5	new mexican food in las vegas! great food with really good prices. the chile is authentic new mexican; both the red and the green are good. in addition to the best out-of-state carne adovada i have had, they are the only place outside of new mexico i have ever seen stuffed sopapillas. you can get fry bread, too! breakfast burritos are big and stuffed full of deliciousness.....good chorizo and bacon and hash browns. legumbres (carrots, jicima, cuc's in fresh lime juice w/ red chile)  make a nice refreshing treat when it is hot out.they also have a decent beer selection (including a $1 house tap) and now make margaritas...very reasonable prices on good tequila (patron margaritas for $5!).good stuff....very much recommend it to native and non-native new mexicans alike.*updated to 5 stars and to include the booze/beer (not really a full bar, but they make some mean margs)
1	This small, casual restaurant serves authentic New Mexican fare so I ordered two breakfast burritos to go.  The super-sized burritos were filled with scrambled eggs, hash browns, cheddar cheese and your choice of red or green chili sauce, I chose Christmas style.  The filling in the burritos was on the greasy side and neither of us enjoyed our Carlito experience.  I used a 2/1 coupon found in the R-J
4	New Mexican cuisine - yaay for entrepreneurs willing to try something new!Carne adovada IS very good.  go for the red+green christmas style if you have sauce on your meal.  Fajitas are also very good, although we had some stale tortillas on our last visit.  I told the owner & am confident he'll take care of the problem next time.  Breakfast burritos are good; take advantage of that 2-for-1 coupon.  Also, if you like mariachi music, they have a couple guys there every friday (funny/fun).   Go Carlito, GO!  :)
2	With the abundance of good quick Mexican eateries in the area; a new one has to be pretty special to get my business. I ordered the chicken enchiladas dinner plate. The enchiladas were okay, but small for the price. The dinner plate included lots of standard-fare rice and beans, some shredded lettuce, and one good sopapilla (served with honey). Strangely, when I asked, they didn't have any hot sauce available.I didn't like the fact that the plate on which the food was served was an aluminum take-out container - with no place to recycle it in-store. Incredibly wasteful, and not eco-friendly. I also found the loud TV's - one blaring some FOX "news" political program and the other offering a screaming football match - to be really REALLY annoying. I won't be going back. Plenty of other good places that offer better food without the propaganda.
4	The enchilada plate was very good.  Pasole was nice and spicy.  Good green chile.  They also sell roasted frozen chile here when available.
2	A small New Mexican place across Patrick from Home Depot.The Good:1. $1 Beers, well Carlito's speacial brew, tasted like Bud Light2. Sopillas with honey3. Very clean insideThe Bad1. My friend and I both ordered chicken dishes, the chicken reminded me of Roberto's and that's not a good thing2. There were some serioulsy weird people in there, not the staff but the other patrons, I won't be going back for that reason alone.3. Add $3 to turn your ala carte item into a "plate"...I paid $3 to add rice, beans and a sopapilla?  Not a great deal, but it wound up being a lot of food and I took more than half of it home.
4	I like this place because it has New Mexican decorations and it very nice little hole in the wall. The food looked very good, even though I shared a platter of Carne Adovada and it was perfect.I will hit it up again for sure :)I really like that they give you sopapillas with honey too!
4	Carlito's is not your typical Mexican joint, but it is not Mexican, it is New Mexican and that makes all the difference in the world. I am a huge fan of New Mexican food. When Carlito's opened up, I was so very excited that I could get some authentic green chile and real deal Navajo tacos. After my first visit, I was not disapointed. Since that first visit almost 6 months ago, the wife and I have been back many times, and the food always continues to satisfy. I typically get the Navajo Taco or stuffed sopapilla minus meat. The beans are always great, the rice is fantastic, and frybread/sopapilla's are delightful. The green chile varies in heat each time, but the fact that it is New Mexican green chile that is either fresh or frozen fresh makes it all good. We've recommended Carlito's to many friends, and all our meat eating friends say that the pork and beef are both very good. We also like the $1 drafts and I don't really care if its not a fancy beer, its good, cold and goes well with the food. The margs are also good for the price. The staff at Carlito's is great, always friendly and they remember who you are if you've been there more than twice.
3	This one was kind of difficult to rate. I lived in New Mexico for quite a few years and go back there about 4 times a year so I'm very accustomed to the food and what it should be like.Chips & salsa for $3.75?!?!?!?! Definitely not a NM restaurant thing, should be served for free. Wifey ordered the carne adovada enchiladas and enjoyed them and for $3 more you get rice, beans and a sopapilla, WTF again?!?! An upcharge of $3 is ridiculous for this!I got the beef burrito smothered in geen chile and really enjoyed it. The green chile had a good flavor and a decent amount of heat but I would've preferred a little more. I also noticed for $1.50 you can order a sopapilla by itself, again, WTF?!?!? In NM sopapillas are complimentary just like chips & salsa.Without the over charged meals and high prices for "add ons" that should be free, plastic silverware and tin foil plates, along with barely there customer service, it probably would've got 4 stars. I'd go there again but I wouldn't go out of my way or make a special trip to eat there in the future.
5	update: we love this place for its fajita friday!  great value and a fun place to get together with a few friends.
5	Carlito's is a very unique restaurant with familiar items on the menu.  The new mexican cuisine is based on mexican food, but with inspirations from native american and southern cuisines.  I have been here many times, and have many favorites on the menu.  The carlito's burrito is a large burrito with only meat, and red or green chile.  The grilled steak burrito with green chile is my favorite.  The green chile is bold and flavorful, and the steak is grilled fresh to order and cut into big, tender slices.  The tacos are another favorite of mine.  I usually get the grilled steak tacos, but the chicken and the ground beef are also very good.  The tacos are fried slightly to make the tortilla crispy.  The only criticism of the tacos is that they are served with a very small amount of salsa.  The specials at Carlito's are also very cool.  Tuesdays is Taco Tuesday where they serve tacos for only a buck.  They have an everyday special for their Carlito's Beer which is also only a buck.  Their best special, though, is on saturdays.  Every saturday they serve a 10 oz. Ribeye Steak with cheese, green chile, mashed potatoes, and calabacitas (squash, corn, and tomato succotash).  This ribeye is only 10.95.  Overall, if you enjoy unique new mexican cuisine, you should definitely try carlito's.
4	Good burrito after a few drinks on the strip.
5	Carlitos is awesome. Finally a place in Vegas that has REAL Green and Red Chile. Roberto's, Faustos, and any other bland place that uses can chile is no comparison. This place makes you feel like your in New Mexico with its authentic flavors. I know its not fair in comparing them to anything else here. I'm a little biased because I think New Mexican cuisine is far more superior then Tex-Mex, or Mexican. What I do compare is the style of tacos, enchiladas, and burritos. Hands down Carlitos has them beat. Any of there burritos you can get real red or green chile inside them as well as smothered. The nachos with red Chile powder sprinkled on the chips and green chile hidden inside give the nachos a taste that is incredible. Navajo Tacos and Stuffed sopapillas are amazing. You haven't had a real Frito pie until you try it with the red new mexico chile Carlitos uses. They also have $1 drafts and specials everyday. Like $1 Santa Fe sliders. A little burger, with chipotle sauce and onions and tortilla. Keep in mind that this is New Mexican cuisine and not the stuff everyone is use to who never been to New Mexico. Its definitely better and I'm glad I have a place to have my Red and Green Chile fix since I only go to New Mexico a couple times a year. Before I go, you give them your email and # they add you and you get 5% discount every time you dine. Until next time, Let's Eat!!
3	I gave this place 3 stars because they didn't have much selection on the menu. My husband and I ordered 2 Burritos, chips and salsa, 2 sopapillas, and a drink and the total came up to $25. The "upgrades" got us. The burritos were pretty huge but most things on the menu were spicy. The only thing I could get my 3yr old son were unseasoned chips, (because even their regular chips have sprinkles of chili powder) and a cinnamon sugar sopapilla. I got a chicken burrito with black beans, rice and red chile sauce. They give you two options: Red or Green chile sauce. My husband got Carne Adovado Burrito (spicy pork in red sauce) and he did not like it. He didn't even finish it and he's a Burrito guy. So no second time for me for this place.
5	I bought a adobava "navajo taco", rice,beans, sopapilla, and a soda.  The total was around $10.  It wasn't that great of a value.  The meat was really good.  Spicy, but not too spicy.  The refried beans were really dry, which was kinda gross.  A "navajo taco" is apparently some sort of flat bread thing.  It was okay, but I think I'd rather just have a normal corn tortilla.  All in all the place is alright, but I don't feel I got my money's worth.Edit: From 3 to 5 stars.  I was young and dumb when I wrote that review above.  While I'm still not into the navajo taco or the combo deal, there are a couple of items that are simply amazing that I love.The carlitos special burrito is great.  Just meat and sauce.  No beans, no lettuce (which doesn't belong on a burrito anyways), no rice (which also never belongs on a burrito).  Gotta get it covered with sauce and cheese.  Both the red sauce and the green sauce have an appropriate amount of kick that makes it spicy but not overbearing.  I usually end up with the pork verde when doing the burrito.The nachos are the best nachos I've ever had in my life.  The chips are seasoned with this stuff I can't explain.  They go real easy on the refried beans.  Guacamole is great.  There's a touch of sauce in there too (can't remember if red or green) which gives the occasional burst of spice.  No lettuce (doesn't belong on there anyways).  I usually get the steak which are good sized chunks and flavorful.  The best part is that they somehow found a way to get cheese on every bite.  Melted gooey/clumpy cheese.....yummmm
1	I drove all the way across town to try this place, but they would not honor my Restaurant.com certificate that I paid money for.  That was a month ago, yet they are still selling them online today!!!  It's fraud.   They should consider this policy as it leads to multiple online postings of bad reviews.Anyway their prices are high for Mexican food.  They spent all their time on the phone and ignored us when we went in.  We even sat down and nobody even noticed us.  We had to get up to fetch our own paper menus.   It's definitely not worth it at full price.  It's hard to find.  They're not nice.  That about sums it up.No thanks.
1	Maybe New Mexican food just isn't my thing but I don't see how anyone could enjoy it.  I went into Carlito's optimistically, as the aroma of delicious food was seeping outside into the parking lot.  I ordered a chicken Carlito's burrito with green chili sauce, no tortilla, no cheese, and plenty of delicious fixings.  When I arrived back to my office, I was disappointed to see that oil had seeped out of the container into the bag- gross- but to be expected with Mexican food.  Unfortunately, although plenty of oil had spilled out the the carton, there was still a ton in the container.  It was a soupy grease disaster.  Regardless of me ordering no cheese it was covered, which only added to the grease factor.  Despite the look of the food I pressed on and with each bite I was more and more disgusted.  The chicken was poor quality.  It was fatty and had excess cartilage.  I could barely taste the green chili sauce through all the oil.  It was so bad I threw it away after a few bites.  It looked NOTHING like the photos online and was genuinely disgusting.  Needless to say, I won't be coming back.
4	I finally got a real meal at Carlito's (after visiting for some margaritas, chips n salsa and legumbres many months ago -- all of these things were very good).  I confirmed which items were vegan with the owner via e-mail (most stuff - beans, veg, rice, sopapillas, chile sauces).  So basically you have a great variety of vegetarian choices and a good variety of vegan options here.  And the meat looks pretty good from what I've observed but not tried.Ok, so let's keep in mind that this is NEW Mexican food.  Not Mexican.  Not tex-mex.  It's not supposed to taste exactly like Mexican food.  And it doesn't! It definitely has it's own character.I got a burrito w/ beans, rice, calabacitas, and green chile sauce.  It was gigantic! Pretty tasty too.  But the real star of the day was the sopapilla.  OMFG, how has this not been a part of my life?! Light, pillowy pockets of dough that are toothsome yet melt in your mouth as you chew.  I'm in love!!  If nothing else, do yourself a huge favor and go try a sopapilla.  If you don't like it, call me and I will come finish it for you.
3	Carlitos burritos has a neighborhood taco shack feel to it.  You order at the counter and service is friendly.  They serve homemade tamales, and serve the traditional fare - burritos, tacos, quesadillas - all with the typical options of pork, ground beef, steak, chicken, or veggies. Portions are beyond generous and the prices are good, real good.  A couple can stuff themselves for around $10.  However, while portions were huge, flavor was not.  We found both our meals "good enough" but relatively bland.  I tried the chicken tamales, smothered in green sauce.  I found the sauce a bit goopy, and generally lacking in taste (something no chile verde sauce should have a problem with in the southwest where we have easy access to freshly roasted chiles).  The sauce had heat, but lacked any flavor complexities beyond that.  The tamales were fine - but again, not mind blowing, a bit lacking on the flavor.  We also ordered nachos and a burrito.  The nacho portion was HUGE!  If you're with a group of friends and want an appetizer doused in cheese, and sour cream (which definitely has it's place in the diet every now and then) this is the place to go.  However, besides the entire brick of cheese melted on top, other flavors were lacking - the beans were sparse, and we just felt a bit overdone by the time the dish was halfway consumed. However, the bright spot was $1 pints of MGD!  Can't beat that price! In summary, Carlitos is a nice little neighborhood joint that would be a great place to meet friends for some beer, cheesy chips, and some cheap Mexican food.  However, we were generally underwhelmed by the (lack of) flavors in our meals.  This was our first trip there, so I'd be willing to give it another go (the cheap beer will bring me back).
1	GREASY!!!!!!Picked up a pork and a beef Carlito's burritos to go, when I got home the red oil had drenched the inside of the bag! Good thing it didn't leak or else my car seat would have been permanently stained. Menu described complimentary add ons and premium add ons, well the cashier didn't even ask if I wanted the extra ingredients which I thought at least the complimentary add ons would have been included. Oh well, live and learn I guess. Afterwards I took my wife's plate to wash and the red sauce was so greasy that even dawn dish detergent wouldn't faze it! Oh no, I don't think I will come back. They have some Vegan choices? Really? Talk about extremes!
5	This place was great. The prices are amazing, the service is friendly, and the food is delicious. This is not Taco bell or Margaritaville. Mexican food and New Mexican food are two different flavors. It's not suppose to have tons of spices and salts like Mexican food does. It's the tastiness of the fresh ingredients and the hot chili that makes this food amazing. The reviews that said the food was bland, are just use to dousing their food in salt.My fiance is from New Mexico so it was a relief to find a place where you can take home frozen green chilies and tortillas. We also ordered our 4 dozen tamales for Christmas.Everyone needs to give this place a shot. We will be going here at least twice a week from now on.
4	So where else do you go in the valley for frybread? New Mexican cuisine is very different from regional mexican or tex-mex or Peruvian, etc. and if you're a fan of the other side of Arizona then Carlito's does an admirable job.Yes, you have to go to New Mexico at this point to find the award winners but what other choices do we have? I think Carlito's beats where there ain't any. I hope others get the idea; every time I've been there's a crowd.I had the Navajo Taco which probably needs adjustment but the green pork  burrito (wet) with lettuce, tomato and cilantro on top of it all really made me happy happy. Oh yeah, don't forget the calabacitas inside for your good health.There's nothing to say about sopapillas - if you haven't had one or two then oh well. But if you know what a churro is then you better get going.Now.So Carlito's is beyond okay 'cause everyone I've taken along so far really likes it/them.
5	Friendly staff and great food! This place is always packed!! I work as a nail tech next door and find myself here all the time for lunch or dinner;) Love it... but it may be time to watch the waist line! LOL!
5	This place has been on the radar for some time, we just haven't had time to try it. Today we managed to compromise, I'd eat nachos and my husband would eat his favored "plate lunch". We arrived for I thought a late lunch, around 145pm, but found a line almost out the door and hardly a seat in the place wasn't occupied. I stood in line studying the menu and when it was time to order I had added the Navajo taco to my original craving of nachos. I was surprised to see fry bread on the menu, and quite pleased when my order was ready. The Navajo Taco was a fry bread topped with pork Verde or carne adovada, cheddar, lettuce, and tomatoes, I choose the pork verde, boy was it delicious, soft almost falling apart before I had a chance to chew it. It was just spice enough not to cause a sweat. My order of nachos was just the usual, they put the beans and cheese, cheddar & jack, on the bottom as well as throughout the chips, then layered with olives, scallions, tomatoes, green chile, jalapenos, sour cream, and guacamole and I added beef. It was a really good nacho! Even though my husband was going to eat a plate lunch just up the street, he couldn't resist what was before him and I think he ate as much as I did, it was a really good lunch. I will be back to try other items I spied on their menu.
4	I had quite a good vegan burrito here. The veggie burrito had a lot of flavor and the green chili was great with a good amount of spice. Ordering was a bit intense though. There were quite a few people behind me and I felt rushed and flustered. Apparently, I get order anxiety under pressure. I was impressed with the final product. It was big but not giant and getting it smothered with green chili was the way to go. The only thing that I wasn's a fan of was the plastic forks and disposable metal pans. It is hard to eat a big burrito with plastic cutlery and it also isn't very eco friendly. That won't stop me from eating there again next time I am in town.
5	Carlito's is the B-O-M-B. I am such a fan of this place and then some. I have been here time and time again and not once been disappointed in the food. The prices are beyond reasonable and the service is decent.I have inhaled several items on the menu and here is how the rank on the medal stand:1. Nachos- Insane! Number 1 in town! I want them in my belly right now!2. Enchiladas- Yes, you are pretty too, Miss Enchiladas. (Get it with green sauce)3. Tamales- excellent4. Tacos- Yes, pleaseThey serve beer and margaritas and my favorite Horchata-drink of the Gods!!! I cannot say enough wonderful things about Carlitos. Only negative is the space itself is tiny and because the food is out of this world you might have to wait a few minutes and get it to go. It's worth it. One bite and you will be addicted to it, too!
5	Absolutely delicious! And a lot more reasonably priced than I first thought. I only heard about this place from Marianne Y last month during Sloppi Jo's debut. I was happy to find out that it's close to work.I went with a Pork Verde Combo Burrito for $4.95 and chose to have it smothered in sauce for an extra $1. The guy warned me that the Pork Verde is spicy, but I was good with that. For $3, you can add a Sopapilla and two sides. I wanted to try their Green Chile Stew and compare it to Sloppi Jo's, so I ordered the Sopapilla, the stew, and some rice.When I got back to work, I first dug into the stew. The heat hit me right away. It was almost overwhelming, but I soon acclimated and the flavor came through. I think I give the slight edge to Jolene's Green Chile Chicken Stew, but I would certainly get Carlito's version again. The burrito was spicy, but I think the stew had already seasoned me to the heat by then. At $5, the burrito is huge and definitely value for money. I only ate half of it and am saving the other half for tomorrow. As for the Sopapilla, I was impressed at how soft and fluffy it was. It came plain and yet it was somehow still delicious and totally addicting. I dipped it in the burrito's sauce until I reached the very last tasty morsel.I hate it when I have high expectations for a place and it doesn't shine. I always feel like my disappointment is due to my inflated anticipation. I'm extremely glad this isn't the case with Carlito's. I do declare that I have a new lunch destination in my regular rotation!Update: I just ate the rest of the burrito and noticed a couple of honey packets in the bag. Oops. Those are probably for the Sopapilla. Oh well. It was delcious all by itself!
3	I was drawn in by the smothered sopapilla. I'm a sucker for sopapillas and had never seen ran across a savory one before! While fairly tasty it was SO FREAKING SPICY I couldn't even finish half of it. Places with stuff this spicy should offer things on a spice scale like a thai place or have warning signs up! Will I be back? Probably not, but I'm not a fan of New Mexican cuisine or spicy food so this place isn't exactly up my alley. I hoped being a lover of Mexican food meant I could love New Mexican food, but this isn't the case for me.
4	I was looking for a spicy burrito, and that's what I got. On my sous chef's recommendation, I hit up Carlito's for some New Mexican fare, a culinary branch I'm totally unfamiliar with. The offerings at Carlito's seemed similar to a classy Roberto's with a few pleasing twists (calabacitas, fried egg on enchiladas, green chili sauce, etc).I went with a wet combo green chili pork burrito with all the free fixins inside. I was warned it would be spicy-- it was. I like heat and it was a perfect amount. I enjoyed the pork meat, too. I also got the $3 sides and sopapilla option. The bread was not my style (greasy and doughy) and my two sides were just alright (posole and chili). I love hominy so I fished out the pieces in the posole and enjoyed those. I would not do the upgrade to my meal again since I hardly ate any of it.Overall, 4 stars. My burrito was enormous and tasty.
5	Holy Guacamole Batman...  This place ROCKS!!!!  I was totally tempted by Jaime W's ROTD for this place and so I had to go ASAP.  I was Sooooo NOT disappointed!!  My stud muffin had some errands to run so as luck would have it we were on the other side of the universe from where we live which just so happened to be RIGHT BY CARLITO'S!!  Serendipitous! So we walk in and the place is small but PACKED!!  That's a good sign.  You could tell that these were ALL REGULARS too.  I saunter on up to the little counter staring at the menu overhead trying desperately to remember what I had decided I wanted to try.  I couldn't remember so I just told the guy that it was our first time and asked him what was the best thing they had.  He asked us if we like spicy and WE DO so he suggested the Chili Verde Burrito.... I got it Combo which is beans and rice and Eric (aka stud muffin, studster, baby maker, hubster, etc) got it Carlito's Way which is double meat.  My son ordered the chicken Nachos. (All three lunches with drinks plus tax & tip came out to under $30.) The service was fast and friendly!When the food arrived (which was quickly despite being very busy) we were first impressed by the shear SIZE of the portions... HUGE!  More than enough to fill up my teenage son who can easily eat a large pizza by himself!!  The nachos are piled HIGH with everything you can imagine and the chicken is SO GOOD!!!  TONS OF FLAVOR!!!  Our Burritos were so big and smothered in green sauce and just the right amount of cheese.  We dug in and both immediately started making noises you would normally hear coming from a bedroom but it was sooo good we couldn't help it!!  Just the right amount of hot without losing any of the flavor.  OH. SO. GOOD!  I still have half of mine left and will be having it for dinner tonight!!I am a definite FAN of Carlito's!! There is not one thing negative I have to say about this place.  It is exactly what it should be.   So my taste buds and  tummy send many thanks Carlito's and to Jaime W for sending me there!!
4	Wanted something different  and I got it  not your everyday run of the mill burrito I ordered the double meat  pork verde burrito and it was spiced right and I didn't want to stop eating it! Full of flavor and a little sweat to go with it. I ordered rice and beans and the rice was interesting it had carrots in it.The refried beans were not runny and had a good flavorMake a run to this boarder!
3	"New Mexico" food, so there's a heavy influance of red and green chili dishes. Burritos and Burrito Bowls are about $6. They have a double-meat, sans beans and everything else, burrito that is ok for carb watchers. If you get it in a bowl, it will be meat soaked in your choice of green or red chili. My friend got a Frito's Pie dish, which about $5 and was packed with food (fritos, ground beef, lettuce, and alot of cheese, plus sauce.I would eat there again for lunch since it's near my office, but I wouldn't go out of my way.
4	Great food! Good price but a slow on getting the orders out. Two times in a row we waited over 15 minutes for a burito. The Wife says best breakfast burito in town. Keep up the good food Carlito's!!
4	Wish I could say better about the food-3 out of 4 dishes were not good. My burrito was huge and tasty. The drinks and service was excellent. "Carlita" the cashier/waitress/bartender was awesome! She made the place. $4 for caddy margarita & $3 draft Modelos tasty & a price can't be beat. Stick with the drinks and burritos. Stay away from the sopapillas and the posole. Also, keep in mind this is "new" Mexican, despite the numerous Mexican items. Go for the food, stay for the service, come back for the drinks. Enjoy!
5	I was born and raised in Las Cruces New Mexico.  This is not Mexican food.  I know what you are saying.  "But, Ernesto the sign says Carlito's Burritos, it's gotta be Mexican food."  No, sir this is New Mexican cuisine, and this is how we roll!  All you Cali people can take your tacos and tapatio hot sauce somewhere else.  We learned about this place from a friend who is also from New Mexico about a year ago and I almost started crying when I ordered food in Las Vegas with real hatch green chile.  This is my comfort food spot.  Every time I get a little home sick I know I can count on Dave and his staff to cook up some excellent food straight from the recipe book of Nuevo Mexico!  My recommendation if you have never feasted on genuine New Mexican food is to try out the stuffed sopapillas.  This is something you don't see done in California and they are awesome.  This place also has some daily specials.  I am personally a fan of green chile more so than red chile.  My mom makes the best red chile so it's hard to compare to other places.  Also don't be a sissy when you eat here.  We like our green chile and we like it hot.  spicy food is alway the best food anyway.  I can go on an on about Carlitos and I can even try to explain what New Mexican food is but I can't.  You just need to try it to see why your life has been incomplete before eating something spectacular from a cool state!  Cheers! and speaking of cheers they have $1 draft beers too!
4	Solid New Mexican experience...it's not The Frontier in Albuquerque, but the green chile and carne adovada are solid, the portions are very generous and they get extra points for having a self-service Horchata fountain.
4	Another one of those restaurants on my 'To Do List', I was in the area recently and stopped by to check it out.  I ordered:Nachos (no meat, $6.50)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OTcBXjDkViDPds4Lxy8KIQ?select=pyMpCBcJmA49t_wZ_fsfaACheese Quesadilla ($3.95)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OTcBXjDkViDPds4Lxy8KIQ?select=E5aH0xwP8-Ja4poLxosfDwThe Nachos wer pretty good.  The Chips were fresh and the ingredients tasted very good.  However, one minor problem with the Nachos is that the Beans are buried at the bottom of the dish!  Seriously, check it out:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OTcBXjDkViDPds4Lxy8KIQ?select=t8a_2kWuGFXYzHbB7ZQdZQYou have to eat through all of the layers of Chips, Green Chiles, Salsa, Guacamole, and Sour Cream to get to the Beans!  WTH?!  The Beans are really good too!  By the time I got to them, I was full and didn't have many Chips left to eat them with.  Bummer!  The highlight of the Nachos were the Green Chiles....they are really good and make these Nachos taste great and different from other restaurants.The Quesadilla was awesome.  They put Green Chiles in the Quesadilla if you ask for it and believe me, you want them....they are sooo good!  It's what makes this Quesadilla unique and tasty.Overall, it was a pretty good meal.  Not sure I would drive all the way across town to have it again, but if I am in the area I would consider making a short drive.Return Factor - 79%
4	The food there is really good & spicy. I came in a couple times & sometimes I'll have my boyfriend pick me up some food there too. They have really nice portions. I want to go back but I felt unwelcome w/ the lady at the counter who took my order one Sunday morning. She never smiled at me while I greeted & smiled at her. When she took my order she looked annoyed. She was nice to the people in front of me.  I don't know if it was how I was dressed or she didn't like how I looked or what. Maybe she didn't like my kids. I just don't know. It sucks because whenever I go somewhere, I always try to be nice to whoever is serving or helping us. I even gave her a decent tip for a to go order. I watched her take an order for the couple after me & she was all nice & joking w/ them. When I came back in line because I forgot to order a drink for my sister she said in an odd tone of voice, "Can I help you?' It was the kind of tone of voice like I was not welcome there. When I told me sister & her mother in law about it, they were surprised because they said she was really nice. Very weird. So, since the customer service for me wasn't too great, I haven't been inside since. It sucks because the food is so good. Whenever I have a craving for it, I'll usually have someone go in & pick up something for me so I won't have to tolerate the rude service.
5	For someone who claims to dislike Mexican food, my reviews sure speak differently. Carlito's Burritos are a mammoth of a meal. Being raised in Vegas, it should not come as a surprise that everything is super sized or all you can eat. With this place, their monster wrap might as well be totted as a buffet in itself. Katrina M. has been raving about this restaurant and the spice factor of the food. If there is one flavor that I cannot get enough of, it is spiciness. I came in ready to regret my decision, but it was more well rounded than that. Between myself and a friend, we shared a pork verde combo burrito with rice and black beans. It comes with an option to smother it. I suggest the green chile sauce because it definitely adds a distinct kick. We added a sopapilla, green chile stew, and a salad for three dollars more. I am glad that we split this meal because it would be near impossible to polish everything off by myself. For ten dollars and change, this is the most filling, high quality, and cheap meal you will be able to get.The pork was tender and moist. The mellow flavors of the inside are accentuated by the subtly bold bite of the green chile that covers the entire burrito. The dressing for the tossed salad was too oily and lacked an acid to balance it. The green chile stew is the same as the one that we asked for on the burrito, but it was delicious enough to warrant another side. We had thought that the sopapilla had been forgotten. As I was about to speak up, they came out with the freshly fried morsel and a bottle of honey to accompany it. The bread had a nice airy quality while producing a chewy bite. I love any variations of a donut and they make one of the best. It is hard to continue my "I dislike Mexican food" stance with such high quality places such as Carlito's around.
4	OK the food rates 5 stars but this is just a very small strip-mall joint, with a little more space it would be 5-star. I was taken there by a good friend for lunch who lived in New Mexico and offered that this is typical NM fare. I tried the Navajo Taco as suggested, and it was great. Mine was with the Pork Verde, the "taco" is Indian Fry-Bread and it was a sort of a tostada - but on steroids. The service was fast and friendly. The place was packed - with a line out to the door by 1pm. So if you are having lunch get there early. Aclear indication that this is the real-deal. If you are looking for something a bit different than the usual Mexican, Tex-Mex grub, this is the go-to place. You will not be disappointed. Not to mention that the cost is reasonable. I plan to go back often.
4	Stopped by for lunch today. One of those days driving around asking myself what's for lunch today? I walked in around noon and the place was jammin. Almost all of the tables full and a line to the door.That was good cuz it gave me time to study the menu. I decided to try the steak with the red sauce and added guac and sour cream. The buritto was very good just a little messy, which is not a problem for me. The steak was very tender and almost melted in my mouth.I want to go back soon try try so many thing, mostly the stuffed sopapillas. They brought one out to a table next to the take out line and it looked really good....next time for sure!
4	great food, thanks guys. really like it
4	My new favorite mom and pop Mexican...oops sorry New Mexico food. And yes there is a difference between the two.This is a small little counter service restaurant that has seating for maybe 30 people.  It looked like they get a lot of to go orders though. A friend of mine who lived in New Mexico 30 years goes here quite frequently and mentioned I should go try it with him.  Well, I love me a good pork burrito with verde sauce and that's exactly what I had. I ordered the Carlito's Burrito Double Meat (no beans) with pork verde. When I ordered, I was warned about the heat level... no problem though... That was buy far the best Chile verde sauce I have ever had and my burrito was drowning in it, which is just the way I like it.  The pork was cooked perfectly.  I was amazed I was able to finish the whole think, but I pretty much didn't eat until the next day.The staff there are very friendly and it is run like a family business. They seem to have a lot of Latino clientele which to me is a good sign and a testament to the food.
4	Carlito's Burritos turns out amazing New Mexican style Mexican food.  They offer both red and green chile both of which are full of flavor and compliment everything on the menu.  I've tried the tamales, the posole, the green chile stew, enchiladas and the breakfast burritos.  All of which were incredible.  The food is fresh, flavorfull and very reasonably priced.  The service is excellent and they make a great $3.00 margarita.  Carlito's is a wonderful local place that everyone should check out!
2	The food at Carlito's is OK.  I can't think of anything better to say about it.  The green chile is New Mexico chile, cooked a little untraditionally, but close enough to the real thing, that someone who has lived in New Mexico finds it somewhat familiar, but lacking the gustatory punch of really well-prepared New Mexican green chile.The flour tortillas are of poor quality and have a tendency to fall apart.  The refried beans are so bland they border on baby food.  And the atmosphere, well, it's like a taqueria: noisy, cheap, crowded.It's good for someone looking for a green chile fix, but probably not the place to eat for really good New Mexican food
3	Taco Tuesday begins usually after 4:00 PM. Also, they advertise 1 Dollar pints. The food difficult to rate because its hit or miss, the meat maybe tender or tough, dry or juicy. Good Luck Yelpers!
5	I was going to give this little place 4 stars because of the small dining area, but the food gets 6 stars; hence it gets 5 stars. This is the best green chili in the city. It's New Mexico style which is hard to find in Las Vegas for some inexplicable reason. The green chili is spicy with bits of the green chili in it. This is as opposed to the blended and smooth version which can be equally good. I ordered stuffed sopapilla that is also a New Mexico specialty not easily found in Las Vegas,  Mine was stuffed with ground beef. The order was served in an aluminum to-go container. I received two sopapillas with cheese melted over them and surrounded by plenty of the first rate green chili. It was a generous and delicious portion. For those of you who crave green chili, I can highly recommend this place. One other thing. They have a nice selection of beers as well as margaritas.
4	I have been waiting to try this place for a long time.  We decided to hit it up the other night and I see what I have been missing.  My wife had the cheese enchiladas with red sauce and my friend and I shared a sopapilla with pork chile verde with green sauce and a chorizo burrito christmas style.  I don't like spicy food but this was just the perfect amount of hot for me.  Not too spicy but just enough to get me to sweat a little bit.  Every single dish was delicious.  The pork was so tender and flavorful.  Both the red and green sauces were great!  And, they have $1 beers all the time.  Are you kidding me?  This place is a great spot to get some delicious (New) Mexican food and grab some cheap brews!
4	Stuffed sopapilla was amazing.  Carlito's burrito almost as good.  Enchiladas are so-so.  Taco shell was greasy and chewy.  4 stars overall, but if you stick to classic New Mexican food it's 5 stars.To think that Super-Mex (which I think is the worst Mexican restaurant ever) is down the block and busy amazes me.  If Carlito's had a good location it would be the hottest place in town.
4	Went to lunch solo the other day and thought it was time to post a Yelp.  About my fifth time here.  Live and work way on the other side of town so don't get by here much.  I think it's a real gem.  I've had the Carlitto's chile verde pork burrito several times, huge and very spicy!...and all of the different tacos, with a great shell and juicy, delicious meats and toppings.  Three tacos or the burrito make for a BIG lunch or fine dinner.  The chips and salsa are expensive until you see the truckload they bring you, with a great seasoning on them.  You won't be disappointed.
5	Amazing. The beat nachos by far. So plentiful and amazing. Their tacos are just as good. Breakfast burritos are the reasons wednesdays were made. Navajo taco so goooood. I love Carlitos. From the food to the staff to their frequent flier program. Love em. Makes me wish I was raised in new mexico.
4	thanks to Groupon's $6 for $12 coupon I probably wouldn't know about this place. My first expeirence with New Mexican food so didn't know what to expect. Similar menu as your typical Mexican restuarant and a few of their own. Had the Steak Carlito's Burrito (pic) which i really liked for $7.60 with all of it's 8 complimentary add-ons, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, peppers, salsa, and so on. guacamole and sour cream was extra. it was loaded with tasty chunks of steak, i could definitely taste a difference in the spices and seasoning. they also have a veggie burrito for $4.60 that you can mixup all kind of beans and rice together, or the combo burrito for around $6-7 which is the veggie and meat.Total wasn't $12 yet so I added the Pork  Nachos for also $7.60.  They weren't that bad, had a bunch of ingredients that resembled those layered nachos dips what I usually eat while watching football. beans, cheese, olives, tomatoes, peppers, guacomole, and sour cream and some large pork pieces. didn't care for their chips, shaped and seasoned like doritos, and got soggy quickly.They have a good nightly special from 4-9pm.Mondays - Santa Fe Sliders for $1Tuesdays -Beef Tacos for $1Wednesday - HUMP DAY - 1/2 off breakfast burrito till 11 am and $6 pizzas.Thurdays - Bottomless bowls green chile shew for $6.50.Friday - Chicken, steak, and shrimp fajitas from $6-8.Saturaday - Ribs for $8.95Sunday - 2 for 1 breakfast burritos all day.they also serve beers, margaritas, and wine so that's cool.they were busy during lunch, they had tables and a few bar counters to eat at. also like all of their pictures and their open view of the kitchen.
5	We moved here from New Mexico a few months ago, worried about where we were going to get our red and green chili fix (chile truly is addicting!). My son, who already lived here told us about Carlito's. OMG! Not only is the food they serve awesome, I can also buy chile to take home and use in my cooking. Carlito's definitely rewards it's return customers.If you give them your phone number when you order, they will track your purchaes, and give you $5 for every $50 you spend. We live about 15 minutes away, but we still manage to eat there 2-3 times a week, especially for the breakfast burritos, (which are delicious any time of day) and 1/2 price all day Sunday and until 11 a.m. on Wednesday.
4	Carlito's burritos is a def good reminder of all the good eats and memories of new Mexico I loved the food even though it was prepared a-little Different from what I'm use to I guess I just have to lower my standers a tad bit when it comes to eating new Mexico cuisine in las Vegas nv I mean nothing is ever like home. So anyways about the food it was great I liked it and so did the party of six I went with. Minus one * due too it being set up like a Roberto's taco show I was expecting more of a sit down type atmosphere with a waitress/waiter hmm well next time I will know what to expect good food and glad to see that there trying to bring the new Mexico style to the city of sin would I recommend it yes support the home town rock on enjoy good eats.
4	This place is really great! The food was affordable and good quality. I write a travel blog and I'm always looking for ways to save money or find delicious authentic food. The burritos were around 5.60 and for an additional $3 you can add a "sopapilla" and 2 sides. My grandmother is from New Mexico and they had some dishes I remember eating when I was a child, like the chile verde stew with shredded beef chunks. Overall a great place, if you live in the area or have a car while visiting I suggest taking a ride over to try it out. If you want more tips on restaurants, hotels and shows check out my blog at http://letsjetset.com
3	Good Mexican food. I had the enchiladas with rice and beans. Tasted good a little on the spicey side. Kind of small could've been bigger. Good  service.
4	Holy nom nom! Yesterday I was working with Anthony, he is a friend of those who own Carlito's and he was talking the place up and how he often opens his own BBQ outside the stores sometimes and they do off-menu items from his grill. Well, he made us all really want Mexican food so we called in an order.Tuesdays = $1 Tacos (ground beef) or $2 for carne asada upgradeI decided to get a plate of the tacos. I was a little skeptical because whenever I hear $1 taco and ground beef in the same sentence I'm thinking greasy, runny, yucky meat with a pinch of lettuce. I was wrong. Carlito's does ground beef tacos RIGHT. The ground beef had an amazing taste and was not greasy at all. There was plenty of fresh shredded lettuce and chopped tomatoes. And even though we had to send our friend to go get the food, it was still amazing after having to take a ride back to our place of work.They also supplemented us with a bunch of tortilla chips, red salsa, salsa verde, AND guacamole!!! Okay, the guac was frigging amazing... AMAZING!!!! I can't wait to go to the actual store. I want to have the adovada burrito. And I will be going to try out their breakfast as well.Wow, this place just blew me away. So fresh, fresh! Yummers!
4	My friends joke that my idea of 'Mexican' food is Taco Bell but a coworker Insisted that I Had to give Carlito's Burritos a try and brought me a trifold menu.  His recommendation was a 5 star, thumbs up version so I passed the menu to my friends 'in the know' and we went last night.  It was amazing!! The business is clean, the staff friendly, the food fast, fresh and delicious.The Navajo Taco is big enough for two people to share, the carne adovada was spicy hot in a good way.  I tried sopapilla with calavasitas & posole.  I never noticed the business tucked away in the stripmall but by the amount of people there 6pm on a Wednesday night, they do fine with word of mouth advertising.  Definitely YUM!
5	The red chilis alone keep me coming back!
4	I came here with my brother because I had a coupon that was about to expire. The place is pretty small, but there are lots of places to sit. My brother ordered a pork combo burrito ($5.75) and a pint of beer ($1). I ordered a chicken ensalada ($6.95). The burrito came wrapped in foil. It was so huge it looked like it was going to explode in my brother's face. He took his first bite and said, "*%#! yeah, this is dank!" Translated into normal English, that means it was delicious. He was also very pleased about being able to get a pint of beer for a buck. That's a pretty sweet deal and I think it's all day everyday. My ensalada wasn't what I expected. I was expecting it to be a salad in a tostada BOWL, but it was actually a big salad on top of a flat tostada in a foil bowl. All the juices of the huge salad made the little tostada all soggy on the bottom, so I didn't eat it. The salad itself was good though, I was just expecting to get it in a crunchy tostada bowl that I could tear apart and turn into chips. Even though I wasn't too fond of my salad, I am still a fan of this place. My brother loved his burrito, they have lots of specials, and the prices are cheap!Tips:*Monday night sliders - $1 Santa Fe sliders 4-9pm*Taco Tues - $1 beef tacos 4-9pm*Wed - 1/2 price breakfast burritos til 11am. $6 Roadrunner pizza 4-9pm*Thurs - $6.50 bottomless bowl of green chile stew 4-9pm*Fajita Friday - %6 chicken, $7 steak, $8 shrimp fajitas 4-9pm*Sat rib night - $8.95 Red Chile Pork Ribs Adovada w/ green chile cheddar mashed potatoes and CalabacitasSunday - 2 for 1 breakfast burritos all day long*Carlito's Special Lager $1
5	Eleven years ago, I moved to Vegas from Las Cruces, NM. Aside from my good friends, the thing I miss the most about New Mexico is the food. There is nothing quite like New Mexican food. Then a friend of mine who moved here from Cruces shortly before I did told me about Carlito's. Of course I had to check it out. I must say that Carlito's does a fabulous job of bringing a little slice of home (New Mexico) to Vegas. Everything that I've tried I've enjoyed, but I'm a die hard enchiladas fan. And I eat them like a New Mexican - stacked and with sour cream. The sopapillas are always hot & always delicious. One day I will have to check out the margaritas and report back on them as well. If you like to cook with chiles, I would suggest getting on their mailing list or liking them on Facebook so that you are in the loop for when the Hatch chiles will be arriving.
4	The family on my Mom's side are all from New Mexico, so I have eaten a chili or two in my day.  This place knocks it out of the park.  If you want a medium kick, go with red chili.  Turn it up a notch with green chili.  If you are a total wuss bag, don't get the chili, and go back to New York City.  My personal favorites here are the breakfast burritos (served all day!!!).  The hash-browns within are always crispy, a feat I will never understand.  Add some carne adovada (pork marinated in red chili) with eggs and cheddar, and your taste buds will salsa dance the rest of the day (or into the night).  For spicier flair, try a pork verde (green chili marinated pork) with extra green chilis.  I do not suggest getting it "smothered", which is adding even more chilis to the outside, and cheddar.  It is just too much.  Keep the chilis in the burrito, and everything will be just fine.
5	Great new Mexican style cooking here! Taco Tuesday's are great! $1 tacos and they always have a $1 draft beer!
5	We go to Carlitos at least once a month for New Mexican food. The stuffed sopapillas are my favorite, and my boyfriend always gets a Carlitos Burrito (double meat) smothered in red chile. I always order a sopapilla on the side so I can eat it with honey at the end of the meal. The only thing I have had here that I think could use some improvement is their calabacitas. I would love to see them add fideo to the menu at some point too.
5	What can I say this place is amazing! Everything is authentic new mexican food. Big portions and their steaks are tender and flavorful. I come to Carlitos burritos and I'm never disappointed. Staff is great as well.
5	Delicious food, Great service. I had the Saturday night special: red chile ribs with green chile mashed potatoes and chopped veggies called calabacitas.Just spicy enough.  And they have Jamaica drink at the soda bar!!
5	Where oh where did my review go? I had a review written, maybe it was just in my head, and now it is lost. It was a Sunday morning, cloudy skies, windy and rather dreary. We were unsure where to go, surprise, surprise! Driving down Pecos, discussing options, I asked the wife if she was feeling adventurous, to which she said yes. A quick right turn lead us straight to Carlito's Burrito's. We were not quite sure what to expect as we walked up to the burrito place next to a bakery and tattoo shop. Upon opening the door, we were greeted by delicious aromas and a full establishment, with patron's aluminum food container tray items generously filled with oversized, drenched burritos.Shuffling between the chairs and soda fountain, we made our way to the counter to order, leaning back to stair at the big screen tv menus mounted near the ceiling, our meal choices formed within our minds quite quickly.A soft spoken, but courteous and polite gentleman took our order, answered our questions and efficiently handed our drink cups to us. Shuffling back toward the soda fountain, we filled our cups with carbonated, sugary drinks and sat down at a freshly vacated table. They were so busy, the staff could not get to an empty table to wipe it down before it was re-occupied. Heck, the vacating customers couldn't all be out of their seats before the next patrons were sitting down! While having a brief discussion about the artwork on the walls and how busy the restaurant was, the soft spoken man brought out our meals with an inquiry as to anything else we needed, or he could do for us. With tongues eager to taste the delicious smelling food before us, they spoke of their own volition and assured him we were ready to eat.I had chicken enchiladas in red sauce with rice, she had a bowl containing the innards of a dissected burrito.The red sauce has some bite to it, but not too much to obliterate the flavor and essence of the chiles that lived up to their purpose of being a part of a great sauce. The chicken bits were succulent and tender, not a hint of overcooked dryness was detected.I am guessing her food was equally as delicious, as we finished our meals in near silence, aside from comments about how good the food was, and asking why we waited so long to eat there.This was our first, but definitely not our last visit. I am anxious to get a chance to try some of their happy hour specials, and sample more of the menu!
3	New Mexican cuisine.  New Mexico...as in the state of.   There must be some fat folks in New Mexico...cuz the portions are outrageous!  Huge chunks of pork, tender and delicious. This food focuses on the chile.  Your choice of green or red.  I chose the green due to the promise of spice.  Not happening for me.  I am, however, jaded by my love of Thai food.  No runny nose, or stinging lips.  I could feed this to my granddaughter. They were, however, packed with great chile taste.We tried the burrito, with adovada, Navajo taco, green chile stew, and sopapilla.  Everything we had could feed an army...so plan accordingly.
5	Update because I have an obsession with Carlito's Burritos now. Since having Carlito's many moons ago I have since been back quite a few times regularly, at least once a week, maybe missing a week in between a few times. But this has definitely become a go-to establishment for me now. I must admit, I think it had replaced my Chipotle cravings! Chipotle is completely different from this place though.First off always get the calabacitas in whatever you order, if you don't then you might as well go somewhere else - they are the point of this place. The green/red chili sauces are also phenomenal, but the calabacitas are what you come here for. I always get them in my burritos (my natural go-to). I have had the steak (tender, often charred just a bit), the chicken, and of course, the best, the adovada pork. You have the option to get your burrito smothered, which I have done once, but never again. It is not my thing, but others may like this option. The green chili sauce has a KICK and the red is pleasantly spicy. The service is always good and the employees are nice. The place is small, so be prepared to wiggle through tables and possibly not be able to eat in the restaurant if it's packed. I suggest eating at the small bar area if you are alone or only with another person. This way you get to watch the cooks because the kitchen is completely open and you can see everything getting cooked and served up.This is awesome New Mexican cuisine. Don't miss out on this place.
5	Many thanks to Joe W. for his recommendation on Carlito's, because without it I was stuck looking at internet pictures of food in foil tins. I've grown to love those foil tins because after probably 10 enthusiastic visits I have learned they are for holding all your Christmas colored sauce. The Red is good, the Green is good...you just can't choose one!So far I love the burritos. My favorites are ALL of them. Their breakfast burritos are amazing because of the hashbrowns.And the sopapillas! yum!Enchiladas were good but not my style...tamales and nachos are next on my list.Their daily specials are insane looking, booze is cheap and no matter how congested I am I can always taste the food. I still need to wrap my head around what a Frito Pie is before I make it that far down the menu though...
2	This was my first time visiting here- I try to go to the smaller mom/pop eateries to support the local economy, plus the food is much better than the chain locations. I ordered the beef burrito with green sauce. Its a good-sized portion, and the green sauce is pretty good. The burrito itself was like a flour bag of plain beef with jalapenos thrown in. Lots of heat, but no flavor at all or seasonings in the meat. So I wasn't impressed at all with this item. I will go back and try something else next, hopefully that may be a bit better!
3	Tried a Breakfast Burrito with Green Chilie. Due to the hash brown patty in the burro, things didn't soaked up enough like it would with real potatoes. The has brown thing was too greasy in its own right. Green Chile had a kick, but eggs could have been cooked more and would have like bottle of sauce option in burrito, not just an actual Creen Chili. Perhaps you need to get it smothered for that effect? Calabicitas on the side was good, not great, but Sopadillas were a nice touch, although I should have eaten them right zway instead of waiting 15 minutes to get home. It's like getting a bagel outside NYC, you just can't recreate that New Mexico cusine outside of the city it was born into.
4	I was really looking for a spicy meal and wasn't disappointed with their triple meat breakfast burrito smothered in green chile. Cleared my sinuses better than Vicks vapor rub. The burrito was enough for me to eat 3/4 there and take the last bit home for a little appetizer to my dinner that night. Considering they have a Sunday buy one get one breakfast burrito deal my roomie and I paid 9 dollars and thought it was a pretty great deal. The flavors were on point. I am only giving four stars because the guy who took our order seemed a little upset at the world. 9$ for two huge delicious breakfast burritos, wish the service was a little better but hey I went for the food so I'll save the convos for my therapist.
4	This place is fantastic! The title says it all.. it's mainly burritos and they are delish. I love coming here early for their fantastic breakfast burritos. Smothered you say? Yes I say.. I prefere the red sauce.. the co-workers love the green, and they get a special added sauce inside... good stuff I hear. I love the nachos too!! Reasonably priced.
5	My favorite breakfast burrito in town...  Fausto's is good, but when you want green chili sauce, Carlito's is your place!  For cheap$$, they will smother anything you order in the green chili if you want, and I always want!  It seemed extra spicy this morning which was perfect, but I could only eat half.  The other half will be in the toaster oven later and will still be delicious.  Sunday is 2 for 1 breakfast burrito's all day. Too early for the $1 beer special, but I have taken advantage of that before as well.   If not a breakfast burrito, then the carne adovada with the calabacitas is my go to burrito... smothered of course.   And when I want to go low carb, they do it in a bowl and it is fantastic.  They usually have a line  but it moves fairly quick and is worth the wait.
4	Fry bread convert!I've been looking for some heat outside of Asian food. The stuffed sopapillas and Navajo taco definitely satisfied this craving. It wasn't as spicy as I had imagined but it was enough heat that you didn't have burning sensations when the food came out the other hole. As for meat, I think their pork verde is cooked perfectly. On the other hand, their chicken is not so great. I believe it was all dark meat and it didn't go well with the sopapilla because it made the dish heavier than it already was. If they had a white meat option, I'd definitely go for that! Lastly, we tried their chicken tamale and forgot to get it "sauced." It came with a salsa and green sauce but it wasn't enough to help this plain tasting tamale. On the upside, the chicken was white meat. I'm definitely a fan of Carlito's and will be coming back for more!
5	This place is wonderful if you love New Mexican food very friendly and only at the $ level which is sweetGreat place for New Mexican chili
4	I love Mexican food and this place throws a little "curve" for me. Nice variation of flavorful Mexican, I mean New Mexican! Their salsa will satisfy your taste butt and will definitely challenge you too...be ready to sweat! Ingredients are fresh and the portion is pretty good~! Def a local gem!!!
5	This place is amazing!!! I'm originally from NM and this place is just like eating back home. Everything I've tried is amazing. My favorite is the Carne Adovada stuffed sopapilla. Try this place and you'll just keep coming back.
3	So I been thinking about a good Navajo Taco. I did not get that at Carlito's. I did get a great Chili verde and  Adovado chili. They are lacking in the execution of the fried bread.It did not look like anything I have seen the Navajo's make. It was not fried to its beautiful crispness. It was like a pillow of soft dough. I wanted some texture contrast to the soft spicy compliment of chili. The service was good and the place was clean. The menu is small and sometimes thats a good thing. I am on the fence on if its worth a trip back.I am more like a 2 1/2 stars. to the owners and chefs check out any You tube video of Navajo taco's and see if I am wrong about what you are selling.
4	This is a great spot to grab some good food and cold drinks. I wouldn't call this place Mexican, it's more New Mexico, everything here really revolves around the 'chile' which is a great thing because it's delicious.  They have daily specials at night which seem great but so far I've only tried the bacon breakfast burrito smothered in green chile and Carlitos roja carnitas burrito smothered in red chile with a bunch of toppings. The best bite that I've had from here was the Carlitos roja carnitas burrito smothered in red cause with several toppings.
4	I realized a long time ago that Mexican food is generally 5 basic ingredients re-arranged in different ways. Beans, Cheese, Meat, Tortilla, Salsa, Sauce, sometimes rice. And while Carlito's is no exception to my keen observation, they do some great re-arranging. Tucked away in the south east, Carlitos is probably the only thing keeping this small strip mall in business. The place itself is pretty tiny, and probably can't seat more than 25 people. Yet despite its small size and odd location, the place is usually packed by regulars who are familiar with the food and know what they want.Carlitos offers traditional fare such as burritos, tacos, nachos and the like. But they throw in some new things to the mix, the sliders (mexican style mini burgers wrapped in tortillas with a chilli relish), green chili stew (super spicy), and the sopapillas (which are essentially fryed fluffy tortillas which they use for a dessert or stuff them for bigger meals)The food is great for the price. Getting a full meal with a drink is easy under $10, and on top of that they have $1 draft beers (they have their own brew I guess) The tacos are made fresh which deep fryed tortillas made on the spot, and the sopapillas make great fluffy desserts. I thought the huge burrito I ordered was a little on the bland side. Each week day they have specials going on, the best is probably $1 taco tuesdays. Just remember that the place gets packed. Tell your friends to grab a seat or get it to go. Definitely worth checking out if your into Mexican food and tired of your regular places.
5	This is not a place you would just stumble upon. Thanks yelp!I had the green chili enchilada with a side of rice. This is true New Mexican. The best I've had outside of NM.
2	I initially found out about this place through a coupon service. The 1st three times I got the fries smothered in red chiles and a breakfast item. I dined in once and remembered that the service was pleasant.But tonight was eye opener. I called to place a pick up order and the lady I spoke to had a very bad attitude plus she took down the wrong order. I ordered a combo burrito and she took it upon herself to charge me for a Carlito's burrito which is a dollar more. She urged me to make up my mind about beans and rice because she had a line of people. I'm sorry but when I asked if I can place an order over the phone, and she saying yes, was guarantee that I was a paying customer, just like everyone else. If you don't have the integrity to treat all customers as customers, then don't take phone orders.I arrive 15 minutes later to pick up the food and when I arrived she was behind the cash register. She looked at me and then walked into the dining area to bus a couple of tables. So, as a customer who is present, now the empty tables are more important than the customer. I see the problem now. She is discriminant towards particular customers in an inconsistent manner. She had a tip jar that was filled, but to be honest with you, if she treated everyone like she treated me, that jar would have nickels and pennies. The whole transaction had no greeting, no thank you or appreciation for business and couldn't even muster up a smile. I had like 13 cents change, and that tip jar was not deserving of a penny. The 2 stars was because my friend liked the burrito, and the fries I ordered had flavor. I don't know how Zagat grades these businesses, but if they send secret shoppers they will see what I'm talking about.
5	Although its New Mexican - Mexican food, it's the only decent Mexican food place in Vegas. Growing up in Arizona, we had phenomenal Sonoran Mexican food in the southern part of the state, and good New Mexican food in the mining areas around Globe/Miami.  What we have in Vegas is California or even worse - east coast influenced Mexican food. No heat, no flavor, and so very bland.  The carne adovada at Carlito's could be a little more spicy for my taste, but I'd definitely recommend it to my friends. They do a lot of BBQ events in conjunction with wine/liquor tastings at Lees Liquors. Their green chili tri-tip and ribs are phenomenal. Huge servings and so delicious.
4	finally New Mexican food in las vegas. If you are from the land of enchantment you know what i mean. sopapillas, hatch chile's, and lots of it. Green or Red? you know what I mean. just go and eat. then go back and get the green chile sliders!
5	This is the only "New Mexican" food I have been able to find in Las Vegas.  For those who know the difference and want authentic Hatch chili read no further and just go...now!New Mexican fare differs from other forms of Mexican food because it is focused around Hatch chilies.  This ingredient comes from Central New Mexico where all the stars align to produce this unmatched and unmistakeable chili.  The owner stays true to Senoran New Mexican cuisine and gives you the option to chose from red or green in most of their dishes.Some of my favorites include red chili adovada enchiladas layered style with a fried egg on top, green chili chicken enchiladas, and the nachos.  Also, there are always specials which are delicious (I love the ribs).  And don't forget to save room for a sopapilla for dessert!  Being that my father was from New Mexico, this was the food I was raised on.  If you haven't tried it, give it a go and you'll be hooked!
5	Gracias.  Finally we can get real green chile.  Thank you!
2	Had the pork combo burrito and it was almost devoid of any flavor other than the chile sauce. Maybe this is how New Mexico does it, but I was not impressed.
2	I was so excited to try this place yesterday! It has been on my list so since me and the bf had a night off we decided to try it. It's right near my house so I was hoping for a new hangout..It was busy when we walked in and smelled great. We ordered frito pie, a green pork tamale, 2 red enchiladas, a side of green stew, a side tossed salad and sopapilla. It took about 25 minutes for our food, and it came out cold. The frito pie was complete mush in the center, like it had been sitting for a few hours, so gross.Why would you make something like that in advance so it is mushy?? The enchiladas were good once you got past the sauce. The red sauce tastes like ketchup with a bit of chiles but you get a whole bunch so I guess that makes up for it. My tamale was really old, I kept trying to cut it and it was just hard all on the outside. I was sad about this, I love tamales, and it was just gross. Also, when I cut into it there was maybe a teaspoon of meat and thats it. My salad dressing was off and really sour. We decided the 20 bucks was worth finding out we didn't like it, threw our food away and went to another place close by for dinner.The reason for the second star was that the sopapilla (which the girl forgot and I had to go up and ask for, much to her irritation, which I didn't see why she was so irritated, the other girl was doing all the work while she sat behind the counter doing her makeup) was amazing and the green chili stew was ok. Maybe I caught them on an off day? Maybe I just didn't order the right stuff? Cause if this is authentic New Mexico food, I feel kinda bad for people who grow up on it.
5	Just go for the tacos, a side of rice and beans, and make sure you try the sopapillas!
4	I love their everything breakfast burrito when they do the half off specials on Wednesday morning up until 11 AM and the two for one Sunday breakfast burritos. I really can't picture paying 9 dollars for any kind of burrito so I go when they have a deal on them. They are completely stuffed with scrambled eggs, hash browns, cheddar, and red or green chile PLUS  bacon, chorizo, sausage and ham. That makes for one really filling burrito. I go for the green sauce because it's spicier and I love spicy food. I would have to say don't smother it because it turns this thing into a fork and knife meal and that's not what breakfast burritos should be about. This place uses extremely fresh ingredients and I love that. The one Debbie downer would have to be that the guy running the register always seems to be kind of miserable, I wish they would hire someone that could greet you as you walked in the door and smile while they take your order.
5	This is authentic New Mexican food! Not an imitation. Not Mexican food. No need to travel to New Mexico anymore. I rate this place a 6!  You have to try this.
5	You can't find New Mexico faire like this place.  Amazing, amazing, amazing!  Carne Adovada Sopapilla FTW!
4	Its a bit different from what most people think of when eating burritos.  Not a bad thing at all since the food is tasty indeed!  This is the first time I've had New Mexican food.The portions are large.  I had trouble finishing my meal let alone the side I foolishly ordered.My only complaint would be that since the food is a bit different than expected, some pictures might have been helpful.  Some people think that is tacky, but I think it can be warranted at times.  Also the tin trays give the impression of eating a pile of food from a trough.
4	I've had this place bookmarked for ages, but despite driving by on many occasions I never forced myself to try Carlito's, until today.My family is originally from New Mexico, so I grew up on green chile and sopapillas. I guess I was a little nervous that I would be disappointed by Carlito's as I have been by New Mexican restaurants in the past. I'm happy to say that Carlito's exceeded my expectations.After seeing Jaime W's taco Tuesday treats on the newsfeed, I decided it was time to finally bite the bullet and give Carlito's a try. I ordered a Navajo taco with pork verde to go. On the ride back to my office, I couldn't resist trying some of the pork. It was absolutely delicious. Perfectly cooked and really spicy. The fry bread was a little soggy, but it was probably because I took it to go. I look forward to trying the rest of their menu. I'm looking forward to bringing my mom along with me next time to get her more expert opinion on the place.They also roast Hatch chile during the season, sell pinons by the pound and offer parking lot barbecue parties from time to time when you check out their web site and facebook page.
5	Hoppin on Sundays! 2-for-1 brekkie burritos!
3	So I just thought this place was OK.  We got there in the nick of time, after we ordered there were like 11 people in line to order. Good tip: don't sit in the middle of the restaurant when the line forms they are right next to you. Place is pretty small.  They have TV's with no sound but at least you can watch, my friend got the a bloody beer which looked & tasted amazing--so get one of those!  She also got some fried dough dessert thing that came w/ honey on the side, get that too!I ordered a tortilla-less burrito [basically like a burrito salad] w/ the green chili sauce and chicken.  The chicken was pretty gross, lots of tough parts and fat, definitely not all white meat and I didn't think the highest quality I picked it out towards the end.  The black beans were under cooked and more on the 'harder side' then they should've been. I'm from Miami, I know black beans!  I ordered my co-worker chicken nachos to go.  They looked amazing, brought them back to her, she ate them, I asked her what she thought--- she said the chicken was gross too! Thank God I'm not crazy.So my suggestion here: offer an all white meat vs mystery chicken option, I'd rather pay an extra dollar and get the good stuff.Undecided if I will return.
4	1st visit to this place today for lunch.  I ordered the signature "Carlito's Burrito" because it indicated it came with double meat and no beans or rice.  You can choose the meat and choose red or green sauce.  I chose to try chicken with red sauce.  I also ordered mine smothered ($1 additional) and with jalapenos.  The burrito was HUGE, and was packed with chicken and sauce.  I love that they covered my burrito with so much sauce that I had pools of it to use however I wanted.  For this size of burrito the price was pretty good.  I would say cheaper than most similar mexican places.  The sauce also had a good spicy kick to it.  My only complaint at all from this visit is the size of the seating areas.  It gets a little crowded as it was at lunch time and I bet it's even worse during school days with a High School right across the street.  Not a lot of room to sit, but cannot complain at all about the delicious food and the good service.
4	I have been wanting to go to Carlito's for such a long time & I am so glad I finally did! As my husband is Native American whose family comes from New Mexico, he grew up eating NM food, which is different than Mexican food. But people don't understand that & give this place bad reviews because of their own ignorance. Anyway, the green chile is amazing. Haven't tried the red yet. Food was great, and there was a lot of it. My only gripe is that the fry bread & sopaipillas weren't 'all that.' My husband's grandmother knocks it out when she makes us fry bread! Comparing the food to what we had when we visited NM, it's very, very good. Santa Fe wins by mere inches though. They even have New Mexico chilis for sale! Connect with them on Facebook and they will post when the chilis come in and when they are roasting chilis.
5	Carlitos' is very authentic! I am originally born and raised in Albuquerque, New Mexico. I felt that both the green and red chile were above par and tasted very well. The pork is probably the best meat I have tasted in so long. I don't even like pork and I felt like this place could totally convert me to loving pork. I also ordered both chicken and carne asada enchiladas. I would say in this order pork, chicken, and then carne asada  ranked in best to last. The restaurant is a little bit small in space but overall if you are looking for a great new mexican food stop in!
2	I ordered the Navajo taco with green chile and I was disappointed it was way to soggy and just turned to mush YUCK!! After looking at the pics people have posted I might give this place one more try since the nachos look really good.
5	Good food, friendly service, and tasty tastes. If and when they ever expand I will send everyone there. Until then, I won't, because I want there to be room enough to sit next to my woman.
5	Sunday! Sunday! Sunday!  BE THERE!  Two for one breakfast burritos and they kick ass! They're huge, too.  It's a small place and is usually pretty full, but it's worth the wait.  I can't wait to return.  Highly recommended.
4	If you have a hankering for a taste of New Mexico this place is the real deal.  I've been craving some carne adovada for some time now - a visit here satisfied that craving!  Good food, reasonable prices and well maintained.  I'll be back!
5	This is one amazing Tex-Mex joint...small locally owned and great Red or Green Chile!  Breakfast Burritos are half price on Wednesday....I always visit Carlito's when I visit Las Vegas....awesome food!
5	Great googly-moogly, this place is awesome.  Absolutely one of the best burrito shops on the eastside of town.If taquerias all carry a taste of their home region, Carlito's is the New Mexico taqueria and the theme is hatch chiles.  Spicy, delicious hatch chiles.  Red ones.  Oooohh ooooh ooohh, green ones.  It's a burrito shop.  And a damn good one, but what sets it aside as one of the best in town is the chile sauces.The green chile sauce is exceptional.  So good that you don't even need a burrito.  Their green chile stew is spicy and delicious--with well-prepared potatoes and beef.  Mmmm mmmm good.Add in the deliciousness of a tasty burrito--pork verde, carne adovada, carne asada, chicken.  Each one delicious.  And the option to get it smothered in cheese and the previously-mentioned delicious chile sauce.Flat out one of the best taquerias in Vegas.  A must visit for a Mexican food lover.
5	I could write a one-line review of this place--$10 for two cheese enchiladas, rice and beans, sopapilla, and a Mexican coke equals a happy belly. But I'll elaborate a bit.Yes, it is a great deal. Yes, the flavors are delicious. But the real winner here is the green chili sauce. Is this Adderall? No, it's Carlito's green chili. This sauce makes you feel good all over, like you were donating money to charity or listening to George Michael (both of which I did on the day in question, so obviously it was a super good day). What I liked second best about the place was not its sopapilla (but really, eat that thing first when it comes out when it's hot and melty--it's not as good cold) or its Mexican coke (hands up if you h8 high fructose corn syrup) but how you can pick your sides. I'm not one for refried beans, but black beans make my heart sing out with joy, so getting to be all democratic and have a choice in my Mexican side dishes is casting a vote and knowing your candidate will win and be successful in office--I rocked that vote, my friends.All of this is to say, try this place out. It's kind of in the middle of nowhere (as much as something can be in Vegas can be in this sea of suburbia, amirite?) but if you seek it out, you won't be disappointed.
5	There aren't enough good things that can be said about this place. I've been hitting Carlito's every weekend for months now, and I'm constantly pleased. The service is quick, the food is always fresh and delicious, and the atmosphere is great. If you're a Vegas local and have friends/family in town, take them to Carlito's and they'll thank you.
1	We have never been here before so we asked what the supposedly owner recommends. He pointed to his ridiculous menu board which is placed inconveniently high above his head. his comments were not helpful so we ordered a shrimp with chili verde  salsa burrito. It was huge, salty and bottle tasting. I dont know how they stay in business for mediocre food, but horrible  customer service.
5	Great food! I love the Carlitos burrito pork Verde. Always crowded though.
1	This place sucks....won't even come back to use the bathroom here, ordered a verde stuffed sopapilla, super fries and a burrito....the napkin would have made a tastier meal
5	Favorite burrito place in Vegas.  Anything you order is delicious. Breakfast burritos are bomb. Owner and staff are friendly. It's a small place but it's seems like everyone in the restaurant,(patrons and staff), are friendly and happy. You can only find such an ambiance in restaurants that serve excellent food.
5	Hole-in-the-wall. What does that mean? It means good!!! You don't come here because you want to look at pretty walls, sit at refinished wood tables, and smile at the ambiance. You go out to eat to hmmmmmm, "eat." I've only had the burritos here and they are GOOD! The pork is excellent, tender, juicy, and well-seasoned. The green chili sauce is a MUST!!! The burritos are HUGE and will be more than enough for the day. But, this is why we go to hole-in-the-wall places! We go to get large quantities of food, that tastes great, and we don't care about decor!!! If you don't enjoy it . . . let me help you, it's not you, it's your tastebuds . . . :)
5	I wished they would open a place in Los Angeles.  I would drive to Las Vegas just to eat here.  The green chile burrito is excellent....so are the green chile cheese fries.  The red burritos are just as tasty!
4	Being from Denver and all the outstanding mexican food there and the short trip to sante fe nm. I am quite familiar with really good mexican and new mexican food, Carlitos was a welcoming surprise, tastes like i am home and the portions are enough for 2-3 people. Red or green chile, carnitas.....you name frito pie, wow..awesome...
5	One thing worth missing about Albuquerque is the food. This restaurant brings the unique New Mexican cuisine I love to the city I love.
5	First of all, I have to preface this review by saying this is NOT Mexican food. It's New Mexican food, therefore it's American. Now, that being said, I LOVE this place! The food of New Mexico is so unique and different. The Navajo fry bread stuffed with  pork Adobada is incredible, and I get it almost everytime I go. The fries smothered with the green chiles and cheese are sooo good, still crispy and just perfect. It's always a tough decision on what to get because everything is great. The diable burrito is stuffed to the gills with huge shrimp, and their rice and beans are totally different than any kind you  can get anywhere else. I found the green chile to be spicier, and the red chile to be more earthier and smoky. If you can't decide, get them both in a version known as Christmas style, both red and green. And to top it all off, they even have their own signature beers for $1 a pint! It's a cool little hole-in-the-wall place with neat art from New Mexico, and you can buiy the chilies to go, either dried of made into their sauce. If you've never had the food of New Mexico, then this is the place for you to try some of their tasty food and experience their culture. I highly recommend it, and have never had a bad experience there. When I move, I'm gonna miss this place because I'm fairly sure there is no food like this available near Tampa. I LOVE Carlito's!! Vaya con Dios Yelpers!
4	HOLY MASSIVE BURRITO.This thing was a monster.  When i got it i'm thinking something comparable to like robertos burritos.  Big but manageable. but this place holy moly hahaha I'm 6'9" and a husky guy.  This burrito is 2 meals for me.  So if you're an average person... Expect a mexican thanksgiving meal.I had a combo burrito with veggies and chicken in it and it was pretty good.  The staff was very friendly.  And what was refreshing is that even though i'm new they didnt give me the "please hurry up and order attitude" The lady was just real courteous and kind of gave me that "let me help ya out" mom feel.  Also ordered smothered fries (a meal in itself unknowingly) and i'll admit i like it more than Roberto's carne asada fries.  I like this place a lot and when i want some comfort mexican food... I'm definitly going to return business here.
1	Gave this place a try twice and both times I wasn't impressed. From the tweeker chick at the counter to the food.
4	Starvin' like Marvin, we arrived for dinner on Thursday night around 7:30pm.  I'd heard how good this place was that served cuisine of New Mexico.  What does that mean?  Something to do with hatch chiles.  All I know is that it was some good eating.  I was so ready to eat that I have no pictures of the food.I had two chicken enchiladas, a red chile pork tamale, and a side of black beans; the beans were not necessary after all that food--I had two bites.  Boyfriend had a stuffed steak sopapilla, a tamale, and a side of rice.  Not much talking, lots of scarfing.  Everything was so delicious, fresh, and cheap for what we ordered.  This is one of those places that has so many good things on the menu that it's hard to decide, so take a gander before you go.  I want to return to try some other items, like the Navajo Taco and the dessert sopapilla, and next time I'll remember to save room.
4	Pop QuizWhy did the gurlpren and I decide to eat at Carlito's Burritos?A)  We were starving and looking for something closeB)  Because Alicia R (aka Yes) said this place was good and we had to try themC)  We haven't had Mexican food in a whileD)  Most of our Yelp friends gave them solid reviewsE)  All of the above.If you answered E, you're the 2nd smartest Yelper I know.  Carlito's is located on the southeast side of town and I have to admit, I'm a snob when it comes to Mexican food out here in the valley. Coming from San Diego, I never thought anyone out here would come close. Carlito's has changed my mind really quick.  But let me get one thing out of the way first.  When you drive up to this place, you see their sign that reads "Carlito's Burritos, New Mexican Restaurant".  That doesn't mean that this is a new establishment that serves Mexican food. It means that this is a restaurant that serves Mexican food from New Mexico.  Hah...I was one of those fools that misread their sign. Read the reviews, it's all about their burritos and tacos. But for me, it's all about their sopapillas, which is fry bread stuffed with chicken, shrimp, pork, or steak. Being the meat lover I am, I chose steak.  First impression...Man, this is a lot of food. I estimate around 8 oz of well prepared, well seasoned meat, stuffed into the fluffiest fry bread that I ever had. Top it off, it was literally topped off when red sauce. My meal was huge, but so good that my belly wouldn't allow me to quit until it was all gone.  Long story semi-long, try their sopapillas.  You won't be disappointed. Price is about average for most of their items. But the tacos and enchiladas are a steal of a price.  Big plus for service here. You get it with a smile, some convo, and of course, good food. PS: I also tried their chicken tamale and thought it was just okay. But that's just me.
5	Its hard for a New Mexican to find true "New Mexican" food. This place takes me back to my home town of Santa Fe, the variety of dishes will leave you many choices. You can always enjoy good conversation at the bar with its great employees!
3	Pros- as far as I can tell this is authentic New Mexican chili they serve here and its pretty tasty. Cheap beer and margaritas served hereOverall the portion sizes are very generousPrices are very good for what you get on the food as wellCons-Place is filthy and as the years go by a lack in pride of ownership is starting to showVery cramped with a poor layout. Its always uncomfortable to navigate your way past diners and ppl getting self serve fountain drinks as you make your way back to order. They need to rearrange that place because when busy its a nightmare to dine inFood quality has dimisnished in my opinion over the last 3 years.
5	Red or Green - this is the place!The food is consistently great.  Look for the daily specials.
4	First time at Carlito's and was worth the 20 minute drive. I had a chicken and black bean burrito smothered with green chile sauce. I added jalapenos, lettuce, onions and cilantro to it. They were quite generous with the green chile and the sauce was so tasty.  Also ordered the sides of rice, retried beans and the sopapilla.  The rice and beans were okay, but the sopapilla had me at the first bite. It was piping hot and we drizzled it with honey and it was amazingly delicious. Can't wait to go back and eat again.
4	A taste of New Mexico in Las Vegas.My husband and I saw the good yelp reviews so we dragged our four kids out to Carlito's Burritos.  It is not far from the LV strip.  If you like spicy food this is the place. There are also items for those  in your party that do not like spice.  My non spice eater enjoyed the cheese quesadilla.It is a small casual restaurant located in a strip mall.  You order the food then it is brought to your table.  Everything is served in aluminum containers that look like deep dish plates.  Depending on where you sit it can be a little cramped.  The menu was a little confusing at first, but if you hang in there you won't be disappointed.  I highly recommend anything with the green sauce, it was amazing, fresh and zesty.   We ordered the chips and salsa, the chips arrived warm and covered in an amazing chili powder that had great flavor,not to spicy.  They brought out a green and a red salsa with the chips.  Everyone loved the green tomatillo salsa, the red not so much.  I ordered the stuffed fry bread with chicken and smothered in green sauce.  It was very good, although I was expecting the fry bread to actually be crispy, it was more like an enchilada with all the sauce.  Still very good, the chicken was moist and delicious.  My husband had ordered the pork tamale, he ended up liking my item better.  My two son's ordered the cheese enchilada with red sauce.  I really enjoyed eating off their plate, the red sauce was perfect. Wish they would have had kid sized items.  My daughter (age 7) wanted a bean burrito; plain beans and tortilla.  I ended up paying $5 for a huge burrito that she only ate 1/4.We ended our meal with everyone getting a sopapilla.  We love this New Mexico dessert and have eaten it at a lot of restaurants over the years.  This is definitely one the best versions we have eaten.  It is a little more doughy than some, but it is not greasy at all.  It is light and fluffy and melts in your mouth.  Smothered in honey, we were all in heaven.  They are large so you could share, but we didn't.If you are in Las Vegas and want to avoid the craziness of the strip and just want some good food, I would highly recommend.
5	Found this place a couple of years ago through groupon and was hopeful, as my family is from New Mexico and I lived there for a while back in high school  I was not disappointed.  The prices are great, the portions large and they serve only Hatch chili!  When I discuss Carlito's with fellow New Mexicans, we agree that this is our hidden gem in Las Vegas for a taste of home.  Although it is a bit cramped and definitely a hole in the wall, the food is always consistantly good and service friendly.  This place is usually busy and definitely cramped.  Even got to eat next to the lovely Dina Titus during a busy Saturday morning.  Obviously, she knows where to get some good grub!People don't realize the diffierence between Mexican and New Mexican food and it really comes down the chili.  I love both but I can't live without my Hatch chili!  Everything I have had here is super tasty!  Love when they bring the BBQ pit out front and you can get racks of ribs to go at a super reasonable price.  Although everything has been great there, they have the best breakfast burritos I have ever had!  Sorry mom.  I always get the chorizo, smothered christmas tree style! (red and green chili for the novice)  For those who don't like the spicier side of life, they have other great options to satisfy your hunger pangs.  Just don't forget your sopapillas!  They will make your tastebuds so happy, you might forget the spice that just reaked havoc on your tongue!My opinion--GO!  TO CARLITO'S BURRITOS
4	Love this place! I have been coming here for years. The burritos are huge and always delicious. My favorite is the breakfast burrito with bacon. I will keep coming back to this place!
3	This place is very run down and not clean at all. The food was ok I had their chile verde burrito and ive had way better in other places. I also ordered pozole and I swear it was the most bland pozole in the world. The only thing that came out good was the eggs with bacon and string fries that my daughter ordered she loved them. One last thing is that the cashier that was there in the morning was a sweetheart she put a big smile on my daughters face lol....
5	Real New Mexico Chiles here .... In the food and for sell if you make your own green chile stew at home.Great food, outstanding atmosphere and service.Everything is made to order, so be patient!it WILL be worth it!
5	Now this is real New Mexican food. I've been searching for decent New Mexican food for a long time and haven't found any until now. I came across Carlito's Burritos on Yelp and decided to give it a try based on the great reviews. They use actual hatch chiles. I had enchiladas Christmas style and they were right on point. My wife had the vegetarian burrito smothered Christmas style (ofcourse) and she loved it. My daughter ordered the Frito pie and it was a little too spicy for her. I ended up eating it and loved it. Next time i'm in Vegas, this is the first place that I will visit.
5	Many have waxed poetic about the splendor of burritos.   Statues have been erected in their honor as a token of appreciation to their flexibility of ingredients, their filling nature, and, of course, their deliciousness.  Wait, there aren't really burrito statues across the world?  We should get on that.  As a result of the existence of this amazing food invention, you trek to your local Chipotle once a week for lunch and gorge yourself silly while pointing and laughing at those across the street at Taco Bell.Well what if I told you that there existed a place in Las Vegas that went above and beyond what you get when you visit Chipotle, Robertos, or heaven forbid Taco Bell for your burrito needs?  THIS IS THE BEST BURRITO IN LAS VEGAS   Full disclosure:  there are probably 120 other burritos I have yet to try here, but I'm not above hyperbole for my reviews.Yes, the place is way too small and seats are way too closely spaced for their own good.   We sat in the last table for 4 available on a Friday evening and I had to eat my entire meal as if I were in a straitjacket.   I didn't care.   I ordered a Pork Verde Carlito's Burrito smothered with Green Chile and some Jalapenos on top.   You know that cliche from movies and TV shows where people eat something delicious and are constantly going "Mmmmm" and exclaiming how good what they're eating is?   I became that cliche.  The pork was incredibly tender and flavorful, and the flavor of the green chile smothering it will make it hard for me to ever eat another dry burrito again.   This is not a small portion either.  For $7.25 I thought the amount of amazing burrito I received was worth it's weight in gold.   Here's the kicker:  I was still hungry afterwards.   Not hungry in the sense of "that 3 lbs of pork and chile and tortilla has left my stomach empty", but hungry in the "I want to eat every single thing on this menu right now"    Everyone at my table seemed happy, though my friend who got the Frito Pie may have exploded before he made it home as none of us have ever heard from him again (kidding)For drinks we got some margaritas to start which I found to be very weak.  Very syrupy and not enough tequila for my liking, but for $3.00 I kind of expected that.   Then I braved a Michelada because I'd never had one before and I'll try anything once.   Never again, but I was glad I tried it.   On my third choice I settled for Modelo on draft and like Goldilocks, it was juuuuust right.  Cramped, too crowded, too chaotic, bad margaritas?   Check, check, check, check.   5 stars just for the burrito?   Yup.   Let the first burrito statue we erect in Vegas bear the name of Carlos.
4	A local's hole in the wall but you don't come to Carlito's for the ambiance.   You come for the food and the $1 drafts / $3 marguaritas.   If you're gonna complain about the seating and lines, stay away.  We come here for the great food and drink at reasonable prices.   A real gem for Mexican in LV.
5	Been a regular for some time but just realized I've never actually given a review.  Carlito's is a local favorite of mine and for whatever reason, my co-workers disagree.  I personally think anybody who doesn't appreciate this place is just so confused by commercialized "Mexican food" that they lack an ability to appreciate something new and moreover, authentic.  I've spent a lot of time in New Mexico and have never been able to find an establishment outside of the Land of Enchantment offering fare equally fresh & unique.  Low & behold, Carlito's is here to save the day!  I no longer have to drive 8 hours to find a place that knows what "Christmas tree" really means.  I no longer have to get on a plane to find an Indian Taco or Tortilla Burger.  I can get my fix on Route 66 right here in Vegas!  If you're expecting Taco Bell "Mexican food" go home.   But if you want something fresh and high quality, give Carlito's a try.  Best "NEW Mexican Food" outside of New Mexico!
4	Fajita Fridays!!!! Great Staff and delicious food.
5	This place is really good if you like the genuine New Mexico flavor (which I do). One of the better things about this place is that you can get Hatch green chilies in bulk. I always get the ones that are peeled, diced, and frozen. They go great in homemade salsa or scrambled eggs.
5	This is a review by proxy. My mom grew up in New Mexico and is a Mexican Food expert. She waxes poetic about this place. The green chile is amazing and its classic NM food. The rice and beans are perfect. It's classic New Mexican food. Only place like it in Vegas.
3	My first experience with Carlito's and they were out of RICE.  Isn't rice a major staple for Mexican food??? I wasn't told until I had already ordered & was sitting at a table waiting for several minutes. It was still early in the day (lunchtime).  I felt like it was a little early to run out of rice - poor planning.  I had ordered a veggie burrito; so, the rice was a significant ingredient for me - very disappointing.  I decided to go ahead & see what it tasted like anyway.  I was encouraged by the flavor of the green chile and the red chile.  Thus, the higher rating.
5	Food is awesome.  I have my colleagues hooked on the breakfast burritos, I stop by every Wednesday for the half price deal.Grew up in Los Angeles and have had a solid sampling of different styles of burritos and Carlitos is the best.  Their chiles take it over the top.
4	While I haven't been to this restaurant. I'm seated at the Hilton Hotel and my local bartender is raving about This restaurants green chilies. I'll have to try it.
4	Dang! I should have tried this place sooner. It's a small spot kind of tucked away in a shopping complex but they a have a big bright sign and you can't miss it. It's pretty tiny inside but they have a good amount of seating and a nice little bar area up front.The food was excellent! I've been seeing all the picture of those smothered burritos and had to have one. I went with the pork verde then added rice and beans. The pork itself was super tender, I loved the green sauce and their burritos are huge! My wife and son shared the chicken fajitas which they loved. They give you a lot of toppings for the fajita's and I believe the tortillas are homemade...awesome on both dishes. On the smothered burrito, the green sauce starts to soak in the tortilla making it really soft and chewy...sooooo good!Biggest downer of this place for me...the chips. They have really good salsas and an excellent guacamole but the chips fell short in a big way. I don't know what the seasoning is on them but it lacks any salt and it's really plain. Add a little salt and they're better but still kinda disappointing. Otherwise I really liked Carlito's and will definitely be going back. Can't beat excellent food with cold beers for a cheap price!
5	This place rocks.  Great green chile pork and carne adovado.  They sell fresh roasted hatch chiles once a year.  Buy a satchel!
5	Great food!  New Mexico style Mexican food made with Hatch Green Chile...this place does it right!  What a great place to have in LV.  Small dining area and a little out of the way but well worth the trip.  Try the Green Chile Stew.
4	I was referred here by a friend and he was spot on.  The pork verde burrito - NOT enchilada style with a side of fresh serrano chiles was fantastic.  All meat - not chunks of fat - perfectly cooked and priced right.  I will be back - great food.
5	Spicy, spicy, spicy!!!  Now that that is out of the way, I thoroughly enjoyed my eating experience here.  I recently moved from the San Diego area, so I am very particular about my Mexican food and have been hesitant to try out a new place for fear of disappointment.  Carlito's came up in my search for Mexican food and this NEW Mexican burrito did not disappoint!  I ordered the pork verde burrito wet to go.  My order came out quickly and the portions are huge!  The staff was also friendly, which is certainly a must for me.  I will definitely be returning here again.  I am anxious to see what their other menu choices have to offer.
3	Burritos were ok, Tex Mex with American Flavors. Its OK for lunch
4	This place makes the best burrito. You can order it with pico de gallo, cheese, and hot sauce. The steak inside the burrito makes it so delicious. The restaurant is a little ways from the strip but it is worth the drive to eat here. The inside has tv with sports and tables and chairs. It is pretty small. The burrito again is the best though.
1	Carlito's was disappointing, first thing I noticed when I walked in the door was that the menu items were misspelled for example "Pozole" was spelled "Posole" I knew we were in trouble! dun, dun, dunnnn! The sopapilla tasted bland. No flavor, no texture, nothing. I would've enjoyed a KFC biscuit a lot better. My girlfriend was having hot flashes in the smoldering restaurant. The New Mexican art they had on the walls were tacky and not art. From Mexico with love :)
4	If your from New Mexico or just love New Mexico green chile, this is the place to go.  It is the only place on Las Vegas/Henderson to serve authentic, fresh New Mexico Hatch green chile.  We have been buying 30 pound bags of the stuff from them for years now. The food is amazing and fast. The environment if very casual and relaxing.  You can order anything from a smothered burrito with green chile, red chile, or Christmas style (both) to stuffed sopapillas and Frito pie.  It has all the great flavors of New Mexico.  The only thing missing form the menu is a green chile burger (can't understand why they don't sell these!)  Everything is great though and prices are cheap.
5	What a great find. If you like a good spicy meal, might I recommend the following:Tamale smothered with Red sauce. You'll want to include the Calabacitas in the same plate. If that isn't enough for you, add a small bowl of Green Chile Stew. We call this the Tim Special. Don't think you can order it that way yet...but maybe over time they'll add it to their menu.
5	I've always been a big fan of New Mexican cuisine. So i was excited to see someone in Las Vegas is making food from there exclusively. This place rocks. the ambiance is cool. Southwestern art, Indian pictures, etc. very awesome vibe.Very simply this place is New Mexico plopped down in Las Vegas. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Everything is authentic, hot, fresh, and a plate of awesome. The burritos are the size of a 6 month old baby and can fill you up for the whole day. The green sauce is made with real "Hatch" chile's. can't wait to try the Indian Taco's Like to give a shout out to the owners. Thank you for bringing N.M. to Las Vegas. Keep up with the great food!!
5	I grew up in New Mexico and this place feels, smells and tastes like home to me. Highly recommend the carne adovada and the pork verde Navajo taco.
4	So good! First time here & everything was great! Green sauce was super hot - but in a good way & tacos were delicious! Definitely recommend.
5	This place had the best tacos I had on my whole trip in the US. It is a great little place with enough seating options and the service is fast. If you are in Las Vegas and look for something off strip then I would recommend this place.
4	Love the soda options here (the horchata of course) along with my food.  Tried it after some great recommendation and was told the pork verde would be the best.  Knowing myself, I would most likely choose a terrible dish with my luck.  I did get the Carlitos burrito pork verde and knowing if I'm going to be unhealthy for once, I better get it smothered.  Wrong decision there with the smothered adovado sauce as I wasn't a fan of it.  I'm glad I did get the pork verde as the chunks of meat on this thing was huge and tender.  I ended up eating only half after my buffet at the soda machines and taking the rest home along with the smell of the place on my clothes.  I think next time, I would love to get it not smothered and to thrown in those good looking nachos I had my eyes on throughout the night of other people's orders.  Definitely a place if you want a fix on some tender meat at a decent price.
5	Crazy good taste, amazing portions for the price.  This is what I want a yelp 5star place to be.  A really good find that food is awesome and I wouldn't have found it otherwise.  You're welcome.
4	Another bookmark. Check. Based on my rule of thumb, I usually get the namesake because it should be a safe pick right?So I get the Carlito's Burrito. Peep this. Double meat (no rice or beans). Your choice of meat. (Beef, Chicken, Chorizo, Carne Adovada, or Pork Verde for 7.35) Steak is 8.35 and Shrimp is 8.95.You can choose to smother it enchilada style for a dollar more. You can add complimentary toppings upon request. (Lettuce, Tomatoes, Onions, Cilantro, Salsa, Pico De Gallo, Pickled Jalepenos, and Serrano Peppers)Guacamole is 75 cents and Sour Cream is 50 cents.I chose steak with everything except for the Guacamole and Sour Cream. They ask you if you want the red or green sauce. They told me the green sauce was more spicy so I got the red. (I still ended up sweating profusely so I am assuming the green must be really spicy)The taste? Pretty good! You have chunks of steak mixed with all the fixins. Every bite was as good as the last. If you refer to my pic, the size of the thing can be intimidating. But if you are really hungry you should be able to finish it.Service was decent. You order, pay, wait, and receive your food. Enjoy. Keep in mind since they only have one register, on really busy days you just might wait a while.Location. Ummm, its a decent sized place for where its at. From the outside it looks small, but when you come in, there are enough tables and chairs for about 20 people.So next time, I will try other some of the other tasty options since the Carlito's Burrito was so good.
4	I finally got a chance to try this spot not to long ago. It was really good! I had the Carlitos Shrimp Burrito and payed the extra $1 to make it wet with cheese on top. The price is very reasonable too. The staff behind the bar was friendly and it looks like they had some mixed drinks and beer available. The reason for the 4 and not 5 is the size of the place. It felt very very cramped. Also I plan on going back and and trying other items so if they are just as good ill raise it because then the size of the place won't matter.
3	As a Native New Mexican new to Las Vegas I have heard everyone rave about Carlito's and how authentic it is.  I rate this based on my order of the Huevos Rancheros Xmas(both red and green chile), Sopapilla, salsa chips and guac and my buddy got the breakfast burrito.  The breakfast burrito was done very poorly and should not be something NM food is judged off of (1 star).  The flavor of the green chile (couldn't really taste the red) salsa, guac, chips, whole pinto beans, and pork verde was excellent and I would give those all 4-5 stars. The sopapilla was undercooked which is always disappointing but I understand it happens (1 star).  I will go back to try the frito pie, and green chile stew as I imagine those will be excellent.   The horchata was also watered down so just get something else.  So not all bad I think it's a good place to go and could very well be a 4 or 5 if you don't try some of the stated items.
4	I've never had New Mexico fare, but I have to say it is delicious. I tried a pork Tamale (red sauce), a chicken Tamale (green sauce) and a Navajo Taco - all were wonderful. That great heat flavor, without being overpowered, was soooo good.This is a great family owned, personable place to enjoy a casual, family friendly meal.The next time I'm around this side of Vegas, I'm returning for another meal!
5	I thought again about our visit and you are right Dave - 5 stars is what it was. Service was right up there with the perfectly cooked food!
3	The food was decent. I had a loaded carne asada burrito which was pretty tasty. I did not consider it to be authentic Mexican food, but would not have a problem eating here again if I were in the area. I would not go out of my way to eat here.
5	Dont get in the way of a HUNGRY MAN ready to order. I have never been disappointed. Everything is delicious.
5	Authentic New Mexico style cuisine. Excellent food, excellent prices, fantastic green and red chili from New Mexico. Simply the best in town.
5	Carlitos, New Mexico style. Slightly hot sauces, but oh, what flavor!  Recommend the burritos (any) chicken enchiladas and the pork, very tender!  Ask for Joe's Special. Maybe you shouldn't go there, I don't want to be waiting for a table. :-)
5	I really like this place, everything they have is great, large portions and whatever you get, get it smothered. And don't forget the sopapilla with honey.
4	Greatest local place to eat for not much $$ great service and the food is always amazing consistency is important to me especially in a local place. They nail it every time. The green chile is always hot!!  Tacos are bomb and draft beer is a steal great place any day of the week
4	Love the food. Haven't been here for a long time and they have new waitress/cashier and they just don't listen very well to customers orders.
3	I went there today on the recommendation of a coworker who was working with me. It's kind of a small, hole in the wall, strip mall location. That's not a negative, some of the best food I've had, has been in small, out of the way places. I had a Carlito's Beef Burrito Smothered. (ground beef  double-meat, no veggies, smothered with green chile sauce), and a fountain soda. The burrito was large, drenched in green chile sauce. It was good, the flavor of New Mexico food, which I like.The fountain soda were of the Coke genre. They also had bottle Mexican soda (the kind with sugar, instead of HFCS). The had Horchata, Jamaica and Orange in the bubbling fountain dispensers.My coworker had a chicken bowl with salad on it, he said it was good.My coworker also explained at Hatch chile time of year, they roast the chiles in the parking lot there.I don't spend a lot of time on that side of town, but if I was in the area, I would definitely eat there again. Give them a try.
5	The short:  Absolutely AMAZING!  Go try it NOW!The long: Carlito's Burritos is easily my new favorite place to eat.  Not just my new favorite New Mexican place to eat.  I cannot believe I waited so long to try this wonderful place, and now all the buzz and reviews make sense.  I placed a to go order with a friend.  We ordered a combo burrito and tacos.  The burrito was absolutely gigantic.  And when they "smother" a burrito, they really mean "drown" it - but in the best way possible (if there is a good way to drown something, I mean).  It was packed with meat and all the "fixins."  The tacos were absolutely to die for.  They are crispy but not greasy.  The steak was amazing; perfectly cooked and full of flavor.  They were topped with the freshest and most delicious lettuce and tomatoes I have had from a restaurant.  Straight from the garden ya'll.We ordered a few sides, too.  The refried beans are killer; they are not smashing smooth, they have a really nice texture and amazing flavor.  The rice wasn't great, but I'm not holding that against them.  Just not my type of flavor.  The green chile stew was super yummy, but very spicy.  The yelp 5 star rating says it all: "Woohoo!  As good as it gets!"
2	Last Saturday, my family split in two. Kinda.I took our daughter to Disney on Ice (Princess edition) & my husband took our son rock climbing. They ended up at Nevada climbing centers so after the sweet princess show was over, we met them at NCC. We contemplated for a whole 2 minutes what to eat when Carlito's Burritos popped up on my nearby restaurants! I've had this place bookmarked for a couple of weeks and was super excited to be close.We get into Carlitos. It is small, yet cozy. The walls are painted bright and there are pictures and decor everywhere. The lady who took our order was SO sweet. She kept complimenting my children and was very thorough when taking our order considering it was our first time. I ended up getting the chicken nachos with green chilli and jalapenos on the side where my husband got the spicy pork smothered in green chilli and cheese. Our food came out shortly after and we dug in. I shared my nachos with my kids because they were so large, but as soon as the food was brought to us, and I touched the top layer of cheese, I noticed it was cold....As I begin spooning out portions of nachos to my children, I notice that the cheese underneath the top broiled layer wasn't melted. My son who usually has the appetite of a teenager, especially for nachos, didn't want to finish his share and neither did my daughter (although she's pretty unreliable when it comes to eating anyway). I still ate my cold nachos because I felt bad after taking so much out of it, to be sending it back. I should have stopped when my stomach was telling me that it wasn't jiving. On the other hand, my husband's burrito was DELICIOUS. It was so warm and smothered that it made me resent my nachos even more. Every bite of his cozy burrito made my nachos seem even colder. The green chilli isn't too spicy, but it sure is tasty!! In the end, I wasn't able to finish my nachos, even when sharing with my children. I can easily finish a tray of Roberto's nachos single handedly, and then some, just to give you an idea of the size. Later that night and the next day, my stomach wasn't the same. It churned all night and was the saddest tummy ever. I really really hope the chicken was fully cooked before it was thrown into the broiler to not get warm at all, but I'm not certain.... Sadly, because of this experience, I won't be back. My stomach will never forgive me if I return.
5	I love this place! I've eaten at this place several times for lunch when I worked on the east side of town and have never been disappointed. The burritos are Huge!. I've taken my son and daughter in law and they loved it too. They've gone back and said their breakfast burritos are the "bomb". I so wish there was one on the west side.
5	Real NM food. We have searched for good New Mexican food since moving here in Aug 2012 from NM. This place is great, red and green are both good! Love the real coca colas from Mexico , too. They sell frozen Bueno chile and frozen hominy. We love the red Navajo taco with carne adovada, the enchiladas (red carne and green chicken ) , and the stuffed red sopapillas with carne adovada . Finally a place that cooks they way we like it!!! Our daughter goes to school in AZ , and she was so happy to get real New Mexican food, cannot find this in AZ!
4	3.5 stars, I rounded up. Always looking out for the little guy. I was going to try Carlito's one more time before I wrote a review. My first visit was less than stellar. But TBH, with so many go-to places in my neighborhood, not to mention over 3 pages of bookmarks, the chances of me returning to Carlito's in the near future is small. My 3.5 stars is partially my fault. I wasn't hungry at all but the bf loves Mexican so I looked up my Yelp bookmarks and saw Carlito's. Big mistake. Firstly Carlito's isn't Mexican, like Taco y Taco, imo it's more Americanized Mexican. The restaurant boasts that it's New Mexican (as in, from New Mexico). I've never been to New Mexico, but the cuisine seems to revolve around the Hatch green and red chile. Their burritos are overstuffed, huge monstrosities, wrapped into a flour tortilla, then smothered with a chile sauce, and a slopping of cheese. Forgive the faux pas, but it reminds me of the Green Burrito, maybe the Carlito's burritos are bigger. They are absolutely delicious if you're drunk, sixteen, or just got out of prison. I got their chicken salad, a huge monstrosity of shredded lettuce, beans, tomatoes cheese and chile. It was ok, nothing special. The thing that sets Carlito's apart is their over abundant use of the green chile. I do love Hatch chile but I'm no connoisseur. Maybe I have to taste more bad green chiles to truly appreciate the Hatch. All I know is Carlito's does not skimp on their chiles. It is in everything and it is in abundance. So, if Hatch chiles are your thing, you'll love this place. I also got their sopapilla (yuck) and their calabacitas (cut up squash). Dunno, maybe New Mexican cuisine isn't for me, I wasn't impressed. But one day when I'm famished I want to try their deep fried stuffed sopapilla. I wasn't too thrilled with the set-up of the place. Their soda station is right next to the line for the cashier. It's a small place that gets packed. So it was uncomfortable trying to stand in line while people were cutting in to get their drinks. I did like the artwork hanging on their walls and they were for sale. In the future, I will try this place again, but I will come hungry.
5	I had a really good first experience here. They have a really good reputation and a couple of times I wanted to come but it was TOO full lol.I finally stopped by and I the lady was super helpful.She just had the perfect way for you to order while explaining to you what you are getting.I got a Carlito's burrito. It was all meat. I didn't get it with beans or anything. The steak they use is delicious. You can get red or green sauce and also can get it smothered. I got christmas which was red and green mixed.My food was good! We got a frito pie also which was huge! The sauces are spicy but SO GOOD! I joined the mailing list and I was happy to get an email. I thought the lady was lying.All in all awesome service and awesome food.
5	OMGosh, I absolutely love the food here. I brought my aunt in for dinner, this evening, and she was very impressed and even ordered some more food to take home. It's a little taste of home without having to travel 8 hours to get it.
5	So, after a few more visits I have to say I really love this place. Prices are so reasonable, it's ridiculous. The portions are huge, I almost always have to share to get through a whole order.After seeing their post for Super Bowl bbq and catering, we couldn't resist ordering the nacho bar. We picked the fixings up the morning of the game and there was so much food for the very small price tag we had to pay. The ingredients were fresh and we were thrilled with everything. The game was a bore but luckily our nacho bar and good company made the party a complete success.
5	If you haven't tried this place, you are missing out. You need to get in your car, buy a Carlito's burrito, ask for it smothered in green chili and taste it; you can thank me for the tip later. The nachos too have this sweet spice on it and even when you're at the bottom cause you ate all your nachos in one sitting, you'll still find cheesy goodness at that last bite waiting for you. Great place.
4	This is a classic spot to take out of town guests who want to get off the Strip and see how the locals live.    This place has it all:  small, noisy bistro with great prices and a rocking Southwestern cuisine.  We've been four or five times and although the wife experiments with the menu, I cannot get past that Green Chile Steak Sopapilla, which is one of my favorite dishes of this decade.  Go in and just order it.
4	This place is pretty pricy I have to say. I ordered a breakfast Burritto like everyone else. The confusing thing about this place is them asking you what kinds of chili would you like. The green chili was spicy but very flavorful. The red wasn't so great.  It tasted powdery. Overall the burrito was big and lots of flavor.  A little dry though.  Will definitely come back to try a different kind.
4	This local Mexican joint is down the road from me a such a gem to the neighborhood!While putting in my order, the nice lady upfront gave me lots of good suggestions. She took such initiative, I was almost certain she was the owner. Upon asking her if this was her store, she shook her head and said that she was just a staff. If only all businesses had staff like her! Turns out you can't really go wrong with anything on the menu. Our group of friends ordered just about everything and let our forks fly without borders.The portions are splendidly gianormous. Order a platter and split that sucker in half to save for later. I love big portions- it means I don't have to cook lunch for work the next day! All orders also come with 'special' bread. Dip the bread in a tub of honey and you'll feel like you just entered into carb mecca. What a wonderful feeling it is!
5	I come on Tuesday. Tacos Tuesday to be exact. Dollar soft or hard tacos for a dollar. Dollar draft beer. Ask for green sauce and wrap your meal up with a stuff sopapilla! Come on other days too because the food here is bomb!
4	Hmm, not sure what I've been doing not reviewing these guys.I first tried them a few months back for the Navajo Taco. It was a bit of nostalgia for me as I had had a really gigantic version of this dish a long time ago on a Grand Canyon tour. The Carlito's version comes in a metal tin (like a lot of their dishes do, apparently) and has a lot of meat (I chose pork verde over carne adovada), shredded cheddar, lettuce, and tomatoes. It was pretty enjoyable, but not enough so that I would go back every day. I haven't felt the urge to try it again yet.The second time I went was so that I could finally take advantage of their Sunday all-day 2-for-1 breakfast burritos. The basic burrito is scrambled eggs, hash browns, cheddar, and red or green chile for $5.50, but I did the one meat option for $6.50. Yes, that's two for $6.50 at the special price.I tried all the meats, and chorizo is definitely the best, with bacon a reasonable but not so meaty second and the sausage and ham options not really providing anything special that would make me want to order them ever again. I'm probably going to stock up on 6 of these or so one of these days for an entire week of breakfast burrito-y goodness.Carlito's is simply a great, cheap local spot for New Mexican cuisine. Try to go at off-peak hours because seating and walkways are really cramped in there.
3	The food is killer. The service always sucks. Always. I keep coming because I love the grub but every time I come here the people working have terrible attitudes.
5	Okay, after visiting Albuquerque twice in the last 2 months, I was hopelessly addicted to New Mexican cuisine. BTW, it is a world of difference from Mexican cuisine okay? I was dreading coming back home to Vegas and having severe NM food jones. The 550-mile drive was also a bit severe just to get a fix.Imagine my surprise when I stumbled upon this place!!! Oh man oh man :-))) Sheer delight when asked by cashier whether I wanted Red or Green (the only question that matters in NM) and I replied "Christmas!", she gave me a knowing wink & asked a follow-up, "Smothered?" & I nodded 'YEAH!' like a grateful puppy dog. As if I needed further affirmation, the place was filled with diners in red (t-shirts, sweatshirts etc) with Los Lobos emblazoned on. Apparently, this is the only NM cuisine place in town and I am as happy as a high desert wolf when the moon is full.Carlito's totally rocks. Everybody who likes extra zing in their food, come on down here!!!
4	First time to eat here and it was great! Nice place with paintings to admire while waiting (these are for sale you can check them out). Staff were really nice and served the food fast. Though I only ordered Sopapilla, I'd say, I will be back to try other food on the menu! Spicy food people should really come here. Plus, I love that they have Coca Cola!!
5	This place is a hidden gem. Obviously locals in the area know about it because the staff knows almost everyone by name. Tuesday's after 4p are $1 taco night but I can't get away from the chile verde smothered burrito. A mound of molten goodness. Make sure to sign up for their club to get specials.
5	Alright, so I finally went back and it was perfect! The staff was awesome and I got the Carlito's Burrito with Carne Adovada christmas and WOW.  They really impressed me this time. The salsa, guac and chips were perfect as always.  I will be back to try your Frito Pie!!
5	Sunday they have 2 for 1 Breakfast Burrito's that are Outrageous!$1 Drafts are always appreciatedAnd Da Nachos are FantasticFYI... Green Pork is the Best
5	Love love love this place. Today trying something new, trying their tri tip sandwich. I can not wait it looks and smell superb.
5	Best green chili I've had since I was in Colorado. Busy as heck on a Sunday morning but so worth the wait. friendly service and great prices.I had the huevos rancheros and they were kind enough to smother the hash browns with the green chili the same way I'm used to having it in Colorado. Definitely will be back. 5 stars. Can't miss!! The best in town!
5	Don't judge a book by its cover. And, don't judge a New Mexican food place by its exterior. Vital life lessons.The food is fantastic. For my gringo tastebuds, the green chili sauce is a little spicy, but the flavor is amazing. I had the chicken burrito, and I'm pretty sure they used a whole chicken given the size of this thing. The ground beef was also delicious, and not at all the cheap tasting product that so many ground beef burritos are. It was 11am, so sadly I didn't try the margaritas (though it was five o'clock in Praia--an "island nation off the coast of Senegal--thanks Wikipedia!). But my co-eaters espoused their deliciousness--I'll give them a shot next time. Staff was friendly and I fully anticipate being back the next time I'm in Las Vegas.
5	I was born and raised in New Mexico and grew up with New Mexican food. My family made it from scratch so my standard is high. This place has the best NM chile and the food is the closeting thing to being back home taste in NV. Find out the difference between New Mexican and Mexican food by stoping by.
5	Had lunch and breakfast here on a 13 day trip to Vegas.  Would've came more often if I'd found it earlier.Lunch was carne Asada and chorizo burrito smothered Christmas style, with a side of green chile stew and a $1 draft beer (yes, really $1).   Burrito was great, but be prepared for HEAT, esp with the green chile.  Beer was icy cold.Breakfast was an "everything" breakfast burrito with red chile sauce inside, way less heat and also delicious.
4	How this place has been here without me knowing about it seems somewhat impossible! I love Mexican food, I love green chilies, and they have Indian fry bread tacos?!?! Ok, so the fry bread is called the "Navajo" taco and to me isn't even their best attribute. The best thing about this place? THEY SERVE 3 ENCHILADAS INSTEAD OF 2!!! Maybe that's not a big deal to you, but 2 cheese enchiladas is just almost enough, every time! Also, you can choose green or red sauce with everything, EVEN SALSAS! Which you should splurge and get the extra chips, salsas, and house mad guac. I think they only have one location, and it is for sure a family operation. I have always seen regulars when I go, and been treated like I am one. I have yet to actually try a burrito, but between the tacos and enchiladas, I am always happy. I have dined in as well as gotten take out orders and never once been disappointed. This place could expand and I hope if they do, they keep everything the same. No need to change what is already great.
4	This is gr8 place to go for breakfast burritos! They are huge and on the weekends they are bogo! Good food and good service for counter orders.
5	2nd trip for breakfast! Wow even better. It was early Saturday morning after I finished a project in the neighborhood so I found myself all alone in the place. Greeted right away. Had my favorite huevos this time with chorizo. Wow spicy good enjoyed every bite. Still have a the navajo taco on my bucket list. Maybe tonight. Greatest green chili in the valley hands down!
5	Veggie burrito with calabacitas(kinda spicy veg) is addicting smothered in green or red sauce or both (Xmas style). Green chile cheese cake is delicious.  Independently owned. dollar pints.  So much better than Roberto's  and the same price!  My co-worker from NM takes 2 buses to get to get to carlitos the food is that awesome.
5	The best New Mexico style Mexican food in Vegas, stop by and check it out, love the food! Beer, wine and margaritas available!
5	A couple of my friends always eat here, so after checking reviews on yelp we decided to give it a try. Hubby and I both liked what we had for lunch and plan to have their breakfast sometime soon!
3	This place is definitely the home away from home for all of you who are from New Mexico. I had heard from 2 different New Mexican natives that this is the spot for New Mexican Cuisine. I came in on a Thursday around noon and this place was packed! I live around the area and I've always wanted to try them since I heard such good things about Carlitos. I finally had my chance last week. I ordered the sopapilla since that's their signature dish, right? I sat at the counter area right next to the cash register since I couldn't really find any other spots nor did I want to take an entire table to myself considering how busy they were. My order was served to me pretty quick and I was kind of shocked because it was busy and it's made to order type of thing. I was honestly a little bit underwhelmed by my order. The inside was just some kind of white fluff and the meat was just alright. I guess you really have to be from New Mexico to appreciate this kind of stuff. Although other patrons were ordering an assortment of different dishes that sounded delicious. I don't know if I will come back here and may just opt for somewhere like Cafe Rio.
5	Where to start?Everything from the Carlito's burrito or Navajo Tacos to the Green Chili Stew and Sopapillas  is great.Again, everything is made to order, so there is almost always a wait, but it is well worth it.Highly recommend
5	Two dozen times eating and never a bad visit! Green chili fries very good!! The beer is always cold , staff always friendly and remember you if you become a regular. The place is a little small so if you see a table you better grab it. Don't be in a rush to get your food because nothing is pre made. So have a drink enjoy your company or make a new friend.
5	Out of this world- Huge- Yummy Burritos!  ***  2 for 1 Burritos on Sundays!***  The price is already great-- this is a steal!
5	Two dozen times eating and never a bad visit! Green chili fries very good and for me Negra Modelo is the best draft beer with lime!!
5	The ironic thing about Las Vegas is the fact that despite being located in the middle of the desert, good Mexican food can be hard to find. As a native New Mexican, this place keeps me sane. Honest-to-God Hatch green chile, tender carne avodaba, sopapillas to cry for...this place has it all!
4	This is a hole in the wall type of restaurant. Very small. I think it's pretty authentic when it comes to mexican food. It is family owned so when you come in the faces are usually the same and they very warm & welcoming. I usually get the Green Chili Stew which is by far my favorite from the menu. It's pretty spicy, has an extreme kick to it. If your palette can't handle spiciness, I wouldn't recommend this stew. The portions are pretty good size. I've ordered chicken nachos here before and boy were they good and I wouldn't have been able to finish it by myself.The Sopapillas are delish as well. I usually just get it regular without any add ones. They bring out honey to put on it. Oh my gosh, it is so warm fluffy. yum!They have $3 margaritas everyday so that's a plus. Prices are reasonable. Overall, great place!
4	I ordered chicken nachos with the works. Delicious! Each bite was filled with crunch and evenly distributed cheese. I'm not a fan of excess black olives, beans, and sour cream but I was surprised how everything had just the right amount.  Nothing was overbearing! The flavors are just the right amount of spicy and they don't skimp on cheese like others! (Cough--Robertos)Very impressed by not only the presentation and taste, but the fair pricing. The only thing I could say bad is that I have to reheat my leftovers in another container bc the to-go is in aluminium (microwave).This is my first time here. I want to try more dishes before giving 5 stars.
4	Love this place. Great green chile and the fry bread is just too yummy. Check out their weekday specials and also the Saturday tri tip or ribs they have during the day. YUM!
2	Chicken and beef enchiladas and steak burrito were just average.  The spice really overwhelms any other flavors and the meats were low quality.
5	Love this place. Stopped in today before our trip to Ca. I am definitely a regular. My favorite is their breakfast burrito smothered woth green sauce. Yum
5	A little taste of home! In New Mexico there are burrito drive thru joints that have a very distinct home cooked NM flavor. I never thought I'd find that flavor in Las Vegas. I am beyond excited! I had no idea this place existed. I was reading The View and came across an ad/coupon, so we went on a Sunday morning. To our surprise, every Sunday is BOGO burrito day! I opted for the breakfast burrito with green chili (of course!) and ham; my boyfriend did the same with chorizo. So very delicious. Chorizo has a kick, so keep that in mind. Grabbed a to go menu and am beyond ecstatic that they have stuffed sopapillas!!!! Oh and freshly made margaritas is also on my next visit list! Cannot wait to return!Sunday was busy but the staff (owners..?) were SO friendly and welcoming. We waited about 15-20 minutes for our to go order, but it was worth every minute.What are you waiting for? Go check this place out!!!
5	The chicken combo burrito is damn good. I get it nearly every week. While the quality of the chicken may vary at times, it's usually on point. Get it with the calabacitas and call it a day (or lunch). I can put it down, but I assume it'll be too big for some so take a burrito buddy b/c you are not allowed to waste this delicacy.
4	Really enjoyed food was very surprised by the amount of people that were at the location. Great taco Tuesday idea, felt warm and friendly. Had two $1 tacos and 2 carne asada. I will def be going back to dine in and request hotter salsa! Lots of flavor and felt like home
4	I tried a green chili pork Tamale and their special of the day Chile Relleno. I really loved the Chile Relleno. Crisp on the edges, plenty of melty cheese inside. The rice and beans were hot and fresh. Great!! I will definitely revisit.It's tight on room in the dining area, and the line to order takes up half the room. There is a friendly atmosphere that made it feel like friends and family.
5	This is the best New Mexican food anywhere. Everything on the menu is delicious. I come here often and I am never disappointed. Highly recommended!!
5	This place is great if you like New Mexico style food (which I do).  It's all about the chile and this place has got the chile right!  Red and green are both delish.  Great value too/
2	Albuquerque native and upfront just not NM quality . Some items are fair attempts but most miss the mark. Red chile is off almost tastes like there is tomato sauce in it . The green was ok , maybe I'm too accustomed to having the best in the country available at numerous Albq locations.They are Very proud of their menu too . Most Items  would be the price for two of the items in NM. You want to call yourself authentic NM, taste quality price.Sorry 3 strikes against Carlito's.
5	I am so happy I walked into this place for the first time. I love Carlito's!!! I take all of my friends here when they visit from out of town. There's so many good things about Carlito's all of their weekday specials, dollar beers, & friendly staff. It's always an enjoyable experience here. So glad you're right down the street from me. If you haven't tried don't hesitate this place is the best around!
4	Doing some house sitting in Henderson and yelped up something near me.  Noticed the 4 stars and the "New Mexico" style cooking which I have never had.The food was great.... I did a pork burrito.  Big junks of pork, home style... Makes me really wish I did steak though being the pork was that good....Would have been 5 stars but the rice and beans were cold....  I should have said something but  everything looked so good I let it slide.A few other points...First off the staff was extremely nice.  Told the lady it was my first time there and to recommend and she was happy to accommodate.Second dollar drafts!   All the time.Third Daily Specials.!Fourth frequent diner card!  Appreciation for repeat customers... niceIf you come across this post and consider eating here you will not be disappointed..
5	Great New Mexico stay food. world of difference between Mexican vs southwest vs New Mexico food. Use to travel to Santa Fe, NM and this as good as you can get out side of NM. Burritos are huge and you can create any burrito you want.
5	I'm from New Mexico, so I know what I'm talking about when it comes to all things green chile.  This place is the business.  Giant smothered burritos, frito pies, sopapillas and honey, cheap ass drinks, tasty margaritas, and friendly ladies behind the counter.  Go.  Get your green chile on, get your drink on, and make friends.
4	Okay being from el paso (bordering with old Mexico and new Mexico) it's only common sense to know that Mexican food is mexican food. Whether it's tex-mex or New Mexican. Tortillas, tamales, burritos, chiles, all come from Mexico. New mexicans have a tendency to avoid being  Mexican.  Tejanos are proud of our Mexican heritage unlike new Mexicans.  Just calling a spade a spade. Anyway this joint could be more vegetarian and gluten free friendly.
4	I really enjoy this place! Always good food! Usually frequent this place with co-workers at lunch time.  A pretty happening place, so obviously a lot of people love Carlito's Burritos. The staff is very friendly! I LOVE the tacos and sopapillas!
5	If you are not drinking a $3 margarita, you are wasting your damn life child...If you are reading this because you haven't tried Carlito's Burritos yet, I am hear to tell you that you are in for a treat.They are not like to typical joints around town. They are well made and packed with bright flavor.The staff is amazing and friendly. They will help you sort through the menu options and plan your way through a fantastic meal.The environment is comfortable and fun. I always find myself chatting with strangers and sharing tables with first timers.
5	I went yesterday.  Need I say more so so so good. I ate a sopa Xmas style soo good. I am a New Mexico native and miss the food. Love it little piece of New Mexico in are back yard. Note to everyone go hungry lots of food . Deffently going to bring family and friends next time. Only down fall too small not enough tabels.
5	EATING BAD!!!  Just like eating at my favorite hang-outs in Albuquerque, Santa Fe or Los Alamos.  The BEST New Mexican place in town.  Wait..The ONLY true New Mexican place in town.  Eat there as often as I can, which is never enough.  If you are true fan of NM cooking, Carlito's is the place.I love their Breakfast Burritos. I get sausage, fully loaded, smothered in Red sauce.  Muy bueno!  Their tacos al pastor are my favorite for lunches and the carne adovada enchiladas for dinner.  As good as you can find anywhere....all made on the spot.  I also will get their chicken enchiladas with Green, which are also excellent.They even make their sopapillas the right way.  Not sprinkled with powdered sugar and choc syrup, but just served with honey, fresh, light, sooooo good.Sign up for their email so you know when they grill ribs and tri-tip in their parking lot.Staff is always great (keep it up Dave) and much success.Oh...they are the only Green Chile roaster in town every August.  That little insult Whole Foods does is a joke.  Carlito's roasts by the sack at good prices.  Can't wait.
4	This is a really great place. I never really tried food from New Mexico before I tried this place, but it's awesome. It's a small place with enough room for maybe 30 people or so. So I always hear the other people that are eating there saying that it reminds them of the food back home (New Mexico).Everything there is fresh. The carlitos burrito smothered in green chili is delicious. I've had just about everything on the menu since I go there almost once a week for lunch, and everything has always been good. The people that work there are friendly and the place is nice and comfortable.
3	Vegetarian Review:Last year I had gone to New Mexico and had the best South Western food experience.  Doing my research on Yelp, I had found Carlito's and my excitement went up.  However, it went back down when I cut into my burrito.  They put way too much rice and less beans in my burrito.  New Mexico is all about their refried beans and how great they taste.  Carlito's sauce was super hot, not like the kinds I tried out there.My fiance did love his carne burrito, so that's one extra star for his enjoyment.  Don't plan on coming back here during my next visit to Vegas, I have to get it right or nothing.  Conclusion, if you're a meat eater, this will be a great place, you should check it out.  As a vegetarian, not so great.
4	We are from Hawaii and stumbled upon Carlito's by accident after getting on the wrong freeway on ramp trying to go to another Mexican restaurant. Carlitos popped up on yelp as a nearby Mexican restaurant so sight unseen we decided to try it. Never heard of it before and didn't have time to read the reviews.  We were absolutely blessed!  The counter gal was friendly, and the patrons obviously were regulars and as we stood in line, they shared with us what to order.  The comment we heard a lot was "everything is good!" and yes it was.  My chicken taco for $2.25 was so ono-licious (in Hawaiian that means broke-da-mouth good) and hubby's steak burrito was ono-ono-licious.  The sauce on the burrito was amazing.  We will definitely come back again! Carlitos Burritos NO KAI OI!  (In Hawaiian that means VERY GOOD!!)
3	This place was small, really small but busy. The line was almost out the door. You would think they did something right. I came here on the recommendation of my co-worker who swears that it's delicious. So where do I start, oh ya, the Micheladas (NOT GOOD). Watered down taste. I make better. The stuffed sopapillas were good, so my co-worker hit that on the dot but nothing to brag about and say that I want to go back. The locations is nowhere near the strip. The chicken tamale with chile verde wasn't all that great either. I've has some of the best tamales in Los Angeles. Bottom line, I wouldn't recommend this place but this is only my opinion. Lot's of older folks in here. The place had Indian Art Work on the walls which was really great. Maybe I should have ordered something else but I came here to order the sopapillas. NIce experience but I won't be coming back anytime soon.
5	I drive across town to come here for a burrito smothered in their red sauce. Some of the best red chile I've ever had. I'm addicted!!
5	This is a close to authentic NEW Mexican food as you're going find here. I recommend having a Navajo taco with green Chile  and add a sopapilla.
5	The food and service are absolutely amazing!!  I haven't tried anything here that I didn't like.  However, I have recently learned that the owner keeps his employees tips if they are put on a credit card.  Please, please, if you eat here tip in cash.  The employees are wonderful and should get the money that is left for them.
5	This place is a very small restaurant. Had the stuffed sopapilla with carne adovada and smothered in green sauce . It was amazing! It was enough for two people The green sauce had just the right amount of heat  Everything was fresh and homemade Very friendly staff, clean. They even have Margaritas!
3	After seeing many great reviews on Carlitos, I tried it. Well I won't sprang my ankles trying to run back.I was excited because they were mad busy!! So many choices, so many flavors! Wowwww!!That's how excited I was initally...The burrito was huge, with red tasteless sauce poured over it and all the fixings. Definitely looked inviting, but no flavor to brag about. Ground beef was completely flavorless.Maybe I will try something else before I completely write them off my list...
2	went in at 8:30pm on a weeknight.  Had half an hour until close.  Place was fairly busy with three women at counter downing margaritas.  They were very "happy" and so loud that my head hurt!  Everyone was screaming and laughing and hanging on each other and the other customers.  I finally had to ask who worked there.  We decided to order for takeout and I told the woman bartender that it was our first time at the place.  She wasn't helpful as to toppings, extras, etc.  Frankly, I wanted to leave the parking lot before the women did.  One other customer got her car keys and brought the car to the front door.  Why are they serving customers that appear so intoxicated?  Oh yeah, food was ok but I was totally turned off by the yelling and craziness.
5	I'm from San Francisco and visit Vegas a few times a year on work and every time I go I do WHATEVER IT TAKES to make it out to Carlitio's. They have hands down, the best breakfast burrito I've ever had in my life. It's the size of a super burrito at most places and full of the freshest and tastiest ingredients you could ask for. The employee's are all super upbeat and friendly and the food comes out pretty quick. My only complaint... all 5 times that I've been now, I've had to stand around and wait for a table to open up. I'd love to see these guys move to a location just a tad bit bigger, it would really go a long way.
5	Best burritos in Henderson. They are huge and full of so many different unhealthy things that it'll give a nutritionist a heart attack. Always go for more than 2 meats and get it smothered. Smothered burrito is a wet burrito with red or green chili sauce. You can taste the spices in addition to the dry chili. On Sunday, they have a B1G1 free breakfast burritos and they have daily specials too. On Saturday, they sell rack of ribs with their own spices. They are also great.
5	Nom, nom, nom.....THE BEST Mexican Food in Vegas, and we've tried many places.   If you enjoy NM/Colorado style Mexican Food, with Spicy Green Hatch Chili sauce, this place will become your favorite.   A great amount of heat that doesn't hide the flavor.   The burritos are huge and if you are ever there on a weekend when they are cooking their tri-tip, DO NOT drive by without stopping for a Tri Tip sandwich, smothered in cheddar and green chili sauce.   We drive over 20 miles to eat there from the West side of town and it's worth ever cent of gas money and time to do so.
2	New Mexican food. With all do respect, not for me. I like real Mexican food. The food here is bland. We went on a Saturday night with the kids and did not like the environment. Too many drunks. Staff was nice! First and last for me.
3	Decent food. Not great. The cheese enchiladas are OK. I would avoid the tortillas burger and the Chile cheese fries. Plenty of Chile, very little cheese. Very friendly staff and great atmosphere, however. Good price for what it is. Respectable,  not fantastic.
5	best pork verde anywhere!! And we can't get enough of the green chiles. Love Eileen and the rest of the staff.  See you all soon!
5	I love this place! It is the only place I can eat NEW MEXICAN food! Delicious!! Highly recommended if u want sum green chile!
4	Stomachs full and a smile on our faces!We had dined here for lunch at an off time.  There were still a constant stream of people coming in during our entire stay.  The dining area is small.   I'm guessing during peak times you may want to order to go.  The line to place your order goes quickly.  There is a little wait for the food but nothing too major.  The employees are so great! They go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied with your meal.  I had the shrimp combo burrito smothered.  The burrito was filled with shrimp, beans and rice covered with green chili sauce and cheese.  Really good.  When I cut the burrito in half, one whole side didn't have any shrimp.  Probably could have used more.  It was a large burrito so It filled me up anyway.  Carlitos is certainly a place I'd like to visit again.  I'd recommend trying it out!
4	We dropped by for dinner around 6pm on a Sunday night. There were a few other customers, but not super busy.We ordered a burrito and a stuffed sopapilla. Both were generously sized, good tasting and reasonably priced. The service is friendly and the atmosphere is casual and comfortable.Definitely a nice place to get some tasty grub!
3	The thing that saved this place is yes the portions are big. But the taste is not that great. Got the smothered combo burrito with adovada, and all the free toppings. Not much meat inside. Mostly beans and rice. For $9 burrito it should have more meat.Also tried the $2 slider and the chile verde taco. The meat on all three were very tender but no flavor! Not enough seasonings. Usually if a meat is soft and tender but not enough flavor, a good salsa can save it. Their salsa tastes like Pace. Plus side, you get your food fast, even though they were busy. Counter staff not overly friendly or helpful though.
5	Amazing as usual , just picked up a dozen rellenos for Christmas !!! Love this place !
5	This place is great! Consistently good food, large portions, friendly staff, and killer specials! I've been going here so much this past year that it's becoming it's own food group! I mostly stick with the breakfast or pork verde burritos, both very good. Tacos and pasole are good as well. The only food I didn't think was that great was their "taco salad". The staff here are all quite friendly. They also have cheap beer! Some of their specials include 2-for-1 breakfast burritos every Sunday which is a killer deal and they make ribs on Saturday evenings which are quite tasty as well. Check it out!
5	Been meaning to come here since I moved to Vegas but I'm rarely on this side of town so when I was I went there early on a Thursday morning. When I walked in I knew I was in for a treat. You can smell the Green Chile and it smells like I've walked into a real New Mexican restaurant back home. I ordered a Green Chile bacon breakfast burrito. I was not dissapointed this is a legitimate New Mexican restaurant and I felt like I was eating a Twisters burrito back in Albuquerque. The burrito was large and loaded up with plenty of bacon, egg, potato, and green chile. I would love to sit down and be able to try a little of everything here. There is no place in Vegas to compare to because New Mexican cooking is completely differrent then a typical Mexican restaurant but it is better then any other place.
5	Im a New mexico native living in vegas and this is the only place I have found that can satisfy my green chile craving. Good prices and large portiins.
4	LOS ALAMOS COMES TO VEGASOrdered to share a Green Verde Carlito's burrito smothered for just an extra $1.00  Added a giant burrito sized sopapilla, tossed salad and pork posole for $3.00 more which is well worth the extra coin spent.  Only item we didn't find were the blue nachos. Otherwise, one burrito plus the sides more than fulfilled our hunger. Our burrito was filled meat only... no carbs... which was perfectly executed.  Seasoning was spiced perfectly. Understand that they also offer a sopapilla burrito which explains the burrito size.  Very casual and folksy place filled with all sorts of  New Mexico artworks for purchase. Seating is tight and comfortable. Three flat screens to watch college bowl games. For sure we'll be back for more.
