5	Marvelous atmosphere and great food.  Definitely recommend.
4	This place is open and ready to rock!!Charming little breakfast spots are always welcome and this is one of them. I went on the sweeter side and rocked the Egg Nog French Toast (which the chef was thrilled I ordered!), a Pumpkin Butterscotch Muffin!, and a Chai tea.  damn...I'm such a future fattie. But let's get real, this place is behind the new Cornish Pasty is a nifty little house with a great patio.   They will be seeing my face again.
5	Great little place had omelette and potatoes and good iced tea. Owner? understands gluten free which isn't always the case he even has GF bread to offer sandwiches on which I'll try next time! They serve cartel coffee which is huge plus, best coffee around and locally roasted.
4	alo cafe' is tucked at 1st and goldwater blvd. next to a very charming gift shop-named jam.the cartel drip coffee is the best i've ever tasted. the smoothie was great with real fruit and your choice of milk-cow's, half+half, soy, almond or coconut.   i chose almond+coconut!  it was great.  my mom and her friend enjoyed the "jamaican rice made with real butter + spices etc. mom chose to add "balsamic" chicken + ordered vernors ginger ale.  her friend chose the spicier "jerk" chicken+diet vernors.  i tasted - of course!  it was great even without the 12+hot sauces they offer! regular offerings include: monte cristo sandwiches, grilled cheeese! specials of that day included: "open-faced" waffle with syrup+raspberry+blueberry jam, meat was offered although i don't remember which kind.inside was chilled to perfection!  we sat out in the sun-umbrella +shaded tables were available.  young lady cashier answered all 100 ???'s non-flustered+chef was very nice as well!!!all around winner!  hope they have the estonian pudding desert available on my next visit!handicapped parking (2), tiny lot + street parking!
5	Alo Cafe is a quaint spot right behind Cornish Pasty in Old Town. The outdoor patio is so cute, but there were not outdoor outlets to plug in my laptop. There is free wifi, and plenty of outlets inside. Everyone working was so friendly, the chef even came to talk to myself and another table about our food! I tried the iced tea and it was good, but nothing out of the ordinary. Coffee is from Cartel Coffee Lab (the owner of Cartel help them get set up to open, according to the chef), and is really good! Food is good - would be a great spot for breakfast or lunch!
5	All I can say is wow. This place is just the perfect brunch. Tucked away in Scottsdale behind the pasty co. We had the pancakes, omelette, ans curried rice. The pancakes were mosit a s fluffy, the compote had a harmonious blend of flavor, the curried rice was the best I've ever had. The omlette was just amazing especially with the breakfast potatos, I high recommend to anyone looking for the perfect breakfast,brunch,lunch spot.
5	Everyone here was extremely friendly and the atmosphere alone made it a great place to visit. The food was amazing as well. We got a smorgasbord of curried rice, pancakes with the compote, and an omelette and potatoes and every single bite was eaten. It is just a great place overall and you should come visit it and help this new business flourish.
5	I l Love this little hidden gem! The Yerba Tea (and the story behind it) are absolutely delightful! My favorites here are the Jerk Chicken and Curry Rice (to die for) and the crystallized ginger and mango scones.
5	Great food, real fresh and full of taste!
4	I mean, seriously, +10 for the service. It's totally earnest. I wouldn't say its overly prompt or efficient, but its hard to fault a guy who is trying so hard. We went for breakfast. I loved Alo because its adorable and it wasn't crowded with the Spring Training-already loaded-at-9AM-hipsters. Surely after getting such great reviews that will change, but that's the price of success I guess. MY food was pretty forgettable, I had a breakfast sandwich, it just looked so sad and lonely on my plate. Pretty meh. But everyone else's breakfast looked amaze-balls and they scarfed it up. My breakfast sandwich was gone pretty fast too...it just wasn't anything to celebrate. Also, not at ALL a fan of that coffee. I drink a lot of coffee and I had no desire to have cup #2. But you know, coffee is pretty subjective...so let me know what you thought. So if you go: skip the breakfast sandwich, do something else. And keep it a secret, because this place is tiny and the service can't get much more earnest.
5	A delightful place. Small and limited menu, but a great patio and the found is quite good. Tucked away, I'm not sure if this business will sustain, but it deserves to. Try the eggs de Madrid. We asked for fruit instead of potatoes; it was very good. We will definitely have lunch here again.
5	Excellent coffee and muffins.  The rest looked very good too.  A little gem tucked away off the main street. Good choice if you are looking for an informal breakfast or lunch with some innovative thinking in the menu.
5	Awesome service! and super friendly. It's such a wonderful little cafe. I love to come here and have a nice cup of coffee and relax. I like the variety in their menu. So I'd say, come in and support their business, it's such an awesome place to be.
5	Friendly and casual. Nice outdoor patio. Great homemade food at a good price. Will definitely return when we're back in town!
5	Very friendly service. Lots of global food choices- definitely ask about options to order something delicious. Family friendly also.
5	Superior service. Great coffee. Can't wait to come back often to explore the delectable menu.
5	Cozy cafe atmosphere.  Food top notch from scratch.  Pancakes REALLY tasty.  Huevos Madrid with smoked salmon and shrimp outstanding.  Cartel coffee was perfect and owners are so friendly!
5	Second time here, and once again they are awesome. I meant to write a review last time but I was too busy recommending Alo to all my friends. Great original menu and friendly service.
4	This restaurant/coffee shop is in a cute little house next to Cornish Pasty Co.  There are about six or seven tables in the whole place, they also have an outdoor patio.  You order at the counter and they bring your food to your table.  It is owned by an Estonian couple, when we were there the wife brought our food to us.  She was very friendly and told us her husband was the chef.  I ordered the french toast and it was very tasty, it had berries and strawberry sauce as well as a flaky crust sprinkled on top that made it very good.  The coffee is also very good.
5	Hands-down THE best breakfast (and probably lunch, as they have the original Sabrett hot dog) place in Old Town.  I didn't eat one thing that was not homemade, from scratch, even my corn beef hash looked and tasted like that portion was made just for me (and I think it was).  Steve, the owner, and I wish I could remember the chef's name, are there and more than helpful to tell you where the recipes came from (from NYC where steve was born and raised to Africa and many other parts of the world), what they have in the works for new items, etc.The coffee is Cartel, the bakery items/food is homemade & they have Sabretts;  Not much else to say.If you want to impress with breakfast, this is the only place to go.  Glad I just moved to the neighborhood.
5	Wow!  Pancakes with fruit compote was Amazing!  Friendly staff too!  If I lived here id be here often.
5	Went here today for breakfast and loved it! Tried the 2 egg combo with potatoes and toast. Food was fresh and good. Also tried the Chai latte what was ok. The place is small but really cute. Everyone who worked there was nice and made us feel welcomed. We will be back!
5	The owner has traveled all over the world and creates his menu based on his favorite finds. The international cafe serves items such as rusks, tortilla espanola, and Jamaican jerk curry chicken. I went here for breakfast and was pleased to see they serve Cartel Coffee which is locally roasted in Tempe. I had the Meditterrean omelet which came with Rosemary roasted potatoes. There are 20 different types of hot sauces to choose from. I also had the French toast with fruit compote. The French toast was soft and chewy on the inside and had a nice cereal type outer coating.
5	Stopped in for breakfast twice. The foot was excellent, the staff was very friendly and offered information about local events and venues. The staff was also happy to explain the menu and specialties. This place is a must if your in the area!
2	First impressions were that it was a quaint, out of the way little breakfast diner. After inquiring about the menu it turns out everything is pretty much a la carte.  I don't know how this place got rated a single $ but $7 for pancakes is not inexpensive. One of the biggest qualms I had was that they charged $1 for a glass of water. Not a bottle, a glass of water. After I finished it I dared to ask if they did free refills. Who charges for water???  The food was good. But nothing amazing. Definitely not worth the $35 we ended up spending. I think with a 5 star rating from numerous reviews I expected much more and it was a letdown. Upon looking at some of the reviews it seems like many came from people who had only 1-3 reviews so I wish I would've noticed that first.  All in all, not a $ but more a $$. And not a 5 star place at all.
5	The food was fantastic and we would definitely go back again.Steve did an excellent job explaining the specials; he visits several businesses to put together the ingredients for the entreesMike in the kitchen was amazing in the way he handled the orders on a Sunday morning. It was impressive how puts out orders with such speed.
5	This a nice additional to the Scottsdale food scene. The menu is "Global" and inspired. African, European, East Indian or just their take on good ole American food. The place is cozy, the food is excellent and the owners are friendly. Almost everything is made from scratch! Try it when in the area.
5	Enjoyed the food, service and conversation with owner Hilja and chef Michael. Will make it one of our "go to" places.
5	My mom and I were needing some afternoon caffeine so we walked into the cafe without realizing the cafe was already closed (whoops). The owner was awesome though and still made us two iced coffees. He was nothing but kind and helpful. We were extremely thankful!! The iced coffee was exactly what I needed too, strong and refreshing. We enjoyed it on the beautiful courtyard.
4	My wife and I  stay in Scottsdale twice a year when we visit our grandchildren and always look for good breakfast places.  Sunday we found a gem at  Alo's.  Steve greets you standing next to the cash register as you order and guides you through the menu. Mike comes out to make sure how you want your eggs cooked.  Conversation ensues while you dine and what a  small world it becomes when my wife and Mike learned they went to the same school in N.J.  Steve and I talked about  out experiences visiting Argentina.After eating  corn beef hash at two other breakfast   places, I found the one I really enjoyed that was actually ground instead of chopped  and cooked with a nice crunch topped with runny egg yokes.  My wife also enjoyed her Yuctan  omelet.  Very friendly and enjoyable.
4	Food was great. We had the shrimp omelet and the Christo waffle and our kids had the pancakes with berry compote. And we both had the Cartel coffee which we've heard from our parts is phenomenal. The owner was there and was very kind and helpful! Our server was great - super friendly and helpful. The areas of improvement are ambiance and cleanliness. But otherwise excellent!
4	The food was good. This place is tucked in behind the new Cornish Pasty and a little gem. I had the two eggs with potatoes and toast. I added in a side of bacon. Everything was hot and made to perfection. The only complaint that I had was that the coffee was very acidic and reminded me of old diner coffee. My buddy had the french toast and while the bread was a bit bland the fresh compote was excellent. It's a nice little gem and I hope more people find it so they can stay busy. I didn't eat any baked goods but the key lime pie looked amazing.
5	Perfect little cafe! The service is personal and lovely. Very small venue and don't be in a rush for the handcrafted food. Hubby had the waffle crusto and I had the grilled cheese with bacon and tomato on sourdough. 10:30 on a Saturday morning a little busy.
5	Best corned beef hash I've ever had, and I'm 43 and raised around delis. Everything was absolutely delicious.  Nothing needs condiments,  but they have a curry ketchup that is amazing.  The service is great, and the prices are almost unbelievably low for Scottsdale.
4	Silence the conversation about the Valley's best hangover breakfast.If I can only get it on Saturday or Sunday, if I have to wait an hour, or if it's not served after 11 a.m., it's not "the best."Finally, I can find salvation in my hour of need... which happened to be at 1 p.m. on a Tuesday. NO, I don't wan't to talk about it. Anyway, back to salvation: Alo's Waffle Cristo. Start with a waffle + ham + turkey (or just twice the ham if you're awesome) + swiss cheese + egg. Top it with berry jam + sour cream + maple syrup. Seven days a week, until 3 p.m., you too, can be absolved of your sins by the (Jesus H.) Waffle Cristo.
5	Wonderful food, great service, friendly people. I love coming here I feel welcome, and at home! :)The place is really cute and charming. Has free WiFi and  a very adorable patio. Love it!
5	Very friendly atmosphere and the owner was so bubbly and funny. She let us try the rusk and it was delicious. I got Huevos de Madrid and best eggs ever around the old town area.  I highly recommend this place :-) happy hunting
5	Food was absolutely amazing! So glad we stumbled on this little gem! Hubs got the corned beef hash and I got the huevos a madrid (with shrimp and salmon)... Absolutely delicious! Also got a warm welcome from who I assume is the owner. He had great recommendations on what to try. And drip coffee was an awesome locally sold bean. Definitely recommend!!
5	10/10. Fantastic food and the staff was extremely friendly. The pancakes were the fluffiest and most delicious I've ever had. They have Cartel coffee too! I'll be returning again and again. They are a little tricky to find, since they are tucked away behind the Cornish Pasty Co. but it's definitely worth the time to find the place.
4	What a great place!  Cozy and not at all pretentious, which is great in scottsdale. Very comfortable to sit, have breakfast, relax and read the news. Great breakfast!  House made corned beef hash was outstanding. Very friendly owner.
4	Amazing hole in the wall. Love the ambiance. Owner sat us down and talked to us for a bit. Food took a while but it didn't bother me when I tasted it. Worth the wait. Small staff that cares. Refreshing to receive personal attention at a restaurant. Will surely return And let my friends know about this gem.
5	Found this place after reading the Yelp reviews.  It was nice, relaxed, and cozy.  I had pancakes that were amazing, so I didn't sample any of the about 100 hot sauces that they had available.  I will definitely be going back and taking more friends to this hidden treasure.
5	My husband, daughter and I ate here after reading the yelp reviews. We live in Vegas and were traveling through with an overnight stay in Phoenix. This a great little place with a eclectic coffee house feel. The service was great, efficient and friendly. I had the corned beef and hash. The corned beef is brined there in the kitchen, potatoes were intricately seasoned. It was so tasty. My husband had the Huevos de Madrid and was very satisfied. He has an extremely picky palate, the shrimp was cooked perfectly and with the array of hot sauces you are sure to find a combination to please your taste buds. My daughter who is 4 had the pancakes with fruit compote. She ate most of her meal and left with a full tummy. The price is acceptable specially for the quality of food. We paid 38.00 for all of us to have breakfast plates and specialty drinks. The thing we most enjoyed is the enthusiasm the chef had for his  food and we could tell he took great pride in his job and that money can't buy. Thank you for a great experience.
5	My boyfriend and I came here for breakfast to start my birthday off and it was great! Food was very good, my egg white omelette was packed with flavor and we loved the cute patio seating, very affordable! highly recommend!
4	Stayed in Scottsdale for a night during a roadtrip, found this place tucked away, and I'm glad we did because we enjoyed everything! We were trying to keep it cheap so just got egg & cheese sandwiches, but they were delicious, with a side of home fries and fresh fruit- perfect breakfast! The potatoes were slightly dry but they had homemade curry ketchup that tasted amazing on them. Owner and staff were very friendly and helpful.. Wish we were locals so we could support this place more!
4	Had pancakes and a omelet. Very good, would go back.
4	What a hidden gem!Alo Cafe is tucked away, but it's worth searching out.My Dad and I were the only guests when we were there.What a shame.We took other Yelpers' advice and each got the Waffle Cristo.  Excellent.The guy working was very kind, and the patio is perfect for people & dogs.I hope more people give Alo Cafe a try.Enjoy!
3	I really wanted to give this place a good review but after consistently bad service I have to only give them three stars. Me and my boyfriend have been here twice and both times had exceptionally slow service. I'm not sure if they are under staffed but our drinks were empty for what felt like twenty minutes.  Also our food took even longer to arrive. Our waitress walked by and did not even acknowledge the fact that our glasses had been empty for so long or apologize for the wait. The good thing about this place is that they do have very good breakfast options. We have tried the French toast, waffles and pancakes and loved all of them however the French toast was our favorite. If this place stepped up their service it would be a MUCH more enjoyable place to weekend brunch but prepare yourself for slow service if you do decide to go.
5	In town for a baseball tournament and followed the reviews to this amazing place. The owner, Steve, came out and highlighted the menu with us, explaining the inspiration for the unique dishes.....A worldly collection dishes from around the world.  We all ordered different dishes and no one was disappointed. The Tuscany omelet featured smoked organic peppers, salami, and smoked mozzarella. ....incredible. The hash was devine. The pancakes are rich and flavorful. We are here for a week and I can't wait to come back and try the rest of the menu. Wish I could give it 6 stars.
5	Great little find in Scottsdale. It is hidden behind a building.  We sat on the patio and I decided to try the Monte cristo waffle....yum!!   Bf had an omelet which was delicious!! All of the servers were awesome.  Great place, definitely recommend!
5	Cute little cafe!! The people were so friendly and the food was yummy!!!! I would def recommend it to everyone!!
5	Charming if hectic at times. Great food, coffee and desserts. A wonderful alternative to Starbucks and other ubiquitous coffee places. Good light lunch food. Could use a more formal seating system when busy (it's grab an open table right now)
4	The BF and I decided to try out something new and came across this little gem hidden in the middle of Old Town Scottsdale. This cafe is very small but offers a large variety of drinks and food. There is limited indoor an outdoor seating but we had no trouble being seated and didn't have to wait. We tried the Mediterranean Omelette and the Huevos De Madrid egg dish and both of them were delicious and filling! They came with a choice of bread and two different unique types of jelly that came on the side. Our server was very friendly, attentive and met all of our needs. The corned beef hash was highly recommended to us and we plan on trying that on our next visit along with the NY Sabrett Hot Dog, which I haven't seen on a menu outside of NY.
4	Cute little place with a dog friendly patio! Stopped in for breakfast with the poodles, and they were happy to greet all the guests and sniff the rosemary bushes. Okay back to the restaurant, here's the breakdown: 1.   Specialty French toast - cinnamon raisin: A+2.  Roasted tomato and feta omelette:  B+ (it needed a sauce of some sort on top) 3. Coffee:  Took a few minutes but it was fresh drip: A4. Service: slow but very nice: B+6. Atmosphere: nothing fancy, but cozy and casual!: A Overall, I definitely go back for breakfast,  there are few things that weren't "spot on" but it was a good experience and good food.
2	Stopped by this place last weekend at 8am with my girlfriend.  There was only one other table of 3 when we arrived.   We ordered the special which was basically an omelet wrapped around some kielbasa and French Toast with a side of sausage.  We got our coffee quickly but no spoons a creamer with just enough liquid to cover the bottom and no sugar despite asking were precursors to the rest of the meal.  While we waited a couple of more small groups showed up and I scrounged utensils and sugar from other tables and we waited...and waited.  About 20 minutes later we got the special which was cool to the touch.  Thankfully she isn't too picky and made due.  I got french toast...cold...and covered in I think crumbled cornflakes with one link of sausage.  One link of sausage was an additional $2.50.  My meal was cold and the sausage was bright pink when cut into.  I'm an adventurous eater, but when the menu just says french toast I expect a classic rendition not someone's 'take' on it.  I would have ordered cereal if I wanted cornflakes.  We never got a refill of coffee nor our change from the $35 check.  My assumption is that much of our dissatisfaction was due to slow service and the menu lacking clarity.  The price seemed a tad higher than I would expect to pay for the meal even the food was exceptional.
2	Cute place, but service and food fell completely short!  First, the positives: great pet friendly patio and a tucked away location in Old Town Scottsdale.  The negatives: we waited nearly an hour for our breakfast to be served (scrambled eggs, toast etc....nothing time intensive), the service was haphazard, my eggs were not cooked to order (I asked for sunny side up, but the yolks came out hard...disappointing after waiting nearly an hour), and my husband found hair on his sausage.  Apparently, the normal cook was out of town for the weekend and the service and quality of food suffered because of it.I am hoping this was the exception and not the normal experience at Alo Cafe because I really wanted to like this place!
5	Best almond milk latte in Phoenix! This little hidden gem has yummy food, cartel coffee, and an amazing new barista. Almond milk lattes are my favorite but they can be kinda heavy. Since moving to PHX, I've tried them all over town and this one was the best I've had. The milk was steamed so perfectly, the foam was light and airy. Sad this place is so far from my house because otherwise I would come here everyday. Love the outdoor courtyard too and friendly service.
5	Fantastic food and the staff was extremely friendly.  The pancakes were the fluffiest and most delicious I've ever had.  They have Cartel coffee too!  I'll be returning again and again.  They are a little tricky to find, since they are tucked away behind the Cornish Pasty Co. but it's definitely worth the time to find the place.
3	Very tiny spot tucked away, but a pretty good find once you're there.  The Hubs and I had some time to kill on a Saturday morning, so we popped into Alo since it was near an appointment.  There wasn't too many people there, but I can imagine if there was it would feel like a tight fit.  The service was friendly, quick, and helpful.First off the good, the corned beef hash is amazing.  It was cooked just the way I like it... crispy and soft inside.  There was eggs on the side, and they were cooked to our specifications.  The english muffin it came with was perfect.  Not sure if it was homemade, but it tasted great.  Now for the bad... we got a muffin as well and it was cold and so dense.  Not my fav.  Also, the coffee was so bitter, I could hardly drink any and the half and half curdled in it.  In all fairness, we didn't share our dissatisfaction with the waitress.  She may have corrected these issues, but it really wasn't worth the bother.I'd say give Alo a try.  It's awesome to support a local business and trust me, the corned beef hash is worth everything else!
1	If you want to wait 20 min for a cup of coffee when there is no one in the shop, then this might be the place for you.
4	Great diner for breakfast right opposite the Alo Cafe.Always busy and you have to queue, but they move guests through quickly and efficiently and served us a good breakfast. The pancakes were very tasty and the Corned beef hash outstanding. Good friendly service and everything that a local diner should be. We will be going back again during our visit to Scottsdale.
4	Had high hopes thanks to a couple of recommendations. It was ok, not too expensive, food was maybe four stars. The location is quite unique - under a bridge opposite Mesa, AZ. Service was alright, not really up there perhaps, but I don't think they need to worry too much as it's always busy.If you're looking for somewhere interesting to have a quick bite, you could do a lot worse.
4	Enjoyed a breakfast here as it was very handy for our hotel - the Kitano. I had been very excited about sampling good quality eggs benedict and to be honest they were OK - would have preferred crispy bacon rather than the more ham like accompanyment. My husband loved the steel cut oats. It is at a nice location - we had a window seat looking on to the front of Central Station and it was great to watch the busy world go by.
1	After so many intriguing reviews we took visiting family to Alo. Our server was nice, but my order of the waffle cristo was disappointing. The waffle, covered in turkey, ham, egg, and Swiss cheese, was so over cooked it was burned black. This burned waffle brick required intensive cutting with a serrated blade.  The burned taste of the waffle overwhelmed the rest of the ingredients, and was unbearable to eat. What does it say about the operation of the kitchen that it would knowingly send out this charred disaster?  A lot, I think. The waitress saw my waffle, heard my complaint and whole heartily agreed. She said she would take care of it and took it back to the kitchen. She never came back and the cook, who I think was either the owner or manager, came out front but never said a word to us. We left in frustration. What does this say about the business?  Enough that I will not return.
5	I am glad to say that Alo cafe has dramatically improved their service in recent months!! When I last left a review they seemed to be under staffed but they certainly listened to their feedback and stepped up their game! This place is definitely one of our favorite breakfast places and we make a trip here at least once a week. It is a little tucked away from the main bustle of old town Scottsdale but definitely give this place a try if you are looking for a solid breakfast and brunch spot that has a cozy and comfortable environment.
5	What a hidden gem in Scottsdale. There is nice outdoor patio and the breakfast menu is extensive and features so many different flavors. There is daily specials which right now being of the holiday variety. My favorite part of this place is the table of hot sauces. the staff is super friendly and warm.I ordered the Monte Cristo with a side of bacon and alo juice. It is a traditional Monte Cristo but nestled in between two pieces of French toast. It was tasty and filling. Everything is fresh and local. Come find this treasure in old town.
4	They have a great selection of coffees and teas. They also have a lot of other canned and bottled drinks. The food is freshly prepared and is very good. I had a Belgian waffle and my daughter had the Monte Cristo. The monte Cristo was very nice. It wasn't deep fried so it wasn't as heavy. Tasted really good. The atmosphere is nice and quaint.
5	When you are tired of the trendy breakfast places in Old Town that serve the same watered down breakfast fare, go to this hidden gem right off Scottsdale. The food is excellent with matching personable service and friendly owners. The coffee is very good and their inventive omelettes are superb. They also offer Estonian desserts which is a rarity in Arizona.
5	Nice little place. Friendly owner and staff. Waffle with fruit compote was yummy.  Pretty outside sitting area. But was a little too cold today.
5	Wow!! This is Old Town Scottsdale's best kept secret!!! My husband and I have driven past this little venue dozens of times and only by chance did we decided to stop on for a late breakfast, which they serve ALL day!! Upon entering you'll be greeted by friendly faces and an eccentric environment. The menu is simple and I'm sure the hosts will go into detail on all the different ingredients that they make and cook themselves. I got the Belgium waffle with hit fruit compote - so good! But be careful the compote was smoldering!! My husband got the pancakes with maple syrup, he loved it! The bacon was spot on, crunchy and delicious. And the eggs, while really over priced. But they were the best $4 eggs I've ever had!!! I highly recommend this place. It's pretty small though, so don't plan a big party! I forgot up mention the chai tea! Get it!!! So yummy and milky!
5	I was visiting the area with my family for New Years and we came across this little hole in the wall breakfast place in Scottsdale. Per other yelp reviews, we ordered the Waffle Cristo to share. It was so different and delicious. The jam seems a little weird to put on it at first, but it definitely works. I would definitely recommend at least trying the Waffle Cristo once! My mom ordered the omelet special that had cream cheese and green chills with chipotle cream and she loved it. I had a chai tea latte which was perfect. If I'm ever back in Scottsdale I will be back!
