5	Great food, awesome music and great service. I will be coming here every time I am in Vegas. Thank you.
5	This place is amazing. I tried the Hookah and had some drinks everything was perfect and the staff was so friendly not to mention the price is very reasonable.
5	A great hookah spot. Very clean and the tapas are excellent.   Definitely a solid place to get some food, drinks, and hookah!  I had the summer melon for my hookah.  Definitely will return for other flavors.
5	I love this place, its amazing, great hookah spot. Very clean and the tapas are excellent.   Definitely a solid place to get some food, drinks, and hookah!  and the staff was so friendly not to mention the price is very reasonable. I had great time there and i will Definitely return for mor fun time !!!!
2	Customer service was aweful. When we walked in one if the employees had to call him out to tell him he had customers. When we decided we wanted food He was so busy chatting with a friend who walked in for 20 minutes. The food took forever to come out. And again this other employee who so happened to walk into the kitchen told the Guy our food was done. (Still sitting and chatting with a friend) then he disappeared after we were done. The Guy that was cleaning everything had to find him for our bill.  Seriously if we were shitty people we could of walked out of there with 45 still in our pockets. Hats off to the chef, the Guy who helped us out and the women who was there a couple days before hand. They did a good job. But your fellow employee or owner made me rate a 2.
3	This place is okay. It's beautiful inside and our server was great! If you like hiphop and top hits type of music the Do not go on Saturday nights the music is horrible and was so bad that we didn't finish our hookah because the music started to sound like noise and just was not fun or entertaining also the DJ was some old guy that looked to be in his early 60's which was kinda whack. And apparently there is some sort of dress code. Me & my party was about 9 people and apparently only 2 of us were in dress code.  They had on a shirt and pants. They rest of us had shorts on and shirts and maxi dresses.... so I didn't really get that, but they let us in anyway and when we got in it was dead not too many people inside, my guess would be because of the horrible music. the place was kinda a joke.
5	The staff at Luna was fantastic. Our party was quite large, about 20 people, and the staff did an excellent job making sure our orders were put in on time, our drinks were received in a short time, and our hookahs were refreshed. I especially appreciated the good music that the DJ played, which eventually got our group up and dancing. Luna is a great place to spend the night in Vegas if you're trying to avoid the pretentiousness of clubs. The music is loud, the drinks are strong, and the people are great. Although we didn't order food (we just had dinner at Allegro), I'm sure it would've been great. I will definitely be back!
5	Awesome! Went with my love and we had a blast. Great food and reasonable hookah prices. Plenty of favors. The ambiance is beautiful and intimate. A nice change of pace place in Vegas to relax and do something different. Really nice staff, clean, and classy. Will be back when I come back to Vegas.
5	Absolutely hands down the best Hookah lounge Iv'e ever been to.  Truly a gem in Vegas!
5	I was on a roadtrip in the USA and everywhere I went I smoked hookah.I don't write reviews about the staff or the music or any other crap. For me it's important to have a good hookah.the hookah here is great! The coals keep coming and coming and the taste doesn't go away.i smoked hookah in LA, SF, Phoenix, San Diego, Vegas and Salt Lake City. Red Velvet in San Diego was the best and Luna Lounge comes on the second place for me. I will definately keep coming back here for the rest of my stay in Vegas
5	Went here with a group of friends looking for a place to sit, relax and to avoid the heat. We walked in and was immediately greeted. As it was a weekday, there wasn't too many people here.  We got a fruitbowl and a mix of different flavors and for the price, not too bad! for checking in with yelp i also got 15% off which is an awesome deal.The place has a nice modern look with great lounge chairs and couches with great lighting. There's a DJ booth in the back for those nights where they hold special events every week. Not too bad of sound system right now.Service was great, always got checked up on, got a new set of coals right before the previous were about to go out without us asking is perfect. We also got tongs which was perfect, as i like to move the coals around without pulling out a coin or a card.Their food is a bit pricey, we didn't order any as it was a bit high.5/5 for great customer service and how the inside looks great, and for those who are out of town visiting if you want your hookah fix, Luna has to be the best, if not only the strip, but Las Vegas.
4	It was my first hookah experience and Maysam made it a pleasurable one.  My friends in I were in Vegas for an extended girls weekend and this added to a great time. Decor was nice. Place was clean. Music was good. We came in mid afternoon so we had the place all to ourselves and Maysam gave us lessons on how to make the most out of exhaling. ;-)
1	We saw all the great reviews on yelp for this place and decided to check it out. Never going back. The seating is uncomfortable, the music sucked. The hummus was the only good thing. If you're looking for a ghetto place to smoke some hookah, go here. I suspect most of the 5 star reviews on here were written by staff or friends of the establishment.
4	We found this place on yelp and decided to check in out while in Vegas. First, it's right next to Encore in a small shopping plaza and it can be easy to miss if you're not looking carefully. We got here at a descent hour and we had to wait a few minutes to be seated. The place was a nice spot with these low sitting couches and chairs and there was loud club music blaring. The hookahs were huge about 4 feet tall, so careful not to knock it over. Overall it was kind of a strange experience, the hookah was pretty good and the guys were okay about refilling and replacing the coals, but I felt they were more attentive to tables that were shedding out more money with more people. But hey that's vegas right. It was kind of hard to talk to our friends in this place because the music was so loud! So just know that if you're coming here to chill and have some hookah you might not be able to talk to them.
4	Finally, a good hookah spot on the Strip!I checked out Luna Lounge with a few of my friends this week. A lot of hookah lounges in town try to market themselves as a nightclub but few succeed in capturing that party atmosphere. Fortunately Luna is one of spots that is able to deliver on that promise. The place looks like a nightclub complete with a dancefloor, DJ, and bottle service. A sleek modern interior with comfortable seating and impressive sound system makes it a fun place to chill and smoke up. We used the $10 for $20 yelp deal which is definitely worth it considering they charge $22 for one hookah. At this price they probably one of the most expensive hookah spots in town. The $35 they charge for a fruit bowl is just plain ridiculous. The hookah was pretty good, the bowl and refill we got each lasted for about an hour and they came by regularly with fresh coconut coals. Service was excellent, Luna looks to be family owned and they came by to check up on us pretty often. They also serve food and thankfully feature a full bar which is rare among hookah lounges.Remember to check in for the 15% off Yelp deal!
1	The hookah was really bad, had to change it twice and was still awful. If your a serious hookah user this is not for you!Might be a an okay place to hang but not for smoking hookah.
1	Saturday night November 2nd 2013 my sons 21 birthday we had a blast I got a room on the strip so no one had to drive all my son wanted to do was smoke hookah yelp says this is the place to go the website says open till 3 I called to make sure they were open we walked pretty far to get there arrived at 1am and we were met at the door by a very bitchy lady stating they were closed as loud music blared in the background and you could see people sitting inside I was livid she was really nasty about it too I was just about to click the check in button until she spoke I will never go back and I know the people that were with us will never go back either
5	I love this place!!!!! There are a lot of events for all moods. Great costumer service. One thing I like the most are the Hookah fruit bowls, are prepared with a sophisticated but with a touch of great presentation that would amaze you every time. Food wise it has a lot of great options from hummus to a great Greek pizza served with your favorite mix or specialty signature drink.As a fan of Luna Lounge, I invite you to come and have a great fun time at Luna Lounge!!!!See you there!.
4	A little hidden next to the encore but I'm definitely a fan.  There's small bites and a dope bar! The hookah isn't expensive at all. Definitely will be going back!
5	Came here on a Monday night (industry night). The place is nicely decorated and clean. I ordered the Melon Blast w/ Mint for Hookah and the flavor was good and the smoke was smooth. Maysam offered great customer service. This is a great place to take friends who's visiting Vegas since it's on the strip next to Encore Hotel. They have a bar and DJ booth, and offers bottle service I think. Come here early if u just want to chill and relax, come later if u want to party.
5	i usually don't review a place until i go there at least 2-3 times and i been to luna lounge about 4 so far so i thought why not.Luna lounge , hats off to the guys who designed and built a great environment ! great lighting and great furnishings definitely a great place for dates ! FOOD -was good , came out in a decent time and i barely noticed the wait giving the fact i was drinking and smoking hookah !DRINKS -great prices not expensive giving the fact its on the strip ! greatly mixed and spot on the taste ! the server answered all my questions and concerns checked up on my regularly and made her self greatly appreciated. HOOKAHS -i ordered different flavors each time to kind of test the man mixing tabacco, and let me say good job to that guy, each flavor and combination of sheesha i ordered came either exactly how i wanted it or pretty damn close.hookahs came started so i didn't have to take 20 mins sucking on the thing to get it started - bowls lasted me 45 mins - 1 hour maybe a little more . they come around with new charcoal regularly (coconut coals) being a hookah smoker i think this places is great. i spoke with the young man making the hookahs and he was very educated in the hookah field answering all my questions and concerns !overall ill say my visits were great .food- they have salads,pizza (such as white,greek,that,etc), hummusdrinks- well stocked bar offering a whole range of beverages hookah- they offered alfakher, nahkla, starbuzz, haze, fumarai.check them out ! I guarantee you'll  have a rememberable time.
3	I enjoyed the hookah, but service was a bit slow and the music was a bit loud for a Monday night. Also, wasn't crazy about the Middle Eastern club music.
5	Out from LA visiting and decided to come try the hookah. Service and hookah were great. People were great
3	This place was ok. We ordered double apple and the shisha was way too syrupy. It was hard to inhale from flavor alone, not harshness (and we smoke a lot of hookah so I'm not just being a wimp). The food was also just average. We both had the chicken wrap. Be warned the red peppers are SUPER HOT inside it. The drinks however are strong, and our waitress was attentive. Probably won't be my first choice next time.
2	Ill trained and inattentive staff. Wait staff was completely disorganized. Took 5 mins to be acknowledged for seating and then another 10 mins to have our order taken, all while having to endure super loud obnoxious music. Since I found these guys in Groupon I was disappointed to learn that they did not honor the Groupon after 10 PM. Really lame as there was no mention of that.
5	Nice decor, workers were very informative on their wide selection of products. I had a great time. :)
5	Loved this place. We went in for a late night hookah session and had great bar and hookah service in a sexy, comfortable environment. French fries were tasty too.
3	So i have officially been to this place 4 times,  every single time my friends and i have came, its been crickets, completely empty! weve called and asked upon arrival if there will be a belly dancer etc. and were dooped in to going on each occasion. Hookah is eh, i smoke hookah on the daily so, as much as theyve tried its just been blah, burns way to fast!, and idk what there doing wrong. Food is good, drinks are very good, servers are nice, and love the security guard he is just extremely nice!, Also the singer is great as well, just no one is ever there to make the vibe follow through with it, which is obviously not in the owners hands, if the hookah was awesome i honestly would not mind the rest of the issues.
1	As a serious Hookah lover and a local, I frequent many of the hookah lounges here in the city. I have never walked into a hookah lounge and walked back out as quickly as I did. I didn't even check in! Walking into this hidden flop around 1:00 am, the first thing I noticed was the place looked very unkept and mundane. There were a scattered few people just sitting there and staring into oblivion, no conversations, no dancing, no lively entertainment., no fun. The most OUTRAGEOUS thing I couldn't help to block out was the overly obnoxious and extremely loud music that the "DJ" was playing. In such a small place, there should never be music as loud as this was. This is not a concert venue, but a hookah lounge where there is supposed to be a relaxing mellow vibe. I couldn't even communicate with the waitress with what I wanted and she couldn't as well. My group and I started off at our table with a few waters and continuously struggled with the idea of actually staying here for a round of hookah. We were served Voss water without having the choice of tap. What if I didn't want to pay 12 dollars for a pretentious bottle of water? I didn't even want to experience the possible disappointment of a shisha sesh. The mood was so desolate and lifeless with horrible, ear-piercing "music," we had to leave, STAT! Hookah has caught on to be a trendy aspect in the nightlife of Las Vegas over the past decade and I get the idea of said places trying to transcend the competitive idea of what a true hookah lounge is supposed to be. I don't know about you, but this is not what a hookah lounge should consist of. Personally, these lounges should forever be evolving, innovative but still remain true to this incredible Middle Eastern tradition. Luna is lost, if not dead. They have some major improvements if they ever want to see there business evolving positively. I've been past Luna many a time because of my insatiable hunger for the incredible tacos at Tacos El'gordo and I've always wondered what that eerie structure in the back was with an empty parking lot??   Oh.....a place I will never go back to again.
5	Just cam here three days in a row ! And I have to say thank you to the friendly staff ! They answered all my questions and concerns everyday had a different theme and event so it was never a dull moment here Food great Drinks amazing Hookahs flavorful and long lasting !
5	Good vibes smooth hookahs great service and to too it all of amazing music and good atmosphere
5	when it come to hookah lounges. this is as good as it gets. they have an amazing customer service. not mentioning the beautiful servers. they are on top of everything. table checks very often. ensuring the best service you could ask for. coal service extremely fast and reliable aswell. this is a high class lounge compared to other lounges around the las vegas valley. very clean. very sanitized swell.
5	This place is amazing if your looking for a chill place to come smoke hookah, eat or drink with friends  come to this place it is a very friendly  service... Especially by Kenny Mundo who handles your hookahs for your stay
1	Been here twice now. If my first visit was anything like my second, I would have never returned. First time we came around 11pm on a Saturday night, very small crowd, but we enjoyed our hookahs. My friend I was with had told me they have Kale Pache on Friday nights, I'm not into boiled sheeps head, but I'd be more than willing to come just for the experience. After a fantastic dinner at Barrymore, we decided to stop in. It was around 8pm and it was a totally different crowd. The music playing was, um, every other word was the n* word, I mean I like Tupac just as much as the next guy, but can we mix it up? The girl next to us was wearing a sports bra as her shirt. I kept hearing the same word out her mouth as well. So this time around...the hookahs sucked. We tried 4 different times, and my friend even gave the guy $20 to see if that would help with the problem. Nope. Cocktail list is kinda crap. And if I'm paying $12 for bottled water, it better be Evian Pure or something of the like. Not Voss. Side note, Kale Pache is only during Xmas time.
5	I've been here a few times before. The food is great, portions are just the right size and the prices are decent, but what makes me go back every time is their incredible pineapple hookahs. My buddies and I are in love with the hookahs they make here.  I talked to the owner, and he said someone named "PEDRAM" is the genius behind this work of art. So make sure when you go there, you ask for him to make your hookah. Im sure you'll love it.
4	A fan they are nice and service is a little slow but its a lounge. great hookah and great products need to turn down music a bit when its slow times, but all in all it is a good place to hangout and dance.
5	We went during the day & it was a great low-key hangout. The staff was great, consistently checking on our hookah coals & brought us more pita bread for our hummus trio plate.We used a groupon and for $18 we got a hookah, hummus trio plate & a pot of tea. It was good for up to a group of 4. It was a great deal for what we got! It was too warm outside for hot tea so they were happy to bring us glasses with ice to go with our tea. We ordered green tea & it was perfectly sweet.I plan on coming back here again on my next trip to Vegas.
1	One of the worst hookah lounges I've ever been to. I'm from sf and I've been to every hookah lounge in CA. The place is REALLY nice but the management is horrible. I guess the owner was there and when we walked in we asked is it self seat or they seat us  he just said just go sit down ? Really rude much. The waitress or host whatever you want to call her do sent know a tad bit about hookah. I asked for a specific flavor she said they don't have it. Then later when I got my nasty tasting hookah. The guy was like oh ya we do have that flavor. And didn't even bother to change mine. I got 2 hookahs and each one was worse than the other. Place has potential just needs the right people to run it. And also the dj sucks my 8 year old nephew can pick and mix better music. Never commin back
4	Such a relaxed chill spot all the staff were helpful and attentive a must try for everyone
5	Nice lounge highly recommended cant wait to try the fruit bowl.... ok tried the apple bowl with peach cooler and mint... very very good thanks guys
5	This is a great spot! After lots of gambling, my boyfriend and I were ready to sit down, relax, and watch the World Cup. The service was great and we really enjoyed the relaxed atmosphere. I ordered the Caesar Salad and was pleasantly surprised to have a delicious and pretty salad brought out to us. We will be sure to come back anytime we are in Vegas!
1	Never the type to write these types of reviews, but believe me when I say DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY COMING TO THIS RIDICULOUS PLACE. Allow myself to explain my reasoning behind why I would never ever go back to this poorly ran establishment. I have been here twice now and I can confidently say never again.ENCOUNTER ONE: First of all, looking for a place to smoke hookah and get drinks with friends -- this was a location that came up that provided both. I was even more excited that when I googled it, a GroupOn came up. As a precaution, I called Luna prior to purchasing it and they said they were accepting the GroupOns and were open until 3-4 in the morning. With that said, I purchased the GroupOn, which stated one hookah, one hummus trio plate, and one pot of Teavanna tea. My friends and I arrived around 11:30pm. Once seated, I presented the GroupOn to our server and she actually physically took my phone (without asking) to a room behind the bar. When she returned, she said, "We do not honor GroupOns after 10:00pm." I, very nicely, told her we had called ahead of time and no time limit was mentioned -- nor was any time indicated in the fine print of the GroupOn itself. Very unapologetic, she said there was nothing she could do. I then asked if I could speak to the owner, who, I would like to add, was probably one of the most emotionless and careless people I had ever met. After talking in circles for about 10 minutes, he agreed to provide us with free hookah and a plate of fries on the house... and that he would not use our GroupOn, that we could use it next time we come in. I noticed he had pushed the redeem button on the GroupOn app and when I told him this, he just said not to worry about it... to just remind him next time we come in and he would take care of us. How nice of him, right? So, the night went on, the atmosphere was okay. The music was decent at times, at others it was not good at all. We ended up spending about 250$ on drinks and shots, but the service was terrible. We would have to flag someone down any time we needed something and half the time, I had to ask twice to get something. This is definitely not a place that knows how to work their tips... These girls did not care about providing good customer service one bit. The night ended, and while I wouldn't say it was a memorable night, it wasn't a total fail either -- so I told myself I would give it another try next time. I did have a GroupOn I still was able to use for my next visit afterall.ENCOUNTER TWO: Fast forward two weeks later. I had a friend who was in town visiting, looking for something chill but fun to do. Arriving at 8:30pm, clearly before the supposed undisclosed 10:00pm time frame, I presented the GroupOn to our server. I explained the situation about the last time and how the owner said he would let us use this at another time. She requested to take my phone to show the owner and spoke with him briefly across the room, where he was sitting in a corner smoking hookah with two other people. She came back to say that it was the other owner who said that, and they had called him numerous times without any ability to contact him for verification. She apologized and said there was nothing she could do. Despite the situation, no customer service was given. We decided to stay since we were already there. I was already annoyed... but 30 minutes later, I see the same owner, THE SAME OWNER WHO TOLD ME TO MY FACE HE WOULD HONOR IT TWO WEEKS AGO, who was who she spoke with, who promised the use of the Groupon. We made eye contact for more than a second, to where I knew he knew who I was... and all he could do was awkwardly look away and keep walking. All I could do was laugh! It is obvious business for them isn't going well, based of how the place was not busy at all... but you turning customers away is not going to help your business either. The fact this place lacks serious customer service and has owners who know nothing about customer service themselves vouches for why it is that way. Bottom line, I gave this place a chance... TWICE. The servers are terrible, the drinks are overpriced, the venue is small, and above all, the owner himself is a lying piece of scum. Living in Las Vegas for the last 10 years, I've never been to such a poorly managed establishment. Never again, Luna. My last words: FUCK THAT PLACE.
1	When I first walked in I was looking foward to smoking some hookah since I can't go to a club or anything in vegas since I'm under 21, when the waitress came to take our order we asked her for a fruit salad and a hookah. She said if we wanted a fruit bowl we said no just a regular hookah with a fruit SALAD! The hookah comes out it its a fruit bowl and it's supposed to last longer than a regular head so we kept it, but after 5 minutes it started burning. When it comes to smoking hookah I know exactly how everything is supposed to be set up and it was not set up good at all. We asked the waitress if she can call the guy to come fix it she never called he never came so after 15 minutes we got up to go. It was supposed to last "long" yea not really. The fruit salad was tasty and fresh. My first impression on this place was not so well.
5	Great atmosphere, food is delicious, and the hookahs are prepared to perfection. be sure to ask for Bryaun if you want excellent customer service!
4	i came here on a saturday night! the spot is kind of hidden but we found it..fun chill place with good music and hookah! the staff is very friendly! must try the seduction hookah, its very flavorful, my fav! not too sure on how the food taste. drinks are good (with cute names)but a little on the pricey side but then again it is vegas... if im ever in the area i'd definitely be back!
5	Best hookah lounge in Las Vegas. Amazing atmosphere. The fruit top hookahs are incredible!
5	I've been here couple of times now. After trying many hookah lounges all over, I found my best secret hang out where quality and service meet. Best hookahs and food in town.
5	Amazing hookahs. Awsome food. Decor and furnitute is amazing. Great ambiance. Will come again.
5	Great ambiance and atmosphere. It's what I needed after partying at the pool parties next door at Encore. They use high end hookahs and products as well. Definitely worth checking out since they're prices are amongst the lowest on the Vegas strip. Kenny is one of the managers there and he was very helpful with his insight on hookah. They're fruit bowls are a plus also. This place again is worth trying since they operate almost around the clock.
5	Cool spot to come and chill. We came right before they closed and they still let us come in and smoke a bowl. Go in and see Sabrina! She's the best!!
5	This is a great spot. I don't smoke hookah alot, however this is great! One bowl is perfect for four people! Great service!
5	It was fun they had the world cup on and the Pina Coloda flavor was delicious. I would definitely come back next time I'm in vegas. Parking was easy so that's a big plus for being right on the strip.
5	This place is a real nice venue and great for a groups club like and lounge open during the day which is great also. And great service!
4	This was my first time here & it was great! The venue is extremely clean & a pretty decent size. The menu has a good variety to choose from & the drinks are worth what you pay. As for the hookah, there are over 50 types of flavors & only $22 with $12 refills. The only reason I did not give this lounge 5 stars was because I ordered a cheesecake about 25 minutes after arriving & I never got it. Overall, its a great place for food, drinks & hookah.
2	I'm a local girl serious about my hookah. Me and boyfriend decided to try a new place so we consulted Yelp (of course). Luna lounge was terrible. The staff was inattentive and unhelpful. Our beers were empty for a good 20 minutes before I went to the bar to get the check (no refill needed at that point). The hookah was a tad harsh. We asked for an ice tip and instead they put ice cubes in the tray. When getting our smoke on me and my man like to snuggle close...who doesn't? Impossible at Luna Lounge. Instead of the comfy couches usually seen in these types of establishments, they had uncomfortable individual chairs. My man is only 6' tall but his legs were cramping up. The environment certainly doesn't encourage staying awhile and trying multiple hookah flavors. The DJ played some sort of international music, maybe a draw for some, but certainly not what you want to hear when vibing out is the goal. I will not be back and do not recommend this place for anyone other than tourists staying in the area.
5	Love this place. Good hookah, good drinks, good service....even better vibe. We will Definally be back.
5	I absolutely love this place. It was very classy and high end with low pricing. My husband and I own a hookah lounge in Arizona. We loved the decor along with the atmosphere. The employees were very friendly and nice. We will definitely be back.
5	This hookah spot is amazing. The service was superb. I had hookah in the glass hose....the best hookah I ever tried. The owner is super friendly and so are the staff. Definitely will return to this spot on my next trip to Vegas!!!
5	I am a regular Shisha smoker, almost daily and I was first worried that I wouldn't find a decent place in Las Vegas, until today.If you are staying at the Wynn/Encore, this is a waking distance away and I am not lying when I say this is one of the best Shisha I had in the U.S. Very well done and very much in line with Hookahs I had Saudi, Dubai and others.The atmosphere is cool like a chill lounge, didn't try the food so I can't help you here.
1	Horrible service, no waitress came to help us i had to to walk  up to the bar myself to order a hookah n drinks. The waitress kept staring at us as she walked  (short blonde hair girl) by and never served us. Waitresses only kiss ass to people they know, guys and reserved bottle service. Dont bother goin here its very small and sucks.
5	First time here for Tuesday night comedy hosted by Mike P. The crowd was very mixed and the show was not only FREE but FUNNY!The menu offers healthy and non healthy options which is awesome. The interior if modern and classy, overall great place,clean, fun atmosphere!
5	My first time at a Hookah lounge, and I must say, I would definitely come back to Luna. My friends and I were in Vegas for a birthday weekend and as soon as we walked in, the DJ was going in! I mean the music was on point! We immediately sat down in the Reserved area (which we didnt reserve by the way) but was greeted and immediately served! We had hookah, took pictures, lot's of selfies, and danced the night away! The hookah was cool and fun to try!
5	Came on a Wednesday night. Everybody was having a great time. All the staff was super attentive and enjoyed their jobs. Atmosphere was amazing. Highly recommend. No other words to explain.  You will enjoy your time here. Thumbs up!!!
4	Hookah is great here. It's super strong and we'll mixed. They put the coals in these cages which prevents you from moving the coals but they are quick to blow out the bowls and refill charcoal. The food is awesome which is a lot to say for a hookah lounge. The Kind of people that come here are pretty diverse from the ghetto type to business men. Overall it was a good experience.
5	It's a little hard to find but it's behind the block of shops. Chilled out atmosphere on a Monday night which is nice. Interior is quite stylish for a hookah lounge, more like a nightclub design which tends to be the least focused (interior design) in places of this sort. Little details like lighting, TV screens, projector makes all the difference. They have a wide variety of hookah flavours and other types of hookah base like glass hookah on request for extra $. I can imagine on busy evenings like Friday and Saturday nights it would be busier with louder music and more nightclub feeling as there's a DJ booth in the corner and there's room to show off your moves. They serve cocktails too. Bathrooms are clean, spacious and bright which is a bonus. The waitress is attentive and friendly and tries to accommodate your needs. They have free wifi which comes in handy when you want to book your next show in Vegas! ;)
5	Wow! This place had a perfect hookah, lasted over over 2 hours and that's with no refill. Also, SABRINA, was awesome, great service with a nice smile. Around 11:30ish they had a beautiful belly dancer. Luna hookah had great atmosphere. Very satisfied!
5	Great hookah good music. Huge crowd and still payed attention to us. Hard to find good lounges in Las Vegas.
5	Great Atmosphere... Best Hookahs... Great Music...Good Food and tasty Drinks ... Highly recommended... Every time I come to Vegas, I definitely stop by Luna... overall A+
4	So Yelp deleted my previous review due to an autocorrect error... so I'm re-reviewing. I've been to Luna quite a few times... to be honest, partially because I was unaware of other hookah establishments. Luna is a nice hookah lounge tucked away in a plaza located in the north strip area. The first time we went, we didn't find it initially because it's more so in the back from the directions that GPS gave. If you're in the plaza near Encore, you're in the right place! The atmosphere is kind of noisey, definitely dark and trendy. On average, we experience average service. Our initial visit was great but it seems that every time we've returned... the attentiveness has dropped a smidge each time. You've gotta really keep an eye out if you notice your coals not hitting as great. They use coconut coals (it appears) which is nice. The hookahs that I've had hit alright... a little light, but it works. I wish during the day that they'd let a little light in...but it's on the strip and I don't think hookahing casually has picked up around here. I do enjoy the music video-dj thing they've got going on. Pretty much every song that plays is accompanied by a video. We've also visited right before a comedy night... which I kind of want to return and check out. The price of the hookah isn't so bad given Luna's location... if you find yourself staying on the strip and wanting to hookah...check this place out! :)
1	Just garbage. Not worth it. They don't serve you. Sat for 30 minute and didn't get served. Asked 3 times to get served. DO NOT GO.
5	I come to luna hookah lounge to a lot a bunch if great people working there. Fell in love with this place! Come by and see me!
5	Megan and jacky are the best bartenders here . They took good care of me and my friends . They completely made us all feel comfortable and very homey really good place . Good drinks and good vibes I highly suggest people to come to Luna's hookah lounge . 2 thumbs up type shit . Very chill .
5	I've been coming here for over a year now. I love the atmosphere but what shines the most is the amazing hookahs and absolutely great customer service! Everyone is on point and I've been treated like family. I definitely recommend this place to become your second home as it is now and has been mine! Thanks Luna!
5	Been here quite a few times now, it's our second favorite hookah bar in Vegas. The BF knows his hookah and he really likes this place. The atmosphere is fun; dark and trendy, but can get loud at times depending on what's going on. The seating is comfortable, especially when you can snag a couch. We've always had good service here.
5	First time here, super sexy atmosphere! Heard about it from some friends and decided to check it while I was in town, service was great and Marian took real good care of us.. Can't wait to come back
5	I really love this lounge they treat u like so good u enjoy your time here I going to come back tomorrow it nice I really recommend this place
4	Nice place. Liked the ambience. Was on a corporate party do don't know how pricey it is.
