5	Great place!!! Have tried the Vermonter, Chicken Coop, Italian Stallion and the french onion soup. OMG! Fabulous! Meat piled sky high, fresh breads, great condiments, awesome combinations. Good cookies too. Haven't tried salads yet but if they're made anything like the sandwiches, yummy yummy in the tummy! Try it, you'll like it! Try the lemonade! Fresh squeezed and oooohhhh so addictive. If you've never tried an Arnold Palmer (fresh squeezed lemonade and fresh brewed ice tea together), please try it. The best ever tasted. If I could have a bottomless glass or buy it by the gallon, I would. Have known one of the owners for 5+ years, funny guy that Toby. What a personality. Met Jodi, other owner, she seems like a great gal. Best of luck to them both on this venture and hope the future is bright!
5	The obsession started about 2 yrs ago and I haven't looked back since...Started with getting them catered for lunch, then a trip here or there to the restaurant. SO. GOOD. The bread is amazing, but the love, sweat, tears and what ever else they pop in there is addicting. Hmmm, now I am wondering what it is they put in there?? Anyway, I won't think too long and hard about that one. But tomorrow I'm definitely heading back for the Vermonter, gotta feed the addiction.
2	The salad in my sandwich was a great idea.  Lettuce, tomatoes, onion, pepperoncini tossed in balsamic vinegar, oh my, and then piled onto a fresh roll with ham and salami with mayo and mustard.  Not too bad, I must say.  It is, however, too bad the salami was a cheaper kind and not a dry Italian salami.  It kind of made the sandwich a little salty, but doo-able none the less.I ordered the pasta salad as a side.  I wont make that mistake again.  It's my understanding that pasta salad will be on the acidic side, usually involving vinegar of some kind.  This pasta salad was not acidic at all.  it included cabbage, carrots, sun-flower seeds and a taste that I still cant place.  It looked like it was a "bus-tub" salad.  I took two bites and gave up, no sense in wasting calories.Overall, I think this place has potential, but my experience was nothing to write home about, sorry mom.Fortunately for the rest of you . . . . I'm addicted sharing my experiences: be them bad, good or just so-so, lucky you!!
5	VSC puts the ART in sandwiches!  They really do take their time prepping your sani for you.  I've taken several peeps there and everyone is like, WOW!!!!  From the Hen House (egg salad) to roast beef, it really is all good.  The owner and staff are such a joy to talk with.  You're guaranteed a smile every time :-)
5	I had a little problem with the turbocharger on my car (and I think we would all agree that life without "turbo" is pretty nearly unbearable! :-)Turns out the turbocharger wastegate solenoid was sticking...man I hate it when that happens! But my trusty mechanic at Radiator King (Steve may truly be an automotive genius) quickly, expertly (and inexpensively:) diagnosed and repaired said wastegate solenoid while I went and enjoyed lunch!Delightful!I wandered across the lot trying to decide between Andreoli Italian Deli and Vermont Sandwich Company.I decided on VSC, because when you think about it...a whole company, devoted to sandwiches! :-) Geez! What a good idea!What if other companies devoted themselves to what they say they do?What if US Air and United Airlines were really in the business of expertly flying people around?What if GM and Chrysler were  truly in the business of building adequate and serviceable vehicles?What if AIG had actually been in the insurance business?What a world this could be.Happily, VSC is the real deal. Their devotion to sandwiches and the related accouterments is real and touching in its sincerity:)Walking into the establishment, you are confronted by an almost overwhelming array of choices...fear not, they will (with a smile, BTW:) help you navigate through the menu.The place itself is very "Vermonty"...an eclectic blend of painted 2x4 stud walls and 2x4 tchotchke shelves with all manner of toy cars, salt and pepper shakers, small pictures, etc.That's juxtaposed with Deadhead posters, Phish memorabilia, Dave Matthews Band paraphernalia and Live In Brooklyn playing in the background.I ordered a "Long Trail", a very Vermonty reference to the Green Mountains of Vermont and the hiking trail through those mountains (an incredibly beautiful hike, if you ever get the chance:) with a frosty hand squeezed lemonade...lunch as it was meant to be:)The Long Trail is a softball size wad of house roast beef, shaved super thin and served on 9 grain bread (in my case...I don't really care for sourdough, but VSC will happily customize for you:), with fresh tomatoes, lettuce, horseradish mayo, pickles, gruyere and...wait for it...crumbled bacon! It was a nearly perfect roast beef sandwich!It came with potato salad...really good potato salad!!...not far from what I would make for myself:)A word about the sides at most sandwich shops...that word is "crap":)Too often the sides are, at best, uninteresting afterthoughts...at worst, something inedible, bought in 55 gallon drums from Costco:(Not here!They make their own potato salad, slaw and pasta salad...all are fresh and tasty!I felt like I had taken a pleasant little trip to Vermont in the summer and found myself a great little sandwich place off the Long Trail...and I didn't even have to endure the garbage scows of the skies at US Air to get there:)
5	My Honey and I went here today for a lunch date for the first time ever. The ambiance was cozy, the staff was friendly, attentive, down to earth and MOST IMPORTANTLY THE FOOD WAS SOOOOOOOOOOOO DELICIOUS!!!! I know you're saying, "it's just a sandwhich" but no, it's not "JUST a sandwhich!" I bulit my own with the most delicous whole grain bread, maple turkey, fresh avacados, & GREEN APPLES!! YES GREEN APPLES!! WHO WOULD OF THOUGHT??!! THEY ARE AMAZING!!! YOU MUST TRY this little spot. It's so yummy! The arnold palmers are FRESH Squeezed, each one!! For the lady that left a 1 star review, come on! Things happen, i'm 1000% certain they corrected the problem. what upstanding business wouldn't?! They Also have yummy treats!! Can't wait to go back!
4	This place rocks. I chose it as payment from a buddy at work whom I had picked up a couple of pounds of chorizo from Bill's Market over the weekend for.  Man am I glad that we went here. I had read the reviews on yelp and even reached out to my fb network.  Most of the pre-meal feedback I had received was positive and I was confident that I was going to get a good meal.  I drove up there (the place is at Via Linda and 90th next to Teakwoods) after viewing the menu on-line and had already narrowed down my sandwich choices to a couple.  Walking up to the restaurant I noticed seating for about a dozen or so folks outside. Walking inside I was immediately hit by the aromas of warm bread, baked goods, and other goodness. After double checking the menu and seeing that the soup of the day was chili (sounded good but not enough to deter me from ordering a sandwich today), I was ready to order one of their signature  sandwiches, the Long Trail. However I will have to wait for another day to get properly introduced to a sandwich that is constructed by their own roasted beef with crumbled bacon on sourdough with peppered horse radish mayo, muenster cheese, lettuce, tomato, red onion, green pepper and dill pickles. Seriously if you are the owner and reading this, without even trying the sandwich I am now going to start lobbying for you to change the name to the Peter.  They were out of their roast beef. I am going to chalk it up to it being a Monday morning, they make their own and they are closed on Sundays, but there is still no excuse to not have Roast Beef readily available and alas this is why you have been deducted a star.  But enough about what wasn't there, let's talk about the masterpiece that I did order instead.My second choice was the Italian stallion. A honey baked ham, hard salami and provolone cheese with lettuce, tomato, red onion, green pepper, pepperoncini and pickles tossed together in their balsamic vinaigrette on a sub roll slathered with mayo and mustard.  At the manager/owner's? suggestion I had them toast the sucker and got a bag of chips for $8.00.  It took about 5-10 minutes for the sandwich to be made and I was out the door. While I waited the manager had offered up a complimentary chocolate chip cookie which was nice, although I don't think that it is standard operating procedure there.  The ambiance is cool and they play 70's rock. A full sandwich which is about a foot with a side (either potato, pasta salad, coleslaw, or chips) will run you 7.95 and a half sandwich with side runs you 5.75.  They also make fresh squeezed lemonade and serve Pepsi products. They do get additional kudos for having a punch card.  Every time you spend 6.00 you get a punch. On your seventh visit you get 6.00 off your meal. Not a bad deal. Doing the math, that makes this place a good, affordable, and delicious choice for lunch.  I should mention that my sandwich was great and perfectly toasted, you could taste all of the ingredients and they blended well together. I would definitely order it again, unless they have roast beef next time that is.
5	Food was great - ordered The Long Trail (roast beef was EXCELLENT).  Quick service, everybody seemed friendly.I wasn't so much into the atmosphere - forgive me, but I went to school in Flagstaff in the late 1990s, and I'm not crazy about hippies...  but what was I expecting from a place called the Vermont Sandwich Company?  ;)
4	After my recent review of Vermont Sandwich Company I was contacted by Toby, one of the owners, who thanked me for for the kind words and also invited me back in to try the either the Canadian Dip or Long Trail sandwich.  Toby had read that I was disappointed that they were out of roast beef during my first visit and wanted to make sure that I was able to get a chance to try either of their delicious offerings containing this carnivorous delight.  I accepted Toby's offer yesterday and returned to the place that I had already raved about on yelp to try a sandwich that I had already anticipated the taste of the first time I saw it on the menu.  I am going to say that the only disappointment I had this time was in myself.  For those of you that may read this review and don't eat like a rabbit I highly suggest making the time to go and check out Vermont Sandwich Company and specifically The Long Trail sandwich. I must say that any people that make a sandwich using their own roasted beef with crumbled bacon on sourdough with peppered horse radish mayo, muenster cheese, lettuce, tomato, red onion, green pepper and dill pickles are probably close to sainthood. It amazed me how fresh everything tasted and the flavors together were wonderful.  What truly surprised me though was how the bread stood up to this sandwich. I had a bunch of stuff to get done at work and wasn't able to finish the entire sandwich in one sitting. When I went to finish the sandwich that I still should be named after myself at dinner, it was just as good. No soggy bread, the vegetables were still crisp, and the sandwich was still delicious.  Toby is probably sitting there right now asking why I haven't given the coveted fifth star at this point?  Let me tell you the reasons.  I do truly like everything about this place and will continue to go back for everything. I know it will all be amazing and I can't wait to try it.  Until I make sure for myself that I can say absolutely everything on the menu is fantastic I will have to withhold the final star. Also, I would love to be able to pick up a sandwich on a Sunday and eat it while watching some football, unfortunately the are closed on Sundays at this point.  I am not asking you guys to work seven days a week. I actually hope that you get enough business to extend your hours both later in the afternoon and on Sundays because you do have the best sandwiches hands down within a five mile radius.  If anyone out there can prove otherwise, put them up for the Nobel prize.  Seriously, I hope this place keeps turning out great food and I wish them some amazing success. I will be back to try everything else. For now, both the long trail and the Italian stallion have far exceeded my expectations.
4	I work in the area and was looking for a new place to go for lunch. We found this restaurant and I was quite pleased! The sandwich was great! Very filling, and tasty! They play great music while in the restaurant and it is just a great atmosphere to be in!  Very friendly, layed back staff! I had the Chicken Salad sandwich and it was very yummy! Can't wait to go back and try something new off the menu (which I think is pretty extensive!)
4	Green Mountain Veggie sandwich with extra Muenster cheese was my sandwich of choice today, and it was excellent - the veggies were fresh, crisp, flavorful, and it had a great texture with the soft Alpine Valley bread.  The Vermont theme was easy to spot, especially with the Magic Hat Brewing breweriana, although sadly Magic Hat does not distribute to Arizona yet.  Anyway, the sandwich was flavorful, filling, and I'm looking forward to my next visit.
2	I was at Jason's Deli today and it reminded me of the dick move this place made. Now that I yelp, I'm going to tell my story. It was the third visit to this establishment. The last two times I had what I think is called The Vermonter, a turkey sandwich with apples and cranberry mayo. They were delicious. The third time I went, I ordered a French Dip. A friend ordered one the last time we had gone and it looked good. After ordering, my two friends and I sat. After a couple of minutes, the man I believe is a manager or the owner told the guy in the back, "That's too much meat. Take it out." I thought that there was no way he was referring to my sandwich. I was sitting right there, after all. If you've been inside the shop, you know the inner seating is tiny. You can sit anywhere in there and know what everyone is saying. Then it showed up. He was talking about my sandwich alright. The meat was gone. Who does that?! Even if the sandwich maker had put too much, would you ask it be taken out within ear shot of the customer? My friends looked at my face and they knew. They knew this sandwich shop was dead to me and that we wouldn't be eating here again. I was so angry I didn't even taste the sandwich. I just silently shoveled in what I had payed for and left with my office buddies, stomach only half-full with broth-dipped bread.I wasn't rude or overly nice when I ordered. Just, y'know, normal. Cordial, I'd say.  I had a coupon.  Was that the problem?  Thinking back on it, I still find the whole thing bizarre.
3	The owner of Vermont Sandwich Co. just contacted me and offered to make right what happened to me during my last visit.  Nice gesture but I had to decline.  I didn't write what I did for a handout but I'm giving this place one more star for the offer.Vermont Sandwich Co is very highly rated.  For the owner to try to make right by one negative commenter among a multitude of positive, says something about the owner's integrity.I think a return visit to Vermont Sandwich Co. may be in order...
4	I used to really love this place. The vermonter is the best sandwich I've ever had. My only issue is that they have shrunk the size of the sandwiches and kept the price the same. But the flavor is still incredible.
4	The Turkey Ruben was great! The slaw had a perfect slightly sweet taste. I like that the owners were hands on and very friendly. They allow dogs on the patio. I will be back the next time I am in this part of town.
4	Like "good things come in small packages", great sandwiches can come from small shops.  What the Vermont Sandwich Company lacks in dining area is more than made up by the size and flavor of those big beautiful sandwiches!I met a friend for a late lunch - a nice break from the typical 'eat at my desk while doing three other things' type of days I usually have.  Since variety is the spice of life, we ordered two different sandwiches to split: - Long Trail (delicious roast beef on sourdough with crumbled bacon, muenster cheese, lettuce, tomato, red onion, green pepper and a fantastic horseradish mayo)- The Vermonter (maple glazed turkey & honey baked ham on wheat wtih sharp cheddar, lettuce, red onion, thinly sliced granny smith apples and cranberry mayo)It was past the lunch rush, so our food was prepared pretty quickly.  When I first saw the sandwiches I thought "So how exactly am I supposed to eat these?"  They were big.  Very, very big.  With a little squishing/flattening I managed without making too huge of a messy disaster.  While I enjoyed them both, my favorite by far was the Long Trail.  VSC roasts their own beef, and it went so nicely with the horseradish mayo.  Delish!Before we left, we were given a sample of a freshly-baked peanut butter/chocolate chip cookie.  Mmmm...If you have the Phoenix edition of the Entertainment Book, VSC has a coupon - buy one menu item and get one free, up to $8.  That's a whole sandwich, people!  Enjoy!  :)
5	Vermont Sandwicxh company is a hidden gem.  We stumbled up this little shop this past week, and there were so many choices we could choose from.  Sandwiches, wraps, and salads.  I had a turkey breast wrap, and the meat was freshly sliced and super thin.  The owner ended up talking to us, and giving us a piece of Peanut butter cookie that was absolutely sinfully delicious.  I am defintiely going to go back for lunch soon!
5	I've been wanting to try this place for a while now, but because of their hours it didn't work out until just last week.  Let me tell ya..it was worth the wait!  They are only open from 11-4 M-Sat and  I wish they were open normal business hours because I would probably eat there for dinner all the time.They have a great menu of sandwiches, salads, wraps, etc..  I had the Stragefolk Sandwich (Maple glazed turkey, spicy country mustard, muenster cheese, shaved carrots,red onions and a heaping mound of homemade coleslaw on 9 grain bread).  It was a large portion with a side included and it was less than $10.  The meat was really good - freshly sliced while I waited.  The bread was great - they also sell it by the loaf.  The ingredients all seemed very fresh and healthy.  The owner mentioned that they try to use organic and fresh ingredients to keep things on the healthy side and I really could taste the difference.While we were eating, the gentleman that was working brought us a sample of the Lobster Bisque soup.  It was to die for with large chunks of fresh lobster.  He said they only serve it the last Friday of each month because it is so expensive to make and with their reasonable prices it ends up being almost a wash.  He also brought us each a piece of a peanut butter cookie.  OMG!  Delish!Needless to say, I will definitely be eating here again!
4	Finally!!  After three separate tries,  I made it to the Vermont Sandwich Company when they were open.  I had to meet the carpet cleaner at 1:00 pm and was starving.  So I stopped, and they were actually open.  It isn't that they don't keep regular hours - it just seems I always get hungry for a sandwich at weird times.I had the whole Long Trail sandwich - roast beef, horseradish mayo, muenster cheese, extra onions,  green peppers, crumbled bacon, and a delicious pickle.  Also a side order of potato salad.  The service was quick, and the person taking the order was very helpful.  There is plenty of sandwich - in fact, I had some left to eat for a late snack.The VSC has a wide variety of hot and cold sandwiches, wraps,  and salads.  They make the sandwiches out of fresh ingredients, and actually cook their own beef for the sandwiches.  An interesting concept is you can build your own sandwich - something like a pizza.  But I want to try a few more of their combinations before I experiment.One thing I did find - if you aren't hungry when you go in, you will be after you look for a while.  The aroma of beef, bacon, and condiments is enough to make your stomach growl.One of the best sandwich places in Scottsdale.  I'll be back - I even have a menu with the hours listed.
5	Had a bad day yesterday and decided my health-conscious lunch would *not* cut it as far as getting me through my work day. I've always loved VSC & have had their menu at my desk but I hadn't been in a while. Put an order together w/ some co workers & called. I was read to go pick it up, but then they told me THEY DELIVER! I don't believe they did the last time I'd been there. Went out on a limb & tried the Dead Head wrap - soooo good and WELL worth the price b/c it's huge. I almost took off a star b/c their pasta salad is NOT what it used to be. I don't know if they changed it or if they are just inconsistent in making it, but it was kind of embarrassing that I'd told my coworkers how awesome it was just to have it come out not so great.
4	I've quickly become hooked on this tiny sandwich shop. Maybe it's the way it makes me feel like I'm in a small town, not a strip mall in Scottsdale. Maybe it's the delicious, huge sandwiches and salads. I hope it doesn't get too popular, cuz then I won't have anywhere to sit and eat lunch! I love it.
4	A nice diversion! A tad difficult to find amidst all the little businesses back behind Fry's, but well worth it.The shop is quite cozy, shall we say... only 4 or 5 indoor tables and we took the last one. It has a nice atmosphere though and the people working there are friendly. Some Vermont subculture was imported for your viewing pleasure.Sandwiches=good! I got the Long Trail and the combination of flavors was just perfect. There are a lot of ingredients on that thing, which makes for a tricky balancing act (flavor-wise, and holding the sandwich-wise) but they nail it quite well. I'm always leery of pickles overpowering the whole sandwich but they are really just complementary to the house-roasted beef and other stuff.The only "area of opportunity" I see is that they could really improve things a notch by using fresh bakery type bread. When I asked how big the sandwiches are, the guy held up a bag of commercial bread that you'd find in the grocery store aisle--seems a little odd considering their emphasis on fresh ingredients. If you don't want to bake your own bread, maybe strike a deal with a local bakery?Overall very tasty, fresh, and won't break the bank. Will return to explore other options.P.S. Vermont guys: For Pete's sake, grab the nearest English major and have them go through your web site. :P
5	I had hoped to be able to eat here but we pulled up just as they were closing. I'm from New England and I love the foodie culture of Vermont, so I was looking forward to a reminder of home! They really scored big points though for bringing over a home made dog biscuit for my puppy while we were sitting outside eating at the restaurant next door. I hope to be able to get back to that area to support them in the future. Thanks for taking care of my pup!! :)
1	Born and raised in VT I am partial to all food made in VT...I make huge efforts to get it here in AZ...When I saw the VT Sanwich Co here in AZ!!!! and went in and inquired about of course you use Cabot VT cheese I was beyond heart broken to be told NO...and the reasoning was beyond what I could hear...has a connection...is this is that...I did not want to hear any of it...so for a place I was so ...at first....over joyed to find...I am so saddened it is not like home ....:( and I am also sad to say I will not be trying the food even if it did smell wonderful ....it just is not truly VT without Cabot VT cheese....
5	As a fellow New Englander I was so happy to see this Vermont Sandwich Shop. I actually learned about it from a flyer that was sent to us through the mail giving a nice discount. However, they are not open past 5:00pm and that was pretty disappointing considering how yummy their sandwiches sounded on the menu. The first time we went there it was Veteran's Day. I had a wrap with some fantastic chicken salad. It was to die for. My husband had the Italian Stallion Sandwich and it was terrific. They have some great combination's and everything there is very fresh. I have been there three times since Veteran's Day!! I tried their chilli today and a taste of my husband's french onion soup with homemade croutons. The sandwiches are definitely hefty so I agree with the others that you need to go here with an appetite. I also enjoy the New England/Vermont-like decor with it's Ben and Jerry elements of the 70's tie-dyed shirts and Dead Head posters. Great spot to get a nice lunch. Their only downfall is that they probably are not getting the exposure that they need because it is so tucked into this plaza. This is definitely a place that I will be frequenting quite a bit!PS- Try the cookies!!
4	This place has very good sandwiches and wraps. The roast beef is made in house (I believe) and really good. The Vermonter, which is their version of Thanksgiving in a sandwich is also tasty. They also have daily specials that offer pretty unique sandwiches/wraps. One time I was being adventurous and went for their special of the day which was a curry chicken wrap. Usually, that would be the last thing I would order from a sandwich shop. I normally only trust asians to make curry anything. lol. I wasn't very hungry so I thought, if it was bad I wouldn't be so disappointed. To my surprise, it was very tasty. I thought the curry flavor would be too strong and overpower the taste of everything else but it wasn't. The wrap was stacked with massive amounts of flavorful moist chicken. Yummm... I also like how you can choose what flavor wrap you want.I love their french onion soup here. It's rich and very flavorful. They make their own croutons and somehow they stay toasty even after I take it to-go and make it back to work. Theres also a lot of black pepper in the soup... my kind of style, I don't have to add any myself ;)I haven't paid much attention to pricing. One time I went and got a  wrap, soup and iced tea and paid a little over $7. Another time I got the same thing and paid a little over $11. *Shrugs* still fair value at both prices with the amount of food you get, but of course the $7 something is better. lol
5	Wow is all I have to say! Try this place for sure!
4	Stumbled upon this place through yelp and was not lead astray!  I had their signature roast beef sandwich (I forget the name) but it was delicious.  There were only 2 people (myself and one other customer) there when I ordered and it seemed to take quite a long time to get the food.  I got mine first (took about 5-10 mins) and the poor other guy there didn't get his sandwich till I was almost done with mine!  Not sure what the problem was, but I would hate to see this place at lunch rush... probably want to order ahead!
4	I noticed this place getting good reviews on Yelp and decided to try them out yesterday for lunch.I had the Long Trail which is roast beef on sourdough with a bunch of other stuff in it.  The sandwich was huge and tasted great.  Next time I think I'll ask them to toast the bread which, for me, would make it better.They have a nice patio outside in front which is great now that the weather is getting nice.All their sandwiches look good and I'll be back to try a few more.
5	Thanks be to Yelp that we found Vermont Sandwich Company. Tucked away in a neighborhood strip center is this fine local gem.The entire experience is exactly why I love local and Yelp. As we walk in I become overwhelmed by the menu so I ask what I should have and minutes later the owner is still talking about the sandwiches and how everything is made there, etc. etc. Great to hear the passion!Then out comes the Long Trail for me, the Green Mountain for the Mrs., and a surprise Fluffnutters for the kids. You see, we didn't order anything for the kids, but he brought it out "on the house". Great sandwiches for all!! The owner again comes out and hands us a wet cloth to clean up the kids as he must have seen us scrubbing (or trying to scrub) the marshmallow off the kids.
4	I am removing one star from this place because of the extremely slow service. This is an order at the counter place, so you expect it to be a little bit faster. But that's not the case. You actually wait longer than a sit down restaurant. I would subtract more stars due to the frustration every time I visit, but the food is just that good! This is still a must try place. But if you are in a rush or have children with you, you might want to pass. Or call your order in so it's ready for pick-up.
5	OK YELP FANS, This is a treasure! I spent 10 minutes trying to convince the owner that one of these needs to be opened in our neighborhood and would make a fortune. There are no sandwich shops in our little downtown foodie area and we could so use a place like this. So, for those Arizonians and the rest of you headed to the area, you really need to eat here and often. If you have a nearby business, consider catering. I wish my work ordered stuff this good, talk about a moral booster!We were in the area for a baseball game, of course.Checking out the new Salt River Stadium. I knew, since the ballpark did not allow us to bring in our food and therefore we did not eat, that we would be hungry after the game. This place popped up on the trusty YELP mobile ap. The catch (no puns intended), they were going to close in 25 minutes and we were still in the top of the 9th inning. Um, SG, can we leave now so we can check  out this really well rated sandwich shop that is nearby? Woohoo. He said yes. So, we ditched the game (despite the tied up at 2 in the top of the 9th) and made a fast B line for Vermont (sandwich shop, that is.) We arrived to find Dave, one of the owners. We arrived with 5 minutes to spare (and found that he is a little flexible on the close time since he is usually working on paperwork.) He told us the whole story about the place. There are 4 of these, all in Vermont. It is not a chain. It is family run business. Each of the locations owners are related by blood, marriage or some combination of the two. All of the recipes are family recipes handed down, including some of the dressings and the mayonnaise. Everything is made fresh daily and fresh local ingredients. The only thing they do not make themselves is the bread, which they get fresh from a local maker. Our YELP research highlighted two of the best known for sandwiches, the Vermont and Long Trail. Neither of us are really into roast beef, but SG had to get it based on all the hype. I liked the idea of the Vermont, but had to get the chicken salad wrap. I am such the sucker for cranberry sauce, I just had to get it. So many things on the menu looked fantastic, and a few of the soups sounded delicious, but I had to settle on just one. I did break down and get two cookies though. I could never decide between pumpkin chocolate chip (a thick cakey cookie) and an oatmeal cranberry apple cookie. SG made me get both, because he knew the decision would take hours and possible end poorly....Dave continued to chat with us and hear me out about our plea for a Vermont Sandwich Company in Oakland or anywhere else East Bay (because we would drive for this place!!!) He gave us a sample of the Vermont. OMG, yummy. Cranberry mayo and sweet ham and maple turkey. Wow, delicious. I can see why it's a crowd fav. But then our meals were up. Great presentation.No scrimping on meat!!!!!! Generous portions and very fresh ingredients. Of course, the pics are up! Then the taste. Ok, this is the best wrap sandwich I have ever had. Really! The chicken salad, which is never my first choice, is great. With the lettuce, tomato, cranberry sauce and cheese. Everything is just so perfect together.Ok, I did skip the onions. I just do not love raw onions, but it all worked so great without them. SG;s Long Trail was also very tasty. The bacon with the roast beef along with the cheese and peppers and lettuce meld like  you would never expect. And, like many a yelper also said, I do not love Roast Beef. In fact, I avoid it almost at all cost. Dessert was a sampling of a little of each cookie. First, the pumpkin. Spiced pumpkin cake with chocolate chips. GREAT!!! Delicious and a nice change from the usual chocolate chip cookies. Then a little bite of the oatmeal. YUMMY. I could eat oatmeal anything and this is great. Soft and sweet yet a little crunch on the outside. Could not ask for much better than these two treats. The one cookie type we left behind, the double chocolate. This would surely be the first choice of most, but it is not high on my list. I am pretty sure it would have been absolutely sinfully chocolatey and great.Like others, I must mention that the location is a little odd. They even say in their menu/takeout/delivery menu that they are "out of sight, but not out of mind." They are back in the corner of the Fry's parking lot backing up to Via Linda between the Goodwill and Fry;s. Your best bet is to turn on Via Linda and then a left at the Goodwill. It will be in the little corner of shops to the left before you reach the front of the Fry's store. Yelp friends, eat here in my absence so that I can live vicariously through you. And Dave, if you read this, OAKLAND OAKLAND OAKLAND!!!!!  And, YELPERS don't forget to use the 15% off coupon from yelp.  The prices are more than the chain sandwich shops, but you definitely get what you pay for and will never regret it.
5	Was in town from LA with some friends, so glad we found this place! Great food - unique sandwiches, homemade ingredients. We had some lobster bisque that was to die for. We chatted for a while with the friendly owner, who gave us some tips on things to do around town. I'll definitely be back if I'm ever in the area again.
4	After spending almost 15 minutes driving around looking for this place I finally had to call because I was getting ready to just give up and head on over to one of my absolute faves in the area...Swaddee!! But I dialed up the phone and the girl on the other end helped guide me to this little gem tucked away just southwest of the parking lot in the Fry's shopping plaza. This place is a small, family owned sandwich shop that offers a really diverse menu and 3 homemade soups daily at a very reasonable price. I had a hard time decided actually because I wanted to stick to the diet and order a salad but the sandwich list was just calling to me. I ended up going with half a Canadian French Dip and a small salad which they let you substitute for chips. I figured it might offset the calories in the sandwich.Man was this sandwich GOOD! Lots of super thin sliced roast beef, spicy mayo and gooey cheese on a really fresh tasting roll. Its a good thing I went with half because I probably wouldn't have been able to restrain myself from eating a whole sandwich had I bought it.After reading some of the other reviews on here, I do have to agree that the service is a bit, well....."cold". Now, I do NOT expect an overly zealous staff in my face asking me how my day is going...in fact, that annoys me. But this isn't a real friendly bunch and the girl behind the counter seemed a bit confused and the trio of dudes working the kitchen behind her weren't really motivated to help her out, they seemed rather annoyed they even had to be there. That being said, it wouldn't dissuade me from returning and I'm even considering using their catering menu when we order big lunches for the office but it did cost them a star.
4	VSC has been on my short list to try for quite awhile.  It was just sort of far.  Not as far as Vermont, say, but kind of far.VSC makes sandwiches like I make at home.  Stacked, lots of interesting flavors working together, quality ingredients.Except I don't have to make them.  Someone does it for me at VSC.That is why I wish VSC was closer to my house.The interior decor is very Vermont as well.  If they parked a Westfalia outside the illusion would be complete.  I have actually gotten directions in Vermont that include something along the lines of "...hang a right at the second Westfalia."
4	I have not been to Vermont (the State), but these sandwich shop makes me want to visit it.  I love their sandwiches.  I am obsessed with the Rubens Place.  I also like the West Coast Wrap and the Killington.  Next time I am hoping to try something new, since so far everything has been very good.  My MO is to always buy a Rubens Place and then have my husband try something new.  That way I get to try something new but I can still enjoy at least 1/2 of my Rubens Place.
5	It is almost impossible to find a great sandwich shop that actually has good grinders and sandwiches.  Well my search is over.  I stumbled across this little shop and felt right at home in New England.  Being from Connecticut, I was so excited to see all the great food on the menu.  I had the Vermonter and it was bliss at every bite.  The owners are extremely friendly and you can tell that they want you to be very happy with their food and service.  Great food and great service, you will not be dissapointed....
4	The sandwiches are tasty but at almost 8 bucks per sandwich it's one of the pricier sandwich shops around.
5	Serious about sandwiches? I highly recommend this locally owned little lunch spot...I don't know why it took me so long to try this place, but it was worth the wait... I ended up meeting a friend here for a spontaneous lunch, and it was delicious!The large menu offers something for everyone and it's all super fresh and moderately priced.  I went with the The Green Monster (veggie wrap) but had them add tuna and change out the garden spinach wrap for a honey whole wheat one.  For my side, I chose their homemade coleslaw... loved every bite!  I washed it all down with fresh squeezed lemonade (just 99 cents with the Yelp check-in offer at the moment).  VSC is hiding behind Andreoli Italian Grocer just off the 101 and Via Linda... as it says on their website, they may be "Outta Sight... but (they are definitely not) Outta Mind!"  As a matter of fact, they are going to be fresh in my mind for awhile.  I can't wait to return!
4	Love this place, but hate their hours. I live about a mile away, but work about 20 miles away so unfortunately there's always closed by the time I get home from work. Ruining a delicious dinner of their turkey ruben or a fluffer-nutter pre-dinner snack.
5	These guys don't need any more positive reviews. The existing ones speak for themselves.   That said, I had such a fantastic experience here today, I had to share another 5 star review.Was out on business with my biz partner and we were a bit out of our 'hood and our element, so the biz partner looked up local restos with free WiFi and stumbled upon this lovely nook of a sammie joint.   Glad she did.  First off, just like it says on their website, they are a bit hard to find. The location is nestled away on the NW corner of 90th Street & Via Linda.  They're in a shopping center with a Fry's and an assortment of spa & wellness boutiques and a DVD conversion place.  The location is small, cozy, and eccentrically decorated like a slice of Vermont-icana (if that's even a word), with chill retro tunes playing and nods to "The Dead" and hippie-ish verbiage on their menu, which leads me to the food...The food was AMAZING!  Based on some other Yelp reviews,  I got the Long Trail.  It was great!  Fresh, fresh, fresh with homemade condiments and tons of fresh veggies.  It came with a choice of salad (I chose pasta), and I also added a cup of deliciously chilled squash soup, in the style of a Vichyssoise or gazpacho.  Pure, chilled perfection.  My biz partner had a chicken salad wrap (The Deadhead) that was completely over-the-top delicious! We swapped bites of our respective lunches but I was unable to convince her to do tradesies on the second halves of our individual sandwiches.  Hers was amazing and on my target list of the next visit.  We also sampled and then bought an AMAZING fresh maple-chocolate chip cookie that blew my mind!  I'd bathe in that recipe!!The best part of the experience was the staff.  We got there towards the end of the lunch rush and once the place cleared out and settled down a little, the owners generously took time to engage us in genuine conversation.  They are exquisitely down-to-earth, authentically nice and completely friendly, affable and accommodating.  We talked about everything from history to digital marketing to high school with them.  It was kinda like having lunch with old friends -- who we just met!!!  Totally sweet people and I wish them the best of success.  If they continue to run & build their business as they have been doing, there's no doubt in my mind they'll take the Vermont Sandwich Company anywhere they want it to go.  They deserve it; fresh, ample portions, fantastic ambiance and genuinely nice, caring service.  I wish all small businesses ran this way!
5	Hands UP! Best sandwich in town!  But you do not need me to tell you that! The reason I am slapping down 5 stars is for the unexpected exceptional service.  I needed to order a few sandwiches for work last week on the fly and of course everyone voted for Vermont Sandwich Company.  It was around 9am and they did not open until 10:00 ...which was the time my starving coworkers were expecting me to feed them. I pressed my luck and gave them a ring and to my surprise I was greeted by a friendly voice, helpful suggestions, and most importantly fresh and ready lunch for fifteen with a 10am pickup... a couple great catered platters of miscellaneous quartered sammies & chips.Thank you Vermont Sandwich for not being too hip or hungover to take my order! You now have another devoted follower
5	I'm willing to overlook all of the Phish memorabilia on the wall because they probably feel obligated to follow through on the whole Vermont stereotype. But these sandwiches aren't just sandwiches.  They are something that transcends the whole sandwich genre.I plan on putting on an old pair of Birkenstock's, mellowing out, and spending some serious time working my way up and down this menu.
2	Update**Pt. 2: Dave, the owner (apparently after seeing my review) came to my office with a fresh sandwich in hand. However, I had already found something else to eat so I was full and did not try his new sandwich. But, I do appreciate this type of service and apology.Pt. 1: Not only did my order take well over an hour and fifteen minutes, but by the time it got here the wrap I had ordered was soggy and gross. The soup I ordered was cold, and it has you choose a side for your sandwich (or wrap in my case) and I chose potato salad...no potato salad even came with it...not even a different side. Simply my soup, and a wrap (both pretty much unedible). I use GrubHub (from my home and office) multiple times a week and will never order from this place again. Avoid at all costs.
2	Came here today for the first and last time because of the exaggerated Yelp rating. Let me start off by saying I appreciate what this place is trying to be. However it falls short in so many areas it's almost sad. I used to love going to a deli in Old Town called the Picnic Company (now they did gourmet sandwiches right). I ordered the roast beef and it took 10 minutes (a bit long for me). The sandwich was mediocre at best the roast beef was quality but not the highest quality as the perception of this place would cause one to think. The potato salad was bland and tasteless. Honestly you can make better food at home, don't waste your time or your $9.00.
5	Oh my god how can anyone live in north Scottsdale and miss this gem for so long!?!Everything is fresh, the combinations are quirky, and work amazingly, plus the service is excellent.  The owners were there when I was, and were quick to help a n00b decide.  Everything we had was great.  They were sampling orange-white chocolate cookies as well, which were dangerously delicious.  Order the whole sandwich, you will eat it all.  I look forward to exploring this menu further in the not too distant future.
4	Their sandwich is totally different from "Subway" or "quinoz" kind of.They make really gourmet sndwich.There are so many choices, too.You will like this shop. Try!!!
4	These folks know what's up with the sammie world! OMG, I've only been once (well, twice, but only for kettle chips and a soda the first time)....so, I have yet to try the amazing menu "en totale"....but, rest assured, I'll give it my darndest and you'll be the first to know about my findings :)I had a wrap (gave in to a bit o' wheat that day, although I'm trying to stay on a wheat-free path)...it was fresh and flavorful but not overly filling = just right! The descriptions of some of the other choices, plus the amazing selection of cookies, makes for a great catering tray, I just bet! Look at some of the other Yelpers' photos for some idea of just what you have in store here!
5	This is the best sandwich shop in the valley.  And obtw, if you havent tried their soups, especially the lobster bisque, you're missing out.  The sandwiches are to die for.  The soup is to live for.
4	This place was awesome. Friendly. One thing is your sandwich will take about 15 minutes plus to get. Overall solid.
4	This place is not that easy to find but I'm glad I hung in there and found it because I really liked it.Stopped in for lunch last week to try something new. When I walked in I was immediately greeted. The man behind the counter asked if I had been in before and when I said no gave me several recommendations. He also told me the make all their mayos and sauces there. A big plus in my book. I decided to try the Vermonter with a side of pasta salad.The sandwich was plenty big and the bread was fresh (always important). The turkey and ham were tasty and the sliced apple was a nice touch. It was a little light on the cranberry mayo though. The couple bites I had where I could taste it I thought it was really good - would have loved more!The pasta salad hada good flavor but the noodles were either undercooked or dried out. Kinda seemed dried out. They were a little hard for pasta salad IMO.They have a few tables inside but more tables outside which was great since the weather was nice. Could get a little crowded inside in the summer.Overall I really liked this place and now that I know how to find it I would go back.
5	What a great little find!  My first impression was positive when we were asked if we had been in before.  Upon learning we had not been, TSM (the sandwich man) proceeded to welcome us and tell us about their product.  Almost everything is made from scratch.  Salads, soups, desserts, even the condiments are house-made.  They roast their own meats, too!  The only thing I'm not sure of is bread.  I don't think they make that.  They've got a ton of options on the menu, but if you can't find anything to suit you, order whatever you want.  They also do catering. My husband and I split a "Rubens Place."  Maple turkey, roasted red pepper, cole slaw, and swiss on rye.  Damn that was good, and I only half-way like a ruben to begin with.  Soup that day included some concoction with chicken and poblano chiles.  Damn that was good, too. Perfect lunch spot or easy dinner.  Might want to consider "to-go" because the place is pretty small, although there's a little outdoor space, too.
5	Great little shop, love the decor and the 2 guys behind the counter were very desirable. That aside, the Sandwiches were delish!  I had the Vermonter, with the most amazing mayo-like sauce I have ever swallowed...The atmosphere is comfortable and I will definitely be back again and again, if not for eye candy then at least for a little lunch.
2	I have friends that rave obout this place so I decided to try it. I think I made a mistake on ordering a salad from the VSC. Dont get me wrong, it was very fresh and tasted good. It was just a whole lotta lettuce and not so much toppings. I ordered the Cobb and there was maybe the equilivant of 2 pieces of meat, not sure if the bacon bits were fresh or packaged, about 1/4 of an avacado, and a tablespoon of blue cheese crumbles. The homemade crouton were good and the salad dressing was excellant. Now for a salad that cost over $7.00, that is just no right. Less lettuce and more protien would have been perfect. But they were very friendly and the salad tasted good. Next time I will go with a sammich.
4	I got a sandwich delivered from here on Friday that I ordered from Living Social.  I got a toasted ham and cheese with a cookie and a side of pasta salad.  The sandwich was really good and the mustard gave it just a hint of sweetness.  The pasta salad was delicious and the cookie was still warm and gooey. I would definitely order from them again.
4	My girlfriend suggested this place for a midweek work lunch and it was perfect! The sandwiches are giant, delicious and the side options are great. My girlfriend got the "orange" flavored cookie for dessert and it was the perfect sweet treat! I ended up saving half of my sandwich for lunch the next day and it was just as tasty. It appears to be family-owned and operated, so the sandwiches take a little bit of time, but totally worth the wait!
5	YUMMY! Great little place.  The atmosphere is fun and the food is wonderful.  It was a little hard to find at first but worth the hunt.  The food is so fresh and the ingredients they put together in their soups and sandwiches make my tongue do a little dance.  This place is family owned and operated which I also love.  Gotta support the locals!
2	According to the reviews I have read for this spot, I must have ordered from them on an off day. Today for delivery, I ordered a cup of soup (something tomato based with potatoes and beef in it), 1/2 Vermonter sandwich, lemonade and a cookie. The soup was ok (bland, but ok), the sandwich was...well, kind of sad looking. A big dark green piece of wilted lettuce, barely any of the 'cranberry mayo' or whatever was supposed to be the mayo on there, the turkey and ham tasted great...there just wasn't very much of it, and they completely forgot my request for a side of mayo, mustard and a knife/fork on a triangle cut piece of wheat bread. I wasn't able to choose my chips, so ended up with some plain ones and my cookie was undercooked by about 10 minutes. The outer circle was baked, but the rest was cookie moosh. (Which is fine when you are in a cookie dough mood, but alas...I was not.) The lemonade was FANTASTIC though. I don't believe I'll be trying this one again unless I'm in a pinch, but I'm happy I tried them today instead of just jumping into a catering order with them. This may be the only time I have been mislead by previous Yelps. *sigh*
4	Customer service here was great, I'm not sure what the others who reviewed were talking about.
4	This place reminds me of mom-and-pop sandwich shops from the East Coast.  The place is filled with character.  You can see your sandwich being made right behind the counter, and the cookies (double peanut butter) were amazing.  I wish this place was open on Sundays and a little later in the day though as I can't get there during the week, so that only leaves me Saturday as an option.
4	Cute little family run sandwich shop! :) Wish there was a little more room to dine-in but great food and service. Can't wait to go back.
4	Sandwiches aren't exactly gourmet, but this place certainly tries! I love their Vermonter which is delicious and unique - turkey, ham, cranberry mayo, cheddar and granny smith apples! The egg salad sandwich is also a bit of heaven. And their soups...! Everything was super fresh. To top it off, I ordered online and when I walked in and got to the front of the line, the man correctly guessed that I was the one who called in an order for an egg salad sandwich! Maybe I paused when he expected an order, or was eyeing the boxed up order on the counter, but I'd like to think it's just another bit of magic - just like the food!
5	Amazing sandwiches and very unique. The sandwiches are crazy and Delish. I would go here and jimmy johns everyday if my wife would let me.
5	Why do people choose any particular food establishment over another? For certain types of food, the answer is "the food", of course. But with most establishments, it's the atmosphere and the service that keeps the regulars coming.It is in these two categories where the Vermont Sandwich Company sets itself apart from its peers.Let's face it...there are only so many things you can do to a sandwich...and none of them are particularly earth shattering. But as soon as you walk into this establishment, you realize that this place isn't like the rest. Their menu is neatly hung above the registers with many of their available concoctions written in colorful chalk. There are neat signs hailing the awesomeness of Vermont (i.e. I L(heart)VERMONT). There are stickers from popular music artists ranging from The Beatles to The Dave Matthews Band. It's quite a sight to behold.Now, even though this place is relatively small, the staff treat it like it's a large restaurant. They take your order, seat you, check on you throughout your meal, the works. Dave has done a great job of selecting a staff who actually care about people.Like I said...a sandwich is typically just a sandwich. But Vermont Sandwich Company has found a way to make you forget that simple fact by welcoming you into their quirky and eclectic home where they treat you like family!
4	Loved the Long Trail. I can't think of another place that roasts their own beef, and Wow!! Quite a difference from Subway. Large sandwich with thick enough bread to hold it together, and I happen to really like Muenster cheese. The inside is pretty small, but very cozy. Feels like you were invited to a neighbor's kitchen. I would never have noticed this place if a good friend hadn't shared her discovery with me. (Thanks, Jennifer T.!) It's tucked back to the left of Fry's in a nook next to Yo Pauly's pizza.I am definitely looking forward to going back, and I will probably get the Long Trail again, it was so good! There were several other sandwiches that sounded delicious, and the names are fun- especially The Hen House (egg salad, of course!).
5	I love this place! Im surpised I haven't found it sooner. They have the most delicious food! I love their sandwiches, so excited for their soups this winter and for fall their making pumpkin chocolate chip cookes! My favorite!! This place is a hidden gem that I am so happy I found!.
5	Excellent customer service! My friend and I both enjoyed our sandwiches. There was plenty of meat and fresh toppings. The homemade strawberry lemonade was delicious....and so was the fresh made chocolate chip cookie. It melted in my mouth! I will definitely make this a regular lunch place.
5	amazing!
4	I found this place tucked back in the corner of the parking lot where my bank is.  How have I missed this place for the past 2 years I've been here?  So many good things to choose from on the menu.  I finally went with the Swift Wrap (a chicken salad type wrap).  I was pleasantly surprised.  It was a good portion and really filling.  It was a nice day so I chose to sit outside on the patio, which is pretty large considering its compact location for the store front.  I can tell the people who work here genuinely love this place and the customers.  I was asked by 3 separate people how my meal was, 2 of which were on their way out, leaving for the day.  Still they made the effort to turn around and make sure I was doing ok and was enjoying my meal.  Much appreciated!  I'll definitely be back to try more on the menu.
1	I am not too keen on giving negative reviews, but holy God, I will never give them my money again. Now, this is the first time that I have ordered from Vermont, but I've had it catered before, and so I wanted to get some delivered to my house. So I call, order three full sandwiches, one half, and three cookies. No special orders or add-ons. All as they come. The bloke on the phone says that it's going to be 40 minutes. I'm at the extreme edge of their service radius, and it's about to be lunch time, so I figure, that's totally acceptable, and I go about my business.  About 45 minutes go by, and I'm feeling the munch, so I give them a holler and I realize that he never gave me a total while I wait on hold for five minutes, he comes back to the line and tells me that the order left 'seven or eight minutes ago', so it should be in my hungry hands shortly. I take it in stride, I've been in a good mood all day, it's all good. Another twenty minutes go by, and I've gone from completely calm and not at all affected to full-on angry. The driver finally shows- an hour and a half late, and I've never been this upset about a sandwich before in my life. No apology whatsoever for being egregiously late- something that would result in free food with many other establishments- and then he hands me the check. I'm about to sign the slip, then I do some quick math and realize that they charged me 75.00!! For four sandwiches! For keeping my cool, I deserve a Green Lantern ring, but I hand it back to the driver and tell him that I'm not signing it, and he tells me that the guy ringing it up screwed up the order. Yeah, I see that. You charged me double. That's more than a mistake. He leaves, promising to have someone call me, I take the sandwiches, hoping to at least enjoy my food- nope. Cold. Should have guessed. Half an hour later, someone finally gets back to me, and explains that they overcharged me- still no apology for my food taking twice as long as it was supposed to, mind you, and he said that he was going to void the original charge (it's still showing in my bank account as a charge), and recharge me, but he was going to take the cookies off. Because that would make it all better. I asked him how much he was charging me for, and he responded 'I have no idea'. Again, I managed to not kick a hole in the nearest child and wear it as a bleeding backpack capable of hatred. I don't even think that I let my open-faced contempt seep into my voice when I asked him to find out how much so I didn't wind up with a hundred dollar charge because I wanted a sandwich. He finally came back with a total, and I ended the call. When I first stumbled across their site, I didn't get around to ordering because they stop delivering right around the time I get home and they don't have an online option for ordering, but my office started getting their food catered in. I want to tell them to stop. I've not had to deal with that much BS to just get a simple meal over the past two years.  Never. Never. Ever again.
5	If I could marry soup, I would do it. I mean, I love soup more than life itself, and there are days when I have a soup that makes my husband come in a distant second (and I love HIM to pieces). This is how I feel when I order soup from Vermont Sandwich Company. Today's choices, Roast Beef Vegetable & Chicken Florentine were both fantastic. Yep, I orderd a cup of each instead of a soup and a sandwich...seriously, it's THAT FREAKING GOOD!They make these soups fresh every day, so you call in the morning to find out what today's pot of gold will be. A few weeks ago, I called the day before and not only did they not know yet what the soups would be the next day, I GOT TO PICK THEM! Holy mother of Pearl, did that make me a happy girl! The standard French Onion is incredible, but the potato leek or corn chowder are also fantastic. Heck, I haven't ordered a soup yet that didn't put me over the moon. In store one day, got to sample the Country Apple as well...(drool).And don't forget the cookies. Yep, Maple bacon...just saying.
4	I decided to go with their namesake sandwich...the Vermonter. It was really good. I had 1/2 sandwich 1/2 side of cole slaw. The slaw was good but not great. I wished I had ordered the whole sandwich! I'll be back!
5	awesome sandwiches and options, the BEST peanut butter cookies!!, and really friendly and helpful service. Highly recommend - orders come out pretty quick, but call ahead for take-out on busy lunch days.
4	Oh, Vermont Sandwich....so close to 5 stars.   My wife and I were visiting the area from Detroit and read the great reviews, so stopped for lunch on a Friday afternoon.The size of the place is surprisingly small,  but that was cool.   There are only 5-6 tables inside and another 5-6 outdoors.   The atmosphere is funky and fun and friendly.   Service was prompt and the menu selection was varied and interesting.  Prices were reasonable.   All great stuff so far.But then came the food and we gave it only 3-stars.   Certainly fresh,  but oddly bland.   I had the Long Trail.   The roast beef was good and veggies fresh,  but the horseradish mayo had no kick to it.   I also had the clam chowder (nice 1/2 sandwich and soup combo) and it too lacked kick.    I would go there again and try something else, but I certainly wished the food had matched the atmosphere.
5	If this sandwich company is a reflection of Vermont, then I need to book a trip stat! Vermont sandwich company packs in a whole lot of flavor within their teeny tiny walls at the strip mall off Via Linda. Not only are the sandwiches good, but the decor is full of character with pictures and figurines lining the walls and counters. During my visit, I learned that every sandwich is priced completely the same and comes with your choice of chips or a type of salad (pasta, etc). I especially liked the fact that they have baked lays and the cheddar baked lays which are my favorite! After taking a look at the details menu of some tempting options, I decided to order the Green Mountain and added turkey. The Green Mountain came on fresh wheat bread and had red peppers, avocado, cucumbers, lettuce and a couple other items. The sandwich was perfect and definitely larger in portion than I probably needed, but it was so good, I had to finish every last bite! I'm kicking myself for it taking so long to visit!
1	I'm very sad to be writing this review, but it seems necessary. I've been going to Vermont Sandwich Company for a long time as it used to be my absolute favorite sandwich place. However, after today's visit I'm sad to say I won't ever return. My boyfriend, his daughter and I went there for lunch and were all very excited about it. Once we got our sandwiches we were very disappointed. My boyfriend always gets the meatloaf, so needless to say that's what he ordered. His daughter loves their egg salad so that's what she got. I tried something new and got their vegetarian sandwich. The meatloaf was a very thinly sliced piece (not what it used to be) which was almost nonexistent; therefore, he felt as if he was eating two slices of bread with some flavor on it. My avocados were brown in color and barely anything else was on my sandwich. His daughter barely even ate her sandwich since she said it didn't taste good (which is pretty crazy since she's the one who was begging to go there for her favorite sandwich).Needless to say, within two hours, both her and I were getting very sick. I won't go into further details since its unnecessary, but obviously something was wrong with the food today. From portion sizes to the quality and freshness of the ingredients, this place has changed. I'd like to say I'd return, but when I get that sick off of certain foods I won't ever be able to stomach them again.As a message to Vermont Sandwich Company, please accept this review as constructive feedback and change your establishment back from what it is now to what it used to be. Sincerely,Sad and disappointed customer
3	I do love this sandwich place, but if you order, DO NOT order delivery. It took almost 2 hours to get our food. When we called the restaurant, they said there were several large orders ahead of us - but I think better customer service would have been to call us and let us know - they had our phone number from the online order we placed. The driver then brought the food, but couldn't find our office, so he went back to the store. What driver these days doesn't have a cell phone? Or google maps? Several orders were wrong (wrong side dishes), one person got the saddest and slimmest slice of pickle ever seen, and the bottom pieces of bread were soggy after having sat in the container for so long. Sad to have had such a poor experience, especially since we ordered this for 8 people, who will probably now never order it again :(
4	This place is great. I came here after looking on yelp for sandwiches and decided to try this place with my girlfriend and her mom. The vibe when you first come in is very welcoming and the owners are great. They asked if we had been in before and were happy to explain the menu to us and tell us everything is made by them.I had the strange folk, girlfriend had the suicide six and her mom had the tuna. We all really enjoyed our sandwiches. The ingredients tasted fresh and the bread definitely tasted home made. We all had different sides so we could try them all. Pasta salad had a sweeter taste to it which it wasn't bad I just prefer a more Italian style. Potato salad was really good though.Service and food was all great we even bought some of their homemade dog biscuits they sell. I'll definitely make this place a staple of my Arizona visits
3	Stopped in here this morning for a bite to eat, joined by Ursula D. Robyn N. & Mike C.  This is a tiny place, with only about 4 tables inside and a few more out front.  We managed to land one inside.I went with The Vermonter, a sandwich with turkey, ham, cheese, lettuce, onion & thinly sliced apple on regular whole wheat bread.  For a side, I added a cup (8oz.) of one of their blackboard soups, Pablano Chicken Chowder.Both the sandwich and soup were good, but neither rang any bells for me.  As crazy busy and loud as nearby Portillo's gets, that place IS special to me, & it'll be them from now on whenever I'm in this neighborhood.     :-)The Vermonter:  $7.95Cup of soup:  $2.75
5	I've only gone once and yet I still feel this place deserves five stars! At work and no one wanted to eat out but me so this is one of those days where you're in charge, choose your lunch and choose anything you want for the only person to satisfy is yourself. I looked it up on Yelp and alas it was sooooo close to work. I ordered the Suicide Six Panini and my heart melted just like the cheeses this sandwich contains. The flavor was out of this world! Definitely going here again, that buffalo chicken wrap looks awesome.
4	Stopped in the other day for lunch - it was my second time back but it had been close to a year. However it was just as good as I remembered it from last time! Awesome little mom and pop shop! Friendly cashier and a delicious sandwich. I can't wait to go back again.I will say it did take a little longer than I expected for my food but I did not mind, it was peak lunch time and very busy. It was clear the staff was working diligently and how good my sandwich was quickly got me over the wait.Great job guys!!
5	Having moved from Scottsdale to the west valley has meant losing my favorite lunch spot, Vermont Sandwich Company. The West Coast Wrap is great, the mayo used gives it a tasty kick to go with all the other fresh crisp ingredients packed in. Even now I find any excuse I can to drive to Scottsdale during lunch for wrap from Vermont, only now I get two Arnold Palmers (one for the drive and one to go with the west coast wrap). Don't forget their cookies, most peanut butter cookies are dry and crunchy, but the ones at Vermont are so soft, creamy, and delicious (so are the peanut butter/chocolate cookies).
4	04/25/13After having bookmarked this back in '09, thanks to Donald S.'s review, and solidified by Shannon M.'s '10 review, I finally made it around to VSC!  I stopped by once, about three years ago, when I finally left the west side and moved into Scottsdale, but I'd already eaten and the shop was closing, besides..  But today I decided I'd finally see what the hype was all about.Came in to find Dave and Jodi hard at work making to-go orders.  How did I know?  Because the two women seated outside were already finished with their meals, and the lone guy inside was also eating away, and yet there the two were, busy as bees, but not too busy that Dave couldn't greet me welcome.  Nice folks. these two.  Even though I already knew which two to try today, having checked out the menu online (VSC also delivers!), I asked Dave which he'd recommend, one from the "regular" and one from the "toasted."  I decided I'd go ahead with my original choices, The Long Trail http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vermont-sandwich-company-scottsdale?select=ouTCG1UqprZmqQ9D1IWD3w#ouTCG1UqprZmqQ9D1IWD3w and The Suicide Six. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vermont-sandwich-company-scottsdale?select=MDYibHOcAdT1uROAAvzn-g#MDYibHOcAdT1uROAAvzn-g  These combos came with my choice of salad or chips, so I went with two salads and different dressings (creamy ranch and chunky blue cheese, both homemade).  I also checked out the cookie basket and asked which ones he had today, and when I heard "maple bacon," I knew I had to try it for myself since I'd read a few reviewers raving on and on about them.  The Cranberry-apple-oatmeal also sounded interesting.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vermont-sandwich-company-scottsdale?select=KjxXF_lpOLDuIL23cpwMaQ#KjxXF_lpOLDuIL23cpwMaQBoth sandwiches were delicious!!  If I had to choose which of the two to re-order again in an instant, I'd go with the Suicide Six, only because of the toasted texture of the bread.  Soft white bread really doesn't do much for me, and when I brought these sandwiches to work for two lunch meals, I made sure to toast the soft bread, as well.  (The leftovers really held together well, and I could definitely see myself ordering from VSC again, maybe next time via delivery to see how the service is like.)  The Long Trail http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vermont-sandwich-company-scottsdale?select=NwYaqmhI_tVZVBVrz7Rygg#NwYaqmhI_tVZVBVrz7Rygg was comprised of house-prepared roast beef,  Muenster cheese, peppery horseradish mayo, romaine lettuce, tomato slices, (light) red onion, and crumbled bacon on sourdough bread that was custom-made by a local bakery specifically for VSC.  I asked Dave to omit the green bell peppers and dill pickle chips.  (He forgot to omit the green bell peppers.)  The Suicide Six http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vermont-sandwich-company-scottsdale?select=qGzfJr5e_PEmzmdd_TRqTw#qGzfJr5e_PEmzmdd_TRqTw panino consisted of cheddar, Muenster, and blue cheese, as well as mapled turkey, honeyed ham, roasted red peppers, banana pepper and jalapeno slices, (light) red onion, and tomato slices in focaccia.  This sandwich was just what I was looking for today, and I certainly will make it one of the choices I'm going to order next time!The Cranberry apple oatmeal was very, very good-- perfectly sweetened, very moist and tender, yet had enough of a chew to make my mouth happy!  So many flavors melded together: cinnamon-y apple, brown sugar, tart cranberries, and hearty oatmeal-- I'd choose this cookie again in a heartbeat!  The "maple bacon" cookie actually was peanut butter, and I went back to exchange it (I ate at a table outdoors**), since I'm allergic, but Dave told me to keep it and give it to someone else, as well as take two of the snickerdoodles (one for me, and one for me Mum).  I really am not a fan of sugar cookies, but this cookie was very tender (all of the sugar cookies I've tried were rock-hard-- ugh!) and had a really intense milky flavor, and if you are familiar with the very popular Filipino sweet "pastillas de leche," you'll know just how this cookie almost tasted like to me.  I would also compare it to the sweet milky goodness of a great tres leches cake.  Yeah, Dave and another customer didn't steer me wrong on this one.**The table wasn't very clean-- one of the four cons on this trip (the other three being Dave forgot to omit the green bell pepper, a flammatory food and was confused with the cookies he had in the basket-- not an option for those who are deathly allergic to certain foods, and thank goodness my allergies aren't deathly acute!!); and the homemade salad dressings needed more seasoning- they were a bit bland.  On the upside, I appreciated the salads' ingredients-- it's been a very long time since I had bean sprouts on a salad, and these also had a couple varieties of croutons garnishing them.
5	Excellent fresh sandwiches.
4	This review is way over due. This place is only opened for lunch. Since I don't work in the area, lunch is tough to do. But one Saturday afternoon the stars aligned and my wife and I found ourselves in the area and decided to check it out.I had the Vermonter, which is turkey, ham, cranberry mayo, cheddar cheese, romaine lettuce, red onion and a slice of apple. I thought the sandwich tasted great. My wife had some soup and a sandwich and she loved it.But what is really telling, is that Dave the Owner slipped an extra spoon for the soup on to my wife's basket. Probably knowing that I probably would want a taste as well. He knew before I knew. That's a great touch Dave! It shows that you are always taking that extra step in pleasing your customers.
5	A Scottsdale must!!!  Great everything, home made.
5	Support Local!  I am from Colorado but go out of my way to support local folks. And, this place is great!  Sandwich was unique and flavorful.   Try it...5  STARS!
4	I really do like this little sandwich shop.  Tucked away in a small shopping area, it was really easy for me to miss while driving around.  But once I spotted it (and got past the annoying midday parking situation), this little "mom and pop" deli atmosphere is one I'm glad I stopped for.  The walls decorated with history, and an owner happy to discuss the vast array of custom offerings, it is a nice escape from the giant food franchises which dot our landscape. I have zero complaints about the food (as it has been good each time I've visited), but with that said, I've never once felt that problems wouldn't be properly resolved by the friendly owners. That is key.  One negative that kept it from 5 stars:  I think the outdoor seating needs some upgrades.  ....Support local business!
2	I sooo wanted to like this place.  Especially based on other Yelper reviews however after dining here twice and having almost the exact same experience I have to rate them as a "meh, I've experienced better".  The parking is ridiculous but in no way plays a role in my rating of this Vermont Sandwich Company.  Their sandwiches are unique and they use exceptional bread which they may make themselves however everything else was just ok.  On this last visit I had their Vermonter which was very good however the side salad was very disappointing. On my first visit I had some potato salad with my turkey sandy, the Nectar i believe, and it needed some salt, seasoning.  On both visits I voiced my concerns about my disappointment and I was offered a very casual apology and a cookie.  A cookie?  Ok, so lets try their unique peanut butter with bacon cookie.  Yikes, it tasted like bacon grease...  The folks here seemed very disinterested in my comments and passed me off like I was just another number to them on both visits so this "number" will find somewhere else to eat!
5	Not sure where to begin..  definitely unexpected and not what I consider a typical sandwich place. Gourmet comes to mind and quality. First I willnnot judge but describe and let you be there judge.vupon entering it was busy but it was a controlled  environment...line out the door...I was expecting the nominal experience like waiting in a line at the bank. ..I was greeted by what turned out to be the owner and when I got took the front to order I was given the run down of the items and establishment. .I was treated as if they were open just for me. . Even though busy though Lots of orders they took time for me the individual.found out everything is cut and proceeded and prepped on premises. even they soups are made from recipes. .. not bagged and heated up. I'm impressed. like I said not a typical sandwich shop that for sureI had the long  trail..perfect amount of mayo and beef was perfect. . cDefinitely a place to try one. .. however hard to find Albiet is worth it. It s my new place.
4	How to explain ?  The place is an oxymoron...its a sandwich shop but the quality is as top notch as some great casual biltmorl restaurants...the roast is trimmed and cooked on site fresh and hand shaved. .... Turkey hand shaved and maple washed. ..I was impressed so much production and labor intensive work goes into the sandwich. .. one taste and I could see why. ..  a better tasting amazing sandwich. Owner took special interest in everyone who came in as well as the employees. Owners I could understand but a busy employee making tons of sandwiches made sure those coming into the store were acknowledged as well great training. I felt more than just a rent maker for tty hem and the three employees o saw and . They took interest and we're concerned about my needs. Nice. . see if Any typical restaurant server does that. even though im just getting a sandwich the upsale was great and I was offered fresh made patato salad. .not crap out of a Costco bucket. And the cookies I found out are scratch made there. Nice but next time...I was stuffed on the long trail.Not a typical place..I can see this place growing into more of them if they stay with the great food they are offering. As for the person who wrote. ..."needs salt and more seasoning"?  To each has their own likes and dislikes.  Two stars? . and if I'm not mistaken salt is in shakers on the table if needed. ..peace. I personally will be eating more of their sandwiches. Top notch folks keep up the good work. .I hope you get one with more tables and not tucked away in a corner o there than that. ..I loved your restroom lolparking is a common parking area within the strip of buildings the place is in and bout 15 store in all and about 75 spaces available
5	This place is awesome, the best sandwiches there are in the Valley!  If you don't try it, you are missing out on something great!  I promise you, you will love the food, the people and the place!I never know which sandwich to pick that is the hardest part!  I have tried almost everyone of them and the food is the best around!  Mark my words, you will be happy you went there!Tell Jodi and Dave Jill "aka the bratt" sent you!  :)
5	Great sandwiches, great vibe. I stopped in today for the first time in a few years, had a great chat with the owners. The reuben sandwich had great flavor, the owners were friendly, and the place is fun, clean, and inviting. A great Scottsdale gem!
4	Great place for a unique good tasting sandwich..not run of the mill., but I would use the word gourmet.  Owner gave me the run down of the operation as ours my first visit.... all the recipes are Family ones, and from what I witnessed that day. ... everything was being made from scratch.... pasta salad. potato. Egg Mac and Chicken wow.. very impresedOk. now the not so great things....a great sandwich calls for lots of orders.. they go out on time but The seating...eh... really not much Indoors. But this place is hopping.I do want to mention one thing to a current yelp subscriber.seasoning?  Really two star?  Hmm Ok first of restaurants have took consider All tastes that come in... not just you.   Salt and pepper on The table and You can ask for others. . Not too difficult. You mention you wouldn't let parking be part off your review. .. first the company has Nothing to do with the parking lot.the lot is for the entire strip... that means the yoga store the hearing aid store among others.And lastly. .I was there spoke to the owner on my next visit after their only 2 star review and now I put your face to the review.... you were disappointed about The way you were treated. .. you werent making suggestions you were telling the owners who've had it four 7 years how they need to run it... put trash baskets here... have a tub here etc... you didn't appreciate the answer they gave you... they said you may leave your basket on The table and It will be removed by the busser.... its a restaurant and they are suppose cater to you. .. you should not have to worry about clearing your table they will.Your 2 stars was unwarrented.. however it is only an opinion...You want seasoning..use salt and pepper on the table.... you want to feel validated the offer a suggestion not make a generalized statement about How they should do this or Do that... open your own restaurant if you want torun a store your way. Good foodLots of work took put into a sandwichGood peopleMinimal seatingTrendyi hope that yelp will keep this review and not remove my comments
3	Awesome sandwiches! Super yum!But you got to be patient when going here:)I arrived with the place empty. About 11 am, was stoked to try the place out! Was in a bit of a hurry because I only get 30 minutes for lunch. So I was happy that it was empty! Dude explained the huge menu on display, and a told me the favorites. So I ordered the Vermont, got some chips and sat down. Another dude walks in gets the same sandwich and sits down. Then all of a sudden a line is almost out the door in the next 15 minutes.  Well my whole 30 min lunch goes past me, and they bring the first sandwich out. dude that came in after me got that one... a little disappointed, I ask what's up? It's been 30 minutes, why did he get his before me? I'm already late for work...well blah who cares. Woe is me. Finally got my food and Yum! Took 10 minutes to eat.Totally agree with some things the bad reviews are saying, food took way to long to get, and cash register guy didn't say it was going to take so super long to make 1 simple super popular sandwich. And the place was empty when I arrived! What's going on!Well if you look around. its a tiny place! only 4 little tables inside, and a patio no one wants to really sit at .the kitchen takes up more then half the place and it looks super unorganized and cluttered back there! How do they work! Stuff is everywhere! The workers are going crazy back there at lunch time. barely avoiding tripping over each other in that small kitchen! And it's only Wednesday.jeez! find a bigger place, you guys obviously make money!Well anyway, despite my personal bad experience. The sandwich was slapped together, and absolutely delicious.... And for me mostly. It's all about the food. The menu was awesome! Great eats, and awesome ideas. My Vermont Sammy had thin sliced Granny Smith apples on it and tasted so good!Might go back.... But there's so many places to try around here. So here's to three stars. I might go back
4	This is one of my favorite places for lunch in Phoenix.  They make wonderful sandwiches that are not for average sandwich.  They are very creative with their menu, though you can still get some classic sandwiches!  The downside is they have a very small dining room inside, and they sometimes screw up phone in orders.  Other than that their sandwiches are absolutely wonderful and their sides are the bomb.  They have great macaroni salad, although they don't have it every day and sometimes they sell out, so get it whenever it is available!  Staff is very nice and friendly and they will always ask you how everything is.  I will have to say that when I showed them my order was wrong they fixed everything quickly and willingly.  A tad pricey or else I would go here more often.  Usually lunch with a drink is around $10-$11.
5	This place is amazing. Got it recommended to me by a friend. I got the nectar sandwich and was very pleased with it. It's tucked away but worth it to find. Staff is friendly and very helpful considering I've never been here before. Price is very reasonable for the area it's in. I will definitely be coming back to this place.
5	Packed and flavorful sandwiches.  AWESOME cookies.  Owners are down-to-earth and if this place was in a more populated area, it would be slammed non stop.
5	I don't say this often, but WOW. This place takes the cake for best sandwich shop in Scottsdale, maybe even in the Phoenix metro area.I had lunch here and ordered the Ruben (not to be confused with Reuben). The cole slaw on the sandwich was perfect and the homemade condiments made the sandwich a truly exquisite experience. The potato salad side dish was much lighter in taste and fresher than any I have had for some time, although the portion was bit smaller than what I was hoping for.At under $10 for a meal, this shop had made its way on my list of regular lunch destinations.
5	Great sandwiches and awesome people! Try the Long Trail, the housemade beef is the best I've ever had.....
1	Uhhh,  afraid not. Another pretender in the sandwich world. Should have realized something was up when guy with a neck tattoo is making sandwiches, but it's really about quality of ingredients as they say on their menu. Breaking down my $7.95 sandwich called "the Nectar"  we run into various issues.- Turkey quality was slightly above Quizno's (they use Genoa). It was that gelatin style turkey. If you want to be called the best sandwich, use real turkey. Lady also claimed that they "maple glaze" it themselves. I would like to see that process because there was no hint of maple at all in the junky turkey.- Well, maybe they will use some "Vermont" cheddar right? Nope. Saw a tiny piece of cheddar cheese that was already pre-sliced and of very low quality. What a fraud of a place calling itself Vermont.. They should be embarrassed about the cheese situation.- "Best" sandwiches use homemade bread or at least some from a local bakery. This honey wheat bread came straight out of a bag.- Free samples of items are nice, but at least use a small cup when you hand stuff to me. The lady sticks a fork in the stuff and I have to attempt to get it in my mouth before it falls on the floor (caught the mac salad sample in my hand)- Macaroni Salad was good, fresh and homemade and was the highlight, but I wasn't here for the side dish, I was here for a good sandwich and that did not materialize. If this is what people eat in Vermont, I do feel sorry for them.RESPONSE TO OWNER COMMENT:- Well, the bread is still "off the shelf" and not baked in small batches- Maple Flavor - not existent to any pallet. -  You use Deli meat to make a profit and that is why you can put extra meat on a sandwich. Classic case of sacrificing quality for cash in your pocket.- Vermont is known for Cheddar and the only connection you have to Vermont is your from there?. Use Vermont products and it shouldn't matter if there is no mention that you use those products because Vermont is in your name. This was not an intelligent argument. - Sample cups are for samples - nobody has heard of sample forks- Hiring guys with arm tats is fine these days, but neck tattoos indicate a a higher level of felon or thug - aka someone who has to work in a sandwich shop - and doesn't care about his job. It is not his fault, but it is just a bad image, unless all your employees have neck tats and ear rings.- Nothing I said was lies, but you should rename your place "Arizona sandwiches by people from Vermont"
3	Had to take off a star after today's lunch...I ordered the West Coast Wrap (a usual of mine) for pick up.When I arrived the wrap was ready, but the guy behind the counter seemed VERY distracted and there was no "hello" or "Thanks for coming". The wrap was not nearly as good as it has been in the past. There were just a few specks (literally) of bacon and maybe two slices of avocado. The wrap itself was much smaller then other times, with almost 1/3 of the tortilla empty and folded back on itself.Kind of a disappointment for a place I really like...
5	My favorite weekday lunch spot.  On days that I'm quick out the door in the morning and don't have time to pack a lunch, This is pretty close to one of the only places I eat as this is a fresh as it gets. Not only do I love the owners, but my fav entree is the best salad in Scottsdale. I order the green garden - w/o a couple of the items on it (onions, tomatoes).  So many veggies on it!!!! The avocado, sprouts, carrots, cabbage, cucumber and lettuce is always so fresh. Pretty sure all the ingredients are local and farmer market finds. It's a must try for anyone!!!!
4	Always so good! Love their salads.. eveything is so fresh and beautifully presented for a "fast" food place.
5	Awesome place to get/order a delicious, above-average lunch!
5	If you've never been to VSC you must go on the last Friday of the month.  Their lobster bisque is the best I ever had.  I promise you won't be dissapointed!
4	I generally think that I'm not a fan of sandwiches. Then I have a good sandwich, and I have to rethink my thinking.  I swung by Vermont Sandwich Company today for lunch. It's a cool little sandwich shop. The inside is small, but there's a decent patio area out front where we sat to eat. There were a lot of tempting options, but I went with a half Backhome Meatloaf sandwich, a cup of French onion soup and a side of macaroni salad. The French onion soup was very good. It wasn't over loaded with cheese, leaving the actual broth and onions to take the lead role. I liked that. There were also bread cubes added which gave a nice texture.The mac salad was awesome. Nicely cooked macaroni, not over done. It also wasn't swimming in dressing. Much like the French onion soup, it let its namesake (the macaroni) stand out rather than just fade in with the other ingredients. It wasn't too sweet like some mac salads either. Very good.The meat loaf sandwich was good. It Did have a bit of sweetness to it which was probably from the balsamic maple vinaigrette. I wasn't crazy about that. The meatloaf itself was good, but the sandwich was struggling to keep itself together. It wasn't too big of a deal. It didn't survive very long anyway. I don't think I'd get it again, but I'm glad I tried it.Lastly, I had one of their homemade cookies... the Classic Chocolate Chip. It was actually taken straight from the baking sheet and served to me. It was wonderful. An excellent spot for lunch.
4	Me and my parents noticed this place as we were leaving the Tavern Grille awhile back (another really good spot hidden in the corner of the strip mall on 90th & Via Linda) & decided to grab a menu. It looked good & we said the next time we were in the area we'd give it a shot. Well we did, and we liked it!This place isn't that big, but has a really cool, "cozy" set up. The guys working the counter are all friendly & you can see them making your sandwich after you order (I don't  just mean putting the pieces together...I mean actually slicing the veggies that are gonna go directly on your sandwich!).My mom got a Reuben. It was different than a "normal" Reuben. Instead of pastrami it had turkey & cold slaw on it, and she really liked it. Dad also loved his roast beef. I had a chicken salad sandwich. This isn't something I would normally get, but I recently started chemotherapy and something cold & mushy sounded good. The sandwich was delicious! We all got whole portions and brought half our sandwiches home. We all got potato salad as our side, and thought it was okay. I normally like "chunkier" potato salad that isn't too heavily dressed which is what this potato salad here is like, but I was kind of expecting something a little creamier. I also got a pumpkin chocolate chip cookie to go (pssst....you can get a free cookie the first time you check-in here on foursquare). It was YUMMY and you can tell it was baked fresh. I'd definitely stop back at Vermont Sandwich Company when I'm back in the area, and look forward to tasting a greater variety of sandwiches when my taste buds are feeling it.
4	Had the Vermonter. The thinly shaved onions...brilliant...just the right amount of onion. Loved the cranberry mayo. The sandwich meat was delicious!Suggestion: maple mayo!!
5	Wow.  Excellent food.  Great local, place to eat.  Unique flavor. My first yelp review.  Support local business! :)
5	Great sandwiches, great people.  Don't forget to get a cookie!
2	If you are ordering for delivery, be prepared to wait... for 30-60 minutes! I have ordered from here twice and both times, my wraps were soggy and no flavor! Soup was alright but could have used a lot more flavor.
4	Always fantastic, but if you catch them when they're busy with a big take-out order, you'll wish you would've called ahead. If you can't avoid the lunch rush, it's still worth the wait.
5	Great place.  Turkey rueben and Stowe were both excellent.   Owner was eager to share info about ingredients and clearly takes pride in her shop.
4	Neat little place with a unique and tasty house sandwich called the Suicide 6.  Friendly service and food was done quickly.
5	As a former East Coaster, I was really excited to see this place. I ordered delivery for a co-worker and myself and the delivery was a little slower than I was expecting but I guess our suite number didn't print on the ticket so I can't fault them for that.I ordered the Mount Snow panini that has ham, blue cheese and sliced green apple on it. I had a side of macaroni salad and I had the french onion soup (don't judge, I was hungry) and my buddy got the  Vermonter (I think) with a side of coleslaw. Everything was great - my bread was crunchy and buttery and the blue cheese was great with the thin sliced ham and apple. My co worker wished his sandwich was toasted but loved it as it was too. The macaroni salad was a little sweet for me - it had a vinegar based dressing rather than a mayo dressing and I am a mayo freak so that is just personal preference - it was still really good.The soup was nice and hit with a huge glob of cheese and big chunks of caramelized onions and a nice rich broth. It was nice that they added the bread (croutons) on the side so you didn't get mush.I will definitely be ordering from here again as there are many items on the menu that look delicious but it might be hard to compete with my sandwich.
5	Wow! Incredible food exactly how it should be made. Freshly prepared--they even make their own mayo and mustard. FYI, quality takes time. If you are in a hurry go to Subway--where processed gobs of meat/cheese can be jammed into a yeasty bun in 5 minutes or less. Yuck!I love New England and the East Coast--food is good and freshly made. The Panini's are incredible and my wife and I plan to go back often. Friendly owners who care about their customers. Well done!
5	Been looking for a good sandwich shop but found a GREAT one instead!!! Dave and Jodi take pride in everything made here,  which is ALL from scratch. The French Onion soup is amazing,  as was my Ethan Allen sandwich.  Hubby had the special of the day which was the Cubano.... Talk about a great sandwich....Yum yum!!! We loved all we had so much,  we ended up ordering ToGo for dinner later....hurry up 6pm!!!
4	in the area with family and found this place on yelp.  Trying to find it in person was a LOT more difficult though being tucked back in the corner behind trees.At first glance the menu was VERY overwhelming, but the owner (?) and the guy taking out order explained it all since we were 1st timers and it made it much easier.We got the "Italian stallion" and the "suicide 6".  Both sandwiches were amazing, not sure which i liked better (i think the suicide 6), and they did NOT skimp on the meat/cheese that is for sure.  My 4 year old loved the chicken soup and picked at the pasta salad for a bit.  It did take some time to get our food but since it's all fresh and the weather outside on the patio was awesome i didn't mind.overall i was very impressed and next time i'm in the area i will go back!!
4	The Vermont Sandwich Co. offers a varied and unique menu. I got the "dead ahead" wrap, which had chicken salad, cranberry sauce, and thin slices of Granny Smith apples. It was a fresh blend of sweet and savory flavors and the veg was nice and crisp and not soggy at all (a problem that usually occurs with wraps). I also got the potato salad which was perfect! It actually tasted like potatoes rather than mayonnaise soup. The place is small, so I would recommend take out rather than staying for lunch. Definitely recommend!
1	Shocked by the rave reviews here! Yelp emailed me about this place a few months back and today we were in the area and stopped for lunch. Service was incredibly slow at 1:30 on a Wednesday for three people... Sandwiches had no flavor, bread was stale, and lunch meat tasted like the cheap stuff grocery stores sell in Tupperware. All three of us agreed we'd never go back.
1	Don't plan on ordering something quickly or tasty from this place.  Also, don't count on friendly service either.  We were a party of 6 and the last guy to order got the first order made - HOW IS THIS EVEN POSSIBLE!?  Not sure what the hype is about the lobster bisque either - TERRIBLE!  I will never go back to this place.
3	I have such a love-hate relationship with this spot. My office orders from here often, and every single time there's an issue. It takes twice the time we were quoted, there's something missing from or wrong with our order, the delivery driver doesn't bring any change - there's always something. While the employees seem a little on the "slow" side, they're at least usually pleasant - with the exception of a woman I spoke to who said she was the owner. Placing my order with her took even longer than it usually does due to my having to answer questions 2 & 3 times, we waited 20 minutes longer than the 45 minutes we were quoted, AND she was downright snippity with me throughout the entire interaction. So why the heck do we keep ordering from this place? Because the food is just that. damn. good. Seriously. Their sandwiches are piled high with inventive, high-quality ingredients and always taste fresh and well-made. And don't even get me started on their cookies! They are spec-freaking-tacular - huge, gooey, moist, and often still warm from the oven. So, the service? Thoroughly "meh". But the food keeps us toiling through the arduous ordering process.  Thus, 3 stars - right in between 1 star service and 5 star food.
5	Really yummy!! I had the nectar sandwich. I meant to order the vermonter, but was quite pleased with the nectar. Would definitely go again!! Small family owned business, unique sandwiches, nothing like the hum drum chain sandwiches.
4	Great little sandwich shop in our area.  I wish there was more indoor seating as it gets pretty hot in the AZ sun. Sandwiches are great (large and accommodating menu)and atmosphere comfortable.  Participates in Upromise rewards too which is an added bonus.  Also has Gluten free options.
2	I was in the mood for a salad, maybe my mistake. It was not tasty at all. Processed cheese and meat, lettuce too hard and no flavor. I hope the sandwiches are better but wouldn't bet on it.
5	Fantastic service, the texture of the sandwiches are perfect. Interesting combos of ingredients that complement each other. This place does it all. You owe it to yourself to try this local Scottsdale gem.
3	Biggest redeeming quality for this place is food was excellent. However, waiting 35 min for a sandwich was terrible. While I liked the food I am unwilling to wait that long with so many other options around. Tip: call ahead to order.
3	My love hate relationship with this place seems to be coming to an end. Today went there for lunch with two coworkers. I get that they are typically slow with service, but today they took over 25 minutes to fill our order considering that when we went in the place was empty. Did I mention that all 3 of ordered the same thing so it should have been busy. When I went to the counter to ask about the order, I get the response of, why? Why would you ask me why I am asking why my order is over 20 minutes late. I think this may be final visit, I just can't defend a good sandwich with bad attitude and snail slow service!
5	This place was fantastic! We had planned on going to the Lunch Box but they were closed, so happy we ended up at Vermont Sandwich Co. We told the person taking our order (which I think was the owner) that it was our first time there so it would take us a while to decide. He was very patient and explained different sandwiches to us. My son had asked what the Fluffernutter was and I tried to explain, he went with the classic PB & J, I had the Vermonter and it was delicious! My husband had the Phish (albacore Tuna) which was also excellent. Homemade bread lots of delicious & fresh veggies. We had the homemade lemonade and an Arnold Palmer. A nice touch was that my son was given half of a Fluffernutter to try and it was to die for! We also tried a chocolate chip cookie before we left and again we were not disappointed! It's nice to experience exceptional customer service and food that is not from a cookie cutter chain. We will be back again!!!!
1	Unbelievable slow service. Be prepared to wait at least 30 minutes for a salad. Not worth the wait.
5	Best sandwiches ever. Quality ingredients, fabulous sides, loved the lemonade! Fast and friendly service too. Love this place!
1	I went to the Via Linda location for lunch at what I was hoping would be a new cool sandwich place.  I was greeted well and everything seemed normal until after I made my order and waited for my sandwich...and waited...and waited...and waited...I finally got my rather simply made sandwich about 30 minutes after I ordered!!!  It would have taken me less time to go to the grocery store next door, but the ingredients and make the sandwich myself!  This place really needs to get its act together about timely service.  If there is something they can learn from the larger chains, its how to get customers served in a timely manner.  Their inability to perform this simple task shows poor management or business model or quite possibly both!  I may check out the other location in the future (if I'm in that area), but as a new customer, I will not be heading back to this location. As for the sandwich...I ordered the pastrami sandwich and it was OK but nothing to really brag about.   The only thing that seems unique about their menu are the names for their sandwiches and not the simple sandwiches in particular.
4	Good sandwiches, good prices, and a nice dude running the place. If I lived nearby I would come here often.
4	Great fresh sandwiches! Choose from their menu options or make to order. The indoor and patio seating is nice. They have trivial pursuit games to entertain you while you wait, or you can just look around at the kitschy decor.  Prices are a tad high for sandwiches, but not outrageous. I'll pay the extra to avoid Subway. I've never seen the same staff here... not sure if that may cause issues with speed or consistent quality. As others have mentioned, they can be slow. But in terms of quality-So far so good.Parking is kind of a mess. Nothing they can do about that, but it really needs to be mentioned for customers. The lot has poorly designed ingress/egress, too few spaces and an oddly placed (borderline criminal) drive thru at a neighboring eatery. I say criminal, because it really is just an accident waiting to happen for drivers or god forbid a pedestrian. Drive thru wasn't active last time I visited, so maybe they are not opening it? In any case, the parking situation hinders your ability to get in and out quickly. Which is a huge factor for lunch.
4	The Vermont Sandwich Company is always busy during the work week because it offers some great items and at a rapid pace. My favorite thing about the Vermont Sandwich Company is the Americanos. The coffee is delicious--not too bitter--and they come steaming hot. I haven't had much of their food but what I have had is delicious. I would highly recommend their pastries as they are large and very sweet.
5	Nice cozy place, good sandwiches, friendly help, classic rock playing in the background.The west coast wrap is my favorite.Love coming here.
1	Never returning. Gave this place two shots. First time 30 minute wait for an unmemorable sandwich. Second time,  called ahead to avoid wait. Picked up food. My soup was forgotten. I called to have the charge removed. They "cannot refund my money, only the owner can and she's at the other location." I ask them to have her call me as I'm getting irritated at this nonsense. An hour passes, no call. I call other location, owner answers with HUGE attitude and I explain what happened. She says "so you forgot your soup?" Bc it's of course my fault.  She starts babbling/complaining about how they're short staffed and busy. I really don't give a crap about her excuses or staffing levels, I just want my money back. I interrupt her whining and just ask for my money back. She asks if she can call me back. I say "no you've wasted far too much of my time."She finally refunds my money with attitude goes "look I'm SORRY we forgot your soup, I'm SORRY were short staffed."I cannot possibly explain the owners terrible attitude in this review..comparable to Amy's baking co. Also, if owner does not trust staff to refund $2.75, why should I trust staff to make my sandwiches?Obviously it's worth it to the owner to lose a customer and get a bad review over $2.75. Oh and sandwich was blah, once again.Response to owner: I am unconcerned by your customer's response. Your attempt in shaming me per your shocked client response was actually probably an indicator to said client of the bad service at this biz causing such negative reaction. Your attacking response was expected per your prior reviews. It is consistent and backs my account of our interaction. You did not address the fact that your staff is not entrusted to issue refunds, you aggressively "apologized" and attacked me which is consistent with your bad attitude and you made sure I would no  longer spend my money (along my coworkers' and friends') with this response. None of this would had happened had I just called and gotten a refund. Instead I made three calls. Mistakes happen.  That's okay. It's when I have to jump through hoops and deal with a rude business owner to get a refund... I have a problem. Maybe you should trust your employees and this won't happen again.
1	I came into for lunch around 1:30pm. I ordered an egg salad sandwich with a pasta side salad, and french onion soup. First, the french onion soup was watered down, there was no taste to it. They did not serve it with croutons and I had to dive to find any cheese. The pasta salad had a flavorful dressing, however, someone forgot to fully cook the pasta. The sandwiches are big but my egg salad was bland. While I waited for my lunch to be prepared, the staff were arguing over who was to go to the other store to pick up turkey because they ran out. They seemed to be some confusion over an order placed that was minus drinks and whose fault it was. Too much noise behind the counter. They have a sign out front that says they were voted the #1 sandwich shop in Scottsdale. I don't what poll this was referring to but it is definitely not my favorite and I will not be eating there again.
4	Little hidden gem! Great sandwich "Vermonter" was the right balance of sweet and savory. The split pea soup was great tasting! Would recommend this place to any sandwich connoisseur!
1	They dropped off menus at my company and I thought it looked yummy.  Got a group together and ordered for delivery.  Over an hour later, food had not arrived.  I called and checked to confirm that they had actually placed our order.  The man confirmed that our order was on it's way and there is construction in the area that may have slowed the driver down.  He said he would contact his driver and then call me back with at ETA.  15 min later, still no food and still no call back with an ETA.  Having coworkers raz me about starving, I called and canceled the order.  During they phone call they were not apologetic and said "Well I couldn't call you back with an ETA because I can't find my driver."  Awful service.  I can't even review the food because it never came.
4	This place is really good! Never a wait ( i usually call ahead of time how ever) Very friendly staff and fresh food, what more could you ask?
5	Favorite place because it represents east coast culture! They have the best meatloaf sandwich and cookies I've had. I order here once a week or more! Great place :)
5	I frequented and did a review for the Bell location, but I'm also a fan of the Via Linda restaurant.  It's the original shop I believe, and they have the exact same menu as the Bell location.  Yet, in a smaller more decorative venue.  Everything is fresh, and its the same price as Subway.  Jodi, David, Raquel, and Lilianna will be there to serve you with a smile.  BEST SANDWICH IN TOWN!
5	Great place with great food! Literally has the best ruben i have ever had! Clean enivironmemt and much care is put into each sandwich.  You are missing out if you do not check this place out.
