3	In a strip mall right across the street from the Hard Rock Cafe, this place looks like it's made for locals.  Lots of TV's on the walls and airbrushed walls with stickers, signs, banners, ads for a Ro Sham Bo tournament, it's a lot to take in.  The bar looks good, but we were there for lunch.  The pork tamales were ok but had cheese in the sauce, which was unexpected.  The salad came in one of those big deep fried tortilla bowls, which kinda contradicts the reason to eat a salad, doesn't it?
3	After eating at Red Mango it's new neighbor, went down here for dinner. Yes try it....dessert first then dinner. It kinda flows. This place has good gringo mexican food. Not real mexican. But eh. gringo style. They have fish tacos. I think they make it with whiting...Eh a little fishy for me and it's not a huge hefty chunk of fish. The Paradise roll was pretty good. Good enough for me to burn the roof of my mouth. The Mexicalzi salad was great. But I was looking for a peanut sauce? The rice bowl - was the second thing I enjoyed. I dunno I liked the place but I didn't. I mean the food wasn't phenomenal. The decor.....looked like there was a beach caricature convention in town and they all decided to migrate here with some taggers and decorate, but in the meantime there was a quinceniera and a pinata party caught up in the middle of it and a bomb exploded....Yea so that's the best description I can have. Drink menu not too interested. They use cheap margaritaville tequila in everything. But you can substitute. Rosaritopolitan. Hmm Cosmo w tequila? Banana cream pie margarita.....Banana cream pie shot - with tequila? I mean it just wasn't creative or original. Here's a freebie. Spicy Tapatio and Mint Margarita....Hey that's my own concoction. Don't knock it till you try it. Just a splash of Tapatio - or you can use tabasco. Muddle it with mint and simple syrup, fresh limes, and use a good tequila and cointreau....Mmmm Fantastico. Splash soda water on top.
1	Gross. The margaritas are sub par. As one friend described them, they taste like pinesol bathroom cleaner. I think this place is better known for drinks rather than a place to eat. I ordered a basic Caesar salad which came out drenched in much too salty dressing. I had to send it back. My friend ordered a fajita that was under seasoned. It came with a lot of peppers and hardly any meat. I've been here a couple times for drinks and have never been too impressed. My first time eating there was also the last time.
2	This place sucks. My gripe last time was the cost. I ordered a specialty drink called the Paradise Passion (or something like that) and it didn't taste super good or anything. I also ordered a couple of taquitos that were okay, not very good. I got the bill and almost had a heart attack -- it was like $18!!! For one drink and taquitos!! I was so mad and vow to not spend my money there again!Also, the place seems kinda grimy.
5	Great place for Mojitos.The bartender Sean is the best Mojito maker this side of ... Jamaica?The food is truly terrible.Ambience is a bit obnoxiousBut the staff and bar full of regulars is a Hoot!  Loves it!(btw, if you're hungry, go to the sushi place in the same strip mall, its awesome!)
4	This place is a lot better than I thought it would be.  Came here two weeks in a row on a Friday night... $2 Bud Select's, so already we're doing OK.  They have a Guitar Hero competition, and if you play you get a free beer.  Ate some food tonight and it was pretty solid.  No real complaints about this place.  If I'm in the area or am at Hard Rock trying to kill time, I'll definitely stop in here again.
5	This little gem is located in the corner of a strip mall right across the street from the Hard Rock hotel. Happy hour is 2 for 1 drinks...and the drinks are good! Our wonderful bartender Aaron made amazing margaritas and bloody marys for us...and they were potent! We enjoyed some guac, chips, queso, and salsa. The chips and guac are made fresh everyday and were delicious! The queso was velveeta heaven!All of the staff were upbeat and awesome! This is one of my new favorite Vegas watering holes!
5	Who drives from LA to Vegas for a 21 hour stay???? This girl, that's who! So, during my whirlwind Friday night in Sin City this weekend, you can bet I made the most of those 21 hours! And when my local friend and I were on hour 7 of drinking and at least one of us (it was clearly me) had made it all the way through an amazing Foo Fighters show at the Joint, it was time to find a bar because, well,  you always need more drinks! Now, if you read my reviews, you can probably guess that I am much more of a bar type gal rather than a lounge lizard. And Vegas dance clubs get old real quick, so with only those 21 precious hours and months of stuff to catch up on with my friend, we wandered out of the Hard Rock in a quest for a sweet-ass bar, within walking distance of course. My friend knew about a hoffbrau across the street but it was closing so we just happened to wander into this strip mall instead and the word cantina was all we needed to make our way inside. Standard crazy mexican bar decor greeted us on the inside along with 2 great bartender brothers who, in true Vegas transplant fashion were from Ohio. Those boys kept us entertained and kept the delicious drinks flowing. Sean even let me play dj with his ipod after already playing every song I requested - even better than the best jukebox if you ask me! My friend ordered a bowl of tortilla soup at one point and that was delicious as well. Even a regular at the bar who just so happened to be from our home town here in Cali (but many years older than us) was there... so surreal he could have been planted there just to add familiarity! Soon, our one drink to tide us over until we figured out where else to go became about 8 drinks and 3 1/2 hours so Paradise Cantina will definitely hold a fond place in my liver and I will surely be back for chill, fun, but still very very drunken nights in Vegas!
3	Good atmosphere if you like noise. Good mix of people. Great happy hour deals...two for one drinks. The nachos are good, guac has no onions which is a big plus for me. Waitresses were very friendly but the bartenders were assholesIt's close to where I work and a decent place to chill after work but I don't think I'd drive from my cozy Northwest suburb down to this place just to eat and drink
3	I love Vegas!  Even after a loong night of shaking our booties, we found several joints open for late night munchies.  It was 4 a.m. and we stumbled in from partying it up at Body English across the street.  We waited awhile before our server came over.  Apparently, there was only one server and one bartender.  Service was very slow, but she was super sweet.  We had the Nachos with Carne Asada.  It was just average but the beef was tender and the serving was huge.  Although we were trying to recover, I must admit, we were tempted by the drink specials.  For all you SoCal people, this place resembled Chronic Cantina.
3	There is really only one reason to go to Paradise Cantina - HAPPY HOUR!!!!  2 for 1 drinks from 4 - 7 pm...(check me on that time, tho).  Double fisted Patron shots?  I'm there!  Chase it with double fisted Crown and Cokes?  I'm TOTALLY there!!!There is outside seating, the food is ok (typical Ameri-Mexican food), and the ambiance is fun.  The music is a little loud so don't plan on having that quiet heart to heart with you're honey.  But if you wanna hang out with friends, and get drunk enough to make new friends, this is the place to do it!!!!
3	The is pretty good, the just don't give you much of it.  The beer is bottled and thus just like everywhere else.The exception, Taco Tuesday.  TT is a great deal for both beer and tacos.
5	This place is great! The food is always good and the service is wonderful. These guys really know how to treat customers. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to get away from that "club" scene and have a really good time at a great bar.
5	This is definitely one of my favorite places! I go there all the time & I'm never disappointed. Great service, great food & great drinks! 4-8 happy hour is the best.. it's 2 for 1! Their sangria is my favorite, as well as every margarita I've tried and the other drinks like the pina colada and lava flow. I love the chicken nachos, their chicken tacos & their enchiladas. One of my friends always gets the taquitos but I haven't tried them yet.. though it's obvious he loves them. I personally love the decor.. it's really laid back and there's always a nice mix of people. Check it out!
3	The Paradise Cantina has been an on and off favorite of mine for Happy Hour (4-8pm 2 for 1). I've had the food on more than one tipsy occasion, but unless I've not eaten all day, I will try to just  have drinks here and then head to Joe's New York Pizza a couple doors down for dinner as the food here is hit or miss. I am a big fan of the nachos, and their queso dip, but the entrees in my experience aren't all that great. This is definitely a nice place for a happy hour in the summer as they have a nice big patio for those long summer nights, and it is good people watching location for both tourists and locals alike.
4	I've been to this bar about once a week for the last couple months or so. It's nothing special, but for some reason I can't stop going back. The bar has a great happy hour from 4-7, as well as a few daily specials. Tuesdays until 10 pm offer $2 bottled domestic beer, $1.50 tacos, as well as cheap margaritas and mojitos. I believe there are also specials on Monday nights when they offer karaoke. The one thing I will say, is that they don't offer any draft beers, something I look forward to when going to a bar. Although it is a bar, there is no smoking in the actual establishment which is always a con in my opinion. But, for the smokers, Paradise Cantina has a decent sized patio, which is great on the rare occasions ha there is nice weather in Las Vegas. I usually go on a Tuesday or Wednesday night, so it's never very busy. Service has always been great. Waitresses are friendly, and drinks come out quickly. I've only had the nachos to eat, but they are delicious. Overall, it's a nice bar to go to when you're on that side of town. It has decent prices, but they aren't prices that you wouldn't be able to find at any of the other bars near the UNLV campus.
5	Happy hour here I come! How can you not love 2 for 1 drinks and fattening bar food?!I enjoy the pretzel with spicy cheese sauce as my food du jour. Don't expect haute cuisine, it's just a fun place to meet up with your friends after work to drink and chat.Keep your expectations low and have fun!
2	AAAACK?  Cozymel's where have you gone???I was heartbroken this week to find that my favorite queso spot is no more.  So, we rounded the corner to Paradise to see how their queso game is.It's not.Forget about real cheese, I don't even think this was velveeta.  I'm pretty sure this is the industrial-sized canned cheese.  I didn't realize I was a cheese dip snob until visiting Paradise.   Avoid at all costs.They get two stars because this is obviously a great place to come have drinks and watch a game.  Lot's of TV, sports memorabilia, stools, benches and friendly staff.But I nearly choked to death on the tortilla soup which was 5 parts jalepeno, 1 part soup.  (they were good enough to take it off the bill....maybe because i was horizontal in the booth, red-faced, choking and sputtering...not one of my finer moments).I'd say swing through for drinks, if you need a friendly spot to watch a game, but keep it movin to somewhere else for food.
5	I stumbled upon this place about a year ago, a friend of mine asked me to meet her there. I have been coming back almost weekly since. I can't put my finger on why either... the food is hit and miss, you'll find something incredible to eat on the menu, is listed right after something you should avoid at all costs. The prices are decent, but nothing to write home about. I think it's the staff, the clientele, and for lack of a better word, the "vibe." The bartenders are incredible. Every one of the bartenders are hilarious (Especially the new guy Alan. You get this guy going and you will spit most of your drink out from laughing.) The waitresses are almost all hot. The variety of people that frequent this place will guarantee you a fun conversation. Great spot for an evening with friends, if you're looking for a place to just chill out. I love it.
5	Hungry and kinda of cheap to take a cab out to the strip (I stayed at the HRH) three of us ventured off to this little strip mall.  After reading the reviews, I was a little hesitant to try to this place. Thankfully, when everyone got their food, we were all super happy.  I ordered the Fajita sandwich and I was pleasantly surprised. It's basically a burrito (chicken fajita, sour cream, lettuce, tomato, avocado) in a fluffy torta. Actually, it's a TORTA! For lunch, it was perfecto. The servings are pretty large, enough for two people to share. Everyone else said their food was also good. I think my bf got a regular burrito--he loved it and his cousin got a flauta-eggroll like thing--she also liked it! Drinks...the margaritas were also large and strong. I left feeling buzzed even after all that food. I don't remember how much everything was, but it was definitely reasonable for the amount of food and alcohol we got.  The service was spot on. Our waitress (she wore a flower in her hair) was very attentive, helpful and friendly.  Overall, I'd recommend this place for anyone looking for a nice, quiet, and inexpensive lunch place.
3	A group of us went to the Paradise Cantina when we had a little extra free time for lunch. This restaurant has a great location and when the weather is nice it's great to sit out on the patio.I would give the food a "schme" rating. That's a step above "bleck" and a notch below "ohmagaw." It's very Americanized Mexican food. The chicken is unseasoned and all white meat. I'm pretty sure it's a plain chicken breasteses. Not too shabby inside a quesadilla, but kind of odd for a taco or tostada. The chips and salsa were probably the best part of the meal. Salsa had great flavor and came with guacamole. I was a little perturbed that they actually charged for chips and salsa - they must not have gotten the memo that these sorts of things are generally free when you dine-in. It looks like they have some pretty awesome Happy Hour deals. I'd definitely be inclined to go back for Happy Hour or have lunch there again.Great stop on a nice day, just don't expect a superb Mexican cuisine.
1	Yeah..... no!Went there to get a fast margarita and some food in me before heading to Crazy Horse 3 for work and honestly.... I thought I was in crook town. My bf happened to be a pretty good bartender and flair bartender in this town and we sat, as usual, at the bar. We ordered a margarita (happy hourse buy one get one single shot, great deal one may think) well, the guy who started the order was good. He did the two shots and started pouring the drinks in 2 glasses when this other spike haired dude, who acted like he owned the bar (? manager maybe?) asked him if he had a glass left in the blender....I was like wtf? There wasnt a full glass left for spike hairs customer order so he just took the 2 drinks already pourded (remind you, 2!! shots for 2 glasses as in single shot order for 2) and put it in another mixer, added tons of ice and did 3!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! drinks with 2 shots we ordered and charged us the full price and the other customer.My bf didnt say anything, since it was buy one get one. BUT if this happens once it is more common I would think.I am NOT going back there. The burrito was fast and delicous though, but its WAY overpriced. I get it, its LV and tourists pay too much.Go to Dona Maria's on Las Vegas Blvd and Charleston corner. The margaritas there are HUGE, STRONG and not 3 out of 2. And its WAY cheaper, with $8.50 for a really large margarita, frozen.
5	I have Facebook friends that are always checking into this place so after two years, I finally decided to hit this place's 2 for 1 happy hour which is everyday from 4-8pm. I love this place for its rock music, friendly atmosphere, Caribbean theme. It is located in a busy area where Hofbrauhaus, Hard Rock Casino and airport traffic area but still is convenient to get to. The paradise rolls were fantastic and all the other items on the menu are reasonably priced. The ownership is friendly and there are plenty of TVs to watch sporting events. I will become a regular here and start telling others about their happy hour.
4	best happy hour in Vegas, 4-8 pm 2 for 1 drinks any liquor.  ...... . .Strong drinks, great service, bartenders aren't douche bags, good food.  I would recommend to everyone especially around this time any day of the week
2	I usually love going to this place, but we went in there Saturday night and the hip hop music was so loud we didnt even finish our drinks and left.  Absolutely horrible music and waaaay too loud.  Dont get me wrong, I love loud music, just not that hip hop crap.  I thought I stumbled into a bar on the west side of Vegas.  Probably due to the youngster tending bar.  I will go back, but if that kind of music is blasting I'm finished with this place.
4	2 for 1 drinks! Great service from a very friendly and fun bartender last time we were there! Been here many times before and we'll continue to go back. We like it when school's out so you don't have all the college kids crowded into the place.
1	My girlfriend and I went to Paradise on Sunday to watch football thinking it would be really great.  We had read online about the great football specials.  We are Las Vegas locals and we were looking for a little change of scenery for the games and drove 15 miles to get there.  The food was mediocre at best but the 16 oz $4 Bloody Mary came in a small 8 oz hard plastic cup.  The second round came in the correct cups. When we politely questioned the cup size on the first round the bartender, Alan called my girlfriend a liar and said he would do nothing about it.  This is the same guy who earlier switched the game we were watching and then had to be convinced to change it back.   Finally Sean handled it and took the drinks off the bill.  Alan also told a buddy customer  that it was OK to smoke  in the dining area where we were eating when it is clearly marked "No fumar!"  Hello, McFly!  some people actually choose to go to a bar because it is No Smoking!  I have no problem with this addicted idiot getting cancer but please do it alone.  The real problem is that the bar staff allowed it and Alan even gave them permission.  Sorry Paradise we are going back to Millers at Town Square.  BTW the waitress, Sue was awesome.  Great service and great attitude despite the rude and arrogant bartender.
4	Two words...happy hour.  One of the best happy hour's in town, 4-8PM, 2 for 1.  A great place to kickstart your night with lots of cheap drinks.  The only food I have ever eaten are the quesadillas and chips/salsa...both were decent.  This review only applies to the bar aspect, food is 3 stars.  Great place to watch football games too.
1	We should have listened to our first intuition and hit up the pizza joint next door. However, we didn't and decided to try this place instead.The chips were good and that is about it. The salsa that accompanies the chips, which by the way you have to pay almost $6 for was unimpressive. Then they charged us another $1 when we asked for more salsa to finish the initial quantity of chips that were supplied. What a rip-off.My wife ordered the taquitos which seemed just like the cheap ones you can buy in any grocer freezer (not home made). She refused to eat them and fortunately to their credit, they removed them from the bill.I had the street tacos which were okay but nothing to write home about. I can't speak for the quality of the booze that is served here as we went for lunch so maybe they serve good drinks. I dunno but a place like this wouldn't survive in my town.Oh, and by the way, after leaving here, we did go to the pizza place next door which was fantastic (another review).
1	Like David who was here about two weeks ago, this is a place I would not return to.  This was our second experience here and like David said the chips are ok, but that is about it.  The cheese they use is not good, the salsa you can make at home and make it taste better and the food was average.What seems to attract people to this place is the happy hour times which offers 2 for 1 drinks.  It seems like they are surviving off the bar and NOT the food.  On the bottom of the receipt is CLEARLY states GREAT MEXICAN FOOD NOTHING OVER 10.$.  This is exactly how it is written..WRONG...They should change this before someone decides to take the time to sue them for false advertising and shuts them down.  Two people in our party ordered Fajitas and we were charged $11.00 for each.  Now I am not a math wizard, but I do believe that contradicts what they advertise on their receipt.  Also, if you order Enchilada or a burrito, most Mexican Restaurants give you that with rice and beans...NOT THIS PLACE, they charge you $2.00 extra if you want sides with your food bring the total cost of your dish, YOU GUEST IT, to OVER $10.00.  You end up paying anywhere from $10.50 to $13.00 for that plate. AND DON'T"T EVEN THINKS OF ASKING FOR MORE TORTILLA'S unless you want to pay $1.00 per request.  The staff has been very nice on both visits which makes the place bearable...One couple in our party was NOT impressed with the alcohol the first time around and sent their drinks back.  It does look like they took those drinks off the bill even though they FAIL to inform you of this.  They don't inform you of the extra charges or if they do something to benefit you, ITS A SURPRISE AND EVERYONE LOVES SURPRISES WHEN THEY GO OUT TO EAT FROM A RESTAURANT RIGHT???So one last example, they offer a burrito called enchilada style, which means they put sauce and cheese on the outside.  The burrito is $7.00 but for the scoop of sauce and a little cheese, you guessed it, $2.00 extra and then if you want rice, beans and chips with your burrito, another $2.00 bringing the total to $11.00.....Again $1.00 over the NOTHING OVER $10.00 quote on the receipt.  Lastly about the Fajita plate, $11.00 is apparently without meat, if you want meat, anther $2.00 and the beans offered on the side, another $2.00, that is a $15.00 plate and in any other restaurant, the price would be the same but would include rice, chips and ALL THE TORTILLA's you desire at NO EXTRA CHARGE.This is Vegas folks, there are a LOT better Mexican Restaurants in town for the same price of a $13.00 to $15.00 plate with NO HIDDEN CHARGES, better drinks, and just as good Happy Hour Specials.The ONLY SAVING grace this place has and this is why they will survive in this town David, is that they are close to UNLV so people who don't have cars can indulge, they are not far from the strip and they do have a LOT OF TVs for watching sports and most people don't need more then a few drinks and some chips to munch on while watching a game.  Just make sure you enjoy the chips dry as the VERY SMALL dish of salsa is NOWHERE NEAR enough for the amount of chips you get and YOU WILL GET CHARGED if you ask for MORE....There are better places to watch sports in this town as well.   Read through the reviews, the 4 stars are from people who enjoy cheap, low alcohol drinks who think they are getting a deal.  Read Ms Fabulous W from 5/15/2011, you will really see what your Happy Hour Drink are getting you....LOLMaybe Glen Learner the Heavy Hitter would like to get his hands on this receipt.
4	I am basing this review from a combination of atleast 5 visits to this place.  I only go this place for a Rebel Game pre-funk or a post Rebel game party.  It is about a 5-10 minute walk to the T & M (of course that depends on how fast you walk).I stopped there once for a pre-funk and it was pretty much full.  It was evening game and the bar was having happy hour so it worked out perfetcly.  All beers were 2 for 1!  I got 2 dos equis for like $4!Now... if you stop by here on a post Rebel game night the place will be packed with Rebel fans!  I think the bar gives you a free drink if you show them your stub... ticket stub.  It turns out to be a lively place with cheap drinks!As far as the food goes... it's more of a drinking place instead of a restaurant, but it serves ok mexican food.  This is a funb place before and or after the Rebel games!
1	Hung over...hungry and already in grumpy mood.  Hoped a good bloody mary on our way out of Vegas would do the trick.  We were ready to get out of town and went on the outskirts for our last meal.Sorry....Paradise...but you are not what you think you are.  Do not recommend eating here. Drinking beer...yes..watching sports..yes...eating and drinking mixed drinks...NO WAY! It get's one star because I will not go to a Mexican place that charges for chips and salsa...and if the salsa is bad...I'd rather just go to an American Sports Bar/restaurant. You have to pay for chips and salsa. 5.99 for a quarter cup of salsa and when we asked for a bit more salsa to go with our chips, we noticed at the end we were charged an extra dollar for the little bit xtra salsa!!! The guacamole tasted like it came prepackaged and was store bought and not fresh at all. Con: Food- Everything tastes like it came out of a can but you are charged like they grew the tomatoes, jalapenos, and onions themselves! Too expensive for what you get. Ordered the fajitas as those are kind of hard to mess up and yes they were bad! Bad flour tortillas, shrimp was from on of those frozen bags that you get for like 5 bucks in your supermarket frozen aisle.Pro: THIS IS WHAT THE ONE Staple Mandatory STAR IS FOR, guess yelp feels everything is good for at least one thing..... What you are paying for is the tv's, decorations, and live sports feed. Do not recommend paying for a drink that is mixed just go for the bottled kind. It is a much better value and at least you know what you are paying for.Taco Bell with my 42" Flat Screen TV and Surround Sound System at home is a much better experience.:(
1	Can you give no stars??? The food was horrible, the "blended" margaritas were like crappy Slurpee's devoid of any liquor or flavor, just ice. The owner and staff openly eat their shift meals in front of customers, letting the service time suffer. We went there a couple of times to see if it was a fluke but no, the owner was yelling at staff when we walked in, and we waited over half an hour for service and finally left. Maybe if the owner wasn't so busy making his staff feel useless we might have gotten some service. DO NOT GO HERE!  If you have a hankering for Mexican food, go to taco bell! It is a huge step up in quality!
2	Well, here I go again in Vegas with Mexican Food. This place was recommended by a friend but it might have been go there and drink and I missed that part. As a bar it was happening but the food was unimpressive. I got fajitas and it was tasteless and totally forgettable. I knew I had to review it fast before I forgot the entire experience lol. It looks like as a bar this place might be cool. Its across from the Hard Rock so it seems to fill up. However, it felt like locals in there so I am not sure who is filling it up. I will have to hit it on the way home some night and check it out as a bar not a restaurant.One thing I found annoying as well, as they charge $1 for chips and salsa?? So I thought wow it must be good, uh.. no.. It was nothing to even recall, in fact I cant remember what it tasted like. So no freebies in this joint.
3	2 for 1 Happy Hour drinks after a long day at the ASD show. Nice atmosphere and food was okay. Waitress was nice but not generous.I ordered the steak wet burrito which was yummy after a long day at a trade show and my sister ordered the tacos. We were famished and thirsty so this was good on an average level. We then ordered the hot wings to go for later since we knew we were heading straight back to the hotel room to .... sleep!
5	I've gone to this place for years and I'm still in love! Awesome bartenders, great drinks, great food (paradise rolls are sooo good)! I bring all my friends here and everyone loves it.. how could you not?
1	The evening I came here I was craving Mexican food BADLY! I wanted something in the area where I was staying so unfortunately Paradise Cantina was the nearest and I sadly set foot into this "mexican food place"/bar... Ahh if only i didn't!!!! The food was disgusting I ordered a Taco Salad and that should be good no matter where you go, um not at this place really, my dad ordered a burrito and he was disappointed as well, nothing even resembling to tasty traditional mexican food, it was more like fast greasy frozen food that has been sitting in the back, yuck. I could of had Taco Bell or one of those fast food chains, cuz if I did my tummy wouldn't of been sick a week after eating that food. My dad is a big bear drinker, usually always orders draught beer, he said that this place probably hasn't even cleaned their pipes for years, the beer was flat no taste to it at all, and yea I trust him cuz my dad always leaves his glass empty always asking for another glass, but not this time I guess?!I strongly recommend that Paradise Cantina betters in their kitchen, maybe hires an actual cook that makes fresh food and also try's better in customer service. The servers are very rude, it takes them forever to take your order and their attitude is not pleasant at all, they have no clue what's on the menu, when you ask them questions about the food they have no clue or they don't even try explain.. I'd also say it would be best if Paradise Cantina could try manage the place better all together it could be better, you guys are only lucky right now because tourists like me don't know what they are stepping into, but I don't really thinks locals would go there, the place right now is just junk all together.Funniest thing outside the place there is a HUGE banner saying they are the #1 mexican place, and its even been awarded, umm idk think that's true honestly...  Sorry guys I really hope you improve somehow...
3	I have been to Paradise Cantina on my own a couple of times for food. It is okay food. The Paradise stlye burrito is good. If you order a dinner platter you get rice, beans and chips on the side otherwise the burrito is a la carte. My rice had good flavor but was room temp at best. The beans were good. The chips were pre-salted and overly so. I never salt my chips any how. I found myself brushing off the salt on each chip. On the plus side, service was friendly and quick.Now if you go to Paradise Cantina with a group after work for, say, a going away party for a departing co-worker as I have several times in the past, it is another story. Order a bucket of beers, a couple margaritas and some shareable appetizers and you are set for a fun evening. It is great place to just hang out and share some laughs.This place is small and gets crowded quickly so show up early or send out a scout to reserve a table for everybody in advance.
3	I've been coming in here for years and have always had great service. The two for one happy hour is a great deal although the regular price on the drinks is already a little high although still cheap for "strip" standards. The food menu needs to be completely overhauled. Stick to the basic appetizers like wings and taquitos and you will be fine. The mexican food however is poor quality and way overpriced. There's lots of televisions for sports although some of them are in hard to watch locations. There is almost always some good classic rock on the stereo.It's not much of a gaming bar with only a few video poker machines located at a small bar.Most of the crowd doesnt go here to gamble anyway.The bartenders are all fast and efficient. Its more of a local college/working class hangout with some stragglers from the various nearby hotels mixed in.
1	I'm in Vegas for work for a month. I stopped to get some food here and it was horrible. Worst Mexican food ever. Everything was just bland. No flavor, none. Taco Bell is better than this place. Also it said no smoking and there were signs everywhere but people were smoking inside and it smelled like stale cigarettes. I realize as a Californian I am often biased as to what constitutes good mexican food. But this place was the worst I've ever experienced.
3	I like this place. I was heading to the Hard Rock for a show at the Joint and didnt feel like spending the usual more on drinks there than the ticket costs so were were hunting some affordable pre-game drinks. I walked in at 5 on a Saturday and was thrilled to discover Happy Hour on Saturday-yes. I asked the bartender what was what and he explained that basically all drinks were 2 for 1. So my Stoli greyhound was $6 and came with an identical twin-ideal!  The drinks were good and strong and I realized about 45 mins before show time that I hadnt eaten anything yet. We glanced at the basic mexican themed bar menu and quickly chose chicken nachos which were unfortunately, very average. Nothing real good about these- bland and uninspired  but filling and quick. So it was 2 more cheapies and then scamper(stumble?) across the street for some rock n roll. I like the casual atmosphere(small and dumpy), the friendly staff and great drink specials. I will be back and give the food another shot, although i will set my sights really low......BRING ME FRIES! Oh yeah, AC was pumping and felt like a cool 72 degrees in there too.
3	I came here with my family because my sister mentioned that she liked their tacos. So of course we ordered tacos (chicken) and it came with 3. The chicken was dry and blend, and the sauce that came with it was flavorless. We had to add hot sauce to it. I was worried that our chicken taquitos would be disappointing too, but it was great. Not too greasy, soft, flavorful, and juicy. Our shrimp fajita was good as well, it came with a lot of grilled bell peppers and onions. The rice was a little bland, but with the guacamole, pico, and the vegetables/shrimp, it was yummy. Our waiter, Carrie, was super attentive and friendly, coming over more than once to check up on us. The interior had dim lighting, and there was extremely loud music playing, making it hard to have a conversation. The walls and ceiling are covered with various beer brand items (posters, flags, inflatable bottles). They have a really good happy hour deal/weekend deal for margaritas, 2 for 1!
2	Your typical local Mexican themed neighborhood bar. Don't expect anything fancy or even on the level of a bar on the strip. I came here with a group of friends and a local who highly recommended Paradise Cantina, but I was left pretty disappointed.They have margarita specials, and a good variety to choose from. However, these "specials" are still pretty costly. A normal sized margarita ended up being around $12 (+/- $2, can't really remember). They're served in a plastic cup, which just makes this place even more tacky. Come on guys, this isn't a frat party. The margarita was all juice and barely any alcohol. Way too sweet, not sour at all, and just ended up being something I had to deal with and chug down. Not impressed at all.Their beer selection is highly minimal, with Pacifico being the most extravagant beer they offer -_-. Service is surprisingly good and our waitress always checked up on us with a smile. If you're a local, this might be an ok place to just come and hang out if you're willing to sacrifice quality. If you're from out of town, don't even bother.
2	Ok, I know lots of locals like Paradise Cantina, but I have to say I wasn't too thrilled when I went. We were with a group of friends on a Friday night and the restaurant had a fun, dive bar atmosphere, but the food just was 'meh'. I got the chicken tacos and dry doesn't even begin to cover the flavorless chicken that was crumbling in my hands along with the tortilla.That said, the happy hour special was awesome - buy one drink, get the second drink free. I would definitely head here for your pregame, but don't make it your main event.
3	I come here at most twice a month for film events/kickbacks and birthdays. The drinks are a bit pricy though and the food isn't that grand but the staff is so friendly and attentive and Mondays are karaoke nights!!! I love the fact that every wall has tvs so I can keep an eye on sports while I chat
4	What a great surprise. Just minuets off the strip, a bunch of Sports TVs and great Latin - Mexican food. We ordered chips and salsa, plus guacamole. The guac was over the top in taste & texture.  We shared large servings of  chicken enchiladas on blue tortillas. An explosion of taste.  Great beans and rice with a home cooked flavor. Large servings.  Good drinks  - several selections of beer and drinks.
4	Great happy hour and appetizers.  The staff is swift, friendly and entertaining.
4	Met a friend there for lunch, (much cheaper than at the Hard Rock Cafe'), I had the fish taco's, and they were up to par. Mexican food can be subjective, but the only difference is service, the guys/girls here were very prompt, and courteous. Give it a try.
5	Happy hour here I come! How can you not love 2 for 1 drinks and fattening bar food?!I enjoy the pretzel with spicy cheese sauce as my food du jour. Don't expect haute cuisine, it's just a fun place to meet up with your friends after work to drink and chat. The food isn't amazing, but you're probably just here for the drinks. Stick to pub grub. Wings and queso dip are some good options too.Keep your expectations low and have fun!
4	Two for one drinks during happy hour is the best thing about this place. Good place to view sporting events. They get a little loud, but it's still a good place to enjoy a game. Good bar food specials too during games.
4	Nice surprise. Noticed on Yelp they were a good place to watch the game so while I snuck in for a quick burrito I could also keep my eye on the football game.  Food was good and the service was fast and friendly.  I am sure I will visit again when in town and I highly recommend this place for groups that want to hang, talk, get loud, have some fun and not pay Strip prices.
5	Great place!  The staff is very friendly. Great drink specials on the weekends. The food was great and large portion for all night drinking sessions.  If your tired of the touristy high rolling casinos come to this spot and hang out with the locals. A must stop in and see place.
4	The bartender will know your name. The happy hour deals are great and the bar is perfect for a social meet up after work.
1	Went to get some food before the airport at this little Mexican spot. The bartender was friendly and greeted us. Our waitress came out and asked if we wanted drinks but wasn't listening to us as we ordered. She had a really bad attitude when my friend said she'd like her soup first (sounded like fast) so the waitress goes, "we'll try as fast as possible but i can't rush anything, what else do you want?"After the food that came, the beans smelled like sweaty old shoes, the burrito was cold, the fajitas had two pieces of chicken. Yes we counted, and took a picture but lost the phone before I could post. Our bill came out as soon as our food came out. Repulsive service and equally repulsive food!
3	Paradise Cantina isn't too bad for Las Vegas Mexican food and that's coming from someone who frequents taquerias in San Francisco. I will for sure tell you that Paradise Cantina is much better than Pink Taco (and less expensive). This past January, I found myself at Paradise Cantina two or three times as I made my way to the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino. The patio seating attracted me to check out the menu and my friend and I decided to get a bite to eat.The menu has all your usual basics including starters, soups and salads, entrees, and dessert offerings. On my first visit, I went simple and got their Cantina Tacos, which included three tacos with your choice of meat, and onions, cilantro, and salsa. For $2 more, you could make it a dinner plate and add rice and beans and tortilla chips. The dinner plate came to a little less than $10. The food didn't take too long to come out, maybe 10 minutes or so and it all came out together, including the chips. I was surprised at the portion size of the rice and beams, as it was a whole other plate on its own. The tacos were your typical size and the carne asada was topped off with onions, cilantro, and salsa. The meat was tender and had plenty of flavor, yet I always add tons of salsa to my tacos. The green salsa in particular was my favorite and asked for seconds or thirds. The rice and beans were more than filling and weren't bland nor was the rice overcooked. All in all it was a great lunch for less than $10.My other two experiences at Paradise varied, as one night we were treated great by the bartender. We stopped by for happy hour and an appetizer or two. On our third and last visit, the waitress was without question rude from the beginning to the very end. The waitress was always short with us and had no conception of what customer service is supposed to be. Nevertheless, we paid our bill, gave a small tip and made our way back to our hotel. Although our last visit to Paradise was less than stellar, I'll more than likely revisit if I'm in the area. I would however avoid the 4am dinner shift.Ambiance/Decor: 4 Stars (out of 5)Food: 3 Stars (out of 5)Service: 3 Stars (out of 5)Price: $$Overall: 3 Stars (out of 5)Pros:+ Decor (very Cantina like)+ Taqueria in Vegas+ Reasonable prices/value+ Generous portions+ Good tasting Mexican+ 24 hours+ Happy hour+ Location (across from Hard Rock Hotel & Casino)Cons:- Service can vary
5	This place is fun! Whether it's karaoke night with Felix or just a random weekend, I am always down to party at the cantina. My friends from work frequent this place. We commonly and affectionately refer to it as "cantina" or "tina". The food is so good and portions are filling. My favorite dish is the shrimp tacos (i can't get enough of that spicy sauce) or the carne asada. Also, the wait staff, especially bartenders Sean and JB make the place feel like home. I hadn't come through in about six months and they still remembered me and the fact that I like to start out with a Shirley Temple before stuff gets crazy. Paradise Cantina is my favorite, even though it seems the owner is a Cleveland Browns fan. ;) Thanks cantina crew for providing me with a place to unwind.
4	A freakin bargain....Been going here for almost 7 years, good drinks, good happy hour and good food. The quality has also steadily improved over time. Cheapest decent meal with booze for the money in Vegas.Get the boneless wings, they are AMAZING!Get the boneless wings, they are AMAZING!Get the boneless wings, they are AMAZING!I would recommend paying a bit extra for premium booze during happy hour or a big drinker will not be so happy in the morning.
4	MISS TACO TUESDAY WHILE ON VACATION? I DON'T THINK SO!Remember the movie "Speed"? Where the bus has to go a minimum speed limit, or everyone dies? My life is kind of like that. I have to consume a minimum of one taco a week, or I die.  Well.... I'm not totally sure I would die, but I don't want to take any chances so I just keep eating away. Paradise Cantina happens to be located next to CVS, and since we were becoming regulars there, we figured we'd check it out! Our server Jax did a good job taking care of our needs out on the front patio. She brought me delicious, probably life-saving tacos.  We ordered a basket of chips and salsa, as well as some margaritas. The guac that came with the chips was delicious! The salsa was very fresh too. And the tacos weren't bad, albeit pretty messy! (I put a safety bib on the husband.)Spoke with some more friendly employees back inside on my way to the ladies room (which I happily found to be very clean!) I complimented their salsa and they informed me everything is made fresh daily. This pleases me.In conclusion, let's think about the taco. MmmmMMMMmm; taco. The word is the same in English and Spanish. How cool is that?!Taco.
4	Haven't had any of the food yet besides the bar popcorn which was seasoned with a little cajun seasoning and delicious. Katie are bartender was friendly, helpful and quite witty. We made it here just in time for the start of happy hour and wow what a deal. 2 for 1 specials on anything that is alcohol. Shots, margaritas, beers, etc. buy one get one free. Can't argue with that.  Even though I didn't eat, the food I saw brought out around me smelled great and looked good too. I will def try some of the food next time I go and I will def go there again. Located right across the street from the Hard Rock, I would recommend it to anyone staying there that is looking for some local flair and cheap drinks. You will not be let down especially if Katie is working and its happy hour. Plenty of parking out front also.Also they are a Browns Backer bar so if you are a Browns fan and looking for a bar to go to that is close to the strip this is it.
4	Just a quick note....,if your looking for fancy food this is not the place.If you want dinner for 2 with many drinks and and appetizer for $50 or so....this is the place. Best part is that happy hour goes till 8pm,most places it goes till only 6pm, It let's me catch a later dinner and still get drink specials.We also just won $200.00 plus on the slots machines the other night...sweet!
4	Good times! Been here quite a few times but the last one was fairly memorable. UNM was in town to play UNLV and there was plenty of liquored up sports fans! Crazy drunk broads brawling and knuckleheads wanting to pound each other too!Our group had a good time pounding beers and watching the festivities :)
5	Paradise Cantina has been one of my favorite bars in Las Vegas since I moved here close to 9 years ago.  All drinks are 2 for 1 during Happy Hour which is daily from 4 pm - 8 pm. You really can't beat that deal!  The bartenders and waitstaff are friendly, the food is good and there are a ton of TVs so it's a great place to watch a game. It's also very close to the Thomas & Mack Center so it's a great place to stop at before or after a UNLV game or other event at the Thomas & Mack.Paradise Cantina is centrally located in the valley and not far from the strip, so it's great for both locals and tourists.  I would recommend this place to everyone looking for a fun bar with great drink specials!
5	I ate here a few times while in Vegas.. (I was there 5 days and ate here 3 of them) I was so damn impressed... The service for a start was fantastic, all the staff were so friendly and welcoming, the food was delivered quickly and the refills kept on flowing.. Now for the food, WOW.. Everything tasted so goooood! I had the Paradise rice bowl a couple of times which is just fantastic, loads of veggies, LOADS of flavour.. And the Enchiladas, AWESOME.If you love Mexican food and are near by, drop in, you will not be disappointed! I'm looking forward to coming back soon.
1	Mediocre food at best, awful service... Del Taco is a more flavorful and enjoyable experience than this place.My wife and I have given this place 3 tries, and each visit is more disappointing than the last.  PLEASE get rid of your attitude-charged wait staff!!  They are DESTROYING (and drinking) your business.  My wife and I have hotel and food/beverage careers, and have never encountered service in all of Las Vegas as bad this place.  When one ponders why the waitress is such a jerk, and then you see her pounding shots with friends, the pieces come together...The hostess is the only thing this place has going for it, she's sweet and often does half the work of the wait staff.We're done coming here, and giving it any more "chances"!
3	After an off-site work meeting and with 45 minutes to spare for lunch, this is where I found myself for sit-down Mexican food.  As the rating implies, it's A-OK.  I ordered the Burrito, Paradise style and an Iced Tea.  You get that for $11.  The burritos are as large as Chipotle and generously stuffed with meat, beans, rice, guac, and sour cream.  It's A-OK.  It comes with chips and green salsa on the side.  Those are A-OK. For anyone working at UNLV, this is a go-to place for quick Mexican food fare.  They have great happy hour specials and lots of TV's for sports viewing.  They have a nice patio out front.  With a large group of friends looking for good drink specials and something other than fried bar food, this is a good place to go.  Just remember, the food is A-OK.  The service was good, no problems there!
3	So me and my friend crashed a Zappos event here a couple weeks back. So even though my homie Tony picked up the tab, I'm surprised still at how painfully average I found the food to be. Now usually I find free food to always taste a bit better than when I have to pay,  So I couldn't imagine being happy if I had actually bought the food. We tried a couple things but nothing was particularly impressive. The rolled tacos were pretty dry, they kind of reminded me of the taquitos you get in the freezers at Costco. The guac? Go to chipotle, the boneless wings were chewy and had a rubbery texture, and interestingly Paradise does not serve desert. Being the only real, "cantina" (which I guess is Spanish for douchy bar) around UNLV, its my sad duty to report that they have almost no beers on tap beyond the standard domestics. The tequila selection was alright but I expected more from the place. If your looking for a real cantina check out Diablo's or Hussong's on the strip.Fortunately the bar has a good TV set-up to catch the game. TVs everywhere along with the big patio out front makes it a good spot together for friends. Our server told us about the happy hour on the drinks and food which along with the TVs makes Paradise a good spot to catch a game. Keep your expectations in check and you will enjoy the place more than I did.
4	I love this place. Whenever I'm in town I make sure this is the place we go for lunch to grab some nachos and margaritas!
4	This place has a great happy hour, decent food, but slow service.  It's a little off the strip, but if you can find it, you won't be disappointed in the Mexican Food.  The only thing that I was craving was traditional chips and salsa brought to the table to keep me drinking while thinking of something to order.  Chips and Salsa were like $5 and there wasn't enough salsa.
5	Best Wings in Town!!I have been frequenting this place for years and really enjoy their happy hour specials. They typically offer 2-for-1 on any adult beverage from 4-8, which can't be beat.The Mexican food is rather poor in my opinion, but I try to order their chicken wings at every occasion I can get. They don't use your typical Buffalo sauce or BBQ sauce, the wings have a house recipe sauce that provides a sweet heat that causes me to keep coming back for more. Even the average consumer will enjoy their wings. I have family and friends who come to Vegas to visit and they ask me to take them to Cantina as soon as they land at the airport. With a college bar feeling inside you will see a wide variety of patrons from the occasional suit and tie to a spring breaker in a bikini (Hard Rock pool is across the street). Highly recommended.
5	Come here for a drink and a break from the sun... and from high casino prices. This place is a Tequila bar and has a selection of margaritas to choose from. Cassidy was really really nice with a pretty little face. We enjoyed chatting with her about how living in LV was. Looks like this place literally is a little slice of cheesy Tijuana beach bar. The food was Meh... so Cassidy and her smile really won it for us. Come here for drinks... not so much for food.
1	Omg where to start.Original margarita: so this tasted weird.  Had a weird taste at the end.  Well it has fresh lime juice, you know when you drink ok and it's going bad, you get that tang.  This has that taste.  Yuck.  So I went to a mojito instead, this was good.Chips and salsa costs here, guess I'm spoiled.  Chips are "fresh". Yet we had a bunch that were stale, from the previous night?Rice and beans were good but their blue corn tortillas for cheese enchiladas were very hard.  Wasn't a fan at all.Service was ok but this place was very over priced and weird.Please don't think this is Mexican food people.
5	Great service, happy hour and food! I was in Vegas for 4 days, had dinner here twice. I don't remember the bartenders name but he remembered me when I came in, staff was making it a fun casual atmosphere. I will be back anytime I am in the area!
4	Decent food, good service, great happy hour deals, ok margaritas.   The happy hour deal makes this place worthwhile.   It would be a five star rating if you could add one dollar shots to your drink during happy hour.   This restaurant is located right next to the Hard Rock Casino. What more do you need? Other then it to be happy hour every hour
4	A pure Las Vegas staple with drink specials that will truly get you wasted for less.  I would consider this a step up from a dive bar but the food is decent and the Margarita are on point.  Service is always friendly whenever I visit paradise Cantina and conversation with randoms is second to none.   The place is really close to the airport so if you need to kill some time before leaving Las Vegas or just feel like having a few cold ones on Wednesday this is the place for you.
5	For every bad review and scary experience I have had in this crazy town I try to write one positive one to remind myself that life is both sweet and sour.  I love Paradise Cantina!  This is the ultimate dive locals bar.  The kind Anthony Bourdain would haunt.  2 for 1 happy hour and a real Cheers type of environment. Where everybody knows your name!  The bartenders really make this place.  Tortilla soup is delicious.  People I trust.I feel my review needs an edit to call out Bartender Sean and cocktail server Heidi - these are the people that make you feel at part of their family table.  It really make you feel special and part of the family.  There are no other bars.
1	Disgusting! There is a bad smell right when you walk in. Don't order the burrito, worst I've ever had. The bathrooms smelled so bad I almost threw up. The only thing good was the server was nice and the wings were good.
5	Came here for happy hour and so glad we did. We came here on the advice of one of our friends. We all had drinks and they were huge and loaded with alcohol. We had a server named Heidi and not only was she pretty she was super sweet. Now I'm big on drinks and service but the food was so authentic. We only had the nachos, tortilla soup, and black bean soup but all of it was tasty. Can't wait to come back on our next trip.
5	best place ever!!!!! happy hour every day of the week!!! 2 for 1 anything alcohol!!!!!!!4-8pm!!! Go see Missie!!!!!
3	Cool little locals place which is a breath of fresh air from tourist trap Vegas. Main problems here are dirty bathrooms, too-loud just-out-of-fashion rock music, frat party atmosphere, and over-priced cocktails. The food is plentiful, but a bit bland.
5	I stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino and this is conveniently located across the street next to CVS. My servers name was Cassidy and she was very sweet and attentive. I don't eat meat and she was very helpful with suggestions as to what my options were. I decided on the rice bowl and it was a big portion and above all delicious. I also had a house margarita that was well blended and strong. I highly recommend this place and will definitely return.
4	Just the perfect place to get away from the touristy stuff in Vegas. I've been here four times now, and it's consistent.What a breath of fresh air! Cheap, good food, happy hour specials. There is no pretentiousness about this place. I would call it a semi dive, but nothing lacks...service is excellent, food is excellent. Way better than the Pink Taco across the street at Hard Rock....and your wallet will appreciate it too. I love the fish tacos. Crispy, fresh, and a spicy sauce on them. Yummy!Until next time...
5	This bar is the perfect blend of what I look for in my type of watering hole.  Start off with strong large volume drinks add a shot of good tex-mex bar food a splash of several TVs tuned to sports, shake and serve over cheap prices!  On a recent trip up to Vegas, my wife and I were in search for great spots the locals approve of.  Paradise did not disappoint!  I have added this place to the must do list when in Sin City, and you should too!
4	Was in Vegas over memorial Day weekend and came here twice.. Cute place in a little shopping center.  We were working at an event nearby and decided to stop during happy hour. Two for 1 drinks! Yes please, margaritas were fantastic! I got the 3 tacos - 1 chicken, 1 beef and 1 shrimp the first day, the chicken was a bit bland, beef was ok.. BUT the Shrimp was to die for! succulent, perfectly cooked and flavored shrimp, the chipotle sauce that topped it was amazing. Needless to say, day 2, I ordered the tacos again, but ALL Shrimp.  Couldn't have been better
4	Drinks are cheap, the staff are friendly and the food was good. Try the shrimp tacos!  $2 to add a big plate of nachos, rice and beans to your entree if you're really hungry.  We liked it so much we came back the very next night.
2	Happy hour is good, but thats about all that is good about this place. Food is bad, drinks are just ok.
4	One of our favorite places to grab a few evening primers, 2 for 1 beers and margaritas! It's nothing fancy, but we always have fun. It's not where you're at, it's who you're with.
3	Great place for happy hour drinks. If you want a bucket of cheap beer with friends, then this is your place. The patio area is nice when the weather isn't too hot. Wait and bar staff is great. Why the three stars then? The food sucks! I have not had one good item from the menu. I think those who say the food is good had too many drinks during happy hour.
4	The drink specials during happy our were great! Buy one get one free margaritas. They had a variety of margaritas which I truly enjoyed. My favorite was the Cadillac! I still need to go back and try the food.
2	it's summer and tomatoes are at their prime, but canned are used in the salsa here. Guac has such a bizarrely smooth texture there's got to be something else in it beside avocados...cream cheese? Queso is of the canned variety and while bizarely addictive (because who else serves queso in Vegas and let's face it, any is better than none at all..) is kind of sour.  Then there are lunch specials.  Order the tostada and beware!  bring an army of hungry folks - it's not one, it's 2 loaded up and served with a generous side of vegetables. Look - is getting lots of food a bad thing? No, but who wants mexican food the day after - it's soggy, drippy, awful. Particularly if you're packaging up leftovers in foam clamshells (who still does that???!!). Wouldn't it be easier to actually offer portion sizes tailored towards lunch and not the ultimate food coma?  Don't want tequila or a beer? Yes, it's possible - and one decent white wine isn't too much to ask - but apparently here it is. Gack. I should have brought my entire office to eat the meal I purchased -- they'd have left completely full - but I wanted some quiet time after a stressful morning of back to back meetings.  Now I know why I've not been in before and why I probably won't be back.Oh yeah...folks that work there have grown accustomed to it and probably don't notice it - but the restaurant smells bad. I should have left before entering completely  - but I was just worn out and thought surely it couldn't be that bad. It was 12:30 - only 2 other tables straggled in before I left at 1:30 -- and it's near campus.  I think folks have already figured out that this is not the best choice.  Sorry guys.  I really wanted to like you.
3	Paradise Cantina is centrally located! It is not far from the strip... so it's great for both locals and tourists.  I would recommend this place to everyone looking for a fun bar with great drink specials!
2	Very friendly staff. Ample parking. Fun atmosphere. And that's where the good ends. This place is definitely more for partying it up and drinking, then going in to eat. Unfortunately food was sub-par. We ordered chili cheese fries and enchilada style burrito. The food seemed like the type you would get a generic airport restaurant. Really wanted to like it. They kept saying everything is "house made" which tells me not all houses have great food.I would come back and get drunk. But not eat.
1	Walked into this place and walked out. The owner/manager is a nutcase I feel bad for anyone who works for him, highly unprofessional with a jerk attitude for some reason he thinks mistreatment is a cool thing to do. I will never return and will not recommended this place to anyone. He gives small business owners a bad name!
1	This place was not one that I would recommend to anybody. First off when you walk in to the restaurant the only lights they have are red lights and then rest was black. I've never been to a Mexican restaurant that make their customers pay for chips and salsa, and then they have the nerve to charge you 7$, the margaritas are over priced and not worth it AT ALL! They charge 2.50 for everything, an the worst part about this place... I brought the rest of my Taquitos  home when I went to eat one there was a long blond hair INSIDE!! Save your money and go somewhere else but not this place totally not worth it.
3	At first I was very pleased. 2 for 1 margaritas for happy hour and they actually had alcohol in them. It's the fist decent margarita I have had in Las Vegas. Now coming from California we are used to strong margaritas, free chips, free salsa and very good Mexican food. No free chips and salsa here...We look on the menu and it is $8.99 for chips, salsa and guac. Of course, we pass! One of us was having a dish that included chips & salsa and he offered to give it to me. A couple of us ordered tacos and one ordered the hamburger, all of which was pretty good (my husband loved the hamburger) and nice sized portions. The dish that came with salsa came with a miniature plastic cup (about an ounce-the kind that are in little mexican places for salsa to go) of salsa. When I commented on the size the waitress said she could bring more if we wanted. Naturally I wanted more, I call the waitress over and she informs me another wee ounce of salsa is $1.00 more. I was shocked and she didn't seem apologetic at all. Her mood changed immediately after that and we realized this is what you get in a tourist town. I visit Vegas frequently because my son lives here so I am used to seeing how short sighted these restaurants are.To the owners, after spending time on your empty patio during happy hour...you really are missing it. You need to cater to the locals...the cost of chips and salsa is minimal and I can guarantee the minute you start putting free chips and salsa on your tables your restaurant will always be full!! GUARANTEED!Final word...definitely stop for a margarita during happy hour but be careful what you order as there are hidden extra charges. It's also off the strip which makes parking handy.
1	They charge for chips and salsa.  Cockroach came out from under our table so we left.
4	Close to where I live and the food is nothing but delicious. Only the second time here but nothing like tamales to warm your stomach on a cold evening!! Service is fast, food comes out hot and the service seems to be pretty fast. It's kinda like a hole in the wall Mexican joint that serves a purpose. Decor is everywhere but good to watch games at and relax.
