5	Yes... Yes.... YESSSSSS!!Lemon chocolate chip... Plain ol' lemon.... the marble bundt.... OH MAN!YESSSSSS!!
5	Who knew a bundt cake could be soooo melt-in-your-mouth-and-eat-every-last-crumb good?!
4	Ok, come on...don't you love it already by just the name of this place! If you can imagine, this place is just as cute as their name. I never thought that you could have a bakery with just bundt cakes, but this place got creative! They have different flavors of this classic dessert and you will want to try them all! Luckily, they come in so many different sizes that you can get a bunch of little ones if you want to try more that one flavor. My  favorite- Pecan Praline. My mom and I took about 6 of these home with us to the bay area after visiting some family in Henderson and they were just the best gift ever!! Another thing that they have here is Danielle's Snowy white popcorn. They were actually giving free samples of this stuff and it was sooooo good! Everytime I go to Vegas, I always want to stop by and buy a bag but I never get the chance. Not to worry!! They can ship it to you!!! Fortunately I have relatives who sent us 2 huge boxes of the stuff. Its fresh popcorn coated in white chocolate and topped off with a festive drizzle of green and red white chocolate. You can buy a bag of this great popcorn for about 5 bucks at nothing bundt cakes! Who knew that these places existed in Vegas? Try it out!
5	Forget that boxed bundt cake that you make yourself. Just forget it. This is a whole 'nother something that, after one bite, you will not forget. You might know cake, you might know gennoise, you might know frosting. After a N.B.C cake, your cake-tastebuds will be re-set. I don't know what they do, how they do, to these cakes but it is beyond amazing. They offer mini-bundts (single servings) or the big party-size, all in very yummy flavors combos (cinnamon, white choc, dark choc, raspberry, etc...), but it is the super moist texture AND flavor AND I think maybe some love mixed in that produces this magical and unforgettable sweet experience. Most things aren't worth breaking the diet for, but this is. I just discovered that some Capriotti's are also carrying the mini bundts.What Allison said... "Oh Man!" --- that's what you'll say. I promise.
5	Awsome....I recieved one as a Christmas Gift from my accountant... it was amazing... I will definatly get one for my self next time around... Cream cheese frosting was almost better than the moist chocolate cake. It's almost too bad they have a hole in the middle...
5	Simply delicious. So moist and so good....The icing on top is just enough (can be a little sweet). I tasted the chocolate chocolate chip and the flavor of the month (Red Velvet Cake!) SOOOO YUMMY! I can't explain how good the cakes are. You have to try it yourself! The bundlets are so cute too (serves 1, $3.99 each). They even make bigger versions, and the bigger ones get decorated with big artificial flowers. I'm not a huge fan of cake, but if I were to get one, it would definitely be at bundt cake at Nothing Bundt Cakes. *The owner was actually at the store, and she informed us that she is going to open a store in Utah. Business is obviously doing well!
4	We shared a red velvet mini bun which was very fresh, moist and flavorful.
3	OVERALL RATING:Service: 3Decor: 4Food: 3Dog-friendly: NA--------------------------------------------------Plus (+):Tasting samples are nice a big:) The decor is cute. The door's sign says "thanks a bundt":) Minus (-):Wow, the service is S-LO-W  here...but they're really friendly. Prices are high. Maybe they use too much frosting...--------------------------------------------------I've heard that they use Dunkin Hines cake mix for their bundt cakes. If this is true, at least they use it well. These cakes were very moist and I liked the flavors. I had the Red Velvet and Carrot Cake. Don't think I'll go rushing back, but I can recommend it to cupcake lovers as a good alternative.
3	after a nice lunch at matteo's, had a meeting with a local realtor.  decided to be a nice guy and bring a couple mini-bundt cakes from Nothing Bundt Cakes.ordered the white chocolate raspberry and the red velvet.  they are softball sized.  cost a little under $4 each.both cakes, very moist.  the red velvet cake, a little on the bitter side.  the raspberry - basic white cake with pieces of raspberry  - nice taste.  the frostings ( cream cheese and white chocolate ) both were good.  might be a little on the sweet side for some, but i liked it.nice place to go to when you want a treat.
4	I haven't had the chance to purchase a cake for myself but I've tried several flavors while attending birthday parties and their cakes are soooo good!  My favorite, so far, is the cinnamon cake.  I'll definitely stop by this place and get a cake for myself sooner or later.
5	Eat marble cake. No stop looking at the other flavors! Marble cake. Marble only! Wait..and white chocolate raspberry, thanks Keith almost missed that. This place is good enough that my madre ordered $1000 worth in holiday gifts of these cakes. They get pricey as you start ordering the larger ones, which you rarely need because the cake is rich and very flavorful. Unlike other cakes, it's very moist and will give you most of the flavor in the first few bites. You won't need to stuff yourself with it to be satisfied, though you will probably stuff yourself because you can't help it. I'm really waiting for one of these to move to Los Angeles and kick all the Sprinkles and other stupid bakeries out of the water. this is much better priced, and much better in general. Not ostentatious. For some reason right next to a pizza place and some discount perfume thing...weird location frankly, but you aren't going to eat the cake there so don't worry about it. You are going to eat it at home with your family and start to build an account as large as ours. By the way, they deliver, though only in four hour windows (1-4, some time in the morning too I forget) so if you need it at a specific time just make the effort to pick it up. Ah bundt cake, I love thee so much.
5	OMG...I've never had bundt cake like this, MUST try!  I stumbled upon this store by accident...my friend and I were going to Target and we were in search of cake, since we rejected a cupcake store just earlier and were going to go to search for cake after Target, but thank goodness I found this cute store.  I was kind of skeptic since I'm not a big bundt cake fan, but I figured it wouldn't hurt to check it out.  They had samples of red velvet cake and I immediately fell in love.  My friend who doesn't like red velvet even enjoyed the cake.  There were pieces of chocolate in the ever so moist cake and my friend and I knew this is it.  We bought the mini-bundts: marble, red-velvet, chocolate, white raspberry, and carrot.  I was expecting them to not taste as good as the samples since a lot of times the miniture version doesn't live up to the larger scale of cake, but I was wrong...when I took a bite I was so completely satisfied that my friend and I decided on Nothing Bundt Cakes.  The cakes do not have fancy decorations, but definitely yummy, hope you have a wonderful experience too!
5	Cake never tasted so good. I get either the Red Velvet or the Marble. I've also tried the Carrot, but i've had better elsewhere. The cream cheese topping they use is like crack. If you eat their cake once, you'll be hooked for life. They even have little "bundlette" cakes which are meant to be single servings for about $5 a pop.
5	I usually don't care for bundt cakes but a co-worker swore this was one of the best desserts in vegas.  Simple....nothing bundt cakes....not much more needs to be said. Try the marble and the red velvet, haven't tried all the flavors yet...but working my way down the line. *This one gets a yum yum yuuum from me!
4	At first I was like...bundt cakes?? Who the hell eats bundt cake? I went to a birthday party and had a slice...then I was hooked. I always go to this store for my constant fix for the moist and tasty goodness! Bundt cakes ar surprisingly awesome!!!!!!!
5	I'm a HUGE fan!the 1st time i heard 'bundt cake', i thought- yuck. dense, dry. richSo i reluctantly got dragged into that place by my friend...but once i tried the sample...OH MY!The Choc Choc Chip was AMAZINGMoist, light, yummy and the frosting is SO GOOD!The pineapple upside down cake was pretty good too...but my fave is still the chocYUM YUM YUMLOV U!
4	Who knew they had stores that only sold fancy bundt cakes?  A Las Vegas original, Nothing Bundt Cakes rivals the best cupcake places I've tried.  My Favorite Flavors:Red Velvet - Surprising chocolate chips in the red velvet & cream cheese frosting make this the best I've tried.Carrot - Cream cheese frosting on top of delicious carrot cake.Chocolate - Chocolate cake with chocolate chips and chocolate frosting. If you love chocolate, you'll love this chocolate overload.Sizes: The mini bundt cakes are perfect for one (hungry) person. The full size version is just as tasty and works perfectly for celebrations. Prices: They are definitely not cheap at $4.50 per mini. The full-size bundt cakes at almost $30 and a decorated one will set you back nearly $40. But who can resist the moist cake and the perfectly sweet frosting on each cake?  Just found out they have Nothing Bundt Cakes in the Bay Area too in Los Gatos and Dublin. Woohoo!
5	To DIE for!  No kidding!  A little hard to find, tucked away in the Target center off Eastern south of the 215.  A couple of years ago a vendor we use in our business sent us a Bundt cake from here for Christmas - icing toothachy sweet and cake so moist and flavorful that we go there ourselves time and again - MORE than we should - we are definitely plumping up! But this is so worth it.  The shop offers tasting and cute party and cooking items for purchase as well.  I don't recommend the smaller cakes since they don't have the same cake-to-icing ratio as the larger ones, and although the cake is great, it's the icing that really makes it!  Go early, they sell out!  It's a great idea for Christmas business giving (as we found out), and it's something that will be welcome and appreciated!
4	So cute AND deeeee-lish!!!Ever since I samps'd them for my nephew's 1st birthday..I've been a fan...The chocolate cake and red velvet bundt cakes are my must samps. They have chocolate chips in them =) .....Although I can only have few bites, at a time, because they are SWEET OVERLOAD.
1	I sampled a pecan praline bundt before ordering and then took one back to the room.  It turned out to be stale and tasteless.
4	A bundt cake was a previously unknown piece of food to me before this wonderful store too life over five years ago.  Their chocolate cakes are amazing and I highly recommend them to anyone who loves sweets.Service is fast and friendly Place is an established neighborhood stapleCakes taste amazing
5	These are some of the best cakes I have ever had.  Love the fact that they offer mini versions as well as full size.  Cake flavors and texture/density are fantastic, and the cream cheese icing is some of the best icing I have ever had - taste and texture (and I am generally not into icing anyway - too sweet/sugary).Highly recommended.
5	Forget cupcakes, bundt cakes are where it's at ! I used these for my wedding favors and they were a huge hit. They are a nice size (suitable for sharing) and come in so many delectable flavors. My favorite is the red velvet, but marble and carrot are also fabulous! These stay moist for a few days and the icing/cake ratio is just right. Service was great (everything was ready on time!) when I placed a big order.
4	Sometimes when I am cold and all alone I dream of cake and when I do it is always cake from Nothing Bundt Cakes. After having the extremely moist, succulent cake in your mouth you just cannot get enough (sounds a little dirty but sex sells yo!). This is the kind of cake that I could overdose on. You HAVE to try the cakes that have the chocolate chips in them, they are awesome. They pop up like little surprise hugs in your mouth. I mean, who doesn't want that!The icing is amazing and they make soo many flavors. If you have never tried it you have to go....then you too can have little cake dreams like me!
5	Another thank you goes to Jeff...  You sure know how to get to a girl's heart, at least this one's...  Through my stomach!  :  Though I am still having a difficult time in deciding whether I like bundt cakes or cupcakes better, they are both delicious!  The cakes here are so soft and moist!  The frosting can be lightened up a bit, but still good with the current amount.  The store has a website and will ship nationwide!  This is a cakery that one must try at least once!  My daughter sister and I, all loved the red velvet, lemon, and white chocolate cakes.  Give Nothing Bundt Cakes a try, as you will not be let down!
3	Good, though our 3 cakes were dry. Would give it a second chance
5	I beyond love this place.  Every cake i've gotten, everyone raves about it-- it really doesn't do it justice if you don't get it fully decorated, (I never have), but they are beautiful if you do. I usually get it for our house, so there's not a need to pay the extra.  The taste and quality of the cakes are out of this world. I love the red velvet- they have little chocolate chips inside! Moist and yummy... And I haven't seen it yet, but in the fall, there is usually the Pineapple Upside Down bundt. I hope that NBC still makes this one, not just pumpkin! :)My all time favorite is the White Chocolate Raspberry. Definitely a must. Service was good- be sure to order ahead of time if you know what you want, they do run out of the 8" bundt cakes and the larger ones. They do have more of the bundtletts (individual ones) but for some reason, the larger cakes are better to me. I think it's because they don't dry out like the bundtletts do since they are smaller.
5	When I first moved to Las Vegas, my girlfriends told me about one of their local favorites, Nothing Bundt Cake, with the same enthusiasm they would have about shoes and chocolate.  I admit, I had my doubts, "bundt cakes?" I thought, "what can be so special about that?"Well, the bakery itself has cute decor, bright and cheery.  They often have samples of seasonal favorites for you to try, which is what I did first.  And it was truly love at first bite.  If you're looking for a light taste, this is not it.   These are not the $80 Steve Madden pumps you get at the outlet.  These are the $400 Manolo stilettos you get from Saks.  They are truly indulgent creatures: moist, rich, and sumptuously addictive.  But unlike the Manolos, they are inexpensive.The red velvet is the crowd's favorite, and it is undoubtedly mine also.  The cream cheese frosting is the best I've ever had.  There is a perfect amount of frosting on each cake: a foremost difference between bundt cakes and cupcakes.  All I can say is: once you go bundt, you can never go back.
5	Imagine the most scrumptious, moist, buttery, savory, cake in the world and multiply that times 2!!I became an addict after trying white chocolate raspberry. They come in all sizes. I was never a cupcake fan, but I can enjoy these bundt cakes all day long!
4	You know the saying, the way to a man's heart is through his stomach? It's true about women too... at least some women, like me! I love sweets, a surefire way to make me your friend or cheer me up is to get me stuff that contains excessive amounts of sugar.  We have had a few cakes from Nothing Bundt Cakes sent to us at work, and they were always nice but they never really  blew me away. Then I realized why... No one had sent the right flavor! A girlfriend gave me a one of the cute little bundtlets for my birthday... It was White Chocolate Raspberry and it was, in a word, the bomb.The bundtlets are considered a single serving but it was so rich and tasty that I had to share with my husband. At $3.99 a piece, these are a much better deal then the fancy cupcakes being sold for $3 around the corner...
5	As soon as you walk into the bakery you immediately begin to salivate from the sweet rich smell of the bundt cakes. What I love about this place is all the different variety of flavors and sizes that the cakes come in. They have a large size, a medium size, a small individual size called "bundt-lets" and then a even smaller snack size called "bundtinis." You have to buy bundtinis buy the dozen which run about $16.50 and you can only get those in 4 flavors: Chocolate, pumpkin, red velvet, and white chocolate raspberry. I've tried all four of these flavors and each one was DELICIOUS. I couldn't make up my mind which one was my favorite! The other sizes were also pretty reasonably priced and they come in other flavors too, like lemon, carrot cake, etc. The cake texture itself was to die for! The cake was moist and soft and not too dense. There wasn't too much icing which was perfect and the icing wasn't too sweet either. They also take phone orders so they can make your cake fresh for whatever occasion! Just simply AWESOME! I'm already planning my next trip back to try the other flavors!!
5	LOVE this place!!! not sure why i didnt go in before. i went to get boba at a place nearby, and saw the sign and thought "haha...thats clever. nice!". anyway...one of my friends back home posted a picture from the new location that opened in manhattan beach. saw the website, and joined the mailing list. a few days later, i got a coupon via email for a free bundt cake for "national bundt cake day". now i had no reason NOT to go. FREE bundt?!i went in around 230 and the first thing i thought was..."omg it smells sooooo good in here!!!". the associate there greeted me right away, and pointed out the samples. they had their red velvet out as a sample, and HAD to try it. SOOOOOO GOOOOD!!!! the cake was so moist and it had the perfect amount of frosting on it [the frosting to cake ratio is very key to my cake enjoyment].i got a red velvet and a pecans and praline. unfortunately, i had to work, so i didnt get to eat them until 1am today. and they were absolutely AMAZING!!!!! pecan and praline was sooo tasty and the pecans in there just added so much to it! the red velvet was yummy too! the frosting wasnt too heavy and it was perfect! dare i say, better than cupcakery! and the chocolate chips were a plus too.after we paid, it got a little busy, but the workers there remained friendly and welcoming to each guest. definite plus. when im on this side of town or craving some yummy cake, i will definitely be in!!!!thank you for an amazing first, and definitely not the last, visit!
5	After I went to the gym and did very well at a Mexican restaurant (ate the good, not the unhealthy), I remembered that I had a groupon and I wanted to use it...Since I've been so good, I should reward myself right?  After all, what is life without eating what you love?  Nothing BUNDT Cake.We drove to Nothing Bundt Cake, show the super nice lady in front my groupon on my iPhone (yes people, I am going green so I didn't print out any of the groupon, and you shouldn't either!).  I told her I am just getting the bundletts and I grabbed 3 lemon, 1 cinnamon, and 1 red velvet.  As you all can tell here, lemon is my FAVORITE!!!  However, just a quick note, they all taste very delicious, but one will stand out depending on your preference.The cake texture is what blew me away.  So moist and soft that it's as if you are eating a blissful cloud (well, I am super happy while I eat the cake).  The cream cheese icing complements the cake so well.  It's a perfect balance.  I usually have this with a glass of milk and I am in heaven.  I am definitely watching what I eat, but I do not hesitate when it comes to Nothing Bundt Cake.I got home from Half Shell yesterday, kinda tired, but when I opened up my fridge and see my bag of bundletts, I grabbed the lemon one.  I was only going to eat half, but I finished it.  It was that good.    After I finish working on one of my assignment this morning, I will reward myself with a velvet cake. Thank God for Nothing Bundt Cake!!!
4	This place is great! I've tried the marble, red velvet, pecan praline, pumpkin spice (flavor of the month).  All are really good but I'd have to say my favorite flavor is red velvet! I love how there's pieces of chocolate inside the cake! The cake itself is really moist and the cream cheese frosting is really complimentary to the cake!
5	I live in Florida & my husband works in Vegas.  I found this bakery on Yelp & ordered the Birthday Bundt Cake with balloons to be delivered to his office on his birthday.  It was delivered just after lunch (without me even requesting a time).  He sent photos & it was just as adorable as on their website.  This is such a fun little birthday or anytime surprise.  He told me the cake was good (I ordered marble), but the frosting was sensational.  I can't wait to go back to Vegas & order one to taste myself!
4	This place wasn't as bad as I thought it'd be.  Ok, I've been having an obsession over red velvet, ever since I ate the red velvet cupcake from Sprinkles.  Now I'm in a constant search for something similar to it, so far no luck.  Nothing Bundt cake has an incredible selection of goods.  I love the smell I encounter once I walk in, it smells like goody heaven! I also do love how they have samples of their cakes, nothing beats trying free things! FREE, is the secret word for me! I've never really had a good bundt cake, but I'd say that this place is very legit.  The consistency of the cake is very good, and so is the texture.  I love their red velvet one, the cream isn't too sweet and the cake doesn't crumble at your touch.  It's equally right.  I would like to try the other flavors they have, I think I read something vanilla? OoOoo, I'm liking the sound of that already!
4	People are friendly and frosting is delish we got the red velvet  the cake we had was a bit dry but the frosting made up for it we served an 8 inch cake for five people and we had half the cake left! Paid $18.00 for an eight inch cake.
5	These are so good. I mean really good. I bought the bundtlets which are the perfect size for 1-2 people. The cake is moist and the cream cheese frosting is just sweet enough. My favorite is the marble.It looks like they have multiple franchise locations in California and next time I'm in SF, I'm going to make sure I buy it for someone's birthday or event just so I can have some. lol
4	I usually visit the Manhattan Beach store, which makes sense since I live in the South Bay (CA). womp womp womp... Anyway, I visited my sister in Vegas for Christmas and we decided that what we needed to end our holiday meal were these bundt cakes so trekked over the store to snap some up. It's very rare to find consistencies between stores, particularly in the service department, but walking into this store was like walking in the Manhattan Beach store- as if both experiences were taking place mirroring each other. Instantly the decor, the warmth, and the staff made for such a pleasant entrance. The only difference I came across was that I couldn't have all the flavors at once, at least not during the holidays. It was explained to me that their store limited their flavors for the season, which given their traffic and probable demand for the larger cakes made sense (I believe, after all, that the Vegas stores are the firsts) so that got a pass. And, in any case, the chocolate and pumpkin chocolate chip cakes were walked out with ended our meal perfectly (reviews of these and the other flavors can be found here http://www.yelp.com/biz/nothing-bundt-cakes-manhattan-beach#hrid:ZaPr5rwhdTigCoq4aLaU1w.
5	Very friendly and helpful staff.  The prices are just right and their cakes always make people happy!  You cannot go wrong with any of the choices and the offer samples!
5	This place is aaaaaaawesome! If you want to be the hit of the potluck... bring in a Red Velvet Bundt. The cakes are dense, moist and have the greatest cream cheese frosting that's just a touch sweet. These bad boys make great teacher and office gifts.  My sons kindergarten teacher still remembers the cake we gave her 3 years ago.  The store is so cute with adorable accessories and gifts. The staff is super helpful and samples abound... come with an empty stomach...
5	I order from here all the time for birthdays and special events. The Chocolate Chocolate Chip and the Red Velvet Chocolate Chip are to die for!
4	My husband and I needed to give a gift to someone who has everything.  We have each eaten Nothing Bundt Cakes before and thought it would be a sweet treat as a gift.  We got our friend the full sized red velvet cake.  She really enjoyed it!  We got ourselves the mini to share!  The cake is so delicious and moist.  Really cute shop with a helpful staff.  They have 2 locations and both deliver.  Prices aren't bad...the minis are only $4 and the biggest cake you can get (which I think feeds up to 18 people) is only $28.  Not a bad way to say thanks or just treat someone!
5	Awsome, the best place ever!  I'm  not a big desert person, but OMG! This is a desert that is hard to resist! The cakes are always moist!  If you know you want one during holidays, you better order it!  Or you get what they have.
5	Best cake ever!
5	My recommendation: Red VelvetBest red velvet cakes...period
5	I strolled in at the last second. Got a beautiful cake for my son's 16th Birthday... Nicest people, fast, and curtious!! I drove around for 30 minutes to find them, GLAD I DID!!!Anyone not give them a good review because of their prices... go to a grocery store and pick up a cake... these cakes are worth the extra $$!!
5	Absolutely AMAZING! I received a coupon for a FREE bundtlet at a cupcake battle and I thought it would be a tiny little thing. Since my daughter works in the same area I figured we may as well get the freebie. Boy, am I glad I went in. These little cakes are to die for! I sampled three different cupcake  bakery's treats at the expo and I didn't actually remember this place as standing out. But let me tell you, those cakes looked so good and the sample I tried...well, I took my free cake and bought two others! My personal favorite has always been carrot cake, so I got that one for me. Their cream cheese frosting was out of this world. Not too rich, not too sweet...just perfect! The lemon cake my oldest daughter had and the red velvet my youngest had were both also amazing! The little chocolate chips in the red velvet were a great treat and the frosting on the lemon was also delicious. All of the cakes were moist and tasty! I just heard that in the fall they have pineapple upside down cake! I can't wait! That is the best and my kids don't like it! HAHA ALL FOR ME!And they have a location in Vegas which is much closer to my house, so I guess I can just go eat bundt cakes anytime I want! So much for my diet!
5	I looked in Yelp and found great reviews about it, and it didn't disappoint me, the place it is lovely, smells delicious and the cakes are really great! I bought a 10' chocolate chip cake and it was delicious. I love that they also have small personal cakes.
5	Mmmm MmMmM mmmm!!! I want one RIGHT NOW.. lol :)Discovered their cakes at a friends bday party. It was a seasonal fruit flavor I believe. YuM. Next experience was a cake that was at my work. Marble. Just as amazing. Theeeen I tried 2 more flavors at a little girls bday party where they had chocolate & red velvet..............................It was at that point I decided I was going to use this bakery for my wedding cake!!! So my husband & I.. (which was my fiance' at the time) went in & tried some flavors :)We decided on a large size red velvet for bottom & marble for medium size top. Then we got carrot cake for smaller size for topper to save in freezer :) And I choose to have them drizzle the cream cheese icing. This comes 2 tiered & with a choice of a themed decoration.. a flower.. a little sign.. etc. I chose to not have any of their decorations since I was decorating it myself using real orchids...  they may have taken the decoration cost off the cake price since I did not want the decorations.. can't remember.. lol. But this place is absolutely amazing.. their cakes are soo moist... the only icing they offer is cream cheese & thats because they were so careful in choosing a select number of cake flavors that go so well with cream cheese icing!!  JUST THE BEST EVER!!!
4	If you are looking to celebrate an occassion with a bang, and want your friends, families, or co-workers talking about that awesome cake you just bought, buy a bunt cake! Want to get in good with the big man? Get a bunt cake.I think their presentation, taste, and creativity of a bunt occassion cake is genious! The presentation is very clean and whimsical! The taste is wonderful, and the cake is sure to soft and spongy. My favorite part is the frosting-thick, creamy, and sweet. Reminds me alot of that nice frosting that is glazed on a Starbucks Lemon Loaf cake (excluding the lemon flavor of course). It just pairs so well with any flavored bunt. Suggestively, get the red velvet or chocolate. It is sure to win the hearts of others.Only downside, it is pricey. I assume because of the quality and excellent presentation. If you're crafty, try making one yourself, but if you prefer to avoid any chance of disater, buy a bunt! Even sample the miniature ones! It's sure to win your heart.
5	Went to Vegas to visit my older sister for her birthday. Didn't know where to get a decent birthday cake so I decided to flip over to my handy dandy yelp app and low and behold, Nothing Bundt Cakes appeared to be one of the top rated cake shops. I was feeling indifferent between this place and another one of their competitors so I decided to go to both and give both of their samples a try. Let me just say, Nothing Bundt Cakes blew the other place out of the water. As soon as I tasted their carrot cake, I was sold! Let me tell you this, I have never had a single bite of cake that was so moist and incredibly flavorful until I stepped into this place. It was so good that (I kid you not) I was immediately saddened at the thought of leaving and not having the convenience of buying more when I was back home in San Francisco. Thank god, my sister will be visiting me soon and i've already made it a VERY annoying point for her to remember to bring me some of that good stuff!!!
5	I have a weak spot for the combination of red velvet and cream cheese frosting, and let me tell you, Nothing Bundt Cakes does it right. Their cakes are very moist and leave an unforgettable taste that leaves you wanting more.  The cream cheese frosting perfectly complements the cake without taking away from the original cake flavor. One of the great ordering features they offer has to do with the delicious frosting. Nothing Bundt Cakes gives the option of drizzling the frosting (for those who prefer a lighter dose of deliciousness) or the signature frosting (for those who enjoy having a heavy dose of cream cheese goodness). Just thinking about the cakes and the frosting is making me want to order one right now..
5	Three words...white...chocolate...rasberry. Remember them, use them. Forget about cupcakes, go for the bundt. Nothing else to say.
5	I love this place! I've been coming here for years now. I buy cakes at least once a month. My favorite is the white chocolate raspberry. I suggest being in their email list for monthly promotions like $5 off. This place is awesome. You gotta try it if you haven't yet. Highly recommended!
5	I really don't like red velvet cake, but I have to admit that the red velvet here is pretty damn good! My favorite cake here is still the marble, but they really don't do anything bad! The only thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars is... ok, I changed it to 5 stars... its that good!
5	Nothing bad to say...I'm not a cake person at all, but their chocolate, chocolate chip is brownie like and I could eat the frosting with a spoon...and the samples in the store are sooo cute...the buntinis are perfect for an office party...
5	So anyone who knows me know how much I LOVE cake. Birthday Cake to be precise. Nothing Bundt Cakes satisfies the birthday cake craving whenever it hits me. I like that they have "bundtinis" mini bunt cupcakes. And they have all different flavors and frostings. If you have never tired one, well then my friend, you are surely missing one of life's wee pleasures.
5	Had a nice variety pack of bundt cakes dropped off at the office today.  One of my favorite desserts in town!It's hard to say which flavor i like the best as they are all so good.
4	The super friendly employee sold me on the chocolate chocolate chip mini bundt (really how could I refuse double chocolate). It was a nice moist chocolate cake, but I have to say I was a bit disappointed and here's why. My friend used to make the most amazing chocolate chocolate chip bundt cake, and thus, I'm totally spoiled. To me a bundt cake should be very moist and dense. This cake was just too light and airy. It may be the mini size, and perhaps ordering the larger size would give me that dense bundt cake fix. There's three different sizes to pick from (little mini cakes sold by the dozen, a smaller individual bundt- I made this one last for days, and of course the big ass bundt cake..). I guess its a nice change from a typical cake.
4	My niece brought home a cake from Nothing Bundt Cakes her friend had got her. It was the BEST cake Ive had in a long time. It was chocolate with cream cheese frosting. At first, i thought the cake was home made because it was not overly sweet, super moist cake and the frosting tasted like it was made from scratch. Even my fiance who is not a big sweets person ate a bunch of it and LOVED it! Know where we're going next time for cakes.
5	Cream Cheese Frosting. The best Cream Cheese frosting. Thick, sweet and rich, but not too thick, not too sweet, and not too rich. They put it on every cake, and it goes on every single cake. They don't even put it on the whole cake, and normally this would be utter horseshit, but you don't care, just because you want that frosting that is there! And somehow it balances the cake out. It's just... frosting. Glorious amazing frosting.There's other stuff I might mention too: the little cakes are a really good size and make for a handy just-under-twenty dollar gift that's good for all occasions. The shop itself is very nice and has these delightful cakes ready. Bigger ones are just under thirty. They have bundlets for the standard wallet killing markup. One warning: sometimes, just sometimes, you get a cake that is near frozen solid. The ones in the back of the fridge I guess, and they still taste great when they thaw, but if you're planning on eating immediately, check for this.These are the only good bundt cakes. Proof that a successful business can come from a stupid idea if you sneak a little crystal meth into your frosting and do it with some style. At least that's my guess.
5	The first time I tasted a Nothing Bundt Cake was when my husband's adorable Hobbit co-worker brought one to a gathering at our apartment. I was immediately impressed by the presentation, including the the nicely wrapped box and beautiful frosting. The cake itself (Red Velvet) was delicious, and the frosting wasn't overpowering, which is an issue I have with many cakes and cupcakes.So a month after trying that Red Velvet cake I found myself in Henderson near Nothing Bundt Cakes. A look on their website showed me that their featured monthly flavor was Pumpkin Spice. I am a serious sucker for pumpkin. Every October and November I gluttonously gorge myself on all things pumpkin. So I had to go get an 8" cake to share with my friends and family.The store itself is located next to a pretty little courtyard with a fountain (a grackle was bathing in the fountain as I walked up to the store). The employees at the store were attentive without being overbearing, and helpfully offered me a sample of a chocolate cake. However good the sample was I was undeterred in my pumpkin goal.It took a little while for the cake to be prepared, but the time passed quickly as I got a Boba tea next store and watched the birds in the water fountain. Before long I had a cake to bring back home.The cake itself was amazing. The pumpkin flavor is subtle, and there is a hint of nutmeg and cinnamon. I have to admit I didn't eat all the frosting on my slice, but there was only a little bit left on my plate. Overall it was delicious. I look forward to trying other flavors in the future!
5	This place fabulous! Scrumptiously delicious desserts! Great for special occasions! What a way to show others appreciation!
4	Nothing Bundt Cakes is sooo cute!!  My friend got my Birthday cake here and it was absolutely the best red velvet cake I have ever had-SOOOO YUMMY.Since I loved my super cute cake I just had to get my next cake here.  I called and made an order for a Halloween cake and decided to try a vanilla cake this time with some festive Halloween decorations.  I went to pick up the cake and the staff was super friendly and the cake was perfect.  I would suggest this place to everyone and can't wait for the next special occasion that calls for another cake =)
5	This place has the best bundt cakes/bundt cupcakes ever..Omgt the frosting is just Delicious. The actual cake is so moist and full of flavor.So far I have tried the Red Velvet, Strawberry, and chocolate.They are so all so wonder full I don't what else to say right now cuz I'm still working on eating this bad boy but. I would highly recommend that you give this place a try....
5	WE LOVE NOTHING BUNDT CAKES!!!!!! I have been wanting to try it out for the longest but was always too lazy to go out and get it. Finally for my birthday this past December, my husband surprised me with a dozen assorted bundtinis... They were DELICIOUS!! I've tried the Red Velvet, Marble and Chocolate... Love the Red Velvet and Chocolate! My husband tried these flavors as well as the White Chocolate Raspberry and he loves ALL OF THEM. He's actually kind of addicted to them.  Anyhow, we also bought another dozen for our in-laws just this past week and they tried Lemon and Carrot and were in heaven also. The cakes are just so damn MOIST and YUMMY! Kinda bad that this place is so close to us because now we want to buy them every week! Staff is pretty friendly... They get your order together in a timely manner with no mistakes.
5	AMAZING!  I've had the pumpkin and red velvet, both are so good.  The pumpkin is my favorite.  This place has become my favorite dessert place.  Great for gifts and parties too.
5	Amazing. Product. One the smooth delicious taste hits your palate, you will be a believer. My favorite is the pumpkin (which is unfortunately seasonal), followed closely by red velvet. Chocolate chocolate chip is amazing also. Hell, all the flavors are terrific (although carrot, lemon and praline aren't on my regular order). Soooooo good. Two locations in the valley to serve you and they deliver!
5	Duuuuuuuuuuude, this place is ReDonk!!  They must bake crack right into the batter because everything I've tasted is unreal!!  Carrot cake with the cream cheese frosting, to die for and the presentation is oober cute.But apparently the word is getting out, each time I've been in, there's been at least a 20 minute wait, Sh*t Balls!!  So order online!! They have a very small selection of merchandise which passes the time. Delish!
5	Absolutely wonderful. Always a go to if you want to bring a really nice frikin amazing cake to anywhere or anyone. They are fast and THE BEST and super attentive, nice and helpful. The staff are people you feel good buying something you're going to eat from. How often does that happen in this town? Love it.
4	I've been wanting to try them forever and one day before my yoga class down at Body Heat I stopped in for a little bundtlet. First things first, can we just talk about how adorable the words "bundtlet" and "bundtini" are? I'd buy a bunch of cakes just so I could be like Oprah and say "You get a bundlet! And YOU get a bundtlet! And you, and you, and YOU get a bundtlet!" I walked in and the girls working were quick to jump. They explained everything that they had. The shop is smaller than I expected it to be, I guess. But I digress. Anyway, I decided on a red velvet bundtlet and was on my merry way.I arrived in the parking lot of the yoga studio and dug in. I play little food games with myself (see my review for In-N-Out Henderson) and my dear friend Jaime W. suggested I add the rule that nobody can see you eat in your car. This rule was especially apt when eating outside a yoga studio. I was definitely caught a few times but who cares, not me.The cake was good. Not great, but really really good. I thought it was the teeniest bit dry. I know that bakeries don't make their cakes fresh every day, so I'm guessing that I got a cake on its way out. It was tasty (I f&#%ing love cake so even the dry ones get four stars from me)!Will come back, though perhaps under different circumstances.
4	Gotta love Yelp app check ins!  I totally forgot about Bundtlets until I saw my friend checking in on their Yelp apps and having one. (Ahem Molly T. that's you).  So while I was in the area getting my Boba tea fix, I popped on in just to take a peek and see what they had.Usually I just get customized bundt cakes and have them delivered as little "thank you" gifts for companies I have dealt with or given as gifts for special occasions. Majority of the time I did my ordering online. So it has been awhile since I stepped foot in this store.So now not only do they have the 8 & 10" sized bundt cakes ready to go, there are Bundtinis which are bite sized ones sold by the dozen and Bundtlets which are slightly larger in both height and diameter than a cupcake. Two people can easily share them. The prices are pretty reasonable also, just $3.99.Took a little sample of the turtle/caramel bundt cake they had pieces of and that was it. I had to have one!They had a nice selection of flavors represented of the Bundtlets just tempting me to bring home.  Pecan Praline, Lemon, Cinnamon Swirl, Red Velvet, White Chocolate,  and the one I ended up getting White Chocolate Raspberry! The place was busy but wait time was pretty short. When it came to our turn the young lady was all smiles and eager to help us. Picked and paid for my sweet treat and off I went to the park did my run, came home and had my bundt! (well I shared mine w/Mr. B!)The cake I had was pretty moist, white chocolate flavor was subtle and the cream cheese frosting was just slightly hardened like they just had put it on that hour. It had just the right amount of sweetness. Overall it was pretty good!  I would have it again. And since they come nicely packaged up, they make cute little unique gifts to give out as well.
5	love love love love love love love love love love love love!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	My favorite is Cinnamon Swirl. Marble and Chocolate Chocolate Chip. The cake is scrumptious and the frosting is the best part of the cakes...superb!!!!
5	AMAZING...that's what I have to say...The Carrot cake with the cream cheese frosting, OMGosh to die for. It sure didn't last at the party I took it to and it looks super cool. I did spruce it up a bit by putting a tiny vase of flowers in it's hole, very cool.Ordering online, or phone in your order cause it's SUPER busy and the wait is maybe 20 minutes!! But it's Soooooo worth it! Enjoy
4	First time I have ever had anything from here. A friend ordered the red velvet bundt cake with cream cheese frosting. The cake itself was delicious, but the frosting was a tad too rich for me. I can't wait to try the other cakes they make.
5	First off I don't really care for cake. Give the choice between pie and cake, I always take pie. However, something about these moist, sweet, delicious icing topped cakes keep me coming back for more. While many people have been eating and celebrating with Nothing Bunt Cakes for years now, only recently did I get hooked on them and boy are they good. My personal favorites are the lemon and white chocolate ones. Add on top of it all the icing and I am in pig heaven. So for my birthday now, I am happy with both ice cream pies and Nothing Bunt Cakes.
5	I love chocolate cakes ONLY. But then came upon Nothing Bundt Cakes; boy was I IN LOVE. RatingsQuality (5)Quantity (4.5)Taste (5)Easiness of ordering online (5)Price (4)Service (4.5)Overall (5) I have tried the marble, red velvet, white white chocolate, and cinnamon swirl. But my TOP favorites are white chocolate raspberry & Chocolate Chocolate Chip.  I can eat a whole 8-inch cake & still crave for more. With that said, I have ordered online for Brad T,'s going away party and the presentation looked beautiful and it was perfect.  I was very pleased with the outcome and of course the taste is magnificent as always.  The frosting that they put on their cake is just the right amount and the sweetness is just right. The prices are reasonable and worth it and it is great for any special occasion or just because!
5	I was never a big fan of bundt cakes, but Nothing Bundt Cakes has changed my mind. One of my friends offered me their smaller bundt cakes awhile back and it tasted amazing. I decided to check out the store for myself and the ladies behind the counter were friendly and sweet.One of them offered me a sample of pecan praline cake and I decided to try it out even though I've never been a big fan of pecan praline. Simply delicious. I purchased a chocolate, chocolate chip bundt cake with no regrets and I would go back whenever I'm in the neighborhood.
4	Great cakes with amazing cream cheese frosting!  They sell the big cakes, mini's and bundtinis.  The buntinis are a bit over priced  IMO, but they are bite size fun cakes for parties.
4	I never even knew about this sweet bundt cake store until my Fiance recently requested to stop here on the way home after lunch one day.She stopped to get me my favorite cake of all, red velvet with cream cheese frosting. She purchased me an individual sized red velvet bundt and it was delicious!The cake was fresh, moist, tasty and the frosting was generous and very creamy.My Fiance has cut out sweets in her diet so she just stopped to get me a treat to make me happy as she always does. Thanks to my woman I am now a fan!
4	The best cake or my personal favorite is the pecan praline,  yum yum.
5	For my fiancee's birthday she dropped the hint that she would like a cake from Nothing Bundt Cakes. We've become fans of the location on W. Sahara, but had not tried the location on Eastern which is closer to where we live. I started out by going online to place an order...but I had waited too long and the website doesn't allow same day orders. Dang the luck. So I decided to call in and see if they could do a same day order over the phone. From start to finish everything was perfect. There was no hassle with taking my order complete with special requests or processing my debit card. I was quoted a pick up time of any time after 4 pm. When I stopped by at 5:15 they had no trouble finding my order and they brought out a 10 inch chocolate / chocolate chip cake wrapped up in clear plastic that made for easy and safe transport without squishing the buttercreme frosting that went down the sides of the cake There were no mistakes on my special requests either, and the cake looked great. When I brought the cake home the reactions started at oh, wow!, and went on from there. But when the cake looked so good it caused two family members to break their diets to try it and they had second helpings, well..what else can I say. It was awesome. And when the birthday girl smiled from ear to ear and said it was perfect...if she's happy, that's the only thing that really matters. 5 Stars. Taste / Service / Taste / Service/ ok, the 5th star is because it's so dang good! (And while it's a franchise, it's a Vegas based franchise...and it's a place that will get my repeat business!)(Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #31)
4	came here to bring a package of goodies to visit a friend in the city...they have the assorted mini bundt cakes, great for sharing....affordable..and different from the popular cupcakes gifts (sprinkles) .....theres a few sizes too, the mini, regular individuals, and the cake sizes...convenient based on the occasion ur purchasing!!!i always liked bundt cakes but never had special flavors until coming here...pineapple upside down and red velvet all the way!!!store is being cheap about giving you a bag though to carry my order..i got 2 dozens of the assorted and they said they have no bags to give away for that size... i had to buy a separate one for 2+...that was my only problem...if u go into the place to buy stuff they should give u a bag to hold it in...not something fancy u have to buy separately..
5	These cakes are so good you wanna slap your momma.  I got the red velvet which, to my pleasant surprise, had little chocolate chips inside.  On the upside, I've never tasted a better bundt cake in my life.  On the downside, I might have started a new addiction :(
3	Very moist cake. Just wish that there was less icing.
3	Love love love the red velvet chocolate chip cake. The cake was so moist and packed with flavor. Also, if you love frosting, man oh man, they have cream cheese frosting for days. I found that the cake wasn't too sweet which was exactly what I like in my baked goods. Often time, the sweetness is overpowering and way to much for someone to handle. I would say, that their mini, individual cakes are the perfect size to share amongst a couple people. This way you can buy several (reasonably priced) cakes and try and assortment of flavors.I was very happy that they also had a gluten free cake which is a definitely win win for me. The staff was very helpful and assisted us right away. I can't wait to check out the location here in LA.
5	This place rocks, I wanted to find a good bakery and found them on Yelp. Thanks for the good reviews. It was like walking into a sweet fantasy. They had a sample of the pecan praline, and I couldn't stop grabbing the samples Yum! Getting ready to hit them up again today before I head back home..
5	Never had a bad tasting cake here. Pricey, but worth it !
5	03/31/2013  Sinful in sin city...
5	Someone brought a cake from here to my brother in laws birthday party. The raspberry one. It was so good people were literally fighting over the last piece. I have not been in here myself but I'm sure I will soon. The cake was moist, and the flavors strong. Would recommend.
5	Get the red velvet or marble cake! You won't regret it. Cake is moist and frosting is very delicious. Will definitely come back! :)
5	Best Bundt cakes ever!! After having lunch at the close by in-n-out, we needed a cake for the bday celebrant tonight. We weren't locals so I of course turned to my trusted yelp iPhone app for guidance. There were several bakeries around the area with their signs taunting us to come in, but we just straight up ignored it and followed the app. So glad we did!!I love desserts that have just the right amount of sweetness. This one definitely takes the cake! I was worried that it was gonna be too sweet and maybe dry but their tasters proved me wrong--we all got won over. I didn't even hesitate to scoop up an 8'inch chocolate bundt cake $18! (And a small red velvet bundt for me to go! Hehe! Didn't see the pineapple upside down one which I wanted but ill try that next time) They have different kinds of candles and decorations available, as well as ready to pick up cakes to go. They even have little scrapbooks for bdays/bachelorette events! I definitely urge you to drop by in this delicious smelling store if you are in need of a cake for a special occasion in Vegas.
5	Totally made my birthday this year! Red Velvet Bundlet, best red velvet cake i've had!
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said. Phenomenal cake! They have some secret recipe for moistness because I've never had better.Red Velvet & Praline pecan are my faves.They have seasonal pumpkin that is so yummy, delicate pumpkin flavor, not too much spice but a light, yet decadent taste. Of course the cream cheese is the bomb.Highly recommend !!
1	Very upset today by the poor service received the manager and store clerk who could not locate my order and indirectly stated I must have ordered from the wrong store!  Which is incorrect seeing as I had spent  over $65 on two cakes two weeks prior. I would have not accepted the cake they all of a sudden found had it not been for a coworkers birthday.
4	I just can't seem to say no to bundt. We usually get them delivered for special occasions and holidays at work, but I rarely go on my own to get anything, just too dangerous. I enjoy that they have small bundts as an option now. Since I rarely get to see the inside of these shops, I was happily surprised by all the samples. I didn't partake on this particular occasion since I was trying to be good, but the smells were heavenly and service was extremely attentive. My favorite flavors are always the fruity ones. I can never resist lemon or raspberry bundt. I'm not a huge fan of cream cheese frosting, but I have it on good authority that I'm one of the rare people who feels that way. Great treat for holidays, gifts or any occasion really.
5	The best bundt cakes ever!  My fav is the red velvet w/ chocolate chips, seriously addictive.  They offer a few different sizes ( Bundtlets for $3.99, perfect if you just want one serving for yourself, 8 inch for $18.50 serves about 6-8, 10 inch for $29.50 serves about 12+ and bundtini's, bite size bundt cakes like mini cupcakes by the dozen for $16.50, .  I stopped in a few days ago and picked up 2 dozen bundtini's (Red Velvet, Chocolate Chocolate Chip & White Chocolate) for a New Year's party, ran me $33.  They were a hit!  (I called in and ordered my bundtini's and they were ready within a half hour, super convenient)  Awesome bakery w/ the best customer service.
5	I love me some red velvet bundt cakes!!! I'm not into sweets much but this is my favorite dessert for special occasions. It's light and fluffy bundts and creamy cheese frosting makes it all worth the price. I also love their marble cakes.
5	Love this place! Have used them for birthdays, and even my wedding. Their cream cheese frosting is the perfect balance of tangy and sweet. Their cake is so moist while still being the right density. I love their yellow cake which is in the marble and cinnamon swirl of course.  Ok, every flavor here is great in my opinion.
5	The red velvet is to die for !! I love big BUNDTS and i can not LIE!
5	i've never tasted a bundt cake this good before! I'm so undecisive when it comes to bundt cakes, because some are just so gross, especially the store bought ones! But these are AMAZING.... I, myself am not a cake, or sweets in general kind of person. I went here w/ my sister and got the sample of the peanut butter one which I WILL get next time. But for this visit I got the red velvet, and oh my gosh I've never tasted anything SO MOIST, and actually taste like how a bundt cake is supposed to! The cream cheese frosting is perfect. After a while though, it will get sweet but its normal because thats just how sweet things are. All the staff members are nice, the ambiance is nice, and the place is small but comfy. I'm definitley coming back and trying the other flavors. And if you're looking for it, its kind of hidden. Its next to No. 1 Boba Tea, and The Windy City. Same plaza as Targets! (Btw best cake in general i've tried in my life actually)
4	I love the cakes here and it would have gotten 5 stars but the service was not that friendly. First off, the 4 stars is for the quality of the product. The bundt cakes here are very moist and the frosting is great. The service on the other hand needs improvement though. Upon walking in you are greeted but in a depressing manner. It seems as if the staff does not really want to be there and it is carried on to the customers unfortunately.Great cakes and not so great service. That's what to expect at this location.
4	How can this place NOT put a smile on your face? You'll pay some serious $$ for a happy tummy but I think the quality of the product more than justifies the expense. I love to throw parties and I always pick up a dozen or so of their mini bundtinis (cute name, right?) and they are always devoured quickly into the evening. The presentation is so pretty and I love that the cakes are light on the frosting (so you don't get a sickly-sweet sugar bomb in every bite). This isn't your typical American style cake; check out the photos so you won't be disappointed. I would love one of these as my birthday cake, though. Great flavors, friendly employees, quality ingredients and a cute shop.
5	This place is always a sweet treat! There isn't a flavor I haven't liked! I love the bundtlets, they are a great sharing size.... unless you are having an extra sweet day and want one all to yourself!
5	I can honestly say that when it comes to bundt cakes, this place is the place to go.  They know what they are good at and even I couldn't stop eating the Carrot Cake Bundtlet that we got.  I limit my carbs and sugar on a daily basis...but the day I had this, I actually lost all self control and blew my diet.  And I NEVER blow my diet! It was that good. I have had their Red Velvet before as well...and it's also pretty fantastic!
5	Amazingly great bundt cakes. The kid helping me knew EVERYTHING about the bundt cake business. I'm impressed. So much so I let him upsell me to buy 2 to take home (after sampling of course). They deliver and have a rewards program as well as a free bundett for your bday if you sign up to their newsletter. I will be back.
5	I love NBC! They're definitely my favorite cake in Vegas. The shop is cute, the young gentlemen who's helped me a couple of times is very nice, and the price is right.They sell bundt cakes in a variety of sizes and flavors. They have seasonal flavors and you can get the cakes decorated for special occasions.All of the flavors I've tried are good but my absolute favorite is white chocolate raspberry. It's so good! My favorite thing to get is the dozen bunditinis with a variety of their flavors. It's like $20 bucks after tax which is a lot better than $40&up for a dozen cupcakes anywhere else. Frankly these are better than cupcakes in Vegas too. They're so moist and the cream cheese frosting is addicting.I love their consistency, friendly staff, their branding, and the whole experience of ordering and eating their products.
5	Best. Cake. Ever. Frosting should be sold separately so I can eat it with a spoon lol. I absolutely love the cakes here. They are moist and flavorful and the frosting is the icing on the cake, literally! They have different cake flavors, but only one frosting flavor which is cream cheese. Whenever someone suggests getting a cake for a special occasion, I always suggest NBC. They are kinda pricey, but so worth it! They also sell lil' mini bundt cakes that you can buy at the store, so you can try all the different flavors without spending a ton of money!
5	Fabulous customer service and equally great tasting cakes!!! The only thing I'd like is if they had all their flavors readily available ans not have to order some if your favourite isn't already made.  So, as customer, call ahead and order...then, enjoy your awesome best cake ever and interacting with their exceptional staff!  :)
5	I have never been disappointed with anything from this place. Excellent bundt cakes and excellent service at all times! I love to be greeted with "try some samples."This particular location is in the vicinity of Office Depot, a boba shop, and Windy City Beefs N Pizza. Also not too far from Target, Ulta, Freed's, Eis Cream, or Krispy Creme. I just love their bundt cakes! So moist and so flavorful topped with a cream cheese that to me, doesn't get overwhelming. I honestly could probably eat a tub of it with a spoon. I've tried all their flavors and my favorites are the red velvet, white chocolate raspberry, and chocolate chocolate chip. Everything is good here though! Workers are friendly and efficient. Usually see about 3 employees up front with two registers. If you don't want to commit to so much calories, get the bundtlets for $4. I usually get these. They also have 8", 10", towers, tiered cakes, and bundtinis available. Nothing Bundt Cakes are great for special occasions or even if you just have a craving. You can even specialize your cakes if desired but it does come with a price. Love this place! If you've never tried it, you should check it out.
4	First time since it opened some 9 years ago. Meant to stop in and try the cake but I got side tracked. I gave them 4 stars because of price. $20.00 for a 9" Bunt cake is just a little high.  I could see the price around $12.00 to &16.00 for a 9" cake and that would be a high price but the quality is very good. When I walked in I was greeted by Stephine, she was helpful and offered me a sample. I ended up getting the White Chocoholic Raspberry cake. Very moist and flavorful. I will be back soon.
