3	I know, I know....you've all been to Chipotle and it's probably been reviewed to death. But I haven't been that much and finally formed an opinion. Modern, sparce decor with a minimal and easy to read menu is cool with me. It definitely is a step up from Taco Bell. Of course so is dumpster grazing for a chimichanga but that's a different story. The response for my rice to be served on the side was a quick "no, we don't do that." I was too tired to question, argue or even hope that perhaps little missy might learn to crack a smile when a guest is in front of her. In all fairness the cashier was deeeeelightful, professional, friendly and helpful and she really worked those hoop earrings...those are still in aren't they? The food? Hmmm....it's really quite good. You call out your toppings, skipping what you don't want and adding what sounds yummy. All in all, not the most interesting flavors. But solid and dependable. Not saturated with sodium and grease....and that's a good thing, right? I had the carnitas tacos and would go back. God forbid I ask for rice on side. Ole Yelpers!
4	I Looooooooove chipotle.  But Unfortunately I miss the one I used to go to which is too far away for me now since I used to live in chandler/ahwatukee area.  It's a little cold in here or maybe it's just me.  I wasn't fond of the cashier and there weren't many on the smiling side.However, the food still tasted great.  I love rice and I always get a burrito bowl with extra rice (they only charge you if you ask for extra meat).  So I used to get a burrito that they could not completely close because I asked for extra on too many things.  However that makes a mess on me so I get the bowl instead and this place is great for filling up on good tasting food on the cheap.If I went there and there were happier people, I would boost the rating, I just felt like the cashier was peering through my soul... not what I want when I want food.  I prefer going to a place with a positive atmosphere.Edit:went back and people were much better this time :)  from 3 stars to 4 now.
5	This place is great!  Menu prices are reasonable.  The service is ridiculously fast, and the staff is friendly.  Watch out for the calories in those burritos!  Everything else is fresh and healthy!  For a chain, this is as good as it gets!
5	I love Chipotle. This is my favorite valley location. The food always tastes fresh and the ingredients are the above standard. The design of the great, simple, modern and ergonomic.Chipotle uses only natural meats, not factory farmed hormone injected animals. And some of the beans are organic. Although the menu choices seem limited, burrito, tacos or bowl, the combinations are endless with the different types of meat, beans, salsas, etc. The menu is more than accommodating to vegans, vegetarians and carnivores alike. They serve domestic and Mexican bottled beers as well as fountain drinks. The portions are huge, the burritos could easily be mistaken for a newborn baby wrapped in tin foil.No matter how long the line is, which it is usually really long, you will get your food fairly quickly.It is refreshing to have a business that actually cares and at the same time serve an amazing product.
3	I like this place.  I eat there if I'm in the neighborhood.  I like their soft tacos and their burrito bowls.  I would definitely pick this place over Taco Bell.
4	Ah, good ol' dependable Chipotle. I love Chipotle. Their carnitas bowl is the best! The shredded pork is tender, well seasoned and hot. Add that over a bed of white rice, top with red salsa (hot but not painful), sour cream, lettuce and guacamole and you have a recipe for a happy tummy! Try Chipotle for a good, filling lunch, or dinner. You'll be happy you did!
2	We've eaten at Chipotle several times before, but never at this location. And never again at this location. The entree items we got were just fine. The chips were cold, but that is far from the problem. The issue was the 20-something man who appeared to be the shift manager. First, he was wearing Man-dex. Yes, that's what I said. Spandex. And they were cropped to boot. Somehow, I don't think they were a uniform option. Then, as he weirdly danced around the dining area, doing what, I don't know (certainly not wiping off the filthy tables), a vision came to me of Jame Gumb. I'll give you all a minute to shudder. Then there was also the patronizing and borderline racist interactions with his largely Hispanic staff. He loudly announced to us that he had just learned the Spanish word for "turkey." Then he turned to the man making our food, said the word, and then made a turkey sound. Yes, he gobble-gobbled at the poor man. He did this again and again. It was clear that the staff was embarrassed. My husband and I were flabbergasted. It was hard not to stare at him in awe of his assholery. Was he high? Could be. Was he a loser who had no business being in charge of a store? Most definitely. Chipotle, call us when you've replaced this jerk.
3	Julia T. egged me on to write corporate after my last experience. So after about two weeks, I did get two email responses from managers at this particular location. They both apologized profusely, and let me know that the particular employee whose behavior was both bizarre and offensive had been dealt with appropriately, and assured me that this is not the norm at their store. They also asked us to come in for a free meal, which we have no intention of doing. Although I do appreciate the acknowledgement of my concerns, I fear retaliation "extras" in my meal. When we want Chipotle, we'll go to another location.
5	Maybe it is ridiculous, but to me Chipotle is another example of people completely missing the point.  You can not consistently get a better meal for under $7.  In my life I have probably eaten at Chipotle a little over 100 times at locations across four states.  Consistently, the ingredients are fresh, the service is friendly and the price is almost unfathomably fair.  If you think Chipotle is only burritos, you are missing the point.  If they are not busy, order soft tacos.  You get three, ask for three different meats.  Mix it up, all four are delicious, while I do tend to favor their free-range carnitas and the chicken.  Move on to salsas, get at least two, I prefer the fresh tomato (aka pico de gallo) and the medium corn (aka elote). You have hereby made your meal healthy and vegetable heavy.  Especially when you finish with freshly shredded romaine lettuce.  Also justify the cheese and super fresh mexican sour cream as fulfillment of calcium rations.  If you really need to cut carbs or some lame-o thing like this, get a salad or a burrito bowl with black beans.  If you want to turn your order into two meals, stick with the burrito and load it up, or get the burrito bowl, vegetarian, load up the salsa, black beans and guacamole and add on a side of chips for .95.  Now start planning your Halloween free burrito costume.
4	It's a chain, so you know what you're getting. The food is fresh and very good, the service is fast and friendly. I would give it five stars except there is the occasional piece of gristle that does not get trimmed out of the meat (usually in the chicken or steak, never in the pork or shredded beef).
2	Chipotle...translation...Chipotle...which means commercialized Mexican food in layman's terms. So as far as this goes I am a much bigger fan of Baja Fresh across the street and after this last experience at Chipotle I will probably continue to dine at the Baja Fresh location across the street.So I am have never been a huge fan of Chipotle, except for the fact that the portions are huge.What I am not a fan of is spending $10.18 on a single burrito and a tiny little bag of stale ass chips and day old salsa. I mean the burrito was filled mostly with beans and rice, the cost on that for them must be a whole 7 maybe 8 cents per portion. Ridiculous.I was not extremely impressed with Chipotle to begin with the novelty has worn off and so has the food taste. It's not good anymore. At least not at this location. Bland...not good for Mexican food.
3	Finally went today after living in Phoenix over 5 months now. (Hooray for being here 5 months!) I went for lunch with a friend/co-worker. The line was super long, but they placed a female employee in the line who took orders and swiped your credit card even before you made it to the counter. I'm sure this helps moves things along during their lunch and dinner rushes. The employee in line and the counter gals were not overly friendly. Actually, you could tell they pretty much hate their jobs. Now on to the food. I had the "naked" chicken burrito. I'm sure they call it something else at Chipolte, but I don't remember what. The price was right, but lacked the extras I get at Qdoba. Less toppings- no free chips, less salsa choices, and no extra sauces. And $1.80 extra for guac?! Yikes. Overall I prefer Qdoba in flavor, selection, and overall experience. I should not complain as I did not pay for my lunch. I am ready to try Baja Fresh next....or just head to Qdoba.
4	I eat here regularly. I get the same exact thing. No need for deviation. Carnitas Burrito.  Black Beans. Rice. Sour Cream. Guacamole. Cheese. What the fuck is up with $1.80 guac? Only in America. And no one is going to complain, because they deliver a consistent product time and time again. Chipotle is the epitome of quick service food.
5	I *LOVE* this place!  Good food, super fast service.  The mgt team is super nice.  They're always up beat and friendly.
4	This is a good Chipotle. The staff is obviously very happy to be where they are. They are friendly, make jokes, and they don't get mad when I ask for ChipotleAway.I've never been upset about my food here, and at fast food places, the best result is to not be upset.
1	I got a Burrito Bowl yesterday to go and as soon as I opened to dig in there was a HAIR in it. How disgusting, don't get me wrong I love Chipotle but this was just too gross. I've permanently checked this location off my list.
4	Oh god. Salad dressing 400 calories. That explains so much. Still love you, Chip.Love, Dallas
5	Mmmmmm gluten free goodness. I'm completely obsess with Chipotle. If I could eat it ever day I would. Which is sad, I know, but stop judging me! You're on here to read a review about it - look in the mirror!Anyways...I think that this Chipotle has the friendliest service. The management has been so nice to me, and the worker bees are really great. In fact, when I see some of the line cooks/chefs at other Chipotle restaurants, I smile! This is just a great location.
2	Chipotle burritos are equivalent to a flavorless monster missile burrito gut bomb. Their professional and impeccably clean cafeteria style food assembly line can produce some of the biggest burrito beasts I've ever laid eyes on.However, it's important to remember that bigger doesn't always equal better.Although the diameter and circumference of their burritos beats the competition, the favor does not. For a place with such a spicy name, Chipotle's food just doesn't have the piquant flavor I desire.I need some zest! Some spice! Get this senorita to say, Ole!  The chicken is also to dry for my liking and the gristle left in it makes me gag.I know I know, I could go the vegetarian burrito or taco route since I'm totally grossed out by their meat... but those have even less flavor! I've tried. The veggie fajita mix could have so much potential... but it falls flavorless on my tongue. Alas, I must say that the mighty dollar goes a long way at Chipotle. Their prices are reasonable. I mean they give you a whopping burrito the size of a small dog! But then again, like I said before, size isn't everything.Chipotle also offers healthier options like salads and burrito bowls but I don't think I'm headed back there anytime soon to give those a go. They just include the same lame ingredients as that boring baby sized burrito... so I think I'll stick to Baja Fresh and Rubios.Unfortunately I ate a Chipotle burrito for lunch yesterday and it sat in my stomach like a rock, making me feel slow and lethargic. I think Chipotle's food just doesn't match my taste buds. I know a lot of people who really enjoy their food!! However, I am not one of them. I would rather say bombs away to my stomach with something just a little more flavorful... and maybe smaller in size. Boy oh boy was that burrito huge!!!!!!
4	I can always rely on this Chipotle location for consistent service.  Friendly staff and the long line moves fast.
2	Went last night a little before 7pm. The LONGEST time I've ever waited in line at Chipotle - even during PEAK lunch hours! Seemed short staffed and not considerate of people's time.
4	Despite the extra $1.80 guacamole raping, I could still eat barbacoa crispy tacos every day. I try not to, but there have been stretches where it's been a hard week at work.And I'm not ashamed.
1	This chain hurts my stomach after I eat it. I don't like how they man handle your food in the assembly line. I don't like how fatty the chicken is. There are hundreds of authentic taco shops to get your food from that kick the snot out of this place. Thumbs down, full boycott.
1	It hurts my heart to give any Chipotle a one star.  Their chicken fajita burritos with pico and extra corn is to die for.  However, on one particular morning, this Chipotle really failed to deliver.  I was hung over and on my way to work and Chipotle got in my head... and once it gets in there, nothing else can deliver.  I ordered my delicious usual, but unfortunately the person creating my burrito didn't spread out any of the ingredients.  While eating I had 6 mouthfuls of just chicken and tortilla, then I had clumps of cold cheese and then an endless amount of veggies with no chicken or cheese in sight... disgusting.  It literally ruined my day.  Instead of getting an instant cure to my hangover, it took it to another level because I was overly annoyed and just unsatisfied.  I will return to my beloved Chipotle, but I'll be sure to keep a close eye on the creator.
5	Chipotle is the pinnacle of human salvation. People try to say "Oh dude, that's corporate" but those people aren't people, they're slaves to illusions. Chipotle just gets me, it speaks to my soul. We discuss dreams and life bite after bite. As it digests deeper in my body and fully integrates with my soul I feel as one with the earth. I realize sitting there in my chair with reggae music in the backdrop.. I suddenly realize everything I am and eat is infinitely old.                                               I sit there and think                                       we are all made of stardust
4	I am here all the time...so much that I know that they know me well. (If that is a good thing since I make them pick out the onions...only green peppers)  I order the same thing everytime (Chicken burrito bowl)  and it always tastes the same....super yummy!For the most part, customer service is great, even the newbies that work there are great (even though they can't fold a tortilla)....but I always seem to ask them to put more rice in my bowl....but they have no problem giving me a crapload of beans.
4	It feels kind of wrong giving Chipotle the same amount of stars that I gave Posh. But its so delicious!  Chipotle is a great, quick meal without the heavy greasy feeling of fast food.  Their black beans, rice and tortillas are all vegetarian-friendly and their burritos can easily be made vegan without the sour cream and cheese. It is kind of a crap shoot how large your burrito will be - sometimes you get a lot, sometimes you get a little...but the flavor is always consistent. This location gets super crowded between 11:30-1:30 with lines that can stretch out the door.  I always order online - it is really easy and you get to walk right in and pick it up without waiting in that awful line!
5	Yum....Chipotle is delicious! One of my favorite places to go. The quality is almost always consistent and delicious. Decent price for the food, clean environment and the staff is always pretty friendly.My favorite is barbacoa bowl or salad. Always has great flavor. The chips are also quite delicious. Can get a little busy at lunch (although I think that is common knowledge - thought I'd mention it) - BUT that is because it is so delicious. This particular location has always done well, but so has most.
4	Came here to grab lunch.  OMG, the line was wrapped clear around the place into the dinning area.  Kinda of crazy, but the line moves fast.  I ordered my usual, chicken burrito but togo.  The chicken was a little more spicier than normal, but it was good.  Cons:  parking sucks and getting out of the plaza sucks.
4	Hey, you know, it's Chipotle. If you're unaware of Chipotle, I don't know what to tell you.The last time we were there, for some reason I can't begin to understand, my burrito bowl was amazing. And I mean AMAZING. I was not high, I assure you. I hope that continues to happen.
3	Ok, I admit, I'm not the hugest fan of Chipotle.  But, from time to time, my co-workers drag me here on lunch, so instead of starve, I eat.I usually get the same thing while here.  Shredded beef burrito, with rice, beans, and some other stuff on it.  With a drink, it usually sets me back $9.00.  Not bad, really.  As with all the other Chipotle's, this place is always packed with a huge line.  I will say, the service here is always friendly, quick and efficient, so I will get them that.  Drinks are self serve, if you can elbow through the mass of people to get to it, and seating can be limited if you go during the rush hour like we did.  Parking can be tough since its in a strip mall next to a total wine, so be prepared to park and walk some.I will probably go here again at the demands of my coworkers.  LOL
5	It's Chipotle and for me that says about everything. It is the family default when dining out.  This is one of the best ones that I have gone to, but you can never go wrong at a Chipotle.
2	Really, not that good. One step above taco bell, I think it's actually a mexican McDonalds?
4	They're the "Subway" of fresh made burritos. All of the meats they use are fresh and all other ingredients are fresh and good. Always a good option when you're looking for something different.
3	Thankfully I don't get the urge too often to eat here, but when I do I usually end up putting a good dent into one of their 1,000 calorie burritos. With so many burrito places in Phx, Chipotle is a once and awhile spot. The chicken is always well seasoned and juicy and the rice and tortilla have that oh too much butter taste. Overall I would say that this Chipotle is perfect for the business crowd it caters too. Nice burrito at a fair price and good service.
4	In general, I usually love Chipotle. And the food was as good as it always is. But on a recent Thursday at 1:30, I was told they are OUT OF MARGARITAS?!?!? What? What? What? Dang. I would've gone to a "real" mexican food place if I had known that. The drink was my main reason for going out to lunch today and Chipotle has a margarita recipe that is Very Good .. and reasonably priced. I was disappointed on this particular visit.
4	A good example of a fast casual restaurant with integrity in it's business model and great food to match. Wish more franchises would take note.
1	Extremely disappointed in this location.  The manager Tiffany Rodriguez treats her employees horrid.  She runs the entire staff through FEAR. I thought Chipotle was a forwarding thinking company by having free ranged meats ect.  But, what I have found out is the manager is incompetent, mean, intolerant and plays with the employees lives using Fear and Manipulation. Tiffany should be fired from this company and my next step is to write a letter to corporate office and include all documentation of the events that have accrued to many of the employees working at this location.  I used to love Chipotle and used to love the taste of the food.  NOW - Chipotle has left a BAD taste in my mouth.  "Food with Integrity" is their mission.  Integrity is honoring the "Whole" meaning the animals who give theirs lives to feed us and more importantly the employees who serve this food.  Tiffany Rodriguez is a very, very, very bad example of integrity. As a business owner myself I would clean house at this location and the first one to be removed would be the fear based, manipulative abusive manager named Tiffany Rodriguez. Word of Mouth is your best advertisement and I will no longer support this company until I know this manager is retrained or fired.  More importantly, if this is how all Chipotle managers operate then Chipotle is a fraud =  Food and service is a fraud.  Beware consumers...these employees at 16th and Camelback in Phoenix are working out of fear of loosing their jobs.  Sad, Sad, Sad - Chipotle should be ashamed.  Tiffany, my suggestion to you is go get some help, my dear. Karma is a bitch.
4	Always good.  Always full when I leave.  Always a line too but it always goes quickly.Great standby for when you've spent too long long on Yelp trying to decide where to go and are too hungry to think any longer.
4	They were not paying attention when I was ordering, maybe the heat was getting to them? I kept repeating myself and they still ended up not charging me for my drink and were baffled when I asked for my cup. It was good, but as a native Californian I was a little alarmed when I saw the "no firearms allowed in the store" sign outside after already sitting down. Really, Arizona? That's nothing on Chipotle, though. If anything, kudos to them for that. Four for the clean area, good quality and good air conditioning. Otherwise, those workers need coffee or something!
5	This place is a great location. Right on Camelback and 16th Street. When you are running errands you can stop in here for a really delish meal. Every thing i have ever ordered here has been very good. Prices are good, the place is really clean. You have to watch the spice it can be a little hot for me though. I love it, and highy recomend it to you.
5	Burrito bowl! Yummy!!!!
4	Good food!
5	Okay... so I'm way behind in the times... but I just went to Chipotle for the very first time ever!  Yesterday, I got a serious burrito craving and checked out Chipotle on E. Camelback Rd.  I got the steak burrito my way.. .which included black beans, salsa, sour cream, guacamole and lettuce.  The steak pieces were the best I have ever had (in terms of size and temp.  Usually, steak burritos have shriveled up over-cooked marinated meats... but Chipotle had beautiful large pieces of steak that were medium and delicious.  The beans were not too runny... the salsa was very fresh!  No overpowering on seasoning.  Everything well balanced.The people were friendly, the food was delicious.  Yeah... to me, it is a little expensive for a burrito, but when I have the money, I'd go there again.  Next time I'll try the burrito bowl.  My friend got it and it looked heavenly!
4	Love Chipotle.  My only criticism is that some of the people making the burritos and tacos and such don't know what they're doing.  Sometimes, they aren't listening to what I am saying or they're very conservative on the portions, or they're just too slow.  I come here quite often and know who does a good job and who just gets in the way.  No matter what, whoever is at the register is always very nice....The place is always clean....Sometimes there's a line, but if the right people are making the food, then it doesn't take that long.  Love the burritos.
4	I'm generally a fan of Chipotle and recently having started HCG and eating clean, even more so. Just a quick tip - If anyone is looking for a decent place to eat out on HCG and not get off track, Chipotle is your answer!   During the very low calorie protocol even - you can order a side of chicken or steak and a side of pico.  It's typically only $3 too.   Yeah Chipotle!
4	I love chipotle! I officially give up on online ordering from this location due to past experiences of it never being ready, but its not like I'm gonna stop eating here its like my favorite yummmm! Sucks I have to do pick up orders for different locations when I wanna stop in a rush and run in and out on my way to work to have a delicious burrito for my lunch, but can't afford to be held up! Dinner on my way home, I can handle waiting on from here though! ;)
4	4+ stars and yet...the first thing I have to point out is that I think it's very aggravating when you point out a problem to a restaurant and they don't care.Take Chipotle.  I really like the place.  Sure, sometimes the people working there seem to have failed at McDonald's and now are making my burrito.  But, can't we all just get along?Twice in the past few months the "to go" packaging has failed or almost failed.  The first time was NOT this location.  They gave me my money back and wanted back the slop that had fallen through their inferior packaging onto the parking lot pavement.  This time, at this location, the crappy corrugated bowl holding the burrito failed.  Just the worst.  I even called corporate in Denver and the sh*thead I talked to had all the answers and no answers at all.  Supposedly new packaging was forthcoming.  That really was 4 or 5 months ago.Now the food: go in and watch for 30 minutes.  Watch the kitchen.  Watch them season the rice, make the guacamole or chop up the chicken.  All right in front of you.  This is a chain and yet they make the food in front of you every bit like you'd want a Mom-and-Pop to do.Great food, usually one meal is two meals.  "Half now, half for dinner" could be their slogan.I get a chicken burrito bowl and I'm telling you, for $6.83 ($6.25 for the burrito + tax) you get two meals or one really, really big meal that is delicious.  And not even the crappy packaging can spoil that...if you're careful.
4	Chipotle located at 16th & Camelback is a great location.  Staff are friendly, restaurant is clean and the food is reasonably priced.  I love their burrito bowls and I get extra everything for the same price.  The burrito bowl is basically everything inside the tortilla with-out the tortilla and in a bowl.  The food is fresh and makes for a great lunch option.
4	This is my usual lunch a few times per week. Cant find a better healthier alternative for the cost and convenience. Just a great place, never disappointed.
4	Good customer service, fast efficient service.
2	We choose a chain for consistency but when the chicken is full of the part no one wants to eat it ruins the whole experience. Please cut the fat, literally!
1	This Chipotle is possibly the WORST Chipotle I've been to since I've lived in Phoenix. I've been here about 5 times and only had an enjoyable experience once. My friends and I went last night and got a chicken burrito bowl and a quesadilla. Literally everything in the burrito bowl was cold, including the chicken, beans and rice. The quesadilla was a chicken, cheese and fajita veggie quesadilla which was sorely lacking in the chicken and the veggies and we were charged as if it was a chicken burrito! Worst Chipotle ever. Never returning.
2	Chipotle is always a solid stop for a quick cheap dinner, but lets not confuse that for an amazing place.
4	I absolutely LOVE Chipotle!! And at this location, they do a great job at moving customers through the line quickly and efficiently -- while keeping everyone happy. They are awesome at keeping the venue clean. There is both indoor and outdoor seating. My best friend and I used to go every Friday afternoon. This place never gets old and the people working really are a joy. The bathroom is very clean. Free refills on your drinks. All around a winner!
4	Wow, since when do they have patron margaritas? The food is consistently good. I love the brown rice option they have now.
5	My first experience at Chipotle was here and I'm glad I chose those place. Since it was my first time there, they were pretty patient with me on me deciding what I wanted, but I ended up getting a chicken burrito that was huge and kept me full and so happy I didn't waste money on a skimpy meal somewhere else that's usually $20 bucks. Great staff, friendly and fast service. I will go back anytime I'm at Scottsdale Fashion Square :)
4	This Chipotle location is great. Super popular though, which means super busy most of the time but it's well with the wait. Food is always hot and fresh and there is always plenty of staff to help keep the lines moving. I always enjoy coming here and favor it over a couple other locations. Only downsides? Parking.The plaza that this location sits in sometimes runs short on parking, which makes getting in from the front lot to the front door a challenge anytime after 11:30 AM. But no complaints about the quality of food or the staff. Busy.Like I mentioned earlier, there are several car dealerships and office parks nearby which means plenty of office folks and dealership employees coming by everyday for lunch. There's also a major shipping center across the freeway and so there is always lots of people stopping in. But overall, it's worth it as there is plenty of staff to handle the line. I've never waited longer than 6-7 minutes to order my food. Give it a try of you're in the area. Totally worth it! Great location all around!
3	I absolutely looove Chipotle. My problem is when you make me pay almost $2 extra for guacamole... please don't be stingy with it. Hook it up, Chipotle. C'mon!
5	I have lots of good things to say about this place.Great location, very clean, delicious food. All quite healthy as well.My daughter discovered this on her way home from work many years  ago now.It has stayed true to itself all this time.Fresh food, they say all their meat is hormone and chemical free.It is really filling. If you have it for lunch , you may not even need dinner.Clean bathrooms and lots of parking, though at a busy time of day you may have to walk a little as there are a lot of people there.Plus other businesses there as well in the shopping center.
3	I love chipotle but hate this location! The last 3 times I went something went wrong. First time my husband and I had burritos with cold meat!! Gross! Sure enough the manger tried the meat and it was cold. Second time I wanted steak but they were out so I had to wait 15 minutes until it was cooked. Finally last night I went hoping it would be ok. Wrong!! They were now out of white rice!! It will be awhile before I go back to this location!
4	I have been a long time fan of Chipotle and always have a great experience when I visit. Its a go to place when I'm watching carbs and when I'm not, I LOVE their chips! I could eat a whole bag by myself and that's probably what's caused me to diet in the first place :) You can lesson the calorie blow by ordering the kids sized bag of chips. It seems to come with 15-20 chips which is a more waistline friendly portion if you have to have them. If you want something that satisfying and doesn't kill your diet, try a bowl with no rice or beans but get a scoop of chicken AND Steak. The extra meat really adds to the heartiness of the bowl and it feels like a treat. I also get mild salsa (pico), sour cream, cheese and the guacamole depending on how I'm feeling that day. If its a diet splurge day, I'm adding the sweet corn and tacking on a bag of chips!
1	Maybe it's because I'm accustomed to service in another city.... But I can honestly say these people took twice as long as the longest it's EVER taken to get my order ready at a Chipotle. They even jumped two people in line in front of me. Wowsa.Edit:This also marks the first time I've ever gotten BURNT food from a Chipotle. I just bit into a bit that was rock solid. Not cool guys, not cool.
4	I LOVE the food!! I would like it if I didn't feel rushed every time I place an order. But all the staff is great. They weren't going to charge my husband for double meat till we mentioned it. The cashier thanked us for being honest and the manager gave us a buy one get one free coupon!
2	there are some restaurants i frequent where i will order different things on the menu every time i go; chipotle is not one of those places. i get the same order every. single. time. i know what it should taste like because i have eaten the same thing at many different locations for several years. that's the beauty of chain restaurants, right? consistency and familiarity in a potentially unfamiliar place? i've been coming to this location off and on for the last year or so and it has been consistency disappointing.often times i will get a burrito bowl to go and take it home to eat it since i am LITERALLY 4 streets away. this might be a weird thing to look forward to, but when I get a to go order, i like that when i get to the place i am eating at, the steam from the hot food has melted the cheese inside the container. however, at this chipotle, i have to actually put my food in the microwave to heat it up because it was never that warm to begin with. how is it even possible for my food to be so luke warm when i am only traveling a few minutes away? in addition, almost every time i've gone to this particular location, there has been a to go order being made when i arrived. of course this is not chipotle's fault, but every time that's happened, i have been completely ignored to make the order. no greeting, no "we'll be with you in a minute", just employees pretending i don't exist until their 15 burrito to go order has been completed. why can't you let me order quickly in between? i know exactly what i want; it will take 30 seconds. my favorite is when no one has even arrived to pick it up by the time i have waited, gone through the line, paid and left. why are you rushing to make food for customers who aren't even RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU ALREADY? i am also then fully aware that i am getting the bottom of the pan food because the fresher stuff has been used for customers who aren't even there yet.chipotle, i have loved you for many years now, but i just can't go to this location anymore.
3	Food is great and you can modify to fit most diets. HOWEVER, the MOD that was there today at lunch is worthless!  Chipotle, get rid of this waste of space and lower your prices on guacamole!  Probably won't visit this location again because of this parasite. Oh and don't order online, ever, they mess up your order and it takes way longer then waiting in line.
5	I had such an experience that I felt the need to share. I made an online order and went to pick it up, it wasn't ready yet, however, the employees were extremely nice and apologetic, I wasn't upset in the least because they had complete positive attitudes, especially Saul, and showed true customer service. And plus, the food was bomb.
5	I don't know if I was extremely hungry or what but my burrito was bomb dot com. I went during lunch and of course the line was long but it moved quickly.  The customer service was great.  The chicken was fresh and hot, the portions were perfect because some other Chipotle's put more rice than meat which makes it less appetizing. Good job
2	It consistently takes about half an hour to move twenty people through the line. Trust me, I've counted. Also, the words "only a little salsa, please" don't register with a lot of the line workers; I'm 1 for 5. Love the food and it's really not the end of the world to wait in line...just don't go here if you're in a hurry.
3	This was my first time at a Chipotle. Everyone loves it so I finally decided to try it. I got a burrito bowl to go and sat down to eat it five minutes later at home.It was almost as cold as if it had been in the refrigerator. I had to microwave it, which isn't ideal with guacamole. The steak was also kinda tough. The food is okay, bordering on good, but I probably won't go back.
3	Stop trying to roll my burrito into the size of a baseball, it doesn't make it any bigger.  For $1.95 dallop of guacamole, make sure the avocados are at least ripe.  Guac from unripe avocados is not OK no matter how much you puree it.
4	The guy who yells "Welcome to Chipotle" is so enthusiastic. :)Food tasted usual.The the server who made the bowl for chick in front of me piled hers high with almost the same thing I was getting.The dude that ended up making mine just stood there at first warming tortillas n wiping down the counter in between the meat. The lined backed to to the door before he looked at me with this blank stare then said, "can I help you?" When he made mine, he totally skimped on everything.  I Kinda laughed, like "really dude? Obviously I like food n u really gna half spoon it?" LolSeriously though.... It's all good... Sometimes u get the bomb server, sometimes you don't.
4	Does anyone ever ever get a hankering for Chipotle? ... like every other day? Just me? I'm okay with that.First time trying this Chipotle location for an early dinner, decided to go with a bowl with chicken and of course guac. Everything was filled and my bowl was decently filled with food. It's just a shame that guac costs an arm and a leg for a little cup of the stuff. Did I still get it? --Obviously!Chicken was flavorful, good portions as I had enough for left overs for the next day. The price for a chicken bowl with guac came out to be around ~$8.Service was pretty fast when I ordered, but upon eating the line quickly went out the door. So I'm guessing this location gets pretty crowded during dinner time.Will be back- undoubtedly. Will I get guac again? ... obviously. But just so you know Chipotle, the cost of your guac is ridiculous it was close to $2 for that tiny thing!
1	I got to the Chipotle on 16th St and Camelback twice a week and today I had very bad service. There was a customer in front of me that wanted every piece of meat that had black on it picked out of his food, after several minutes of my food getting cold I asked the young lady if she could just put meat on mine and pass him she then asked the girl at the register she said "he can wait"! I then said I would like to speak to a manager his name was Richard. Richard was just a rude and flippant with me as the girl at the register! I will be going to Cafe Rio from now on, foods better anyways! Poor customer service is one thing I hate!
3	This place is just average, It is a fast fix for me. Service is usually always excellent and food is always the same. One thing that I do absolutely love is the fast that they introduced tofu into their menu. I have tried it and it is super good. It is also really convenient for me as it is close by my house. So it is super good in and out when you want quick fix.Thanks chipottle again for bringing tofu in!
5	Macey is an awesome with her customer service.... The burritos and bowls on point oh and love the beans both kind great salsa friendly staff .
