5	Yes.  Hell yes.  Now, THIS is what I'm talking about.When I walked in and was greeted by a case with three fish starting back up at me I knew this would be good.  The case also contained many salads and cream cheeses and was accompanied with a sister case with b/w cookies, rugelach, and other assorted yummies.  Behind me was a refrigerated case stocked with not one, not two, but 6 flavors of Snapple!  AND every flavor of Dr. Browns including Cel-ray.  Had I died and gone back to NY?  If the heavenly smell of baked bagels was any indication I indeed had found my way to heaven.The egg and cheese sandwich my husband ordered was insane.  INSANE.  Full of egg, cheese and grease.  My bagel and cream cheese, although not well toasted, was well cream cheesed and cut into fours.  The bagels were good, not outstanding, but I think with a little more toasting they would have been quite good.  They serve everything a bagel shop should.  Whitefish salad, bagels in real flavors not things like Dutch Apple or Asiago Parmesan (or whatever stupid flavors people want their bagels in these days...) and best of all, they serve tongue.  My good friend Dorian G. would be so happy to know that and I will definitely be taking her here when she visits.  Any good Jewish establishment will have this one key menu item.  So I tip my hat to you NY Bagels 'n Bialys.  You have proven my theory wrong that places with "New York" in the name usually suck.  Good job.
4	Kristin's review was so compelling that I had to check out NYBnB.  I too miss the smell of yeasty dough being baked while strolling through NY's Upper Westside.There's a sign on Shea but otherwise the store's not visible from the street.  We drove under the arches of Agua Caliente Shopping Center and eventually found NYBnB on the right.  We were surprised by how big the place was.We ordered an Everything bagel toasted with cream cheese ($2.39) and agree with Kristin that it would've been better more toasted.  I also prefer mine chewier.  They were more than generous with the cream cheese.  I wish you could pay only for the amount of cream cheese you want. On our way out, we bought a half-dozen bag of mini bagels and learned that bialys are, unlike bagels, not boiled so the texture's lighter and lower in calories.  To me, a good crusty, chewy bagel's worth the calories!
4	The secret to a good bagel is the water.  You can't replicate a NYC bagel without the water.  However, the bagels from New York Bagels 'n Bialys come darn close!I lived in Huntington, Long Island.  My favorite ritual was on Sunday's (in good weather) to grab a New York Times, bagels and cauwfee and spend my morning on the beach.I wasn't sad to leave Longgggg Island, but I do miss my favorite Bagel shop on Walt Whitman Highway.  (And, by the way, to this day, I still have  bagels shipped to me from H & H Bagels in Manhattan.  Drop me a line and I'll give you the Web address or Google them)The bagels from New York Bagels 'n Bialys have the right consistency - not too doughy - not too thick.   I say BOO HISS to Chompies and Einstein Bagels.  The bagels from New York Bagels 'n Bialys just might be good enough for me to want to create a new Sunday ritual.  The store ain't no beach, but a New York Times and one of these bagel might be all I need to recreate the experience (and I can always play a Brookstone CD of sea waves crashing).
4	This place can be hard to find because it's tucked away in the Agua Caliente strip mall area off of Shea, but it's back there.  I usually just run in for some bagels, and they are always fresh - my favorite is definitely the sunflower one!  On Saturday and Sunday mornings it can be a little chaotic up at the front counter because they don't do a line or numbers, but the wait is never long.  Only gripe is that I usually grab a coffee, and although they have creamer and flavored syrup available (a plus!), there's no milk.    No biggie, since I'd much rather support local businesses than a large chain.
5	This is hands down the best place for bagels...but more importantly... after all my travels it has the BEST Bialy ever.I just wish they would open on in Greenville.Oh it is soooo good, a poppy seed bialy toasted with cream cheese...I guess I can only hope they are always open when I visit Scottsdale....n
5	Moved...not closed (that would have been so wrong), but just moved to a new location. Wish I had checked their web site before going to the old location, which is now deserted. I feel like such an idiot for not doing my homework... ditto on other reviews... best bagels in town: yes, better than ______s and definitely better than _____s.
2	I wish I hand 1 more hand so I could give this place 3 thumbs down. I make better french toast in my kitchen...I am not sure if they know what vanilla and cinnamon are. The eggs were alright and the bagel was OK as well. Nothing special at all, but I was actually surprised how they were able to make their french toast so tasteless.
4	ive seen many negative reviews of bagel places lately. rightly so, einstein and brueggers are kaka..this is place has the best bagels ive had outside nyc.  probably. there was a place in portland oregon in 1993 that had great ones but i could never find them again.anyways, these are good.
3	Having lived in nyc for 5 yrs I've had my fill of bagels.  Not a huge fan but it was often convenient to pick up on my way to work especially when you add the goodies like cream cheese, lox, or make it into a tasty sandwich.  All in all if you are looking for bagels or bialys think these are better than chompies.  They've moved across the street from their old location although i  cant say that i like the new setup either.  what's with all of t he flatscreen tvs? if that's where they spent the $ for improvements i hope they got them from a guy selling electronics from a truck in a parking lot.   they seem to have some sort of identity conflict as to whether they are a deli or a sports bar. as to the food i've been there for a so-so breakfast and of course had the pastrami and reuben sandwiches both of which were pretty good.  while a little bit traditional deli, note that they were not traditional ny carnegie-sized meat portions considering the sandwiches are close to $10 including a side.
2	It was a rainy Sunday morning, and our hunt for breakfast was not turning out so well (loooong waits at other places).We remembered driving by this place, so decided to check it out.  We didn't realize it was an actual sit-down restaurant..cool!  Our visit started out with some awesome people watching - thanks to the girl wearing last night's make-up, a guy's Dodgers shirt, and nothing else.  Our group then decided to order omelettes, because the omelettes also came with a bagel or bialy.  This was our mistake - don't go to a bagel place expecting good omelettes, I guess.All of our eggs were extremely over-cooked and not tasy.  The Leo omelette (Lox and onions) was pretty much scrambled eggs - not even in an omelette shape.  The bagels, however, were very delicious, but not much different from any other bagel I've had.  Our server was very efficient, though.All in all, it was a quick and cheap-ish breakfast with some interesting people watching and good service, but overall not good enough to return to.
4	My east coast Jew taste buds are dancing today! I just ate an everything bagel stick, toasted lightly, with cream cheese...We happened to be in Scottsdale for dinner and, in looking for our restaurant, we passed NY Bagels 'n Bialys. The "open" sign was all we needed to go in. We haven't had a good bagel since we left Boston. And I hadn't had a good bialy since we left Cleveland in the 90s.When we went in we saw this gargantuan menu. They make tons of flavors in bagels and bialys. Plus they make sticks. I haven't had a bagel stick in forever, either. It took about two minutes to pick out a dozen. I could barely contain my excitement. They sliced them up for us, gave us some sleeves so we could freeze what we wouldn't eat right away and sent us on our way, $9 lighter but infinitely happier.And I am not disappointed. It has been so long since I had a real, east coast bagel that I forgot how good they are. They doughy faux Jew food they have here just dulls the senses and makes a person forget the amazing deliciousness that we enjoy back in the real "Jew food world" of the east.That said, I do have to add one caution. When I saw they also serve sandwiches I asked to taste their corned beef. I do this everywhere I see they serve it and restaurants are always kind enough to oblige. After my anticipated success with the bagels, and the whitefish and lox I saw in the case I was optimistic. Made getting my hopes dashed even worse. As soon as she set the slice in front of me I knew. Color, consistency, texture - nothing was right about this corned beef. Still, I asked for it so I felt I had to taste it. My husband described it as perfectly good Irish corned beef. I described it as dreck.So my review is strictly for the bagels, bialys and sticks. Enjoy!
3	Picked up a dozen bagels & bialys and sampled the corned beef.  Unfortunately the corned beef is at best a good goyashe corned beef, not Kosher or Kosher style.The bagels and bialys were top notch though.  Great selection.  What's the difference between a bagel and a bialy?  A bagel is boiled before baking, a bialy is not.  Bagels have a chewier hide.If you enjoy noshing on bagels (or bialys) I recommended getting them here.  It's about 9 bucks for a dozen and they are so much better than anything you'll find at the grocery.  We're talking east coast quality bagels here.
4	Been here a lot lately.The "egg-a-bagel" combo is a screaming deal for breakfast! Their omelettes are big and fluffy, and their baked goodies look fantastic.Their soup and sandwiches for lunch are all top quality and really fresh. Great staff and service, plus it also has a true deli feel to it. It's always busy too, which is a great sign.
5	mmm mmm good!  My honey took me here a few weeks ago to have my first bialy experience.  LOVE it and can't wati to go back.  My whole bfast of eggs, potatos, and the "everything" bialy was worth writing home about.  The staff was super friendly and the environment is warm and comfortable.  I assume its a family run business which makes the experience that much more enjoyable.  Make sure you check this place out!
5	I LOVE NYBB!!! The people are wonderful and accommodating, the food is great, and the bagels are the best I've had west of the Mississippi! These are the real deal, and for anyone who knows and loves good bagels, they need to hear over there immediately.
2	I always love trying new bagel places... Especially if their ratings are higher than that of Chompies (which I LOVE)... Honestly? Don't see what the hype was about... I tried a bite of my boyfriend's Reuben Omelet, which was pretty good. My scrambled eggs seemed to taste weird for some reason... I couldn't put my finger on it, but they just didn't taste good. They didn't have the bagel I wanted so I tried their cranberry bagel and it was just very chewy and bland (I didn't even taste any cranberry at all... It was just like I was eating a day-old, pink bagel). The cream cheese didn't taste very  fresh either.I MIGHT try this place again for lunch (which they have an awfully large lunch/supper portion of the menu for being a bagel/bialy-centered eatery... I'd rather stick with Chompies or Good Egg for breakfast.
1	$2.82 for a bagel with plain cream cheese & rude waitress  - Thank you New York Bagel! You just gave me the perfect excuse to save my wallet and my waistline!!!............. or maybe I'll go to Basha's for $1.20 for just as good a bagel & down home smile & friendly service
2	Over priced, and that goes for everything on the menu. I was not happy with the size or the taste or lack of taste I shoud say. Over cooked bacon, like a little black, avocado that was brown, and not $10 worth of turkey. I did like the rye bread. I  will come back to try the bagels cause what I saw I liked. If your compairing this place to Chompies then my vote is Chompies hands down no contest. Even thou I spen $10 on a sandwich there I always leave happy, full, and sometimes with a doggie bag cause you get your moneys worth and its good enough to want again later. The inside of this place is really big with lots of seating and a bar as well. The staff was nice and the place was very clean. Ill give the bagels a try sometime.
1	Bagels were worthless, potatoes were tasteless, french toast cut inconsistently so half was undercooked. Veggies and bacon looked unappetizing.  Bialys are glorified onion rolls. Prices are inflated (scottsdale lol). Everyone's food came out at different times. Every time we asked for coffee server carried individual cup to carafe instead of bringing pot to table. Waitresses seen playing with hair. If this was NY, they'd be shut down in a week.
1	As a New Yorker, I'm always yearning for a good deli experience in the desert. After all, my people wandered around one for 40 years. You'd think we could find a decent nosh!! Anyway, this place ain't it. As pathetic as it sounds, I still can't find anything better than Chompies, and that's a pretty low bar to cross. My wife and I took 4 of our 5 kids (oldest at UofA) and we were hopeful for a taste of NYC as we had been here for breakfast once before and it was decent. Our lunch experience was far from it. I had the special - a skirt steak sandwich. My wife had a half chopped liver sandwich and a cup of soup (can't recall which one). Kids had bagels. Portions were ridiculously small. There were 4 strips of steak on my bread. My wife had an ice cream scoop of chopped liver. Bagels were large, but nothing special. Service was prompt, but devoid of personality. Come on, if you're gonna work at a deli at least give me a little attitude! Anyway, if you're Jonesing for deli, avoid this place. It won't help.
4	We have tried this spot a few times and each visit we find just enough we like to keep coming back.  The whitefish on bialy is a favorite and the selection of bagels is extensive.  Try an oversized sandwich with a vanilla phosphate... All wonderful.  The only downside is that most items are $10+ and that adds up for a family of 5.
1	I am a native new yorker and lived in chicago and these bagels are like einstein bagels. The skin of the bagel is soft and not authentic. Coffee is horrible. Service marginal. Avoid this place if you know bagels.
4	The younger girl behind the counter was really friendly despite my indecision about my order. Finally I decided on a garlic bialy with a side of whitefish salad and a soda. It was like... $11 for the total. The small scoop of whitefish salad was $5.95 or something crazy. The bialy and the whitefish were great despite the price.
1	OK food but not worth another try.  My daughter and I tried to like this place as we are from Long Island and it is convenient to our home. Daughter Heidi ordered a bagel and it came with a small portion of cream cheese so I ordered another side of the cream cheese.  They charged a ridiculous amount for the side and when we talked to the manager he was arrogant, aloof and obnoxious telling us that was it he was not going to do anything in our favor.  The cost of the side was actually more than the bagel.  There are plenty of choices in Scottsdale and I don't recommend this one.
3	Gonna give it another shot.It was a Tuesday morning.  I got up late and was running waaaaay behind schedule.  I needed something quick to eat on the way to a morning meeting, so pulled up the handy Yelp mobile app and found this spot just a stone's throw away.  I walked in and the first thing that hits me is: "What the hell is a 'bialy?'"  Fortunately, an employee was there to help me understand that a bialy is baked and a bagel is boiled.  So: it's the texture, not the stuffing.  I decide to get one of each toasted with no spreads.  I think I spent less than $1.50, but I don't remember the exact amount.  Regardless, it was a small price to pay for some delicious culinary research.  In my ever so humble opinion, I like the texture of bagels compared to the bialy.  Taste-wise, they were both much yummier than that nationwide chain you always see on every corner.I only went here to grab a quick breakfast, but they have different options that I would love to come back for and give another shot.
5	I don't claim to be an expert on bagels, but my grandfather was a Jewish baker in Buffalo...I think we have tried every bagel place in the Phoenix metro area, since moving here 5 years ago.  Without doubt,  these are not only the best, but are perfect!     Absolutely boiled, crunchy on the outside, doughy on the inside --- exactly as a bagel is meant to be.  Breakfasts are fantastic -- my husband loves the deli omelet loaded with deli meats and I go the Greek omelet route, with spinach and feta.  And the breakfast potatoes are to die for.     And should you ever need catering, Bagels 'N Bialys is great to work with.  They'll substitute and help you create exactly what you want.  Ruth, the manager is a doll and her staff is always friendly and customer-service is their mantra!  My only disappointment: they have cut back on their hours.  I hope that is just for the summer.
3	This is average. At best, its average bagels, and average bialys. There are so many good bagel places in this country, its hard to review a place like this. First, why so many stupid flavors? Leave that to Panera or the supermarket. Bagels, in a place like this should have about 6-8 varieties. There is no place for chocolate chip or blueberry. That is what cookies and danishes are for. The bagels have an okay taste and texture. The name may say NY, but not NYC, maybe Schoharie? The bialy is not even that good when it is good, so i its not perfect, it fails, and in this case, it just doesn't pass. There is nothing wrong with NY Bagels and Bialys, its just not that great, but for a bagel and cream cheese on a Sunday morning with the NY Times, its okay. The bagels over at Chompie's are actually a little better.
5	Had never even heard of a bialy before I went here but it was really good. Got a tomato basil bialy with cream cheese and lox. It was really good and a nice filling meal. Probably ate too much but I wanted to finish it was so good. The bialy is supposed to be healthier than a bagel which is great because i think it tastes better too. The tomato basil packed a ton of flavor. Can't wait till i get back here again.
4	I wouldn't dare compare any of our delis in the Valley to those you'll find in New York.  Hell, the delis we have in Arizona don't even come close to the delis I group up going to in Detroit.  But, I've recently become very fond of New York Bagels 'N Bialys.  Not only do they have close to four dozen different varieties of bagels and bialys, but they have history... they've been around since 1987; they have fabulous service (thanks to Angela, who was my waitress the last two visits), they are kid friendly, ad they make a good bagel with lox and omelette.  They also have a check-in offer on the yelp app... check it out!I'm sure I'll be back to visit NYBNB soon... as a matter of fact, I already have a date planned with friends to return again during Passover.  Matzoh Brie, here I come!One last thing: the prices here may be higher than what you'll find elsewhere, but I do think the quality is worth it.
3	NY Bagles and Bialys is tucked away in a shopping center on the south west side of Scottsdale and Shea (if you pass Cochise heading north you've gone too far).  We stopped in one Sunday morning for some breakfast. I was told not to expect too much personality from the waitstaff, but our waiter seemed really cool.  He stopped to chat with us for a few minutes between refilling coffee and delivering our plates. Speaking of coffee...I LOVE the brew NYB&B serves!  Mmmmmm. I had the veggie egg white omelette with salsa on the side.  While they didn't skimp on veggies or egg whites, it was thrown together rather hastily and the salsa was reminiscent of ketchup.  The best part of my meal was the whole wheat bialy (which has fewer cals than a bagel because it's only baked--not boiled and baked like a bagel). My companion had chocolate chip pancakes. A little doughy for his taste, but I found them addicting...akin to the temptation to eat raw cake batter.  I liked them...I'll come back even if it's just for a cup of coffee. The on-site bakery was cooking up some pretty scrumptious goods, something to keep in mind for the future.
1	How dare they put rye seeds on an everything bagel? I'm not happy about dealing with that party foul at all or the rude, inefficient service. Plus, even though they are boiled here, these are not good bagels at all,  even if the rye seeds were not present. Other issue is the bagel bins are far away from customers eyes - what are hiding - put the bins up front like every true NY bagel shop. Hey, if your gonna call yourself a NY bagel place (yes I am from NY) then I want the whole experience. Charging $11 for a turkey sandwich is a bit much too and this is an unfriendly, cold location with no charm. There was a very hairy bird outside though looking for crumbs and on this day that bird got lucky. Onto the next place.
1	Don't go to NYBB! The staff is is incompetent & lazy. Told the counter person I had never been there before. They literally walked away without saying anything. They didn't offer any suggestions/help/explanations. My order was wrong when I got it. Because it had the wrong condiments it tasted disgusting. NYBB is extremely overpriced. Do not go to NYBB!
3	This place has good bagels, but tepid service. I get bagels to go, and the last time I was there the kid making the bagels had no food service gloves on, and was taking money, making bagels, etc. Not the end of the world, but it does kind of junk you out. Another odd thing is that when you like your bagels double toasted, for some reason they put SO much butter on, it's almost like the bagel is deep fried. I haven't been back since the kid had poor food hygiene practices, but I need to get back there.
4	We have only been coming here for the last few months, but we firmly believe that you would need to fly to NY to get anything better!Yes, the bagels are really good!  They're the next closest thing to Forest Hills, or Brooklyn bagels then being there. Our former go to place was Brooklyn Bagels near Desert Ridge  Sadly, they closed about nine months ago.  Great place, too bad.We have tried a few of the other places, but weren't as happy.  So, I type "Bagels" into my Yelp Search.  Poof, out came NY Bagel 'N Bialys!  What's more, I noticed there was a Yelp-on Coupon tie in.  Nice!If I may suggest:  * 1st Thing-- Buy the Yelp-on Coupon for (was $15.00 for $25.00) now $10.00 for  $20.00 of food!  Even a better deal! * 2nd Thing--Check-in on Yelp and get a free bagel w/cream cheese smear!   * 3rd Thing-- Sit back and wonder why you've never came here before!  D'oh!!!We cannot wait to come back for the macaroons during the Holidays!Enjoy!
2	Go for take-out bialys or bagels, but skip the sandwiches. We have been 20 year customers at two locations, but surely they can master a Reuben sandwich.  Apparently not.  I won't go back any more. Poor quality for the authentic-level price.  Might as well go to Subway.
4	Bagel was excellent. Very close to NYC quality. They don't pack on the lox as much as hoped for, so go for the double dose for $2 extra. The service is professional though our server had either allergies or a cold which always freaks me out... Definitely a place worth returning to.
4	Great bagels and good food! The bagels are a little small compared to true New York bagels (only reason for not getting 5 stars ) but are tasty and really good! Friendly staff and the restaurant area feels like a New York deli. I'll definitely be back for sure.
2	Why is there a bar in the bagel shop?? This place is very disorganized. The placement of the bagels, coffees & creamers, chips, soda fountain, cream cheese and a full service bar.... They're in much need of a plan. Something about this place feels dirty to me. Not sure if its because it is so unorganized or the fact the bagels bins are hidden away.  Good I'd just okay but over priced. I think I purchased two bagels with strawberry cream chess and that was $12!
5	Last year, my friend Alison threw a breakfast birthday party for her twins.  She had a array of wonderful goodies, among them, there were these beautiful bagels.  I got a bite into my bagel and it was heaven.  The right amount of chewiness.  I immediately asked where these bagels came from, and I was not alone, everyone at the party was doing the same.  That's when I learned about NYBB.  Now every time someone has a brunch or breakfast party, I always suggest they get their bagels.  If I am going to indulge, I better do it with great ones.  I am not from NY but a am a confirmed carb-aholic, so I think this counts as credentials.On top of everything, the owner was so amazing.  I was organizing an event for one of my parenting groups, and one of the donors backed out 4 days before the event.  I was panicking, we had a small budget and we were almost out of it since we were counting on this donation.  I called NYBB and Ruth answered.  I told her what had happened and asked her if she could give us a special discount, guess what?  She donated the bagels for our event.  That is so classy.  I am thrilled that our event has the best bagels.
3	Good food, good prices, good service.
3	I live around the corner from this place and have been several times now. As good as the bialys are, their service is awful--I stood at the cashier for a good 10 min this last week (it was slow), and had two attendants walk by without asking if I needed to be helped. Not to mention they're overpriced. That being said, their food is fine, and probably worth it if you're in the area and have some extra time and patience on your hands.
5	Great food and selection! Staff are considerate and professional.
3	Service was good but food not all that great. It was $17 for two bagel breakfast sandwich's and two coffees.  Everything in the breakfast sandwich tasted pre made for the day and the bagel itself was very very doughy. Always like trying a new place but don't think I will be going back to this.
4	I like this place overall - MOST of the staff is great and the food is consistently yummy.  I especially enjoy the home fries and their thick bacon slices!  Bloody Mary's are filled with horseradish and kind of pricey IMO at $5-$7, but are nice for a treat every once and a while.Also, they have great coffee and a dog friendly patio.  If you're trying it out for the first time, get a yelp deal or SOME type of deal, take a leap, and dive into the bagels head first!
3	Make sure they know if u r in a hurry.  Was disappointed bc I called ahead and gave very specific directions (Please make sure the 3 dozen bialy's are in plastic bags bc I need to pack them in my suitcase.  Unfortunately, they were not and I had to make the taxi wait...  costing me more money.  UGH!  In the long run, it ended up costing $72 for 39 bialys (including taxi)
2	I went here for breakfast today and was not impressed. I have been in the past for bagels, which are great, but my breakfast was inedible. I ordered the California omelet which came with a latke and a bagel. The omelet was very overcooked and dry. I took one bite and couldn't eat any more. The bagel and latke were good. I could have saved some money and just ordered those. Will not come back for the dine in breakfast until they learn how to cook eggs!
4	It's a great low-key breakfast spot. As an east coast girl, I have high expectations for bagels. NYBB bagels are ALWAYS super fresh and they have an amazing variety of flavors. It's a bit pricey for what the menu offers (about $9 for an omelette) but it's worth it because everything is fresh and authentic.
2	worst service I've ever encountered. food isn't bad but would never recommend this place due to the disorganized staff and the insanely long waits for everything.
1	Avoid like the plague.Tiny sandwich served on crunchy rye, not steamed. The bread was more like a cracker, not soft fresh bread.The pastrami was served cold.I guess I should have known better when the server asked if  I wanted lettuce on my pastrami.The server was brand new and just did not know...Oh well I'm sure the bagels are ok.
5	best breakfast around i come here religously yum yum...egg a bagel is phenomenal and strawberry french toast are my favs...best mimosas in town woohooo
1	Average bagels, but that's not why they get one star........The woman behind the counter who helped me, was abrasive and gross.  As I waited for my order, I watched her eat food behind the counter, pick pieces of food out of her mouth with her bare hands, TWICE, then handle someone else's order *with her bare hands*.  Additionally, she was fairly abrasive. I was going to leave and abandon the order, but I had some extenuating circumstances, so I simply watched her carefully. For my order, thankfully she put on gloves.  Perhaps she noticed that I was watching her (?).It was stunning to me that someone who works in food service would engage in such blatant unclean behavior.  Surely, this isn't the first time she's behaved like this and what the owner is thinking having such help is beyond me.
3	We went for breakfast while on vacation there and it wasn't bad but definitely not New York bagels.  They had a variety of bagels and other foods, which was good.  I would recommend them if your not obsessed with your bagels looking and tasting like New York.
2	The first thing you notice is the smell.   If I hadn't have been starving, I would have walked out.   The place is dark and dreary, with a wait staff to match.  Clearly they have their own little dramas going on that trump customer service.  But to be fair, they do all call you "sweetie" and "honey"  once they get around to showing up, there's the consolation. My meal came fairly quickly, so no complaints there.The food was actually decent.  I had the smoked whitefish salad appetizer, which was a nice plate for a single diner like myself.   The platter included a nice helping of whitefish salad, cream cheese,  lettuce, tomatoes, red onion, capers, olives and pickles along with a toasted bagel.   The salad was very smoky and  tasty, and everything seemed fresh except for the olives, which were very strange and mushy.The problem with trying to eat in a place that smells so bad and looks so dirty is that it's hard to get past all of that to really enjoy the food.  I just kept wondering what state the kitchen was in.   So, despite the decent food, I have to give this place a two star rating.   Maybe call Robert Irvine!   Unless it's freshened up and the smell is gone, I'm not going back.  Not even for such good whitefish salad!
1	Won't be visiting this establishment again.  I'm an east coast girl as well, so I know a little something about bagels. The person behind the counter took my order reluctantly and before I finished signing my receipt, he started taking the next customers order.  He never said thanks or come see us again, and what's worse is that the bagels tasted 2-3 days old.
4	5 stars on the Super bagel selection or school here !Great weds deal buy. 12 get 18 bagels!They do excellent in their supplied freezer bags too for later! The bailys are great too!4 stars on the Reuben and fries.
4	Great people and excellent food
4	Had sit down breakfast twice in the morning before heading into the office. Service was quick enough that we were able to get to the office on time. Staff was extremely friendly, especially the good sir in the kilt. Bialy had a nice crunch and the flavored cream cheeses are creative and all sorts of satisfying to the palate.
5	This place is the real deal. Best Bagels in the Valley!  Awesome Cream cheese. My kids love the variety and it's nice that they can experience legitimate bagels unlike the chains.
5	Delicious bagel made the way they should be.  My everything bagel had just that - everything.  The schmear was perfect size so i didn't feel i wasting it.  The hubby's Southwest Benedict was huge and his lox platter more than ample.   For checking in on Yelp I got a 1 cent mimosa which went well with the good hot coffee.  A jewel.
5	If you want a perfectly baked bagel, NY Bagels 'n Bialys has the best. They have a large menu to satisfy any breakfast craving and offer fast service. A great breakfast restaurant.
1	I used to really like this place but it has gone down hill over the past couple of years.  I tried to order a simple BLT on a bagel  and had to repeat my order 4 times because the lady taking it kept turning around and talking to the staff.  After she finally paid attention to me for more then 5 seconds and put my order in, they guy making the sandwich comes around to verify what she put into the system.  Of course it was wrong so I clarified directly with him that I just wanted a plain BLT on a bagel.  Pretty simple right???  Well, I knew I should have double checked my order before leaving as the BLT was smothered with mustard and the bagel was stale.  Who puts mustard on a BLT?!?  Especially after I gave her my order 4 times and then directly verified it with the guy making it.  Not to mention that the lady behind the counter was touching food with her bare hands and then handling money.  I've noticed the food quality has deteriorated over the past few years but this was the final straw.....I'm officially done with this place.
1	Bagels are the only decent thing they sell here .. I'm very suprised they didn't get closed down for being filthy in the kitchen and serving spoiled salads . Wow , they have a bar now , big deal . Is this a bagel store or a bar ... Should focus on one thing .
5	Love love love having this great spot within walking distance! I go for the breakfast potatoes. Hands down the best I've ever had! Savory and spicy with a hint of sugar. Always browned to perfection. The house-made bagels and breads are a special treat. Also nice that they serve liquor if you want a bloody or mimosa with brunch. Great service and friendly staff. To-go orders are also super convenient.
4	Although the bagels are the best in the valley , the food is merely meh.  With the exception of the outstanding whitefish; did not try the lox. The service  was very responsive from our server but the corned beef hash I had was boring. The coffee here it is truckstop quality. So the thing to do here is to buy bagels or bialys in bulk and run . Wednesdays are the day - that's when 18 is the price of a dozen.
5	The girls and I came for breakfast. Mary recommended it and biy was she right. I ate too much but it was worth it. Banana walnut pancakes - I should have taken a picture.Mary had a pileup. Bacon, sausage, ham, eggs, cheese, potato pancakes. She and I split those and Sam got a Benedict. She said it was done perfect. Not sure what that means - who orders poached eggs but she was happy. The server was fun - she recommended the cheap drinks - we're in!!! Be back next week!
