4	My Stars are based on Two Things Only!The Quiche Pie and the Chocolate Chip Cookies! Especially when you go early and they are coming out of the oven! MMMMMM!Breakfast of Champions!http://www.paradisebakery.com/
2	*sigh*  Why did I come here?  I think it may have been the lack of coffee in my system, or maybe the heat has gotten to me already.  I really had such high hopes for this place, and honestly, I feel a little depressed after leaving this joint.For starters, I feel like the place is wwwaaayyyy overpriced for what thier serving.  I don't think thier food is anything that special, and for being a bakery, thier bagel selection SUCKS.  I really wanted a bagel and coffee so badly, and I walked in there, and all they had was like a few bagels saran wrapped in a basket on the counter.  WTF??  I then stared at their muffins for a while, and contemplated the meaning of life.  While doing this, I finally decided to order since my stomach was poking at me to put something in it. ugh!  So, I got  a blueberry muffin and a small cup of coffee for $3.83.  That was 3.83 to much!  The coffee was okay, and the muffin was mediore. It felt really heavy in my arm taking it to the table, and I think I hurt my shoulder doing it.  My shoulder hurts anyways, but the heavy muffin just aggrivated my pain!Anyways, while I was sitting in a booth drinking my coffee and 1 ton muffin, a busboy walked by my table and asked me if I was doing okay, and wanted to know if maybe I needed a glass of water.???  Do I look that bad?  I mean, can you tell my shoulder is killing me?  Do I look sick? *sigh*  I told him I was fine, and continued reading my book and eating my muffin.This place does have a great amount of seating, and I like that.  Booths, tables and the like throughout the place.  You could come here with people and not feel like your tripping over anyone. Bonus for that!I finally left.  Thank goodness for that.
4	I never had been to Paradise Bakery before. I know, you must be thinking which rock I crawled out from. Seriously, I never really had the finances nor the resources to venture out into the "unknown". I thank my co-workers who have shown me the "unknown".So, one day we decided to go to this Paradise Bakery that is tucked away in a corner next to a 5 & Diner and in the same building as a barber shop. Now, it doesn't seem all that inviting unless you know that it's there. The first visit, I ordered a paradise club, which is really good. I'm a sucker for croissants. I stuck with that sandwich for a while then tried the tuna, the Thai chicken wrap, pasta salad, paradise Greek salad and their fruit salad. They are all very good. However, I'm not a fan of eating cold chicken but I guess you get used to it.The pro's for this particular place is the food and service. However the cons are the customers. It gets a little pushy and crowded during lunch hour. Some are really impatient and they cross over your comfort zone. Then when it comes to the soda machine they hog the whole area making you and everyone else wait to fill their cups or get a lid and straw for your cup or whatever you are waiting to get. I understand its lunch time but still show some consideration to other customers as well.
4	I really like Paradise Bakery, I was at this location every morning for about 2 years. The staff was always friendly but sometimes the line can get long if a lot of people come in at once. It can be a long wait to get served. Being a big muffin fan I always loved the apple cinnamon and blueberry muffins and they are consistently good.The Paradise rewards are a nice perk, compared to other coffee shops it is easy to earn free drinks and food if you are a regular and would spend the money anyway.The only reason this location looses one star is the sometimes pushy home business folk that take over every available booth and camp with their laptops. This is during the week. On weekends you get whole families with screaming kids. This does not seem to happen at the other locations in the area, could be the proximity to the hotel next door.
4	This is my second time in Chandler for work, and I've been here about four times.  I've basically come here every day during my visits.  It's a great place to have a casual meal and get some more work done.  I like the food and the friendly service, and also refuse to pay for the wireless in my hotel room (even though my employer would reimburse me for it).  Plus, I like the relaxed, community-esque feel of this place.As for the food, I'd recommend the Tuscan Chicken sandwich - the Ciabatta bread it comes on is really quite delicious, but make sure it's fresh.  salads are simple, but pretty good, and everything tastes fresh.  The chocolate chip cookies are to-die-for.  The people who work here are very friendly.  One guy was particularly helpful and helped me as I contemplated for about five minutes what I should get.  He then came to check how my food was, even though this is a self-service type of place.  I would not recommend the half-sandwich half-salad combo if you're really hungry.  Somehow a whole sandwich seemed more filling to me.Even though I avoid chain restaurants, I really like this one!  Maybe it's because we don't have one in Northern California, so it still makes me feel like this is "something different".
4	With fresh baked breads, crisp veggies, amazing sandwich creations, and some of the best cookies in town. Paradise is one of my regular lunch spots. Often two to three times a week!
4	I love Paradise Bakery, especially the artichoke panini and the fire roasted tomato soup.  Plus, any place that just gives you a cookie with your meal will always get my stamp of approval.Atmosphere and food are great but most of the times during lunch at this particular location, the place turns into a bit of a daycare.  So if you're looking for a quiet atmosphere away from kids, this might not be the place for lunch.
3	Lots of PBCs all over the valley and the Denver airport and a few other cities we travel.  Paradise still has one of the better and dependable chocolate chip cookie regardless of location.  The foods can be hit or miss.  A lot of time we get the SW Caesar without chicken and chicken ends up in there and we have to go back and re-ask for no chicken.  The tomato soup is pretty dependable and the breakfast is good.  I like that you get quite a few options for bread, but I wish they had a few more sandwich choices for vegetarians.  I always think a place like this could just add a grilled cheese to the menu, but I have not seen one.  Usually most of the PBC's and this Chandler one especially have plenty of seating for groups and even have a few nook/coffee style areas with leather comfy chairs.  The cookies are always dependable and the carrot cake is very good.  I would give this a solid 3 as it is quick and they use good ingredients and typically friendly.  There is a slight difference between the full restaurants and the mall or airport versions, so if you have the option, go to the full restaurant.
3	I like Paradise, don't get me wrong.  They've got some good salads, and they don't blink an eye when you start asking for more of this and less of that as they're putting them together but if they want more stars, they're going to have to bring back that chicken (or was it turkey) sandwich with the chipotle aioli, avocado and jicama slices.  THAT WAS SO GOOD!  Back in the good old days when I worked at the interior design company we were out tagging furniture at some model homes for reuse and we ate at Paradise two days in a row because that sandwich was so good.  Alas, no more sandwich and only three stars.  You bring back my sandwich, I'll give you your stars.
3	The food is really nice but its a bit over priced...service is really good..they have great personalitites...
4	I had a great sandwich for a reasonable price.  The cookies were great.  If you looking for a quick meal fix.  This might just be the ticket for you.
4	Handy place to meet a friend, being right of I-10.  We had a good meal and enjoyed a big booth that gives some privacy and break from all the noise.Food is good and the service is what you might expect from a glorified cafeteria. They do have bus staff that are very friendly.And a free cookie with any sandwich!
2	I could not think of a place to go to lunch so I saw Paradise Bakery and said to myself I have not been here for years let's eat healthy.  The line was 13 or so people deep so I waited and saw what I wanted I ordered the you pick two half of a sandwich and a cup of the Fire roasted tomato soup. The way they run this place is like herding cattle with not directions it's a cluster F. The best part of the meal was the cookie and the pretty girl I spoke with in the line we had both not been here for about two years and both said we could see why.  I will be back to buy cookies there they do have killer cookies that's about it.
3	Not bad for a sandwich shop.  Far superior to Subway.
4	I have mixed feelings about Paradise Bakery.  Primarily, when I think about Paradise Bakery, their baked good come to mind.  I love their cookies and muffins.  Chocolate Chip and Oatmeal Raisin are two of my favorite cookies, and the Blueberry Muffins are outstanding.  I recently tried some of my wife's Cranberry scone and became a quick fan of those as well.I've also taken my family for lunch or dinner here a few times, and each time I'm left regretting the decision.  The kids menu is very limited, and none of my kids have been able to find something they like.  I've tried a few items from the menu, and I liked one of the sandwiches (primarily the Turkey Cranberry).  Most of the other items were okay, but nothing terribly special.  With the high prices, it just doesn't make sense.Bottom line: great place to get some treats, but I'd pass on lunch or dinner.
5	Great place, great service and friendly people
4	Typical Paradise Bakery experience - - - fast service, friendly staff, good bakery items (cookies!), and decent sandwiches. I typically frequent this one, when I'm on my way to Tucson and need to grab something quick to eat. At my last visit, they told me that they're merging with Panera Bread... hmmm. :) (But I can't use my Panera card here, just my frequent Paradise Bakery card.)Favorite cookie: Coconut Chocolate Chip :)
3	The food is 4 stars the service is nice, but always slow so they get 3 stars.
4	This is a wonderful place to have lunch or early dinner any day of the week.Being that it's a bakery the bread, cookies and muffins are very good.They have sandwiches, fresh tossed salads (tossed right in front of you) and soups.I enjoy the Tuscan chicken which comes with an olive tapenade that is very yummy, so much so I ask for more.  Fresh chicken, tomatoes, cheese and basil makes it one of my favorites.  Every sandwich or sandwich combo comes with a chocolate chip cookie (this thrill seems to be consistent with me if you've read any of my other reviews).Every time I think of broccoli cheddar soup I feel like I'm eating cheese sauce, but their version is has slivers of carrots that make me feel just a little bit better.  A little.Wide open seating, free wifi, great food makes this a great spot to get a bite and stay just a bit longer to lounge and let your food settle in.
4	The Paradise Bakery off Ray & I-10 is always courteous and consistent. I enjoy being able to have sometime to work in the morning in a great environment without the MUSIC BLARING like it does at other Paradise Bakery locations!
4	The Paradise Bakery off Ray & I-10 is always courteous and consistent. I enjoy being able to have sometime to work in the morning in a great environment without the MUSIC BLARING like it does at other Paradise Bakery locations!
2	Summary:Food: Incredible Oatmeal cookies/Good Black Bean Soup/ Blah salads and onion soupBeverage Selection: Caffeine Free Diet Coke (great!)Service: Spotty. Today's prompt me to write review. (more below)_____________________________________________________________After signing up to Yelp, I have found myself wondering what great restaurant would be my first review.  It seems that Paradise Bakery, and my not so positive experience, will be the first of what I hope are many reviews.  Why would Paradise Bakery not charge $.25 for an individual chipper escapes me.  I don't want to buy (eat) 6 chippers. I just want to (should) buy 1.  Normally, I am offered a complimentary chipper when I offer to buy one.  "Oh no... have it on us" is the typical response.  Today, however, the courteous girl behind the counter explained she could not sell one to me and she could not give one to me either.  Frankly, this makes no sense.  I would more than willingly spend $.25 on a chipper yet Paradise will not take my money or sell me their product.
1	I really don't like giving bad reviews..but really, I need to.  The food is fine, not exceptional, but the service is pretty poor.  I could be spoiled though.  We used to go to Panara Bakery in KC, which owns Paradise Bakery here in the valley.  I was expecting the same sort of service and food. We went to Paradise one Sunday afternoon and  I was trying to figure out what to have, and well, yeah, I do count calories.  I asked how many calories in a specific item and the guy behind the counter said he didn't know, and said, "Here", and pushed their giant book of calories over to me.  He really was rude.  Anyway, not everyone there is like that, but honestly, it left an impression on me. There ya have it.
4	I recently moved to AZ and I was bummed to find out that they didn't have a Panera in this state. My boyfriend then told me about Paradise Bakery and I was pleased to find  out it was owned by Panera Bread and basically the same thing! When we walked in my first impression was that it was very clean, everyone was really friendly and they had great music playing in the background. They also had a lot of selection to choose from!I ended up getting the Tomato & Mozzarella panini and my boyfriend got the Fontega Chicken panini with soup. Everything was so fresh and delicious. Plus both came with a Chocolate Chip cookie that was seriously to die for. If you ever want a tasty sandwich/soup/salad I would definitely hit up Paradise!
3	CookiesIf cookie monster had not been arrested in Times Square recently I would say that you could find him here eating all the yummy COOKIES.I like to stroll over here and devour a few dozen cookies now and again... I guess you could call ME a cookie monster (legal).Everyone here is so friendly and sometimes even gives me FREE COOKIES when I order 2 they give me 3 etc...I've eaten other food here a few times, chili was good, but no tabasco was available to make it better.Never had a sandwich here so can't say. I will say it one more time though:COOKIES (no one judges you for it)http://todayentertainment.today.com/_news/2013/04/09/17671380-costumed-cookie-monster-arrested-after-shoving-2-year-old
3	Stopped in here for my lunch break the other day because I wanted something some kind of semblance of being healthy.  Decided to go with the half sandwich and cup of soup meal so went up to the line to order.  The girl working didn't really smile when she acknowledged me and seemed a little bored.  The next guy to help me at the salad and soup station actually was very friendly so it made up for the first girl.  He gave recommendations on things and let me try a couple of the soups when I couldn't decide.The food itself wasn't great.  I liked the clam chowder, it wasn't mind blowing by any stretch of the imagination but it was good for being ordered in the middle of a desert, the Club Sandwich just tasted weird.  I wish I could describe it better but really it was just a strange flavor, I didn't even finish the half sandwich.  The meal came with a chocolate chip cookie too which of course was great but I really was disappointed with the sandwich.  Guess I'll just have to make sure to pass on the club next time.
3	This place reminds me of Panera Bread.  I had a breakfast sandwich and a frozen caramel coffee and both were very good.  They had some really nice looking muffins and cookies but I didn't indulge.
4	The first thing I noticed here was the price, holy cow was it expensive. But I heard it was good so I tried it. I ordered the turkey avocado sandwich. It took a decent amount of time to come out, and the girl who rang me up went back to check and see what was taking so long. I appreciated that she felt it was taking longer than normal, and acted on it. She came back to me with my sandwich and a cookie, and explained to me that they were short people that day, which happens anywhere. Overall the food is  really good, with good service, but a little pricey.
4	The salads are very good here everything seems fresh... The prices are a bit high in my opinion and the serving size is way too big even for half a salad I end up having to get a to-go box to take the rest home. I do love that they have an option for ice coffee where the beverages are and it's really good!!
5	I was very impressed the service last night! The cashier was friendly, quick and welcoming.
4	I am a recent PB convert.  I can't say for sure why I never gave it a shot until a couple months ago, but I'm glad I changed my tune!  I like stopping in here for a quick, healthy meal.  It's not as cheap as fast food, but it comes without the guilt.  I'm a fan of the 1/2 salad, 1/2 soup combo; any variety you choose can't go wrong.  The french onion soup is full of bite-sized pieces of onion, so you don't get that long, onion-like noodle issue!  I still haven't quite worked out their system... it seems like different employees have different stations, so you order your salad and soup from different people.  But sometimes one person sticks with you clear to the end.  Either way is fine, I'd just like them to be clear about what they need me to do.This location is pretty large, with ample parking, an indoor dining room, and a spacious patio.  The night shift folks on our last visit were really energetic and friendly, easily welcoming us in to their silliness.  There's another PB closer to home so I'll likely stick with that one overall, but this is a great option for the Ahwatukee area!
1	AVOID THIS LOCATION LIKE THE PLAGUE!!!We went here before a training class since it was close to our hotel.  Our group arrived about 6:45am thinking we would have plenty of time (class at 8, 5min away) ready for some breakfast and good eats, but instead we were greeted with awful service, an extensive wait, and ultimately no food.  It took an eternity to order because of their inefficient process and when I asked an approximate eta, all I was told was that they were doing the best they could.  After 45min of waiting, we ended up canceling our order and leaving.  Don't go here!!!!
1	First time @ this Paradise Bakery location & it will be my last! It was not busy me & my sister were the first ones to stand in line. After we placed our order & paid then the crowd started to roll in. Ridiculously slow service just to make 2 sandwiches. I mean come on REALLY!!! Our order was finally finished until the employee started to pick up trash off the ground before handing me our food! What ever happened to good costumer service??? My sandwich was not even good, dry with no spread & they messed up my sisters order. Horrible service & work ethic.
2	The kitchen is very unorganized. Just sit back and watch the chaos. Every time I visit there is a long wait in line to pay and to get your food. I love their menu choices otherwise...
2	Love the food here, but is not easy to pick up at all. A lot of time when I try to pick up lunch for my office I will call and get a busy signal several times. One time when this happened I decided to just go through the line and order for everyone. When I was ordering the sandwiches I mentioned to the guy taking my order (he looked like a manager, was wearing business clothes) that I tried calling a few times and kept getting a busy signal, and I just wanted to let him know. I wasn't looking for him to do anything, just a simple "oh thank you for letting us know" would have been nice. Instead he said "well, we're really busy", and that was it. It also is not a very good value for the food that you get and they have messed up our orders a couple of times.
4	I'm from New York and we passed this place on the way to our hotel from the airport.  I'm assuming it is owned by panera bread or this place would have a big lawsuit coming their way.  EXACT same menu.  The system of ordering is dumb.  I work in a restaurant and let's be honest...it just isn't user friendly.  Thank god we were the only ones in that place bc we all looked like morons walking back from station to station.   If corporate is reading this- CHANGE THE SYSTEM!  People like simplicity.  Especially when you already have a bunch of food and choices to choose from.  Food was good.  My frontega chicken seemed a bit undercooked but I just some of it out no biggie.  The cookie they give you is dangerously good.
4	I am a big fan of this Paradise location. It is laid out well, has great service, and the food is solid. I also really like the dining room and WiFi. This is an excellent location for someone who wants to go get some food and/or coffee and get some work done online. Overall, I definitely recommend this location to anyone.
1	I want to give a better review, but unfortunately today's experience was too poor to overlook.Bad experience today... Low inventory, really slow service, their signature breakfast item is the muffins. While I was standing in line they ran out of almost everything and apparently weren't prepared with any new muffins baking. I walked out instead of getting breakfast.
1	I want to give a better review, but unfortunately today's experience was too poor to overlook.Bad experience today... Low inventory, really slow service, their signature breakfast item is the muffins. While I was standing in line they ran out of almost everything and apparently weren't prepared with any new muffins baking. I walked out instead of getting breakfast
4	This location is always good. When we see our doctor in Chandler this is where we get lunch. It's always quick, never too crowded, and they keep the menu normal (been to a few locations where they do strange things like put pesto on the Bacon Turkey Bravo). This is a terrific Paradise Bakery.
3	I've been a fan for over ten years but the menu has changed and a lot of my favorites are no longer options. The salad menu is sparse. I ordered a chicken Caesar salad today. Decent portion but the dressing had an overwhelming flavor of mayonnaise, which was unappetizing.
3	Was so-so on this day. Ordered the split Mac and Cheese and Chicken Tortellini Alfredo, French Onion soup and a frozen lemonade.It was lunch time and about half the tables were open. Usually not a problem but half of those weren't cleared. There wasn't a staff person in sight clearing tables with peak lunch hour approaching. French Onion soup was warm, but not hot. The Mac n Cheese and Tortellini when it arrived was barely warm. Flavor was okay and the Tortellini was very good...even cold. They didn't bring my drink which necessitated a trip back to the register where it wasn't even made. Had to wait for that to be made.They just seemed overwhelmed this day. Maybe they didn't have a full staff but sending out food less then a perfect temperature is unacceptable.
5	One star? This place is awesome!!! The best cookies I ever had! The lunch was fat, fresh, and cheap. The combination that never happens. The atmosphere was super nice too. Def. coming back!
1	The food was good, once they got my order right. Mistakes happen I get it! The staff was very helpful once I explained my order was wrong. Well, almost all the staff...seems like the busser was too busy watching videos than to actually bus tables. During our whole time here, there he was standing in a tray return area watching a movie. On. Full. Blast. I forgave the mistakes made by the kitchen, but this completely ruined my experience. I will not be coming here again.
5	I rarely come to places like these, but I was looking for somewhere to stop and enjoy some nourishment while I allow traffic to die down. I ordered the Tomato soup, which was not normally served at 730am from what I gathered. Jennifer was the epitome of customer service. She talked to the cook staff and asked them to make it for me, she brought it to me, and even grabbed napkins, and utensils for me so I didn't have to get up. She made me feel completely welcome. For a guy that was coming in not expecting much,  just a cup of Joe, and a something light to eat. I left feeling compelled to compliment the service here! Thank you Jennifer ;-)
4	Solid choice for a light lunch. This is the Arizona equivalent of Panera. Try their Mac and cheese, it's fantastic. Clean place with a nice atmosphere. They get busy around lunch, so give yourself plenty of time.
1	If I could leave a negative amount of stars I absolutely would. This place is horrible! The little girls that run the place in the mornings are rude and I think, brain damaged. If that's true I'm sorry but there was 9 people standing around doing NOTHING! When I asked if they had anybody working they acted like I had something coming out of my forehead. I recommend going anywhere but here! Yelp is a great resource and if you tell it what you want it will tell you somewhere better than this! Support local business!!!
2	Traveling for work and this Paradise Bakery was right next to the hotel I was staying at.  Walked over to grab a bite to eat for breakfast.  It is a large space, similar to other Paradise locations, and was clean and inviting.  Overall the staff was friendly enough.The downside was the wait.  There were two people in line in front of me, and the place was not overly busy.  After placing my order (breakfast sandwich and a coffee), it took a good 15 minutes to get those two items (the server apologized that they had to make more eggs- ran out of eggs at 7:45 AM??). Multiple servers stopped by asking if the food they had in hand was mine (it wasn't!).  As they give you a number plaque to put on your table, they should know what plate goes with what number...seems pretty easy.Once my sandwich and coffee arrived, the sandwich was good and came out hot.  The coffee was good, but came out lukewarm at best.Overall the food was tasty, but the service and timeliness has something to be desired...
2	The last 2 times I've been here, I ordered my usual: Sierra Turkey and the Mac and cheese. Both times I sit down with my number and wait. And both times I wait some more. I see them bring food to people who got here after me. Finally I go up and ask, and it's like they totally forgot my order. What is it about me? Is it my big blue eyes that are deep and intense like an ocean swell. Whatever it is, I'm losing my patience.Anyway, when I finally get my food, my sandwich has no cheese on it! I go up to fix the problem, and lil bro at the counter tries to tell me the Sierra Turkey doesn't come with cheese. Well if that's the case who do I thank for hooking it up the last 20 times I was here? Because a sandwich with meat and lettuce is no sandwich at all.Anyway the food is decent, service sucks. /rant
2	The last 2 times I've been here, I ordered my usual: Sierra Turkey and the Mac and cheese. Both times I sit down with my number and wait. And both times I wait some more. I see them bring food to people who got here after me. Finally I go up and ask, and it's like they totally forgot my order. What is it about me? Is it my big blue eyes that are deep and intense like an ocean swell? Have I offended the turkey Gods? Whatever it is I'm losing my patience.Anyway, when I finally get my food, my sandwich has no cheese on it! I go up to fix the problem, and the guy at the counter tries to tell me the Sierra Turkey doesn't come with onions. Well if that's the case who do I thank for hooking it up the last 20 times I was here? Because a sandwich with meat and lettuce is no sandwich at all.Anyway the food is decent, service sucks. /rant
5	We arrived at about 6:40am not knowing this place opens at 7. To my surprise, the manager opened the door, invited us inside and offered us coffee and breads. We were so thankful after having had a rough morning at the airport. Very high quality service. Thank you Alan!
4	Written by my 7 year old:  The grilled cheese was delicious!!  I like how they get a cookie for the kids meal!!!
