5	I had great service here. I came to the check-in booth as an Express Business Member and it was so easy and simple. They had my reservation and car ready. I signed some documents and got into my car within 5 minutes. The car was parked right next to the check-in booth. It was great since I didn't have to carry my luggage far to find my car. At check-out, it was painless too. The gentleman came to scan the barcode on the car, looked around and gave me my receipt to leave. I would definitely use Dollar again the next go around.
1	i've rented many cars in many location, but here is the first  to add on additionalinsurance without my consent, or at least my understanding, making it a very expensive rental. Confusing at best, I notice that I'm not the only one with this experience. There are better options in the same rental hall.
1	They kept pushing the extra insurance on me.... what part of "No" did you not hear?  Then, when I asked for directions, the sales guy acted like he was not from there... real mature.  My smart phone is way smarter than you, dip-shit!
1	I've rented cars in pretty much every major city and have never run into this problem before. The sales associated attempted to force me to buy additional insurance raising the rate by $200 and saying my umbrella full coverage insurance wouldn't apply in phoenix. Its BS, don't use them and you do not need their insurance if you have your own.
1	Prices a little lower than other car rental companies at Phoenix Skyharbor, but employees at night have bad attitudes and hide when customer lines form.  Best bet for surly service and smoky cars.
1	Insanely long wait in line. Will not rent from here again.
1	Got what I thought was a good rate through Hotwire for a mid-size. Learn at the counter that a Ford Focus was what they consider a mid-size car! The Focus is OK but I needed a larger car. They couldn't do it because it was prepaid and the added costs would have been astronomical. Then I discovered the car did not have cruise control! In thirty years of renting, I've never gotten a car without cruise control, at least in the US.  Dollar is at the low end of the rental spectrum. I read today that Hertz wants to buy Dollar/Thrifty. I hope they do. Otherwise I'll never knowingly rent from them again.
1	Renter beware!I flew into Phoenix airport this week on business.  I usually rent from Enterprise or Budget, but they were sold out because of a NASCAR race in Phoenix.  I booked a Dollar rental car from 9am Tuesday to 6pm Wednesday (33 hours!) for a total rate of $404.  Having rented cars in Phoenix in the past, I know they are 3x the price of anywhere else in the country, but OMIGOSH!I was in a hurry to get to the client site in Scottsdale, so when I landed, I grabbed the car as quick as I could and took off. I ended up driving to the client 's site, working all day, driving to my hotel about .25 miles away, driving back to the client site the next morning, and then driving back to the airport.  All said and done, I drove just under 40 miles total.  I did get back to the airport a little late (6:30 instead of 6), but in the end, I had the car for about 33 hours, and drove about 40 miles.Upon return, things went downhill fast.  First, in my hurried state picking up the car, I signed up for the rip-off insurance (extra $45).  Second, I did not fill the car up on return.  I knew that the penalty for not filling up was $7.99 a gallon, but I figured I was late, and there was no way I used more than 2  gallons; and therefore the extra $16 was worth it to make my flight.  These two things were my fault.Dollar had another plan...  Even though the gas gauge needle was still on full (the attendant thought I filled it up and asked to see my receipt), they charged me for 4 gallons of gas.  The logic was that they 'estimate' and the only estimates are on quarter tank boundaries.  I queried about the advertised penalty of $7.99 per gallon, he responded that was false, and that I owed $29.  I told him to check the mileage...   no.  It was a losing battle.  Their claim of $7.99 a gallon is completely bogus.  Granted, I should have filled the car on return, but come on... at least tell the truth when a customer picks up the car... "If you don't fill it up when you return the car, we are going to screw you TWICE as bad as what we say on the form you are signing."So the attendant hands me a receipt that says my credit card had just been charged $502 for a 33 hour rental on a crappy Dodge Charger (rip-off insurance + gas + taxes = $98).  Being a frugal business owner, I decided that was robbery, and took it to the manager (even though I was pushing it to make my flight).  Then the truth came out...Turns out that Dollar doubles its rates when events happen in a city.  Since NASCAR was in town, they decided to screw everyone ... because they could.  He shared that during the summer off-season, the same car costs $12 per day (his words not mine), but when things like NASCAR come to town and their competitors sellout, the kind folks at Dollar-Rent-A-Car can, "Charge whatever we want."  In other words, with a smile on his face, he essentially told me to piss-off.Well Dollar... I'm PISSED off!  As a business owner, a NASCAR fan, and as a person, I say, SHAME ON YOU!  I will never rent from you again in any city.  In my eyes, you are no different than the scum opportunists that sell water to disaster victims at 10x the retail value because you know the people on the other end have no choice.  I'm appalled this is the way you value and treat your customers.
1	I travel monthly and rent cars as frequent as my travel. I should have known better and stuck to my plan of Enterprise or Hertz. But I learned one more important lesson and that lesson pertains to HotwireI will preface by saying I landed in PHX at midnight, by the time I get the rental center it's 12:45 am.I reserved my car through Hotwire (this is normally how I reserve my cars) and they simply send you to whoever has the cars. I ordered a standard size car (their description: Nissan Altima, Mazda 6, etc). I end up with some silly small car because that's all they had. Okay, take it because I am tired Return the car with 3/4 tank full. they charged me for 4 "units" as they say which equal $60. Car was rented for 2 days, exactly 48 hours from the time I picked up the car to the time of return. They charge me for 2 days and 1 hour. Okay I can live with that hour but then comes the other tax assessments etc and they hit me up for 3 days.In the end my bill was $160 for a 2 day rental of $45 dollars. UNBELIEVABLE. Now then, did I complain then? No because it was again midnight and I needed to get to the shuttle.....Be careful with Hotwire's deals and confirm the bottom line before checking out. Hey, I like Hotwire but $45 quote to $160?  what's wrong with this picture
1	This was AWFUL.             I rented a car from dollar rent a car with a fixed rate of 22.36 per day. When i knew my flight was going to be delayed i called dollar to let them know and they said that nothing would change with my reservation and that my rate would stay the same. I gave dollar my flight number not only when i booked the bar but when i called to let them know that my flight was delayed so that there wouldnt be an issue of me getting the car.  When i walked in to the rental car center, they informed me that i was goign to be charged 33.94 for friday because i was late, even though i called and let them know that i was going to be late. Also, my husband (we recently just got married) had his wallet stolen at the airport so we had to put the car rental on my credit card wihich he is an authorized user of.. We share the same credit card, its just the name on the card that was different. because of this i was charged an extra 15.00 per day ($60 total) because I am under the age of 25 and we were also charged an extra 10.99 per day (total of 43.96) because he was going to be the driver, THE ONLY driver. I never even got behind the wheel of the car. Because of the situation, i believe that dollar over charged us by $115.54. This is unacceptable and not treated very well. When i called dollar to explain the situation as i had explain when we rented the car, the two customer service reps were awful, they didnt care what i was saying and basically juse told me i was SOL. when i asked for a supervisior, they would not give me a supervisior either. I would NEVER EVER EVER use DOLLAR RENT A CAR AGAIN! It was the worst experience of my life and I felt like a 2nd class citizen.
3	Okay for what it was...which was a remote site for renting cars.  Service was a little slow, but the worker was nice enough.  Car was exactly as described.
1	I saw a great deal on Best Fares for a dollar a day.   It was a promotion to reposition cars.  I knew what the rate was with taxes etc.  When I got to the counter, the rental agent was very pleasant.  When he realized that I was not going to upgrade he became Mr. Hyde.  He told me that my car would probably break down if I used the air conditioning going over the Grapevine.  Maybe I should rent a V6.  No I was sticking to my guns and going with the original rate which is the only reason I rented from DollarI wanted to add an additional driver for the trip back to California.  I only needed the extra driver for the last two days.  The additional driver rate was $10.99 per day.  I only needed it for 2 days.  His reply was, you got the car for a dollar a day, what's an extra $10.99.  My answer was $55.00.  He was not happy.  So to add the other driver I have to go to a Dollar rental car site.I did call the manager on duty and told her what had happened.  I didn't want a better deal, my deal was great.  I just wanted her to know what I went through so that she could communicate this to the agent.  She was profusely apologetic and was planning to let the agent know that this was not acceptable.When you are on a budget, you shouldn't feel better if you can not afford more.
1	Their "customer service" is nonexistent. You will definitely get what you pay for with Dollar. I rented a vehicle for my brother, who is a US Marine, and he was driving from PHX to SAN. The rental was for 2 days. The lady at the counter, who couldn't stop talking about ribs and bbq for some reason, said that by using the debit card, they'd run a credit check and hold $350 from my checking account. She assured me that as soon as the vehicle was returned, the hold would be released and we'd only be charged the agreed upon rental rate. Fine, no big deal. EXCEPT, that she lied!! It's Wednesday night, the vehicle's been back at Dollar since Monday night. It literally took SECONDS for the hold to show up on my checking account, and it's been two days and the hold is still there. I called the 1800 number and was told it could take 2-3 business days. What?? Seriously?? That's not what I was told at the rental counter. I filed a complaint online and received an automatic e-mail reply saying it would be reviewed in 5-8 business days. Apparently, customer service and conflict resolution are not a priority for Dollar. Spend the extra money and rent a car from another company, it will save you a headache and annoyance.
1	ZERO if I could! I have been renting cars for employees for well over 10 years, this was my worst experience to date. I rented through a third party like I always do, also got the insurance through them like I always do. The guy at the car rental counter, Thor, up-sold my employee on their insurance for more than the car cost per day. The way that Thor snuck this in was by telling my guy that he was just initialing for the insurance that we had already paid for. My employee had his insurance form with him and showed this to Thor, but he worded it just right and sold him $89 worth of insurance anyways. I called Dollar when I found this out and they said they couldn't take the insurance off over the phone and he would have to go to a dollar location to get it resolved. I let them know that he was working 3 hours away from the nearest Dollar location and I couldn't afford to have him leave the job to go deal with this. Then they told me he could try to have it removed when the car is returned, it would be at the managers discretion, of course that didn't happen. In addition he was an hour late returning the car, they charged him an extra day rental and an extra day of the insurance we didn't want in the first place. The WORST customer service I have ever dealt with on a local and corporate level. Don't be fooled by the low prices they offer, you will pay double what you planned on one way or another. This was supposed to be a $177 rental including insurance, turned out to be a double insured rental costing us over $300. There goes the budget!
3	I really hate when the rental car is off the airport, especially when they tell you that it's actually on the airport. Folks, it ain't. But that's not Dollar's fault - all of them are here in the rental car pavilion that's a ten minute bus ride from the terminal. Oh, and you're probably waiting ten minutes at the terminal for the bus to show up.I have a Dollar Express account, so I don't have to wait at the counter. Instead, it's straight out to the garage where I find my name on a board that points me to the car. A pretty solid car - the V6 edition of the Ford Fusion. I did ask for a midsize and a midsize is what I got. The car was clean with no dents or scratches, no stinky smell inside either. No complaints there. I was into the car and out of the garage within 5 minutes of arriving at the rental car pavilion.For the return, these folks could use some better signage getting off of I-10. I did manage to get slightly lost, on top of the fact that there isn't a gas station near the airport. That's not Dollar's fault of course, but hey, it still sucks.I didn't have any problem with Dollar. The rate the promised, the car they promised, the everything they promised. All A-Ok. It's a rental car. Nothing special to get all crazy about.Tip: Always, always, ALWAYS take a full set of pictures of the car when you return it. I have heard some horror stories (not from Dollar or from this location!) of people getting a repair bill weeks or months later and without the pictures, you can't prove that you did not damage the car!
3	This place is pretty hit or miss.   Sometimes you'll get a grizzled employee who doesn't give a F, other times you can get a cordial one.    I've learned if you use the word "decline" when you are talking about the coverages you can usually avoid the barrage of questions about the rental process.  I have gotten it down to about a 4 minute transaction at this point, which isn't too terrible.
3	I saw the reviews here just before leaving for my trip to Phoenix, and regretted that I booked my car with them.However, actually it was not as bad as people say here. I rented an economy car, and the price was very reasonable. The only thing I did not like was that there was only one attendant there when I arrived there after midnight, and I needed to wait for a long time while I was very tired from a long day.
1	I wish I had read the reviews ahead of time about being upsold insurance you didn't want, because that's exactly what happened to us.  I complained when we returned the car and of course, they refused to take it off.  In 30 years of renting cars, I have always DECLINED the insurance, and that's exactly what I thought I had done on Monday, Jan. 2, 2012, but Dollar is apparently making too much money on the insurance to hear you when you say, "Decline."  I will NEVER do business with them again.
1	DO NOT, I repeat DO NOT under any circumstances rent a car from this company.  This was the worst experience we have ever had renting a car EVER!  And, my husband and I have been renting cars regularly for MANY years.The first question we were asked was "where are you going?"  Is this their business?  We said Sedona, and the Dollar employee said "oh, you can't possibly drive to Sedona in a compact car.  You MUST upgrade to an SUV if we hoped to get through if there was ANY snow on the way there."  We found out from our friends later that this is absolutely ridiculous.In addition, there was a bad tire on the car we rented/  We ended up with a completely flat tire after the car sat in our friend's driveway for several hours.  We changed the tire to the spare, but when we took the tire to the repair shop, they said we needed a completely NEW tire!  They wouldn't be able to fix the existing one.  This was an additional $240 charge.  This was a brand new vehicle.  How could a Michelin tire go bad that quickly?  Obviously, the tire must have been bad when we left the rental car facility.Rent from ANYONE else!  Do not use this company EVER.  I really wish I had looked at YELP before renting from them.
1	More of a joke than their bait-and-switch tactics that Dollar pulled on my employee at the time of the rental is their customer service after the fact. I contacted them on December 8th, 2011 with a complaint and here is the response that I got this morning, January 18th, 2012. Mr. Sparks is my employee, I clearly stated in my communications that I was his boss and the one that set up the reservation. They obviously didn't read my email very carefully, or my huge signature and contact information at the bottom. This is absolutely unacceptable!Dear Mr. Sparks,Thank you for notifying us of your recent experience with Dollar Rent A Car in Phoenix.  We appreciate the opportunity to assist.We disclose all rental charges at the commencement of the rental to inform you of all charges and to explain the benefit of any protection you select.  A review of your rental contract indicates your acceptance of the LDW by your signature acknowledging the charge.  Final review of your rental information confirms all amounts appear to be in order.  Based on the available information, I must respectfully decline your request for a refund of the amount in question.At Dollar Rent A Car, we strive to provide quality products and friendly, efficient service.  You are a valued customer and your comments are extremely important to us. Thank you once again, Mr. Sparks, for taking the time to notify us of this situation.  We look forward to serving you again soon at Dollar Rent A Car. Sincerely,Ebony HardingCustomer Service RepresentativeCase ID: 1728097
1	My sunglasses were stolen! Now, I'm an adult and a highly reasonable one.  I'm not prone to public whining sessions or making scenes.   I'm very aware that leaving a pair of NICE sunglasses in a rental car when you turn it in is not an advisable thing to do.  I would also expect to never see those sunglasses again if the car had not been thoroughly inspected or had been immediately rented out again to another customer.  I rented a car from the San Diego location and drove to Scottsdale to attend a conference.   During that drive I made the mistake of taking off my sunglasses and instead of planting them firmly on top of my head, I put them in the dash compartment.  I made the drive on Sunday, the location to drop off wouldn't be open when I got there.  Ok, fine - not that big a deal.  The conference didn't start until 9am on Monday morning, plenty of time to get to the drop off point, turn in my car and catch a taxi back to the conference hotel.   The taxi was late and in my panic to get back to the conference in time, I was scrambling.    The taxi shows up, mad dash back to the hotel, run to the conference room and as soon as my butt hits the chair, I remember - the SUNGLASSES!  With no cell reception in the conference room, I dash out during the first break - about 11am (so it's been about 2.5 hours since the car was returned) and call the drop off location, leave a message letting them know what a dumb*** I'd been , what the sunglasses looked like and where they had been left.  I get a call much later that afternoon to let me know that the car had NOT be rented out (phew) but lo and behold, no sunglasses could be found!So I call back the next morning since the location was closed by the time the conference let out, inquire about any lost and found.  A different customer service person tells me that there's nothing that is in the 'regular' return spot and nothing with the hotel lobby desk.    She then tells me that if the person cleaning the cars finds anything, those things are returned to lost and found in Phoenix as she goes there to finish her day.  I think, great- this is what you get for leaving them behind, a detour on the way home but the glasses were well worth it.  Several hours later I get another call this time from the lost and found 'center' in Phoenix- no sunglasses. She tells me that she's called the location in Scottsdale and they searched the car and - no sunglasses.  Why have someone search the car for a third time when we know that the sunglasses are not in the car? A few more patient phone calls, three total days, the car never left Scottsdale and yet my sunglasses were no where to be found.  I finally call the supervisor of the lost and found in Scottsdale and ask, straightforward but not terse or rude - what sort of recourse I might have knowing that my sunglasses were taken and not simply misplaced.  There was no question of where they were placed.  I knew that the sunglasses were left in the car, the car never left Dollar's possession at the Scottsdale location and yet they were missing.  Clearly, unless random people off the street have easy access to unlocked cars, an employee stole them.  The supervisor didn't like that very much- she got very short with me (albeit still remained professional) and basically didn't give me much more than "employees that steal get fired" aka you can't do a damn thing about it.   A written complaint to their headquarter customer service didn't get any different of a result. I gripe because nothing was really done. I don't want someone to be fired for them, I just wanted them back.  I've seen this sort of thing happen many times!  it's amazing how often theft will happen with employees.  Usually crimes of opportunity but there are ways to handle it and there are ways of recovering the items taken - without having to fire everyone in the building.  Or how about trying to make a customer feel a little better about the situation and refund the rental fee, calling the whole deal even?  But nope, I got nothin' but a bad taste in my mouth.  And you know, if the sunglasses hadn't been stolen, I'd probably still be right there with the other reviews regarding their upsells and intentionally confusing but highly persistent sales tactics for upsells.
1	HORRIBLE! They were very rude when I declined the insurance and told me that I would be pulled over because we were close to the border and would be arrested without proper paperwork. In addition, when I got in the car it was out of gas. Lovely. Waited for them to fill it because by that time all of my luggage was in place and it was the only decent looking car available. When I pulled out of the lot I immediately realized that a turn signal was out. Oh, and then I was pulled over for it. When I dug out the car's registration (the cop thought it was crazy that I would have insurance for a rental car) I noticed it expired a year ago. Thankfully I wasn't fined and the very kind police officer suggested I do whatever it takes to get some money back. Needless to say....AVOID THEM LIKE THE PLAGUE.
1	I couldn't agree more with the reviews.  My experience with Dollar Rental at the Phoenix airport was awful.  I only wish I saw all these reviews first before renting with them.  My primary complaint was with the customer service and how the picking up of the cars was run.  It's not Dollar's fault that the airport has all the car rentals offsite or that there isn't a gas station very close to the rental return.  However, it is there fault when it takes me 30 minutes to stand in line at the rental car pick-up line just to have to go downstairs and stand in another line to get the car.  There were four people 'helping' customers but it still took 30 minutes upstairs.  Why?  Because each agent is trying to sell some sort of upgrade or 'other feature' that just adds on more money to a already high price.Then, we get downstairs and think we can just go to our car - but no, you have to stand in another line where another person briefly reads your rental agreement and haphazardly points you in a direction and says 'Row E - blue car'.  So - we go to row E and select a blue SUV.  Then when she sees that we're done loading our two heavy golf clubs and 2 heavy suitcases, she tells us that she meant another blue SUV and that we can't have that car.  Why don't they operate like other car rentals where you're assigned a particular car slot?  So - we had to unload everything from one car into another car and she was not even apologetic about it.  It was ridiculous how poorly organized they were.  It certainly wasn't worth the little money we saved by going with Dollar.  When we're on vacation, time is of importance to us and Dollar's customer service did not seem to care about that.
2	Car was there and ready, however no information was given on a $350 deposit on the car, and my girlfriend didn't have the money in the account.  They would not speak with me over the phone or allow me to pay online.  Horrible customer service and policies.  Too worried about lawsuits to a hysteria driven level.  Never going to rent a car from this company again.  enterprise booked a car for less and no deposit, and accepted my card information online with verification.
5	Great experience.  I took their "lock low and go" special and they gave me a Crown Victoria for 14.99 per day.  Very comfortable.  Waited in line less than a minute and the young man was very nice and friendly.  He offered to sell me extra options but was not pushy when I turned them down.  The car was already ready for me.  It had a few scratches but ran great and they didn't charge me for damage.A smiling young woman checked my car back in rapidly.  So....  The price was great and there were no hassles at all.  I am very pleased.
1	Don't use this car rental.  We took a trip to Phoenix and actually we were going to rent at another car rental place but their computers were down so they took us next door to Dollar Rent A Car.  What a mistake!  They asked if we wanted extra coverages we said no thank you.  The guy says 'initial here and here' - well my friend didn't have on his glasses and initialed where the rep. pointed on the form.  Come to find out after I got home and looked at the bill - they charged us some additional fee that we had declined.  I wrote to Dollar Rent A Car and they said 'well you got the coverage and he signed so there's nothing we can do' ... So a charge of $100 for a car for 3 days went to $150.00!  Their customer service is horrible - we were ripped off - wondering if they get commission on 'selling' those extra coverages ???  The part that really gets to me, is that I was there and we both said NO to the extra coverages and the guy heard us so no....totally a ripoff company.  And the parent company is no better.
2	The clerk at the rental counter was incredibly rude.  He pushed a rental upgrade on us without telling us either what car we were actually getting or what the price differential would be.  He just kept telling us that our car was "too small." When I declined upgrading or purchasing any extra services, he conducted the rest of the transaction in a sullen silence.  He handed me the rental contract and walked away.  Didn't even tell me where to go to pick up my car.Car selection was fine, in line with what I expect for a mid-size car.  Clean, fully fueled Crysler 200, about 7000 miles.  The passenger-side rear tire had a slow leak but it wasn't worth the hassle of returning it.  Just put air in it before a long highway trip.  The control message indicating the need for an oil change kept going off but they told us it was fine.  Figures maintenance would be treated about as importantly as customer service.
1	Prior to returning the vehicle, we called the 1-866-434-2226 number but it was closed.  So we contacted the worldwide reservations line to explain that we had gotten stuck in traffic and would be late returning the car.  The rep told us this was not something she could assist with and was also unable to provide a direct number for the Phoenix Airport location.  We returned the vehicle 1 hour and 5 minutes late.  As a result, we were charged for 2 hours of extra rental and an additional 1 FULL DAY DAY extra on the Upgrade, CFC, Facility Maintenance Fee, ERF and Additional Driver.  This is not a fair charge and this was not explained at the time of rental.  I called the 1-866-434-2226 Customer Service number to see if Dollar would be willing to fairly charge only the prorated amount and the customer service rep, Jamil, was extremely unhelpful.  When I asked to speak to a supervisor, he refused to connect me with a supervisor because he said the supervisor would not be able to do anything.  He said he would forward this to the PHX branch and if the manager there "deemed it necessary" I would receive a call back.  I then asked for a number to the Phoenix Airport branch and he said he could not provide that.  It is absolutely unfair to charge for a full extra day when it should be prorated. Customer service is non-existent at Dollar.  We took an upgrade, which provided additional revenue to Dollar and Dollar in turn decided to gouge us. Any savings resulting from using Dollar were not only cancelled out but we ended up paying more.  I would not rent from Dollar again and will be posting this on the web and will be letting everyone know about my experience.  In the future, I will pay the premium for better customer service and go with Dollar's competitors.  I hope now that Dollar/Thrifty are a part of Hertz, the customer service will improve.  Until then, I will not be renting from Dollar, Thrifty or Hertz for business or personal rental needs.
1	I visit Phoenix a lot.  I am also a loyal Avis member, however Avis prices are going up and if I'm not traveling for business I tend to look for better pricing, such as Dollar Rent A Car.Get to the desk, and I'm met with this young, smug kid who is clearly reading some kind of script, and asking some rather invasive questions.  I didn't know if I was going in for my physical, being asked to turn my head and cough, or renting a car.  Him: So, what brings you to Phoenix?Me: time with familyHim: So, that's it, no other reason to come here?Me: noHim: What area are you staying inMe: phoenixHim: You aren't staying anywhere else?  You aren't going to be traveling anywhere else?Me: why are you asking me these questions?Him: Because, if you don't return the car, we'll need to know where to look for it.Me: Please process my car, I'd like to leave the airport.Him:  Do you prefer the limited insurance or the full coverage insurance?Me:  I don't care for your additional insurance at all.  Why wasn't I offered that option?Him:  So you don't want our insurance.  At all.  Nothing?Me:  Was I not clear?Him:  Are you aware that even if someone hits you in our car, and our car is not rentable you are liable for that money while it's being repaired and your insurance won't cover it?Me:  I don't want the insurance.Him:  Who is your insurance company at home?Me:  Give me my !@#$^& car!He hands me my envelope and in big black permanent ink and capital letters "CAR INSURANCE REFUSED"I felt like I was being completely harassed.  I go downstairs and apparently my car was so dirty, it had to be washed twice immediately before I could enter the vehicle.  Standing in the parking lot for 10 minutes with my wife and 2 kids.  This only added to the frustration.I will gladly be paying the extra 20-50 to any other rental car company. I will never use Dollar again.  Writing this review has only rekindled the frustration, and I will be complaining to their corporate headquarters as well.  The lack of service was unbelievable.
1	I have had the same experiences that many of the other customers have had. They charged me with 3 days of extra insurance that I did not want. I would not even give them one star. I will NEVER use them again. I tried to explain to customer service and they would not help. JENNIFER KAIN the service manager would not even come out of her office the day I brought the car back!
1	Dollar at Skyharbor airport sucks!! Plain and simple, why?  well, I am a rapid rewards member so pick up was easy since I didn't have to deal with any of them, that's true at any Dollar location I pick up at.  However, returning the vehicle.. you are forced to deal with them, I specifically dealt with Kalshd, an Indian fellow who charged me for a fuel on a full tank of gas because I did not have a receipt.  What an effing joke, I'm going to dispute the charge because I noticed right when he printed it.  I would have complained further and disputed it then and there however I had a flight to catch.  I checked my rental agreement and found nothing to indicate that I needed to furnish a receipt.  Needless to say, the theme is consistent at this location, the people are terrible, the consumers control this market, realize that or pack your crap and get out of town.  The comments on this site are real and are from real people.  Consumer beware you have been warned.  This place will nickel and dime you till you're all dried up.  Not worth the aggravation, it really wasn't and isn't..
5	I guess, we were the exception. Rented from 5/1/13-5/4/13. We had great customer service after being berated at Payless Rental counter. We weren't charged anything extra, we were quoted $120 for the entire rental and ended up getting charged $115 at the end. Very good surprise! Easy drop off and pick up. Will use them again if in a pinch.
1	HERE IS A COPY OF LETTER I SENT TO THE PRESIDENT OF DOLLAR, CC THE PRESIDENT OF DOLLAR THRIFTY AUTO GROUPMay 10, 2013Mr. Gary L. PaxtonDollar Rent a Car 5330 E. 31st StreetTulsa, Oklahoma  74135-5023Subject: Recent experience with Dollar Dear Mr. Paxton:   My wife and I just returned from an 8 day trip to Arizona and used your firm for car rental.   It turned out to be an experience I won't soon forget, and thought I would share it with you.  We began on your web site on April 30th, we had no trouble selecting and reserving a full sized Ford Taurus or similar on confirmation #N7226985 for a total of $239, at Sky Harbor Airport in Phoenix.    After a long exhausting day of travel we arrive at the rental counter, where the gentleman begins to fill out the agreement, he asks where we will be traveling and what we plan to do.  Then he says "You have rented a full size which means a Mercury Grand Marquis which will get only 15-16 miles/gallon and sits pretty low for sightseeing.  You would be much happier in a Ford Escape with Eco-Boost which sits higher but will also get 32-34 miles/gallon.   It will only cost an additional $20 per day."  I asked what happened to the Ford Taurus which gets better mileage than he was stating for the Mercury.   He skipped right over my question and started calculating on his computer.  He took some number of miles, used some price per gallon of gas, and the expected MPG's he quoted above and said we would actually come out cheaper by increasing the cost of the rental by $160 and getting the Escape with Eco Boost.  Wanting to get out of there and get on our way I agreed, not entirely sure if I had just been up sold, but my $239 rental is now over $400.   We head down to where the cars are and were told to take anything in row E.  In row E there is only one Ford of any type but it happens to be an Escape.  When we open the doors we notice that the seats are filthy, not just dirty, but filthy!   Looks like something had been spilled a long time ago and dirt had stuck to whatever it was.  This was true of all four seats and the cargo area.   There were also three empty pop cans in the back seat, one on the seat and two on the floor.  We seriously considered heading back to the counter, but really wanted to just get going, and since it was to be a somewhat outdoors vacation decided we could live with it.   After leaving the airport and getting a ways down the road I happen to notice that the gas gage is showing 3/4 full.   Knowing that all cars are returned either full with a receipt or are filled by Dollar I thought the gas gage was just off.   The following day we drive for a while and it just doesn't seem like we are getting anything like 32-34 mpg unless this Escape has a very small tank.  I pull in for gas and look the car over for anything that says Eco-Boost and find nothing, so I open the hood and find that this is not the small Eco-Boost but the larger 6 cylinder.   When I get back in after filling the tank I now notice that the gas gage works just fine and it is now on full.    To Summarize:  We were not given the Taurus or similar we reserved, we were talked up to an additional $160 for an Eco-boost Escape which we didn't get, the gas tank was only 3/4 full, and the vehicle was filthy and with pop cans left in the back seat.    As I think about it now, I would have been perfectly happy with a clean Taurus or similar at whatever mileage it gets, a full tank, and no unwanted pop cans.  Funny thing, but that is what I thought I reserved. James Skrentner8372 Willingham LaneSouth Branch, MI  48761989-257-2315skrentner@gmail.comcc: Scott L. Thompson
3	I did not have the nightmare experience that everyone else seemed to have.  Got my car in pretty quick fashion, and dropped it off with no problems.  Had a receipt for the gas since everyone warned me about that.  Dumb rule for sure, but didn't affect me.  Just another car rental for me...
1	Do not rent from here! I made a reservation from my boyfriend to rent a car, they would not let him leave without getting the OPTIONAL insurance despite the fact that our credit card covers rental cars! I emailed customer service to dispute this and they said to have my boyfriend talk to a manager upon returning the car. He did and they refused to do anything. I called customer service and they refused to do anything! They basically told me it's too bad and the woman on the phone was horribly rude. Screw Dollar, I will never rent from them again.
1	The rental counter agents are scam artists pure and simple and extremely rude to boot.  They try to upsell you on their insurance esp. the LDW and when you decline, they try to berate you....If you must rent from them try to bypass the rental counter and use the Rapid check-in OR better yet DON'T rent from them!
1	DO NOT RENT A CAR FROM DOLLAR!  :-(    I rented an economy car for for 2 days from Phoenix SkyHarbor and it ended up being $330.00.   First they did not have the car and I was told to wait for 15 minutes.  After about 1  1/2 hours I finally got a car just when someone returned it.  This car was about 10 times the price that is should have been.  The way DOLLAR plays with numbers you will end up spending a LOT more than quoted - like 10 times more. The customer service was awful and they did not want to talk to me.   You must read the fine print very, very carefully.  The fine print is where they will nickel and dime you to make your bill 10 times the quoted amount.   My experience with Dollar was so terrible that  I personally will never do business with Dollar again.  They just play dirty with their customers and will Nickel and Dime you.  I should have read the other reviews before renting the car - Ratings don't lie. .  Yelp is a beautiful thing.
1	Im afraid to say that all bad reviews for Dollar and not only here but everywhere does have its reasons.......The level of customer service is a discgrace to the whole company and i would not think of ever renting a car here again. Heres my story..... We come to vegas after a 24 hour journey from Scandinavia and are more then tired. Head to the airport dollarn rental place where we have booked a "Charger or similar". First he says i have "some coverage" but if i get a flat or something in the middle of nowhere it will be soooooo expensive so he wants me to get the "super coverage" or similar that runs for about 20 $ a day wich would have added 420 $ plus tax on our prepaid rental. Thanks but no thanks! Ok so they offer me an Impala. Like last time. How the h*ll can they put the small cheap Impala in the same class as the Charger?? I really dont get it. So i say i doont want an Impala and asks what they can offer me instead. Ok they had an old Mercury Marquis wich is suitable for my grandparents and then they try to get me to choose a small Suv like a Kia Sportage. I say i want the full size car i have booked and ask about a nice Taurus i see in the back. He says someone forgot the lights on and that they would have to jumpstart it wich will take a few minutes. Ok so i wait until they start it. He says that the 10 min drive to the hotel will be enough to charge the battery. Wrong! 6 am in the morning at Hard Rock the car wouldnt start. We got help from the staff to start it but thought we should have kept it going a tad longer the day before and left for Grand Canyon........After a 4 hour drive and looking at the canyon the car started but after wome hesitation that left me uneasy.  After the night in Flagstaff the car again refused to start. Called the closest Dollar wich was Phoenix Airport (another reason to choose Hertz or Avis). They told me to come and change the car at the Phoenix location.  So since we where spending the folowing night in Cottonwood we had to go about 300 miles extra to change the car and spend another 4 hours on the road instead of with a glass of arizona redwine i Cottonwood. When we arrived to Phoenix i asked the lady working there if it would be appropriate with a free upgrade (something they can do anytime if the will is there to get rotation on all the cars. Even the better ones.....) She said we could at an additional cost of 620 $!!!! So we could pay that amount to get the Mustang convertible or just take the car we where handed. So all the hassle, extra fuel and time......thats my problem. Not Dollars. And guess what car i got? Dum da da dum!! Yes a Impala in a color of my choice. So we ended up having the dreaded slow, small Impala the 2,5 weeks left of the vacation.  I will never ever rent here or any other Dollar again and advise anyone thinking oof it to put some extra cash in a car from Hertz or Avis where there is another level of the service.  It just goes to show that you get what you pay for.........
4	I alway use Dollar Rental Car - now I know why, Thor was easy to talk to, did not try to up sell us - strait to the point - even got a little upgrade -  Thank You!
1	It takes forever to return your car. One person on a busy weekend with cars piling up.Also, beware when returning your car with a full tank. They never tell you to keep your receipt to prove you filled up. It's on the fine print. So even if you fill up, they'll charge you an exorbitant price per gallon, almost $10, for one gallon.It would have been nice if the sales agent pointed out that we should keep our receipt.Try out another company.
1	Crappy car, but what was really maddening was getting charged over $9 for one gallon of gas (after we had filled up at $3.39/gallon) all because we didn't have a gas receipt to show we had just filled the tank!  We were NOT told to have this receipt when we picked up the car.  The gas tank needle registered full, but the attendant said without this receipt, he would have to charge us.  What a load of bs! In addition, we got the hard sell from the guy at the counter to take their insurance - we didn't. We will never rent from Dollar again.
1	I would rate Dollar Rent A Car Corporation nationwide 0 stars if that were an option!  These guys make up allegations and charge you for a dirty car even when it was returned clean.  If you Google all the complaints on the Phoenix, AZ Dollar Rent A Car location, you'll see that I'm not making this up and I testify first hand of having an awful experience with this exact car rental location.
2	What a terrible little operation going on here. The name of the game: Nickel and dime you until you cannot see straight. Why can't they just operate on the up and up? If you cannot compete legitimately, it's time to change your business model.They show you all the fees and expenses on a tiny little screen. They told me $19.99 for insurance per day that includes roadside assistance. Turns out, not so much. The roadside was another $6 per day. When I needed assistance, they told me to take it to tire shop and have it checked...ON MY VACATION??? Ridiculous. Also, I paid for an intermediate car, Dodge Charger, etc. They offered me a KIA Sol. Do I want to ride around in a toaster? Do I want to be responsible for a Kia tin can? NO! Kia and Hyundai should NOT be included in upper level cars!!I WILL NEVER, EVER use this place again. It is 95% scam and 5% legitimate. You will pay three times what you would pay elsewhere. ALSO, DO NOT RENT at the PHX airport. The 56% surcharge can be avoided at off site locations.** update:  I was offered a refund on the roadside assistance fees.
1	Will never rent from dollar rent a car again. The service at the counter was very slow. When we finally got the car, the gas tank was half empty! We had to ask to get it topped off, which delayed us even more. Upon returning the car, keep your gas receipt and present it! They charge a ridiculous amount for their gas. The attendant was thankful we had the receipt. I feel that this is an unusual practice for car rental.Also the charge for their OPTIONAL car insurance is $26.99 a day and Roadsafe service is $5.99 a day. This adds up quickly. They do not tell you these items are optional, nor are they upfront about how much they charge a day. For my three day rental this tacked on an extra $130, with other minor fees (e.g. State tax, etc.)! This is on top of my original reservation fee! I have never paid this much to rent a car!
1	I've rented cars from all of the companies over the years.  For the most part though I and all of my employees typically stick with Dollar, moreso because it is what we are used to and the price is fair.  Sometimes there are crazy long lines, other times we walk right up.  Recently I finally signed up for Dollar Express and while the concept is nice, I've found it doesn't actually save any time as frequently there isn't anyone in the parking lot to help you.  This happened to me in Chicago recently.Today may be my last time I will ever patronize (or permit my employees to patronize) Dollar again.  I returned a car after refueling as always and didn't have my gas receipt "to prove I filled it within 10 miles".  Now while yes I'm aware of this "policy", I've not come across any receipt Nazis before today.There have been times I didn't get a receipt, but the check-in people used their BRAINS and looked at the fuel gauge and saw it was full.  The guys at Dollar at the Phoenix airport however, weren't smart enough to see that the car was OVER the full line.  When looking at the mileage I drove, I OBVIOUSLY had to have refueled.  Today the receipt printer at the gas station wasn't working and I didn't have time to wait around for them to fetch someone to try and produce a receipt because I have a plane to catch.  No big deal right?  The car is CLEARLY full, right?  I've rented from Dollar for 10 years and it's never been an issue in the past, right?WRONG!The large man checking my car in was quite rude about it and when I spoke to the supervisor Enriquez he clearly didn't give a flip either.  (The desk clerk who fetched Enriquez was polite and professional, but unfortunately he had no authority to make things right.)To Dollar Corporate, I hope you enjoy the $10 you effectively stole from me.  I have no plans on giving you any more of my company's business based upon the staff at the Phoenix airport and this RIDICULOUS "policy" you have.  Use your brains.  If the car is full, then it's full.  End of story.  Why is this so hard?  The answer is simple, it's just another tool to screw customers like happened to the people who wrote other reviews here.  You may make an extra $10 today, but you're going to lose thousands from this one incident with my employees and hopefully more as other customers are warned here of your business practices.  Way to go.
1	Keep your receipt for gas! A-holes  charge $13 when you bring it back full but don't have receipt! No one EVER mentioned that when rented. "Whats that? you didn't read the little sticker on the envelope? " Does anyone read that shit? This will be my last choice in car rentals forever.
2	My latest experience with this company, I gave 2 stars only, "Meh. I've experienced better." The last 2  times I rented cars from them I got I got what I expected. This recent time , we requested a full size care and got a mid-sized Chevy Malibu. Great  car BTW. No complaints except that Dollar did not reduce the daily rate . (i found  out later) . We gave ourselves more that enough time to drive back from Tucson and were 6 minutes late, for the agreed return time , because of the extraordinary commuter traffic. They charged us for another whole  day A word of advise. DO NOT BUY FUEL FROM DOLLAR. IT IS A SCAM. I think $3.53 is too much to pay when on the street in AZ. , $3.17 will get you a gallon of gas. Hell of a way to treat repeat customers . Up til the last experience I was happy with the service and product which is why we went back. Hopefully they will stop the bullshit and continue to remain open. I don't see that happening. They will be gone once the stink gets around.
4	Arrived at 12am without a rental reservation. Checked prices at a few other companies found out NASCAR was in town so prices were way up, obsurd prices everywhere including here.  None of the places seemed willing to help. My mistake for not planning ahead. However, Greg was very polite and understanding of my budget and at 1am was able to quickly help me get the vehicle I needed for a successful weekend. I'd have given 2 stars if it weren't for his helpfulness. Thanks again Greg!
1	I am not shocked after reading all the negative feedback on Dollar rental Car.  I too had the same experience with them.  Great Customer service at the counter..Walked away happy to find when i returned my KIA that I had been upcharged!  I was told 234. for 4 days, and was charged 504.  WOW... I did file a complaint online, but that went NOWHERE!!   I have also called  the customer service/complaint dept, twice,  they not only told me there are no refunds and that i agreed to that price.. Which is total CRAP!!  and when you start aking alot of questions, their MO is to hang up on you...  GERRRRRRRR!!!This company prides themselves on being deceptive and ripping of  the consumer that pays their bills!!I will NEVER rent from them again and I encourage everyone to file a complaint with the BBB !  I am starting a petition to file a Class Action Suit against them!!DO NOT THROW YOUR GOOD EARNED MONEY TO DOLLAR RENTAL CAR...
1	I too wish I had read the reviews before I had rented a car from them.  I reserved a vehicle thru AAA.  The bottom line was I was quoted 234.00 for a 4 day rental, but when I returned it I was given a receipt that indicated they had charged my 504.00!!  Wow.. so when I returned home from my vacation I immediately called Customer Service.  They told me....No refunds, sorry you agreed to everything.. and hung up!  I filed an on-line complaint thru their website, waited a few days and called them again.  Of course they said they had no record of any on-line complaint.  I again tried to talk with the Customer Service Rep (that's where all complaints or directed) and again I was told No refunds and hung up!  I hope everyone tells someone to NEVER throw your money away to Dollar Rental Car!!  They misrepresent prices and gouge the consumer!!
1	Complete incompetence and lack of professionalism. One man walks outside to smoke as the other man working the desk stares at the computer and overcharges me.
1	Sitting here in I-17North waiting for a replacement vehicle since ours overheated (in 40degree weather. Customer service is non existent with them. I called to see if a car had even been sent and was told they were "pretty busy". That got me going and then he said he didn't have to listen to me yell at him. Ya. Well I'm "pretty busy" too trying to enjoy our vacation to the Grand Canyon.  Supervisor wasn't any help. The three hour time for them to go 75 miles un I -17 has now turned into four without much concern on their part.  Very frustration to be at their mercy while the vacation hours tick away...Grrrrrrr..... The one star they got was because Yelp won't post it without one
5	Booked car rental thru Orbitz at PHX airport with hotel combo. Dollar had my reservation as soon as I walked up to the desk, like within about 15 min (time it took me to catch the free shuttle to rental car area.) No problems at all, simple checkin, nice & clean.
1	I have a gut feeling I may be updating this review as I am still in possession of my Ford Focus rental from Dollar at the Phoenix Airport. I don't have the final bill yet, and fear I may join the growing list of Yelpers who were overcharged,  gouged, dinged, or otherwise have gotten a haircut as a result of Dollar's alleged business practices. My preliminary review focuses on Dollar's customer service, or lack of it, in the wee hours of 29 January, 2014. It's 12:30 am and a group of ten tired, somewhat surly, travelers have queued up to pick up their reserved cars.I've heard in the line that since the customer service counters at Hertz, Avis, Thrifty, Enterprise, National, Fox, and Alamo were closed, their customers (who didn't belong to their frequent renter clubs) had to pick up their cars at Dollar. Many flights were arriving late into PHX due to the snowstorm dubbed "Leon".Ten customers, not all actual Dollar customers, were waiting in line to be served by one female employee, who clearly appeared as if she didn't want to be there. It was taking her 10 minutes, on average,  to process each customer. I was sixth in line. There were eight computer terminals at the counter. One employee. The Dollar Lady, as she will heretofore be known, would call out for someone named Alexis, (unforgettable because it sounded like she was ordering "a Lexus" every time she picked up her two way radio) requesting a count on how many compact cars were available in the lot. It seemed as if Alexis was actually manufacturing these compact cars the Dollar Lady was ordering on the radio.When it was my turn to approach the Dollar Lady, she went through her spiel about insurance, which I declined, as my credit card and auto insurance at home covers me on hired or rented vehicles. We'll see if I get charged for the insurance,  as other Yelpers were.She asked if I would be "more comfortable" in a larger car. I don't know the reason for her question.  Was it a lame attempt to upsell me, or a veiled jab at my larger than average body type? It's now 1:30 in the morning. I'm tired. I'm surly from waiting 60 minutes in line. I gave her my response:"Only if it will get me out of here quicker."I guess my response could have been deemed as "poking the bear". But I said what I said in a straight,  matter of fact tone. No yelling, no snottiness.  She said something to me, I can't recall her exact words, owing to the time of day and my reflection upon what I said to her. I recalled her saying "working here" and "bathroom", but the rest was a bit of a blur. She instructed me to check boxes on the electronic contract screen. As I commenced to doing so, she got up and left. Had I offended her? The tension in the line of people behind me, now numbering at around a dozen, was palpable. Did she quit? Was she going to bring in more people?  Was she going to the lot to yell at Alexis? Nope. Bathroom break.The rest of the encounter between me and Dollar Lady was straightforward and civil in tone. I answered with "yes" or "no", bade her a pleasant evening, and headed down to the garage to see if Alexis had my car ready. I showed Alexis my contract. Alexis pointed towards the Focus. I got in and headed for the exit. Alexis was there again, in the booth. I handed him my contract and driver's license. He handed them back, opened the gates, and off I went...into the Phoenix night. Alexis went back, presumably to acquire more compact cars.We'll see what happens when I'm handed the bill at the end of my rental agreement.Oh, I'll be prepared, turning in the gas receipt "from a station located within 10 miles of the rental location", as per the Dollar Lady's instructions.Don't mess with the Dollar Lady.  Especially at 1:00 in the morning.
4	I think that I made an impression of some sort.  When I returned the replacement car (that was smaller) I went straight to the main desk and asked for the manager. Luckily, they weren't busy. He came out, I calmly explained what had happened and asked that I not pay for the entire rental.  He agreed and comped my rental except the taxes (about 80bucks). I did walk away a happy camper and would probably rent from Dollar again but maybe opnot this location just to be on the safe side.
1	A nightmare from the beginning. I purchased a rental car as part of my flight package with Spirit Airlines, paying for flight + car. Avoid doing any kind of business with this manager at all costs! He's a first-rate jerk!Richard Seldner, Operations Manager, Dollar Rent a Car at Chapparal Suites, Scottsdale, AZ. 1. When I arrived to rent my car in Phoenix, the Dollar agent argued with me about my car already being paid for. His superior tried to correct him but somehow my credit card was charged again at the end of the rental period! So, I was charged double by Dollar. 2. I wanted to extend my rental period. When I called Dollar they told me it would cost me nearly 3 times as much. So, I returned the car and started all over again with a new rental agreement. This time I got a small, damaged Kia without a full tank. I felt unsafe in the car and decided to exchange it. I drove it to the airport to get a new car. I was nearly held responsible for the damage and almost held responsible for the lack of gas. 3. I left my luggage in the car as the attendant assured me he would lock the car and keep it safe while I went to retrieve the new car. He spaced out, and the car and my stuff had disappeared when I returned. We got it back but some important papers and personal items had been thrown out. 4. After many phone calls, I finally spoke to Richard Seldner, Operations Manager for Dollar Rent a Car at Chapparal Suites in Scottsdale, AZ. I left messages for him three times. The agent at the desk assured me he would call me back. Finally after nearly a week, I called him. He wasn't the least apologetic. He tried to pin the blame on me. He offered me a 10% discount which would've been about $15. I wasn't happy. Then, he asked me what I thought was fair. I said 25%. He vehemently opposed. I then said 20%. He still strongly opposed my suggestion. After I pointed out to him he was being wish washy and mealy mouthed, he took off $25. 5. At the end of that rental period, I decided to stay longer and asked him directly if I could rent the car at the same rate I originally rented it for. He took his vengeance! He charged me $16/day for penalties plus the daily rental fee of $34.99. I said, "No way!" and returned the car on time with a full tank.5. I shopped a couple of rental companies at the airport and got a good deal on a good car with Fox. Despite the original low rate I received when making my airline reservation with Spirit Airlines, I will do my best to avoid renting from Dollar in the future.
1	My credit card company is now disputing the additional charge on my card from Dollar for the car rental which totals about $300. Dollar charged me these fees on top of the $$$ I already paid to Spirit Airlines for flight + car. American Express is the best CCC. They said they would take care of everything! Meanwhile, the extra charges and were taken off my card.
1	Beware of Dollar Rental's so called insurance "Waiver". They use deceiptful practices when checking you out. Even after I said I did not want insurance coverage, I accepted an insurance waiver - which I thought meant I was waiving insurance. I received $190 charge for insurance I did not ask for. My mistake for not looking over my receipt closely before I drove off.They are being sued for this practice. Find out more information http://www.investigativeguy.com/
5	I rent here often.  The staff is always so nice.  JOE has helped me the last few times and has been awesome.THANK YOU DOLLAR
1	I travel on business almost weekly and usually look for the best price on a rental car wherever I travel. Last time in Phoenix I reserved a car in advance from this Dollar location and when I got there waited in line to check in at least 30mins then when I got my paper work they sent to garage and said any economy car. Im like ok I know this routine like ive done a million times. BUT! when I got to the garage there was at least 50 people in line waiting for their cars. And they were taking names saying it would be 30mins. Well 30 mins turned in 45mins. and other people that had got there before me was in excess of an hour. Anyhow I was there on business and had not planned on their LACK of customer service so I had to go back up stairs to another rental car place and get a car so I wasnt late for my appointment. DOLAR RENTAL NEVER EVER AGAIN. TERRIBLE SERVICE IN PHOENIX and the cost savings not worth the poor service. WHY WOULD YOU TAKE A RESERVATION FOR A CAR YOU WILL NOT HAVE WHEN I GET THERE!!!!FOLKS IF YOU WANT TIMELY SERVICE DO NOT USE THEM THEY ARE CHEAP BUT YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR.
1	Horrible experience. Everything about this place was either trying to nickel and dime you or try to trick you into an upsell you didn't want or need.Example:* They don't tell you this, but in the paperwork you sign you agree that you have to fill the gas tank within 10 miles of the car return, and you have to present them with the receipt. Never heard of this in my life. If you don't, they charge you their $10/gallon no matter what.* They asked if you want full insurance coverage or minimal. No mention of none. If you just say, oh the minimal, they'll charge you $200 for it. You have to stress to them several times you want NONE. And even then they try to tell you how horrible it is to drive in Phoenix.Our car was covered in scratches and little dings that you don't notice in the dimly lit garage. Thankfully they didn't try to charge us for anything, but I was worried once I finally noticed them.I would never use them again.
1	To sum up Dollar @ PHX in a few sentences I would say,  they are the type of place that works hard to fee you and upsell items through fear, omission of facts and deception.  You should read the bad reviews here and BELIEVE them and if I was you, no matter how cheap of a rate you got, just move on.  In the end it will end up costing you money, time and add to your stress level if you rent here.  So here is my story.  I used airline miles to get a free rental at Dollar.  I read the Yelp reviews just before we left and knew some of the "gotchas" to watch for (I wish I had done this before I booked).  Honestly, if it wasn't such a headache to change the reservation (since I used miles) I would have, but chose to stick it out.  When we got to the counter (after what seemed like a 20 minute shuttle ride) I told them I had a reservation and my name.  The attendant asked why I was visiting and I told him for Spring Training.  So here is where it starts, he looks at me and my husband (and our 1 suitcase) and says that we will never fit us & the suitcase in their compact car (what we booked) because they only had  tiny 2 door compacts with a hatchback.  I tell him we will be fine, we drive a mini regularly and I can't imagine they are smaller than that!  He grumbles something and moves.  Next he asks, do you want FULL insurance or MINIMAL insurance.  The catch here, I want NO insurance and he doesn't give that option.  When I say, I want NO insurance he says, well cars get really beat up at Spring Training if you have a problem and the car is out of commission we are going to charge you a hefty price all the days it is out of commission.  Yes, because I am obviously going to park the car the baseball diamond and let people have at it.  Ridiculous.  We move on.  NO insurance.  You are covered by your own car insurance and we have additional insurance via our credit card, so it really is a useless added on fee. Then he asks if I will pre-pay for gas or fill it myself.  I choose the latter.  What he fails to tell me and what I knew from Yelp and the receipt (because I searched it out), was that they  REQUIRE you to have receipt when you return the car proving you filled it up within 10 miles of the return location.  If you don't, they charge you almost $10/gallon!!! So at any rate he grumpily tells me where to get the car and when we go down there are literally 20 cars that are all 4 doors and pretty spacious compacts (we got a Nissan Sentra). I guess between me signing and getting my car all the tiny hatchbacks got rented? Yeah.   Oh and when you leave they make you show them your driver's license again, which was annoying since I had packed it all back in my bag and had to dig it out. I am sure this is because they charge you for each driver and since we only had one on the contract they did a double check.    We returned the car and made sure we were not charged anything, but it was a kind of nagging annoyance.  A company should just be up front about their charges and policies and let the consumer decide what they wish to do.  This cat and mouse game of deceit and gotchas is just unprofessional.  I will never use Dollar again. Unfortunately, I think it is Dollar's way of doing things, check any other airport and you find the same complaints!
1	Absolutely the worst experience I've ever had at a car rental place in my life.Deceptive practices. Outright lies. Stay away.
1	Paul at the Dollar car rental falsified the rental agreement in order to force us to pay an additional $450 and the supervisor at the desk said that he is a great long time employee who did a great job and we would have to pay that additional amount.Dollar investigated and said they found that it was falsified and they would contact that manager, but unfortunately he is still there!!!DO NOT USE DOLLAR!!!!!  THEY BELIEVE IN KEEPING EMPLOYEES LIKE THAT STILL EMPLOYED!!!!Pay more and use another car rental agency when in Phoenix!
1	I read reviews prior to renting from dollar, and thought to myself that it can't be that bad and these ppl just had bad experiences. Hoping for better I went with it because upon reserving, they were the cheapest of their competitors. Well iv discovered thy low ball their reservation rate then throw taxes on taxes of nothing... The guy at the desk said 55% of the total your paying is taxes. I reserved my car at an estimated $170. Great deal. I'm under 25 so I knew I'd be paying for it, an added $75, still not bad. So tell me why I walked away from the desk being charged $480!!!!!!!!!! $236 in taxes alone!!!!!!! $94 in "time and mileage"??? BIGGEST rip off of my life! Do yourself a favor and rent else ware. The service was fine but they charge you up the a$$! ($ for effect).
1	Terrible experience.  Same problem a Therese O, was told to hit the "agree" button to "waive" the insurance and was actually charged for a "waiver"  Will never rent from Dollar again.
1	Horrible, horrible, horrible!!!!!!I went to pick up my car, which was prepaid by a friend flying in later. When they asked if I wanted insurance I said, "NO". I was with my other friend who was with me and can verify me saying no. Then the Dollar employee asked for my credit card. I asked him why he needed it because it was prepaid. He said it ONLY needs to have it on file in case something happens to the car and that NOTHING would be charged to my card. He also said no insurance would be charged...NOTHING would be charged. The Dollar employee had me sign a few things that he told me not to read and he just explained them to me. He NEVER mentioned anything about insurance. After I dropped the car off, I got charged almost $300 for insurance. I called Dollar to explain the situation and they were extremely rude and unhelpful. Now, I'm stuck paying for something I was tricked into. I would never use them again, and would never recommend them.
1	AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL!!!! Warning! Do not rent here!!!!!!!!'We too were scammed into over $200 of additional charges! We booked online and we were quoted $232 for the week. Once we got to the Dollar counter, we could barely understand the representative. He told us to sign the screen and sent us in our way. Little did we know, he added over $100 in unwanted insurance and random fees! We immediately called customer service to resolve this problem, and got hung up on! We called back, and we were told too bad, you signed the form, no refunds.  I asked to be transferred or given the direct number to the Phoenix Dollar counter. They told me there is no number! So I asked to speak to a supervisor, who was also NO HELP and told me to get anywhere, we'd have to drive back to the counter! We were 2 hours away by then! He basically said we'd have to speak to an on site manager when we dropped off the car and he would put a note on our file that we were unhappy and did not want the insurance. So, we return the car 5 days later.  There is no note. The manager laughed in my face and called me a liar and said 'you signed it.' DO NOT RENT HERE! Save yourself the headache. They are just horrible, sneaky and so rude.
5	The rental car shuttle to/from airport was efficient.  About a 7 minute ride.Booked via Orbitz.com.  Easy check-in.  Greeted by a friendly staff who was very efficient and knowledgeable.  He explained to us about the Arizona policies about auto insurance.  When we picked up our car, we were able to pick whichever car in the compact range which was a choice of about 10 different cars.  That was a first!  At most places, we're lucky if we get the rental car type we reserved.  Easy drop off.  By far, the most pleasant rental car experience ever.
1	I would not rent from Dollar again.  We were quoted a price of $870 which included taxes and fees, but were charged $1200.  We waived add'l coverage, but clerk added it anyway and tacked on other fees.
1	Classic Jerry Seinfeld. Made a reservation for SUV. None available. Should have stuck w Hertz and paid more.
4	Rented from the again cause at A $9 rate why not. Got a receipt this time and it all worked out. Just can't beat the efficiency of beating the line when you first arrive. It's a convenience that I just need and with dollar express you just walk up to your car and go.
2	Overpriced with customer service that's pretty bad. The car was fine, although they desperately tried to upsell us to more than we needed. In their favor: return dropoff was easy and fast.
1	Worst customer service experience of my life!! I had to call into customer service after returning home from vacation and noticing my charges from Dollar were double what I initially intended on paying.  When I called in I was hung up on and transferred 3 times before getting to a representative. Once I was connected with a representative she was still not able to help me. I was charged for a daily protection charge that I did not want included in my rental agreement.  I told the representative at the counter that I DID NOT want anything extra included and that I would pay for my own gas.  I was lead through a prompt screen and told to sign.  Little did I know I was signing up for an extra daily fee.   Very misleading practices by the counter staff and horrible customer service when calling in.  Refused to refund the charges I was not aware of. They must make their money by hiding additional fees and hoping people don't notice.  Safe to say I will NEVER rent from dollar and I suggest everyone else stay away!!!!  AWFUL!!!!!!!!
1	WARNING! Dollar practices extremely deceptive business practices! My wife and I rented a car and informed the rep at the counter we did now want any insurance coverage. Rep told us we would not be charged anything and advised us what to press on a barely readable 4x6 touch screen. Confirmed multiple times that we would not be charged anything. Came home to an extra $400+ insurance charge. Called customer service to refund. Was told they had our signature and won't offer to refund insurance charge. Was hung up on 3 times, representatives were extremely rude. Worst customer experience ever. Was lied to, mislead, and will never EVER use this company again. After doing reading online it seems countless others have had this same problem.
1	Worst car rental experience!!! Should have stuck with Hertz.  Told us they were "short on cars so there will be a wait".  What is the point of making a reservation then!? Pay a little more $ and go with anyone but Dollar!
1	Do not rent from this people!!!  I had a car booked through expedia and went to pick it up.  I was told that in economy they only had these tiny deathtrap cars left so Sergio suggested that I upgrade to something bigger.  When I went to pick up the car I saw that it wasn't true... they did have something other than these tiny cars in economy.    He had lied.  After I had driven off... I looked at the ticket and realized that they had charged me $220 more to upgrade... I'm ending up paying  around $450 for a two day rental.  Unbelievable!
4	The shuttle took us from the terminal, to the offsite but close by rental setup, where all off the other rental car companies were. Checkin was smooth. Like at all other rental places, they tried to sell me insurance, I just refused and went about the process. My only complaint was that they attempted to charge an extra, ridiculous fee per day to add my husband on as a driver. I don't adjust to extra fees well, so I was the designated driver for an entire week.
1	I have used Dollar quite a bit in the past and have usually had a reasonable experience with them, but I noticed a pretty dramatic change this time. They have really shifted to making profits and caring much less about their customers. You really need to be careful if you plan to use them in the future. I am a business person and understand that importance of profitability, but not to the point of making the customer experience miserable and losing business.First off, when picking up the car and going through the process, they were understaffed and the line was very long. Secondly, I told the person multiple times that my insurance company covers the rental, but he kept trying to sneak extra insurance in and I would catch it when we went through the screen. The price went from around $32/day to well over $250 for a weekend rental. He kept trying to push me to buy the insurance and said that if the car becomes undriveable within the next 60 days even of no fault of my own that I would be liable, which makes no sense whatsoever as obviously there would be numerous other people driving the car during that time period. He was super pushy and left me feeling pretty annoyed and turned off by the process. He also made a big point regarding not smoking in the car (I do not smoke, so it is not really relevant), but I tried two different cars and they both reeked of smoke. So I am thinking, are they going to blame me for that... I also elected to fill the car up myself and he made a huge point of saying that if I did not have my receipt and it was less than 10 miles from the drop off that there would be a penalty. This was the first time I have had anyone be so aggressive about it. It was interesting. There were multiple other sneaky, pushy, etc. tactics during the conversation that were just odd. (Am I buying this car or just renting it for a couple of days...)Anyway, I had planned to purchase fuel myself before dropping off the car, but the guy was so nuts about it being within 10 miles that I waited until I was near the drop off area and then could not find a gas station. This was my bad, but then when I dropped it off they charged me nearly $10 per gallon and a bunch of taxes and other fees. The person that checked me out could care less about my concerns or satisfaction and just shrugged and said some obnoxious comment that confirmed my feelings toward the company. By the time it was all said and done, the advertised cost of $32/day ended up costing over $300 (this is with no insurance or extras of any kind) for picking the car up at 9:33 AM on a Friday and dropping it off at 11:58 AM the following Sunday. It was the least expensive car (a crappy little compact). Using a cheap little car that reeked of smoke for slightly more than two days was pretty expensive in my mind...I recognize that the gas was my fault, but ripping off your customers like that is ridiculous. I think people go with Dollar for the lower cost, but in the end you are nickle and dimed to the point where it ends up costing you more and you get terrible service and rudeness to go along with it.I am going to switch to Hertz or a company with a better reputation, good service and a customer focus. Dollar could care less about whether they keep you as a customer or not. I left feeling like I just got completely ripped off, which I did.
1	As an update, I was contacted after my posting by a support rep, but as expected they make no effort to remedy the situation or do anything whatsoever to retain people as customers. This company is terrible and I would highly recommend going with a different rental company. They appear cheap, but they will make every effort and take every advantage to rip you off.I also wanted to add that I signed up for the Hertz Gold online and they are great. It is amazing the difference. Amazingly enough, I just took a trip to Santa Barbara and rented a car with Hertz and even though I had an extra half day and upgraded to a Mercedes E class, it was still cheaper than when I used Dollar with 100 times better service.
1	The worst rental car company at PHX airport. As if the lengthy shuttle ride and horrendous facility charges in Phoenix weren't bad enough, Dollar punishes customers with dirty old cars. They let me pick between 3 non-smoking cars that had cigarette stains and odor. Totally disgusting. I will never use this company again.
1	Maybe I don't get out much, but this is the first time I've ever been asked to add another driver for $11 a day. Up yours, Dollar Rent a Car. I will drive the whole damn time over the next three days and maybe Ill even spend the $33 I'm saving to buy beer while I'm doing it. How's that?Second, this whole insurance thing really pisses me off. "Oh, this is Arizona and it's special down here and none of the insurance you think you have [wink] [wink] REALLY works on rental cars because of our "special laws" so we need to, like, DOUBLE the cost of your rental with excess fees.You could tell she wasn't used to being told, "No."Meanwhile, read why the Florida Attorney General is investigating these people:http://www.autoblog.com/2014/08/19/dollar-rent-car-insurance-scam-video/
4	Stayed in Phoenix for a couple of days and chose these guys for my rental. It turned out to be a really good decision.The pros:1.  The airport has a convenient shuttle to take you to the car rental center. The rental counter was easy to find, the staff was friendly, and very quick to get me set up with a car.2.  Very friendly and helpful garage staff. It turned out that they didn't have the car I reserved so I got a free upgrade. This ended up being a convertible Mustang. Oh the horror. I had to drive a convertible Mustang in beautiful Arizona weather. Thanks for the upgrade.3.  Easy to find when I needed to return my car. Easy checkout, and simple to get back the shuttle pickup.4.  The prices are good but it seems that the state of Arizona has found a nice cash-cow by gouging travelers with taxes. They pretty much double the overall rental price. This doesn't seem to be a Dollar thing, it was evident in all of the rental companies when I searched for cars.The cons:1.  Just the overall fees that doubled the price of the car is my only concern.
4	I'm not really sure why the rating on this place is so low--we had a really great experience. Granted, we had zero waiting and the attendant got us in and out quickly.We chose a moderate-sized vehicle and they told us to pick one out that we liked best, which we did. All in all, it was a great experience. The only reason for the four-stars is that our attendant wasn't very personable or overly polite, but that's being really nit-pickety. One thing to note about ALL rental calls for Phoenix Sky Harbor International is that they are located off-site in one main area. It's a really quick shuttle ride (3 minutes?) and they really keep you moving both from the airport and back again. We LOVED the shuttle drivers!
3	They were fine, but what stinks is the tax surcharges they add in when you rent a car from this airport ! If you're not running this thru an expense report, I'd suggest boycotting car rentals from Phoenix airport. Do any other airports charge an arm and a leg in taxes ?
