5	Great food, music, bar, and hookahs.  The fresh oven-baked pita is omazing and the kabobs are succulent.  This place also entertains with Argentine Tango, Salsa, DJs, Belly Dancing, and live music on different nights.  To top it off it's extremely affordable (yet classy) and convenient if you live close to ASU.   This is my new weekly destination.
5	I recently discovered Mijana while visiting the Goodwill that just opened up in the same nondescript strip mall.  I first saw it from across the parking lot and I walked over to investigate.  There were tables set up outside and a hookah bar next door.  A poster on the window of Mijana advertised belly dancing.  It looked like a cool place and I made a mental note to check it out soon.A few days later I found myself sitting across from my girlfriend in the spacious interior of Mijana.  This place is huge and a great deal of effort has been put into making it classy.  There is a large stage with a sound system that is superior to most of the rock clubs in this city.  When we were there a middle eastern band was tinkering around with their keyboards, stringed instruments and hand drums.  When they started paying later into our dinner I was pleasantly surprised.  They played middle eastern styled instrumental music that was not overbearing.  The food is awesome.  Pita bread is made on site and is light, warm and fluffy which is unlike the compressed dense pita that one gets at most mediterranean restaurants.  We were brought out an olive oil dip infused with herbs that went well with the pita.  For our dinner we ordered the fattouch salad, vegetarian plate and lamb kabob.The fattouch salad was amazing with its' lemony tart dressing and crispy pita pieces.  My dining companion commented that it may have been a bit salty, but it did not detract from the salad at all.The vegetarian plate was composed of falafel, hummus, tabouli, baba ganoush, dolmades, salad and a block of feta.  I think that the quality of hummus is always a good indicator of what the rest of the food will be like.  I dived right in with my pita and was impressed - it was light and creamy.  The Falafel were also excellent and tasted homemade as opposed to the mixes that other places use.   Usually I hate domades (stuffed grape leaves) - I've had too many bad ones in this town but these were really good.  Tabouli is also something that I am not usually too enthusiastic about but  Mijana's tabouli was fresh and delightful.  Everything on this plate was flavorful and made of excellent ingredients.  I've never sampled a feta so delectable.The lamb kabobs were tender and succulent with a subtle charred taste.  I usually don't eat lamb, but this made we want to eat more of our wool bearing friends.We really enjoyed our meal and hopefully will be back soon to check out some belly dancing.  Mijana has carved out an amazing space in this lonely strip of Tempe suburbia.
5	This is one of our favorite restaurants but it's not easily visible from Scottsdale Rd, so I worry that it won't get the attention it deserves.The place is one giant open room with a huge amount of tables, a stage for a band, and a floor for dancing. There are three massive circular areas for parties, two of which are raised. But you could also have a party at the long tables that are in the center of the floor. There is a full-service bar.Mijana is great for late night feasting and partying. They have Wednesday Salsa night. On other nights they have live bands and they bring in belly dancers. Men and ladies actually do get up and dance. The dance floor was packed the night we stayed there late enough for the dancing. The entertainment is scheduled to start around 9 but it doesn't usually get going until about 10, and they'll stay open as long as people want to party, usually until 1 or 2 am.The food is amazing! This is a vegetarian's paradise, though there is plenty of meat. I'm vegan, but one of our meat-eating groups of friends that we brought loved the food. We brought a second group of meat-eaters who didn't care for the meat so much. The vegetarian plates are all amazing. From my point of view, the meat plates look rather boring, but I'm not the one to rely on for a meat review...Our favorite dishes: 1) Moussaka - (eggplant with chickpeas, onions, green peppers, in an amazingly flavored sauce. AMAZING!2) Eggplant Rehab - this is an eggplant dip with pita, cucumbers, and tomatoes plus other flavors. It's got a gooey texture and I hear that some Americans are turned off by the look and feel of it, but it's so flavorful. It's one of my favorites. People should get over their fear of goo and try this. Yum.The pita is not like other pita you get at most places. It's the best. The hummus, babaganouj, falafal, and all the other vegetarian items are all so good. Vegans -- just make sure you tell them no tatsiki or feta cheese, etc.One of the unusual things about this place is that it really doesn't start buzzing until 10 pm. At 10:00, Lebanese families start flooding in and that's when the party begins. Until about 9 or 10, you are likely to be the only people in the restaurant and if you don't know to expect it, you'll be shocked to see the place suddenly on fire after 10.A couple other things: the owner is so friendly. He has never forgotten us since the first time we discovered his place. And the ambiance of the restaurant is great. It's very nice and there's a patio. The hookah vendor next door will even bring out the hookahs late at night on the weekends for you to smoke.We've come for a quiet meal as a couple, we've come to party for my birthday -- and also just to party -- and we've brought our children. It's always good.
4	I had heard that Mijana serves labneh, and so I decided to wander in...especially since I haven't been able to find labneh since I moved to the valley almost 4 years ago! They used to carry it at Trader Joe's but for some reason they stopped. Anyhow, I was unable to actually have a sit down experience but I stopped in and picked up a carry out. The restaurant itself is well equipped for entertainment, and it sounds like they have nightly events. My server was very friendly, and I was able to get my carry out quickly. I waited at the bar for a moment while they were putting the carry out together, and witnessed a discussion between the young bartender and two customers. The customers wanted a Crown Manhattan, and suffice it to say, the bartender did not display great knowledge of bartending. I definately hope to go back to Mijana and have  a full experience, their menu appears to be quite authentic and im always a fan of live entertainment.
4	Just had Dinner at Mijana and it was delicious as always. The staff was very accommodating as always and I always enjoy the atmosphere.
5	This place is a diamond in the rough.  They Bake pita bread for you on the spot and their dolmades are the best I've ever had by a long shot.  When I went in there was no one else in the resteraunt which concerned me at first but it must just not have ben discovered by very many people.  The staff was extremely pleasant and every part of my meal was delicious.  For those of you who don't know what lebanese food is or what it entails it's not super wild ethnic food that will keep you glued to the toilette its kabobs, hummus, things like that.  I am not a particularly adventurous eater and I loved everything I tried.  So I say try something new and you wont regret it.Recomend: dolmades,  kofta kabob
4	We took our friends out to dinner & chose this place off of yelp reviews. We were excited when we looked at the website promising belly dancing and live music and a Lamb Shank that falls off the bone. So the Lamb Shank lived up to the hype, but we were the only customers there for most of our visit, which actually made it kind of nice :) and no live entertainment. So we laughed out loud & enjoyed our friends. We tried the Quail hummus... delicious! I had the fattoush salad... the taste was good but the size of the veggies was not appealing to my mouth, I would prefer a more chopped friendly salad. My friends were happy with their choices which I tried & all the food was at a high standard of preparation. The authentic beer selection was terrible. The service was personable, very authentic & spicy ;) I liked the feel of the place, the owner was there & checked on us - he gave us coupons for the buffet & we are excited to go back for more. He also explained that they were packed through the holidays & decided to give the live entertainment some time off, but encouraged us to come back to check it out. Woohoo!  All in all, nice find!!
4	Friend Tish C. turned me on to this place, & that it has a BUFFET!!!     :-))     so we got an UYE group together consisting of Robyn N., Norm R., Mike C. & myself, & stormed the place.The "FIVESTARNESS":*  This is an unusual, delicious lunch buffet with adequate choices (I forgot to count them), offered with comfortable seating in a fairly large dining room.*  The food wasn't labeled, so I can't say what much of it was, but suffice it to say that everything was fresh & good, with an array of cold & hot items to enjoy.  Pocket pita bread, served at the table, was kept generously stocked & was suitable for inserting hummus & some of the other tastes from the serving area.The "NONFIVESTARNESS":*  Shortly after our arrival, loud Lebanese music began playing.  I requested a turn down & got it, but pretty soon someone turned it back up some again.*  The food wasn't labeled.*  Table service was good at the beginning, but fizzled out part way throughout our meal, & we had to hunt down the person to take our money when it was time to leave.Bottom line?  Good, fun place to have Lunch Buffet for $9.95, daily from 11 AM except Saturday.
4	We had a uye buffet lunch here today with Rand h, Norm R and Robyn N. and i can not think of to many other Lebanese restaurant to compare it to but I wish there was because even though I did not know a lot of the dishes I was eating I really enjoyed everything I tried. I look forward to going back on a different day to try some more of this delicious cuisine. So if your in the mood to try something a little different I would recommend  Mijana because YAY I am a fan.
4	This review is for Mijana's lunch buffet. I would recommend this to anyone who would like try Lebanese cuisine and get an opportunity to try several dishes in one sitting. The dishes are well presented and I found most of them to be very good. I do wish, though, that they would have labels for the different dishes, like some buffets do, with perhaps a brief phrase describing what each dish is; for instance: "Dolmades - vegetarian stuffed grape leaves."  Our group at the buffet UYE today  (Rand H., Mike C., Robyn N., and me) kept asking each other, "What do you think this is? ... What's in here?" because a lot of the dishes were unfamiliar, although they were really good. The service, while friendly, could be a bit more attentive. The restaurant is very spacious and seating is comfortable. Also, parking - which seems to be a problem in most other Mediterranean restaurants - is no problem here.
4	Just barely 4 stars and that's because the food was very good.Went here for the lunch buffet today with Rand H, Norm R and Mike C.  The buffet is small, but with lots of yummy stuff.  I only wish I knew what most of it was because nothing was labeled.  When we asked our waiter? what kind of soup, he said he didn't speak English but would go to the back and find out; it was lentil soup, and it was very good.   There was hummus, baba ghannoush and a couple other unknown dips to eat with the delicious homemade pita bread.  Check out Norm R's photos of the puffy pita pockets - they tasted as good as they looked!  There were stuffed peppers, chicken on the bone and a couple platters of red sauce - one had beans and an unknown meat - another had squash? with what seemed to be lamb meatballs.  I just wish they had some sort of dessert other than the canned fruit cocktail and some sort of pudding? that tasted good, but again, we had no idea what it was.  Baklava would have been the perfect ending to the meal.  The service was almost non existent, the music was a little too loud for lunch even after Rand asked them to turn it down a bit, and not only did we have to chase them down for our check, we actually paid standing at the waiter station.  I did check out their regular menu and while everything looks good, it seems a little pricey.  The lunch buffet was reasonably priced at $9.95.
3	I have had some pretty good Lebanese food in LA, and I was expected mouth-watering flavors and the tangy flavors of the cuisine.  I think I set such high expectations, but the food was still good nonetheless.  I would have to say the hummus was delicious.  The price was pretty reasonable, but I think some of the other entrees could have been seasoned with more Mediterranean flavors.
4	I was there for a meeting and arrived late (as usual) so I missed out on the fabulous looking buffet. BUT, I did try and have the Soup of the Day, which was lentil soup that day. Wow, what a great meal! And it was only $5! Big bowl of tasty soup that really hit the spot as the meeting was progressing and my tummy was aching for something warm and tasty. can't wait to go back and try the rest of the tasty treats.
1	I read that the service was poor, and, my fellow Yelpers, you don't lie.  We were greeted with a generous helping of silence, followed by disbelief when my friends tried to order off the menu for lunch.  I can't take them anywhere, but it was my fault, I know that they won't do a buffet.  So, after being told that it would take a while, we were informed that the gyro would not be coming.  After that, my friends watched me enjoy the buffet, which was followed by my friend who was now on a forced diet because his gyro didn't make it and me watching friend number two eat.  The food is actually good, and I love buffets, but I don't think we'll be going back.
3	I got takeout and I didn't even feel a slight tinge of homesickness or memories evoked by this place's food.Amazingly nice staff, fabulous service (they offered  me a drink while I waited and could not have been more courteous).However, what Arab salad doesn't have the crispy bread pieces?  Why was my lamb tough?  Where did you get this super thick pita bread?  Who taught you to make hummus?Save your money and go to Pita Jungle instead--other than hearing Arabic, I felt it was just as authentic as the cheaper option.  In fact, I'd go here if there weren't several other "pita jungle' type options in the area.PRO: they had the right pickles.  That counts for a lot.  If you want to hang out and smoke shisha, this is definitely your place.
5	Fantastic food and service was great.Had the home-made pita bread with the combo appetizer which contained some of the best Babaganoush, and Dolmas I've ever had in addition to the hands down best pita bread in town. It comes hot out of the oven. Also had some sort of oil sesame seed I don't know the name of which was really good.For the main course I had the lamb shank which was nice and soft and came off the bone and onto my rice. Yummy.The hookahs come from next door and they were good, and the coals were added regularly without having to ask for it.Service was great with everyone checking on us regularly.Decor isn't the greatest and has a ethnic-restaurant feel to it but I don't mind that.Live entertainment with Lebanese music, belly dancer next door, and people dancing was pretty nice.
5	Stopped by here on a Saturday night for dinner with friends.... and ended up staying like 4 hours!We ordered drinks, hookah, and dinner menu items.The food was delicious, and the homemade pita bread was outstanding.The hookah was delicious... but the real standout here was the service.Everytime I thought we may need new coals... BAM, there they were offering us new coals.  If we were close to being out of a drink, BAM, another drink would appear!They even brought over complimentary smoothie tastings, and gave us $10 off coupons for our next visit.After 9:30pm there was a live band that played inside and people danced on the dance floor, and there was a belly dancer performing on the patio!Loved loved loved it.
3	A friend invited me..she had a flyer for belly dancing lessons at 6pm .we met up there at 630.. And there was only the hostess /waitress/bartender and a couple other employees standing around .we sat and ordered a drink and hummus .waiting for the dancers ,and slowly after 7 they walked in. I met one Rosa very nice .she invited me to her studio on 7st and camelback.so the show consist of r&b ,reggae ton and country it was fun but I would have loved to see and hear middle eastern music. All and all I was entertained. The lamb kebobs were ok and beside me searching for are hostess at the bar. She was great.
3	dined here on february 25, 2011.the variety of food available at this buffet is a bit limited, but maybe this is just the nature of lebanese buffets. i believe the meats available were chicken and perhaps lamb tucked into some of the dishes. most everything is cooked in lots of oil. this place would be good for the paleo crowd, if they avoid the bean dishes. all the cooked dishes are kept in small pans, so everything is pretty fresh as the chef will continually restocks them when they run low.
3	The first half of the night gets a 5, the second half gets a 1...so all in all a 3. My bf and I dined here last night, and I have very mixed feelings. The first half was great, the second not so much. We got there early, around 5:45. There was only two other groups there and we were seated immediately. We planned to stick around for a couple hours to watch the show, so we tried a few appetizers. I have to say, it is hard to find a place that has good hummus and good falafel. It's usually one or the other. This place had the best I've ever had, and the pitas are delightfully fresh. We also had the baba ganoush, but that was not as blended as I usually like, there were still lots of seeds and it was a little slimy. Our first two rounds of Adios Amigos (adios motherf*ckers) were strong and yummy, just the way I like them. Around 6:30 they started to get busier, as people were arriving for the show (second Sunday of the month is Bollywood style dancing). Another waitress came in but that was still only 2 servers for everyone. It took more that 20 minutes before we could flag down one of them so we could order our meals and another drink. The last drink, I'm pretty sure they made with double rum and no tequila. Blech! Once we got our food I was a little surprised because I didn't think stuffed zucchini would be a chilled dish. Turns out it's not, my food was just cold, and I don't mean room temp I mean fridge cold. She takes it make, microwaves it for about 30 seconds and brings it back. My meal tasted like they took Uncle Ben's spanish rice and stuffed it in some zucchini. He had the beef shwarma, and said it was so-so. The entertainment was great, and our waitress was very helpful before other people started showing up. We might go back another night for more appetizers and to see a show or we may try the lunch buffet.
2	One server, one cook, one guy making bread. Had a Groupon so didn't do the buffet. Ordered two dips and had to ask for more bread. Also had to flag down server to order drinks. A wait for our meals and not much meat that was dry and overcooked. Maybe dinner or the buffet is better but having been to that part of the world and had that food, I wasn't impressed enough to be back. My Groupon was for $40 so when I got my bill and it said a discount for less and the amount I figured I owed wasn't the same as what I was told, I asked the server. She said she couldn't help me because the owner did the bill and she couldn't fix it. Seriously? Not good!
5	We moved to the area recently and have planned to visit Mijana many times, but only made it out tonight. We arrived just after they opened for dinner, so it was pretty empty except for a birthday party by the stage area.The waitress was attentive and had drinks and food for us very quickly.I'm a freak about hummus and make my own pretty regularly, so I know what I like. The hummus here was absolutely wonderful; a good traditional creamy hummus.The first batch of pita that came with it was nothing special, but the second batch was wonderful. It was hard to believe these came from the same kitchen, but I'm glad we asked for more.My wife had the lamb shank dinner and I had the Kofta kebab, and we both agreed that our meat was delicious, but the rice was spectacular. The salad that came with the meal is always like garnish to me; good but nothing special and certainly not the star of the meal.If I have the chance I may come back for the lunch buffet, but the dinner was great, even if a little expensive. For the lamb it seems appropriate, but kofta/kefta always seems like it should be cheaper than it is.Hummus: 5/5Pita: 4/5 (second serving was much better)Lamb shank dinner: 5/5 Kofta kebab: 5/5Service: 5/5Clean: 5/5
5	Mijana is amazing especially on a Tuesday night! I was recently the musical guest for the Cotton Club Comedy show which takes place at Mijana every Tuesday night at 8:30. I am a bit of a picky eater so different cultural foods I sometimes shy away from. I ordered the Chicken Kabob and was delightfully pleased with how wonderful it tasted. The chicken was grilled to perfection and the rice, salad, and pita bread which came along with the meal were also very tasty as well as extremely fresh. I will be returning soon to try some of the other dishes and to catch the live belly dancing!
5	I'm not gonna lie- I'm easy to please, but Mijana is a cut above.Over the past year I've made a conscious effort to try independent, local businesses with greater frequency, and I've come across some real treasures.  Mijana is a shining example of this.I've been to Mijana several times, and it's because of a combination of service and taste.  The very first time I came in was on a Sunday afternoon, and I hadn't the foggiest idea of many of the items I was trying.  The waitress actually took me up to the buffet after my lunch, and walked me through everything I had just tried.  I enjoyed everything but the baba ghanouj, and that was an issue of texture rather than taste- I've never cared much for eggplant anyways.Honestly, I've never tried anything but the buffet, and part of that is because I have a huge appetite.  It's not a 50-dish ensemble, but man, the 20 or so items on there are swell.The pita bread is made on-site, and quite frankly is the best I've ever had- light, fluffy, and warm.I plan on dining here many more times in the future, as I just genuinely enjoy it so much.
1	Food took forever to arrive and when it did, it was a disappointment. Salad was quite sour, and the grill meats was dry and didn't have much flavor to it. Didn't seem like much food, but the bill sure was a surprise!! The only interesting thing they have is belly dancing and salsa dancing for the night.
4	Sadly, Mijana has discontinued the weekday Lunch Buffet, so I won't be returning.     :-(
4	Delicious food...I enjoyed the hummus with homemade, tasty pita and the kofta kebab.  It was fantastic!Convenient location in north Tempe/south Scottsdale.  Reasonably nice interior and friendly staff.
3	Not too shabby I guess.  I wasn't too impressed with the food here.  I ordered the beef shawarma not too sure what it really was.  The hummus was pretty good along with my pita bread.  However, that wasn't the main meal. The beef was pretty dry along with the dry bed of rice.  Needless to say, I needed some water!  I must give them kudos for the sangria. It looked pretty cloudy at first, but when you take the first sip....oh yeah it's good! Service is pretty good and and fast.  I appreciate the belly dancing show and the floor turns into a salsa dancing fest during the evening.  I've danced here many times and it's pretty good since there's actually room for you to move around.  However, ventilation is rough....sweat! - Enjoy
3	my first lebanese food experience was on a weeknight.  There were plenty of tables available and I was encouraged to see a number of the people seated appeared to be lebanese (don't hate me for the racial profile assumption on my part). The main dining area surrounds a stage & dance floor.  Along the back wall is a full service bar & buffet.  But the buffet was empty when we arrived (perhaps its only used at lunch??)The server was very friendly & helpful and I suspect she was an owner based on her interactions with some of the guests.  (another assumption)we ordered Fatayer which is a hot appetizer, spinach pies in philo which my companion loved.for our entrees we had stuffed zucchini (stuffed with rice) and Mousaka (eggplant in a tomato sauce) which surprised me by being a bit spicy.The fresh pita bread was complimentary and DELICIOUS. Made fresh there at the restaurant, it was soft and hot and I could have eaten it and the rice pilaf alone as my meal they were both that good.Next time we go will be on a Saturday evening.  They have belly dancers after 7pm.
4	I was a guest of a friend who was hosting a family style dinner on Arabian night which included live traditional Arabic/Iraqi music and belly dancers.  I will start by saying although I was a guest; I was made to feel just like part of the family and was told I was going to have a great time, which I most certainly did. Our evening started with an Arabic serenade and the tempo progressed throughout the evening. Our dinner was family style so I didn't order off the menu which I was perfectly fine with. The Lebanese dinner included a salad, piles of pita bread, hummus, babaghanouj, dipping oils, a fried appetizer platter, Beef/ Chicken Shawarma and rice.  I enjoyed all the food and the host ensured my plate was constantly replenished which was a welcomed gesture.  I devoured every helping.   During dinner we were entertained by belly dancers who captivated the entire restaurant.  These dancers were quite talented and had everyone out of their seat dancing and throwing handfuls of money at them. It was magical. Aside from the great entertainment, I was pulled out to the dance floor and participated in a traditional group dance- everybody was dancing in their traditional belly dancing style.  I had no reservations showing off my best Shakira inspired "hips don't lie" moves.  I fit right in.  After the dance, we all took a break to enjoy some Hookah out on the patio provided by Hookah Mania which is hip hookah lounge located next door.This wasn't a dream. It really happened.
1	I went there recently for an event that had over 130 people.  The event leader said she had told the owner far in advance of the event and of the amount of people.  The service was predictably slow, but I mean reaaaaaallllllyyyyyy slow.  They only had 2 servers, yes 2.  We had to get up and get the server, get our own water and drinks at the bar they were so overwhelmed.  This is OK at an Arbys, but not at a restaurant.  My rating isn't for the servers, they did their best to keep up, my rating is for the owner who really didn't care.
1	If only the food and service matched the looks!  While it looks plain from the outside, Mijana is large and open inside, combining a fairly casual atmosphere with near fine dining visual appeal.  If I was basing this review on the look of restaurant alone, with its tall ceilings and long family-style tables, it would certainly get a 5 star rating!HOWEVER, Mijana is probably the most over-priced and over-rated restaurant in the entire area!With Middle Eastern and Mediterranean food not as popular as Italian and Asian fare, many of Mijana's close competitors shut their doors in response to these tough financial times and I can only guess that this lack of options/alternatives is responsible for Mijana receiving any positive reviews at all!I have eaten here 4 times.  Twice I went with family, two other times I went with friends to see one of the weekend evening dance specials that people I know were performing in.  While I commend Mijana for supporting local dance talent, the restaurant's primary concern should be supporting the paying patrons!  After 2 tries, my immediate family refuses to return and my friends, except for the ones dancing, have not been back!Each of the 4 times I have gone, the service has become more and more dispicable and the food has only become less and less edible.  The reheated pans of low-grade and truly off-tasting ingredients at the buffet only seem like a "bargain" for the price until you actually try it.  What doesn't get eaten one night seems to get reheated for the next night's dinner service and the next, etc...The food off the regular menu is way overpriced in relation to the quality that ends up on your plate.  The dishes are unoriginal and, despite the fact that the stereotypical Mediterranean/Middle-Eastern fare should be predictable, the only thing you can count on is that it's bland and will probably be cold to the touch by the time the server finally brings it to your table!The waitstaff is almost always insufficient (a cost-cutting measure by a greedy owner?) with only 2 servers (if you're lucky) working most weekend dinner services.  Speaking of service, it is consistently the slowest I've ever experienced at any restaurant.  Additionally, food items do not arrive together (members of my group were often served at different times and TWICE we didn't get bread for our Hummus appetizer until AFTER we completed the main courses, even though we made the server aware) and that's just the start!  Bringing any issues to the attention of the floor manager simply results in a dismissive attitude and no results...if he is in a GOOD mood!  When he's not, he'll treat you like a dog.  The way my mom and I were spoken to when we asked about drinks (after a 25 minute wait at the table without even water to sip on) was appalling!  And, the servers could care less.  They don't "serve", but they sure don't hesitate to express their upset when the tip is lacking.  You will not leave feeling even remotely appreciated or valued as a customer, I guarantee it!If you do decide to dine at Mijana, prepare yourself for a long, expensive night of substandard food and the worst customer care in the Valley!  Unless your friend is dancing there that night or you want to torture your most hated in-laws, do yourself a favor and go somewhere else...anywhere else!
2	Service is very poor and very slow (may be acceptable in the middle east, but not in the US). Home made pita bread and appetizer were good. Main dish was very mediocre. The food is overpriced (they need to cover the cost for live music). We went there because of groupon coupons. There are many good restaurants in Scottsdale with excellent food and good service that I will enjoy, so no need to go back to mijana.
3	A little mixed. I have been here twice. First time-great service and I thought the food (beef and chicken shwarmas) were excellent. Second time there was during the friday night belly dancing. Service was slow. Restaurant wasn't that busy, but everyone looked in the weeds. Got the chicken kabobs and first thought was that there wasn't a lot of chicken. It was very good tasting, just seemed like a small portion in comparison to the shwarma. I'll give the place another try and see how it goes....
4	Saw the Groupon for Lebanese food and thought we'd check it out.  We had the lamb kabobs, falafel and a salad.  Everything tasted very good and the portions were huge.  Me and my friend couldn't get enough of the pickled beets!  The service was friendly, a couple of people came out to see how we were enjoying our meal.  I would definitely stop by again!
4	Here's the quickie run down:Lentil Soup - AmazingHummous - AmazingPita Bread - Baked onsite... AmazingFalafel - amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Kibbe - don't even usually like this.... amazing.  All this they made for me right before closing... they rock.   Can't comment on the service but when you see amazing lebanese food... you just gotta go no matter what.  Stop reading and start driving!
1	Horrible service... A dinner that should have only been about an hour or so took forever... Servers were very rude... drinks were not maintained... Food took forever... the music was so loud for the dancers and for the in-between time that my husband and I could not even talk to each other...  the live dancers were hmmm so so... and being from Dearborn MI ( the 2nd largest middle eastern community in the world other than the middle east) I think I know Arabic or middle eastern food... the food is nothing to write home about... save your self the time and belly ache and go to haji baba in Tempe  on main... http://www.yelp.com/biz/haji-baba-tempe this place knows Arabic.. In fact the cook is from Michigan
3	Ordered delivery from here 3 times. The drivers and staff I've talked to have been very friendly, but as others have stated, I found the service to be dreadfully slow on 2/3 of my orders. As for the food, I really enjoyed it when it arrived. The fresh pita was great, and the rest of the food was good enough to order again. However, if I ever wanted Mijana again I would be traveling to the restaurant, rather than ordering delivery.
1	I went for happy hour. There is a sign in front of the restaurant that claims appetizers are 1/2 price. They charged full price. When I pointed this out, my waitress said, "The sign is old." She then took $4 off the bill, meant that one of the three dishes I had as 1/2 priced. This is simply dishonest business.This is sad because I liked my meal. The quail and ful medames were very good and the kibbe was also good. The basket of pita was hot and fresh. Up until I got my check, I was satisfied.To be fair, the manager did throw a gift card at me on my way out. A nice, if hollow, gesture (even with the gift card, I still paid more than the advertised price). I won't go back to a place that promises one price, charges another, then uses lame excuses to cover up their dishonesty. This wasn't just one bad waiter, the entire staff was dishonest.
5	Authentic and delicious Lebanese food. Great ambiance and full bar. We'll be back to catch the live music and belly dancers on Saturday night.  The buffet was a great deal with a wide selection including vegetarian options and dessert.
4	Yelped for buffets in the northern Tempe area and spotted this place being a short ride away...Arrived about 7pm and they were just about to get the last few hot dishes out for the buffet. The place was fairly empty and I was greeted by the owner and a lovely hostess before being seated near a window. The atmosphere was looking good and you can tell this place can go nuts with the dancer's and music other yelpers mention.The buffet had a full line-up of Mediterranean cold dips (Tzatziki,  Babaganoush, Hummus, etc..) to accompany a salad bar, and another section for very flavorful hot dishes such as eggplant, roasted chicken legs/wings, meatballs with peppers/onions/potatoes, aromatic lamb shank on rice, cous-cous, rice with lentils, and a tasty vegetable tomato-based stew. For dessert I tried a sort of cold pudding that was adorned with crushed pistachios - very tasty!Very happy with the meal here (any buffet with lamb has my vote), but I might hold off until a special event night where I can entertain a date or party for the $16 price tag. I would also suggest coming in early on a slow night as the owner would have little reason to keep everything topped up with an empty house (and the lamb goes fast!)
4	This rating is based on having the buffet and a sangria. Wanted to get the buffet in order to sample a little bit of several things the restaurant offers. Wasn't sure what everything was, but nearly everything was delicious. This was an impromptu dinner out with the girls, and one of us ordered the grill chicken kebab (I think)....this was some of the juciest, most delicious chicken ever! They were starting free salsa lessons as we were finishing up, and we're thinking about going returning just for the drinks and the salsa lessons. Oh, and not to forget the pita bread. It is so fresh and delicious! If you barely like sangrias, make sure to order theirs. This is how a sangria should be made. Wonderful and will definitely return!
1	My friend took me out here and we had both heard some good things about it. At the end of the night, he was apologizing to me for how awful the food and service was. We're both Middle Eastern and about the only thing we liked about this place is the atmosphere, which is the only reason I'm giving them 2 stars, I'm being generous! The Food was too expensive, and we had to flag down what seemed to be the only waiter there twice to get our food after waiting over 45 minutes. The food tasted awful and old. Tasted like it was just thawed out and cooked which made it really dry. The entertainment; the belly dancer looked tired and danced like it was a chore that she couldn't wait to finish and only went to tables where most of the drunk guys who were throwing the money at her. Music was way too loud so we had to scream at each other. Never going back there again.
4	groupon NOW!!! we've never tried this place but a friend was coming into town and requested "some sort of ethnic food" so we headed over to Mijana. it was very sparse inside...a little eerie. but we were seated quickly and our drink orders were taken. i opted for a vodka limeade and it was very sour....i liked it alot!i ordered a lentil dish, and the wife and friend ordered a tomato lentil dish. i thought both dishes were very tasty and the side of tzeziki (sp?) was very cucumbery-creamy. the side of pita bread was warm and delicious and i thought overall the meal was quite enjoyable. there were belly dancers there, but i like to eat in relative peace when i'm out with the wife so it was a bit distracting. i thought the prices were reasonable and there are plenty of options for non-meat eaters.
4	I'm always a little skeptical when I walk into a restaurant on a Friday or Saturday night and it's almost empty. That's never a good sign. However, Mijana proved to be a great new place for tasty, ethnic food that has lots of vegetarian options. My husband ordered a spiced lentil dish and I got the vegetarian moussaka. Both came with some rice and a side salad. I really enjoyed my meal and even ate the leftovers for breakfast the next morning!Service was friendly, but since I only saw one server, and maybe one trainee, it got a little sparse once a large birthday group was seated next to our table. I had a hard time getting water refills and had to wait quite a while for the missing tzatziki that should have come with my dinner. Belly dancing entertainment livened up the place and apparently there was going to be salsa lessons later that night. Decent prices for the portion sizes. Oh, and the bread and dipping sauce they brought at the beginning of the meal was amazing!
3	A friend invited me out to their belly dancing show on a Friday night, so off we went. There was the option of the dinner buffet or ordering off of the menu, but I wasn't too hungry so I just got an order of pita bread and hummus. For our group of 6 people, service was off and on. After we got our food, I don't think our server came by until we were ready for the check. The pita was okaaaaaaay, have had better. The show was great though, and everyone else's food looked and smelled really good so I'd definitely give them another try.
4	I attended on a Sunday night to watch a belly dance performance. The restaurant was nearly empty, but based on Yelp reviews I ordered my food ASAP. I was seated quickly, but the wait for service was long, the appetizer took forever to come out, as did my wine and entree, but the food is delicious. The belly dancing was entertaining, and while the restaurant feels more banquet hall, than intimate dining, I enjoyed it.
4	Craving Arab food tonight amd this was the closest to my hotel. Beautiful inside, love the decor. Table cloths , cloth red napkins, dim lighting. They played traditional music, not too loud or overpowering. Full bar. Next door to a hookah lounge which is nice. Friendly service. The food was yumm. Over all, I would return.
4	Was expecting a buffet, but they no longer have it. Ordered from the menu, food was good.
3	I love the food here, but that's all I can really review about it positively. The service has never been fantastic, and i've come here quite a bit. I'm not sure if they are still serving RC Cola as the fountain drink, but that's just weird. The meals are a bit pricey in comparison to the other arabic restaurants out here. But hey, at least the owner is a nice guy!
2	Good food, lousy service. The employees are nice (at least the ones I met), but if you come here be prepared to 1) not have your food for an hour and, 2) drink very slowly as you will get a refill maybe once.What was so weird about the service is that the place was practically empty and it STILL took forever. Later it filled to the brim as there was a belly dance performance, but the service stayed the same from the full hour of emptiness to the hour of being packed.Mijana seems to rely on the other things it does (like the belly dances) for people to come in because the food, while very good, was not good enough to justify the prices they charge nor get the incredibly slow service they provide.Essentially, if you're going just for the food, there are better options.
4	been here twice, had the sampler for 2 both times, great value, great food.
4	The atmosphere was lively, yet unpretentious. Staff was attentive as was the friendly owner. The entertainment is phenomenal and the food is excellent. I don't have one negative comment on this place, I love it!
4	Here Friday nights could be noisy for you, if you hate dance and music. Food is fresh and tasty. The PITA is AWESOME!
4	Loved the food!  Great happy hour specials and our waitress was terrific!  Their homemade pitas are the best in town!  The vegetarian platter...yum!  I hear they have evening entertainment...we will be back!
5	Ordered takeout from them last night and all I can say is "woooow". This has been an eye opening exerience and a real treat. I may just convert to Islam if all of their food is as good as Mijana's take on Lebanese! jk jkIn all reality, my husband and I were sufficiently pleased with our order and will definitely be ordering from them again!ORDER:Chicken Shawarma Platter: 5/5 - Hubby ordered this and hoooooly God er... Allah, this... This was fantastic. I stole a bit off his plate in order to satisfy my curiosity because I'm a Shawarma nut and am trying to find awesome shawarma to lure my Israeli friend out to the desert from New York with. This might just do it. There's definitely a bit of a kick with it and it's sincerely tasty. Hubby was extremely happyLentil Soup: 3/5 - Arrived cold and was a little on the bland side. Nothing a microwave and salt couldn't fix Love the cheese in it. Very interesting.Greek Salad: 5/5 - YUUUUUUM!!! They LOADED it with feta and tons of dressing and a huge amount of veggies. They definitely didn't skimp on their salad unlike most places! Kofta Kebab: 4/5 - This is something I've never tried before. Anywhere.... But I seriously appreciated the spice notes and juiciness of this grilled treat. It went GREAT with the sauce and the rice... Lord have mercy I may need to trade in my southern roots for more of this lemon spice rice. Baklava: 5/5 - So amazing. Love the tons of crushed pistachios on this AND these were FREE!!!Pitas: 5/5 - Woooow open them up for a perfect pocket to stuff your noms in.Service: 5/5 - Super fast and the driver as a real doll. All in all? 5/5 and I WILL be going back!
5	Lunch menu on Friday.Ordered: Hummus/Tabouleh/Babganoush Appetizer - $9, everyone's favorite dish.  Really great value, tons of food.  Comes with unlimited hot, fresh pitas.  The hummus and tabouleh were very tasty. Gyro w/ Fries - $7, Good, not amazing.Beet and Lentil Salad - $11, very good.  Lots of lentils, tasty dressing. Moussaka - $10, good, very filling.Stuffed Zuchinni - $10, very good.  Perfect flavoring, simple, hints of lemon.Groupon $20 for $10 made this priced right, otherwise it would've been a bit much.  Women's restroom is very clean and pretty with candles and decorations.There was SO much food.  I had to dig deep to try to make it look respectable, mostly from the appetizer, it just never ended.We were the only ones in the restaurant the entire time.  It made for excellent service.  Server was very nice and professional despite the emptiness.
3	If you crave Mediterranean food and happen to be in the area I recommend it. However I didn't like the venue. As for the food, the hummus had this strange peanut taste but the falafel was okay. Babaganoush was pretty good too.
3	I'd never tried Lebanese food, so I was excited about this place.  I had a kebab sampler and it all seemed very Greek -- the pita, the hummus, the Taziki, etc. I felt it was a bit overpriced as well; and the belly dancing was a bit loud and annoying.
4	We went here with friends last Saturday, 7/27 for the second time.  They know and are friends with the owner.  He helped us order and we got quite the spread - Beirut Special, Vegetarian Platter, Kofta kebabs, lamb shank, and makanek.  I've never liked babaghanouj before I had it at Mijana.  It was so, so, so good!  Tabbouleh was also great and pita bread with zatar was also good. The food was fantastic, but the service left much to be desired.  The lamb shank and kebabs came out lightening fast - making me concerned about the kitchen and how prepared it was before we ordered it.  Then it was a good 15 minutes before the rest of the food came out.  We had to ask twice for the pita bread, and my water was empty more often than full.  The waitress had a "greater than tho" attitude and was not very friendly.  They often have live entertainment and/or dances,  Last Saturday was no exception, but the gal that danced when we first got there wasn't great.  If I could, I'd give 2 stars for service and 4 for food.  Hurray for authentic Lebanese food and an ethnic experience in what can be a rather dull and homogenic restaurant scene.
2	2.5 stars. Homemade Pita bread is delicious and left me with high expectations for the rest of the food which left something to be desired. I have been twice, once with a large group and once it was just me and my woman. The service: When I came with the large group the food service was poor as plates came out at various times with about an hour gap amongst people who ordered at the same time. When it was just two of us, everything as ok.The food:  Have had two vegetarian plates the moussaka and the couscous and both were overpriced for the quality of the food. Vegetables were definitely out of a can and was something I could have made at home for about $1.50, which is unacceptable for a 12 dollar veggie meal. It is not that expensive to grill up some fresh vegetables and increases the quality of the meal substantially. Also had the lentil soup, which was tasty and not bad for $5, but it might have been from a can as well, just harder to tell with a soup.. You are likely not going to get what you pay for in food quality but the atmosphere is nice. If you are looking for some good flavorful ethnic food try GOJO Ethiopian on Thomas, you will not be disappointed.
5	I moved to Arizona 2 years ago and finally I found Mijana best Lebanese food ever in Arizona I go over there 3 times a week,I love it.
5	Great foodLarge portionsFresh. Pita bread is so outrageously good Kind caring people.
1	We had never been to this restaurant before, but it was highly recommended by some of our Arab friends. Several people at our group bough a Groupon for this first experience. Service was mediocre, i expected much more for the price, the waitress took a very long time to come take our order (there were only three other tables in the entire restaurant.) I looked at an empty glass of water numerous time, and when we asked about dessert the waitress told us that we could get up and go look at the display! Food was delicious though, I'll give the kitchen staff that much.  When it came time too pay, the waitress took the first bill along with the groupon, charged it and then proceeds to tell the rest of our party that she can only accept one Groupon per table. So, not only did I pay for the Groupon, I also paid for the full price of the meal! The food might've been delicious, but it is not worth the terrible service. Will never go back to this establishment an will not recommend it to anyone else.
3	My first dinner experience with Mijana was not the best and I probably won't be going back to try any other dishes. When I walked in, the place had an odd mild chemical smell that I couldn't recognize. Not bad enough to make me leave, but it definitely didn't smell appetizing. My server brought me ice water and complimentary pita bread with zaatar.I ordered the lamb kabob which came with rice, a small side salad, several pickle spears, and some yogurt. My disappointment began with the salad, which consisted of tomatoes, cucumbers, and romaine lettuce.The tomatoes in the salad had a slightly mushy texture, like they'd been refrigerated for too long. There is no excuse for mushy tomatoes ever, but especially during the summer months. I tried the rice which was saffron colored and decorated with a few strands of chopped noodles. The rice was unremarkable and tasted like it had been parboiled. The lamb had flavor, but was extremely tough. Even after cutting the lamb into tiny pieces, it was embarrassingly difficult to chew. My bill came to $17 and change. I gave my waitress $20, and she never brought me my change. To be fair, she might have brought my change at some point, but it was clearly not her priority as she ran around doing other things. No complaints about the belly dancer.
5	So I'm driving down Scottsdale Rd with my girlfriend and she says she's hungry. The driveway to Mijana was 10 feet in front of me so I whipped in. This place was great. I loved the decor. The music was festive. I loved the wide open dining area. We decided to spit the combo for 2. Luckily my girlfriend is gluten free so I got to eat all the pita bread. It was delicious. It was so warm and crispy and airy and....I'm drooling just thinking about it. The food was spectacular. I'd recommend this place to anyone who wants an affordable good meal.
4	I purchased a Groupon for this place on a whim the night before. Twenty dollars of Lebanese food for ten dollars? Yes please!I wasn't sure what to expect. We went for lunch, which must be their slow time. The ambience is definitely more for a nighttime group outing. There's a sound stage and posters for belly dancing and tango. Also, the hookah lounge next door seems to be at least brothers with this restaurant. I was deforest underdressed had I gone for dinner. Maybe because the empty restaurant, the staff (possibly the family that owns Mijana?) was very attentive. The handmade fluffy pita kept coming, which was good, because it took two of us three rounds of bread to finish off the hummus, babaghanouj, and tabbouleh plate. I ordered the lentil soup, which just tasted like autumn (that's a GREAT thing). My boyfriend had no complaints about the beef shawarma plate. I wish I had had room for some baklava for dessert!4/5 stars: I'd like to see if this amazing food and service is kept up at night.
3	We dropped by here for lunch because of the groupon deal they were offering. Nothing special, really. The pita bread is great, but my shawarma platter  was 'meh'. The waitress took forever and then screwed up out bill, had to call her manager, etc, so basically that groupon deal cost us 20 minutes. Otherwise, its decent and reasonably priced.
5	I purchased the yelp deal $10 for $20. My girl friend and I decided we get some dinner then head out to old town for some fun. We arrived around 9 hoping to leave by 10p.m. 10:30 the latest. We didn't end up leaving until 12:30a.m. We had such a great time. I absolutely love this place! Upon arrival we were seated very quickly, menus distributed, and we were explained the entertainment for the evening. Our server Maria was the best! I was so appreciative of the time she spent with us. Explaining their different nights, country, salsa/tango, belly dancing and review the menu. She was very attentive. I love the hookah bar next door. Hookah, music, food, and belly dancing! The service was amazing. The food was delicious, and the entertainment a blast! I will definitely be returning!
5	First trip, and can't wait to come back! Tried this place on a Groupon and sold! Everything I have ordered I have enjoyed.  The atmosphere makes it great for a date or even a group.  I recommend you try it.
1	Just left there. This place is a complete joke. We were a group that ordered three hookahs, food, and tea. Two people were leaving earlier so they paid cash and left. Upon trying to pay the rest of the check we are told that the other two hadn't paid. I asked a few foundational questions. Do you give receipts for cash transactions? Answer... No. Do you have a camera over your cashiers? Answer... No. The owner comes and is flat out yelling and accusing our friends of not paying. Not only is the hookah terrible but the service lacks professionalism. After 20 minutes of me trying to verify that the payment was made they realize that the 30 dollars was credited to another check by THEIR employee. How about you train your workers to be organized. You begin giving receipts. And your "owner" learns to calmly handle the situation without being rude and disrespectful. I will never be going back and will ensure my friends don't either.
1	Came back here for Eid with my family, and being such a normal customer I was expecting the food to be as stellar as usual. Unfortunately it wasn't that, at all. The kibbeh was cold inside(as if it was frozen then nuked in the microwave). The beef shawarma was burnt, the fatooush didnt have any salt in it. The chicken shawarma was stale, and the garlic dip had no hint of garlic in it. Truly depressing, and I looked like a fool talking so highly about this place. To let them serve us all of this "food" was unfortunate,  it makes lebanese cuisine look bad.
4	I enjoyed the food and it was very filling especially for the price I got from Groupon $10 for $20. The waiter was not very good though as the place only had a few people in it and I ended up having to ask for the dip for the pita bread, did not refill my glass of water for some time and soda also. Otherwise I enjoyed the chicken and beef shawarma very much and would go back regardless of the inexperienced waiter, perhaps it was his first day.
5	I have eaten at Mijana a number of times and they all have been great experiences! I have grown up with my mom's home cooked Lebanese dishes my whole life and this food was still great! The appetizer sampler was excellent, as was the chicken shawarma plate my father ordered. An added bonus was the Al Maza beer (Lebanese beer) my father and I ordered! Great atmosphere for dinner, with music and a belly dancer.
5	Great Chicken Soup!
2	If this review was based solely on the food, I would have given it 4 stars, but the entire experience, unfortunately ruined my view of the place.  Waiter was new - thats fine, I understand that he brought the wrong wine and wasn't sure what my sauces were when I inquired.  My problem is that bringing in a $25 off coupon from restaurant.com cost us an extra 15 minutes waiting for someone to figure out how to apply it, then doing it for the wrong amount, and then fixing it and applying it again.  Four days later and I've still got two charges for the cost of dinner pending on my account.  I called and spoke to a manager who informed me "this is how the payments have to be done with coupons".  So I assume if I had brought cash and owed $35 I would have had to leave $70 and could go pick up half of it after 5 days?  Whatever.  Honestly without the coupon I think $16 - $20 is way too much for a plate of chicken and rice, no matter how tasty.  Shame.
4	The service was friendly and attentive but not overbearing. Food was very authentic Lebanese, we lived in Arabia and traveled the area so are quite familiar with the food. Sish tawak and kafta kabobs were excellent. They make their own pita to order so is fresh and hot out of the oven. We will make the trip to the East valley again for dinner.
5	Best pita bread and zatar. Excellent food. Our first waitress was not very attentive and not friendly. The  second one that took over was much better. Good entertainment too.
5	"Oh, our happy hour starts later because Wednesdays are hip hop night."  Well, OK then.  It was a weird experience at Mijana, but I thought the food was first rate.I started with Lebanese beer named Alamaza.  It was a refreshing pilsner like a Heineken or a Carlsberg.Fresh baked pita are served to the table with zatar, a dried herb and oil dipping sauce.  The pita had that homemade softness and yeasty flavor.  It wasn't chewy or sweet like store bought.  The zatar had a subtle flavor but a lot of aroma, smells that reminded me of my trips to the Middle East.Hold off on pita refills because more come with dinner.  We ordered the shawarma combo for two, except it may as well have been a shawarma combo for 8.  It came on a big platter with hummus, rice, and a lightly dressed salad.  We had leftovers for days.  (I wish there was more hummus... we actually finished that.)  The chicken was better than the beef, which was a little tough.  Both were flavorful.  The rice had a light seasoning, but didn't overwhelm the meat.Service was slow, but not inordinately slow.  Without any complaining, they comp'd us a free slice of chocolate cake.The place has a large bar on one end, a stage on the other, and about as many tables and chairs as you can fit in between, all in neatly arranged rows.  It seems like they use it for receptions because they do.  They also have a night dedicated to salsa dancing, one for salsa dancing, and I'm forgetting one or two others.  They also have belly dancers on some nights... there's a lot going on at Mijana.
3	We decided to try this place out since they offered the yelp check-in deal. The pita bread & dip they brought out before our meal was a tasty start. The waitress was pleasant & came out with drinks. I ordered the chicken shwarma platter as it was recommended to us. The chicken was really tasty & well-cooked and the rice wasn't too bad. Personally, I could've done without the salad. The waitress again came by and brought out a platter with dessert options. We ordered one which took way too long to come out and wasn't anything to rave about. Overall, it was an ok meal.
4	Purchased a Groupon for this visit and we definitely got our monies worth. Service was excellent! The manager stopped by our table a few times to make sure we were enjoying ourselves. Food was delicious and came out in a timely manner. Hummas was smooth and the pita bread was hot and puffy! Beef schwarma was incredible!! We bought Baklava and another dessert to go. The other dessert has 4 cheese layers and a sweet syrup on top. Very good but burnt on the top. Only 4 stars because there was no belly dancing as stated on their website. Manager and waitress could not explain why either. We will be coming back and hopefully get to experience the belly dancing.
4	My hubby and I went here tonight for dinner and it was wonderful! Good food, great service,  and fun belly dancer show. We will def be going back!!!
5	Was delicious.  I got delivery so I cant speak for the service or the atmosphere but the food was phenomenal. This was my first time trying Lebanese food and I enjoyed it. The pita bread and hummus are some of the best I've had.
4	the menu was not having good looking and the prices are pretty high. I didn't shock about prices because the Lebanese cuisine is one of the most expensive cuisines in my home Kuwait. Before I went to this restaurant I was expecting certain types of Lebanese dishes such as hummus, tabouleh salad and my favorite lamb shank with rice. In my first visit to this restaurant I ordered these 3 dishes. The hummus was as an appetizer; it was perfect and got the traditional Lebanese hummus taste. The second appetizer was tabouleh salad, it was good but not perfect because it was not contain a good amount of lemon taste. The main and the last dish was my favorite lamb shank with rice. The lamb shank was extremely delicious because the lamb was very juicy and cooked perfectly but the rice was not that good. Overall the quality of food is perfect and taste original in my opinion.
2	This place had mediocre food and even worse service. The pita sandwich was pretty much just lettuce and tomato, and the side fries were soggy and unappetizing. The meat that came with the kabob and shawarma was dry and chewy. Fortunately, the fresh pita and hummus was delicious.The service was extremely slow. We waited more than 20 minutes at a time just to order or ask for a check. The server kept forgetting our order and had to retake it multiple times.
5	ok, ok...so for the first 30 minutes we had fun with the name of this restaurant...but then we simmered down and got down to some serious eating business.We went with another couple on a Saturday night at 6pm. Ambiance - The place was packed with a huge party, but that just made the atmosphere fun! There was background music and a couple belly dancers.....We were seated in a private booth and could engage in conversation with no problems.I grew up in Australia with Lebanese family friends and was privy to delight in authentic Lebanese food at family events,  so I am familiar with the real deal. Having lived in Arizona for 15 years, I crave traditional ethnic food. This place did not disappoint; In fact at times I was rendered speechless.I ordered the vegetarian platter - baba ganoush (amazing and not bitter at all), hummus (thick and creamy), tabouleh (light and not too garlicky) and the most delicious light and soft dolmas I have ever had. I also ordered a side of kibbe which were tasty little morsels, but needed a little more zing. The accompanying yoghurt dressing was delicious.My friends had a the lentle soup and chicken shishkabob and said both were amazing.We are currently planning a return visit with the kids.....oh and the dipping bread is warm and light...fresh out of the ovenEnjoy!
2	Went today to a cooking class that we bought from Groupon. The food was great and to be honest, I look forward to trying what we learned at home. Our waitress was good. My problem was the lack of hospitality from the owner and the chef teaching the class. It was really a turn off. For that reason, I would not recommend this class.
5	They serve really large portions. The service is amazing, the waitress was very attentive. We had the mix grill for four, hummus, and kibbe and there was so much food we had to take some home. I highly recommend this amazing restaurant. On the weekends they have salsa dancing.
4	Went here with a Groupon. I thought the service was fine. Attentive and friendly staff.We had the mixed Shawarma dish for two. Lots of food. It was delicious with a very tasty side of hummus The pita bread was good stuff too.There was a dancer as well. She was entertaining. I would recommend.
3	Pretty good Mediterranean fare. I had beef shawarma atop hummus, and my tablemates all had other varieties of shawarma with the rice deal. It was fine, not too burnt like is often found at places that serve the stuff. The house-made pita was nice, and we had their take on samosas (beef filled mini-pies) which were called something else but same thing; pretty tasty.The atmosphere was nice and fitting, given the theme. Middle Eastern-style music, upholstery, et cetera. The only off-putting things that stop me from giving this place 4 stars are 1) the bathroom, which was composed of all very-old elements (toilet, sink) and was pretty gross. It's an old building, I understand, but y'know. Other thing was we were seated at a table which was directly next to an exit door. Pretty sure that's a fire hazard. My final gripe for this otherwise-okay place: They brought out my food by itself and thus my tablemates had to wait. This should be a cardinal sin in restaurants; if you had seen any of my other reviews, you'd know how annoying I find it as it's pretty unnecessary. I'll save you the rant, but just say if you start a restaurant please refrain from allowing that mess.Other than that, all was fine. I guess I wouldn't recommend going here if you want to avoid the Scottsdale (read: hoity toity) crowd, as they're all up in this place, but they were at least drowned out by the music.
4	We've picked up Mijana take out a few times and dined in the restaurant for the first time today. The food is very good.  The portions are generous and the food is fresh. We've tried the beef and chicken schwaramas, the gyro, the french fries, and the chicken kabob. It's all very mild, but flavorful.  The prices are a tad on the high side ($3 for a kid's lemonade), but if you get a groupon or a yelp deal, it helps.The biggest draw for us is that at lunch, it's virtually empty, making it a great place for business meeting lunches because you can eat well and talk in a quiet environment. The food is made to order so it's not super fast, but if you have the time for a dine-in restaurant, give this one a try.
4	Went here Saturday evening. Food was terrific! I had the Kibbe and took me back to my childhood friend from Iraq. Her Mother made Kibbe. Order the platter oh spinach leaves, tabouleh, babaganosh and hummus. Yum! Service was excellent.Decor was simple but fine. Belly dancing was good entertainment.Fun night!
3	Excited a Groupon was available and after last experience, expected great things.  Was informed at the end of our meal the arayiss was no longer included in the Mijana Grill for 2 even though their website and menu had it, was told there were menu changes.....surprisingly after they saw the Groupon......disappointed...
4	They have some of the best middle eastern food I've tried in the valley.  Try the schwarama plate (for two), and you won't be disappointed.  Always fresh and well seasoned.The only reason they don't get five stars is the slow and inattentive service.  At least 3/4 times I've eaten here, the guy who I believe is the owner has had to come out and take orders because the waitresses simply disappear for long portions at a time, and don't pay attention to the tables.
3	Its really good middle eastern food. Not the quality of Haji Baba or Byblos but very good. Great service and a really fun Hookah bar next door.Skip the Sanbusek whatever you do. Not sue what they are doing with that.The Shwarma is very good even though they don't cook it on a spit. Which all Shwarma should be cooked on. Oh well.I didn't like that kids were allowed in the Hookah lounge area just because it was the owners sons birthday. Tons of smoke in there and children shouldn't be in a Hookah lounge at 12am on a Friday night.
3	Went here on a Groupon.  We were skeptical as we arrived at dinner and there was only one couple in a huge place.  We tried the combo beef/chick schwarma plate for two and Athena Salad with chick kabobs.  Fresh pita bread was served and was tasty.  The combo plate arrived and it was huge.  It had a salad included which the waitress failed to mention.  it was overkill to order to other salad.  Wished we had known about the salad and we would have ordered Dolmas or something else.  The waitress came to advise us that they were out of the  usual dressing (Huh???)  and we choose a lemon and olive oil dressing.  The salad was drenched and swimming in dressing.  The chicken schwarma and kebobs were delicious.  The beef was a bit dry.  Hummus was fresh but I've tasted better.  Rice was typical.  Another couple came in midway through our meal and they were seated a table away from us even though the place was empty.  We heard them order the cheese plate and ask what type of cheeses were offered.  The waitress did not know and asked the chef.  The reply was feta and "some assorted cheeses" because he didn't really know.  Whaaat???I would try it again only with a coupon.
2	they need to update there menu online... one star for the hummus and one star for the pita bread . the rest is lack of flavor chicken meat dry no flavor and kefta no flavor....
4	Great Lebanese food and I would know because I'm Lebanese myself. What impressed me the most was that the food def. had a "home-like" flavor to it. We also got a great portion for the price we paid. Ordered the "mixed grill for four" which costs $56! At first I had doubts it would feed that many people because most places are stingy with their portions and I usually eat a lot, but Mijana def. gave us out money's worth. The mixed grill for four actually fed 5 of is and we had a little leftover. The food was very fresh and grilled to perfection. The atmosphere was very nice and they played traditional Arabic music. The service was good; our waitress was very nice but a little slow at times. Overall I would def. recommended mijana as a great restaurant to try traditional middle eastern food. Oh, we also purchased a restaurant.com gift card  for our visit which made it even more worth it.
5	I just returned from my second visit to this exotic Middle Eastern paradise in good old North Tempe. Let me tell you, I was not disappointed, but I was thrilled.I was reluctant to visit despite its location right across the street from me. What finally won me over is that I attended an Eastern Catholic event in Phoenix and met a Maronite priest from St. Joseph. In perusing an anniversary celebration program, I noticed Mijana had catered and I asked him if the owners were Maronite too. It turned out that some of the owners/employees were standing right there and they invited me to a party that week. Well, I didn't go to the party but I resolved to try them out, as I am Roman Catholic and I like giving business to fellow Catholics.The most important thing to know about Mijana is that it is an unmitigated BARGAIN. Now this is not the cheapest restaurant in town, but considering what I have paid, I have come away stuffed and very satisfied. The first time around I dropped $25 or so, but honestly $10 of that was a chick drink that I just had to try - Pomegranate Mojito. Nothing bad against chick drinks, I am a fan. It was delish. I love pomegranate in any form and this was excellent. My "entree" (I'm on a portion control diet) was Quail Mezza. The quail was well-roasted and pretty good for quail. It was served with hummus, and on the waitress's suggestion I also got a cup of tomato and cucumber to mix in. I enjoyed it greatly. To round out my meal and really rack up the calories, they serve complimentary freshly-baked puffy pita bread, which comes piping hot and has this great dip of zaatar, which you have to taste to believe. It's green and oily and drippy and contains sesame seeds and exotic spices. It makes the pita so excellent and savory, irresistible.The second visit I tried some different stuff. The menu is huge, especially the bar drinks, and so you could visit for months without repeating a dish. This time around I was served by a sweet girl who seemed a little rushed, considering that she was serving three tables in an otherwise empty space. The owner helped out some and I found the service very prompt and attentive. First I ordered a Virgin Pistachio Shake. This is $6 and came out huge with a mound of whipped cream on top. This is when I decided that Mijana = BARGAIN. I love pistachio anything, and this shake was creamy and delicious and altogether more calories than I should've had in one go. But no regrets! My "entree" this time was another appetizer, the Sambuska mezza. These are pastries with seasoned ground beef served on a bed of lettuce and with a tzatziki style dip. I was not so impressed with the pastry shell, but the meat was savory and had some nice pine nuts in it. Tzatziki covers a multitude of sins, anyway. And of course I had more of the beloved fresh puffy complimentary pita to round out my meal.After I ate, I quizzed the waitress a little bit on the dancing available, because for a year now I have been an avid ballroom and Latin dancer. They have Tango on Thursdays and Salsa on Friday nights. A nominal cover charge gets you in, gets you a lesson, and gets you hours of social dancing. When I live right across the street, what could be better?I still need to explore their menu some to find my all-time favorite dish. I may have to depart from the Mezza offerings and try a dinner sometime, or better yet, go for lunch when the prices are lower. I wouldn't mind trying the lamb shank or other exotic type of meat dish. With drinks and free pita like this, no meal can be a disappointment. And I haven't mentioned the ambiance. It is mysterious and exotic and intimate. There is Lebanese pop playing on the PA, low colored mood lighting and a cozy, family atmosphere here. You really get your money's worth. So come out and try it today!
4	Delicious food, nice decor/traditional music, friendly staff. Highly reccomend the group platters: large portions feeds more than it says (we ordered the mix grill for 4 but it was more than enough for 5). The tabouli and hummus were especially awesome. The rice was excellent. Dessert was ok, wouldnt mind skipping this next time to eat more entree.
2	I came here to give it another try but failed again....One star for great customer service ... One star for Bread and hummus..I ordered something in the menu they don't have it. Please dont put anything in your menu if you dont have it.... Chicken is ok and beef extra dryyyy....And Please clean your restroom .....
4	Good Mediterranean/Middle Eastern food. Authentic vibe and feel to this place. From the stage, it appears there is live entertainment some nights although not much was going on the night I visited. It was quiet and easy to have a conversation.Definitely ask for the "pillowy" bread--it's delish. It's a little pricey but they offer Groupons from time to time.  Just make sure you buy the correct one (lunch or dinner), as they strictly enforce this. The food is very mellow on spices and features a lot of saffron and humus, grilled kabobs, yogurt sauces, etc.
4	I've been here several times and the food has always been consistent and good.  I had the kibbie for lunch and it was cooked perfectly. Everything had good flavor and the service was also good.A good place to eat if your in the mood for Middle Eastern food.
3	Overall the experience was not bad. I loved the belly dancer but the food lacked flavor.
5	Good food and good service! Everyone was friendly and helpful and the belly dancer was very entertaining!
5	I genuinely love this place. Very good food and nice staff. Very vegetarian friendly. I recommend the sangria.
5	Amazing. I was looking for a nice healthy gluten-free lunch and boy did I find one. The falafel salad with hummus on the side was an amazing lunch. I am so happy I found this place. It's cute quaint and very very clean. Looks like a fun place to go for dinner with bellydancing and all kinds of entertainment. Falafel are definitely on my top fall off a list in Arizona
3	Had a Groupon and decided it was time to use it before it expired.  Besides, the hubs and I had just returned from vacay and looking forward to some mid-Eastern comfort food.We arrived about 6 pm on  a Friday night and the place was pretty much empty. Too early for belly-dancing so not many customers but it did fill up a bit by the time we left. Service - okay, you know that is always a beef with me. Bad food is attributable to a bad night for the chef but bad service is management not taking time to educate their staff.  It wasn't bad, it wasn't good. It was just kind of okay. We did watch our meals get set down at another table but they never touched them so it was easy to get them back.We started with an order of Borek. I have always had it made pie-style but this was rolled cigar-style.  Very hot and fresh, nice mixed, crispy, not oily. I never had a mix of mozzarella and feta but it was tasty. Four to an order for $7.95.  A bit pricey I think, especially with them being cut with mozzarella.They bring you an order of fresh bread with za-atar mixed with olive oil.  I enjoy za-atar on cheesy pita or on yogurt, but this just didn't do anything for me. On top of it, while the bread was freshly baked, it was very flat in flavor, as though they left the salt out.Dinners come with side salad and rice.  DH ordered Chicken Shawarma and I order Lamb Kebab.  Start with salad. It is a simple salad (lettuce, cukes, tomatoes) with a dressing and a side of turnips and pickles.  Nice size for a side salad. It wasn't a bad salad although I would have liked to have some of the dry za-atar mixed into the dressing to add a little pizazz to it.  But here is the thing that really got to me. I am ordering an $18 dinner.  Please bring my salad out on a separate plate so it is cold and doesn't have hot meat and rice warming it up.  I get that it fills the plate up but, seriously, I now either need to eat my salad first (which I did so everything else was cold till I got to it) or eat the hot stuff first and let it wilt more. Dilemma, dilemma. DH tried to eat them at the same time and wound up with everything just lukewarm - salad, rice, and meat.His Chicken Shawarma was nicely spiced and piled on top of the rice.  Good size portion.  The lamb perhaps was not so spectacular. I am not sure why mid-Eastern restaurants in Phoenix insist on cooking lamb till it is well done, no matter what you ask for but they do. They insist they cannot serve it any other way - and yet they offer raw kibbee.  Go figure.  Anyway, it was spiced with allspice as expected - a little different from what I am used to from other Lebanese restaurants.  Honestly - it was dry and tough.  If they used a shoulder, it might be a little tougher so maybe they didn't use leg of lamb.  would be a shame to waste a leg by overcooking it.The last part of the meal was the rice. Every mid-Eastern restaurant has its own trademark rice - chicken broth, pignolia nuts, almonds,  raisins, maybe some herbs, maybe plain rice or maybe basmati, etc.  I can only liken this rice to Rice-a-Roni without the spice packet. There was no discernible flavor. No spice. It was just yellow.  That's all i can say about it, it was not remarkable at all.Borek, two dinners, and two sodas - $48 plus tip before Groupon.All in all, it was okay. I think that I have found more flavorful alternatives here in the Valley - although they do have a larger menu than many places.
5	Outstanding food every single time!!   Tonight they were slammed with deliveries and the owner himself made a point of driving dinner to us directly since his staff was busy delivering elsewhere.  Can't say enough great things about the food and the people!
5	I went to Mijana for the first time because it was down the street from my apartment and it was fantastic! They have authentic Lebanese food and the Kanafe was amazing dessert! I had the chicken shwarma which is like a gyro.
5	Love this place.  I've NEVER had quail before, so I really don't know what's "good" or "bad" for quail but this quail was absolutely AMAZING.  The humus was great too.  As I ordered delivery and had to spend quite a bit to cover the minimum amount for delivery I also bought the Mixed grill.  I intended to eat half of each but I devoured the quail so quickly I ended up only sampling the kebab just so I'd know how it tasted (Saved it for the next day, but kebab is never as good the next day) and it was equally amazing.  The lamb tasted just a tad tough, but it could have just been because it had time to cool during the delivery.  Will definitely order again, however maybe next time I'll dine in.  This kind of food really does need to be eaten fresh off the grill.
2	The sambusek were tasteless and the meat inside was very dry. Really disappointing.The only thing you could taste from the stuffed grape leaves in vinegar just vinegar. The beef shawarma was nothing special either. My husband said they didn't use quality meet. Only reason I gave it 2 stars was because the naan was just freshly baked and the hummus was good but that's not enough for us to try again.
5	The food here was very good, but it was the waiter, Trevor, who earned the extra star!  I came in, with my check-in special, and he looked at it and started making suggestions.  Since this cuisine isn't something I eat every day, I was happy to follow his advice, including the fantastic Lebanese pilsner.  I would definitely come back here for the food, the beer, and most of all the service!
2	This is a decent middle eastern place (Lebanese I believe), but I have a few problems that keep me from coming back regularly.* the place is a little dumpy. I'm typically OK with kitschy furnishings if the building is a small space or a dive bar, but this is trying to look nice and really only coming across as cheap. * the food is OK - but everything on the menu is a little too fried. * their portions are always huge. If you like taking food home, this is great; otherwise, you'll either eat way too much or waste food. * their service is pretty dang slow. I always get the feeling that they'll come around to me when they want to. I think most of the staff are family, which may explain the complacency. The pros are that is has:* other than the fried stuff, the food is very good* good location, and next to a hookah lounge* authentic cuisineGive it a whirl, but keep the expectations down. Also make sure you have lots of time on your hands, because they certainly do.
5	I came here on Sunday night for couples night. WOW what a special. My girlfriend was in shock when we showed up and the table was covered in rose petals. To eat, I had the Mediterranean salad to start and the Pan-Roasted Wild Sea Bass which was cooked to perfection. The night ended with a chocolate truffles complementary from   What a perfect night!
3	3 stars = A-OK, but for the prices here the food should be quite superior, in my opinion.  For example, the kofta plate is $13.95 at Mijana, and at Pita House it is $14, but the kebab, the salad and the rice were all more flavorful at Pita House.  The filet mignon kebab is $19.95 at Mijana, while it is $16.95 at Tasty Kabob in Tempe, and I know for sure the latter is fantastic.  Hummus is $5.95 at Mijana, but just $4.50 at the wonderful Sahara which has been in Tempe for two decades.  Service:  the wait staff at Mijana was very attentive.  Ambience:  we arrived on a Sunday night around 8pm and a DJ was playing loud reggae; it was hard to talk.  There was a cover charge if you were there to see the DJ (we weren't), so clearly Mijana is not quite sure if it wants to be a restaurant or a night club.
