1	We went there for our anniversary. We waited for about ten minutes while hostess Noelia gave us a table by the window to celebrate. That was really sweet and made a big impression on us. Then it went all down hill from there! It took 20 minutes to get our drinks and my husband went to the bar himself to get our drinks after that. I was served two totally different colored and tasting apple martinis, one the waiter brought, and the other my husband ordered. The bread basket came cold and without butter. The soup was luke warm, and even thought we ordered our steaks medium well, they were so red, they could have moved off our plates!  I spoke with the manager on duty, I believe his name was Adam, he brought me out a new drink, and said he was comping the other one. But my husband already went to the bar to get our drinks, and he never came back with my 2nd drink.  We were still charged for the drink, and never got the 2nd one which we already paid for. By the end of the night, my husband didn't feel like talking to anyone anymore, so we just paid our $147.00 bill and left. We also paid for spinach we never received. This is definately an anniversary we will never forget!  I was looking forward to going here, and I am embarassed for our former Mayor who put his name on this restaurant.....this place will never make it! Should have gone to Texas de Brazil...where our original plans were made!
2	I guess I should have read the other reviews before going? We made dinner reservations for Christmas. I called before 5 PM and left a message as directed by the voicemail with my name, number, date and time of the reservation, how many and contact number. They open at 5PM so I expected a call back by 5:30 PM, Not! I called back at 6:15PM and after the language barrier of the person who took my reservation I was set.We arrived at 4:40 PM for a 5:00 Reservation and were directed to the bar to wait unit we could be seated. Drinks were well made but a little pricey even by most restaurant standards. We were seated a little after 5 and we found the decor and table arrangements pleasing. If you do go ask for a table overlooking Freemont Street.Our Waitress was pleasant and friendly when she came over and offered up the wine list, which we declined. We ordered several appetizer's and the Ceaser Salad. While we waited we ordered Iced tea and water and that was delivered in a reasonable time. The Crab Cakes were good as was the Tomato and Mozzarella platter. The Salad was drenched in dressing and I was unable to eat it and sent it back. The Waitress claims she spoke to the Manager and took it off the check (I will cover that later). After the appetizers we were served a cold bread basket and no butter. After about 5 minutes the Bus Person came back with the butter and reaching over my Mothers head dropped it in the middle of the table. As one of the other reviews said the bread was cold and the butter was actually bland with no taste.Our Waitress came over to let us know she was going to place our meal orders and it would be about 15 minutes or so. That's fine we were in no hurry. During this time we had to ask for water refills and Iced Tea. It seems that everyone just walked around but paid no attention to the tables? While we were sitting there the Bus Person reached over and took my Wife's bread plate off the table for no apparent reason. My wife had a dirty knife from the Tomato Salad and when she tried to give it to her she told her to keep it and reuse it.During our wait one of the Hostesses making the rounds stopped by our table and my wife mentioned this to her. She brought a new plate and knife for her. After that our table was ignored by the Managers who walked around and the Hostess, though they did visit one or two tables for long periods of time (I guess High Rollers).Our waitress checked back and told us a 5-7 minutes for our dinner. We waited 12 but Good Food takes time. If this was good food I would have not minded. My 6 oz Steak was perfect inside (medium rare) but had no taste to it at all. My wife's Prime Rib was dry and there was no offer of any Au jus Sauce to moisten it up. My Mothers Salmon was over done and burnt on the outside. The side dishes were ok, nothing special just ok. None of us finished our dinners and we did not request to pack them up. (These are signs good Managers look at when their customers are still at their tables).We declined dessert for obvious reasons an our Waitress gave us the option of her returning with our check or did we want to wait 5 or 10 minutes. I asked for it right away so I did not have to sit their and think about the experience. She disappeared and after about 6 or 7 minutes came back and dropped of a final check with no listing of what we had so I could not tell if the Salad had been removed. Had she come back or someone else was close I would have asked for an itemized bill. They also did not ask for ID on my Credit Card which is not signed on the back for that reason.For a small place with so many Servers Bus Persons, etc the attention to detail is minimal. Everyone runs around but it seems nothing gets done. We had high hopes for this to be a return to destination with friends and family but that is not going to happen.If you go delight at the venue and the view of Freemont Street, maybe get an appetizer or two and leave.
1	My filet was under cooked and cold, everything else was good at the restaurant; now let's talk about the Valet pick up area and how scary it was waiting outside by the Greyhound bus station and all the drug dealers and crackheads.....I will not be going back until they set up a private valet for the restaurant.Also what restaurant has a bar and does not have Pomergranate Martini'sDon't go to this place.......
2	Hmmmm, a lot of Orangehead glowing reviews. Seems a bit suspicious to me.I was at Oscar's earlier in the week and did not have the phenomenal experience as some of these alleged Yelp rookies. As a fan of old school Vegas, I was very excited when a Vegas native recommended this to me. "Beef, Booze, and Broads" sounds like something Dean, Sammy and Frank would frequent so I was excited. Overall, Oscar's left me grouchy despite the fantastic view of Sesame, I mean Fremont St.First off, let's get the location out of the way. The wall of windows provides and exciting or romantic atmosphere, depending on your purpose. Unfortunately, a half empty dining room on a weeknight does not inspire the staff to seat you unless you decide to pony up for the companionship of a "broad"So let's discuss this elephant in the room. They have "broads" who roam the room looking to spark conversations with customers. OK, I am cool with that. You're supposed to buy them a drink. Uhhh, OK! And then dinner....and then tip them? An acquaintance bought into the ploy (although in fairness, the girl did not push that hard). Her glasses of wine and entree tacked on $50 to the bill and then we had to tip. We were celebrating and not afraid to drop some cash but it seems that the restaurant should have done a better job of explaining the concept. As it was our reunion of buds was continually interrupted by these broads.The service was slow but engaging. several of us were put off by the fact that their cuts of meat were "choice" but charged "prime" prices. The consensus was that they were OK but not worthy of the price. The sides were uninspiring. Oscar's is new so maybe it will improve. Also, being from Dallas, we do steakhouses like nobody's business so perhaps my standards are high. For a cheaper prices at Nick & Sam's or Pappas' I can get a steak that will put Oscar's to shame and some adult mac n' cheese with lobster that will make me swoon. Go, enjoy Oscar's view, and beware. Feel free to chat up the broad but know what you are getting into.
4	My friend and I came in late on a Thursday to eat at Simpatico, the restaurant that's behind the hidden door within Oscar's. The hostesses were super nice even though my friend and I were fairly confused as to where exactly the restaurant was. We were the only people in that portion of the restaurant (it was about 9:15 and they close at 10). The servers were friendly, quick, and very helpful. We had a couple of salads and pastas. The onion bread was nice and hot, the salads were fresh, and the pastas were delicious. The prices were also pretty reasonable. That said, the staff in Simpatico were also circulating through Oscar's. Our experience was absolutely wonderful and while I can't comment too much on the steakhouse portion; if you're here and want a good meal, Simpatico was really nice and the prices are better.
5	***here's the update after dining Sat, 2/19/12***  Skip down if u want pre-dining review.Our reservations were at 7pm, and of course the 6 of us showed up at 8pm.  Jack, the manager was on location, and he and the host did the best they could to get us seated asap.  The place was bustling, and roughly 30mins later, we were seated by the window overlooking the Fremont experience.  In short, I'm glad I gambled on Jack instead of taking the easy way out with so many other choices in vegas.  I would and will dine at Oscar's again.  The bread and butter came out quickly, and it was delicious.  It was like a onion loaf, perfectly crisp on the outside and moist and chewy in the center.  I do my best to avoid carbs at night, but there was no avoiding the 3-4 rounds for the table.  All of us were still raving about it the next morning.     A buddy got the prime rib, and sampling it made us regret we ordered anything else.  I'm a big Lawry's fan, but it blew it out of the water.  My filet wasn't bad either, but it was like dating a victoria secret model from a pool of sports illustrated models.  Everyone enjoyed their entree.Service was attentive and our server really hustled for us.  We were drinking and being rambunctious, and he managed us without a hitch.  We got water and drinks when we wanted them.No dessert, as we needed to rush out of there for the club.The 'Broads' is a novel idea, and under different circumstances, it might have added to the experience.  Good logistics and 'knowing your audience' because they didn't bug us at all.     ***pre-dining review***Firstly, haven't dined, but have resv in a couple weeks, so will update my rating after actual experience.  My current rating was a judgement call purely based on my conversation with the manager on duty, Jack, about their Yelp reviews.Friends and I are big Yelpers; we read the good, bad, and some inbetween.  We try to avoid anything 4 star below.  However, we also love trying new places, and moreover, i love dt vegas and having Oscar Goodman's name on the door gave it novel appeal.  Yes, he may personally overcook a steak like any other god fearing consigliere, but sure "he can make an offer you can't refuse" to pull in the right people.Short of it is, I called because I wanted to get his take on the negative reviews and offer assurances that they got rid of the gremlins and have grown out of new restaurant pains.  Conversation could have gone two ways.  First, his reply would could have been defensive and dismissive considering Oscar Goodmans name recognition, and the fact he has a captive audience being the Plaza Hotel's fine steakhouse.  That response would have made me more leery, and we would have gone to an established 4 star.  It didn't.  Instead, Jack, the manager, took the true owner/operator approach, owned up to past mistakes, and was very earnst about the fact they defintely went through some new reataurant pains, but they've since righted the ship.  He didn't make any exuses, and offered his word and his handshake through the phone.  That gave me the confidence to keep my reservation, so I'm looking forward to the actual experience.  Stay tuned...
3	Dinner was OK, went with a friend who is a Chef, he felt that the Bisque had to much Roux in it. My steak was pretty good but a little dry considering it was 50 bucks. My friends Prime looked like it was cut with a spoon and in the shape of a doorstop, they needs to learn how to properly cut prime rib for sure. Go to Delmonico or one of the steakhouses in the cosmopolitan, you'll be much happier if steak is what your looking for.Oh yeah, they didn't even have a Rib eye cut other that the Prime Rib....this was odd.I would say there are less expensive items on the menu, i would have had salmon had i known that the steak would only be soso.They are really friendly, and the restaurant is very nice with an outstanding view down Fremont street..
4	Look, I'm not going to lie-- I was skeptical.  Very skeptical.  One might even say scared.  Other Yelp reviewers have torn this place apart.  But the hubby had his heart set on Oscar Goodman's name sake, and so we made reservations and went for Valentine's Day.  And in all honesty I really enjoyed myself!  I'm not sure why some other horrendous reviews.Yes, my review is long, but I'm trying to help others.  Here's how I see it:Service:  2 1/2 stars. While I hope Oscar's management takes my whole review to heart, this is the area they need to take most seriously.  Our waiter was nice enough, but not the best I've ever had.  Both the hostesses (those at the front desk who check in reservations and those that seat guests) and bussing staff were, well, lackluster--hard to get a read either way.  Quite honestly the two best staff members I met during the evening was the general manager circulating the room and our food runner who always came by with a smile.  To those complaints from other reviewers that say their waiter was never seen between order and bill-- apparently we didn't dine at the same restaurant, because friendly or not, all the staff was present.  I will agree however that all of the staff could use an afternoon seminar on smiling and saying "Yes."Food:  3 1/2 stars.  The food itself was more like 4 stars (I am clueless what poor reviewers have been eating--most everything we had was wonderful), but the menu selection gets them "knocked down" a 1/2 if not a full star in my book.  I've never been to a steakhouse that doesn't have at least one pasta dish on the menu, and because I'm not a steak fan (hubby is a fanatic) the pasta is what I always order.  However, Oscar's does not have a single one.  When I inquired of the waiter if a pasta request could be accomodated (I know they share a kitchen with sister restaurant Italian "Simpatico," so this shoudn't be impossible.) he stated that I could see a Simpatico menu, but if I wanted to order off that, we would have to be re-seated in that room.  That's ridiculous!  My husband wants the Oscar's menu, and we both want appetizers and desserts from your menu, all I'm asking for is a pasta entree from the kitchen.  I had already even viewed the Simpatico menu and was going to order one of the most expensive dishes!  (Pricier than what I ended up ordering off Oscar's real menu, oh well, your loss of a bigger check, Mr. Waiter.)  Anyway, I pieced together a dinner for myself.  I started with the lobster bisque--5 stars!  It was atypical an delicious!  It has large pieces of lobster in it, which I've never been served before when I order the dish at other restaurants.  Then I had the crab cake "appetizer" as my entree and a side of sweet potato fries.  4 1/2 stars for the crab cakes--very little filler and lots of lump crab meat.  3 1/2 stars on the fries--delicious, and they sprinkle them generously with a cinnamon sugar mixture.  My husband started with the caesar salad, and then the cedar planked salmon and a baked potato.  In his words, all three items were solid 4's.  And we both agreed--the free onion bread--5 stars all the way!!!!  My disappointment was dessert.  We ordered the triple chocolate mousse (which the food runner called triple chocolate cake as he delivered it, so the house doesn't even know what it is) and it arrived still partly frozen.  Sorry, Oscar's, but please jump off the "thawed-pre-made-desserts" bandwagon and make your own.  Even if you specialized in just one or two and could recommend those to the customers and the rest were pre-made.Decor and Ambience:  4 1/2 stars.  Near perfect.  "Old School Vegas" as my husband calls it, and what we were both hoping for.  So many places here in Las Vegas nowadays are some hip interior designer's idea of "new and fancy."  That has it's place and time, don't get me wrong, but I really do enjoy occasionally going to a place that makes me feel like I've stepped back in time.  Oscar's is definitely upscale, and has fashionable decor with it's faux-croc upholstered booths, and metallic chairs and couches, but still feels classic, and cliche as it may be, like I said, "old school."  My only caveat is the way the music "competes."  There is a live piano player in the bar, which is great for that area's ambience.  However, they play canned music in the dining room, and because the restaurant is not huge, when dining you hear both.  This not only makes for an overly loud atmosphere that makes hearing the waiter and your dining companion hard, but is annoying due to the two different battling tunes.  If anything, Oscar's, I would skip the piped music.Final note-- The floating "Broads": Unnecessary and tacky.  They didn't approach us, I'm assuming because it was Valentine's Day, but they were there.  And I just find it insulting that Oscar's believes these women are appropriate for a restaurant that should be catering to couples with quite a bit of money to spend on a nice date night out.
4	I was really skeptical about this place. A friend booked the restaurant given the namesake and throwback to old school vegas and thought it would be a good idea. I read the yelp reviews and was ready for some bad service and some bad food. My friend called ahead and had reassurances that the bad reviews were just opening problems.I must say, I was happy we went here.  The ambience was nice. Upscale old school feel to the place. Not modern. Being in downtown vegas the clientele seemed more of the older midwest, southern crowd.  Was it the best steak i've had? No. Was it good because I had really low expectations? ProbablyWas it enhanced by the fact that we'd been drinking for a couple hours prior? LikelyThe bread is awesome! I can't tell you how much of that stuff i ate. The menu was a bit limited. We got the crabcakes which were excellent (not alot of breading).  Also tried the lobster bisque which was pretty good (alot of places make it too salty but this was just right)Had the new york strip which was cooked just right with a nice char on the outside. Another member of our party had the prime rib which I have to say was excellent!Would come back but there are so many other great places to eat in vegas I probably won't. But I would still recommend you give this place a try
5	Service was outstanding! From the hostesses, bussers, servers and bartender. Food was great we had to filets cooked perfectly rare to order and shared mushrooms and mac and cheese. To top it all off after dinner we ran into the man himself after dinner at the bar. He is a gracious host and I got to take a picture with him. Job well done Oscar.
2	The ambiance is great, but the service and food need help.This was my second visit to Oscar's and in both cases the service was extremely slow - the servers are nice, but I think they need more than (2) in the bar area on a busy night and more than one on a slow night.The charcuterie plate was great and when ordered for (2) was ample for (4) people.  From there it went down hill.  The three meatball appetizer came out cold in the middle and the Ahi Tuna appetizer came with the wasabi and ginger, but absolutely no soy or ponzu sauce for dipping.  So I ask you, why put wasabi paste on my plate, if you're not going to give me either sauces for dipping?  The server got the drink orders wrong and thought it was odd that we would want bread to actually come with a charcuterie plate...My martini glass had leftover soap residue, which tainted the a very simple Kettle One, straight up with a twist :-(As a local, I know I will return as I do enjoy some of the new spots popping up downtown and I can only hope that Oscar's will strive to become a better place to eat vs. just drink.
4	Steak & shtick -- of COURSE I had to check this place out!!!I was a HUGE fan of the old steakhouse that used to be in that location; it was unpretentious and very reasonably priced steakhouse fare. Then they replaced it with that poseur-ass tapas joint, which thankfully didn't last...and now it's back to being a steakhouse, although a bit more expensive than the old steakhouse.I'm guessing the new higher prices are to subsidize the cost of having Broads on the payroll -- sexy women in fake Marilyn Monroe costumes who sashay around the room from table to table, telling you all about Vegas. This was the main reason I went -- I wanted to see what these Broads were all about, in case I ever need a new job!I pretty much expected it to be like at a strip club, with aggressive Broads forcing themselves on you, trying to make you buy them a drink or buy them dinner or pay their "law school tuition" (stripper-speak for coke and pills). But it wasn't that way at all! The night I went (Friday) there was only one solitary Broad working the room...and she was very easygoing. She stopped by the table a few times to chat, and sat down once...but even when my friend offered to buy her dinner, she said she was too busy working the room! Her loss -- my friend is one of those guys who gives $100 bills to any bimbo who comes down the pike; she could have made some cash off him, easy! To her credit, though, she didn't pander. Nice! Foodwise, it was average steakhouse fare -- no better, no worse than any other steakhouse. I had a caprese salad (very good), a petit filet ($32 and good) and a loaded baked potato. Bottle of wine, cocktails and sheesecake for dessert. The only real bummer was that the bar did not stock B&B, which we ordered as after-dinner drinks. Our waiter said they had Benedictine, which they could just mix with brandy to make B&B...but man, it tasted like ass! I think it was Benedictine & BENADRYL or something! Bleccchhh!The service was ok -- we never did get a bread basket, and the table was never crumbed or anything. But this is NOT a hoity toity restaurant -- it's shtick! From the Oscar Goodman memorabilia all over the walls, to the Broads in their cheeseball gowns & feather boas, to the poor waiters in their cheap-looking pinstriped "Mobster" shirts and ties....it's more Disneyland than fine dining.Which is fine by me! My friend and I made a day of it -- first we hit up the Mob museum, then took a leisurely stroll down Fremont St, and had dinner here. A very shticky day!My one complaint is that the decor and ambiance is weirdly lacking. They went through all this trouble to hire Broads and get a live piano player in the lounge and basically re-create an old-time swanky Vegas steakhouse...and then they furnished it with what looks like leftovers from a 1998 cruise ship! Boring, uninspired and drab -- boo!! How about some really cool, retro, vintage swank? Right now, the lounge area isn't even cool enough to bother stopping in for a drink :-( You'd get more atmosphere in a Holiday Inn!Step it up, Oscar!
5	We had a great family dinner last night . The room was beautiful and the service was impeccable .We started with the seafood platter had the Ribeye  and the a special skirt steak that was vey tasty . We will be back
3	The servers are a little, ah, slow and we joked that they were Oscar's nephews. It took a long time to get dinner. However the skirt steak, recommended by our waiter nephew, was unbelievable out of this world best steak i ever had in my carnivore life. The tables have a great view of Fremont street and that adds to the price. However with all the imperfections we are already planning to go back for the great meat!
3	Bar review only: I'm glad I went so I can say I went...the view was nice and the service was attentive but the martinis were sub-par! I ordered a chocolate martini and I swear they used Hershey's syrup instead of Godiva and my husband had to order extra olive juice for his dirty martini...it was as clear as straight vodka!
2	1.5 STARS for the Food0.5 STAR for the ViewI made a reservation for Friday night on the day of. We arrived at 9:10pm for our 9:15pm reservation. We were seated at 9:30pm.The dining area is located in the dome directly above where the front valet entrance is for The Plaza. The dimly lit circular dining room provided a front row seat to the Freemont Street Experience. We were able to enjoy the festive light shows and people watch all throughout dinner.There is definitely room for improvement when it comes to service. After our dinner, we were asked if we would like dessert. I said yes. Our waiter disappeared for 5 minutes only to return to tell us that he could not find a dessert menu. (The restaurant was not full. There were empty tables. So how is it that they ran out of or somehow he was not able to locate a dessert menu?) When it was time for our check, our waiter was nowhere to be found. The assistant waiter told us our waiter will be back in 3 minutes.Onto the food:Lobster Bisque($8): Mediocre. A bit on the salty side.Fish of the Day ($32): It was the Bass and and it was bland. To be honest, I didn't even finish it. It tasted like something from a cheap buffet. Very disappointing.Creme Brulee ($7-8): Mediocre. The caramelize finish was not really achieved. The actual creme part lacked vanilla. However I did enjoy the fresh fruit (strawberry, raspberry, etc.)Now what about the "broads?" I mean, it is in the name of the restaurant and I too was curious about this. As soon as we were seated, it was quick to see who they were. They weren't skanky looking or anything. Just a pair of girls, looked like any other girls you would find walking around at a club wearing their little black dress. They sat down at a table with 3 guys and they had a couple rounds of drinks and then they got up and left. Didn't really have any effect on my dining experience. However, I would recommend dismissing the broads and using that capital to focus on the dishes, which is sadly in need of work. To be charging main courses from anywhere between $25 to $40+ a plate and having it taste like something from a dime a dozen buffet line is a real shame. Would I recommend this place? I think not. (The only reason why I ate here was because my dinner was comped. If I had to pay out of my own pocket, I think this review would've been a lot angrier. Haha)
2	Having met the man twice and finding him quite the entertaining character, I decided to try the restaurant inspired by him. Oscar Goodman. The (formerly) happiest mayor on earth. And former mob defense attorney. He and his image are quintessential Vegas. I had to try his steakhouse. Entering with a coworker at 8 pm on a Monday night, we were seated right away. Service can only be described as short and surly. From the hostess to the two servers we encountered, I consistently got the strong impression they were looking at their watches in anticipation of closing time. A stark contrast to, say, Vic & Anthony's Steakhouse over at Golden Nugget (see separate review). The menu is mob-inspired, consisting of names of gangsters you'll recognize. I went with the Spilatro's Steak with garlic mashed potatoes. It may not look like much from the attached photo, bit it was actually quite good. The restaurant is adorned with photos of Oscar and his career. I think the theme works fine here, and the location is great. It's in the area formerly occupied by Firefly, directly at the West end of Fremont Street. The dining area over looks the Fremont Street Experience. It's an excellent view. All in all, the food was good. The theme was fun. But the service not so much. I'm always deeply disappointed when a place gets so much right and then just drops it all at customer service. How do other places like Vic's get it right consistently and places like this don't? I think it starts at the top. Carefully screening the right personalities to hire and then training and evaluating them. Consistently. Oscar's needs to make an attempt, here. And until they do, the servers will bring down the house. This may be why there was so much open seating at 8 pm during Spring Break week. I sincerely hope they do bring it around because I'd like to see this place survive. If enough people point this out to them, maybe they will.
2	Made reservations on-line and requested a booth. We were sat near the stairs, upper dinning with no view, no booth. Reviewing the wine list, not extensive and over priced we decided to order by the glass. Nice pour by any standards so that receives a few stars. We ordered Caesar salad to start. Big salads with decent flavor and at a good price. For the main dish my wife had the chicken and I had the Big Chris Steak. The chicken was good and my wife seemed to enjoy. The steak was not good. The New York had a gamey taste and smell with a texture and taste of venison. We told our waiter and he reported back to the manager. The manager argued that it was the wet aging process and that there was nothing wrong with the steak. Not asking for any compensation he did take the steak off the bill. After this encounter we were presented with the bill, no ask of coffee or desert. When I asked about why this was overlooked the waiter indicated that we told the manager we were done. The waiter apologized and then asked if we would like coffee or desert. We indicated no thank you! I did tip the waiter over 20% and this is on the total of if the steak was on the bill.Observation: They are getting going but it seems that this place lacks experience. The "broads" gimmick does not seem to work and just seems to annoy the customers. Competition is big for upscale steakhouses in Vegas. If they don't make changes they will not make it. We will not be back.
3	Full disclosure, it was late and we only had drinks so I can't speak to the food...Overall the experience was a good one and the prices weren't TOO terrible, the staff was very friendly.  We had been here when it was Firefly and enjoyed the view of Fremont Street.I'd love to come back sometime and try the food.
5	A white marble floor and live piano music greet patrons at this new downtown restaurant.  Main seating is under a glass dome roof on the second floor.  A fantastic view straight down the Fremont Experience entertains during the meal.  I don't eat meat, but our friends said it was excellent.  The seafood choices were wonderful, especially the salmon which melts in the mouth.  Prices are $25 and up for entrees.  Caesar salad for $7 was huge and delicious and they added anchovies for me.  The casino is typical downtown; a bit run down.  But Oscar's is new and elegant and the view is pure Las Vegas neon.  And you don't have to endure walking through a lot of smoke to get there.
4	I went to Oscar's with two girlfriends tonite, and based on the mediocre reviews from Yelp, was pleasantly surprised.  It is a pretty room, circular so that most everyone has a decent view.  From the moment we were seated, our server, Frankie, was attentive but not pushy, and his helper was also.  We told him that we weren't in a hurry and didn't want to be rushed, and the timing on the entire meal was just about perfect.  Our water glasses were refilled regularly, without asking, Frankie was friendly and charming and his attitude just added to the pleasantness of the evening.  We all were very pleased with our food - the onion bread was great (I loved the lobster bisque), and our steaks were done perfectly.The waiters were dressed in crisp black and white striped shirts and black ties, and looked great!  We saw some very attractive young women who were seating customers, but no-one we would call a "broad".  That was kind of disappointing - we wanted to see the "broads".  Pictures on the walls were the same pictures covering the walls of Oscar's office and hallway while he was Mayor, and very interesting, if you haven't seen them before!It was nice having live music during dinner - a pianist in the bar area, so the music was soft enough in the dining room to have uninterrupted conversation.Overall, we enjoyed the whole experience, and are looking forward to our next visit.
2	We came on A Friday. The dinner started with a hostess hustling us for a bigger tip to get a window seat we had reserved. The place was about half full and there were plenty of windows available. The waiter was borderline rude and annoyed with us because our friends are from out of town and were late from getting lost. I would get it if the place was packed and they needed to turnover tables. The busser brought dessert before we ordered and did not understand English when we tried to say we didn't order it. Isn't basic English necessary to perform the job duties? I would hate to get dessert that had been sitting in front of someone else. Yuck. The food was mediocre. I had skirt steak, which had huge cloves of garlic embedded somehow. I liked it alright. The potatoes were ice cold. Husband had filet. Said it was OK. Friends said the prime rib and fish were great. But neither ate more than a few bites. I think for the food and service it was ridiculously overpriced. $196 before tip for 4 dinners, no wine. Sorry Oscar, I think you need new management. I don't see this place lasting long. The caliber of Fremont street people won't spend that and locals won't return. As usual I would have preferrred Outback. That's rather sad. Return? NO WAY!
5	I just have to give this place 5 stars because it's more than just another tasty steak place. It's at the Plaza, which is not even remotely attractive, but the valet is right off Main and it's easy to get to the restaurant. When you go up the escalators and enter Oscar's it's like walking into a totally different place from the old carpet and smoke that you get down on the casino floor. The bar staff is friendly, the food was delicious, and the price is wallet-friendly by Las Vegas steak place standards. And tons of Vegas kitsch (there was a DeNiro impersonator that night) which is the whole reason to even bother with downtown. I can honestly say that I wouldn't hesitate to eat here again. I might even bring out of town guests here - but only if they have a good sense of humor.
4	Outstanding selection of steaks, wines and martinis. Great service. Also enjoyed host with history of Oscar and view of the Fremont Experience. Great place for a birthday celebration hosted by our Math Graduate Assistants.
5	Excellent. We started off with a shrimp appetizer and a crab cake. The shrimp was nice and large and the crab cakes were out of control delicious. They weren't over seasoned, and had great crab flavor. The crab is large, flavorful chunks which was great! I got the rib eye for dinner and my girl got the fish. I got my steak "Oscars" style which had some of that crab meat on it. Delicious again. I thought the service was just okay. I would've expected a more from a steakhouse of this caliber. But the food made up for it! I would definitely go back!
3	Mixed.  The place is owned by former mayor of Las Vegas Oscar Goodman.  He became the mayor after serving as a defense attorney for the mob for 30 years in Las Vegas.  Thus, a lot of history in this place.  Pros:  The New York Steak was outstanding.  Perfectly cooked and the insides cooked to the right temperature.  The salmon was good as well.  Had seasoned potato wedges, and they were a good accompaniment to the steak.  Creme Brulee and Chocolate Lava Cake were outstanding.  Extensive wine lists of moderate to expensive wines.  Also, the ambience was great.  The piano man playing in the background, the showgirls walking around on the floor talking to patrons, and the walls of photos of Oscar Goodman with politicos, celebrities, etc... were great.  Cons:  Open since Dec 11. Still growing pains./  My wife ordered onions with her seafood, and it did not come with the meal.  The waiter had to be reminded and it finally arrived AFTER she had finished her meal.  It was taken away and an apology from the waiter.  There should have been more consideration considering the costs paid for the meal.  Beer, all bottled and none on tap.  So, if you like steak, this is the place.  Depending on he time of day, expect a long wait.  And do not be surprised if they get the meal wrong.  But, when that steak arrives, you should be very pleased.  For two people with a main course, 1 soup, two side dish accompaniments, two desserts, one soda and one cocktail, expect to drop $130 plus.  A Bottle of wine would have added $50.00 to the total minimum.
3	Bar - 2 starsRestaurant - 3 starsService - 3 starsValue - 3 starsThe bartender we had a piss poor atitude and poured a lousy drink. The crab cakes were great, scallops were overcooked and the shrimp cocktail was just average. Our party had the following entrees and sides: 2 had the skirts steaks neither of them really enjoyed, 1 had the filet oscar style he enjoyed it, 1 had the filet that was cooked to prefection and 1 had the strip that was overcooked. Sides dishes were so so, we had the creamed spinach, roasted potatoes, mashed potatoes and corn gratin.The service was good, however; the staff is not refined for the prices that they charge. I did not expect a lot since this is downtown and the clientele show up wearing t-shirts and shorts.The overall value was OK, the prices were just a little under strip pricing. For a about 20 or so more dollars per person I will recommend STK, Joes Stone Crab, Capital Grill or Del Frisco for great drinks, food and service.
4	I love this place! I was in the company of  very pershnickiney ? diners who are well versed in fine dining. First of all they were able to accomodate our need to come in earlier than our reserved time and then we were given a window table. I love the view of the Fremont St. experience. Our server Frank was the best, very friendly and professional. Our Broad for the night was blond, statuesque, very classy, friendly and took a memorable picture with my 10 year old nephew.   My favorite dish was the crab cakes. AWESOME, tons of lump crab meat with just the right amount of binder (egg I believe). I told Frank, if Oscar comes in, let him know that Bootsy is here and he replied, "Should I say this in front of the Mayor??" Funny guy!  I never even met Oscar but I hope to do this on my next visit to his stupendous restaurant.
5	We only had drinks there but had a great experience. The drink prices were not terrible, staff was very friendly and the atmosphere was relaxing. Definitely will visit the next time we are downtown Las Vegas.
5	Whoa baby! This place was phenomenal! Service by David was impeccable! Seafood was great! Shrimp were out of sight! Skirt steak....delicious! Sides were great...creamed spinach and TRUFFLE MASHED....OMG! Ate everything on our plates. No room for dessert! Broads are a fun idea. Wine list is terrific. Go! Worth every penny! Views are romantic.......
4	Now that my recent 3-star reviews are out of the way, I can share a new, surprisingly enjoyable find before I enter a short period of temporary hibernation.  The place is Oscar's Beef  Booze Broads.  Yes, our previous mayor's steakhouse that opened to some disappointment and poor Yelp reviews!  I'm glad I waited until some kinks were taken out of the delivered product.  I'm sure I experienced marked improvement on my recent visit, because I was quite impressed by my dining experience here.  All was not perfect, but overall it was a 4-1/2-star dining experience.Let's begin at the beginning.  For starters I selected Johnny Quinn's Crab Cakes, which featured large hunks of fresh lump crabmeat, Stoned Ground Dijon Mustard Sauce, and Pepper Remoulade.  The pair of crab cakes had very little filler as our waiter had declared, and the Pepper Remoulade was especially mellow and tasty as an accent to go with the crab.Next up for me was Crazy Phil's Onion Soup.  At first I was a little disappointed in its physical appearance because, unlike most classic Onion Soups Gratinee, this crock of soup did not have a crusty crown of cheese overlaying the broth.  But once I tasted this beauty, my initial negative visual impression went quickly out of mind.  Made with sherry infused white wine, veal stock, a deconstructing crouton, and Gruyere Cheese, the sweet broth and other ingredients were simply delicious.  This was a truly outstanding and hot French Onion Soup!Complimentary Onion Bread with visible pink onions was also very good as a starter, but I didn't want to continue eating Onion Bread all night, so I backed off after downing two slices with butter.  Oscar's Chopped Salad was artistically crafted in a nicely shaped circular mound of creamed up chopped vegetables topped by sprouting Onion Straws.  The salad, containing Grape Tomatoes, carrot shavings, Italian Squash, and mostly diced zucchini tossed with Maytag Bleu Cheese was cool, creamy, and refreshing.An interesting twist then occurred as large steak knives were laid out for the men in my dining party, while much more slender and petite steak knives were set out for the women.  (See pic.)  Diane bridled a bit at this, and so I asked our server why females were not provided the same knives as males.  With a serious expression, he replied that it was more appropriate to furnish the men with "a manly man's knife," and women with "an elegant lady's knife."  I suppose whether a person views this practice as sexist or chivalrous depends on one's point of view.  It also could be deliberately done a bit tongue in cheek, reflecting upon the image of "Beef, Booze, and Broads" which the restaurant plays up rather than down in a whimsical sort of way.  Soon after we were seated, a comely, white-gloved buxom blonde in a lacy black gown came over to welcome us; she said she was "one of the broads."  (See pic.)My slightly charred medium-rare Filet was cooked perfectly, and went well with a very tasty house-made Bearnaise Sauce.  A large King Crab Leg that Diane and I split was warm rather than hot, and not very sweet; and the Drawn Butter to go with it was not very hot either.  But Lobster Mashed Potatoes were very hot and very good, except for the two tiny pieces of shell that were encountered.  Wild Mushrooms were a very good second topping for my steak, as I made sure that my stomach was fully indulged this particular night.And to complete a fine meal, the oven-baked Apple Cobbler with Cinnamon Bread Crumbs that I chose, which was made in a La Cocotte Staub all-metal Dutch oven and served with a strawberry, raspberries, and blackberries on the side, and with two large scoops of quickly melting Vanilla Ice Cream on top, was as delicious as it sounds!With many tables and booths facing the Fremont Street Experience and sumptuously decorated, amid a nice airy ambiance, with white-tied waiters taking orders  under a glass ceiling, this is one classy place turning out memorable meals.  Hizzoner should be proud of his new downtown eating palace!
4	We recently held a convention in the Plaza for a few days, mainly because of location to all things Fremont Street & Downtown. Prior to going, I had scoped out a place that some of us could go to sit and talk while having cocktails.  Oscar's is perfect for that. Full Disclosure:  We spent 4 nights in the bar from open to close and on our last night we had dinner.  Lounge:  I'm a Plopper.  I like to sit and watch the world go by.  Depending on your location, Oscars is perfect for this.  There are 3 types of seating.  Standard bar top, high top tables & comfortable chairs and couches.  Unlike many of the lounges/bars on Fremont, Oscar's doesn't cram you elbow to elbow with some stranger danger. We discovered on our first night there, we could happily nosh off their menu. They have an extensive cocktail list as well and full bar.  Sunday night we were the only ones in the bar/lounge portion, but the restaurant itself was quite busy. Our waiter was actually the bartender so our drinks were perfection.  I am a die hard bloody Mary girl from way back but I've discovered the Carolyn - named after Her Honor, Ms. Mayor.  The menu said made with gin, but I can assure you it works well with vodka. We alternated between the Carolyn and a Patron margarita.  At the suggestion of the staff, who all came over at one point or anther to welcome us to the Plaza & Oscars, we had the caprese salad called Jasper & Hunchy's Tomato Salad, the crab cakes & shrimp cocktail.  Excellent and light choices.  Oscar's #1 Broad, who is actually 2 different woman, made it a point to hang out with us several times a night.  Yes we are just THAT interesting. LOL. As our succession of nights progressed we also tried the Jose Leonardo's Roasted Corn Brulee,  Shmuley's Extraordinary Mac & Cheese & Hymie's Latkes. all side dishes from the main menu and all done extremely well.  Our last night, we hosted a dinner for 6 in the restaurant.  They seated us in the prime location, front and center of the window that looked straight down Fremont, as it was bathed in the golden light of Vegas.   I started with the onion soup, continued with Nicky's chicken and finished with a shared creme brulee. Our dinner guest each had the Carolyn cut of the prime rib with various toppings and sides. NOTE: the sides are very plentiful and can certainly be shared family style as are the appetizers. Since these are locals, they are used to the 9.99 prime rip. The Carolyn is NOT one of those, cut and cooked to perfection. Our total bill for 6, including several rounds of cocktails was under $300.00 with a 20% tip.  Since it was still early, we retired back to our spot in the lounge.  Imagine our surprise and delight that the MAN himself came over and sat with us.  Going to Oscar's you won't find yard long drinks or fishbowls full of cheap liquor but what you will find is a throwback to when people dressed to go to dinner, had cocktails at 6pm and considered it an experience instead of just getting as drunk as possible.  Ok we did some of that too.  2nd Full disclosure:  our nightly bar bill for anywhere from 2-6 people ran about $150.00 per night.  Well worth finding this little gem of heaven to watch the world go by.
5	Oooooooooh Emmmmmmm Geeeeeeeee! The food was incredible!! The Crab cakes are a must! they are filled with huge lumps of crab, and lightly fried with this tomato dipping sauce and mustard that was the perfect pairing. The special for the night was Mahi Mahi w/Crab asparagus and bearnaise sauce. Simply put, AMAZING. The mahi mahi melted in your mouth, it was the best! I love the atmosphere, the Old Vegas feel..Those were dope times, better than the superficial places I've been lately. It's pretty pricey, but worth the experience. I'm all for food that makes you write a good review!!
5	This place has it all! Good food. Good views. And great atmosphere!
5	What can I say about Oscar's? The staff is super friendly, and very attentive. I ordered the 12oz Filet. Medium rare. I paired with a glass of Pinot noir and several sides. We were a group of 6, and the special attention we each got was amazing. Being the only guy in the group, I didn't mind being asked my order last. The service, and food made up for it. Located in what used to be Firefly inside the Plaza Hotel in Downtown Las Vegas, I definitely say check it out. The prices are very fair for the hunk of Filet I got. I would definitely go back again!
2	One star for the amazing view and another for honoring my reservation request of a table right by the window in front of the Fremont Street Experience.  I would add another for the great company I was with but that wouldn't really be a review or a reflection of the restaurant :pThe whole experience was rather "meh."  Our server was slow and I did not appreciate his upselling.  As for the food, I've had better steak, bread, and sides at just about every other steakhouse I've been to.  We each ordered filet mignon and shared our sides - creamed spinach, corn brulee, and garlic potato wedges.  Our complimentary bread was an onion bread which I personally wasn't too crazy about.  I liked the garlic potato wedges the best which basically just tasted like a cut-up baked potato.  Btw they ran out of the prime rib over an hour before closing which one of my dining companions was set on ordering so that was rather disappointing.  The cherry on top had to be the loud drunk guys at the table next to us making some sort of comments about Asian people.  How's that for ambience? :/If anything come for the view but know that you can get better food and service elsewhere.
4	We find ourselves in downtown pretty often because of out-of-town visitors who like to stay at hotels on the Fremont. This place always made me curious because honestly it seems too fancy for the Plaza. On the other hand, I heard from a co-worker that the food here was actually good. So on one random night, a few hours before the restaurant opened, we made a last minute decision to eat here. I called and was able to get a reservation. The restaurant is located on the second floor in a dome that is overlooking Fremont Street. Apparently, the location used to be the hotel's swimming pool back in the day.Unfortunately, we didn't get a table by the window, but that's okay. We could still see all of Fremont at our table in the middle of the room. Service was great. Our server was friendly and was very knowledgeable with the menu. The other servers were very attentive as well, taking away empty plates immediately and refilling our drinks promptly. Here is what we ordered:-Johnny Quinn's Crab Cakes: very good! Hot, tasty, and we liked how it was basically just crab. There were a few pieces of red peppers in there but you could barely taste them. The mustard sauce was a nice touch as well.-Shmuley's Extraordinary Mac & Cheese: our server said it was made with 5 types of cheese, but it was very bland. Something to avoid.-Steamed Asparagus: my husband said that they weren't very good and it was a bit cold.-Joey C's Filet Mignon (8 oz): this was awesome! Cooked right and very easy to cut. It was very flavorful and melt in your mouth good!-Prime Rib (Carolyn's Cut): my husband ordered this and enjoyed it. His favorite restaurant for Prime Rib will always be Lawry's, but he said it was pretty close!i was looking forward to dessert, but their kitchen went down while we were there. Our server said that the fans in the kitchen stopped working and they kept setting off the fire alarms in the hotel. We were one of the lucky tables to get our food. The staff was apologizing to other customers who didn't have a chance to order anything. I would come back again for sure because of the great steak and service. Maybe next time we can convince family members to come along and hope that they will take care of the bill! :PFYI - they do have a dress code: business casual.
2	If I had to rate this place on my personal experience I would have given it four stars. The view from the restaurant is amazing (inside and out) I had the french onion soup, absolutely amazing. And the chicken with artichoke and mashed potatoes entree, again amazing. The only thing that would have cost this restaurant a star was my broccoli side, unfortunately it came out cold (very cold) for being steamed broccoli.Sadly I am rating this on our groups experience. We had a party of 8. everything went well from the start. Drinks, calamari (perfectly fried not greasy at all), and salads and my soup. Out of 7 salads one came out with a wrong dressing, not a big deal the salad was eaten anyways. It when the entrees came out that the whole dinner went downhill. Out of 8 entrees only 4 came out right. 2 of the guests who had each ordered the dinner special of the 22oz ribeye were presented with a prime rib, one guested ordered a filet mignon well done with a butterfly cut, received her filet but since it wasn't butterflied it was still very red in the center. Another guests prime rib topped with sauteed mushrooms came out with the mushrooms cold. (not to mention about 2 other orders of broccoli and 1 asparagus order also coming out cold)The manager was quickly at our table apologizing and ensuring the food would be recooked...Which it was. First came out the new orders of broccoli and asparagus, so the guests ate just the veggies while the waited for the meat not wanting the broccoli to get cold a second time. Since a 22oz ribeye and the filet are rather big pieces of meat they took a long time to be brought up to the correct temperatures, the guests who were waiting (While the rest of us ate) were presented with a shrimp cocktail. A nice gesture but after appetizers and salads those who even liked shrimp were getting full and just wanted their meal. Finally the food came back out 2 beautiful ribeyes (Which tastes amazing too). Unfortunately again the filet came out butterflied cut but was STILL very red in the center, not acceptable after waiting 30+ minutes for it to be made a second time. We were offered desserts on the house but for those who ate we were all too full and the other half of the group just wanted to get out of the restaurant. We had asked for the check to be split 3 ways, again many problems (which I understand I am a server and splitting checks is a pain but not impossible!)  Finally after about another 20 minutes our checks were figured out and we could go.I would go back to this restaurant again just maybe not in as large as a group.
4	I have had 2 trips to this place. My first trip was the pork chop, lobster bisque, and bottle of shiraz.  Awesome. Tonight was my second trip.  I ordedred the cedar plank salmon.  I don't think I really wanted salmon but this menu item was on a restaurant that I used to work at.  I think what I really wanted was a piece of my past to chew on.  I miss my Ted's salmon and even more my bison burgers.  I miss having reguars.  I think what i miss the most was my co-workers that made a mediocre chain restaurant into a place that gave me a smile on bad days.  Sharing the line with the kitchen, parking lot breaks with Raul and Paris, playing mfm with my bffs, hiding in weird places to scare people, and all the table 1 talks.  The salmon I ate did not take me there. I think It wasn't smokey enough.
5	Great experience. Our waiter was a pleasure to talk to. Great soul patch by the way, pretty awesome. He discussed with us the different pronunciations of tiramisu based on where you live in Italy. The manager Monty was incredibly accommodating and escorted us to an area where we could enjoy some of their fabulous coffee and a cigarette after the meal. The red pepper roumelade with the crab cakes was amazing. Bone in ribeye was fabulous. Our new puppy border collie Higgs got to enjoy the bone for a solid 4 hours, which they wrapped up for me, and passed out. I imagine the marrow was as incredible delicious as how perfectly medium rare it was. He is spoiled. As a local it was nice to have a good relaxing meal with my dad on his birthday. Great experience, great food. Highly recommend for locals. They should consider a local discount and advertise it, would bring in a ton more business, especially on weekday nights.
2	We were hopeful for a great meal.  The view is great and the staff was friendly.   The food, unfortunately, was not very good.  I had to send my steak back because it was over-cooked.  The next time the steak was raw.  They ended up taking it off the bill.  My friend had the pork chop and half of it was good.  The other half was under-cooked.  We will not be returning.
2	This was our 2nd time at Oscars.  Our first experience was an "Oh Wow!".  Our 2nd time there was a bit of a disappointment.To start things off, the cocktail waitress inside the bar had no clue about the custom drinks on the menu.  She wasn't even familiar with the names of the drinks!  After ordering our cocktails, our table became available.  The hostess said that she would have the cocktail waitress bring our drinks to the table.  It took 15 minutes to finally get our drinks.  My martini was supposed to have bleu cheese olives; and it had regular olives instead.  I did finally get them; but it took the cocktail waitress a couple more requests and another 15 minutes.  I was also surprised that they couldn't transfer my bar tab to the dinner check.Moving on to dinner, the seafood that my wife and mother ordered was very good.  My prime rib, the Oscar bone-in cut, was at least 50% fat!  This cut of meat should have never left the kitchen.  The real kicker is that it was cold.  Not just lukewarm or cool....but COLD.  I sent it back where I think they just poured hot au-jus on it because it still wasn't very warm.As for the service, I was disappointed in our waiter.  He never even acknowledged my mother's birthday, even though I informed the hostess upon checking in (and tipped her $20!).  When the waiter brought my prime rib after I sent it back, he did not wait while I tested, nor did he ever check back to see if I was satisfied with my entree.  At the end of the meal, he commented as to how much of the prime rib was still left on the plate.  I replied that it was all fat that was left...and he simply laughed!I expect excellent food and excellent service when enjoying a fine restaurant, especially when the average bill at Oscar's is around $100 per person.  I am sorry to say that I will not recommend this restaurant to others, nor will I go back.  One or two small mistakes, I can understand; but a series of them throughout the night is unacceptable!  The service and overall experience at Oscar's was just plain sloppy.  There are too many other amazing restaurants in Las Vegas that get it right every time.
5	Outstanding, everything was absolutely perfect.  It was my wife and I's anniversary and they gave us the royal treatment, the best table in the house, the food was incredible, the meat was cooked perfect and the cuts were fabulous.  The service was impeccable and they made the night absolutely perfect.  I honestly don't know what restaurant these negative reviews are talking about, but they couldn't have been about Oscar's.
4	I was dubious this would turn out as well as it did, but the fact is, Oscar's Steakhouse is both a fun place to go and offers really good food. The location is in the Plaza Hotel & Casino in the revitalized downtown area. From the outside, the large glass-walled dining room looks as though it might be old-style Vegas at its worst, but from the inside it's actually quite nice. We've been there twice. The first time the service was excellent, the second time it was very good. The food is whimsically described on the menu, but well prepared. In short, I thought this might just be a novelty place and instead found somewhere to which I'll enjoy returning.
2	We were greeted by very lovely ladies, escorted to our table and then we waited. And waited ..... and waited. When our server finally appeared he was friendly enough, yet unprepared for us. No bread, no water, no smiles ..  The room was unbearably hot - to the point of which you could see the sweat coming through the shirts of the wait staff. But the bread was cold and we had to ask for it after 20 minutes and still no water or drinks. There was no manager on duty ("he is in and out and we never know where to find him" is a direct quote from one of the servers!).The food was so under done it was "mooing", the strip steak was so overdone it was like shoe leather (and still - good luck finding a manager). Bland side dishes, having to ask for water several times, dirty dishes remaining on the table for more than ten minutes (a couple of times). Vegas Baby!!  It's all about the food - Recommendation's, Go somewhere else
5	This is where you come when you want to have a special night out.  When people want to know the old school Vegas that my parents remember, this is where we go.  Not that the place is old, it's just that the staff really take care and enjoy what they do.  That's how this town used to be.  The steaks and prime are fantastic.  I always get the ribeye and it melts in your mouth.  Go on Friday and Saturday early so you can have some drinks and listen to some live jazz.  I wish I could go more often.
4	My friends and I were looking for a swanky yet informal restaurant at which to dine, when we stumbled upon one of the few olfactorily, not to mention visually, auspicious venues in the downtown area of Las Vegas.  Oscar's invited us in via its sophisticated leather-bound bar stools and perfect lighting.  After perusing the extensive wine list at the bar, we were lucky to be escorted into the main dining area which resembled a glass dome atrium which allowed diners to see everything on Main Street and feel as though we were dining at the top of skyscraper.  While basking in the ethereal beauty of the dome, we all remained puzzled as to the restaurant's gregarious tagline, "Beef, Booze, and Broads", which I am not ashamed to admit was another factor in getting us to eat at this intriguing establishment.  Thinking that the tagline simply referred to the finer things in life, we were taken by surprise when a tipsy showgirl sashayed on over to our table, whose bosoms and lips had been artificially enhanced so much that she seemed in constant danger of falling over.  Utterly pleased with how Oscar's had thusfar come through with its promise of broads, we bravely tackled the menu so as to experience the beef and booze.  After deciding on a bottle of Spanish Tempranillo, we decided to order a melange of dishes for the table to share.  As difficult as it was to choose, we decided to order the Spilotro-Style Flat Iron steak, the Alaskan King crab legs, the Cedar Plank Blackened salmon, a few orders of the Cardini's Two-Bit Caesar salad, Shmuley's Extraordinary Mac & Cheese, Steamed Asparagus and Broccoli, and Ralph's Smashed potatoes.  The steak was perfectly cooked to a medium-rare state, as requested, and came brimming with delicious bits of barely cooked garlic, which might turn off your average garlic consumer, but not me, I reveled in its fiery goodness. The crab legs were moist and fresh, and we were tempted to order another serving because we went through the first one so quickly.  The salmon was cooked to perfection and we all watched it tenderly flake onto our forks, each bite brimming with its natural juices. Not being a huge fan of mac & cheese, I was prepared to have little opinion of the dish, but was pleasantly surprised to see that the pasta was not swimming in a cheese sauce, but had been appropriately baked with cheese and cream, so that the pasta had actually taken on some of the delicate cheese flavors, especially something that reminded me of a smokey gouda... c'est si bon!  The broccoli and asparagus were barely steamed (perhaps blanched?) which is exactly how they should be served, and acted as healthy palate cleansers.  Did I forget to mention the Tempranillo?  It was divine.  Each sip reminiscent of lazy, sunny days spent in the spanish countryside... not too tannic, not too acidic, and definitely not too fruity. We finished off our feast with espresso,cappuccinos and a tiramisu for the table to share.  The coffee was exquisite and balanced the delicate richness of the house-made tiramisu.  Overall, my colleagues and I thoroughly enjoyed the experience and would return in a heartbeat.  Bravo, Oscar!
4	Very good food and ambiance.  I think Mayor Goodman sucked all of the charisma out of his sommelier, because she was more dry than a New Zealand Savignon Blanc.  The service was outstanding, and personable.  Very much what you would expect from Oscar himself.  Try "Crazy Phil's Onion Soup" to start, and definitely save room for dessert.  High marks for the latkes and the schnitzel from the table.  Go early to get a view of the Fremont Street experience, or ask for a table with a view when you make your reservation.  Certainly worthwhile.  Enjoy.
3	Meh. The food was good but their service was so, so.  The broads were sweet & entertaining.
4	My husbands birthday was coming up so we decided to try Oscar's. I set the reservation for a Saturday night, the hostess was very friendly and we were seated right away, they have a beautiful view of downtown Las Vegas. For starters we ordered the Johnny Quinn's crab cakes, they were delicious and very appetizing, we both ordered the Spilotro steak, it was appetizing as well but it felt like it needed something, it was too bland, I ordered it well done and I received it medium-rare, I didn't want to bother our server because he wasn't very friendly or helpful to begin with, that's the only reason I'm giving this joint 4 stars. The service from our Server was horrible, on the other hand, our bus boy was wonderful, he was doing everything and also doing our servers job, our server was just standing around talking to his co-workers, we gave the bus boy his tip by hand and left the server a few bucks. They need to improve a little.
5	Wow! Wow! Wow! The service! The Food! The view! We had a great experince at Oscar's! The service was amazing. Really well done. Our server Iggy, was perfect in his demeanor and presentation. The GM Perry checked in. Could not have asked for more.2. The food was very good, Crab starter was well prepared and was done Maryland style with nice large pieces of creab (compared to the more ususal patty style). The chopped salad was touted as being unique and special and it was. My companion had the filet done oscar style and it was prepared perfectly. I had the Flatirn steak and it was absolutely delicious. (although it has a bit of spicy heat. perfect for me but I understand others are more sensitive to this). We tried several good desserts and the chocolate mouse cake was the favorite!
2	Service was excellent but the food was not.  The Weiner Schnitzel was not served with the red cabbage changing the taste entirely and ruining.  I ordered surf and turf with the filet rare.  It arrived medium to medium rare.  The sorbet and tiramasu is a very good dessert choice.  Lastly the espresso tasted like Senca instant.
3	Tried this place a couple of weeks ago.  Had the filet, it was really good, the sides were decent.  The reason I'm giving 3 stars is because of the setting.  It's a really different place.  They have Vegas Flamingo girls walking around the restaurant trying to talk to you while you're eating.  They give you a run down on "Old Vegas" and the good'ol mobster days.  It's kind of interesting, but annoying at the same time.  We just went there to eat, not expecting a show.The food was delicious and well portioned.  It's kind of pricey.
4	When you go to Oscar's make sure you get a table in the dome area.  It has a nice atmosphere, with a really great view of Fremont Street.I started off in the bar area, which has a happy hour every day, including weekends.  It is a really cool area and the bartenders are great, along with the drinks.For dinner I had the salmon and the filet, which did not disappoint.  Oddly enough, one of the standouts of the dinner was the dessert, though.  We got a layered chocolate mousse, that was the best I have ever had.It's not cheap, but if you are looking for a really nice dinner in downtown Vegas, Oscar's won't disappoint.
3	Update:Ok, so Oscar's pretty much pulled it off in the service department.  I'm lazy today so bullet style review it is.- Hostess: Just ok personality-wise.  She didn't seem happy to be there nor did she seem too enthused that we were there.- Bartender:  Outstanding.  He made nice drink recommendations.  He had frequent and friendly conversation with us and even took the time to assist us with menu selections (even though we were not dining at the bar).  Will return just to have apps and drinks at the bar solely based on this guy.- Wait Staff:  100% on point.  From beginning to end the service and timing was impeccable.  You can tell these guys were professionals at this and have been working in fine dining for quite some time.- Sommelier:  Great job and personality.  Even made a comment about my choice of wine that I carried in and offered to decant it for us.- Now onto the food:  Most of the selections were quite good although I feel the portions were a bit on the small side.  My friends wife's steak filet was not delivered per her requested temperature.  They took it back and fired it some more; only to have it come back out completely charcoal-like on the outside.  She had that sent back again and just gave up on the steak and ordered another order of crab cakes.  That's disappointing for a steakhouse to not be able to prepare a steak to the proper temperature.  The crab cakes (what I had for my meal along with the lobster bisque) were all quite good with barely any filler; I liked that.  We've been finding somewhat of a common theme at these "high-end" steakhouses and that is they have a hard time preparing a filet medium, medium plus and medium well.  I mean if your core business and the sign out front says you are a steak house you really should be able to prepare a steak to the proper temperature at all times, no?- The decor:  Very nice and classy inside.  You dine inside the big dome that is visible from the front of the Plaza and the way the dining area is laid out there is not a bad seat in the place.  We were very impressed with the decor, ambience and the somewhat interesting views of the Fremont street area.I really would like to return to give it another go.  To their credit, they did remove the corkage fee for the steak mishap without us even asking; thank you for that.  Overall the horrible start to this event (as noted below) balanced out with great service and pretty good food gets Oscar's a 3 star rating from me at this point in time.  By the way...if you are interested, yes they do provide corkage and the fee is 35 dollars per bottle with a two 750 ml bottle maximum or 1 magnum bottle.Also, don't be fooled into thinking you will be dining at a long standing establishment with a place in history as the sign states "since 1939". Well, that's when Oscar was born....the restaurant opened up in 2011; nice try. ----------------------------This restaurant is getting a pre-emptive 1 star.  Why?  Because it is impossible to get ahold of anyone (i.e. the hostess station) at the restaurant for reservations or questions. I have a reservation tonight at 6:45 (made online via OpenTable) but need to know if I'm able to bring my own wine and the corkage fees associated with that.  I left a voicemail at 3 PM...never heard back.  And to top it all off the main line receptionist for the Plaza hotel has no clue either!Note to the restaurant managers and Oscar (should he care):  If you open at 4 PM (as the voicemail states) you should answer the damn phone when I call at 5:30!So...shall I show up with these expensive bottles of wine only to risk being turned away with them?This lack of availability in the reservations department is completely unacceptable.  This better be a damn fine meal and impeccable service to bring this up from 1 star because I don't care who the "owner" of this place is; right now I'm not impressed.
2	We are Las Vegas locals and have visited many upscale steakhouses in town. The food at Oscars was comparable to all of the others but the service was the worst we have ever experienced!Visit Friday 3/29 at 7:30pm (We had reservations. The restaurant was only half-filled.)The hostess was a young girl who was disinterested and lacked poise. She walked us to our table then pretty much pointed and walked away. Our table overlooked Fremont Street. The view was wonderful.We sat without being greeted by a waiter or busboy for water for almost 10 minutes after being seated. We finally flagged the waiter down and he said, "oh I'm sorry I didn't see you". He had walked by us several times and even helped the table adjacent to us! He did not explain the menu choices, and we had to ask for a wine list.There were many, many other faux pas service-wise but I will not list them all.  The service was very, very disappointing.The broad who visited our table was friendly and knowledgeable. Not pushy. We appreciated that.The food was excellent! Hat's off to the chef! Our steaks were cooked to perfection and all three sides we chose were unique, delicious and nicely presented.We love you Oscar and think your restaurant would be a hit if you cleaned up your service. Until then we will not be back, nor will we recommend your restaurant to our friends or colleagues.
4	Excellent! In every aspect.  The service, the setting, and the food.  I had made reservations to dine here after the show that was at The Smiths Center and although we arrived  here 15 minutes later than the reservation the hostess who seated us and our server and the guys at the bar were all very hospitable and welcoming.   I didn't even have a clue they were closed when we arrived.  Only when I asked what the hours were was when our server told us they closed at 10pm right when we had arrived.  He said not to worry he already had let the chef know that he had seated us and another party who also came from the show.   After hearing what the specials were for the evening I decided on Surf and Turf...Lobster and Filet Mignon. I totally forgot to find out the cost(sorry!)  I know the prices for entrees on the menu were in line with other steakhouses in the area. Our bill came to under 15o bucks so pretty much average for 2 steak, sides, desserts and drinks.   Now this is steak! High quality, grass fed. Light char and  when sliced it was like butta and flavorful! Ordering it med rare is the way to go.  No wonder it's #5 in top steakhouses on the strip.  I told Mr. B. this steak so far tops the other steakhouse we dined at last month. The lobster..was a good sized portion too. Either I was super hungry or my meal was so good because I cleaned up my plate. (and those of you who know me know that's very rare!) The ambiance has a throwback feel of the old Vegas era. The servers have pin striped vest with white ties ala mob inspired. The restaurant is located the dome area of the revamped Plaza Hotel so it has an open airy feel to it. Colors of white and silver, and the trio of huge crystal chandeliers gives it a touch of elegance. This sets the tone for dressy casual wear.  I'd leave the shorts and tanks in your hotel room, but the vibe is casual and friendly enough where you wont feel like an outcast if you are under dressed.  The added bonus of this restaurant are the views from your table or booth. You can catch the Fremont Street Experience light show from this restaurant.  Service as mentioned was excellent. Our server Ray was pretty easy going.  In fact us, our server and the table across from us were all conversing about the Burt Bacharach show we saw. I told him I'm making it a point to make sure I'm seated in his area next time I book a reservation.  The runners kept our table cleaned, crumbed our table and kept our drinks filled. Oscar's "Broad" Vanna made the rounds and came to our table in her showgirl outfit.For the sake that someone looking up this review wondering who is Oscar...It's your Hizzoner! Former Las Vegas Mayor Oscar Goodman and yes this is his restaurant.  ..and yes this is the where they filmed some scenes from the move "Casino" where he played himself the mob lawyer! ..it's not why we wanted to dine here but real happy we did. Will be back again since we will  be seeing alot of shows over at the Smiths Center.
3	We stopped by the bar for cocktails & appetizers after hitting the mob museum.  The bartender was friendly and made a great Aviator.  We ordered crab cakes which were fabulous, the shrimp cocktail - huge and tasty, and the beef tartare - just OK as it was about underseasoned and dry.  The ambience was fab, just I was expecting from Oscar.  The piano player and guitarist topped off the old Vegas-style experience.  Dining room seemed to be packed with tourists on a Saturday night, so I was glad we chilled at the bar.
2	Well I thought for the price we payed we would've been treated like VIP's but I guess we were just another set of tourists to them. Where they really lack is there service! We waited and waited....and their  Broads were a little annoying rather than helpful! No good
5	Located in the Plaza Hotel Casino on Fremont Street Experience in Downtown Las Vegas. The best downtown happy hour period! I told Oscar himself last week when I saw him at an event, he agreed. Half price drinks from 4 to 6 everyday! These are not some crapola drinks either we are talkin' top shelf hootch here. Try the Sazerac. I should also mention the view of Fremont Street as well. Anytime anyone wants to do happy hour there, and if you would like some company, feel free to let me know, I should be delighted to join you. Tell the Mayor that the Duke sent you. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	I went to Oscar's by recommendation of a cab driver. I have to admit I was expecting a total drive based upon 1. the recommendation of a cab driver and 2. the name.   BOY OH BOY was I shocked.  The food and service was beyond amazing and our table had the most beautiful view.  We had a vegetarian in our group in which the Chef and server were more than accommodating.
3	A ok. It's vegas!!
5	Our favorite place in downtown Vegas. Crab stuffed jumbo shrimp.....Omg 4 for $28. Worth it. Can't wait to taste them again when we come backski.
4	Latest update: Kevin B and I have been back to Oscars a couple other times since the initial visits.  I'm growing to love this place...the food, the atmosphere (sans the showgirl) and the service both at the bar and the wait staff.  This establishment will easily earn a fifth star when I have a chance to explore the menu a couple more times.This last visit I had the wood plank salmon and corn brulee.  Fantastic on both accounts!  The salmon was delicious, fresh and piping hot.  The corn brulee was made with very sweet crisp corn kernels...not sure how, I figured it would be mushy but not even close; my new favorite side dish!Highly recommended...great happy hour too!
4	This is a great steakhouse in downtown Vegas.  It gets 4 stars.  Highlights were:- The incrediballs view of Fremont Street at dusk.- Friendly waiters and cool ambiance.- Oscar's awesome collection of photos of him with celebrities as you walk in.- The best crab cakes I've had outside of Baltimore.The Lowlight:- This place has "Booze" in its name, yet my glass of wine (which came delivered in a little carafe) was BARELY 5 oz., if that.  Hey Oscar, for what you're chargin' fer a glass, how 'bout a nice, big pour?  Other than wine stinginess, I strongly recommend this place.  Probably the nicest place to have dinner in Downtown Las Vegas!
5	Had dinner here last night prior to a show at the Smith's Center and it was really a treat. We stopped at the bar prior to our 5:30 reservations and enjoyed some delicious/strong drinks with happy hour prices (try the Sazeriac it's great). Our waiter was Frank who was really wonderful and attended to every detail, including getting a black napkin vs. the regular white for our friend who had black pants on (Frank said he didn't want any possibility of lint getting on his pants that's classy). Frank was very conscientious of our show time and kept dinner moving and a nice but not rushed pace. I ordered the lobster bisque which was wonderful even without large pieces of lobster in it. The rest of the table had Caesar's salad and wedge salad both reported them to be good not great. I had the blackened salmon and it was spectacular, well cooked and perfectly seasoned. My boyfriend had the small prime rib which was amazing, our friends had the small filet which was cooked perfectly and the spice rubbed flank steak which was stuffed with garlic and massive. We all shared asparagus (nicely cooked), potato wedges (great only wish there were more sweet potatoes) and the corn brulee which was the best of the sides for sure. Frank recommended cheesecake for dessert and it did not disappoint (it was flown in from NY). We left at exactly 7pm which was perfect and we were to our show in perfect time.  This is a place I will be back to for sure.
4	Burt says - Oscars Beef, Booze, and Broads. (that's really their logo) is Old Vegas style!!!Finally a restaurant that's not afraid to use seasoning.  The food is NOT top notch.  But it's  a very good restaurant with a really cool room (make sure you sit in the Dome Room or don't even go).  The "old Vegas" atmosphere is charming.  The view straight down Fremont Street is great, other than the new Zip line ride blocking the view under construction.  How does a guy who used to be the mayor and is married to the current mayor allow a Zip line to block the view at his own restaurant?  I'm guessing when construction is completed it wont be as obtrusive..........Or else.  The Prime rib was extra tasty.  Burt's hint - Order it one degree under what you would usually order it at.  Mom ordered the Schnitzel and loved it. Also the Caroline cocktail.  Burt's broad ordered the Halibut.  She didn't "love" it, but if you ask Burt, what the hell is this broad ordering Halibut for in a steakhouse?  For a side make sure you order the corn.  It was great.  The mac and cheese and the au gratin potatoes were OK.  Good cappuccino and very good chocolate moose.  NY style cheesecake was good.Again, NOT the greatest food.  But, very good and as a whole the experience was fun.
4	The good:1. Amazing happy hour at the bar: 50% off the beer! Can't beat a $3 blue moon! Awesome price2. The crab cakes were amazing. Huge chunks of crab meat in the perfect ratio of meat to filler. The outside was also perfectly crispy with the right amount of crunch3. You MUST, and I repeat, you MUST order the Chocolate Mousse for dessert. It was best thing I ate all night. Layers of fluffy clouds of mousse and the bottom layer had a rich rum flavor? or was it espresso? I could not pin it down, but it kept drawing my spoon back for more and more bites until I was scraping the plate clean.4. The onion dinner bread was different and delicious. The service we had was not that great and our dinner bread did not come to the table until after our appetizers were served and then cleared. But the bread was great- warm with cheese baked on top. I can always tell a good restaurant by their dinner bread and this was pretty good.The Mediocre: Chopped salad: The salad already came with pepper on it and there was so much of it that it just overwhelmed my whole palate. The candied pecans seemed out of place. When I would actually bite into one, it just seemed strange and it did not go well with the rest of the flavor profile. The onion strings on top were stale. If they were crunchier, it would have been enough texture to replace the candied pecans. To pass:1. Sally's New York Strip: sorry to say that you should pass on this steak even though this is a steak house. The steak was cooked perfectly- good grill marks and perfectly charred, but there was no flavor! It lacked seasoning and salt. Sorry to say that I wish I had steak sauce but I didn't want to be rude and ask for it. Also the meat was a little tough. Was not tender like I would expect from a higher end steakhouse. 2. The cheesecake- not good. Too dense. You're better off going to the cheesecake factory if you're craving cheesecake.
5	If you are a rib eye fan and are willing to spend a little more than usual, this place will not disappoint!  Was surprised that the rib eye was not on the menu, but waiter mentioned that it was on the specials.  I should have asked how much it was, but it didnt matter.  Every bit of the 32 + oz steak was worth it!  Service was outstanding and a wall was dedicated to pictures and cartoons of Oscar Goodman- quite the colorful figure!  Had a great time- highly recommend!
5	Oscar's proves that you don't have to dine on The Strip to have a great meal.  We have been here several times and will definitely be back for more.  The chopped salad is fantastic and is a meal in and of itself.  It is more than your typical chopped salad and has great texture from the candied pecans and onion strings.  The chicken soup was just so-so.  I didn't eat most of it and wouldn't order it again.The lobster tail is incredible.  You can order it as an add-on to any other entree.  One of our guests ordered a steak and I had the lobster tail as my entree.  I wish that you could order the lobster by itself, so if two of us go and we both want lobster and nothing else, we can get it.  And, perhaps you can and the waiters will accommodate, but from the menu, it clearly states that you can add on the lobster to an entree.  The side dish combinations are also a good selection.  You can pick any 3 sides for $15.  We've had mac and cheese, creamed spinach, and baked potato.  All delicious.  We've also ordered the Ahi sashimi as an appetizer and it didn't disappoint.The view from the dome is incredible.  Make a reservation for dinner when the Fremont Street Experience light show will be on, and ask to sit near the window.  You won't hear the music, but you will see a great light show and possibly some interesting characters!  Oscar's also has some fantastic live music at the bar, who will entertain you as you sip cocktails.  Buxom ladies walk around and visit you at your table (hence, the "broads," in "Beef, Booze, and Broads").  It's kind of corny and slightly uncomfortable, but I won't hold it against Oscar's.  It's not like Vegas is known for being a refined and classy place.  If sequinned and silicone'd vixens are going to fit in anywhere, it's Vegas.
4	We brought a group here. It was ok- I had a steak, potato everything was delicious. A little pricey for what you get- ok service; Show girls were ok, not real friendly.
2	Went here for dinner  7/18.Drinks:Not great.My gf ordered a cranberry and Kettle One.Didnt taste like cranberry juice our server said it was a cranberry cocktail ok no biggie.Ordered a mojito there were so many mint leaves in it she could not drink it ,almost like the whole plant was in the glass,all  you tasted was mint.Appetizers:Fried calamari was excellent.Cold seafood platter,oysters ,mussels, crab leg,lobster tail was ok seemed like it had been sitting for a few hours could have been fresher,one of the mussel shells was crushed so I didnt eat it.Bread was excellent.Salad:Chopped salad was good.Entrees.Prime rib was dried out.Swordfish special ended up being something frozenon a bed of mushy overcooked bland risotto.Fish was overcooked.No seasoning no taste.Sent it back.I would think being a special it would be fresh,I should have asked my mistake.Still if it werent overcooked and under seasoned it might have been ok.Service:ok
4	Service excellent. Food was great. Atmosphere top notch. Will return. Best view of Freemont Street, plus that Old Time Vegas feel.
5	Above average steaks, great sides, a great view of downtown Las Vegas -- and phenomenal service.   A large group of us came to Oscar's and our waiter took care of us as if we were a small table and the focus of his attention.  Our service was efficient and unobtrusive.  However, since we were such a large group, our waiter suggested doing several appetizer plates and side orders for the entire group.  If you have a large group dining in Las Vegas, you can't do better than Oscar's!
5	Nothing come close on Fremont street or even on the main strip. GO THERE and see why the Mayor name and restaurant will blow your socks off.Service, food and drinks all top notch.
5	The food was all top notch one of the best steaks I have ever had. The stories of old Vegas were great from the show girls that work there.
5	The food was incredible, great service and good portions.  The bone in ribeye was the best I have had.Crab Cakes are the best in town, hands down.Only negative is that you cannot finish your casino cocktail in their restaurant.
3	The food, service and ambiance was excellent.  I was very dissapointed with the view. There is a huge wall blocking the view (after dinner we walked down there, its actually a stage for performers). Our waiter was outstanding, we never had an empty glass. I ordered the filet and my husband ordered the Oscar's cut prime rib, both medium rare.  My husband did send back his 1st one, it was very dry and tough. But our waiter replaced it immediately and the 2nd one was 100% better.
5	Great meal, there are only a few tables withe Fremont view, so make reservations early. Fremont light show starts at 7, so pace your dinner. Amy is a true Broad, loved her history of the joint. Scott was very attentive. Rib eye was delicious. Halibut was over the top ! Relax and enjoy the atmosphere
4	We had dinner at Oscar's last Halloween and not only was the food and service great but we had a wonderful view of Fremont Street and all that goes with it on Halloween. Definitely a place to visit if you are in the old section of town and looking for a very good meal with an accompanying view.
1	Wasn't very good at all. First off the hostess totally screwed up our reservation, then offered us a poor table, with a waiter who acted angry that she sat us. Specialty cocktails were average and the steaks were average. Won't be back sorry Oscar :(
4	Steak anyone? On Fremont Street this is the place! If you are a fan of old Vegas, you will love this steak house..
5	Oh...my...god! I had the best steak of my life here. The 8 oz. Filet was so tender, I was gobsmacked. The mashed potatos wer so creamy and delicious, I wished I had skipped the salad. The Caesar salad was kind of blah. The bread they bring is so wonderful, you want to eat a lot, but you better save room for your entree. One of my tablemates ordered the rib eye and it was ginormous. She couldn't finish it, so someone else tried. He said it tasted totally different than the filet. He ordered the mac and cheese and was extremely happy with it. A great place to splurge then walk it off under the lights of the Fremont street experience.
3	A group of ten of us came in on Saturday for a birthday dinner. Half the party got there early and sat in the bar area for a drink. The tag line is; Beef, booze, and broads. They do have all three. The beef was decent. I had the steak tartare and the New York strip. The tartare is the better of the two. The chopped salad with the peppercorn dressing was better than the caesar as well. That tend to be the trend with most of the items on their menu. If we ordered two items, one was the crowd favorite. I do have to make a special note about the jumbo lump crab cakes. They are spectacular. The separation in meat was impressive. It was predominantly crab. If you want to try more than one side, the option of pick any three for $15 is a small savings. The portions are big, so it is easy to share. We got the jumbo baked potato, corn brulee, and sweet potato wedges. The sweet potato was the favorite. It came with a honey jalapeno dipping sauce. I would definitely order it again if I went back.As for booze, their bartenders are good. I have had better Manhattans, but it was nothing to frown upon. My friend tried a cable car for the first time and enjoyed it. Their specialty drinks all tailor towards the sweet cocktail drinkers.The broads are present as well. As we were being sat, we saw a girl in a gown with a large head dress was walking around. Near the end, she asked if everything was to our liking. If you are downtown and do not want to travel then it is a good option.
5	Excellent food and service every time! Most of the time I am allowed the off-menu Porterhouse, which is fantastic! I have seen "Hizzoner" there many times, he is always so outgoing and cordial. I try my best to get Ignacio as a waiter each time, he is such a wonderful compliment to a night out at Oscar's. Make sure to enjoy the lounge before & after dinner, always a pleasure!
4	Classic old school steakhouse next to Golden Gate in Freemont.  NY Strip amazing.  Onion soup really good as well.  We had been to Cut a few nights earlier and while this place isn't as fancy as that, the food was better and not as pricey.  I will return.
2	I have been in search of 3 things in this town. 1. Good Service 2. Better tasting food then my friends or I can cook at home. 3. And a final bill that is in line with the entire experience.After eating at Oscar's Steakhouse on Wednesday I can say I'm still looking! I'll start with the service.  We arrived just before 6pm and were quickly seated in the main room with an amazing view. We were in a booth that sat a little higher then the tables so it really made us feel special. However, looking back I can't imagine being sat anywhere else because...we were the only people there. In other words the entire restaurant was ours! Before my bottom was on my seat our waiter (Frank) and his helper (David) were right at our service asking if it was our first time at Oscar's. As we tried to remove our jackets and find a comfortable position in the booth Frank kept charging on with the history of the restaurant and his long and distinguished service career as a waiter. As my arm was coming out of my jacket I found David waving the menu in my face for me to look at. Two seconds later Frank was ready to take our order. After stepping over Franks conversation about him working during the Johnson administration, I found my self raising my voice to notify him that we would like to look over the menu first for a while. Once he finally left the table we couldn't help but laugh about the amount of excitement we must have brought to the place. It was like we were the only people to eat there in days. Franks willingness to drop by our table and "chat" about his many travels as a waiter never seemed to tire. As it stands Frank has to go down as the kindest, pushiest waiter I've ever had. I took the time to put our most memorable interactions with him below. 1.Frank"You ready to order".My girlfriend "Just a few more moments please"Frank"Well you have to order now because I'm going to get busy soon"My girlfriend"Oh"2.Frank"What would you like miss"?My girlfriend "I'll take the flank steak"Frank"You sure"?My girlfriend "Yes"Frank "Do you know what a flank steak is"?My girlfriend "Yes"Frank"So you know it's chewy"My girlfriend"Chewy"?Frank"Ya Chewy and hard to eat"My girlfriend "That's not a good way to describe a steak"Frank"Well it's the truth"Now for the foodAfter being forced into it my girlfriend got the filet mignon ($32) and I tried the veal ($40). We also decided to get a side of asparagus($9) and another well poured martini ($17). Once at the table it became apparent that the kitchen was also in an unnecessary hurry. Because the presentation was terrible. Her steak was alone on the plate and my veal was just the opposite, it was  pouring over the plate! On top of my extra large portion was a pound of greens that sloppily covered the breaded veal. As I fished down the forest of greens to cut a bite I got lost and ended up cutting a bite of fat. Once in my mouth I quickly noticed that it wasn't meat so I spit it out on the plate. Then I took another bite....it tasted exactly the same as the first!! It seems that the breading was so thick that all you could taste was the grease that it was cooked in. Needless to say, I could cook veal better myself, My girlfriends steak was small but good. However, she can definitely cook a better steak at home as well. Nothing about the food was worth going back for. About the billTo sum it all up...this place is in need of some direction and managment to get a handle on what the kitchen is putting out and control the service staff. It feels like they spend more time on the name of the dishes then anything else. The food is tasteless, the presentation is comical, and the staff is pushy.  They have a great name, great location, and amazing potential but it's obvious that repeat business is not a priority.  Here is my free advise:First step, lower the prices. The food is not better then what my friends or I can cook at home so don't charge more then $17.00 for your most expensive meal. Second, drop the a la carte crap and include some sides with each meal. Finally, add a table wine that won't break the bank so people can have fun and let loose without spending their paycheck on drinks.
3	We had a party of eleven and had a great dining experience. The service was excellent, servers are attentive and efficient. We started off with the seafood/ shellfish platter which was delicious and a nice presentation. The Alpine Chicken Soup was delicious and a specialty there. Everyone enjoyed their entrees. I had the NY Strip, medium rare and it was tasty, although I have had better. We had several sides which we shared. Our favorites being the mac and cheese, and the au gratin potatoes. The ambiance with a view of downtown was a highlight.
2	Service in the dining room is just bad, especially for a restaurant of this supposed quality. Food is mediocre at best. As a local familiar with many of the fine restaurants in Vegas, I know I won't return.Don't go there. There are many other great alternatives, such as Vic & Anthony's in the Golden Nugget, Del Frisco's on Paradise Ave., (both are 2 of the best in the city), Brand in the Monte Carlo, Strip House in Planet Hollywood, Botero at Encore/Wynn. You'll get much more for your money at all of these and many others.
5	I have to say I rarely write a review about a restaurant but I felt that Oscars deserved the credit. This is by far one of the best restaurants in Las Vegas. The service was excellent the food was phenomenal. It was also  nice because halfway through the meal Oscar and his wife showed up for dinner also. And from what I saw they we're very nice and welcoming to all the onlookers and they were not rude about it. I will definitely come here again and recommend this restaurant to anyone.
2	Ok the whole point was to try some place new and we did. The booth was nice as we were able to watch the show on Fremont street. But the rest of the dinner was totally average.The waiters seemed to have a little attitude. We waited 20 min before getting our drink order in and even then it was only cause we stopped the host to ask if we can order. We got asked about our meal when we were already done and had to ask twice for drink refills. He didn't seem friendly when we are a light hearted group.The food was average. I got the tuna appetizer and it wasn't popping with flavor like ahi should be. The calamari the rest of the table got was like you can get anywhere, nothing special. For my main dish I got the crab stuffed shrimp, good not great. I like crab and shrimp so enjoyed but again the sauce and food wasn't popping with any flavor. The asparagus I could make at home. The sweet potato wedges were good but must have been a white sweet potato so not what I imagined and not sure I would have ordered. I don't tend to eat white potatoes. Lastly they brought cheesecake for the birthday, we aren't much into cheesecake but I'm told it was good. Now I love cobbler and have had some good ones based on my travels but their apple cobbler was bland to me. I don't know if it's the apples used or again the spices missing. I can say I have been there but doubt I would go again.
4	Surprisingly good!!  Really good steakhouse!!!  For the first course, we shared a tomato and burrata cheese salad, very tasty and delicious.  For dinner, we ordered the prime rib, Joey's Filet, and the crab stuffed shrimp.  All were very good, the shrimp was fine, but not as good as the steaks.  They have a great deal on the sides, 3 sides for the price of 2.  We ordered the mac n' cheese (we added lobster for only $10), mashed potatoes, and asparagus.  All were done very nicely.  For dessert, we got the creme brulee and the turtle lava cake.  Both very good.  Very good place and a cool atmosphere.  Would definitely come back to try the NY strip.
5	My husband and I recently visited Las Vegas for the first time and decided to be "tourists" to Fremont, desiring to see Old Vegas and the Fremont Street Experience.  After reading the reviews of the various restaurants downtown, we decided to try Oscar's.  This may be the best experience we had during the entire visit - We each had the Filet with Oscar "over the top", the chopped salad, and creamed spinach.  Everything was delectable, with a huge thumbs up on the chopped salad!!  Our server (turned sommelier) was extremely courteous and prompt and was very knowledgeable when it came to assisting us in choosing the perfect wine to pair with our meal - Like the food, the service was exceptional.The atmosphere was perfect for Old Vegas and really encompasses the glitz and glam that one would expect.  My husband put it perfectly when he said he expected Dean Martin to walk in with a cigarette and a martini in hand!! The view of Fremont Street, the piano player, and the laid back "lounge" feel was just perfect.  In closing, I will say that anyone visiting Vegas should not miss Oscar's!! Truly a top notch place!!
4	A friend if ours was celebrating his 55th birthday. I made an online reservation mentioning the occasion and Wow! We had a table right in front of the Freemont street Experience lights, great pictures. The food was excellent and the service was wonderful. At the end of the evening the Duo that was playing music being filtered into the restaurant sang happy birthday and mentioned his name too! He also had a free piece of birthday cake. It makes me wish I had celebrated my birthday there.The only sad thing which is nit a reflection on Oscars is that they do not enforce a dress code. Here we were dressed to the nines among the jeans and t shirt tourists. I long for old time Vegas and I thought as Oscars advertises that kind of image that they might think about a dress code. I would go again and still dress up
5	What an amazing place this is....If you are looking for a high end restaurant with reasonable prices, this is the place to try.  On our first visit we came in for happy hour and appetizers.  The food was so amazing and the staff so friendly we decided to take our sister there for her birthday.  This was our first visit for dinner and it was unbelievable.  The staff were all friendly and accommodating it was a real pleasure to find a place like this in downtown Las Vegas.This is a place i HIGHLY recommend.
4	I had an amazing night here. The staff went out of their way to make sure we enjoyed a classic steak dinner.  Loved the vibe.  More people should go here.  The drinks are a bit pricey, and it's a shame The Plaza Casino Hotel isn't a more enjoyable atmosphere for this great restaurant.
5	A friend took me here for my Birthday dinner.  The food was amazing.  I travel each week for work and eat out all the time.  It takes a lot to impress me.  We had the crab cakes and beef tar tar for an appetizers.  Both were outstanding.  For Dinner I had the bone in ribeye.  It was the most flavorful and tender piece of meat I have ever had!  The service was impeccable.  This is my new favorite restaurant!  The views of Freemont Street were awesome!  Highly recommended!
5	Ok ok.. Oscars! I must say probably one of the best steaks I have ever had!! Got the filet mignon on Oscar style and it was cooked perfectly, very flavorful and the oscar style (it's a bernaisse sauce with asparagus and mushrooms I think) didn't over power the flavor of the steak. Also, the French onion soup was amazing, this is the French onion soup that has started my love of French onion soup.The restaurant is in the plaza and overlooks the freemont street experience (you can see the view of this restaurant in the movie casino where Robert dinero and Sharon stone are having dinner). Great atmosphere and very friendly wait staff. The only thing that didn't make sense was the "broads" thing.. There are ladies that walk around and talk to you to help give you the vibe of the old days I guess I don't know. It's a great idea and I'm sure it could be executed well but the broad we had was very bland, uninteresting and somewhat awkward, it seemed like she didn't know what to say or something kind of just asked about how everything was like a waiter. If there was more substance like "oh where you guys from?" Then maybe some facts about Vegas or how casino was filmed there (me being born and raised in Vegas I would know it all but I mean just  something interesting. Overall at Oscars great food and atmosphere definitely would like to go back and get that filet and soup!
3	Wow. So many years in Vegas and had no idea we had a restaurant named after Mr. Oscar Goodman, who I love and admire. Located at The Plaza Hotel, shaped in a circle-shape, this way nobody is cheated on the view.... We were seated at the center of the restaurant and STILL was able to enjoy the view on the downtown area. The restaurant walls are glass windows and also offers a bar area for before or after. Very classy feel, yet, with a feeling of old fashioned Vegas mobster. Tried the Carolyn Cut Steak and it was AMAZING! Extremely huge, and this is supposed to be the smaller version of the Oscar cut, but GINORMOUS! This place is a must try, especially if you're a Vegas native.
5	If you're downtown this is the best steakhouse you're gonna find. Marylin does all the brunt of the work and runs circles around everybody. They should change the name to Marylin's.
3	I loved the food and everything was just so nice we had a good time, the staff, hostess were very friendly. I had the salmon and the flavor was delicious, everything was wonderful except for our server With the pony tail, he was just rude and had an attitude!
5	I LOVE this place! The restaurant was so pretty with views of Freemont Street from every table. Our booth was spacious and comfy. The food was delicious. The asparagus spears and baked potato were the largest I ever saw in my life! The cocktails were perfect and large glasses for wine. The service was very attentive. Ami "the broad" was very nice and knowledgable. The jazz trio in the bar sounded great. The bar decor was very tastefully decorated. One of the people we were with lost their cell phone in the booth and we got it back the next day. They knew it belonged to us by our reservation. We all were very impressed with Oscar's. It's a classy yet affordable place. We'll definitely be back! It's in a great location too!
4	Oscar chop salad, 12oz beef filet, I would recommend both. Steak was done perfectly. I asked where they get their beef though, our server responded "Midwest, Illinois I think, corn Fed". Like that was something to be proud of...it's not. The service here was very good. Apparently this place is kind of if Iconic. The owner is somewhat of a celebrity, of course that has nothing to do with the food, but if you're looking for a touristy spot, here it is. Everything is Salvatore, we order the creamed spinach, not bad, the creamed corn...actually very good, and the mashed potatoes..had better. Overall, if you're looking for a decent steak and good service, with a view looking straight down Fremont st, this is the place.
2	I love and respect Mayor Goodman, but when it comes to a steak, we can all do better. I only heard one good review, and it was from this guy named David Sadjak, who lives by the motto; "A free meal always tastes better".He loves Bucca Di Pepo, and every second rate buffet in town, that gives him free or half priced food, and in his case, someone else was buying.I had to see for myself. I can only sum it up one way;On Anthony Bourdain's programs, he always tastes the food and then raves how good it is. If he has nothing good to say, he just doesn't say it. He talked with Mayor Goodman about the "old days" of Las Vegas, and did not say one thing about the food.Since I can't say anything nice, out of respect to Mayor Goodman, and his service to the City, I will simply not say anything.
4	Delicious.  Best crab cakes I have ever had.  The Sweet potato wedges delectable.  The cedar smoked salmon was absolutely perfect.  My only complaint (not really) would be that there was way too much food.  Did not expect the proportions to be quite that large.  The crab cakes and sweet potato wedges would have been more than enough for me.  But then, I would not have had the wonderful salmon.  The ambiance is relaxing, quiet and with a view of Fremont st.  Gave our eardrums a break.  Will definitely eat here again.
5	The service was great even though we were the last ones seated. The view was spectacular and the food was phenomenal. For a nice steakhouse, the prices weren't too bad either for a good piece of meat. I definitely see myself going back.
4	Went for happy hour, wonderful! The crab cakes are amazing! I wish they had a cocktail server on duty, which is why I gave it only four stars. The bar tenders were great, made excellent cocktails and had very nice personalities. This is an upscale restaurant and to not have a cocktail server underplays the classy vibe. The fact that there were 2 hostesses for what appeared to be an empty dining room, standing at the podium chatting with one another, seemed like a bit of wasted resources when the bar had about 15 people and very busy bar tenders who never stopped working.It was a Tuesday and it was not super crowded but we did have to leave our lounge area seating to go to the bar to place our order. We carried our own cocktails back to our seating area but our food was delivered. Like I mentioned before the crab cakes were amazing. The calamari was crispy and full of flavor (the sauce for the calamari not anything to rave about) the ahi was wonderful served with delicious pickles.Will I go back? You bet! I am Looking forward to those crab cakes!
1	They apparently have a 15 minute rule.I brought my friends from Los Angeles here, as I've been a few times and had great experiences. Apparently it's under new management? They sat us and waiters walked by for 10 minutes. I flagged one down, he said he would be right back and I watched him help two more newer tables before he came back. I'm still here, it's been an hour and yet to have seen our drinks. We have had to get our own water. AVOID this place.
4	I've been to Oscar's several times and keep going back because the food and service is fantastic.  They are very attentive but not overly so.  The view of downtown is amazing from the restaurant--although it is a bummer they have that new zip line that blocks a good portion (not the restaurant's fault by any means).I always get the filet mignon butterflied well done and they do it perfectly!  The garlic mashed potatoes and asparagus are delicious sides as well.  The dinners here are just so so good. My husband ordered the salmon and I don't even like fish but it looked delicious as well. The only thing I don't care for is the bread--it has scallions and stuff inside it and I'd rather have plain bread.If you go to Vegas this place is worth eating at.
4	Very nice place  great view of Fremont street   Steaks were great sides were excellent.   Dessert was so so.   Would have goneb5 stars if there was a dress code and some music.
5	The food was great! I had the Blackened Salmon it was delicious very moist.I also had the Alpine Village soup I am a local,  and the soup was good but I didn't think it taste like Alpine Village, I love the Broads with the old Vegas look very nice touch as well as the live piano !! Defiantly recommend
5	Exquisites en el donwtonw de las vegas y paladar de lo mejor .celebramos el cumpleanos de martin una comida para 2 alrededor de 150 dollares con el tip.una persona cuida que el servicio sea de primera calidad .va mucha gente formal pero puedes vestir a tu antojo .existe una mecesa d habla hispana cada uno recibe una atencion especial .claro que volveremos recomendamos el steak de la casa y la langosta el cake estupendo.gracias a todos los que festejamos un cunpleanos en un lugar tan especial
1	Can I give half a star?????This was quite shocking actually~ especially for a big name restaurant/bar in Vegas. First Issue~ seated ourselves in the bar....no one approached us, a manager did walk past us, after 12 min my husband got up asked the hostess if there was a cocktail service? She responded yes & pointed to a girl talking to friends at the bar....we did finally get our drinks delivered by the manager who walked past us 20 min earlier.. No napkins & NO olives in the Martini      The table behind was having similar service issues, until someone who is running for Judge joined them, then their service was golden~ except NO cocktail napkins either~  WTF? Even dive bars in the middle of nowhere give u a napkin under ur Beer     Our server (who needs training and lots of it!) Tosha recognized our displeasure & did comp our drinks. Which was nice, however we took our business to the "D" and enjoyed cocktails WITH NAPKINS, OLIVES, APPETIZERS, and the BEST SERVICE EVER FROM ALI~ the bartender @ Adiamo's!
1	Wife and I visited at 5:30pm on a Tuesday. Headed into bar for drinks and apps. Initial impression was positive - big space with comfortable seating. Then a 10+ minute wait for a server to approach us. Then only after we asked hosts if there was table service and was told that the waitress visiting with patrons seated at the bar was our server. Tasha, as we learned her name to be, came to serve us only after being approached by host. She took our drink order and the drinks were delivered another 10+ minutes later by a manager without requested garnish ( blue cheese olives ) and no napkin. A while later Tasha reappeared and asked how were our drinks - to which we responded no garnish no napkin - no recognition of bad service by Tasha. She asked our appetizer order - we said we changed our mind - in large part based on bad service, also because 4 of 5 offerings were seafood ( no beef based app in a steak house!). Tasha comped our drinks. We left and went to rival Andiamos steakhouse at The D. Spent $100 on drinks and appetizers that were delicious and service was excellent!  Oscars needs to get their act together on service standard.
5	Went to Oscar's before seeing a show at the Smith Center. Ambience was excellent. I went during the day, but I imagine it must be breathtaking at night. Very friendly service. Prompt. Onion bread was great. Not going to lie, it is expensive. But it is also an upper class place. I went in jeans and a nice shirt, no worries. I like a casual dress code. Had a terrific meal of a 12oz filet mignon, lobster mac n cheese, asparagus, and two White Russians. Bill was $110, which includes the 20% gratuity. If you're up for a lovely night out and great food, then I highly recommend Oscar's.
5	Fantastic restaurant. An homage to old Vegas. Classy without being stuffy. Reasonably priced, huge portions and delicious menu options.
3	Came here on a Thursday night and was seated immediately. The Broad came by and greeted us which was a plus!I had order the Sally's 14oz New York Strip, the Joey C's Filet Mignon, and a side order of the Alaskan King crab legs. The steaks were made to perfection (rare/medium-rare). When the crab legs came out, I was extremely disappointed to see the portion amount they had to offer for the price I was paying. I was not too happy. It was a measly two legs that were placed on the dish in front of me.Another thing I really was not too fond of was the caramelized onions. I thought I was swallowing a spoonful of sugar with every bite I had of the onions. It was too sweet to the standardized caramelized onions that I am so used to.Overall, the server was very nice and knowledgeable of the menu items! It delivers a nice ambiance for a date night!
3	Nothing special. Got the filet mignon (rare) which was very tender and cooked perfectly...I just wish it was a bit more bloody. Haha. The flavor was alright. Also added a side of king crab legs. For $20 I basically got two crabs legs which were split in half. It wasn't even really good. Texture seemed fresh, but it still lacked flavor even with the addition of lemon juice, butter, and salt. I've had better tasting crab at a buffet and for $20 it was so not worth it. Other people at my table ordered the New York steak, which was decent and again cooked to the right temperature. The flavor was okay for this as well, albeit it wasn't anything spectacular. If you are expecting to splurge on a piece of meat that will knock your socks off, this isn't it. We also ordered mushrooms and onions to go with three of the steaks. It was a total of $24 for the mushrooms and $15 for the onions (3 orders each).  The mushrooms were okay (again nothing special), but the onions were wayyyy too sweet. Now I love and prefer grilled/caramelized onions to raw onions because of the sweetness, but these onions were on a whole 'nother level of sweet. Nobody at our table even wanted a second bite. So uh yeah, the mushrooms and onions were a complete waste of money. Our bill ended up to be over $250 and it wasn't all that...at all.
5	Place is amazing!! Had a wonderful time here Thursday night, everything was great from the app all the way to dessert, even the ambiance was great and Jeff the chef made our experience more enjoyable than ever! Will definitely be coming back!!
1	Let me preface this review by saying that I did not have a steak. But, I have gone to culinary school and the food I did have was quite disappointing, so I was really glad I didn't order a steak. I hate having to send food back when I'm dining with a group (which I was) and my prediction is that the steak would've needed to be sent back.Oscars bills itself as a first class steakhouse.  I'd expect it to have a chef on premises tasting the food and making sure that everything is excellent.  I strongly suspect that isn't the case.  When I'm looking at $100 per person without drinks, I expect a super meal, not something phoned in.I ordered the beef and barley soup, which was described as being made with home made stock and fresh vegetables along with prime rib. The stock was (I strongly suspect) not house-made--it was bland and greasy and nothing like the stock I make at my house.  The prime rib was chewy. The barley was under-cooked.  My husband had the French onion soup and had the same review--it was just awful.I ordered a $15 side of lobster mac & cheese......the lobster was flabby and not sweet.....I suspect it was frozen and then thawed, and maybe they didn't even squeeze the water out.   For $15, I honestly expected very few pieces of lobster but I did expect them to be firm and succulent....which is why people order lobster (or lobster-anything).   My husband ordered what he thought was an entree sized chopped salad and it came doused in so much dressing that it never lost its shape after being squished into a ring form (like restaurants do for things like a stacked tuna tartare).  He said it was mediocre at best.I tasted my friends' orders of au gratin potatoes (okay) and truffled mashed potatoes (very good, but $15?).Honestly, if Oscar's wants to be considered to a first class steakhouse they're going to need to up their game with these side dishes, salads and soups. Who wants a dinner brought down by the fact that the sides and salads/appetizers are terrible?   If you can't make those things well, then take them off the menu.
4	Overall, a nice place for steaks and atmosphere.  The apps were okay, with the exception of the Ahi, which was a bit bland.  The steaks were cooked to perfection, but once again, could have used a little more spice.  The service started out great, but then slipped near the end.  You should never have waiters bring out your main course while you are still working on apps/salads in a restaurant of this caliber.  It was good, but Andiamo was better.
4	My hubby and I celebrated my birthday here. It was a  fun experience and food was good. We had crab cakes, two petite filets, mashed potatoes and four cocktails; spent $150. It was a great experience for the price. Service was friendly and efficient; Bobby was old school (in a Goodman way) and made us laugh. Ambiance was nice. Although it was the Plaza... Can't change that. We both ordered our 8-ounce filets medium rare and both cuts were different; one came out medium and thin while the other was perfect. Luckily my awesome husband traded with me and gave me the perfect cut. He also traded steak knives (the knives they give to the ladies are a little wimpy!!)They gave us cheesecake on the house and it was yummy! Overall I had a great birthday that didn't break the bank.
4	The view can't be beat!  The food is delicious, but sadly, like other reviewers, the service was lacking.  For $100+ per person, I should NEVER have to ask for refills on water, wine or cocktails.  I would imagine that at any resort, the first questions a server would ask would be about where we are from and what brought us to that property.  This was not the case.  Thank goodness the neglect of our server was over shadowed by the food.  The food runners on the other hand were quick, knowledgeable and running their cute butts off!Oscars, you need to train your servers to pay attention to the fact that they work in a 3 star steakhouse in Las Vegas.  They give service that is less attentive then the Outback down the street from me.  I'd love to return for those crab cakes, prime rib and Mac and cheese, but I'll take my business back down Freemont to Vic & Anthony's.
5	Had an absolutely wonderful experience here for a small dinner reception following our friends' wedding at the Plaza Hotel. I immediately loved the ambiance of the lounge. Perfect lighting, classy, and two musicians providing smooth tunes. Our party was about 25 people and we had our own area in the middle of the dining room. Like all the other reviews... amazaball views of an otherwise crazy Freemont Street. And, the service was spot on. Oscar's was very prepared for us and we were waited on hand and foot. The meal was exceptional too. The most perfectly prepared New York steak I have EVER had. The crabcakes are pure divinity - don't pass these up. Overall, a very sophisticated and delightful meal.  Would love to come back.
5	We had an outstanding experience. It is like stepping back in what one would imagine old Vegas to be. The food was top notch. Yes, it is not cheap, however well worth the money. Our waiter was training another waiter, and both were great. The trainer was excellent. We had the crab cakes for an appetizer, they were great. I had the bone in prime rib and lobster mashed, cooked to perfection. My wife had the chicken and my sister had a petite steak, both outstanding. We are from Texas and will definitely be back on our next Vegas trip.
5	Since there is a lot of talk on here about the service, I just wanted to put my two cents in. My company is having a holiday party tonight and I realized in all the Christmas Chaos that a gift certificate issued by Oscar's was set to expire. The fantastic Natashia White was extremely helpful, polite, and honestly made my Christmas season so much better.In a world where customer service usually consists of a rather rude individual putting you on hold for an eternity, I can't speak highly enough of Natashia and everyone at Oscar's. If every business were run this way, we would be a much better city. There is no doubt in my mind that we will go here again and I will certainly refer others as well. A big "thank you" and "Merry Christmas" to Oscar's and Natashia.
5	Me and my wife have dined at Oscar's several times now, and I can honestly tell you that we have never left disappointed. We have been to just about every high end steakhouse in las vegas as we live here and Oscar's in our opinion is simply the best we have ever had. It's not just a one time great visit but very consistent and every time we think it cannot be better it actually is and exceeds our expectations. Be prepared this is a fine dining restaurant and you will pay but you will get what you pay for and leave feeling very well satisfied. Well worth it in my opinion.
