5	Best sushi I've had in Pittsburgh.  Certainly in terms of overall experience.  The presentation of the sushi was incredible.  Even standard rolls (avocado) were better than I expected.  They have some really interesting speciality rolls, including one with grilled chicken (yeah..grilled chicken).  The rest of the food is good, but leaves something to be desired.  We got vegetable chow fun, which was good - but not incredible like the sushi.  I will definitely return.
2	We went here last night and I was eager to try the reincarnation of the old "Richard Chen" which closed a few months ago after it's highly anticipated and well documented opening a year ago.  This decor remains essentially the same as its previous reincarnation which is good, because I find the space perfect.  It's sparse and crisp with super high ceilings and minimalist decor.  The wood is dark and there is a new addition which is a relatively large sushi bar in the middle of the dining room.  I still think the bar is a little small and certainly not a bar meant for lounging or eating.  This is the second attempt at asian cuisine more suited to the Pittsburgh pocketbook.  We had a reservation for 730 PM and arrived a little early without a problem grabbing a seat.  There were a few empty tables when we arrived, but none when we left.  I wasn't too pleased initially when we arrived, because we were sat in my estimation at the worst table in the place.  It's a small two top against a wall near the sushi bar with heavy "traffic".  It took about 20 minutes for our server to arrive at the table and while I did appreciate her apologizing for the wait we found ourselves waiting for drinks, etc much of the rest of the evening.  I'll chalk it up to a new restaurant trying to find its rhythm.  We started with our drink standards...Annie with a vodka/tonic and me with a ketel dirty rocks.  The vodka/tonic was not good.  My dirty martini lacked olives and much flavor at all.  I also tried the tomio sake, which tasted pretty good, but was served in this tiny like bellini glass and was a very small serving for $7.  We started with a couple appetizers.  Annie ordered the chicken satay which is served with a peanut dipping sauce.  This was a pretty good dish, the chicken was moist the sauce strong, but not overpowering.  Paying homage to my west indian descent I ordered the roti canal.  Roti is a type of flatbread used with almost every meal in India and much of West Indies (Caribbean).  I consider myself a bit of a roti conneoisseur (sp?).  I'm pleased to say this was quite good.  It was warm, soft and buttery.  The curry sauce was pretty good, a bit thicker than I'm used too but good all the same.  And, both apps' were only $6 and $5 respectively.  Annie ordered the general tso's chicken and they were able to accomodate her request for only white meat.  It was fine, nothing memorable and certainly the healthiest version of general tso's I've ever tried in that it was breast meat and it wasn't fried.  I'm always eager to try a new sushi place, so I wanted to sample a good amount of the options.  I was happy to hear that everything on the menu was in stock...too often I find restaurants with expansive sushi menus only to find out they are missing the most interesting items.  I started with the sunomono which is a seaweed salad with cucumber and shrimp.  The seaweed was flavorful, but the shrimp was lacking flavor and not much of a portion.  I next tried the spicy tuna on crispy rice.  The ricecakes were what you'd expect I guess...bland, flavorless.  The only reason I ordered this was so I could add the quail egg ($1) to the mixture to increase the richness of this already rich mix.  The tuna itself was good and the two raw quail eggs were a fun addition and the quail egg was presented well on a foundation of wasabi.  I would of liked to order a very large selection of sashimi, however you could only order the sashimi in 6 pc .portions so that would have been a rather expensive ($10-$12) choice if a sampled a wide variety.  Not that the $10 is expensive for 6 pieces, I just would have prefered to pay $5 for 2 pieces and tried a wider variety.  I settled on the salmon sushi and the "fatty" salmon sushi.  These were both quite good and prepared properly.  I really couldn't tell the difference between the fatty and normal salmon, most likely just a way to get the consumer to spend a buck more on the fatty option.   Overall the food was pretty good.  I'll probably stop back if I'm in the area to work my way through the rest of the sushi menu, however even if the food was 3 or 4 stars and the prices reasonable.  Our table wasn't good, the drinks were pretty bad and the service while friendly was slow.  Hence, the reason for the 2 star review.  I'll give it another shot soon and hopefully update wth another star or two.
4	GREAT SUSHI AT GREAT PRICES! AFFORDABLE AND TASTY PAN ASIAN EATERY!So - long story short - some of our best friends invested in this place and help run day to day operations. They are an ethnic Chinese couple who grew up in Vietnam. They are wonderful cooks with rich culinary backgrounds and really put a lot of effort into this new place along with several other Asian American business folks in the area.The eatery is Pan Asian so they try to touch on a several different flavors throughout Asian Cuisine including Indian and Thai. And the real show stopper is their sushi! One of their head sushi chefs comes from such notables haunts as Nobu - so it's no surprise their are some really great sushi rolls to be had. My fav is the Dixie Chicken Roll and the Rock and Roll. When I'm no longer pregnant I will work my way through all the cooked and non cooked rolls!What the owners have stressed here is the reality of the neighborhood. This former Richard Chen's space is now a more relaxed affordable place that people can make their own and hang out at. Instead of the Richard Chen's bank buster - here you can afford to come once a week and have sushi and not break the bank. Understanding your audience is key to success and at Plum I think they understand that better than Richard Chen's.We had nearly every dessert they make and all the ice creams are excellent. Apparently they did retain the old pastry chef from Richard Chen's so your gonna find really inventive and thoughtful desserts here. Definitely save the room!!!!!!!!Plum does lunch and take out as well - so think about stopping in to sample more during different times of the day.
4	Let me preface by saying I would give this 4.5 stars if possible.Okay, I was a bit skeptical about Plum when we decided to go.  Plum is located in what had been Richard Chen in Eastside (cusp of Shadyside and East Liberty).  I am usually skeptical of Pan Asian or "Pan-Anything" because it usually means that they o everything at a mediocre level.  I was very pleasantly proven wrong.1.  I tried the Fatty Salmon Sashimi appetizer.  It was absolutely fabulous, by that I mean possibly the best salmon I have ever eaten.  2.  The Roti Canai was really great--so good that i decided that I had to recreate it later that week at home.3.  The Tom Yum Gai (Chicken with lemongrass soup) was good, but not outstanding--a bit bland.  4.  The green curry chicken was really great.  It was not very spicy---and I like spicy but that was okay in this case.5.  The Pad Thai was in the middle of all PT's that I have had.  6.  The Honey Glazed Chicken with Walnuts was really really great.  I normally like my Asian food blazingly hot but this was fantastic, clean, and delicious.7.  The desserts (ice creams and sorbets) were brilliant.  We had a white chocolate jasmine ice cream that was awesome and a Thai Iced Tea Sorbet that was very refreshing.
3	Great ambiance, very chic and modern. Plum has a very cute small bar in the front that is great while waiting for your table. Also, coming from Boston it's nice to know Pittsburgh is FINALLY getting some sushi places that are good!My friends and I ordered some wine and sushi, the wine came quickly and we waited almost an hour after that for our food. We were chatting away but also growling for some food! It was very odd. The waitress seemed slow and disinterested. The host was a very fast, polite man but this waitress was weird. She told me they made my sushi wrong and then I just waited longer than my friends. Either way, the sushi was great! I got a Spicy Salmon Roll (which was about 6 pieces and delicious!) And a Skinny Roll that was SO good! Marinated veggies with slivered avocado on top! So delicious! I would definitely go back, interesting menu with asian fusion of thai too. Nice atmosphere. Good date place. Just hopefully get a different server than we did! Also, very convienent parking right upstairs in Borders! Very nice. When I'm in town next I'll come back and try more!
3	Echoing the sentiment of the 12/29 reviewer, I am mystified as to why a restaurant that has so much going for it - delicious food and drink, lovely decor and ambience, a great location with ample, free garage parking - would let poor service so mar the dining experience.I ate here last night with a group of 6 friends.  We had a reservation and were seated at the first table near the entrance. We started with a round of drinks.  I had the Oh So Gingerly which pairs ginger with Maker's Mark.  They were all great, though took perhaps 20 minutes to arrive.  We shared a few appetizers, which were delicious, often served with sauces that complemented them quite well, though one plate failed to appear (and did not until we asked about it later, finally coming with our dinners).  We continued to eat, wondering if we could get water refills, seeing managers and servers walk by over and over without stopping.  Finally, 1.5 hours in, appetizers long gone, we were able to place our dinner orders.  When the dishes arrived, I confirmed with the man distributing the plates that mine was what I had ordered - "Mee Goreng?" and he said that it was.  Several bites in, my friend and I realized that we were eating each other's meals.  Again, everything was delicious, but we always seemed to need to flag someone down to proceed to the next stage of the meal.  Of course, being rushed is no fun either, and to be fair, we were a group of friends enjoying each other's company and not in any particular hurry, but it became quite frustrating. At one point we wondered if our server had finished for the night, because we did not see him for so long. The dessert menu, too, is full of a variety of tasty things impeccably presented.  All our selections were enjoyed.  Our check came with an 18% gratuity added, and it was nice to not to have to think about how to tip for the good food we'd had, and the spotty service.  There is a lot of potential here, and hopefully the staff will refine their approach.P. S. This is petty, but I also can't trust any place that does their menu in Comic Sans.
4	Until today I would've said that Original Fish Market was my favourite sushi place in town.  The sushi I had - the fatty tuna, tasmania ocean trout, eel and salmon were all delicious and perfectly prepared/cooked/seasoned.  The rice was delicious, the ginger was fresh and not mushy and our server was both knowledgeable and friendly.I love this restaurant and call it a resoundingly wonderful addition to the Pittsburgh restaurant scene.
4	Let me first note that the sushi was a 5/5I got the sushi dinner. 7 pieces of nigiri and your choice of either tuna roll or california roll (could make either spicy for no additional charge)The tuna roll was typical, but was a pristine example of what a standard tuna roll should be. Rice packed nicely, quality tuna. I asked for the spicy sauce on the side, I wasn't crazy about it but that may be my general feeling towards most spicy sauces.The nigiri pieces were perfect. The rice was the perfect consistency and size (bite size) the cuts of fish themselves were much more generous. The rice was actually similar to that at uni, but the pieces were larger, and no accompanying sauces. Every piece was exceptional, and the entree itself is quite a steal at $20.The chicken satay was good, but standard. I did particularly enjoy the pickled carrots and jimica served along side. The satay sauce itself was quite good, on the sweeter side, and not much heat. The sweet and sour soup was also very tasty, a subtle heat so that you know you're eating something spicy, but no real burn or anything close to unpleasant.My dining companion chose the vegetable pineapple fried rice. It was tasty but nothing spectacular. More ore less a mound of rice with some broccoli, egg, cashews, and large chunks of pineapple. Good, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it. A savory meat added to the dish may have made it quite a bit better though, and I definitely wouldn't object to having it as a side to an entree.The tables at the restaurant are a bit closer than I feel comfortable with. There are about 2 feet between yourself and the next table. I could hear the conversations on either side of me in full.Our waitress (Stephanie I believe) was very knowledgeable and accomadting.  She did not rush us in the slightest, all I could ask for from service.Cliffs:Sushi is fantastic, and sushi combo is a hell of a dealother sampled dishes are goodtables too closeI'll definitely be back.
3	I want to give Plum a better rating, I really do.  I would go for three and a half stars if possible. Overall, the decor and location are great.  I only go to Plum for the sushi, which I can safely say is excellent.  The prices are reasonable and the quality is fantastic. However, it is the experience with the service here that brings down my rating. The first time I had gone, it was a relativity slow day, and although our food did take a while to get to the table, it was nothing to complain about.  I quickly forgot my annoyance by how wonderful and fresh the sushi was. Onto my next visit:  The service was literally one of the worth experiences I have ever had at a restaurant.  I understand it is difficult during the crazy lunch rush for the servers, but once we placed our order we never saw her again.  No one came to re-fill our water glasses, we were sitting at the sushi bar so the sushi chef gave us our food, and I then waited for almost 30 minutes for our check.  When I realized she wasnt even coming over to our area, we went and gave our cards to the front of the house.My biggest suggestion: block out a significant amount of time before you visit Plum.
5	I'm a slacker about reservations, so going in on Feb 13th, I shouldn't have been surprised it was booked.  We sat at the bar, and let me enthusiastically recommend this option to everyone - the service was fast, fantastic and the food was just as good as the first couple times my husband and I went.
3	Going to Plum is mainly about going for the ambiance.  First thing I noticed as I walked in on a Friday evening; I was about 20 years younger than the average age.  Most of Plum's patrons appeared to be of the Baby Boomer generation, with some older and some younger.  Anyways, on with the food.We split a South Beach roll as a starter and for entrees she had a chicken and asparagus and mushroom stir fry while I had their pan-seared duck breast.  The South Beach roll was interesting; it was hollowed out cucumber slices with tuna, white fish, avacado and tobiko.  I'm use to the more traditional methods of having sushi (sashimi / nigiri), so the crunch of the cucumber replacing rice was definitely different.The chicken and asparagus stir fry is what you would expect the dish to be; thinly sliced chicken stir fried with chopped asparagus in a basic sauce (soy + corn starch).  Although it is a pretty basic dish, I do have to give them lots of credit for cooking the chicken to optimum doneness; it was tender and juicy as opposed to your typically overcooked chicken.The seared duck breast didn't meet my expectations.  I expected well, a whole duck breast that had its fat rendered out and was seared.  I guess for me, hearing seared implies not cooked well-done all the way through.  Anyways, what was served up were five fatty duck breast pieces smothered in sauce.  Duck is a fatty animal, and thus when it's cooked, the fat is typically rendered out so it doesn't overpower the protein/rest of the dish.  Unfortunately, even though the duck was juicy, all I could think about the entire time was the excess amount of fat.  I would have also liked a tad bit less sauce overall.With a drink each, our total came out to be around $80.  Don't get me wrong, I don't think Plum is a miserable place to be, just for me personally there are other restaurants that serve up food more in line with my taste at the same or even a lower price point.  For me personally, I might head to Plum if I'm trying to impress someone who cares more about ambiance over food.I know Plum has a lunch menu as well; I'll update my review after I try them out during the day.
3	The food was really good but the service was awful.  There was a 45 min wait so we sat at the bar.  There was one bartender for a room full of people, took forever to get a drink.  Then once we were seated we waited for almost a half of an hour before the waitress came to take a drink/ appetizer order.  The food was very slow and the drinks even slower.This place is poorly managed but the food is great.
4	Contrary to other reviews, we actually had superb service! The bartender for pre-dinner drinks was attentive and friendly and our waitress didn't miss beat. (Maybe they've been reading the reviews and stepped up their game!) My friends and I are all vegetarian and it always makes us so happy when none of us have to order the same thing because of lack of options. Plum lives up to its name of a Pan-Asian Kitchen - we had an Indian appetizer and Japanese, Chinese and Thai entrees. We skipped out on desert because we were just too stuffed. Classy joint and I look forward to going back.
5	Came here again for dinner.  Again everything was really good.  Service has improved from before, and even then it was solid.  There is a fried calamari dish that is better than any I have ever eaten.  The Fatty Salmon sashimi remains amazing.   There is a dragon/lobster sushi roll special that a friend ordered that was great--but a bit difficult to eat.  Every dish was good to great; there was no one in our party of seven who gave any of the dishes a thumbs down.
4	Great Asian dishes, good presentation and value for money for lunch . Especially after our family rip off at Sakura.
3	After a long walk on a hot day, my husband decided to take me to Plum. He'd heard some generally good things about it. The place was indeed pretty nice (ambience +) and the service was actually pretty good. Because we didn't have reservations, we ended up opting for bar seating, since they were full on reservations. Plum had a lot going for it, but I thought the food could be better. The hubby pretty much said the same thing that W Z. had... "there was nothing Beijing about the Beijing pork loin". It also tasted like the meat should have been marinated in the sauce, if they were still going to use what they had.. We also had the red curry. For both, it seemed like some of the ingredients were skimped.. there is such a thing as subtle flavoring, but just about everything was barely there... except for the spice, which they handled well enough. I think I would like them better if the food had more flavor, more personality. It wasn't bad, but I know I can move on to something else.
3	I'm very very torn about how many stars to give Plum. Very torn.Here are the positive things:+great sushi+great interior+very solid appetizers and a knock-out hot and sour soup+good drink menuBut the negatives, oh...-service is almost non-existent. I've had to get up after 15 minutes of being ignored after being seated to ask if we have a waiter. No one even brought us water (!!) Then, the woman I asked, instead of apologizing, made me feel guilty by telling me that she wasn't my waiter, but she supposed she'd get us water and take our order (I suspect she was our waiter). This is not the only service horror story I have-price. Look, I get that this place is nice, but you can't charge this much for food and have service this bad. It's just insulting to have a waitress in sneakers when you're paying for a $30 plate of sushi. Oh, and more staff issues. They have some guy busing tables in a baseball hat who has certainly been stoned every time I've been there. It's amazing. Food: pretty great, if a little pricey. Service, staff, etc: Horrifically bad. Fire the staff, re-hire people who know how to dress appropriately for the atmosphere, politely attend to customers, etc. Also, if you're going to have non-wait staff bus tables, you need to have them dress as waitstaff and politely take items. The guy they have now is like a (stoned) bull in a china shop. No one wants to pay that amount of money for food and be ignored.
4	After driving around this corner so many times and seeing the place look fairly crowded I was looking forward to trying it, although I really had no idea what to expect.  Who knew I'd find really good sushi at decent prices in Pittsburgh?  I certainly didn't think so, but I was wrong.  The food was good, service was good (although we got there right when it opened for dinner) and were very pleased.  I would definitly go back.
3	A great place to take your Pittsburgh-rich suburban parents for some crowd-pleasing but not particularly inventive Asian fusion fare.
4	I came here with a group of friends on a weeknight. (Although we made reservations, I don't think that was necessary).The atmosphere is lovely, modern but not cold. The sushi was very good though a little pricey. I wasn't a huge fan of the chicken rendang but perhaps I should've gotten the traditional beef instead. I would also echo others' sentiments that the service is slow but I've only been there once.Still, I really like this place for its relatively unpretentious but somewhat fancy atmosphere.
4	Good place to grab Sushi in the Shadyside area.
4	This place is so great! I feel bad that there's so much construction going on around Penn Circle because it's hard to locate right now. The ambiance is fantastic, very hip and trendy. The food is also fantastic! It's a mix between Japanese, Chinese and Thai. You really get the whole spectrum of Asian foods. We had sushi for an app, Thai for dinner and of course martini's for a drink. Even the martini's had an Asian influence, as they offered lychee Martini's with a fresh lychee at the bottom! Don't let the construction scare you off!
4	My friends and I attempted to go to Spoon without a reservation and, as a result, there was a two-hour wait. As one of my friends said, I won't wait two hours for a table in Paris, why would I wait that long in Pittsburgh? With that said, we headed to Plum and, while we had to wait 30 minutes for a table, the bartender was pleasant and made us some great drinks. Once we were seated, we waited fifteen minutes before I had to seek out our waitress. Because of this, the manager treated each of us to a drink. We shared the tempura entree (which was REALLY good) and I had the pad Thai (which was not the best I have had, but certainly not the worst). The design, the bartender (Lauren?), and "the customer is always right" attitude won me/us over. If you want to eat here on either a Friday or Saturday night, I HIGHLY recommend a reservation.
3	This is a solid pan-Asian restaurant on the border of Shadyside and East Liberty.  Their menu has a sampling of the more popular Chinese, Japanese and Thai dishes, but doesn't contain a lot of exotic Asian dishes or items from more exotic places like Malaysia, Vietnam or Laos.  The sushi is solid, and the bar is small but the bartenders are skilled.  It's a particularly solid place to go if you're with a group that has a varied palate range.
5	On a Friday evening after some difficult searching for restaurants with available tables, two friends and I lucked out by finding spots at the bar in Plum.  It couldn't have worked out better - Nancy, the bartender, was wonderful and friendly.  One of the persons in my party had never tried sushi and Plum quickly turned him onto it, as we ordered five various (and delicious!) rolls.  The food, drinks, and service were all wonderful... as was the atmosphere and energy and aesthetics
1	I finally got a chance to go for some sushi with friends after 7 months of being in Pittsburgh.  Nice atmosphere.  NOW THE DOWN SIDE!  Took 30 mins to be seated (not such big deal),  took forever getting drinks, then we noticed  people that came in after us were getting their orders and the place was starting to clear out.  Mind you, this is 35 minutes after being seated and placing our order.  So, I ask the waitress  "um...so yeah is our order ready yet?"  Her response "they're making the sushi."  The manager comes and checks on our table.  Why?  He pretty much blew us off.  Another 25 minutes goes by.  Forget it!  Cancel my order!  The next thing ya know...here comes our food.  ARE YOU SERIOUS!   They still charged us for the appetizers/drinks.  Won't go back!  I'm mailing the owner a nice little letter about my experience...ugh!
4	I really didn't want to eat here because I'm not a big fan of Pan Asian cuisine.  So my Stars are strictly based on their SUSHI However after reading some reviews I learned that they sold sushi and since I've moved here I've been looking for decent sushi.  I have to say I think I have found my new sushi place.  But then again I haven't tried umi yet.  The sushi was very fresh and even though it was expensive by Cali standards it was more than I could have imagined.We ordered the Pan Fried Pork Dumplings aka Potstickers and they came with a very good sauce that had ginger and soy sauce in it.We ordered five different rolls:Eel and avocado: which was yummy! Cali roll with snow crab: The crab was very fresh and it didn't have a seaweed wrap it had a soy wrap with made the flavor a little differentGrilled Tuna with asparagus roll:  This roll wasn't our favorite, the fish had no flavor and fell short in flavor.  Spicy tuna: which had the perfect about of spice.I don't remember the last one but it had shrimp tempura and spicy tuna on top.  It was well balanced in flavor and maybe my favorite one.We also ordered dessert which was a carmel cupcake from Vanilla!! They served it with a spoon scoop of ice cream.  It was the perfect amount and didn't leave us filling full.We might not go here every week but at least once every few months since it was very pricey. Great service and great atmosphere.
3	Came here last weekend for a quick lunch with a friend.We got sushi and apps which were both good.Service was meh, at best. We walked in and were told that we had to wait for a table.  Fine, we didn't have a reservation and it was graduation weekend at CMU. No problem.  After about 10 minutes, I asked if we could sit at the bar and eat since it was TOTALLY EMPTY and we'd already been waiting 10+ minutes.  The hostess, was all *light bulbs* oh yeah!  And just as we were about to sit down, the manager came over to tell us that a table outside was ready.We sat outside and ate our sushi.  And then the waiter spilled soy sauce all over my jeans.  He was cute, so we kind of forgave him. Overall, it was nothing special and probably wouldn't go back.
3	Went for happy hour. The food was great and they had happy hour specials. We ordered the general tso's 3 ways, spicy tuna roll, edamame, Ika...all priced well. Now the drink special for happy hour is another story. The vodka special was $6!!! Me NOT like! I wold go back for the happy hour food, but not the drinks. I recommend eat here, drink somewhere else. The place is very posh & the wait staff attentive and nice.
2	Stopped by for lunch with two friends.   We had sushi, general tso's chicken, soup (miso and won ton) and egg rolls.  Nothing adventurous or particularly "special."  The food was okay, about what you'd expect.  A bit TOO straightforward for the prices.   You can get the same quality from other local "storefront" asian restaurants.  The service, however, was HORRIBLE.   We had to ask for soy sauce for the sushi.  Never offered chopsticks.   Had to request refills on the drinks.  My friend's diet soda was flat.  Our server took our orders and then disappeared; we had to flag down other staff to handle our requests.  And those requests took far too long to be fulfilled.  They were, however, very quick to drop the bill on the table and return with the charge slip.  The restaurant was NOT busy.   We were very confused by the poor service.  There's so many OTHER good pan-asian restaurants in Pittsburgh that provide better value for the money and certainly offer far better service.  I'm not sure how these folks will distinguish themselves and stay in business.
2	I'm starting to feel like I only write bad reviews... I'll have to fix that.I'm not a fan.The food was ok, but not great - and at those prices it's really not worth it.We started with Tom Kha soup and the Roti appetizer.  The soup was okay but really under-spiced and unusually sweet for what I'm used to with this soup.  The Roti was really greasy and the dipping sauce was a kind of bland satay.I had sushi as my entree and got their version of a  fantasy roll. The roll was cut way too big so that you kind of had to break it up into pieces or shove the whole thing in your mouth in a really ugly way.  Pretty hard to taste anything either way.  The sushi was really fresh though.My date had the spicy thai duck and he really liked it. I'm not a huge fennel fan so I didn't like it much, but it seemed like it would be good for people who are.  The tomatoes that came alongside were nowhere close to being ripe.The place was really crowded and felt like a cafeteria. The service was polite but about what you'd expect at a diner, they didn't know much about the menu and had wonderful Pittsburgh accents. Cute but not professional.
5	This place just barely gets 5 stars for us. The sushi is GREAT, the rest of the menu is pretty good. It's not the best, but since most the choices are still very tasty, come in large portions, and very reasonably priced when I always take half of it home, it gets that 5th star.We always start our experience with a specialty cocktail, which are all very tastey! I've been here 4, 5, maybe 6 times and tried a different cocktail each time. I approve all, though I am really partial towards the ginger one.Miso soup is a must for our appetizer! It's a small portion, but it's like a little bowl of miso heaven. We will typically follow up with a roll or two. This is our go-to place for sushi rolls. The portions are large, presentation is beautiful, fresh ingredients are used, and they are well-priced for the portion size. The tuna spring roll is amazing, definitely a non-traditional roll but it satisfies us just fine. Our favorite non-sushi item is the basil black cod, served in a clay pot. It's enough for two people to share (if you've had all the previous items we typically order) and you'll be full without paying a ridiculous price. The service is friendly and as fast as you can expect for a crowded dinner place. We typically go a little later and also make reservations so we can get faster service. The ambiance allows you to enjoy the experience and not worry too much about a wait, if there is one.Overall, this is our favorite place to go for sushi and a guaranteed tasty experience, whether its lunch or dinner. Highly recommended!
2	Came here during a weekend visit, and was mildly disappointed. Things started off well. We ordered edamame and shrimp egg rolls. You can't really mess up edamame and the egg rolls were good...loved the sauces they came with.Also, i a few really tasty cocktails...so nice job there.The ladies with me ordered pad thai and a fried shrimp dish. I ordered of the appetizer menu for lunch, a seaweed salad topped with seared tuna. and our food took FOREVER to come out. Several parties were sat, ate and left before our food arrived. The waiter assured us it was coming and almost an hour later, it finally did. The food was good, but an hour?? It was not busy. And although the waitstaff apologized, they didn't offer anything for our wait. I think we were too nice. I f i lived in the area i MIGHT come back because its a nice place to get a healthy meal...but for that wait? i think not!
3	I have mixed feelings about Plum. I've been there twice, and I think they did a nice job on the decor. The location is great, and last night we had a waiter named Kevin who we loved. But the bill was high ($96 with tip) for what we got: a tuna "martini" appetizer (very good), black cod in a clay pot (also very good), and asparagus and shiitake mushrooms with tofu (very bland, and arrived cold). Granted we had 3 glasses of wine (total), but I still feel like it wasn't worth the hit on the wallet. The sad reality for Plum is that one could order a much tastier version of this meal elsewhere for a lot less.
4	This place is totally tofureffic!  Coming off of a weekend of epic tofu fail (when it calls for extra-firm, just do it. Don't tempt tofu fate) I was in the need of a few tasty tofu bites.  And I got what I asked for last night at Plum.  For some reason I expected a casual dining atmosphere.  Maybe it was the outdoor seating that has taunted me daily as I passed by, but needless to say - not that casual a place.  Of course it's no LeMont either, so don't let that put you off.  It's just a lovely place...made me realize I probably hang out in dumps far too often.  I ordered the Tofu Basil Stirfry, upon the recommendation of our very friendly server (Kevin, I think?).  He was absolutely right - the basil flavor bursted forth from each succulent piece of delicious tofu.  Complemented by an array of very fresh, very snappy vegetables and the most flavorful brown rice I've had the pleasure to not leave on my plate, this is one dish I'll certainly order again and again.  My guest ordered the pork loin, which was equally delicious though not as hot (temperature)  - odd, considering our food came out in less than 5 minutes.  No joke - FIVE minutes.  So do yourself a favor and leave your hilarious t-shirt and distressed jeans at home.  Throw on something decent and enjoy a much-more-than-decent meal at my new favorite pan asian Pittsburgh place!
2	Dined here with a friend recently. I recommend the dinner menu rather than the sushi and appetizers, our sushi and appetizer items were mediocre at best. My dinner selection was good, my friend's dinner selection was bland. The service was fair albeit disorganized, we had to ask the manager to summon the waitress for our appetizer order. I may return to give another chance.
4	Terrific atmosphere, creative appetizers, great sushi bar and service.  Salmon tataki was awesome.
4	After getting blown off by my cohort in crime for dinner at Umi. I decided to walk my lonely butt over to Penn Circle for a bite to eats. I decided to sit at the bar and order nyum nyums. I started talking to the bartender about the menu and she gave me some great reccomendations for a few smaller plates since I wasn't quite that hungry.I ultimately ended up ordering the Roti Canai, Satay, as well as the Hot and Sour Soup. All were very delicious. Especially the curry sauce that they use for the Roti Canai I think I could actually drink a bowl of that and still not be satisfied. I actually ended up requesting more of the curry sauce to add to my Satay. I am not shy with my love of glazes sauces and goos. I did end up ordering a drink I can't recall exactly what it was called but it was definitely a ginger inspired cocktail. While we talked about boys, Pittsburgh, and eating alone the bartender ended up working on a new drink she thought might be good for their drink menu. She said she wanted to do some raspberry chocolate strawberry flavored concoction and she asked for my opinion of how it tasted and gave me a sampling of what she mixed together. Delicious!  Hopefully that raspberry, chocolate, strawberry concoction is on the menu next time I decide to go.I'm going to give Plum 4 stars solely because their menu is a little too overwhelming I like options but too many can be baaaaad.
3	Atmosphere lovely and serene.  I had the hot and sour soup which was quite tasty, but pretty much like all others I've had in my life.  For my entree I had the basil chicken with brown rice--it was fine, nothing spectacular.  I don't think they used Thai basil in it, just the regular sweet basil, and I was disappointed by that.    My favorite Thai place, The Green Mango, has a fabulous basil chicken--this did not compare.  Overall, it was good, but I will not be running back to it like I do with the Green Mango.
1	I went for dinner on New Years Eve. I went early, when if was not yet busy. In short, the food was terrible. My fiance and I ordered pad thai and another noodle dish, and they were flavorless, with overcooked noodles. I did order tamago from the sushi bar, which was quite good, so maybe the sushi is better? But I think this place  caters more to a bar crowd than an eating crowd.After eating a third of the food, we got it wrapped up, paid, and walked up the block to Kanok, another Thai place where the food was absolutely delicious to the point where I ordered a second dessert.
4	I enjoy Plum, but this doesn't get a higher rating from me because the last couple times I have been, I sat outside and the wait was horrible. Not only to get appetizers and entrees, but water or drink refills too. Both occasions it took 2 hours for 2 people who ordered drinks, apps to share and entrees. Otherwise, I enjoy the food and sushi is good, just wish my food would one quicker.
3	I have to state upfront that I am not a fan of Asian cuisine.  However, I was convinced to try this place which seemed to be nice.  We went on a Wednesday night and the place was not very crowded.  The ambiance is great and the service fast and helpful.  The plate I got (the Vietnamese pork) was nice (maybe a bigger Asian kitchen fan would have found it awesome).  In general I would not be so negative going back to it and trying a different dish as well.
4	I recently had my birthday dinner here and had a lovely meal with a large group of people.  They have tables that fit up to 12 people together which was quite perfect. I ordered vegetable chow fun and the vegetable pineapple fried rice, both were decent.  I sort of wish I had tried the basil black cod which sounded delicious but I wish it wasn't battered and fried.  My friend tried the thai spicy duck which was tasty although a little rich with the fatty duck and the heavy sauce of the dish.  The food here is nothing extraordinary and not the best value for what it is but you are really coming here for the beautiful interior and the atmosphere.  They invested a lot of money into designing and constructing this restaurant for a place in Pittsburgh; I love that they have high ceilings.  If I had the disposable income I would come here often for sushi!  For now I'm happy with getting my raw fish fix in Oishii Bento in Oakland where they have great fresh sushi at a sweeter price point.  The service wasn't the best and 18% gratuity was automatically added onto the check as our party was 6 or larger.  They have a coat check and a smallish bar by the entrance.
4	This review is only for lunch/sushi. I've heard that sushi is the way to go here. I came in with 2 coworkers, both who are vegetarian. My supervisor was buying so I didn't go overboard, but some of the specialty rolls sounded amazing. There seemed to be quite a few options with multiple types of fish. Not just a few slivers of fish and other fancy additions that rack up the price to $14. I ordered the lunch combo which was 2 rolls and a choice of soup. I started out with the shrimp won ton soup, which was a nice change from miso. I was glad I was able to taste actual shrimp in the wonton. My rolls were the spicy tuna and the eel roll. I was pleasantly surprised so see the spicy tuna had asparagus in it. Something different to set it apart from other places, and it was very good. The eel roll was great with some eel sauce on top that wasn't too overpowering. I was full after my meal and felt satisfied without breaking the bank.A note for vegetarians and vegans, my supervisor asked if they had vegan options and our waitress quickly brought over a menu. Not just "oh we can give you a salad or some rice" they had a decent sized vegan menu, and obviously more vegetarian options. The inside is beautiful, and I had a great time. I can't wait to go back later and try some of those specialty rolls!
3	It wasn't bad. It wasn't good. It was a-ok.The ambiance was nice - made me feel as though I was in New York City. When I realized I looked like a classy hobo, I knew that wasn't true anymore.Since this was my first time, I ordered the Simply Cashew with chicken. It sounded simple and tasted... simple. I also split a couple of sushi rolls with my boyfriend and they were awful. I'm always hesitant about ordering sushi from a place that offers a variety of Asian food. Honestly, I would've been happier eating sushi from Giant Eagle.I decided to cheer myself up with a Pomegranate Martini. It was delicious. Definitely a bit tart but I think that's why I enjoyed it so much. You could hardly taste the alcohol, but it definitely packed a punch towards the end.For dessert (of course I had to have some), I ordered two scoops - one of green tea and one of red bean ice cream. That was also fabulous.To sum it up, I would've been happy if I stuck with drinks and dessert. Again, I wasn't impressed with the food, but if I had to dine there again, I would give it another shot.
5	Plum is a great option if you want sushi and prefer a more upscale atmosphere. Sky is an excellent sushi chef, and try to sit at the sushi bar so you can watch his work. All the fish is very fresh and beautifully prepared. There is a small and nice bar area with a TV, and the restaurant is very nicely decorated. I adore the plum/lychee martini!
3	Stay just a few blocks away from Plum and was fond of this place due to the proximity and vegetarian options. Unfortunately on my last visit there the quality stooped low and the my usual "Me Goreng" dish was filled with egg! While I normally specify at restaurants, the way I like my dish. Given my previous experience, I knew what to expect. Unfortunately I learned that that wasnt the case. I would have preferred the consistency in dishes. On a positive note, loved the Roti canai appetizer!
3	I really enjoyed the curry and atmosphere. I would put this on my "maybe one day I'll go back in the future".
2	Staff was great...food was average at best.  Not much more to say...
5	Amazing. I had the opportunity to dine here solo tonight since my husband is out of town on business. Food was perfect.Tonight, for I believe the first time a "chef's special" was simply that in all its sweet and savory spectacularness- SPECIAL. I order all sushi. The chef's special was a tempura wrapped sushi stuffed with decadent chunks of white tuna, wrapped in fresh avocado, topped with gobs of lobster salad. Seriously, does life get any better than this? It is lightly doused with mango puree. It sounds like it would be too sweet. But once dipped in soy sauce and heavily soaked fresh wasabi= HEAVEN. The pearly gates serves this dish daily. Dramatic much? I think not. I spoke with the chef, as I dined solo at the sushi bar. I raved about his food and I shared with him that I have had the first REAL chef special I have ever eaten. He humbly and plainly shared with me...sushi can be so simple: fish, seaweed, and rice. I think, I must take sushi to an elevated place. And he did. I am elated at the final products.I also ordered the Marilyn Mon Roll. Let it be known: I am a die hard spider roll fan: fried soft shell crab, avocado, cucumber, masago fish egg...tonight I have become a changed eater. The Marilyn Mon Roll is spider roll meets decadence. Fried soft shell crab, cucumber, tobiko caviar wrapped in avocado, topped with spicy mayo and eel sauce. The avocado is interestingly wrapped on the outer side of the roll. This highlights the chef's excellent knife skills. Slightly thicker than paper thin. All the flavors are balance. Many places in the 'burgh can provide an extraordinary meal but left unbalanced and often times missing...something. Not here raw fish lovers. Come one, come all- only if your refined palette can appreciate this experience.Don't be deceived...this is not "fake" sushi found at such places as the wanna be sushi joint that immature sushi seekers flock to in the southside. Loved is the art, skill, and tradition turned modern interpretation here.
1	Ok so...hmm. Plum. Well. Um...I think I'm just going to keep this brief and to the point.I decided to sit at the bar. When you're eating alone the bar is the way to go.Service: The staff here is very stand offish. The bartender and the host were very unfriendly. I don't know if they had a bad day or what but with the host I asked hervto charge my phone for me which seemed (from the look on her face) to be more of an annoyance than anything. The bartender I don't know was either just very aloof or just it was his first day behind the bar. I dunno staff friendliness is high up on my list as far as quality service is concerned and from what I could tell neither had that quality at all. Anywho...the food. Dear god. Bad chinese is probably better. I ordered the Roti Canai which on my first visit to Plum my god was delicious this visit it was pretty mediocre but when you're hoping that the sauce does all the work and it doesn't it can ultimately be a flop. The next item I had was the Shrimp Springrolls. VOM! I honestly don't even know how I scarfed both of them down. They left a weird after taste in my mouth which I ended up rinsing out with a glass of Riesling. Plus the sauces meh meh and even more meh. I was so underwhelmed by them that I had to have him bring me a completely different sauce all together (sauce for the dumplings). Surprisingly I tried to stick it out at plum by ordering one more small plate...BAD DECISION. (horror music) I shouldve just said anything with the word lollipop and meat together in one phrase should just be a no go. I unfortunately decided to be adventurous and go for the Lemongrass Beef Lollipops. (vomits in the background) I could barely get through one before I pushed the plate away.I don't think ill be going back to Plum anytime soon. Seriously, Plum what happened?
4	Friendly staff greeted us for a lunch expedition at Plum so that was a good start.  The ambiance is very modern and you can see the Asian influences in the color palettes being used.I had their spicy orange chicken dish and it was delightful.  The sauce was savory and had enough of a kick to make you reach for the glass of water but not enough to hide the rest of the flavors.  Both the protein and the veggies were cooked properly and neither's texture was sacrificed in the cooking process for their dish mates.  Perhaps it is my gluttony or perhaps the serving style, but I thought I could have used a little more white rice.Pricing was in the high-end for lunches, there's definitely cheaper options in the area and in the cuisine genre.  But for a once in a while option I can definitely see myself returning to Plum for lunch.
4	This place was really good.  Good fresh flavors, we had a veg and tofu dish, a pork dish and a chicken dish it was all good.  The food came out really fast.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the hostess was a little scattered and came off as quite rude at times.
2	Pan-asian...always a little fishy as there is no way a restaurant can be good at an entire spectrum of Asian food.  A+ for atmosphere, I love the high ceilings, unique lanterns, and wood finishing on everything.  But let's get down to what really counts--the food!Pineapple fried rice---The first thing we noticed is that it was a SOGGY mess.  Any Asian person knows that to make good fried rice, you need day old rice.  I was kind of hoping for fresh pineapple, but of course it was canned.  Plum sushi lunch special--An assortment of fish with a roll.  Very nice presentation, not expertly put together roll but it was passable.Tea leaf salad--A disappointment but of course I am comparing it to THE tea leaf salad from Burma Superstar in SF (and there's no comparing to that!).  Still, for what is basically just SALAD, they should not be charging 8 dollars.Overall, what we expected from a pan-asian place.  Perhaps they do some things well and we didn't taste those dishes but we probably won't be rushing back anytime soon.
5	Haven't had a bad meal yet. LOVE every item we've ordered-and we've ordered a variety. The Black Cod, the Salmon, and Pineapple Fried Rice were our most recent dishes. LOVE the GREEN-TEA-NI! It was one of the best Martinis I've had....ever!The sushi is always SO fresh and such a nice variety.Can't wait to go back!
4	I'm a fan of this restaurant. I've gone here before for a date night and a girls' night out, and it was perfect for both. I love the decor, very modern with a touch of world flair and pops of color.Their cocktails are amazing. The food is great. The service is friendly. The prices are a tad bit high for me to be a frequent customer but the ambiance and quality of the place call for the price range, in my opinion. And you certainly can't beat the free parking lot!
4	Ate at Plum Christmas day.  They were busy but the waiter was attentive.  Very nice decor.  I ordered the yaki udon, which was excellent.  My wife had the pad thai.  She thought it tasted very bland, and I agreed with her; so we sent it back.  Chicken satay was good, as well as my daughter's sushi (spicy tuna and spicy salmon), which she couldn't finish.  All in all a nice meal.
4	For starters, we had the Endive Lettuce Boat with Shrimp. It's a bit pricey, but it's definitely a "must-order". The shrimps are very chewy and not dry, and they give generous portion of shrimps (about 3-4 shrimps per boat).For soup, I had the wonton soup, and my girlfriend had the hot & spicy soup. The portion is not huge (which is expected given that the soup is only $3-4). Of the two, we would recommend the hot & spicy soup. The wontons are delicious, but the soup tastes just like regular water.I ordered the rainbow roll, which is extremely delicious. All the ingredients are fresh, and everything was perfect.My girlfriend had the sushi club, which was that night's feature. It is like a sushi sandwich. The toast is replaced by rice and soy crepe. The insides are ingredients that you would found in those specialty rolls. I would definitely come back and order this again.
1	I've been here several times and I would not recommend it.  The quality of food is sub par and I find the service to be unfriendly and a little arrogant.  I've given it atleast 5 chances which I think is fair.
4	Love the ambiance here at night, very specific deliberate modern design and once seated inside you feel nestled in. Very comfortable seating, a little low, but we got a great table at 8pm on a Friday night with no reservations for two. You may want to make reservations for a larger party as it was packed. Menu options you'll find everything from sushi to green and red curry, sort of thai-japanese and other asian blend. Nothing too authentic but I order the green curry and found it had the right balance of sweet and spicy. It was chalk full of veggies too onion, lemongrass, mushroom, green and red bell pepper. So I would say it was about two large portions of food, or three small ones.Very generous portions for the price, the drink menu was a little more pricey. I tried the pear sake and it was delicious! Even if you're not a sake lover you can order small amounts and test it out with a friend. I have tried apple, and peach flavored sake this was by the best. Great service I cannot say we lacked for anything in that department. I always park in the private lot behind in the shopper center behind it and I have never had an issue. I think its there for this business--- I hope it is anyway.
3	Decor was aesthetically pleasing.  Service was nothing special.  Food was a small notch above PF Chang's.  I don't eat sushi, so i can't speak on that.  Would go back if invited, but won't be in a hurry to go again on my own.  Worth a try, though.
4	I had dinner with 2 other people at Plum on Cinco de Mayo because there was a huge wait at Mad Mex. We had no problem getting a table without a reservation and it was pretty quiet in there. I'm a vegetarian and I went with a vegan and a carnivore. We all had great meals. The service was very smooth and the atmosphere was relaxed, with nice decor. They have enough variety to satisfy any type of diet, and seating that would work well regardless if you're dining alone or with a group. I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
5	Another great Pittsburgh venue. Lots of great appetizers and dinner items, as well as great take-out. ProTip: try the Bangkok Tea! ;)
5	I wanted to provide an update to my earlier review. I have visited Plum on several subsequent instances and the food & service has been top notch! This place has a great vibe and is a wonderful setting to reconnect with friends or visitors from out of town. Would certainly go back!
4	While we loved the food and atmosphere, the service was not the best.  It was lunch and maybe they usually have more than 1 server (I hope so). I will definitely return, but probably for dinner.
2	The service was slow, we were supposed to wait for a table when like 10 were available. The sushi was just ok, not impressive.I wouldn't go back for the sushi.
4	Not my favorite sushi place in the East End, but I enjoy going here for Happy Hour. The sushi rolls are discounted, and the cocktails are creative and fun.For entrees, try the black cod. So tender and juicy. Delicious.
4	Just had my first meal at Plum.  The lemongrass shrimp and scallops were spot on.  Large, quality seafood and great flavor.  Would definitely come back..
1	we had a really bizarre experience...it was a sunday night...not very busy...actually kind of empty. the service was slow and the waiter complained about how tired he was from working all day ( I don't know...maybe there was a private party or something but plum didn't open till 4...maybe he had another gig...i don't know but he was a sad sack!) we ordered stir fry...it took too long considering there was hardly anyone there and...it came out tepid!!! not hot and steaming! and by the time the waiter came to check on us it was darn cold! so...he said he would have the dishes remade...and eek...they re-wokked( is that a word?) our cold dishes...and...i can't even believe this...it was still cold!!! we complained...saw the manager checking us out...he did not come over...he hid behind the wall...it was very frustrating...i was hungry and annoyed and didn't want to cause a scene...we paid...expensive for what it was...and left....never to return...
4	Nice sushi, nice appetizers. Nice service and comfortable surroundings.Close to shopping area and whole foods. Easy parking. And group-friendly!Good choice for multi-cultural gatherings.
4	Solid 4-star place. Went for lunch with people from work and ordered two sushi rolls. Both were delicious. An appetizer courtesy of the sushi chef was also amazing. Not the most expensive restaurant out there.
4	I have been to Plum for both dinner and lunch, and I definitely recommend dinner. They have a great selection of food that showcases talented chefs in the kitchen. My first trip I had this amazing duck dish in which the skin was perfectly crispy and the meat was so tender. I went with a friend who doesn't like duck, and even she was a fan after tasting it! On my second trip, I ordered the sushi. The sushi and roll were good. The shrimp as a little dry, but the salmon and tuna had a nice flavor and everything seemed fresh.
2	Been here 3 times. Service gets worse every try. We were one of 3 tables in the entire place and our server was MIA to take our order and to clear plates. Food was okay if I was on my couch eating leftovers. It tasted like takeout with a higher price tag. Decor is very nice regardless.
2	If you like P.F. Changs, then this is your place. They call their food pan-Asian, but what this translates into is really Asian-inspired American food. With the exception of the sushi, the food strays far from anything resembling an authentic dish, obliviously with the intent of pleasing the American palate. 2 stars seems kind of harsh, but the description, "I've experience better," is exactly what I felt. It you are in the mood for something a bit more authentic, I would start with a restaurant that narrows their scope to one Asian country. That said, fake, Americanized Asian food may be your thing and in this case you may love this place.
5	Wonderful! Nice mix of Asian, Thai, Szechuan fare. Everything is fresh and served piping hot. Our table was waiting for us and the service was excellent. I tried an Asian Sangria that was like summer in a glass.  A mango chicken dish with brown rice was truly delish!  Chased it with cocoanut sorbet.  Can't wait to sit on their patio outside this summer.
4	I was impressed with this place!  I just moved back to Pittsburgh after living in LA for a while, so I definitely appreciate good Asian food, which is hard to find in Pittsburgh.  The food here was delicious!  We started with some sushi appetizers and shared a few different entrees, which were all great!  The atmosphere was great!  I would definitely come back to try other items on the menu and hang out here!  Definitely recommend!
5	The egg rolls are so good! Our waitress, Jessica, whom we've had twice now is so sweet! I got vegetable dumplings today and they were amazing!
3	Plum is an established Asian-Fusion spot in East Liberty. I've been there twice (for a company-sponsored dinner and another time with colleagues) and the good thing is that this restaurant most likely won't disappoint you. For me, it doesn't surprise me either. The menu offers sushi, noodle dishes (chow fun, yaki udon, pad thai), fried rice, curry, classics like General Tso, vegetable wok dishes, pad thai, soups, dessert... you get the idea. Everything popular in the mainstream asian cuisine is thrown on the menu with normal Pittsburgh prices (noodle dishes $10-$12, wok $9-$13).The food quality is good and everything I tried (sushi, lo mein, kung pao, coconut shrimp) was both well prepared and tasty. I personally prefer, however, authentic cuisine. But if you're on a date night and fight over what kind of Asian food to go for, Plum's "one fits all" menu might take away the stress. Recommended.
4	I enjoyed Plum.  It's decorated really nicely and looks unique.I had the pineapple fried rice and I enjoyed it - i would get it again.  My boyfriend had the walnut chicken but it wasn't as sweet as he is used to - it had a typical brown sauce instead of the sweet white sauce like most other places put on walnut chicken.  I think he was disappointed in it.I also ordered tea (Bombay Chai) while I was there because I was freezing (will winter ever end?!) and it was amazing! Although really expensive ($4 for enough for 2 cups!). They serve Tea Forte teas which is a more expensive tea brand ($1/teabag) so I can see why they're charging that.... but if they're buying the tea in bulk they should be able to offer it for $2 or $3 and still make a good profit on it. My only major complaint was that the waiter seemed really distracted, confused, or just plain didn't care to be there. Hopefully it was just an off night for him.
5	So, I have eaten at Plum once or twice, but this review is strictly about the bar.  I work in the Shadyside area and I have two patients who are always telling me that I need to go to Plum for happy hour and experience Corey's, the main mixologists, concoctions.  Finally I made it in and they were absolutely right!  I gotta tell you...I have grown quite bored with these prohibition style, eighty five ingredient drinks that i find to be lackluster at best.  The drink menu at Plum, originated by Corey, is fantastic!  I had some kind of Apricot martini and thought it was excellent!  We will definitely be back!  Kudos, Corey!
3	Good sushi/sashimi.  A note to the restaurant-- upscale decor and high prices don't go along with the imitation crab in your sashimi sampler.
4	Went in with a big group and would quickly recommend this place to anyone asking "Where can we get a reservation for 10 and it won't be a pain in the ass?"Lots of parking in the garage (across from BRGR...and you're allowed to park there!) and the staff had no problem giving us separate checks when we let them know right up front.The food was good, and the menu has enough variety that everybody could find something they wanted.  I'm not a sake aficionado, but the table ordered a few carafes and passed them around which was fun and they were tasty.They had a nice drink menu and the cocktails looked good -- wish they had a bit more of a wine selection, but it was fine.  One weird thing:  The chairs are too short for the tables.
4	I was very excited to go to Plum, as they have clear dietary markings and a separate vegan menu, and all of their dishes sound so wonderful!My boyfriend and I went last night, and the atmosphere and service was  excellent. I ordered one of their specials that night, the "Tofu Napoleon." The description listed it as vegan with a long list of veggies (asparagus, eggplant, bok choy, shiitake, etc), so I was sold. It was my mistake to have expected a larger quantity of veggies from the extensive description, but the dish came with about one of each vegetable listed. The sauce tasted like a very sweet duck sauce, and the tofu was very fried (although tasty). Overall, it was a tasty but small amount of food, and the sauce was nothing spectacular for the $16 price. My stomach was also a bit upset later from the uber fried-ness of the tofu, but I might just be sensitive...I will definitely go again, but will order something different next time. Looking forward to trying other vegan options at Plum!
5	We just moved here from SoCal and we were hesitant about Sushi in P-Burgh but after reading some reviews we decided to try Plum, and wow it exceeded all expectations. We have lived here for 1 month and have eaten at Plum 3 times (It's that good). The sushi is on par and the service is exceptional (that's rare) We have had the pleasure of meeting Jason (restaurant manager) a couple of times and he is a true asset to that company. I would steal him for my own if I had one...The sushi is great, the pineapple fried rice was very tasty and the singapore noodles were light and flavorful. My husband and I have traveled extensively through Asia and we are very lucky to have found this great place to get quality food here in Pittsburgh. Whoever is reading this, you gotta check them out. You will love it!!
3	Nice evening weather-wise so opted to sit outside. I did get a peek inside when greeted by the host before heading outside and it is a lovely setting -- very inviting for a dinner date -- so I want to come back for that option.The menu selections are enticing -- sushi, thai, Vietnamese, Chinese.  I decided on a mainstay of pad thai with shrimp.  It was good.  The crispy tofu was a "different" addition to the dish.  Can't say it was my favorite, just different.Service was quick and efficient, albeit my server seemed a bit on the timid/shy side.Yes, I do want to come back for dining inside and see how the entire experience will be in what appeared to be an inviting setting with some ambiance.
4	Oh yum! Fresh tasty fish, accomdating chef and server. Nice atmosphere. Must be a very well kept secret because this place is not packed on a friday night.  Come and taste what you are missing!!!
5	Fresh fish!I've been here twice, and the sushi is superb every time! So fresh, and so good! I actually coerced myself into trying octopus sashimi, and I'm glad I did! To start I had a fantasy roll with salmon sashimi, and let me tell you... It might have been the best sushi I've ever had. I also paired the sushi with the 'Zen Garden' martini... or three :-) After I finished that I opted for the octopus sashimi, and wasn't disappointed at all! That was my first time trying that, and it blew my mind. The ambiance and service is great as well. I will definitely be back here to satisfy my next sushi craving.
5	The ambience was lovely with a gentle Asian fusion feel. Our server Alex was funny, cute and helpful. Most importantly the food was amazing. The club sushi roll was outstanding and my vegan friend enjoyed her tofu green curry. You really must try this place.
2	The service was decent but the Chinese food was really bad. I can't comment on the sushi.
4	As someone who doesn't like most Asian food I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of food here. I came here last week with a fellow yelper (shout out to Carrie W.) for lunch. The place was a bit empty and oddly quiet. There was no music just the hushed whispers of the few other diners that there there. The dining area has high ceiling and is very minimalist in a good way. To drink I had thai iced tea. It was a bit to sweet but the flavor of the tea itself was nice and strong but overpowered by the sweetness. Our waitress was also more then happy to make my son some red lemonade and even put some cherries in it for him. To start I choose the chicken skewers. The seasoning on the chicken was tasty but the chicken itself I found dry. The peanut sauce was very flavorful but a bit to oily for my liking. My boy had a hand full of bites before he said he was done and just wanted to eat his peanut sauce. For my main course I had thai basil chicken. It was very good. The chicken was moist and the basil was fresh as were the peppers and onion in it. The veggie spring roll that came with it was crispy and delicious. I wish the chicken skewers would have came out first but all the food pretty much came out at the same time. The service was good and I never found myself wanting or waiting. Over all this was a great lunch and I'm sure it would make a great place for a dinner date.
4	I've been eating at this restaurant for a while now, and I've never had a bad experience or a bad dish.I'm a sushi novice, but the sushi I've had here was quite good.  All of the dishes I've had have been yummy and fairly priced, and the rice that comes on the side of most of the dishes seems to be perfectly cooked.I'm also impressed with the friendliness of the staff and the rapidity with which your food is served to you.  There have been quite a few times that my girlfriend and I have come in, eaten an appetizer and our dinners, and left in under an hour because the kitchen and staff are just that fast.
2	What has happened to Plum? Not only have my husband and I had dinner there on numerous occasions, I also lunch there twice a month.  Last night , our dinner was a disaster. Our server was very nice, but he got nothing correct.  My husband ordered a few appetizers which he requested to be staggered . Unfortunately,  they all came out at once. Also, he ordered 2 of the same apps and each was completely different. I had the red curry w/pork which I always order and it lacked several ingredients which it always has. All night, everything seemed to be out of sync. It's going to be a long time until we return.
4	Only reviewing the bar area - as we only had a glass of wine/ cocktail and an appetizer. The bar tender was lovely and willing to entertain making us 'different' drinks. The pork won-tons were ok, but I think i was just expecting less of a hunk of meat in them. All-in-all, a nice place for a little happy hour.
2	Food is typically wonderful; but note, if you come in at 2:45 for a quick lunch they'll say the kitchen has already closed; despite their hours for lunch being until 3pm. Typically if it's a matter of service ending at 3, I never come in 15 minutes before closing time; but since it's a mid shift lunch ad they open for dinner later as well, this wasn't the case.Maybe you should change your lunch advertised hours to 2:45 instead?However, your neighbor, Patron Mexican Grill is happy to serve a late lunch to a new loyal customer.
4	Self proclaimed sushi snob here!  Having lived in SoCal, and traveling monthly to Japan for business, I've become quite a connoisseur of fresh sushi, and immediately recognize quality.  After trying several area sushi restaurants, none of them compare to Plum for quality and freshness.We eat here at least twice per week!  The sushi is very fresh, and the sushi chefs are masters of their trade.  Typically, we just have sushi, but have had some of the cooked food, like Pad Thai and Pineapple Rice which is all very good.  Prices are a little on the higher side for Pittsburgh, but you get what you pay for.
