5	"I only know one name... PANEVINO!"  *The* only place to go for lunch if you work at Harrah's, this italian resteraunt has a deli and a sit-down side.  This review addresses the deli.  Awesome food for a reasonable price, the place is authentic italian, very clean, great service.  Get the sausage and peppers for a garlicy load of sauteed peppers and two huge pieces of italian sausage that are mm mm good.  Deserts are the BOMB!!
5	I was just in Vegas. I go there about 2 - 3 times a year and was tired of the hotel restaurants and was wondering what else was out there and a friend had passed by this restaurant and suggested we try it out. This restaurant was amazing. Everyone came over to us to introduce themselves to us when we arrived. They were very attentive. The food was INCREDIBLE as well as the wine. We were given some complimentary fried cheese balls.. awesome. As an appetizer I had the Frito Misto.. Gawd the seafood was so fresh and tasty. Then I had the Osso Bucco. It was so tender. It came with risotto but it was too much to eat. My hubby had the Veal Chops.. again AMAZING! I had the chocolate mousse with creme brulee for dessert... OMG. They have this wonderful Tasting Menu for only $50 bucks. Its a 4 course meal. The best italian restaurant by far! Go there before you go anywhere else.
4	What a lovely place!!! I went here with my family for dinner and it was so nice! With Italian cuisine, and a killer view of the airplanes landing, you won't be disapointed with this place. I don't think the food is killer, but its really good. It is expensive here, and your really paying for both the food and the view. To make it a little more inexpenive, sit in their fantastic lounge area and order wine and appitizers. I love it that there is no casino to walk through also.
5	This place is incredibly good.  It's rare that when I visit Vegas I ever eat anywhere off the strip - but luckily some locals took me and my friends here for a working lunch.The decor inside is really cute, and the side of the restaurant facing the airport is ALL glass - so you get some entertainment watching the airplanes.We had a huge feast for 5 - appetizers, soups, entrees, desserts, and sodas (no alcohol) and it came out to be $250!  Luckily my company was paying, because that's a lot of money!  It would have been way less expensive if we didn't splurge on the appetizers/soups/desserts.  The entrees are large and reasonably priced.Here's my breakdown of everything I tried:Fritto Misto (calamari) - excellentBruschetta Vegetariana - like classy pizza!Pappa di Pomodoro (tomato soup) - tomatoy goodness! (very thick)Farfalle alla Contadina (Bowtie Pasta with Chicken) - incredibleThe sorbetto that we had for dessert was crumbly and kind of hard to share (we were reaching over for bites and dropping icy crumbs everywhere) - but was just the sweet I needed after a big carb-filled lunch!Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll definitely be back.  It's worth the trip off the strip.
3	We came here for the $5 martini Tuesday and happy hour specials. Ambience: Very nice. Lovely views of the strip. Even though it's near the airport in a weird location, it works. Beautiful inside. Nice jazz musician playing in the lounge.Service: Just eh.. she was really busy though, she had 10 tables which seemed weird to me.Food: Overpriced for happy hour (imo!) Chicken fingers were $7 for 3  freaking chicken fingers. $6 for fried mozzerella (just 4 pieces!). Kind of outrageous to call these happy hour specials if you ask me.Drinks: the martinis were very hit or miss. The coconut cream pie was yummy... the winter punch was gross... The panevino passion was probably the table favorite.
4	atmosphere- excellent (nice view!)taste- superior presentation- excellentservice- goodI got the ahi tuna steak and I was IN LOVE! It was so flavorful and de-lish! Have already come back once, and will be coming back again for sure. It's right by the airport and I think it attracts a lot of buisness people who have to stop here for flights or are just here for the evening, which is perfect for that, I will agree. My friend from Canada was the one that took me and we both had a great time, he'd been here before!
5	I went to Panevino last night with a friend, and I absolutely adored it.  The decor and architecture of this place are lovely and interesting.  It's a very open layout, but my friend and I sat at a table on the window, and it was very intimate because of the way the tables are setup.  We both ordered the tasting menu which is a GREAT deal.  $55 for an appetizer, salad or soup, entree, and dessert.  Considering that an entree alone runs you anywhere from $25 -$45, the tasting menu is a steal.  You do pay a few extra bucks if you want steak or osso buco, but I think it's still worth it.  I started with the prosciutto e melone appetizer, which was actually the only semi-disappointment of the night.  It was two lengthwise slices of honeydew each with a strip of prosciutto on top.  It was simple, and could have been better presented.  Obviously it tasted great, though.  My friend got the carpaccio, and that was excellent.I had the pear and gorgonzola salad, which was very nice and light.  My friend got the mozarella e prosciutto salad, which was simple, but looked great.For the main course, I had the lamb porterhouse, and it was excellent.  It was served with grilled asparagus and a potato cake (which was not great).  The lamb itself was perfectly charred in olive oil and rosemary.  There was no sauce, but it didn't even need sauce.  An excellent dish, cooked perfectly.  My friend got the ribeye with the porcini mushroom sauce (from the filet mignon), and he said it was fantastic.For dessert, I ordered the creme brulee.  It was very rich, and in fact, a bit creamier than usual (which is saying something, for creme brulee).   He got the tiramisu.  Both were full size desserts, and after everything else, it was almost impossible to eat dessert.  (We managed, though).We started with glasses of prosecco, and moved on to a bottle of Dolcetto d'Alba ($48), and then limoncello with dessert.  All were excellent, and while the drinks here tend to be on the pricey side (especially for Vegas), the wine list was a good balance of budgets, and the limoncello was homemade.  Yum!It was a wonderful experience, and we lingered all over dinner for almost 3 hours.  The service was great.  Our server was there just enough but not too much, and the sommelier was at our table twice to ask if we needed help choosing a wine.  Overall, the servers, bussers, and somms all worked really well as a team, and we were well taken care of.I have heard the martini happy hour is fun, so I'll definitely go back for that sometime.  If you're looking for a fabulous meal, I highly recommend Panevino.
3	For the prices this restaurant charges and the atmosphere it tries to emulate, I'd expect the food and service to be better. My friends Caesar salad was warm and somewhat wilted....they messed up a CAESAR SALAD. The pasta wasn't anything special, but their risotto was pretty good.Service was mediocre. The waiters kept bumping into the people in our part....while we were seated. It took forever to process our check.It wasn't a bad place to have dinner, it just doesn't quite meet your expectations.
3	Clearly, this restaurant has one of the best views of the city. Since it is right across from the airport runway, you can be rest assured that their view will not be obstructed for a long time. The decor of the restaurant is very elegant. I just wish I could say that their food was the best in the city. Unfortunately, the food failed to impress me. I had the ribeye and my friend had the salmon and we both agreed that it was average. The service was OK. I really liked the view and atmosphere but the food not so much.
4	Friends chose this as my surprise birthday dinner; and it did not disappoint. My only criteria for dinner was that it was away from the strip and it had to serve amazing lamb. (Birthdays aren't a birthday for me w/o my fave dish!)The view OF the strip was amazing. You can even see the planes fly into town as it's near the airport...kind of bittersweet if you ask me cuz I was really homesick for my birthday...The place was super romantical. You bring a date here, and you're sure to score! Don't take my word on it tho....lolSince it was October, they had specialty alcoholic drinks like redRum, Bettle Juice, Hannibul Nectar...and they were quite tasty!!!Another great thing bout the restaurant was that the owner made you feel right at home...from the first step in the place...with a hug and kiss on both cheeks... MAG-NE-FEEKMy review: SAMPS THAT!!!
5	Totally fantastic!Great food, great wine list, great service.We were in town for CES - so were 115k other people.  So going out to dinner is really really difficult.  Except if you know about this restaurant!  It's way off the strip, but has a view of the strip and airport.   There not a bad table in the entire place.  We went there one night with clients around 9:30pm, the kitchen closes at 10pm during the week. Our clients were running late do to a miscommunication with a cab driver, Panevino's chef told us no problem, sit back and relex. He kept the kitchen open until our guest arrived and had a change to review the menu and order.  We went there one more time before leaving LV with some of our vendors as a thank you - it was a weekday - we arrived at 8pm and left at 11:30pm. Remember, the restaurant closed at 10pm - but they never said a word to us about the time, nor did they hover around trying to get us to leave.  Panevino's is the best kept secret in LV!
5	This is one of two of my favorite LV restaurants. It particularly is a bright spot because the food is outstanding, the convention crowd does not come here and it has a fabulous view of the major runway at McCarin Airport. A recent visit started with a Margherita pizza for an app. It was outstanding with just the right touch of ingredients and flavor that mad e it just right. The main course was a homemade Capellini al Pomodoro, Angel Hair pasta with Pear Tomatoes, Basil, Garlic and Extra-Virgin Olive Oil. My mother could not make this better. It is the simplest of pasta, but Panevino made it in such a way that the flavors just came bursting through. This has been my experience almost every time I come here, and I have been here about a half-dozen times. The flavors are just delightful. The service was very good. It was very light when we were there, but the traffic picked up by the time we left that the place was almost full. I get the impression that the place is a local hangout. People seem to know each other. That's good, because, again, the big reason I like this place is the lack of convention and tourist traffic. I see many fellow Yelpers have had trouble with the service. I can say I have never experienced that. It has always been spot on and I have been here when it's been quiet and when absolutely packed. As has been my custom in Vegas recently, I asked if the bar had a blender. It did! And, thought, Brandy Alexanders were not on the bar list, they whipped one up for me. A little too thin, but tasty. That makes Panevino a great place in my book! Are you listening Steve Wynn and George Maloof?? Try this place. You will love it!
4	The decor is very gorgeous, very elegant and spacious. I'd got the Salmone alla Griglia. It was pretty good, I finished the plate clean. Mista dell'Orto was okay, nothing outstanding. Table bread's okay. Crabcake is good. Cheesecake is so so, can't compare with cheesecake factory. Service was decent. But this place seems overpriced for the food though.
4	Right next to Las Vegas airport. Great location if you are coming or leaving.The food was very good and the service was average. Basically a nice restaurant for dinner.
5	Hands down my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  It is great for a romantic dinner or a business lunch or dinner.  It is near the offices of a lot of the slot machine manufacturers, so it is a popular business haunt of gaming industry executives.  It has a great open lounge area with comfy couches and a fireplace for a great ambiance.  Others have adequately described the great views, so I won't go into that. Several reviews have questioned the service but I have always found it to be outstanding.  Santino is usually the Maitre D' in the evening and is gracious and sincere.  The wait staff is very professional and helpful and Robb the Wine Sommelier is outstanding (try the Dutton Goldfield Pinot Noir -- a great value at about $68).But the star is the food.  My favorite dish is the Grigliata di Pesce - a huge mound of seafood on a moist and flavorful bed of diced potatoes and sauteed spinach.  It includes a Grilled Maine Lobster, Salmon, Shrimp, Scallops, Tuna and Chilean Sea Bass.  It is a huge amount of food and I have no idea how they do it for $38.  I have never finished it.  My second choice is the Sea Bass, that comes with very nicely prepared grilled veggies and has a subtle wine sauce that allows the fish to be the center of attention.  Very nice!There are a lot of other great Italian dishes that are outstanding.  Mostly, I have tasted them off other people's plates because I am so impressed with the fish here.  I have had the Porcini Mushroom Risotto and it was incredible.  Another great thing about this place is that they will make off-menu items.  If you have a craving for pretty much any traditional Italian dish, they can make it.  Chicken Marsala, Chicken Parmesan -- no problem.  They will also serve a fantastic desert of fresh berries drizzled in Gran Marineri with powdered sugar and whipped cream.  Excellent!
5	I've dined here at least 4 times.  The first time was based on a customer who works for Marnell Corrao, who told me a story about how Mr Corrao could not find any good Italian in Las Vegas.  So he built his own, and flew in chefs and staff from Italy.  After the first time, I was sold.  This place is amazing.  The wines, the service, the staff, and above all the food.  We're always treated like VIP's every time we go there, and we're not in any way a VIP.  They are just so welcoming, and on occasion a free glass of something special that the wine master they have just wants to let you try.  The Osso Bucco was fabulous, their lamb ragu, to die for.  Some of the other things we've tried is their cioppino (which is actually called something else since cioppino is spanish ;-) )Either way, great food!
5	I have been to Panevino twice in the last year.  I can honestly say what makes this place so amazing is the service.  From top to bottom, you are treated from every employee like you own the place.Being an Italian food snob, I can say for sure, this is one of the finest Italian dining experiences I have ever had. I think what I like most about this place is the location.  It's away from the hustle and bustle of the strip.  If you are visiting Vegas and want to get away from all the glitz and make believe of the hotels, go to Panevino.  Yes, It's that good.
4	They have a pretty good happy hour from 4 PM - 7 PM.  I'm not sure if this is only on Fridays, but they had a free vodka open bar for ladies from 7 PM - 9 PM, so I was pretty happy about that!  I had the slider trio during happy hour and it was pretty tasty.  There is an awesome view and it's in quite a different area than the nearby Town Square.  Good if you want to get away from the hype.  I'll be coming here again soon!
5	Panevino defines fine dinning in Las Vegas. Pricey? Yes, but more than worth it. The food is excellent, prepared to order, very tasty. The service is perfect,
5	I have been to Panevino more than a couple of times and each time my experience is excellent. Not many servers at other restaurants observe your clothing and ask if you'd like a black napkin (provided you're wearing darker colors).The service is great and the food is authentic w/good portion sizes. What makes it one of the best is the modern decor and the floor to ceiling windows  - you can see the planes landing and taking off. Diversity in that it can go from a business lunch meeting place in the day and a romantic dinner spot at night.  Much recommended.
4	This place is awesome. The ingredients are super fresh and the chef's recipes are not busy or created so you only taste one flavor. I got the halibut atop a bed of sauteed spinach and it was to die for. The service is super friendly and knowledgeable including the sommelier, Robb.  I left one star off because I thought the area we were sitting in was dimly lit and I couldn't see my food as well as I like to. I could be going blind.Anyways, I am hosting a group of 15 business owners in mid-Nov. and we will definitely show off Panevino to them.Eat there now!
5	I've been to Panevino a few times and I went there for a business meeting on 10/12, and was yet again very pleased with the service, food and ambiance. Plus, it's easy to find. What's great is that if you are wearing dark pants/skirt, they ask if you'd like a black napkin upon seating you (which I think is very considerate so that you don't leave with white fuzz when you're done). Service: A+ Very courteous and professional Food: A+ Good size portions so that you can eat 1/2 now and take 1/2 home for lunch/dinner the next day. I had the penne with eggplant, sun dried tomatoes... and it was GREAT. Light but filling so that I took 1/2 home. My companions ordered the veal special and the risotto... both of which were very good. (I like to sample everyone's food if they let me. LOL!) Wine Menu: A+ Good selection. Ambiance: Very nice.... It's "street level" ... meaning that you are not elevated.... but you do have a really good panoramic view of the airport and strip... so you can watch the planes land while the strip lights glitter in the background. Good for business meetings: Yes. They managed around us and our stuff....and refreshed drinks without interrupting us which I couldn't figure out how they did that (of course, I wasn't paying attention either). Will be going back when the opportunity arises.
5	After looking for a nice restaurant off strip for a group for lunch, we ended up at Pane Vino.  My local friends were thinking we would just have lunch at the deli, but to our surprise the main restaurant was open.  What a beautiful space!  Interesting curvy windows that face the strip and the airport.  The decor was warm and inviting.   Right in the middle of the restaurant is what appears to be a support pole but is a mosaic lady's leg, although I'm not sure you would realize what it was from a different angle.  I am sure at night this is a very romantic space (2 members of our group got engaged there), and it is definitely upscale.  Our party had just come from wine-making and we were casually dressed and a bit rowdy, but that didn't affect the service or our welcome one bit.It's funny that the other reviewers mentioned the choice of napkins because I made comment to my friend that I loved them!  We all had white napkins, but they were so nicely textured and such high quality - okay I have a thing for linens - that I knew we were in for a treat.  The service was excellent and our 2 waiters had a great sense of humor, although we did not get the table dance we asked for, the cute blond waiter did do a little Irish jig for us!  They had a nice variety of wines by the glass to choose from and reasonably priced at most under $10 a glass.  They brought out fresh breads served with a small dish of olive oil and topped with balsamic.  I had the linguine with seafood, mussels, clams, shrimp, scallops in a light and fresh tomato based sauce.  It was wonderful, especially the scallops that just about melted in my mouth.  Yum!  Nice sized portion, I didn't finish all the pasta, but there wasn't enough to take for later.  The dessert menu read like the best food porn, but we had homemade cherry port and chocolate brownies waiting for us at our friends, so we passed. It was a great meal, with excellent service in a comfortable space - I can't wait to go back for dinner and check out the view as well.
5	I always like to request light on the evoo and butter whenever I go out especially fancy Italian restaurant. This is the only place that actually follow my request. This is a super beautiful restaurant, and the service was amazingly sweet but not annoying. They also have interesting Halloween cocktails.  I had the fish, and cutting down the oil didn't jeopardize the taste at all.  It was perfectly done!!!
5	I'M FIRST REVIEW?! YES!saw this restaurant on a bunch of our client's expense reports and decided if it was good for them, it would be good enough for us too. came on a thursday afternoon, and the place was about 1/2 full. it is business casual, btw. and it seemed mostly like a place for power lunches and business deals. made me feel like i'm all grown up.when we had been seated, a person in our party, who was dressed mostly in black, was asked if she preferred a black napkin. i've never heard that question in my life. didn't even know it was an option to take! first came the bread - tomato focaccia that was chewy and fluffy, and warm - best i've ever had, and some ciabatta, and some regular baguette. all with olive oil and balsamic. only bad thing - this was never refilled, and it should have been. we wanted more dipping oil!i ordered the seafood linguine and it was divine! received a small plate for shells as well as a shellfish fork. however, the plate was brought ahead of time, and not with the entree, which made me wonder what it was for. it came with a delicately balanced tomato sauce and more seafood than noodles - which is awesome! scallops, clams, mussels and shrimp. all of which were fresh. not a fishy piece in sight. our water was constantly refilled, and the waitstaff was extremely attentive (except for the dipping oil). i am definitely coming back here next time i'm in vegas, even though it's off the strip! the prices were also decent! i think my pasta was $22? worth it!OH! and the kicker - the chef is actually italian. spoke italian with a patron. how cool is that?!
1	I visited this restaurant many years ago, in fact right after they opened. I thought the food was terrific, so I decided to come back. After my most recent visit, I will never visit this restaurant again.I guess they take the "Panevino" label quite literally, and you must order food AND wine. If you don't want wine, the waitstaff will scoff at you and mock you for being cheap. That's right: the waitstaff will judge you for what you order. I didn't realize that I had to get the most expensive dishes or whatever else they had in mind for me; I thought I could just order items that I wanted. I guess not.The food was very good, and the atmosphere is nice, but the condescending waitstaff has no place treating customers with disrespect just because the customers aren't interested in drinking wine. It's unacceptable. Everyone felt uncomfortable and pressured, and it is not appreciated. Vegas is a vacation town, and this was the worst experience of the vacation. I will not be back, ever.
5	Specialty drinks during October for Halloween, along with a full menu at the bar & lounge area. The drink menus change for each season and the calamari is very tasty. The happy hour lasts from 4 to 7. The chicken skewers are excellent. I would come back to taste their large steaks or veal chops.Thanks to the Panevino staff providing an excellent taste test. They know how to make you feel like number one. If there is an Italian dish that you would like, but don't see on the menu, ask them to make it. If they have the ingredients, they like a challenge of creating other classic dishes.
5	AMAZING... view, ambiance, decor, service, and food. It was nothing short of amazing!The only downfall was that the particular bottle of Cakebread wine we wanted was out of stock.  Luckily, our 2nd choice was available - Opus One.  Other than this, everything else was 5+ STARS.  I actually loved that Panevino was located just outside of the strip.  Not as hectic, more personal, yet still had gorgeous views.Panevino had the BEST, yes the BEST, Ossobuco I've ever had.  Packed with flavor and paired perfectly with saffron risotto.  I ate the entire dish and trust me when I say you could have rolled me out of there.  I was so stuffed but I couldn't stop eating.  I thought I was done until the desserts arrived.  In the middle of checking the dessert menu, the manager brought out an entire tray of desserts for our table.  My favorites were Cannoli and Chocolate Mousse w/Creme Brulee Duo.Thank you, Panevino, for one of the best Vegas dining experiences thus far!
5	The decor alone draws you in with an expansive bar and lounge area to relax before settling in for dinner.  Attentive staff looked after our preferences and a Super Tuscan paired well with the veal special.  The house salad is nicely imaginative and a nice digression from "Caesar".  Too often, high-end Las Vegas restaurants take advantage of guests with indifferent service and neglectful kitchen preparation.  I'm pleased to report that Panevino is a delightful exception and apparently cares greatly about its customers.  We're headed back soon for a group dinner at the chef's table.
4	Very nice place.  Friendly staff.  Great view.  Above average food.
5	My boyfriend chose this place for my birthday dinner after suggestions from his boss.We both got the Prix Fixe menu which was $55 for a salad, appetizer, entree and dessert. I got the beef carpaccio for my appetizer and he got the bruschettone - his bruschettone blew my Carpaccio away.  My Ceasar salad was very good and my boyfriend really enjoyed his Spinach Nani salad. I am not a huge Italian food fan, so I was very worried that I wouldn't find anything on the dinner menu I liked so instead of getting pastaI got the Bistecchine di Agnello which is three Lamb Porterhouse which may be one of the best things I have ever eaten. It wasn't 'lamby' or gamey ortough. To be honest, if I hadn't know I ordered lamb, I would have sworn it was beef - delicious tasty beef. It was so much food I couldn't touch my thirdporterhouse. Walt ordered the Gnocci and he loved it, I couldn't eat a entire bowl of it, but he sure did!  The staff were very vocal in recommending the white chocolate cheesecake and the chocolate creme brulee as the best choices, and we took their advice.The chocolate creme brulee is a creme brulee sitting inside a chocolate mousse cup, it was presented so nicely with Happy Birthday and Balloons created withfruit flavored sauces. The winner was the white chocolate cheesecake though.  That plate had a flower presentation which was such a nice touch.The staff was very attentive and even asked if we wanted black napkins because we were both wearing black, which is a detail I haven't seen in awhile.Panevino is in a odd location with a fairly gaudy sign on the street, but the view of the Strip at night is very nice. It would be a great place to goon New Years or the Fourth of July to see the fireworks.I was disappointed in the lack of selection of wines by the glass, as they really focus on bottles and half bottles of wine.
5	Great reviews so I had to try. The food is great, the staff is very attentive. Within seconds of sitting down, someone besides the host took our drink order. Thirty seconds later we heard the dinner specials. one minute after that, we were asked if we had questions about the menu. 30 seconds later we had our bar drinks. We ordered a bottle of Malbec Wine from Argentina that was to die for. The staff constantly returned to refill the wine, the water and soda. The appetizers, salads and the meals arrived in a very timely fashion. I took the advice from the review by Gary T. and had the Grigliata Di Pesce ( Lobster tail, Salmon, Shrimp, Scallops, Tuna and Chilian Sea Bass Sauteed Spinach, Potatoes drizzled with lemon sauce) and was grilled just enough to get the grilled taste. He was correct about the $40.00 price tag. It was worth every penny. My wife shared a lamb chop dinner with her mother and asked if one of the three lamb chops could be cooked different. The lamb chops arrived cooked perfectly and tasted great. Two were cooked well done and one cooked medium rare. These guys also made the evening special with a birthday dessert for my mother in law. If your in Vegas and want the best Italian food, save your money on the Vegas strip (casino) meal and spend the extra money for the cab ride to Panevino Restaurant. The cab ride from Planet Hollywood only cost us $40.00 (including the tip) round trip.
4	The service, ambiance and view of the strip are incredible at this place. We had reservations at 7:30 and showed up earlier than planned but the staff was more than happy to accommodate us at a table. I was surprised it wasn't busy during the typical dinner rush instead people trickled in around 8:30 pm on a weekday. As i do with all my reviews, I try to sample a little bit of everything on the menu so I can to give a fair review. Honestly their bruschettone is phenomenal. So much flavor on a piece of toasted ciabatta bread that includes mozzarella, eggplant, tomatoes and basil. Of course complimentary bread with olive oil and vinegar is always a good thing. We ordered a couple dishes: Chicken & Asparagus Risotto and Spinach Ravioli. Both dishes were flavorful but my risotto was pretty dang good. As full as I was getting I kept trudging along in hopes of finishing it, alas I failed! By the time we were done with dinner there was no room for dessert! The meal went perfectly with a glass wine but as others mentioned, not much of a selection when buying by the glass vs the bottle or half bottle. They did try pitching the half bottle but we settled for wine by the glass. Overall it's a great place to experience off the Strip - same quality, same price but less chaotic. The service is wonderful and the ambiance is relaxing as you watch planes coming in for a landing or taking off. I highly recommend this place if looking for a romantic setting that's not crowded and not as loud as other restaurants. Plus they ask if you want a black napkin so you don't get the white lint on your clothes!
5	I had dinner here on a date last night, and Panevino continues to be one of my favorite restaurants in town.The service is impeccable... The staff pays attention, but they don't hover. They're always very friendly but not overly familiar. We both started with salads. I had the Spinach Nani, which might be the best salad ever created. My date had the Pear and Gorgonzola salad, which was outstanding as well. For entrees, I had the Tagliatelle with Lamb Ragu. Handmade pasta tossed with a light, tomato-y lamb sauce.... so perfect. My date ordered the Risotto with Chicken and Asparagus. The rice was perfectly cooked, the chicken moist and tender, the sauce - perfect. For dessert, we shared a cannoli, and while it wasn't my favorite dessert, it was still pretty decent.I love everything about the restaurant. The design and ambiance is modern and comfortable, and it's never felt stuffy to me. It's a great date restaurant, and is, according to my date, impressive.I've been to Panevino at least a dozen times over the last 5 or 6 years. It's one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas, and I've never been disappointed.
5	After driving by this joint a million times and merely pointing at it in wonder, stating, "I'll have to try that place some time".. I finally paid Panevino a visit! The restaurant was beautiful, lighting was just right and we reserved a booth facing the airport.Though this place seemed to be a "boys club" with golfers and business professionals, all of that testosterone was washed away by the impeccable service and delicious food. Bruchetta was off the chain in terms of flavor, and the homemade spinach ravioli's were superb. I quality controlled my date's risotto and WOW! Fantastic! For an off-strip fine dining experience with splendid ambiance, remarkable views (if you like to watch planes land), and mouth watering eats, Panevino is your spot. Not exactly budget friendly but a great place to splurge on a swanky evening out without the chaos of the strip.
5	i finally finally made it to panevino! i always heard people gush about it and i pass it everyday but never got a chance to try it.. the restaurant was extremely impressive. modern architechture inside and modern decor as well. the view of the strip from the restaurant is amazing, and the ambiance was very relaxing.the food was even better than i thought. the minestrone was the best i have ever had. really well made.. truly italian.the filet mignon was unbelievable! one of the best steaks ive had. cooked perfectly and melts in your mouth. youll wish you could have five more of them. its sooo good! i tried the lobster ravioli and omg it was heavenly. lobster and ravioli ratio was just right and the sauce was really good. i tried my friends pasta with seafood and it was amazing as well. perfect sauce perfect linguini. panevino is definitely one everybody should try at least once. it is a little pricey... actually its very pricey but its worth every penny. the food is soo good you will keep dreaming about it til the next time you go back. it is the perfect date place. so romantic, excellent views and relaxing ambiance. and kudos that the manager is there and is an honest to goodness italian man. if you're fluent in italian you can talk to him and tell him how great his place is.
5	Hiddem gem! Great food and service. This  place is fine dining with an emphasis on service, being a new dad I'm new to this not bringing your new born to nice restuarants and honestly don't believe in that. She is going where I am going. Staff did not skip a step, brought hot water for the bottle no dirty looks. Thought the food was great and fairly reasonable for upscale dining.
4	I loved the view of the strip and watching the airplanes...you can call and request a table next to the windows.  The service here was amazing, and the food was good.  We weren't completely blown away by the food, but the great customer service and view made it a wonderful meal.  He got a seafood platter (just okay) and I had some amazing cheese filled ravioli!  Definitely a place to try at least once!
5	Wowee!  It was extremely easy to evaluate Panevino after a dinner there last night--five stars on all fronts: ambiance, service, and food. Colorful modern decor with plush and comfortable booths, a see-into kitchen, and a wall of curving glass through which to watch commercial jets take off from nearby McCarran International Airport after motor-driven shades were raised once the sun cooperated. A continual stream of omnipresent but non-intrusive servers, busboys, sommeliers, and managers was on hand to check on my party of four's dining experience throughout the meal, and to make sure that our glasses were always replenished. When I looked a bit startled when my salad arrived before the soup, an observant attendant politely asked if anything was the matter. After I told him that I was expecting the soup first, but it was okay, he said that providing the soup right away would be no problem, and a white bowl of very heat-hot and delicious Pappa Di Pomodoro soup was placed before me within 30 seconds. Bright red Roma tomatoes entwined with broken down, sopping hunks of grilled Ciabatta bread in a rich tomato-flavored broth were a great marriage of ingredients. I washed down this unusual Italian soup with excellent baked bread and butter. But before the soup there were two other fine dishes to open our gustatory adventure. An interesting, tasty, and slightly spicy amuse-bouche of four brown spheres of breaded potato mixed with bits of shrimp, pierced by toothpicks and idling by a Vodka sauce ready for dipping, brought compliments of the chef, was followed with an order of Fritto Misto, fried Calamari and four shrimp served with a half-lemon covered with an elastic cotton stretch-wrap to retain seeds, a slightly spicy fresh tomato sauce akin to Marinara, and a specially requested Lemon Aioli. This large appetizer easily served four; both rings and tentacles of Calamari were cooked perfectly tender with a light tan and slightly battered appearance; and the midsized shrimp were nicely seasoned and, along with the homemade aioli, bonus standouts of the dish. After devouring my soup, I turned to my Spinaci Nani salad, which was composed of tender green leaves of Baby Spinach, sliced Red Onions, wild Mushrooms, pieces of Bacon, sweet caramelized Walnuts, and white, aged Ricotta Cheese shavings unified by a mild Mustard dressing. The taste buds on my tongue reacted very favorably by tingling noticeably upon the very first bite, as a silent exclamation of "Wow!" simultaneously entered my mind. It was like experiencing a superb hot bacon dressing with extra punch. The Mustard no doubt provided that. Fellow Yelpers had noted that if Panevino had the ingredients available the chef was willing to prepare classic Italian dishes that were not on the menu. Since specials of the evening included Veal Parmigiana, I asked for and received a generous order of pounded slices of Veal Marsala covered with wild Mushrooms and a sweet Marsala wine sauce, accompanied by numerous buttery, diced chunks of Roasted Potatoes, which I had also requested. The consistency of the sauce was more thick than thin, which I considered a plus; this made it ideal for ladling over the mushrooms and tender morsels of veal. My only negative observation is that to me the sauce tasted a bit too salty, but my discerning wife disagreed. She consumed an entire order of Branzino Gratinato, Roasted Chilean Sea Bass cooked with a thin topping of browned bread crumbs and butter, and served with a very light Lemon-White Wine Sauce rendered more colorful by cooked Cherry tomatoes bobbing in the beige liquid. I tasted this delicate fish and it was moist and flavorful. This dish, too, was accompanied by very tasty Roasted Potatoes. Full, yet tempted by Panevino's dessert menu and the raves of earlier Yelp reviewers, we opted to share one order of Mousse al Cioccolato con Crema Bruciata. This unique combination of pure Chocolate Mousse and Madagascar Vanilla Creme Brulee topped with thick Whipped Cream was divine. The Chocolate Mousse was rich and creamy, and the Creme Brulee silky smooth and bursting with the flavor of vanilla. Nestled next to a painted blooming, bright yellow-petaled flower situated on two chocolate stems with tasty green and yellow dots of cold fruity gel creatively drawn on the plate by the pastry chef, the caramelized yellow-hued Creme Brulee encircled by a ring of the moist dark brown chocolate of this merged dessert duo was also eye pleasing, as was the bright white Whipped Cream nearby. This was a great way to top off a memorable meal! Panevino Ristorante is a palace of alta cucina in Las Vegas. Numerous other items adorn the dinner menu, including inventive risottos, Osso Buco, platters of assorted seafood, sophisticated pasta dishes, Filet Mignon served atop a bed of corn mashed potatoes, and other delectable-sounding desserts, as well as a number of fine wines. I will most definitely return!
3	Ate here for a corporate event and had a limited menu to choose from.  From what I can tell the food was good however the location is challenging to get to.
5	Best Italian food in Las Vegas. View of strip is very elegant when the sun sets. Prices on the high end but worth every penny. Perfect place for special occasions especially on a Saturday :)
5	Off the strip but not so far off that visitors would be put off, tucked away in an office park along the southernmost boundaries of McCarran Airport, Panevino is not just a restaurant but a beautiful experience.I brought my Mom here for Las Vegas' Restaurant Week and the $50.11 prix fixe menu from which we chose the Pera e Gorgonzola salad and the Carpaccio Piccantino to start. As an additional treat to share, we ordered the Crema di Carciofi e Finocchio, an artichoke and fennel soup. For entrees, she had the Ravioli with vodka sauce and I chose the grilled salmon.But before we discuss the food... I did my #socialmediawhoredom thing and checked in, finding a check-in bonus on FourSquare! Every time you check in, you get a free glass of prosecco. Mom enjoyed that while I perused the wine list and talked to Gabriel, the manager and sommelier. He helped me choose a fantastic cabernet (yes, with fish! I am happy to report that Gabriel subscribes to ideas that I believe more people should also subscribe to... drink what you like, the rest will fall into place). The sauv blanc he chose for me later was a bit sweeter than the profiles I described/asked for, but it was still a fantastic wine. Gabriel knows his stuff, and he's happy to share.OK. Foodgasm time. The soup was really good, but something, I didn't know what, seemed missing. Not to say it wasn't complex and deep and fantastic, but... something. River, our waiter, noticed I was considering the soup a bit more than most and said he knew what I needed. Returning with a pepper grinder, he cracked a generous three turns or so into the bowl... and it was PERFECT. Exactly what it needed and without detracting from the soup as it was served.The salad was the perfect combination of spicy and sweet and peppery. The pears were perfectly poached and the cheese was so creamy and fresh that I'd question whether or not the cow was back there somewhere. Really, really done well. The carpaccio was fantastic, shaved perfectly, and had a great fresh taste to it (OK, so maybe the cow is gone now). There was certainly not enough of it on the plate. Definitely in my top five!The ravioli was executed perfectly, the vodka and homemade sausage sauce was tangy and meaty and just a bit sweet; really excellent. I will say I had hoped, based on the description, that there would be more sausage as part of the dish. The salmon, cooked rare by request, was by and large the best restaurant salmon I have had in years. Tender and flavorful and flaky.Mom also had a homemade bread that looked much like the food-borne love child of a pita and a sopapilla: a rolled dough, round and relatively thin, with a great rise/puff to it. That was gently treated with olive oil, wonderfully chunky sea salt, and some herbs. I tasted it with the garnish and found it didn't need the proferred oil/balsamic dipping plate.Desserts were a strawberry napolean (flaky, creamy, sweet; fab) and a creme brulee-filled chocolate mousse... Yeah, that. Seriously the most amazing dessert I have had. Ever. Again I say "foodgasm." The plates were beautifully decorated and the service was amazing.Service. As busy as Panevino was that night (a private party in one area, a large party not far from us, and what looked like a very busy restaurant), the service was efficient, perfectly timed, and very personal. River and Gabriel know food and were generous with their time, finding out what we liked, engaging us in conversation, and making sure that everything was exactly as it was meant to be. Add to all this a fantastic view of the airport and the strip (nightime tables by the window, all the way!)... it all comes together for a great ambiance and intimate, personal, tasty experience.Driving by Panevino last night I suggested to friends we go there for dinner. "Twice in a week?" I was asked. "In a heartbeat."
5	Um AMAZING.  I took my mom here for dinner last Saturday night and I couldn't have made her more happy.  We didn't make a reservation prior, so we went to the bar to have a cocktail while they prepared the table.  The maitre d carried our wine for us to the table. The table was AWESOME, strip views with airplanes taking off...make sure you ask for a window seat!We started off with this amazing pizza/ pita like bread dipped in olive oil. There was a guy that brought this. There was a guy who took our drink orders. There was a guy who came over to check on our food. There was a waitress. I haven't had service like this in years!!!  They are ALL about making you happy.  OK so food. TO DIE FOR.  I got grilled chicken & asparagus risotto..FANTASTIC. Mom got the lobster & crab raviolis {see pix}, Totally would go back, mom asked if we could go back the next day for lunch.  Great place for romantic meal, client business dinner, or just to watch planes take off with a glass of wine.Can't wait till I can go back!
3	I selected Panevino to celebrate our 30th wedding anniversary after reading the reviews on Yelp.  The place is very nice and very fancy.  After being seated, we sat for 10 minutes without any wait staff coming by the table and had to ask for a menu.  This was early in the evening and they were NOT busy.  The food was good, but not extraordinary, the service was spotty, the prices were very high for the quality of the food.If you want a fancy setting, high prices for average food, this is the place for you.I tried it, but was not impressed.   I am not a huge fan of this restaurant and will likely not return.
5	As I vowed I would do, I returned to Panevino, this time with my visiting mother and my wife. We had requested a booth if available, but one was not when we arrived. So, we agreed to be seated at a table instead. We were ushered to a table with soaring panes of glass that overlooked the McCarran International Airport runways, which allowed us to see airplanes take off and land when we could avoid the sun that was facing us. But we did not stay there long. A few minutes later, a server told us that a booth had just opened up, and asked if we wanted to move there. Primarily because of the strong sunlight shining at us, we accepted the offer to move. The restaurant personnel took care of all details involved in the move, such as transferring our beverages to the new table. Then we settled into a nice, plush leather booth. The upscale ambiance was further enhanced by sounds of an Italian tenor and other background music being piped into the dining area. We began with Polpettine Di Granchio, crispy Maryland style crab cakes that were drizzled with a smooth and sweet Honey-Mustard Dressing. The dish looked darker than most crab cakes I have eaten elsewhere but their taste was good. I tend to prefer Stracciatella (Italian Wedding Soup) or Pasta Fagioli over Minestrone Soup. But on this occasion I opted for the Minestrone con Pesto Di Basilico. And, it was a great choice! The excellent hot broth with just a touch of Basil Pesto virtually burst with the flavors of several vegetables: carrots, celery, and melted tomatoes. No beans were included in the soup, and the slightly hard veggies melted on contact with the roof of my mouth. I liked this as much as I had the Papa Di Pomodoro on my initial dining foray here. Next I had Veal Parmigiana, four large thinly pounded and lightly breaded scallops of veal covered by a mild but robust and tasty tomato sauce ladled over melted Mozzarella Cheese and Parmesan Cheese.  Although this dish did not appear on the dinner menu, it was nevertheless graciously prepared upon request. As another accommodation, the quite ample and tasty entree was served with mouthwatering Fettuccine Alfredo. I also sampled buttery roasted potatoes which were not cooked all the way through. But the tender and lean veal was delicious and very filling. I ended this fine repast with a sensational Italian Cream Millefoglie con Crema Pasticcerae e Fragole, which had a fresh strawberry flavor, and consisted of puff pastry that was layered with pastry cream and fresh strawberries. The pastry chef also displayed artistry on the plate supporting this delicious dessert. Service was very attentive but unobtrusive throughout our stay, just as it had been on my previous visit. And, the immediate surroundings are gorgeous. So, Panevino has now become my favorite Italian restaurant of choice--not just in Las Vegas, but anywhere!
5	Not really sure why this restaurant doesn't get more praise on the Food boards, but we had a great time here.  It was my wife's Birthday and we decided to celebrate here......and boy am I glad we did.  The staff was very friendly, nice, and accommodating (had to push back our reservations 1 hour).  The view at night is spectacular.  Being that it's just a few minutes south of the strip, you don't get that hustle and bustle feel to it, but you're still close enough to see the Vegas lights.  Very nice.  We started with the Fritto Misto.  The calamari was cooked perfectly and was very tender.  The texture was very light and crispy and not oily at all.  I also liked the shrimp was came along with it too.  The Tomato sauce was very flavorful and not too spicy....just right.  For our entrees, my son tried the Pollo Alla Brace and loved it.  He's NOT  a foodie and for him to make mention of any meal, it has to be good.  My wife tried the 4 Cheese Ravioli with Italian Sausage and the Vodka sauce.   She really enjoyed her meal as well, and her only gripe was that the portion was a bit on the small side..lol.  For my entree, I had to get the Cioppino.  This is my go to entree whenever it is on the menu and Panevino did not disappoint.  It was sooooo good, perhaps one of the best I've had.  Lot's of seafood and all perfectly cooked.  Half a Lobster, clams, scallops, and tons of fish.  The broth was slightly thicker than I've seen before but was piping hot and loaded with flavor.  The grilled Garlic crouton was perfect for soaking up the soup base.  I couldn't finish the entire thing, but thoroughly enjoyed it.  We'll be back to Vegas in February, hope we have time to swing by again!
3	Nice, ambient setting, but overpriced food. I had the seafood ravioli. For $27 I was given 5 very flat ravioli pouches with almost no seafood inside. Based on the description of the meal, more actual seafood should be included. It was 90% pasta. As is, dish should be priced much lower when you consider what you get.  The other dish we ordered was the ny strip plate. Steak was ordered medium, but was so raw we ended up taking the majority of the steak to go and recooking it at home. Definitely not worth the price overall.
5	Panevino is a restaurant I had never heard of until this trip to las vegas.  With a fantastic view of the strip, looking to the north west, the backdrop for a great dinner was set.The interior is dark and w low lights.  A romantic spot for sure.  The staff, all of the staff, were welcoming and and friendly.We started with happy hour cocktails at the bar.  Good prices and a wide and tasty selection.A group of four, we were seated at a table that was the perfect size where we weren't shifting plates to make room for the next course.I started my meal w a Gorgonzola and pear salad.  The sweet pears and aged cheese complimented each other well. A delcious treat.For my entree, a veal ossobuco on a bed of saffron rissotto.  To die for!  Melted in my mouth not sure how else to describe but, if its on the menu and you love tender and flavorful meat, order this.  You will not be disappointed.The desserts looked wonderful, but i had to finish my ossobuco and there was no room left in my stomach.I will definitely return here.
5	I will keep it short...Took the wife here  for her birthday with the two kids.We enjoy great dining and service, both of which were wonferfull.This is now on our list of fine dining spots to hit up again.
4	Panevino is off the strip which was nice because parking was easy.  The staff took their time and I felt taken care of.  I ordered butternut squash soup and the caprese gnocci.  The restaurant is beautiful with its panoramic window view of the strip.  It made me glad to think I was in Panevino that night and not dealing with the crowds.I enjoyed Panevino and would like to return one day.
5	Outstanding food and wonderful ambience with a spectacular view of the Vegas Strip and planes arriving in Vegas. Particularly good for dinner,  but worth stopping in for a business lunch as well.
3	Our experience was not as we had anticipated.  The food was average, the price was  high.  The entrance (door) to the place was very hard to find, we had to walk around the building a couple of times before we could discover an entry way.  Also, neither the ambience, nor the view were as romantic as we had heard.
4	Great food, but the same can't be said about the portions. Parking is free in their lot. I got the sausage ravioli. It was good and not much at all. Great view of the airport if you are an aviation lover(like my self). You can watch the planes take off. Over all good service.
5	We came here in a huge group of about 20 people.  It has a dark, sophisticated atmosphere and nice architectural design.  Our servers were really nice and accommodating, but somehow we ended up with too much food!  The seafood sampler appetizer was great and was larger than we expected.  We were pretty full after the appetizers were served already so we ended up cancelling a few entree orders so we can share.  They were very nice and didn't make this difficult in any way.  That's the mark of great service!  My friend and I shared the sea bass and I thought it was great, but then again sea bass usually speaks for itself!  I would eat here again and would recommend it to friends!
1	I went to many Itarian Restrant lots states but I never  had disappointment like tonight. Came back hotel I even throw up. These review was most of them great but this was really bad food . I usually have luck from yelp review this Restrant is too Americanized - Itarian foods. Also bread was like a rock taste like day old. Never will see them again. never!!!!
5	You don't need to go to a fancy casino restaurant on the strip for 5 star dining. This place exceeded my expectations. Classy, professional, caring, over the top service. Excellent.
5	Absolutely one of my favorite restaurants. The osso bucco is like butter. Also they charge extra for warm bread, but it is outstanding, a unique bread. Also they have a bar which is very comfortable and you can eat at also. View of the strip at night is incredible. Great food and always feel welcome every time i go. i can't wait to go back.
2	The most boring tasteless Italian food I've ever had. Olive garden has better food than this place. I had blackened shrimp alfredo and my boyfriend had shrimp and scallop ravioli. Severely BLAND food. I must say the staff was awesome, super friendly and fast and on top of their guests every need.The place itself is gorgeous, spectacular views great ambiance and beautiful decor but for the price you pay your expecting great pasta... Not the case at all! I even had the waiter choose my dish out of my top three choices. if that was the best Choice than this place needs help!  However we did share tiramisu and it was Definetly spot on! Desert chef and staff get kudos and a star each  but for $100 dinner for two off the strip I expected so so much more. I am shocked this place has such high reviews. We only chose this place because of yelp... So sad!
3	I went here on a Valentine's Day date with my boyfriend last night and we were excited because we've driven by the place so many times and never went inside. They were able to accommodate us despite the busy holiday. There is a great view of the strip through the giant windows and the inside decor is modern yet romantic. They have some charming booths set up that face the windows; I definitely recommend reserving those in advance. Our server was extremely friendly and informative. The overall service is definitely 5 stars. We started with the scallops and crab cakes as appetizers. The scallops were my favorite and the crab cakes were good but not the best I've had. They provided us with a loaf of white bread (cold. I definitely prefer warm..) with some olive oil and balsamic vinegar. I had the veal for dinner and my boyfriend ordered the ahi tuna because unfortunately they were out of the Chilean sea bass. This was a downer because my boyfriend chose the place specifically because they had sea bass on the menu. I give both dishes, the veal and ahi tuna 3 stars. For how expensive they were, I expected better, but they were certainly enjoyable. The portions are very generous, so we were able to pack half of our meals. I had the featured chardonnay and wasn't a fan, so I ordered their glass of riesling. I can't say I made the greatest selections on the wine in general so that affected the overall enjoyment of dinner. I recommend asking the server for a good suggestion on wine pairing.Overall, I recommend the place for a special occasion. Be prepared to spend some money if you want the full experience and be sure to make reservations or call in advance to check for availability. I definitely suggest the booths facing the windows.
5	I can't say enough about this restaurant.  While the menu is Italian, they recognize that sometimes vegans enjoy a night out and have a special menu for such persons.  The vegan options were introduced to the dining room over a year ago and I have made an effor to try all of the dishes.  On Friday I had the Barley & Mushroom Soup for an appetizer and followed it with the Roasted Vegetable Tortellini for an entree.  The soup was a perfect appetizer size and served hot.  It was a little salty which might be too intense for some people but I enjoyed it.  The homemade tortellinis were served with a fresh marinara sauce and asparagus spears.  It too was served hot and seasoned perfectly.  My husband didn't see his favorite dish on the menu (Roasted Vegetable Pasta Primavera) but that wasn't a problem.  We asked the waiter if he could inquire about the chef making the dish for him.  It must have tasted great because there wasn't one noodle left on his plate.Our two friends are both carnivors and one enjoyed a steak dinner and the other their seafood platter.  They raved about how great and fresh everything was.  The staff members are all very friendly, attentive and professional.  Every person that comes to visit us from out of town is treated to a meal at this restaurant and everyone leaves after enjoying a 5 star experience.
4	Got some great feedback about this restaurant, so decided to take my wife there for her birthday. The ambiance is nice and the view, at night, is phenomenal. The food is decent and looked like they had a lot of entrees for vegans. I ordered the NY strip steak, which was well prepared. My only slight complaint is the menu should have been a tad clearer about the side dish that accompanied it. However, the service is EXCELLENT and they didn't charge us for the birthday dessert they brought my wife. Overall a great experience
5	Panevino is by far the nicest and best Italian Restaurant I have ever eaten at. Their service was amazing, waiters would refill drinks, remove plates, etc without interrupting me and my girlfriend, they allowed us to finish appetizers before they brought the main course, and made coming to this restaurant an amazing experience.I work for a very large casino in Las Vegas, so I eat at 5star restaurants all the time, and I can honestly say this place blows them all out of the water. The ambiance is amazing, and the view is the absolute best I have ever seen in Vegas. This includes better than the rooftop views of Stratosphere, Voodoo Lounge, and some of the other clubs around the city.The Gnocchi at this restaurant is AMAZING!The rest of the food was amazing as well. We actually got Guacamole and chips as an appetizer (why an Italian place has Guacamole and chips I'm not sure though!) and it was the best I have ever had. The Guacamole was fresh, our waiter told us they made it per order fresh, and it tasted like it! The chips were amazing, and I would guess they made those there at the restaurant as well. Me and my girlfriend couldn't get enough!Their drinks were great, we both got the pomegranate cocktail (forgot the actual name) and it was really good.After dinner we went to their lounge, which is really nice, and they actually stayed open late while we finished our drinks before heading out for the night.All in all, I would honestly say this has to be the best dining experience I have ever had, and we will be back. This place is for the "romantic couple" though, not the casual lunch I would say. And don't go here expected a bill of less than $100, we spent $125, and it was worth EVERY dollar. We will definitely be back!
4	Pleasantly surprised.  Wasn't sure what to expect being that this restaurant is located right next to the airport, a ways off the strip... in kind of an industrial area.  While the menu is Italian, I wouldn't say it's really an Italian place, but I would say this was a very nice restaurant, with great food, good service, and a great vibe!  I was actually really surprised at how nice it was inside.  I had the Ahi Tuna... seared to perfection.  My friends had pasta and both of them loved it!  We ordered a special artisan bread and that was good too!  Nothing was bad.  I guess this is somewhere to go if you want to eat like a local in Vegas, and get away from the strip.  Definitely going back.
4	I've been here several times and one of the things I love about Panevinos is the panoramic view of the strip without having to be actually ON the strip.  The restaurant, located directly South of the airport offers floor to ceiling windows that give great views of both the Strip and all those travelers coming to Vegas with high hopes of becoming Americas next millionaire, then leaving with their tail between their legs.The restaurant itself is quite large with the dining area to the right and the bar / lounge to the left.  The lounge is a good place to catch happy hour as it is quite spacious with plenty of stools at the bar and plenty of booths and tables around the lounge itself.  This used to be open to the dining room, separated only by a low dividing partition but I have heard that it is now fully enclosed.My favorite thing on their menu is their short ribs.  I realize that doesn't sound very Italian however if you decide to come here, I would highly suggest them.  The ribs are served in a red wine reduction sauce and presented over mash potatoes that are whipped with blue cheese.  The sweetness of the wine and the saltiness of the blue cheese are an excellent combination paired with the tenderness of the ribs.  The ribs are very tender and a knife is not required.  If the potatoes aren't your thing, you can always substitute pasta.  IMO, I wouldn't change anything about this dish.If you're looking to stay a little more to the traditional Italian, the penne vodka is always a good bet.  Their vodka sauce is one of the best that I've had.  Rich and creamy, coats the pasta extremely well, yet leaving you wanting more.A full bar and a very good wine selection is served as.  The wait staff is knowledgeable on the wines that are served and will offer their suggestions when asked.One of the draws to Panevinos is their service.  Each and every time the service has been well above par.  From the way one is greeted by the hostesses to the those who are clearing your table, the service is extremely friendly, helpful and friendly.  From the time you sit down to the time you finish your meal, you get the feeling as though you're the only one dining at that time because the service makes you feel special as you walk through the door.Parking here is a breeze.  Since it is located off the strip and in the front of a business complex, there is plenty of parking available during the evening.My only knock on Panevino is their pricing.  The beef and fish are priced for what you'd typically expect however their pasta dishes are on the high side.  Portions are decent.....but still a little on the steep side as far as pricing structure goes.This is definitely a good place to meet for dinner to conduct some business, socialize or to just take in the views and enjoy your time away from The Strip.  One of my Vegas favorites.
5	This time when I arrived with Diane, one of my college fraternity brothers from long ago, and his wife, it was loud and noisy.  But we got the booth we had requested, and began with salty and warm Artisan Bread  that billowed like pliable Pita Bread, and was heavenly to eat either with EVOO or butter.  This cost $6.00 but was well worth it.  The complimentary regular Bread Basket also contained three types of tasty bread.  Fried crispy Mozzarella Cheese was great with a mild Marinara Sauce, and the golden Calamari & Shrimp Fritti was very good.  But my request for an aioli to go with the calamari was declined because the chef reportedly did not have some needed ingredients available, and the place was too crowded with diners.Minestrone Soup was chock full of assorted vegetables.  My Caesar Salad was big and very good, and one of my party enjoyed an impressive looking Grilled Vegetable Salad that included red and yellow peppers, Romaine Lettuce leaves, asparagus, artichoke, and eggplant.Service was good but not as attentive as before.  I had to ask for an Iced Tea refill once, and a straw twice.  And, a server was slow in bringing an ordered glass of wine and a cocktail.  The dark wood tables no longer had a linen tablecloth placed over them, so I thought the place looked less refined than previously.  But a nice touch was that lemon slices were served with plastic picks stuck in them.  The Veal du jour was Veal Piccata, which was veal scaloppini in a very lemony Lemon Butter, Caper, and Parsley Sauce served with tasty Sauteed Spinach and fine, diced Roasted Potatoes.  The spinach was not creamy, as I now prefer.  The other diners at my table reported that they very much liked their Veal Marsala and Short Ribs with Mashed Potatoes and gravy, but I was told that the Four Cheese Shrimp Ravioli dish was cold. A Dessert Trio of Strawberry Napoleon, Creme Brulee, and Tiramisu was a great finish to a fine meal, but Diane and I were disappointed that a Dessert Duo is no longer offered.  We were told that this is because the restaurant no longer serves Chocolate Mousse.  When Diane expressed surprise that there was no artistry on the dessert plate as in all of our previous visits, and laughingly asked our server to take it back because of that, he reached out to grab and return the dish to the pastry chef to provide some decorative touches.  I said that would be unnecessary, and we launched into our wonderful desserts.  Then about 10 minutes later our server reappeared with a ceramic platter with nothing on it--just a special plate decorated with colorful fruit gel in the shape of leaves and blooming fruit.  It had a message written on it in Chocolate Gel that read "Thank you For Dining With us" (see pic).  This to me was a very nice, above and beyond gesture, and it helped to narrowly preserve a five-star rating for Panevino, which is still my favorite Italian restaurant for alta cucina in or outside Las Vegas.
2	I have to say, I was beyond disappointed coming back here. In 7 years, the food has gone completely downhill and the prices have skyrocketed.Came on a Saturday night, around 9p. We were starving, btw, so at that point even the table looked appetizing. The place was totally DEAD! 9p...Saturday night...VEGAS!? Even for being a little late and off the strip, this is a huge sign that the place isn't doing well. Absolutely gorgeous ambiance. Greeted by a very sweet gentleman; he claimed to be the sommelier (but he was also playing host.. Hmm.. Another sign?) Sat at a very comfortable booth facing the large windows with a beautiful view. Reminded me of Top of the World at the Stratosphere (without the spinning).The waiter came to greet us, told us about a few specials and that they were out of quite a few items. Together we ordered two Caesar salads, one cup of soup, the shrimp and scallop ravioli and two glasses of wine (Grand total, $103).Salads came out freezing cold, we were not offered fresh ground pepper, had to ask TWICE, because the salads came out at different times. I've had a better Caesar in a plastic to-go container at an airport. Cheap, shitty lettuce and thick, super mayonnaise-y dressing. I was so unimpressed with the ravioli; it tasted like something you'd get at the Olive Garden or Macaroni Grill. With a $30 price tag! Are they out of their damn minds?!I recommend going somewhere else for dinner. There are SOOO many fantastic restaurants in Vegas, and if you're going to spend that much, you may as well enjoy it.
4	Breaking news kids! Panevino has a vegan menu....2 items only but still...it's a start!Panevino has been a staple of ours when we've felt like having a meal at a nice Italian restaurant that offers us vegetarian options, a nice ambiance and not dealing with the craziness of the strip. As per what we've known to be customary, Panevino delivered this time again. The restaurant is elegant - dark. slightly dressy, a great view of the Strip and the airport and impeccable service. I ordered the vegan tortellini - made in the restaurant 100%, the shells were stuffed with some kind of tofu mix and all sorts of veggie goodness! Asparagus tips scattered the plate in a rich tomato sauce. A +!Husband ordered the second veggie dish - the veggie burger. Yes, I yawned when he placed the order but DANG is that thing good. The patty itself is made in-house with a mix of veggies, potatoes and breadcrumbs. Yummers. Served with the BEST grilled veggies (asparagus and an insane roasted potato) and a vegetable broth based dipping sauce (french dip dreams perhaps?)...this was one solid burger. If I'm in the mood for a veggie burger...I'll probably head here the next time I'm back in Vegas. Our friends ordered the halibut which apparently was so fresh and crazy delicious. The lemon chicken was also quite delicious I hear. Prices are a little steep - approx 25 dollars for each veggie dish and 30-35 for the fish/poultry. Panevino is a dependable staple for a non-strip but centrally located pleasant Italian dining experience. With the vegan additions (I hope they multiply the menu options), Panevino came through for me in a big way this time!
4	It may be a depressing thing leaving the strip, especially when in search of food. You just don't feel with the in crowd anymore. Thats what it feels like when I was going to Panevino.But you could look at it a different way. Maybe time away from all the slot machines and drunk kids playing blackjack isn't a bad thing. Panevino was nice and quiet when we got there. It's dimly light with a very elegant environment. I think the greatest thing about Panevino was the view of the strip. It really allowed you to take a step back and look at Vegas with all its bright lights and flashy decor.Their menu is simple and not cluttered with a billion things you can order. I like that.We ordered artisan bread as a starter to feed our group. It's awesome finger food. A friend described it as 'whoopie cushion' bread. You kind of wait for it to deflate or pop it yourself...depends on your mood or how you did at the tables I guess. Then rip away.I got their blackened chicken rigatoni. It came perfectly al dente and the pasta has such a good bite to it. Homemade. The sauce was great. I normally expect most pasta dishes with chicken in it to contain a bunch of overcooked meat. This wasn't the case...I can't stress how soft the chicken was. It's like god himself cooked it with his bare hands while he was playing the slots and drinking a brewskie. Totally worth it and very good.Good place to go if you've grown tired of all the glitz and the glam...IF thats even possible.
4	Blackened shrimp fettuccine was delicious!! I like the warm focaccia bread too, not many restaurants serve it. Service was great. Beautiful view of the Las Vegas Airport... seriously!!
4	What ever the occasion has been, I've been to Panevino for it, and I always leave impressed. Here's why.The place: beautiful. Inside and out. Especially inside. They have designed the place so, despite that it's next to an airport, you can only see the strip out of the windows. The interior is very different in terms of shape/structure. Impressive.The service is always spot-on. Some places over-serve. That really annoys me. I don't want to say "no, thank you," as often as I blink. Instead, they're prompt when they should be and give you the treatment you'd expect for the money you're paying.The food. Ok, so I have a problem with a lot of upscale dining. Most restaurants get away with bad but dressed up food because people just don't know any better. The sushi business is a testament to this. Overpriced for no real reason. Panevino's food is actually delicious and leaves you wanting to order seconds, but you can't because they figured out how much to feed you before you feel unpleasantly full. Quality and attention to detail with anything you order. Be it their freshly made breads or seared ahi steaks. Even if you bring a birthday cake they'll slice it and dress it up to be served beautifully.Forget most upscale dining. This is the only one I've walked away from with, "it's worth it."
2	Panevino, off-strip dining, on strip prices.There is no argument that Panevino is a spacious and impressively designed restaurant with an abundance of parking. It has a mid noise level with a romantic-ish ambiance and dim lighting. Unfortunately the night I visited, service and food was not on par with the aesthetics. Service was slow and servers seemed confuse. Dishes that were ordered came out all together, however the servers had no clue who had what, isn't that service 101? Water was filled, but rather infrequently and several times we were left without water for at least 15 minutes. Empty plates were picked up one at a time? What? Why would they pick up only one and run back to the kitchen? Waiting for them to complete the bill transaction took what seemed to be a decade. Perhaps it was a fact that we were a big group and our total bill being over $600 meant they were getting a big tip regardless, but nonetheless disappointing. Onto the food! Food prices may seem reasonable for a classy Italian restaurant, but portions represent no value. Four cheese ravioli came with FOUR ravioli, good lord, how can you even get satisfied with FOUR pieces of ravioli, especially for $26. Maybe if they caused orgasms in your mouth then it could be justified, but it did not. The Shrimp and Scallop Risotto ($29) was a better value, as it had just enough protein, but unfortunately the shrimp was overcooked, oh well. At least they served free Italian bread with oil and vinaigrette. Will probably pass on Panevino in the future, sorry.
3	I love the atmosphere in this place.  I think that in itself was a winner and they also have an amazing selection of wine.  The food was a-ok.  My chicken and asparagus risotto was a tad bit salty.  But I love their fresh baked artisan bread. That was kind of amazing.  The service was really good so I think that made up for the salty risotto.  I'd probably go back on a special occasion to try something different.
5	My Wife and I LOVE Panevino! We chose Panevino for our 4th wedding anniversary dinner. Vincenzo and staff wowed us on all three courses! Every single item was amazing in presentation and taste. Thank you so much Panevino for an amazing dining experience.
4	I just love Restaurant week, it always makes me get out there and try new places, and I have been meaning to try Panevino for like 5 years!We arrived at 7:30PM and were seated in a booth in front of the giant window that looks out to the Vegas skyline. It was a pretty amazing view as the sun set behind the city. The restaurant itself is pretty dark, and as the sun set I thought we would disappear into Panevino's black void. But alas we did not. There was just enough light to see the most important things, my guy, my drink and my food!I suggest the cucumber martini and the ginger gimlet for a nice summery refreshing cocktail. Since Sharing is Caring we ordered the following to split.Carppaccio  & ScallopsRavioli & Lemon ChickenChocolate Souffle & lemon pastryIn my opinion all excellent choices, the ravioli was our favorite.I can not wait to go back as I saw a ton of other great looking dishes on the regular menu. Oh, my only little complaint which is really no big deal was the sommelier wasn't that attentive. After the first glass I made sure our glasses were never empty.
2	We were just in Las Vegas and, after dining in some very good restaurants in two hotels, we decided to go off the Strip.  I had read several reviews and thought this would be a very good find.  We were somewhat disappointed. There were six of us and we decided to order cocktails, rather than wine.  It appeared that the server was a bit disappointed!!  The menu was OK and the food was a little bit better than that.  Definitely, didn't compare to the other meals we had during our stay.  The service was below par...had to constantly flag someone down to fill our water glasses. There are many, many other fine restaurants to dine at...we will not be returning to this one.
5	Amazing experience! It is now one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. Atmosphere was fantastic, elegant and dark. Great music selection as well. The service was also spectacular especially from the GM of the restaurant. We were given a very special and genuine dining experience especially since we are Vegans. The GM personally put his ideas and his heart into our unbelievably delicious meal. I'm very pleased and will be back soon. I'm already making plans for my next visit. Thanks Panevino!
4	Loved the ambiance. The calamari was delicious and the portion was huge for an appetizer, you must share it. The dinner portions were average, but delicious. You must order the seafood linguini.
4	Panevino has been in my bookmarks for quite some time and I finally had the chance to come in last week for happy hour around 4pm. It was still very bright outside, but once we got inside it felt like night had fallen. The interior is pretty intimate with dim lighting and artistic architecture.We were greeted at the bar by the friendly bartender right away. There were only two other people at the bar and they seemed to be regulars, which was a good sign. The bartender gave us a rundown of all their happy hour specials and pulled out a special Halloween cocktail menu (themed cocktails FTW). I decided to go with the Arachnophobia and Don got Child's Play. It took a while to make, but I didn't care because the cocktails looked so cool! My ultra blue drink was topped with black spiders and cotton candy that literally just arrived from It's Sugar. Some guy sitting on the other end of the bar even came up to me and asked if he could take a picture of my drink! Don's drink was pretty strong, which he enjoyed. It had crushed Fruity Pebbles around the rim of his martini glass and a creepy eyeball just floating around (http://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/UpRyw9XAlGNrKNqyZGUNHA/l.jpg). If I had the time, I probably would've ordered another Arachnophobia because it was so tasty and not overly strong. The cotton candy made it all the more fun!The great cocktails combined with the very friendly service makes me a fan of Panevino. I can't wait to come here for a sit down dinner!
3	Since one of my trusty yelp friends has gushed over panevino how amazing the food was.  We decided to come here &  It was simply disappointing coming here.  I was so sad that I'm giving it a 3-star but it wasn't as great as the reviews & friends says it was.My ratings:SERVICE: (4.8 out of 5 stars)I must admit, I wanted to give an extra star for the service they provided but man the taste of the food had to take it away.  When we were seated the took out the extra silverware, but they ended taking a little too much because we ended up with only one butter knife & one napkin.  We asked for an extra butter knife & napkin but they completely forgot about it and remembered when we asked a second time.  I didnt mind that they forgot about since we were sharing the napkin & butter knife. FOOD: (overall: 3.0 out of 5 stars)As the sound of one loses would hear, "wahhh wahhh wahh" Appetizer: Shrimp & Squid Calamari (2.8)The cost of the calamari & the size of it was not worth paying.  The taste and the flavors of it was not as strong as I would like.  The aroma was magnificent but taste was pretty bland.Carpaccio (2.7)Brio has better carpaccio.  I tried putting the beef carpaccio on the complimentary bread we had & added some parmesan cheese to enjoy this appetizer more. The salad that it had was very tasteful, I actually really liked it alot.Entree (3.0)Mine: Blackened shrimp with Alfredo fettucini sauce.  The shrimp tasted amazing, it had the right amount of flavoring.  The alfredo not so much. The pasta was thin & it reminded me of one of those dinner plates that you microwave (lean cuisine,etc).  The pasta & alfredo sauce almost tasted exactly as the microwave dinner plates, how sad is that? sighsAmbience/atmosphere: (4.5)Very intimate and relaxing.  The view is almost spectacular since you can see the Last vegas strip from your window seating and the airplanes coming & going. We didnt even bothering ordering any desserts just because we were  that disappointed with our food.  I guess we wont be dinning here anymore.
4	This place was very good.  They had a table big enough for ten of us and we could all hear each other.  I had the beef ribs and they were great.
4	Located right off of Sunset Road next to McCarran Airport, Panevino is a great restaurant that offers its diners a view of the landing strip through huge windows.  Great place for date night on a Friday night. I had the Pear and Gorgonzola salad to start (refreshing and light) and the Short Ribs with mashed potatoes as the entree (comfort food).  Overall, an enjoyable meal with excellent service and ambience.  Highly recommended for a special occasion.
4	Everything was really good. My only let down was our server. Don't get me wrong, the sommelier was fantastic. I had asked the server what I should order, what the house specialty was. "I dunno, it's all pretty good food." Not obtaining help from him, I was left to choose what I thought was best. I would say top 50 meals I have had. Not close to top 10, but not bottom of the 50. The view is nice, the place is sleepy romantic. I would say check it out for sure. I just hope your server is a bit better than mine was.
3	I really have nothing to add to the previous 100 reviews.  But, since Yelp promotes narcissism, I'll give it a shot.1. Ambiance!  Beautiful architecture, picture windows, and fantastic views translates into a great dining experience.  Oddly romantic for being right next to the airport.2.  Service!  Had a 20 + party and they took care of us nicely.  Not everything was plated at the same time, but, I understand.  Good for groups.3.  Food to ingest!  They have two sides, the to-go and the dine-in. I've never been to the to-go but it appears to be lunch only.  The dine-in side is a bit pricey for the quality, I have to admit.  I tried the blackened shrimp with fettucini in a parmesean cream sauce (about $26).  It was, meh.  Not flavorful at all.  However, I stole some of my neighbor's short ribs and blue cheese mashed potatoes  ($31) and it was heaven. ORDER THAT.  I heard someone else bitching about how gross the lemon chicken was so....DON'T ORDER THAT. They also give you a bread basket as part of the meal.  I'd pass if you're counting carbs...the bread seemed stale.
5	This is our favorite place to eat in Vegas.Great service and food.Authentic Italian food and you will love the experience.DON'T LEAVE VEGAS BEFORE EATING HERE.
5	Great Happy Hour: 4-7pm, Monday through Friday!  One of my favorite places, classy, low-key and away from the Strip.  Great service as well.
5	This place is absolutely fantastic. The view, of the airport and the city, is the best. As an aviation nerd, it's even better. The inside is very comfortable, very relaxing, and yet elegant all at the same time (without being stuffy). Five stars for all of that alone. Our group of 8 all left very happy. From happy hour drinks in the bar, to many bottles of wine from the sommelier's recommendations, to my Seafood Linguine was filled with good, fresh, amazing seafood and a great sauce. The antipasti appetizer was fantastic with great meats, fresh veggies. Calamari and crab cake appetizer also fresh tasting, and had tons of flavor. Everyone appreciated their meals and left happy and fat, whether they had the Fijian swordfish, cheese ravioli, osso bucco, you name it. After dinner drinks of port and limoncello were the icing on the cake. Prices seemed a bit high for the pasta dishes (especially those without any meat or seafood), but you pay for quality and atmosphere. Other items seemed more fairly priced. Service throughout was excellent.
3	OK, so this a mixed review.  FIVE stars for the HAPPY HOUR, 4 to 7, you cannot beat that.  I have never tried the deli only the Happy Hour which does allow you to order off the menu if you so desire for dinner.We have been here several times for the Happy Hour and the food on the Happy Hour Menu is awesome.  Even though some plates look small for the price, the food during Happy Hour is good.As for DINNER, which we had once....TWO STARS at best and that is being nice.  I had a Bone in Ribeye last week and it was not worth the price.  I went to of all places The Bootlegger a few nights later and had a MUCH better Ribeye for almost half the price.  The size was bigger then Panevino without the BONE and it had a taste.  The other dish we had was just ok as well.  I would recommend this place for HAPPY HOUR, but not for dinner.  For the prices they charge, the food should be so much better.  I can recommend many places off the strip that have better food at better prices.I can only recommend this place for the drinks and appetizers during Happy Hour and go somewhere else for dinner like we did last night, a much better value.
4	This place has some truly delicious Italian food. I went with a party of six, so in addition to my own meal, I got to sample bites of several other dishes, and everything was great. The restaurant easily matches the quality of anything on the strip.The restaurant itself is gorgeous, especially after dark when you can enjoy panoramic views of the city lights. I would seriously eat here every night if I could, just for the view. I also like that the restaurant is slightly hidden. It's like an exclusive club that only a few know about.
3	Very nice Italian restaurant with vegetarian options available and a nice view to boot.
4	Had a problem with the bill and the service could have been a little better...  Great wine selection.   I will be back to give it another shot...
5	We went to Panevino for a very special occasion this week and everything was great! The restaurant is beautiful, Vincenzo and Mark made us feel very special, the service was professional and attentive. The suppli, crabcakes, spinach tortino for appetizers delicious! The salmon cooked perfect. The children chicken tenders were homemade and very good as well as the pizza. AWESOME!!! Loved it!
3	Good food- expensive. Great ambiance . All in all a pleasant experience.
5	Okay so let me just start by saying I was a bit hesitant to continue with my reservation here at Panevino due to the inconsistent review's from other people. I am sure glad I have this place the benefit of doubt because let me tell you this was probably some of the best authentic Italian food I have had in a while! When we arrived we thouight they were closed due to there being like maybe only 5 cars in the parking lot on a Friday night! Made reservations on Open Table and was seated right away! The service was above par! Everyone working was very attentive and our waiter was very good! It's a bit dark in there though but it works for a romantic setting type. We started out with to die for crab cakes ($20) a little steep on the price but I enjoyed them so much so I guess it was okay! He gave a recommendation of the Veal Ossobuco ($46) ! Man it fell right off the bone! We also had the Blackened Chicken Rigatoni ($26) for an entree another slam dunk! Very flavorful and chicken cooked to perfection. Overall I would recommend this restuarant to anyone!
4	Love the view, enjoy the food, memorable...Very Vegas without the schtick
3	Disappointed.  I was expecting better tasting food.  Calamari was chewy.  Seafood linguine lacked flavor.  Short ribs were good but a little salty.  Great service though.
4	Great food and great service.  We enjoyed this place and the atmosphere was pleasant.  We would definately return and recommend.  Though it's a little upscale we didn't feel stuffy which was nice.  The steaks were amazing and the appetizers were awesome.
4	good wine list, scratch made pasta, an awesome company were what I found here. Some friends took us here for dinner, and i was so happy about it. Love when a place has a mellow vibe that is not stuffy, cares about the food, and is attentive without being over the top.  Everyone cleaned their plate, went thru a few bottles of wine, and left happy.  You wont get the great plague if you eat here. You're welcome!
5	For someone who is Italian, loves Italian food , BUT is vegan and doesn't want to compromise taste and quality, I can offcially say that I have found the best of both worlds! FINALLY! My friends and I were looking to hold an event at a restaurant that had Italian cuisine but more importantly one that had vegan options. We heard about the restaurant and their vegan menu  from a co-worker of mine and thought we'd check it out! We had over 50ppl for our party and EVERYTHING, yes I mean EVERYTHING was vegan! The private room in which the event was held was the perfect space and the food of course was delicious, not to forget the service was outstanding!
5	Panevino is a spectacular dining experience! Perfect spot for a romantic evening! The vegan selection of Italian food is amazing! The service staff along with the GM Vincenzo, Mark the bar manager  and Gabriel the Sommelier are amazing and pay attention to every detail from the moment you walk into Panevino.  Highly recommend this place to all Las Vegans, vegans  and folks visiting Las Vegas!
5	Awesome Italian Food with a great wine list to compliment!!!!!  The restaurant has awesome views of the strip.Highly recd
2	While the view is fantastic, the Happy Hour is great and the environment is excellent, the food is what makes this restaurant problematic. I'm not a fan of overpaying for food, but have no regrets if the food is worth the price. The food is not worth the price at Panevino.Small portions of tasteless food can fetch $20-30 a plate, which in my opinion is too much. The best part of the meal were the salads, but at over $10 a piece, were hardly worth it. I tried two different pasta dishes, each one underwhelming. The lemon chicken was dry and required a healthy dose of salt and pepper.If you are looking for a beautiful restaurant and care little about how much the food costs tastes, this is the place for you. Otherwise, you can find comparable food at your local Olive Garden.
5	Great Happy Hour! Moretti on tap, can it get any better? The service, the poofy bread and course the view....all amazing.
5	I couldn't love Panevino more. Amazing food and drinks, and authentic Italian food. Plus Vincenzo is such a kind person and always makes us feel right at home. AND they have a vegan menu with delicious items. Love Panevino!
5	What an amazing diner last night,Panevino is the most romantic restaurant in the city and the Italian food is amazing.Great wine selection and of course CORONA !!!!! HahahaI would recomend if you have not been there to go
2	CRAAAAAAP! What did they do to this place? My wife and I used to stop in all the time for drinks, great service, a little video poker and most importantly, the amazing view. What a great place to grab a few comfortable chairs and relax with friends or just the two of us. Wait for it... SOMEONE (that better be fired by now) put up a HUGE, ugly, stupid, interior wall in the bar/lounge area and blocked the view! WTF? Let me get my head around this: You own a place with one of the best views IN THE WORLD, literally THE WORLD and you put up an interior wall to block it? Think about this, you can only have this view if you are off of the strip AND there is nothing between you and the lights of Las Vegas Blvd. Panevino is the ONLY place on the ground floor with a view like that. Maybe they don't care about the bar costumers and only the dinners, who knows? I do hope someone got fired for this stupid idea. We will have to settle for PTs down the road. The food might be great and we may try it some day, but one of our regular haunts is dead to us as a cool, classy lounge.  We joke when we drive by Panevino: "wanna stop in a look at the wall?.. Nah".
4	What do you call a half Chinese and half Filipino like me? A Cioppino! I just heard that from somebody and thought I'd share the lameness with everybody. Now, let's all forget that part and think of music from Kaskade, Imogen Heap, Telepopmusik -which was the awesome soundtrack for my dinner. Anyway, our group went here for a celebration.The view of The Strip from this restaurant was nice.  I was watching planes take-off and land...I'm easily amused! It took a while before anybody gave us the menu.Cioppino:Losbter, salmon, shrimp, mussels, scallops, tuna, sea bass in tomato broth. Great fresh taste without having a briny feel/taste. 4/5Short Rib Risotto:In red wine sauce and parmesan cheese. Risotto was perfectly cooked and the short rib was very tender. 4/5Pear and Gorgonzola Salad:One of the best tasting salads I've had with no meat in it. I normally feel like I'm being punished when I eat a salad but this one was pretty enjoyable. It has mandarin orange pieces, pear, arugula, walnuts, endive, Gorgonzola cheese, radicchio with lemon dressing. 4/5Chocolate Souffle:Comes with chocolate gelato. Well-executed souffle with a runny center. 4/5Panevino Trio:Creme brulee, tiramisu and lemon pastry cream napoleon. A nice dessert sampler. However, the tiramisu and creme brulee were just marginal. 3.5/5Apple Bread Cake:Apple bread cake with apple-cinnamon raisin sauce. Nice, warm and tasty. 4/5
5	We had a great dinner, great service, good food, and a view of the strip.
5	Everyone was right, the view is spectacular, the device impeccable and the cuisine.....AMAZING! I highly recommend the shrimp and scallop ravioli- it was lightly bathed in a lobster bisque. My boyfriend had the assorted fish, there's something about a smokey grill flavor that makeseverything better. I would definitely come back!
4	Loved everything but prices on wine list, markups crazy, 400-600 %. Food & Service excellent, great desserts!
5	I loved every part of my experience here. Its a beautiful and romantic restaurant with great service and delicious food. I'm sad it took us this long to try it.So my husband and I started with the Forbidden Fruit and Morning Buzz, both martinis were awesome, those dangerous drinks that don't taste like alcohol but will put you on your ass. The rest of the party got lovely glasses of wine.  We were also presented with a delicious complimentary bread basket with olive oil and balsamic for dipping.We shared some salads, the Andrea salad was amazing, how can a salad taste that good?For entrees we got Veal Piccata, Bone in Ribeye with Gnocchi, Assorted Griilled Fish, and the Spinach Tortellini. Everything was delicious. My husbands gnocchi was the lightest and best I have ever had. My grilled fish was simple but so good with such a variety of seafood, and I was able to switch out the potatoes it came with for some pasta. They were very accommodating. We were too stuffed for dessert unfortunately.We will be back, it's such a great restaurant and the prices really aren't  that bad for this experience.
5	Everything was 5-star. Vincenzo, the GM, treats us like royalty every time we're there. He's the total star of their operation in my opinion. He's vegan, too!  So he know how to cater to the veggies and non-veggies alike. This is a place were veg heads and non-veggies can come together for a fine dining experience. The plant-based menu is amazing. I've had almost everything on there and it's all super delicious. My husband (who's non-veg) loves it here and said he'd go vegan if every meal was like Panevino's meals. Their plant-based menu is thoughtful, and not just some Gardein slop. No offense to Gardein. But, if I'm paying top dollar for a gourmet vegan meal, I'd prefer no alternative meats in my dish. Service: A+Ambiance: A+Food quality: A+One of the best restaurant views of Las Vegas.
5	We just had the most wonderful meal at Panevino.  What a pleasure to find a restaurant with a page of healthy plant-based options, some of which were oil free, as well as vegan! We were there with the whole family, including a small child, and the staff could not have been nicer. The General Manager, Vincenzo Granata, who is also vegan, treated us like royalty.  We will be back.
5	Beautiful food, great service.  Great options for those who are vegan.  Pasta was so fresh.  Only wish we had room to try the dessert options. 5 Stars.  We sat in the lounge as we didn't have reservations.  Was still great service.   The only down side was the taxi took us on a scenic route to get there.  If only we knew how close we were to the strip!   Watch those guys they are crooks!
2	Second time around, not so much. The service was really poor. I used to be a waitress so I have a lot if patience esp when it's busy. It wasn't busy and we sat there with no menus or water for 11 min.Our food was good however, our waiter brought our food and we never saw him again. No iced tea or water refills, no more wine. The waiter went to all the other tables except ours. Never again. I will pay more for better service.
5	Although my first experience at Panevino was with a large group of about eighty people... I was truly blown away. We started off at the bar... I had a very well made Ol'Fashioned (I am very picky) while my wife had a glass of sauvignon blanc (nice and cold how she likes it). The bar was classy and comfortable and the staff were attentive and efficient.I met Vincenzo the GM on our way in for dinner. I learned that he was vegan and was excited about serving us a plant based meal. I understand the chef is vegan as well. Cutting to the chase... our meal was absolutley delicious. Service was right there. I never have high expectations with a large group... but Vincenzo and his team delivered BIG TIME!!! Can't wait to go back for a more intimate meal with friends.
2	Second time around, not so much. The service was really poor. I used to be a waitress so I have a lot of patience esp when it's busy. It wasn't busy and we sat there with no menus or water for 11 min.Our food was good however, our waiter brought our food and we never saw him again. No iced tea or water refills, no more wine. The waiter went to all the other tables except ours. Never again. I will pay more for better service.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants. Vincenzo goes out of his way to make us feel like a VIP every time we come in. Everyone is always so friendly and professional.The other night I tried the braised beef short ribs. They were absolutely amazing. I've been dreaming about them every since. Boneless and completely melt in your mouth deliciousness.  Served with blue cheese mashed potatoes. $31My roommate had the lemon chicken and of course I had to try a bite Very moist and tender, really good. $29 he also often orders the risotto $28-$30.The huge standout was the Caprese Martini, yes I said that right. CAPRESE MARTINI. Holy goodness it was good. It's only a seasonal drink, but I'm hoping that it sticks around for a little while. It's a little steep at $11 but oh so worth it.In the past I've had the Blackend Chicken  Rigatoni $28 and a super yummy Shrimp and Scallop Ravioli $27. Everything is always amazing. They also have an excellent Happy Hour from 4pm to 7pmDrinks are half price in the bar!!! There's also a special HH Food menu. This is a great place for date night or taking a group of friends for a nice dinner. A huge wall of windows, shows off  a nice view of the LV skyline There's also pretty large private dining room and a nice chef's table. I can't say enough about how much I love this place!!
5	Five star service from the time I sat down til I left. We had an INCREDIBLE dinner tonight. We ordered from their Plant Based Menu( Vegan menu). plenty of great options to choose from will be back soon!!
2	What happens when you dine at a fairly nice restaurant when you're underdressed? In the case of Panevino you get poor service and a forgettable dining experience. A spontaneous dinner plan for my wife, kid and myself resulted in us coming here after our first few options were busy. I'll admit I looked like crap with old jeans with holes and a raggedy flannel shirt. That slightly homeless look lead to our server directing us to the back page of the wine list with all the cheap stuff with "the items we would be comfortable with." I know I looked bad but I thought I looked better than the guy at the bar wearing a track suit.The meal started out ok with two small crab cakes, breaded on the outside and topped with two delicious sauces. Dinner took a sharp turn south with the hummus rolls. It sounded interesting and even looked good. Unfortunately, it had an odd smokey flavor and an aftertaste that had me reaching for my wine and bread to cleanse my palate. My wife had the filet. Laying on a bed of mashed potatoes and smothered in a thick mushroom sauce, it wasn't the best grade of beef. For my entree I went with the short rib risotto. The deep and savory flavor of the chunks of beef were satisfying, but the grains of rice had a soft, mushy overcooked texture. Desserts were slightly better. They get points for sending out a complimentary strawberry shortcake. Two layers of light, crispy puff pastry sandwiched a layer of strawberries. We also followed it up with a chocolate souffle that came out unusually quick. Baked to order? Probably not, but the rich, dense, chocolatey dessert with chocolate ice cream wasn't bad. Any dessert overloaded with chocolate will typically get a positive reaction from me.The place is romantic and intimate with a nice view of the airport and the Strip in the background. Unfortunately, the food wasn't on par with the atmosphere and the service made the experience even less enjoyable. If I ever return it will most likely be to eat at their cafe for lunch.
2	The service and ambiance deserved only one star.  They food was actually pretty good which is the only reason I didn't give it one star.  The people in my group ordered the ribeye and thoroughly enjoyed the ribeye and the gnocci.  There was a seafood linguine dish that was enjoyed as well.As for the ambiance, the lighting was absolutely horrible and then through the dinner the light flickered and then there was dimming of the lights.  You figured they'd have the lighting figured out by now.The service was the worst part of my visit.  When I pay this much for dinner, I expect the food to be good but I'm also expecting for some high quality service.  The place wasn't even half full so they can't even use the excuse that it was a busy night for the poor service.1. When we first sat down, we were given a wine list and it probably took almost 20 minutes before we were given a dinner menu.  And when we were given the dinner menu, we were told about the specials in 2 sentences and no explanation of the specials.2. I asked the waiter for if there were any bottles of syrah.  He looked absolutely clueless and pointed out the SHIRAZ rather than the SYRAH and said that's all that he knew they had.  After he left, I flipped a couple pages and found that there was a whole listing of SYRAH's.  3. The service overall was slow4.  We complained to the manager and he seemed to give an insincere apology and I didn't get the sense that he was even really listening to us.Needless to say, I won't be back.
4	Walked in calling 15 minutes before and got seated right away.  They went out of their way to try and move us to a booth, but could not manage.  Great effort though.  Great selection on wine and accommodated us splitting two meals.  Sat for a while after finishing drinks and no rush to leave.  Met the owner, very friendly and stopped by table several times throughout night.
5	I took my mom and sister to Panevino to celebrate our birthday week and the service we received from Gustavo was excellent. We also mentioned that we were celebrating our birthdays and he brought out 3 pieces of cake (1 for each of us) with beautiful designs and truly made our birthday dinner amazing. I will absolutely be going back for our next occasion!
5	I have always great experience here.  Friendly service and supre high quality dishes are amazing.  This is very romantic palce but they are always good for my daughter, she loves here because they remember about her evern we use only once or twice a year for special ocation.  I love this place.  The best italian restaurant.
5	I took my wife here for her birthday. The exterior of Panevino was beautiful and as we walked inside the restaurant the interior was even better. The photos of Panevino is far from false advertisement. What you see, is what you get. My experience with spendy restaurants, the Maitre D's always seem arrogant, but not at Panevino. As soon as we walked in, the Maitre D's acknowledged us with a smile and greeting. Plus, they greeted my wife with "Happy Birthday." They sat us at a U shaped booth with a nice view toward the Las Vegas strip. We also arrived perfect timing because the sun was setting and we had front row seats for that. Furthermore, our waiter, the waiter's assistant, and the server were also awesome. They all had an excellent balance of humor and professionalism. Now the best part, the food. For appetizers, we ordered crispy calamari and shrimp; and crispy Maryland-style crab cakes drizzled with honey mustard dressing. The crab cakes were phenomenal, the crab melts in your mouth. The calamari and shrimp were also delicious. For our main course, my wife had an Alfredo linguini with shrimp and the shrimp had that grilled taste to it, yum! I had the homemade spinach cannelloni filled with ricotta cheese and spinach in a fresh tomato and bechamel sauce. My wife and I normally share our dishes, but the dish I ordered was so appetizing that I did not want to share it (but I did anyway). For dessert, we were full and were going to pass even though their Tiramisu sounded delicious. However, something even better and memorable occurred. Our waiter surprised my wife with a complimentary decorative dessert plate with two cannoli's, chocolate cursive writing "Happy Birthday" with a chocolate balloon, and a lit candle. Thank you Panevino, you guys are awesome!
5	In a city full of tourists I often seek out places that cater to locals and have good ratings. I and my wife and two teenage daughters went while on an overnight Las Vegas stay and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. The host took personal interest in his guests and in us. The wait staff was attentive and got everything right.The selection of vegetarian and vegan items, while interesting only to half of our party, was refreshing and, according to my vegetarians, the gnocchi and the spaghetti was great. I had the delicious seared peppered ahi tuna steak with spinach and (I think) lobster mashed potatoes. Fantastic. And the Caesar salad was delicate and excellent as an entre for our other teen. We would likely go again if we visit Las Vegas. The ambiance was terrific and everyone left happy.
4	We were there about a two weeks ago.  We had a good time while there.  We were actually able to see Earth Hour happen on strip while all the lights turn off.  I had the chicken and asparagus risotto.  I thought it was pretty good myself.  My girlfriend ordered the special that night which was I think a striped bass or something like that.  She said she has had better but it was still good.  They knew it was our anniversary and brought us a dessert plate that had happy anniversary written on it with a piece of cheesecake.  Very nice touch to finish the evening.
4	Great classic Italian menu.  It even had fare for the Vegetarian AND Vegan folks...although I don't think they're allowed to eat in public places.Appetizers were awesome.  Calamari and Shrimp...fried to Golden Perfection.  Carpaccio just the way I like it, no capers.  Probably the moistest crab cakes I have ever put in my pie hole.  Also, my favorite salad in the whole wide world; Pears, Candied Walnuts and Gorgonzola Cheese mixed with Rocket (Baby Arugula) and dressed with a simple vinaigrette.Entrees were superb!  Perfectly grilled Rib Eye served with little velvety clouds of gnocchi.  I honestly don't know how they grilled the steak so perfectly...my dining companion wanted it medium rare...and it was, but with the most savory and charcoal laden grill marks.  Four Cheese Ravioli was wonderful served dressed with a tomato cream sauce flecked with house-made italian sausage.  The Short Ribs were excellently prepared however, the Blue Cheese Mashed Potatoes were a bit over-powering in contract to the delicate succulence of the Short Ribs.The service started out very attentive then waned as the meal was winding down.  The real shock was how the waiter plopped our PLASTIC doggie bag on the table as if to say..."here's your leftovers, now pay the bill so I can go home."  Odd thing was, every other diner who had leftovers were given a branded Paper Bag and it was set either on a chair or beside one of the diners.  You'd think after shelling out $120/person not including tip our waiter would have been less cavalier in his wont for us to clear his table.Normally, this would have resulted in a less than desirable tip however, since I plan to return here as it is only a few blocks from my house, I over-tipped.  Hoping the waiter would remember me the next time...as they say, revenge is best served cold.
2	I have been dining here for years with exceptional service and food. As the hostess directed us to our table I asked for Assistant General Manager - Mark Lopez and that I wanted to thank him for his emails and introduce myself to him.  The food was excellent as always.  Service was below par...hence the 2 stars.  As we were attempting to get our check from our server we asked if Mark was going to make it out to our table.  He said yes and he was in the office.  After more than 1 hour for dinner and another 15-20 to get our bill paid...NO Mark...EVER.  We left disappointed to thinking of other restaurants to go to next time we're in the mood for Italian.  Too bad...use to LOVE this place.
2	I came here for my Brother Sean's  graduation dinner. It was nice, we had a private room to ourselves. It was a party of about 35 people and the service was GREAT. Our sever was on point. Came with cocktails & my wine glass was always filed :)*Food*The calamari was good but too oily. Our bread was too hard. I ordered the Seafood Linguini and it had NO taste what so ever. I felt like I was eating a TV dinner. For what the price we paid... Food could haven't been way better.
5	Had a large group and Panevinos totally took care of us in a timely way! I orderes appetizers before hand and they were ready to go when we got there. And best of all, they have an amazing plant-based menu! So glad Panevinos exists!
4	Get off the strip - the food is excellent (italian) and the view of the strip (you need to get the right table) is amazing. It's a little pricy for being off the strip but overall with the quality of the food and great service still well worth the visit.
4	LAS VEGAS: Had lunch here with a business associate and it was really good.  The ambience is stellar and its a great place for all the locals to go who want a terrific lunch off the strip.  FOODCrab Cakes (5 stars): These were totally delicious.  Big crab cakes with two delicious and unexpected sauces.  One was honey mustard.  They rocked.Mediterranean Salad (3 stars):  it was pretty good; not really good but pretty good.  I might try something else next time but wouldn't mind ordering it again either.Swordfish Steak (4 stars):  This was quite good, atop tasty mashed potatoes.  Not five stars but it was a good entree.
5	This place has one of of the most romantic views of the strip, but you have to get there at dusk and just as the sun sets the lights begin to shine and by the end of your meal when it's time to relax and snuggle eat one of there many fine deserts as you sip expresso the night becomes darker and the view comes to life showing the strip in all it's beautiful colour, just enjoy. And as for the staff if you ever wander what royalty feels like- well Gustavo was my waitor and I couldn't tell if he was a wait person or butler this man and his staff was there hand and foot takin care of all our needs, now for the food, wow I'm at a loss for words really um-I'm by no means a food critic nor do I have an extensive palate but-elegant? Maybe the word, much more than amazing, definatly mouth watering let me just end this by sayin I'm a simple guy from Georgia, who in the big city, likes treating his wife/mommy to be, as well as I can, she deserves it for putting up with me. So do yourself a favor take your significant other here for a romantic evening and relax , enjoy the view-god bless.
1	I had been looking forward to eating here for almost a year. I'm a vegetarian and the vegetarian menu enticed me. Let me tell you I was let down from the service to the food. The dishes were bland and uneventful. Every one seemed to have the same plain red sauce on various dishes. The sauce tasted as if it came out of a jar. The service was slow, our waiter forgot cocktails and did not explain specials to us. He did not offer cracked pepper for our salads and I had to ask the busser for it. I would expect this caliber of service at IHOP or Fridays, not a fine dining restaurant. I had family in town and they were disappointed as well. In fact nobody at our table enjoyed dinner. We brought this up to the manager who did offer us free food which we declined because by now we were ready to leave. They did not take anything off of our bill. We had a plethora of food left over at the end that we were going to take home to the dogs but decided just to throw in the garbage. More than anything I was disappointed because I was looking forward to eating here for so long.
4	Great Lunch Cafe.  Came here one Friday afternoon with the work crew and I got the French Dip.  Very Delicious.  Everyone got something different and they all looked good.  Roughly about $10 and big portions.  Definitely add this to the work day "wheel of lunch locations".
3	I've always wanted to go to this place since I moved here, I remember people always saying it has the best view. So I was excited to try it during their Happy Hour with a group of girls. Their Happy Hour is 50% off drinks and food on their bar menu. Not too bad of a price but I have to be honest, there are way better happy hours in this town. The atmosphere is nice and the waitress was good. From the lounge where we were sitting the view is basically just the airport, I imagine that the dining room has a better view. I got the Blow Your Berries cocktail (rye, berries, mint and bitters) and it was good but it had too much bitters and it made it taste too strong. I also got the Eggplant & Artichoke Bruschettone, it was good but for $7 (HH price) it is a little pricy. Two pieces of grilled french bread with eggplant, artichoke, tomatoes and basil. Mmmm that's a bit much for veggies. $6 for the cocktail that's ok, I'd come back but I'm also not in a hurry to do so.
3	I won a $150 card and decided to check it out. The food was fine. Had crab cakes as an app, a pear and Gorgonzola salad, and seafood ravioli in lobster bisque. Let's just say I'm not a fan of fancy restaurants. Even though the meal was essentially free I still felt iffy about paying more than $70 for my meal, and that's without making use of the full bar. It's dimly lit and there's soft music playing in the background. If you like fancy Italian joints and don't mind paying for the quiet atmosphere, then it's a fine restaurant. Just not for me.
5	My girlfriend and I had our 3 year anniversary here. The service was very good, a little slow and relaxed but that's better than hurried and impersonal. I had the Apple seasonal cocktail and it was very good, tasted like a strong apple juice, definitely got my tipsy on an empty stomach.My girlfriend and I both had a glass of the house wine which was good, we aren't big wine drinkers but we enjoyed them with dinner. We first ordered the artisan bread which was a cool, a balloon-like tortilla with Olive oil and balsamic vinegar, not your traditional bread and butter but we liked it.I got the seafood linguini which was a good, sweet and creamy sauce. All the shell fish was perfectly cooked. My girlfriend got the blackened shrimp fettuccini Alfredo. It was lightly dressed and very tasty. Last we got the assorted sorbet plate, which allowed us to choose 3 ice creams. All delicious. The manager even surprised us and comped us desert, which wasn't at all necessary but greatly appreciated.Loved this place, good service, great food, amazing view of the strip at sunset. Definitely go here!
5	Great find.  Upscale, lounge type atmosphere.  Really great food.  And something you never see anymore....GREAT service.  The maitre de, Vincenzo?, really makes you feel like you are royalty.  Also, the place does not rush you.  Super attentive and quality servers.  Recommended for business or pleasure.
4	This is the kind of place to add to your "favorites list", visit, and ask your yourself, "Why don't I come here more often?"Why indeed. The view is beautiful and if you have lunch here, you will get to look out on the east potion of the Valley through huge floor to ceiling windows. FOOD: the food is very tasty here. They focus on Italian food and take the time to ensure the pasta, sauces, side dishes are cooked properly and seasoned well. They care about quality at Panevino. There are times I find the dishes to heavy (you know I'm talking to you short rib risotto), but it's better than solid. It's very good. The lunch menu caters to nearby businessmen but they are willing to make you something off of the dinner menu if you ask. VEGETARIANS MOUNT UP: Do those on a plant-based diet know about this place? Because they have one of the most interesting, delicious, and extensive vegetarian (and some vegan) menus I have seen at an upscale restaurant in this city. Why isn't this place crawling with veggie-focused foodies looking for options on the east side of town? SERVICE: I have to say, as a service-focused reviewer (yes, I just gave myself that pompous title), I have had some of the best service while eating at Panevino. I struggled with giving them five stars based on the service alone. And during the last visit, our server Choy, provided such personable, kind, attentive, and knowledgable service that I want to go back when she's working next time. We told Choy that we wanted to look at their banquet halls and she took us to the hall and showed us around. We got to meet some of the special events staff and I appreciated the professional and expert information and service they provided.  If you've been in this town for over a month, you have experienced what passes for service in this town.  I love what Panevino is doing and that they seem to care about the customers who frequent the place. That quality sets them apart from so many places in Vegas. There is no gimmick here. Just good food and great service with a gorgeous view.
5	Nice place with really good food.I had the daily fish special which was Alaskan Halibut that was delicious.My friend ordered the rib eye which looked amazing.Location seems a bit strange but convenient to drive to.Will definitely go back.
3	Unfortunately, Panevino was not a very memorable restaurant experience.  The ambiance is great, the waitstaff was fine, and the food was OK.  I felt as though Panevino serves regular Italian food, but made to look fancy.   Being Italian, I was on a kick for a while to always be unsatisfied when I ate Italian food at a restaurant.  It just did not compare to my Grandmother's cooking.  However, as I have recently eaten at some great Italian restaurants (Scarpetta, Angelini Tratoria, Fabbio's retaurant, etc), my opinion has changed.  These restaurants are able to serve Italian food that is NOT what Grandma makes.  They serve fancy and innovative dishes that are something special.I ate with Mr. Riches at Panevino, and he felt the same.  Panevino didn't have anything that blew me away.  The meatballs for appetizer were good, but nothing special.  The Burratta was good, but I've had much better.  And my Risotto was pretty salty.  I'm glad that I gave it a try, but I don't think I will be putting it on the repeat list.
5	Great vegan menu. Impressive appetizer and small plates menu. Great wine selection and atmosphere. A nice area for parties, which seems to be used frequently.
5	This is fine dining at its finest. The food is amazing and the service is impeccable. This was my first time here and I was impressed. I met a friend for dinner and was little early so got a Moscow Mule at the bar. It was made perfectly. We were seated quickly and ordered Calamari as an appetizer. The calamari was crispy and seasoned perfectly. I also loved how it comes with shrimp.I ordered the short rib risotto and it was amazing. It came with a tomato based sauce with thick chunks of short rib that was so tender it just melts in your mouth. This dish was just perfect. My friend ordered the sea bass special and that too was so delicious. The fish was perfectly cooked and flaked nicely with a buttery smooth taste. One of the best sea bass dishes I've ever tasted. We ordered the Tiramasu for dessert with port wine even though we were stuffed! It too was delicious and went perfectly with the wine.Our server was amazing. He never rushed us and was always attentive but not obtrusive. We took a bit of time on the calamari but he made sure not to bring out entrees until we were done and it had been removed from the table, and yet our entrees were still perfectly cooked and hot. Can't wait to go back and eat more delicious food!
5	My brother's 30th birthday was last week and I wanted to buy him dinner but I no longer live in Las Vegas. He has been wanting to try out Panevino since they opened, so I called to see if I could pay for his dinner ahead of time. Both the assistant manager, Mark and manager, Vincenzo emailed me quickly to help me set up the reservation for him. They reserved a window table over looking the strip, were super accommodating in sending him desserts I pre-ordered and personalized a message on the dessert. [Sadly], I have not tasted the food but my brother said everything was awesome. He had the scallops appetizer and ravioli entree and said the scallops were the best he's ever had. Mark followed up afterwards with a receipt to me before the night was over. 5 stars for service alone. I can't wait to visit Vegas and try the food.
5	This is one of my favorite places in Las Vegas. Not only is the food amazing but the service is great and the views are even more amazing. This place is very, very pricey. Expect to spend about $100 per person if you have a drink. It is the perfect place for business meetings or a romantic dinner with your sweetheart. I recommend that no matter what day of the week you go, make reservations. It is always busy. Although the restaurant is very open the noise level is not bad. They also have an extensive wine selection to choose from.
5	With one of the best views of incoming planes in Las Vegas they could have slacked off on the food and drink. But they didn't. The fish is fresh and prepared quite brilliantly. You can;t go wrong with anything on the menu. The staff is always very helpful as well. So stop in for dinner or lunch even, and dig the planes flying in to the most exciting city on the planet. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	I went here for Valentine's Day and it was a perfect pick. The vegan section of the menu was very impressive, the service was perfect, and the atmosphere was very romantic.
5	The food and service are some of the best in Vegas- beats the Steve Wynn steakhouse hands down!!!Mark, the Assistant General Manager and Mixologist puts any drink I've ever had to shame- and I've had very good hand crafted drinks. He gives an unbelievable attention to making high quality/craftsmanship drinks!!! Each season he creates a unique drink menu with a theme. Not one drink has High Fructose Syrup, artifical anything... you WILL thank me! It's a less rushed vibe than many spots on the strip with better/equal service at friendlier prices. And a phenomenal view of the strip.For food, let me say that Carnivore's, Pescetarian's, Vegitarian's and Vegan's will delight! I'm partial to the Plant based menu options (thank you Vincenzo!!!). and many of my meat eating friends have enjoyed these dishes as well! I've been told they serve 'one of the best steaks I've ever had', the seafood platter is abundant and fresh, desserts are amazing! I've sent 20-30 people to eat at Panevino since discovering it several years back and I've only had people RAVE about it after dining- not one person has given a negative report!!They also have a deli open during lunch which is worth a trip en route to the airport or casual lunch if you live in Vegas. You owe yourself the treat of dining there :-)Please thumb up/comment if you liked this review and I would count it a privilege if you chose to follow me as I review places I travel and visit. Thank you for taking the time to read! ~mp
3	I am going to give this place another try and will revise my stars. I wasn't a huge fan of their filet mignon but everything else was amazing especially the view...
1	Booked Xmas eve dinner reservations online! They called to cancel them 2 hours and 15 minutes before the dinner! All they had to say was "sorry" ! Worst customer service ever! Do not give them the courtesy of even a taste! We as consumers need to demand better treatment!
1	We went to a Christmas Eve Dinner with the family and I was let down hard! The Cioppino that I ordered for $50 was far from average. I've had a great cioppino and was not even worthy being called cioppino. The broth was like it was out of a can and the seafood was fishy (not fresh), more like frozen crap. Let's just say the entire dinner was a 1 star rating. The bill was over $500 and for what? I expected so much better. A big let down!!!
3	This was our second time at Panevino and while the food was once again excellent the service was extremely poor and at times even rude. I placed this reservation weeks ago so I was a bit disappointed to be seated at what felt like a make-shift table in the entrance/traffic flow area of the restaurant. Our main server never introduced herself/welcomed us to the restaurant and handed us the menus in a rush. When I placed my order she said in a quite rude tone: "You do understand that the gnocchi are not really gnocchi right?" The rest of the evening continued in the same rushed and rude spirit. After a wonderful experience the first time we were quite disappointed.
4	Panevino Restaurant is great dining experience.  Decor is unique, staff is friendly, and the food is spectacular.  I was surprised that the menu had vegan options.  I ordered the vegan Caesar & the Grilled Vegetable Lasagna - Both were fantastic.  We also had the Cioppino and a Tiramisu and a bottle of Montepulciano and everything was great.  With a great view of the strip this is a good place to be on your next trip to Las Vegas.
