3	*Update/Edit:  Frustrated that they are closed during the daytime.  It's a catch-22 because our group would like to go here but they're not open, so we go support other places.  But then most of the time now we're set on going to our other places, so we don't make the special effort to go to Fate at all when they happen to be open.  Decisions to close like this probably impact a lot of customers because the way you find out is usually by the frustrating experience of showing up for a pint thirsty, hungry, etc. and seeing the sign.  On top of that, some of us sort of forgave them but then honestly forgot about the restricted hours and so we showed up at lunch and got the closed sign again.  We can't be alone in having this happen.*Flavorful ales can be found here in Scottsdale on Shea, just a bit east of Scottsdale road on the south side of the road.  Cream Ale, Pale Ale, Smoked Porter, Brown Ale - I tried them all and appreciated the pronounced hop influence, especially in the pale ale.Stunning bar and brewery atmosphere with a modern, high-end feel to it all.  Indoor and outdoor patio seating available.  They might be a victim of their own success though because I can see it filling up quite fast during prime hours.Wood fired pizzas made in your sight at the back and mine was very good.  Perfect size for a really hungry person or two people to share if they're going to have salads first.  Salads looked tasty but didn't try.  Staff was incredibly polite and professional, which is something sorely missing in the service industry these days.  They were quick to answer questions about the beers and offered some helpful literature on their house brews.  Guest taps are available if your tastes lean somewhere else.  Mongo IPA, Scrimshaw Pils, Bruery Mischief, among others were noted.  Limited parking in the front facing Shea, but more parking is available in the back.  Looks like dinner hours only (for now).
4	Fate Brewing Company caught my eye as I was driving down Shea, so I decided to stop in last night. It turns out it was their soft opening and everything seemed to run very smoothly. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The decor is modern - a bit of the industrial look with a lot of concrete and wood, but it managed to feel warm, not sterile. They have a wood fired oven and offer a variety of pizzas. I tried the margherita and it was perfect to share as an appetizer/light meal. It was a thin crust and the ingredients were very fresh. They have a wine list with regional wines and brew about 5 of their own beers. Most of their beers were described as hoppy, which I'm not a huge fan of, but the cream ale I got was pretty good (a little bitter for me, but I think beer connoisseurs would appreciate it). They also feature other regional brews. Overall, I think this will be a great little classy hangout spot!
5	Great soft opening! Service was excellent. Thank you Terry. Beer and pizza also great. Looking forward to  all the beers.  Met Steve the owner and I'm super excited about all the possibilities!
5	A brand new place we discovered.  The decor seemed industrial chic, yet warm and comfortable.  We ordered a few different pizzas and shared.  I couldn't pick a favorite they were all so good!But the very best part was the beer.  I tried a few samples before choosing their pale ale with dinner and their brown for desert, some of the best local beer I've ever had!
5	We stopped in after a movie to check out the "soft" opening.  They have it together with friendly and attentive staff.  Pizza was excellent--great flavor and fast delivery out of their great looking wood burning oven.  Their local brews taste great--the cream ale is spot on--also nice guest brews on tap--leg humper hefe is next best thing to a Franziskaner.  Lots of parking in the back--expect this place to do very well.  Simple menu, good value and cold beer!  Check it out--
5	Awesome atmosphere, great food, great beer. DEFINITELY suggest trying it out. we're from out of town, drove by and decided to spend Friday night here. Highly Recommend locals to stop by.
4	We stopped by Fate Brewing for a pre-Thanksgiving dinner and weren't surprised to find it quite busy.  We put our names on the list to wait for a table.  While we waited, we enjoyed a beer on the patio.  Unfortunately, there was little space between the outdoor seating and the high top counter surrounding the patio.  We had enough room to stand and drink our beers but felt that we were intruding on other patrons dining experience.  I'd love to see a little reorganization on the patio to make the counter area more usable, perhaps even some bar stools.  We were seated, brought menus and a cute little jug of water for the table.  We looked over the menu and decided on the house salad, Rustica pizza and a Capicola pizza.  We also enjoyed a flight of the four Fate brews available.  All in all the food was great.  The salad was fresh, the pizzas were unique, delicious and cooked to perfection.  We thoroughly enjoyed the beers.  I loved the Pale Ale and my husband would have sipped on Smoked Porter all night long.Next to the host stand, there is a cooler housing some of the best cake pops I have ever eaten.  They were more like cookie dough pops than cake pops, if you ask me, but they were amazing!  Snickerdoodle was killer!There were a few issues with the attentiveness of the servers when it was busy, and our servers menu knowledge was iffy.  Serious five star potential, for the next visit, but until they work out a few minor kinks, I'm sticking with a solid four star rating.
5	After seeing the Fate Brewing opening announcement on yelp I went to try it out.We visited during the soft opening.  The ambiance is warm and casual with a very open and airy feel.The beer is quite good. The Pale Ale will be familiar and likable for those who enjoy Stone Brewing products.The cream ale is for those that like the American mass produced lagers (your Bud and miller lite drinking friends).The double IPA needs to be given a chance to warm up before enjoying it.  It was good but I think overshadowed by how good the Pale Ale, an India Pale Ale in all but name.I had the capicola pizza which was quite good and arrived at the table quickly.I give this four stars for the beer and food and a bonus star for the friendly and efficient staff.
5	Loved the ambiance, great comfortable feeling. The beer was top notch and the pizzas & salad fresh and flavorful. The staff was super friendly. Loved the merchandise, got a t-shirt and a growler. Looks like this place is going to be a regular place for me.
5	I've been working some straight to the point reviews lately so I'm going to keep up with my current trend. Heres the 1,2,3.The beer is on point! The Imperial IPA was the super star tonight. Just an amazing beer. All of the beer offerings were well made. Good stuff all the way around.The pizza is MONEY!!! Wood fired, thin crust, fresh ingredients. This is what all other pizza wants to grow up to be! Possibly....the best pizza in Phoenix.Yeah, I effin said it! Loved it. We had a salad too. Great but completely overshadowed by the pizza.Nice build out, comfortable atmosphere and friendly service. This is a great place. Check it out!
4	First time to Fate and it won't be my last! We came in for lunch knowing nothing about this place other than they make beer and pizza. Both were very good!  I started with the double IPA being it has a 100 IBU and a specific gravity of 8.5! Nice start! I ordered the Sunnyside pizza and was not disappointed in any fashion. The crust was thin and crispy all the way to the center. If you like the pies at Pane Bianco or Pizzeria Bianco you'll like these just as well (although the dough is not as salty). Also try some of the chili oil. I always like a little extra oil on my pizza and this was just what I like, a little extra flavor and a bump in heat. The menu isn't large, which is good, because it allows them to concentrate on what they do best. Very good overall including the service.
3	Fairly small place with a small patio. Nice decor. Not many parking spaces because of the other businesses in their parking lot.  Service was very good however the beer was thin and watery and the food was rather small portions. Overall not a bad place but not a great place.
5	We decided to sit on the patio by the heater and enjoy our beautiful Arizona weather.  I am not a beer drinker but, after all the reviews I figured I should give a beer a try.  I told the waiter what I was after (not yeasty or bitter, not too strong and a little sweet) He was so patient and brought out a couple of samples.  I loved the hefeweizen and ordered a pint of that.  My boyfriend got their home made root beer which was AMAZING (brought back memories of childhood).  The waiter was knowledgeable and answered all our questions about the menu.  We decided on pizza and a salad.  The house salad was phenomenal.  Such fresh ingredients with a light dressing and the most wonderful mixture of crunchy and slightly spicy nuts.  I could make a meal out of it and, next time I might!  For our pizza, we got half pepperoni and half fennel sausage.  Both were excellent.  We each liked our own half a bit better so it worked out great.  You HAVE to save room for these little "cake pops.  They are lollipops that are like a cake/cookie batter with a hard coating on the outside.  They come in many flavors - snickerdoodle, mocha, peppermint red velvet, gingerbread, chocolate coconut.  We got snickerdoodle and mocha and they were both excellent.  The perfect amount for dessert when you are full but still want something sweet.  They have only been open a week and are still working out a few bumps (the server disappeared a couple of times when we were looking for him) but overall, this was a fabulous experience.  How wonderful to have an independently owned little place like this right in our back yard.  We will definitely be back.
4	Beer-wise, this is the best brew-pub I've been to in AZ, and I've been to A LOT of them.  The smoked porter was a unique idea, well-executed.  The pale ale had a great aroma and a hoppy character, but not a typical 'me-too' American ale.Service was very attentive and friendly, though we did get a bit stranded between our salad and pizza course....  The pizza was a very nice thin-crust (not as thin as, say, Lamp's), plenty of toppings, sauce was good.  The aforementioned salad (spinach) was very tasty with a nice dressing and plenty of stuff.  My only quibble would be that a slightly larger menu would be nice -- maybe throw in a couple more topping options and a couple apps.  Focused is good, but just a little more variety would be the spice.
5	Ok I say this every time, but I do not like to make a habit of giving a place 5 stars in my first try, but at Fate I can't help myself. Everything from the ambiance, food, happy hour, beer, and even cake pops were simply amazing!!,I'll start with my favorite, beer. We got here early during happy hour and thought that my wife and I would order 2 beers each. So I ordered the Smoked Porter and she had Imperial IPA. Trying these I would say the imperial IPA was really good. 8.5 100lbu. Very tasty! The smoked porter was great too. Not really my thing but with food it tasted good. A little on the over smoked flavor but I respect that. After we had the pale ale and Irish Red. The pale ale was 6.0 and it was more on par of average IPA.  The Irish Red was amazing! A strong but refreshing red. This was my wife's favorite beer. Mine has to be the imperial IPA. During HH we ordered the pizza bread very good. Basically cheese bread on their pizza dough. It came with a side of marinara. I would total order it again next time we are at HHWe then decided to order a pizza to share. We chose the rustic pizza which including artichoke hearts, fennel,sausage, gorgonzola cheese. I thought it was excellent pizza! Even better with a craft beer next to you. Anyways our experience at Fate was excellent. Id like to add that the service was excellent and liked the layout of the restaurant and the small brew tanks. This place is small but seems like a lot of room at the bar and a decent sized patio.  Oh one more thing, when we were walking out, my wife spotted the cake pop display. We had to turn around and ordered 2! 2 bucks each and well worth it!! We tried the sinker doodle and peppermint red velvet. The red velvet was the best! A little harder shell but once you ate more they were very moist. Do your self a favor and order at least one on your way out!!
4	The pizza was fantastic and most of the beers were pretty good.   The smoked porter was my favorite.   The menu is a bit thin and could be due to the place testing out the kitchen.  It would be nice to see more than one appetizer and pairing suggestions would be a nice addition.   A partnership with the BBQ joint next door could add a new dynamic, like braising the BBQ meats with the smoked porter.  The service staff was prompt and friendly, even with a good crowd in the house.  If you've been curious about this place, definitely check it out.
5	They hit the nail on the head at Fate: the craft beer, artisan pizza, and chill atmosphere definitely make it an enjoyable place to go eat and hang out. I recommend the capicola pizza with the pale ale. Get a flight of 5 your first time, of course.
4	I walked in about 6 PM on Friday and this place was packed.  I found a seat at the end of the bar near the TV and I was good to go.I started out with their Irish Red beer.  It tasted very good and I liked it a little better than the cream ale that I had later.I ordered the capicola pizza and it was very spicy and flavorful.  I'm not 100% sure I totally like the crust but overall I enjoyed my meal.It looks like Fate will be a success!
5	Great addition to the neighborhood! My husband and I ate here about a week ago.  The inside is a perfect mix of rustic and contemporary decor.  The staff was great,  the beers were awesome, the food fresh, and the cake pops amazing. We also chatted with the owner for a bit - he is very committed, knowledgeable and personable.  I hope Fate is around for a long time to come.
4	Overall a very good place!  Nice ambience, good food quality, friendly service.  The owners/managers I believed trained under Tom Hennessy of the Il Vicino and Colorado Boy brewery fame and the quality shows!  Their Pale is very, very tasty but don't construe this as that their other beers aren't also very good because they are.  We had pizzas and were impressed with interesting recipes and proper portioning of ingredients.  Our three kids aged 6-10 were along and made to feel welcome.  This is the neighborhood friendly place you are looking for when you've had enough of the overly plastic feel of Scottsdale!  Bravo and Cheers!
4	Beer was decent and pizza was pretty good. My only advice is to let the pizza sit for a minute as the topping tend to fall off when the pizza just comes out. I enjoyed the DIPA, which was good but didn't get a chance to try the brown.
4	Visited Fate Brewing Company with my wife and a friend this week.   The beer is excellent (my friend and I are experienced home brewers so very picky).  The pizza was excellent although a true vegan option would be a vast improvement (for my friend) and maybe some more boring traditional pizza toppings too (for boring old me).   Our server did an excellent job although she was in our opinion assigned to many tables thus service was a little slow for us beer thirsty people.   Overall, can't wait to get back.   This place has a bright future.
4	Off to a good start...hoping they stay open since others in the area keep shutting down (adios Nimbus).  Beer selection was good - especially enjoyed the Irish Red - and the ambiance was appealing.  Pizza was fair, as my search for acceptable pizza in the valley continues.  Wish there were other options besides pizza.  Overall a good experience - rooting for this place.
2	With all the pizza places on this particular corner, I would have expected a new place coming in to be over the top.  The margarita pizza was just sad.  Barely any cheese, made with sauce instead of fresh tomatoes, just an all around bust.  They don't have much on the menu - especially for someone gluten free.  The wait staff was awesome.
4	We have been twice: first time on opening night couldn't be too judgmental. This time a few weeks later we were back. Beer good though not exactly to my taste. Pizza was great. Service wasn't very good. The place was not busy and I had the rare experience of leaving the table to find an inattentive server to refill drinks. She was very nice. We will go back once more. Food was great and food good. Of course without good service they don't mean much.
5	Fate Brewing Company is new to the Valley, and I was excited to try their beers. I headed in and ordered a flight. The place is small, but the beer is great! Their smoked porter is one of the best beers I have had in months. Their IPA is pretty great, too. I had the chance to try some of their beers at a beer festival and they were a highlight of our time at said festival. They also have wood-fired pizza here. I have had a few different pizzas, and their pizza bread is amazing. Oh, and the dipping sauce. I have no idea what it is, but it is AMAZING! I pretty much want to take a bath in it. So good. Fate is in a great location, too. Really excited that a new brewery has opened and they are producing good beer. And how could I forget... CAKE POPS! Yes, they serve cake pops. This place just keeps getting better. If you like good pizza and great beer, check out Fate Brewing Company. You won't be disappointed. When you are there, ask if the owner is there. He's a great guy and likes talking to fellow craft beer enthusiasts. Bottoms up, people!
5	My family loved Fate Brewing Company!We went to Fate for dinner expecting good beer. We got that plus a whole lot more.As an appetizer we started with the pizza bread. It was a great start to our meal with some red sause and spicy oil to dip it in. Good for both kiids and parents.My daughters are picky eaters but loved their in house brewed root beer and the pizza (pepperoni and  a rosemary roasted potato). They finished it off with a cake pop. Perfect.As far as mom and dad - we enjoyed a sampler of five beers. My wife loved the cream ale and the pale ale. I thought the red and double IPA were great as well.  The smoke porter was a pleasant surprise to me. I am not a dark beer drinker but loved the taste of this beer. I can totally see drinking this along side of something lighter next time I go.As far as food - I had the Molto Carne (pepperoni and sausage).  It had a little spice which I really liked. My wife had a salad with chicken on it. She said the meat had flavor and said she'd eat it again.The staff was attentive and friendly.  They were knowledgable about the menu and the beer selection. I wasn't at the bar, but the bartenders seemed to have good rapport with their customers.Bottom line - me and my family will be back to Fate.  If you like good beer, good food, and friendly people - you won't be disappointed.
5	This place is awesome.  It's at a great location and easy to get to.  From the moment we walk in, we are greeted with a smile and a great attitude.  We've been here twice and each time has been great.  They serve thin crust pizza.  Try the Capicola.  They also brew their own beer plus they offer guest taps, which they change up ever so often.  Everyone is friendly and we love this place.
5	I had my first visit to Fate Brewing Company yesterday and was really pleased with the experience. First, the atmosphere is bright, clean, and inviting.  It is relatively small, but I like the intimate feel. The beers were very good and the happy hour prices are fantastic. I also had one of their wood-fired pizzas and thought it was excellent...maybe not Grimaldi's level, but very good.  Last but not least, the wait staff was very attentive and accomodating and you got the sense that they enjoy working at Fate. It had a close knit feel that I really liked.
4	Great salad, great pizza, excellent brews, and good service. We'll be back.
4	Good beer and wood fired pizza, seems like a winning concept. I love micro brews, and this place has a great in house selection. In addtion they have a wine list and brick wood fired pizzas. The pizza was good, but the dough was a bit bland maybe a bit more water and salt could help this dough be lighter and have a bit more flavor.My smoked porter was great, nice body, finish and a decent gravity too. The walls and floors are all hard surfaces so it can get a bit loud in here.
5	Our second visit and everything was wonderful - great beer, food and friendly, attentive service.   Plan on many more visits and will highly recommend this establishment to our friends.
4	I stopped in to fill growlers over the weekend.I noted in addition to the splendid Pale Ale they now had an ESB.I tried the ESB and found it very good and slightly less malty than other versions I have had.  All in all a splendid brew.
5	This is exactly what the Scottsdale & Shea area needed!! (remember when that intersection had lots of boozing options?) Get a beer sampler-- you MUST try them all!  De-lishI appreciate that a brewery finally put some thought into offering wine too!  I love that idea since several of my lady-friends don't drink beer.  (getting the boys to a brewery is never a challenge) The wood fired pizza is pretty awesome too!
1	Atmo?  Comfy; neighborhood-y.Beer?  Tasty.  I had the stout.  Pizza?  Horrible, horrible, horrible.  A waste of a good wood for the joint's  wood-fired oven. The crust had absolutely no flavor.  Devoid of salt.  No carbon burn from the oven. Flatter than the desert's floor.  No bubbles in the crust.  My pizza came with a sunnyside egg.  The egg was sunnyside decimated and the white was runny.  And with this review I do solemnly swear that I will never finish a restaurant meal if it is not good.  If the first bite is terrible, back it goes to the kitchen.
5	Yum yum yum! Beer is amazing- not one I couldn't drink a couple pints of. Comfortable, welcoming atmosphere. Would like to see a couple more things for food- not interested in having pizza bread as an appetizer if the only entree choice is pizza. Overall, would come back again in hopes that the menu will diversify.
4	I came here and had a few beers. Fantastic! My favorite was the belgian saison. Glad to have a place like this down the street from me. But I wished the menu offered more, because I have some allergies, I can't actually try any of the food here. If there were a few more options, this might just become our main stay.
4	Glad to see a small brewery open up in Scottsdale.  Food is great, beers are good if you like hoppy, the brewer seems to have a very heavy hop hand.  A couple taps dedicated to other local brews.  Very friendly staff.  Really glad to see this place open.
4	The beer is pretty darn good. I tried the double IPA and the ESP. Both were very smooth and flavorful. The ambience is great, and the bartender was really friendly. Only problem was the pizza was not great - a little too greasy.
4	Fate Brewery is a great addition to Arizona's local breweries. The combination of yummy fresh food plus beer is awesome, and when you can add cake pops to the mix, well it's hard to put all that happiness in words. The brewery restaurant itself is nice - lots of light, outdoor seating with a garage-type door that opens out onto a patio, view of the brewing cask/tanks, and warm soothing colors. We had:- Garlic Pizza: Damn good! Flavorful garlic olive oil sauce, lots of cheese, and fresh basic and tomatoes. The crust is really good.- House Salad: Always impressive when a place that serves beer can also make a good salad. Lots of cheese and other toppings, and everything was fresh.- The Beer: Pretty good. I was a little disappointed in the Cream Ale because I was expecting a luscious creamy beer, but it wasn't. In fact I thought the Hefe was way more creamy. Overall, Fate Brewery is a great place to go with friends or a date or coworkers. The people working there all seemed really nice, and we had a good time there.
4	Stopped in for a glass of wine & a pizza. Nice place, staff super friendly, an extremely busy place! But you were well taken care of! Would absolutely go back again & the Pizza was phenomenal!
5	Great vibe, fun, open, nice bar, friendly staff.  Kind of like a cool, easy going neighborhood hangout.  Beer was fantastic, had the stout and irish red.  Didn't try the pizza, but will be back very soon to give that a try.  We need more of these locally owned (non corporate nationals) in the area.Went back this weekend and had the pizza.  Two problems, 1-this place could seriously impact my waistline, as the pizza was great!!! 2- this place is becoming too popular, my favorite beer (Irish Red) was out, and wouldn't be back in the taps for another 10 days.  I think they are going to need bigger tanks, for more beer!!!
5	I'm a craft beer lover and I have a new favorite brewery.We've been going here about once a week since they've opened.Their beer is incredible!  I particularly like the slowly rotating lineup of Fate beers.  Some of my favorites so far... the Brown, Imperial IPA, Cream Ale, Irish Red, Oatmeal Stout, Belgian Saison and Pale Ale.But man can't live on beer alone.  I think that we've tried all of their pizzas, every one delicious.  My favorites here are the... Rustica, Molto Carne, Capicola, Mediterranean and Fennel Sausage.The staff, friendly and helpful - the atmosphere casual and comfortable.  And for desert, awesome little cake pops.
5	I love this place.  It has all of the necessities of life and nothing else.  Each of their beers are excellent examples of their type, the pizza and salad are great.It's small, simple and perfect.  Home run!
4	My partner and I stumbled upon Fate yesterday and loved it! We had the Mediterranean pizza, and it is by far the best pizza we have found in the area. The pizzas are 12" and run around $11 - definitely an affordable lunch! Their hot pepper oil is incredible, too. It's a perfect balance or herbs and spiciness. I had the oatmeal stout and he had the IPA, and we were both pleased. There were quite a few beers on the list that they didn't have on tap, which was disappointing, but it gives us more incentive to go back! The place itself was incredibly clean and sleek, providing a really nice atmosphere that you don't find at most Phoenix area brewpubs. I definitely recommend Fate!
4	Atmosphere was good, beer was good although I wish they had some good lagers on the menu.  Rustica pizza was really good.  Will definitely be back.
5	Last review wasn't very positive. Things are much better from my perspective.  Pizza was always good but this was better.  The beer was GREAT. I particularly liked the oatmeal stout. Service was much better than my previous visit. Please disregard my December review. This is a great place for beer and pizza with good service.
5	The pizza was fantastic.  We tried the margherita and the pepperoni, both of which we loved!  Between us, we tried all their current beers on tap.  My Mom loved the Irish Red, Dad loved the Belgo, and I had a Fate Imperial IPA and a Black IPA, both of which were fantastic.  Especially dug the Black IPA, love to see those!  Our server Steven was so nice and helpful and the manager, Ben, was wonderful as well.  This is a great place to drop in and have a beer, love that you can see the brewing equipment as well as the kitchen, it really adds to the awesome atmosphere!
2	Being a big fan of breweries i was not impressed with this place. They only had 3 of there beers on tap which I really didn't care for besides the Double IPA. The food smelled and looked awesome which I will have to go back and try but as far as beer goes there are better breweries around town.
3	Disappointing...a long list of beers that they brew and only 3 were checked as available - what???Nice patio, friendly service and the wood fired pizzas looked good too, but I couldn't get past the limited types of beer offered.
5	Well, my husband and I were on the hunt for a new brewery to check out.  He works across the street and had been mentioning we should try it.  We finally got a day off together this past Saturday and decided this was the day.  LOVE the atmosphere first off.  The wait staff we friendly and very attentive. I believe our waiter's name was AJ and he was very helpful and friendly.  We started out with a Lumberjack Rasberry (which was on a special draft) and their Hef.  Uh-Maz-Ing for both.  We also ordered a House Salad to split and a Mediterranean Pizza to split.  Again Uh-Maz-Ing!!  I ordered a couple more Hefs and the hubby ordered their IPA that was on draft and then a Hef to close out our tab.  We were sooooo impressed, we will be back later this week and have even been talking about having my 40th Birthday celebration there in a month!!  WELL WORTH IT AND CAN'T WAIT TO HAVE MORE GREAT TIMES HERE
2	I have been here twice. My second visit re-affirmed my original impressions.  Relatively disappointing as far as breweries go.  As others have noted, a long list of beers but only a few on tap (although they do have guest beers).  I think their beer tastes average at best (but I will admit that this is my personal opinion, everyone likes different things). The menu is limited to wood fired pizza and salads.  I've tried a couple different pizzas and neither was very memorable.  The service is good though and everyone is friendly, so that's a plus.
5	Excellent addition to the neighborhood. Great selections of rotating beers, my favorite is the IPA, plus good pizza pizza.
4	Enjoyed our visit to Fate. We intended to stop in just to sample some beer, but ended up ordering some salads which turned out to be surprisingly good. Not sure why i was shocked, maybe i was just happy we were able to get a tasty vegan option, with a little substituting. I don't recall having a beer really stand out for me, seemed like they were all good, but the imperial ipa wasn't what i hoped it would be. By all, i think they only had 3 of theirs available. So not a whole lot of their own to sample, but he's just a little guy. Overall, the place has a good vibe going on and was worth checking out.
5	In one of those ridiculous desert rainstorms, we walked/ran down the block from our hotel to Fate, where we whiled away the rest of the storm drinking tasty beer and eating pizza bread.The presentation of the beer menu is a tease here, as they list off all the beers they brew, leaving you salivating, before you realize that only three of them are currently available.  On our visit, two were IPAs, which seemed redundant with such a small selection.  Then I realized they had a couple of other beers which were not on the menu (5 or 6 total, plus some "guest" beers from other breweries) and I felt less confined.  All the beers we had were very good, and not weak.  They give you stats (alcohol content, IBUs, etc) to help you pick.  I could see coming back every so often just to check out what's new on tap.We also had pizza bread, which was basically a medium cheese pizza.  It was exactly what the mid-afternoon happy hour called for.  Speaking of happy hour, we had four beers and that pizza for $18, which is kind of a ridiculous deal.  I love checking out local breweries when I'm visiting a city, and this place exemplifies why.
4	I've been wanting to try this place ever since the sign first went up, as you can never have too many local breweries.  After eating there, though, I'm a little torn on the rating.  On the one hand, the service was quite good and the place had a nice vibe to it, almost a buzz.  The restaurant is fairly open air and even though we were sat inside, we were close enough to the patio to enjoy this aspect.  In addition, I thought that the food was top notch for a small brewery.  They only have salads and pizza, but both the house salad and the Sunny Side pizza we tried were both interesting and flavorful.  The salad had a great mix of textures and was topped with just the right amount of dressing.  Unfortunately, I was disappointed in the beers and feel that most of the other breweries in town and down the way in Tucson are better.  Their selection was small but not miniscule, as they had five of their own brews on tap and another handful of guest brews.  Neither my wife or I like hoppy, bitter beers-which I find that many smaller breweries tend to focus on-so this immediately cut out selection down to about half.  We sampled their hefeweizen, which we both agreed was underwhelming, as well as one of the light rotator beers that turned out to be nearly flavorless.  Feeling that the American brown would be a fairly safe choice at 36BTUs, I went for a pint of this.  Unfortunately I didn't care for this either, as it was far more bitter than expected and frankly just not that good in my opinion.  Overall I'd still recommend trying this place, given the quality of the food.  I was mainly disappointed in that it seems to appeal to a narrower group of beer drinkers, but at the same time, I can't dock it too much for this as I'm sure many will find their beers to be appealing.  If anyone has been to Borderlands Brewing in Tucson, I think this would be an apt comparison; personally I can't stand any of their beers but I know a lot of people who love it there.
5	Another fabulous night at Fate Brewing. Got there around 5:30 and the place was buzzing. Found a place at the bar and looked over the beer menu. They had five Fate brews and a nice selection of guest beers. I had the Irish Red and Heff...really enjoyed both. Talked with the owner and he said they are brewing as fast as they can to keep up with the demand. Ordered up the Rosemary, potato pizza, was flavorful with fresh ingredients. Noticed they had some new desserts on display, had the chocolate mouse, mmm, tasty. Beer and chocolate done well!
4	Enjoyed the Irish Red and the pale ale. Pizza was good and the potato nachos were VERY good!
5	Great beer,vibe,  and pizza! .......Da!
2	A couple of us went to Fate over lunch. The salad that came out after 20 min was great. After waiting an hour and 20 min, we were informed that the order "got lost". I understand how it could since there was a total of 10 people eating there at the time. The bartender said "Sorry", an said "Atleast you got salad". Cool place overall, but absolutely the worse service. At least our pizza's weren't dropped after the long wait, like the table next to us.
5	Tried the Milk Stout on Friday night, creamy, delicious, smooth my new favorite.  If you like a stout, it's a must try. Favorite pizza Rosemary potato. Friday was standing room only but a great friendly crowd & staff.
4	This brewery is pretty dope. I like the IPA's but I'd stay away from those potato nachos. Good service, looks more like a restaurant. Overall a good place to chill and drink beer.
2	We started out really excited to go to this place, but left feeling sort of deflated about the customer service. The decor looked great, background music was a nice indie blend and the place was clean.When I asked our waitress about the beer selection and that I primarily prefer belgian and wheat ales, she said she couldn't really help me because she only liked hoppy beers since she started working there. She didn't tell me about any of the guest ales on tap (there was an Orange Blossom) or to even help to explain about any of the house beers that would have a low IBU (International Bitterness Units). So I ordered the house root beer. Not bad.We ordered a pizza for dinner and it was pretty good, but then we waited and waited for the waitress to come around and ask us if we wanted dessert (we did), but she brought us the check (on a slow night with about 12 people in the restaurant) and left before we could even ask her about the desserts. My husband had to go over to the dessert case to get the owner to order our dessert for us. And the tiramisu was really lacking.Bottom line: For a brewery/restaurant that has been open for more than a few months, I expect better service and consistency than this. Get it together.Parent Perspective: Two high chairs available (that I saw), two items for the kids' menu and no changing table in the bathroom.
4	Tried this place for the first time on a Wed night. We had a large group so they reserved a few tables for us and extended their happy our until 8pm (ends at 6pm). Our group very much appreciated this generosity! I had the Mr. Pineapple beer as it seemed the lightest beer on the menu; they had I think 9 others on the Happy Hour menu. Crisp and refreshing beer. My husband and I shared one of the wood fired pepperoni pizzas; I think it was $12. The serving size was great for us to share... others might call this a super sized personal pizza. Maybe about 14". It was a good pizza; sauce had a nice spice to it. Ours was slightly over cooked but our friends Margarita pizza looked perfect. That's the risk with wood fired pizza's.The wine selection wasn't all that great and overpriced compared to what I've paid at bars... they really had restaurant prices on the wine (a $12 bottle at Bevmo is $35 here). A friend ordered a bottle of red wine and it was way too warm... in AZ you really need to have all your wine in a cooler; the room temperatures here are just too hot for wine serving. So I'd pass on the wine here and stick with the beer - but hey, it's a brewery so beer is really the way to go.Interior is industrial looking, I liked it. They have a medium sized patio out front and a garage door at the entrance they can open to bring the spaces together. We had really good service too. We will def. be back to this place... perhaps I'll try a beer flight next time.
4	Great place to grab a beer and watch the game. Their beer will only get better. Their food menu needs a little work, but the pizzas are solid enough.
5	This is an easy 5 star rating for me. Looking for tremendous beer, awesome pizza and great service? Fate Brewing is the place for you. This has such a great "neighborhood" restaurant/brewery feel that invites you in and brings a smile to your face. The employees are all incredibly nice and seem to genuinely be enjoying their job. The brews rotate often, so stop in to see what's on tap or check their Facebook page...they update new happenings quite often. The pizzas are wood fired and have nice a thin crust with very fresh toppings. Nice salads too. Cheers to the whole crew at Fate!
4	The hubsters and I came here on date night recently. It was around 6:15 on a Saturday night, and surprisingly slow. I had the Cream Ale and it was yummy. The husband tried the Session and Irish Red and liked both. We split the House salad which was bomb, the pizza bread which sucked, and the fennel sausage pizza which was good. The service was lacking until I spoke up and said we wanted some help, and then the guy was super polite and attentive. Was a little pushy in trying to get us to order...dude, just give me a couple minutes to look over the menu, okay? But all in all it was good and we love little breweries like this.
4	After reading so many great reviews I was glad to finally make it up here. This place a a small, smart, cheerful no-nonsense place for beer lovers to come enjoy some craft beer. I can't comment on the food because I was on a strict liquid bread diet when I came in. But their wood-fired pizzas look good....next time.I ordered a flight that kept my occupied for a while. I think my favorite was the American Pale Ale, believe it or not. but I also really enjoyed their Irish Red. I also followed this by the Grand Canyon Pils which I thoroughly enjoyed as well.They have a nice bar area and the servers are great. You can really tell that they are beer enthusiasts themselves and that makes the experience enjoyable. I recommend this place highly if you want to have a beer or two in a friendly, relaxed environment.
4	As a beer fan, Ive wanted to try this place since it opened.Even though this place was the backup we didn't end up needing, I seized the opportunity to try it anyway. We were seated immediately and both our servers were attentive an pleasant. This place is gorgeous. Lots of different woods, a beautiful bar, and a view into their brewing room from all parts of the restaurant.Myself and 2 of my fellow Yelpers opted for the flight +1 (all 6 of their brews featured at the time). My faves includes their Irish red (which I'm not usually a fan of), their American pale ale, and the Saison. Nice, refreshing and crisp. I was not a fan of their hefe, really not. There was a note of something I can not put my finger on that did not agree w/ my taste buds.If you're a craft beer fan, I'd definitely recommend stopping in for a pint or flight.
5	Enjoyed..great beer and pizza...
5	I can't say enough good things about this place! The beer is absolutely fantastic. I have not had anything here I didn't like. They had an Oatmeal double IPA and it was one of, and this is not an exaggeration, the best IPA's I have had. Up there with the Dogfish 90 minute. The Pizzas are fantastic and the happy hour is incredible. I hope they are around for a long time to come.
3	What a bad day to try Fate. I've been wanting to check it out for a long time. I was excited to have my cheat meal and try their beers. We show up and a notice on the door says the kitchen is closed due to their refrigerators being broken. Bummer and unfortunate for them. I had come on an empty stomach, planning to eat and drink. Now I'm in a bit of trouble. Luckily my boyfriend had eaten and could drive home. We asked if we could get se food and bring it in since they couldn't serve and we were drinking after all. The answer was a stern no with a bunch of BS added to it. You would think the liability of serving people without food would override having others food in your establishment. Guess not. Then there were three guys at the end of the bar. They were three of five in the place. You would think they were hard of hearing the way they were practically yelling at each other to have a conversation. Annoying. We took out tasting flights and moved to a table. Another couple came in and were so annoyed by the loud patrons they asked that the music be turned up to drown them out. Overalls not a welcoming experience. Trying to take into account what is their fault and what isn't but the customer service was no bueno and that goes a long way. Maybe we'll try it again some time...maybe.
4	Run how a microbrewery should be run! Equipment on display. Limited, but decent food (minus the Irish Nachos...), attentive wait staff, good service with the staff being unapologetic for unanticipated demand in beers leading to limited beer choices. And, most importantly, a welcoming place you could call home.What more could you want?
4	We stopped in this weekend for beer and dinner.  While the beer had been a solid three stars before it was now a solid five stars (American Pale Ale).  Truly an exemplary example of the IPA style somewhere between the mega hopped American IPAs and English IPAs.  Liquid Art for your enjoyment on tap.The food was a solid three stars.  The only downside was the bread was burnt for the bread and spread appetizer.
5	As I was finishing up my yelp reviews from a recent trip to Firestone Walker in Paso Robles, I was shocked to see i had not written about my new favorite brewery in AZ."FINALLY!  A BREWERY IN NORTH SCOTTSDALE..." is basically my reaction to Fate Brewery.  One "fateful" night (pun intended) when I decided to stop in to try their Imperial IPA, a love affair began that I don't anticipate ending anytime soon.I will admit, at first, I was skeptcal.  There are so many places that have come and gone...there will always be the places that "have decent craft beer, for the area."  That was my initial hesitation upon opening, and is probably why it took me months to finally give them a try.  I was pleasantly surprised when the beer was one of the best I've had in the valley.Although the location seems small, it's more than adequate.  Their patio is awesome in the cooler months.  They have enough tables where you never feel like you have to wait long, but never feel like it's too empty.  Personally I favor sitting at the bar, no matter where I go.  Their bar is really cool, and the chairs are spaced appropriately so you don't feel like you're sitting on top of the person next to you.On to the important stuff, the beer.  I've noticed over the past few months, they have done a really good job of satisfying all palattes. Whether you're a hop head, or more of a fruit beer, or maybe something darker, there has been at least one of each on their menu.  I am a hop head through and through, and their American Pale Ale and recently released IPA are my favorite in Arizona right now.  They also often release specialty beers that have never disappointed (for instance, a coffee IPA).I have only had pizza there, and it was great.  Love the hot chili oil.The atmosphere to me is the closest you'll get to a "cheers" type of bar.  Maybe being from the east coast I'm more acclimated to this type of vibe, but it's small, quaint, welcoming, and inviting.  I have gone in with my husband, with my girlfriends, or sat by myself, and I've always felt comfortable, and have always met really cool people along the way. For me what sets this bar apart is the service.  Steve has done a really great job of assembling an awesome team, who remembers who you are, and what you like to drink.  And Steve is such a nice person.  It's fun chatting him up about his beer.Their social media and website are always up to date, so check regularly to see if there's anything special on.I think what you do need to realize before going in is, it's a small brewery with a decent size list of oustanding beers.  This isn't a Yardhouse type of establishment.  And you don't have to be a beer expert or beer snob to enjoy it.  From what I've experienced, if you ever have any questions, or want to try anything, all you have to do is ask.
5	Went on a Sunday afternoon at 1:30. Ashlee was our server and it was fun to visit with her. She knew her beers, is a hop head, and directed me to the Double Oatmeal IPA which was amazing. They had a good brunch menu; I had the classic breakfast pizza and my wife had the bacon and mushroom frittata skillet.As we waited for our food and I enjoyed the Double Oatmeal IPA, Ashlee brought over samples of the other Fate brews saying she enjoyed talking to craft brew fans and wanted us to taste their other beers as well. I tend toward IPAs and the pale ale was excellent but I was surprised by the red, absent the over-sweet maltiness I've tasted in a lot of microbrews of that style. It was dark but not heavy, with just enough hop to balance the malt or rye. I ended up taking home a growler of the red though I'd planned on a growler of the Pale Ale, both for the variety and because it was so good. Truth be told, I also took home a "growlerette" of the Double Oatmeal IPA. The "growlerette" was a cool small growler with a flip top that would be reused and enjoyed by home brewers, and is just cool looking.Matching the beer, the food was very good. My classic breakfast pizza had olive oil, bacon, rosemary roasted potatoes, mozzarella, cracked egg and was finished with fresh herb. It was a nine inch pizza with a crisp crust. The egg, cheese, and potatoes matched well and contrasted with the crunch of the crust. My wife's frittata was also very good and she commented more than once on the flavor of the rosemary roasted potatoes coming through. Hers was served in a small cast iron skillet on a board with pegs holding it in place. The server who brought the food to our table noted our choices and said we were in for a treat. He was right. Ashlee came by and noticed I'd not eaten the crust of the pizza and she suggested trying the pepper oil on the table with the crust. I turned out I cleaned the plate with the pepper oil and crust.Service, food, and beer were all top notch. In our family we have a tradition of choosing a restaurant for our birthdays and, for the last few years, my choice has been either Four Peaks in Tempe or San Tan Brewery in Chandler. While I still love both of those breweries, Fate will be where I draw my family from across the valley for my next birthday.Don't miss this place!
5	I've only been here once, but had good food and an excellent couple of beers. Top that off with employees and an owner that seem like good people and you have yourself a spot definitely worth going back to.
3	No cider? Really?Their wine selection is pretty good and the staff was very friendly. Also the place is nicely designed. It gets busy pretty quickly. Can't comment on the food as I didn't have any.
5	Beers were great. $1 half pint special is great for sampling.  Pizza was above average, but it's always tough to judge a small pizza. Location is not great, but the actual restaurant/atmosphere was an A.
5	This is a great little hangout for a beer and some good pizza! Love the habanero infused olive oil they give you with the pizza. My only complaint is that occasionally I really want a "guest beer" and those beers are $1more. But, I understand the reason for that- so I am still giving 5 stars. Friendly, efficient staff at all times. Everyone should stop in and give this place a try. :-)
5	Awesome microbrewery. Great pizza. Great service. Great ambiance! Their beer list and specialty pizzas change and are always incredible! They also have "guest beers" which are equally satisfying. Also, try the breads and spreads for an appetizer before you start on the pizza! So many different, yummy flavors!
3	Although my hubby would award it 2.25 stars, I am not as harsh.  I loved my Belgian wit.  It was like Four peaks peach ale minus the peach.  Very refreshing!  We got potato nachos and they were different because they were cooked in their brick pizza oven, but we weren't huge fans.
4	Great beer and above average food. I went on a jam packed day and the owner was very helpful in taking care of us. He made sure we got our beers and held a spot for us on the waiting list. After ten minutes or so, we were able to get a spot at the bar. The gf went to find him and let him know we were taken care of and he remembered her name. Again, this was during a very crazy time (Candy Stout) so it was nice. The prices were reasonable and we had The Jess for the pizza. If I lived closer, this would be my go to spot.
3	Pizza tastes great. The beer however, is extremely bitter, no matter which kind you get. I got a sampler flight of all the beers and couldn't choke down one of any of the samplers. I'm a Stella/Kiltlifter kind of guy, and this beer is definitely not my taste. I thought the homemade root beer had to bring some redemption. Wrong again. It was flat. Service and atmosphere are good, prices are expeeensive for what you get. Probably not going to return. I can see why some folks like it but it's not for everyone.
2	The service was helpful and super friendly! Went there for happy hour with full intentions of grabbing food as well. That quickly changed about two beers into our shared flight! Glad we didn't get two since we could barely finish the first. All the beers were extremely strong and their stout was legitimately a candy bar taste. Wouldn't recommend it to anyone even though I never tried the food. Much better breweries in the area.
4	$3.75 pints during happy hour, what up?  I thought this place would be bigger, but it's cool just the way it is, strip-mall style.  Feels finished, though it's been open only a year.  They have 6 of their beers, and 6 guest taps, which is plenty for the size of the place.  No bottles.  I really like this place and I see what all the buzz is about in scottsdale now!
2	I was really hoping this place would be a new favorite, but I can't. Finding a local brewery so close was very exciting to discover, but was surprised by their beer selection. I guess I never saw Scottsdale as being a big craft beer hot spot, so was surprised by how limiting their selection is to very strong beers.We started with a flight so sample their selection, and soon realized that all their eers are pretty much just very strong IPAs and Stouts. I like to think I am pretty open to most craft beers, but I do enjoy variety and switching it up. So taking into account the relatively higher prices (especially for food) and the limited strong beers; this place just didn't strike me as somewhere me and my friends can go to for a good evening of beers.But, on the positive side, the staff was all very friendly, including the servers and bartender. Also, the other customers that did enjoy the beers seemed to be all having a good time. So if you enjoy really strong beers then this is your place.
4	Fantastic local brewery! Delicious brews and tasty pizza! I consider myself to be a foodie and beer snob and this place is definitely worth checking out. Their Red was really good. Get the beer flight to try all if their beers and then determine your own favorite!
4	Cool environment, fun people!
5	Fate is one of my favorite Micro Breweries in Phoenix. They have great pizza for a quick bite at lunch. The Mediterranean is excellent with just the right amount of kalamata olives.  The salad I had was great with blue cheese and candied pecans with sunflower seeds.  The real stand out for me is their unique beers they make and tap.  The Candy Bar Stout is just as awesome as it sounds brewed with peanuts, vanilla, and coco nibs. If you drop in to get a growler they have it on tap with nitrous and it's amazing.  The bartenders are always very friendly and willing to answer questions and fill up a growler to go. If you a re in the mood for a more standard beer check out the belgian Dubbel it's very good with everything.
5	Fate Brewing a Silver Medal Winner at the Great American Beer Festival in Denver! This place just keeps getting better. The staff is awesome, the beer more awesome. Love the Jess Pizza. Very cool mirco-brewery.
4	I'm a total beer snob from Seattle, and I think Fate is one of the best craft brewers in AZ. Steve and his team make unique beers in small batches, so the list is constantly changing. It has been "discovered" so expect a crowd at peak hours, but also expect quality beer. Make a special trip if they have their Imperial IPA on tap - it's their specialty.
4	A young brewery that is doing good things. The space is decent sized, but I could see it getting pretty packed on the busier days. We got a sampler and everything we tasted was good. Nothing really jumped out at me, but nothing made me make a gross face either.I do agree that they could dive into the realm of lighter beers, but with their size and brewing capacity, they seem like they're just sticking to the sure things as they get off the ground.Definitely should be a stop if you're in the area brewery hopping.
4	I like trying new things. Its fun and hip. While killing some time before doing side work on a Sunday, I did a Yelp Search and *poof* Fate Brewing popped up. Lets review:~Fud/Drink~The food here is pretty urban and "gastropub-ish" if you ask me. I had the Scarlet Skillet Omelet (see pic) which was very good. Everything mixed together very well, even if it looks like something your cat yacked up....it was very good. I ordered a bloody beer (they actually name it that on the menu, score) with their light ale.  All their dishes look good, prices are a tad high but the quality is there. Of the crafts they brew, all but 1 was dark or very hoppy, which is why they lose a whole star. The variety simply was not there if you like anything relatively light or refreshing.Even the ale they gave me was a Pale Ale which, I am not a fan of. It had the traditional PA hoppy kick. It tasted good with my bloody mix in it...but still, where is the variety? The guest beers were also all very hoppy or dark, so even if I jumped over to the guest list its difficult. I know its winter, but not every winter beer HAS to be dark... I am still getting used to dark beers, so I am totally up to trying new things... but give me variety!!!~Atmosphere/Service~This place has a hipster feel to it. A lot of ironic items throughout, like the tool bench drawer used to cart off used growlers or old drinks...or some of the chairs which are made out of random materials. The large stone bar-top is inviting and spacious, allowing for a lot of items to be strewn across. A comparable amount of tables are inside, as well as a short-but-sweet patio up front. Service was good, one barkeep for the lot of us at the bar on a Sunday is OK. He was helpful and gave me a couple samples to try. Nothing overwhelming in either direction...nice guy.  It definitely has an open, relaxing feel to it. Really relaxing and comforting place to head over to on a Sat-Sun morning, I feel. You won't look/feel like an alchy if you come in for a drink or two and get some brunch.~The Down Low~Good solid spot to unwind, upscale in some aspects, with an emphasis on hipsterism in some areas. Come on down, its a fun place to be as you can tell that a lot of beer enthusiasts come here. They get 4 stars for fun/refreshing set-up, good mix on menu, well made craft beers, and an inviting atmosphere.
4	Not bad, good ambience for a brewery. It was relevant enough for guys to go grab some beers there and also for young families to come by.I need to come here more /try more of their beers to give you my opinion.They have some other beers on tap...orange shanty is nasty...but you all knew that already.Go for their beers instead
5	great place, great beer!  I would recommend the potato Nachos.  Great food great service.  yum
5	Love this place!! nice vibe, great food, delicious beer, and AJ IS AWESOME!!!!
3	OK beer, but not as good as many other local breweries. Pizza was mediocre so if you go there spend the money on beer, not food.
3	Came in for the anniversary party so I wasn't able to actually take a seat and grab some food - it was way over capacity. I tried a vanilla cocoa smoked porter and it was very heavy and over the top on the smoke flavour. I'm more of a fruit-infused beer drinker, though, and there wasn't anything on the brew menu that catered to that. I would come back on a normal business day to try the pizza or some of the lighter beers, but a brewery with such a small variety of beers and no beer-based foods is not what I'm usually looking for in a brewery - but if you're into trying new beers, definitely check them out. They had some unique flavours!
3	(Lyrics - George Michael - Faith)Well I guess it would be niceIf I could taste your craft beerI know not everybody has got a brewery like yoursBut I've got to sip twiceBefore I give my heart awayAnd I know all the games you will play Because it's on Direc TV Too!Oh But I Need some PizzaFrom that hunger cryTime to pick my fork up off the plateOh, When that pie comes out With that aromaWell, It takes a strong appetite BabyBut I'm showin you my mouthCause' I gotta have FateI gotta have FateBecause I gotta have Fate, a Fate, a FateI gotta have Fate, a Fate, a FateFate is a local brewing company located in Scottsdale.  There used to be life around here back in the days when Devil's Martini existed.  Still some small hot spots here and there; the there is Fate.  The only beer brewing restaurant around; this cute little brewery spices up the night life back into the area.I shared the olive side and a capicola pizza with a pal.  If you like olives this was a delight.  Nicely dripping in it's own juice with a salty punch to your palates.  The firewood pizza that we ordered was okay I thought.  The crust got dried out quickly and the toppings did the same.  Kept on drinking to finish it off!  Drinking was not what I did here though.  I'm not a big fan of craft beers, but can appreciate it.  We sampled all their beers and my favorite and also strongest was the Belgo American Tripel.  Strong indeed cause I started to buzz a little after one!  Light weight here!  Anyways, the other beer were strong also and extra bitter to me.  Almost like an IPA which I despise!  All you IPA drinkers can hate...go ahead.  Overall, the atmosphere is great and the service was awesome.  Drinks were fine, but not my cup of tea and the food was okay. - Enjoy!
5	Great place and Nice staff will return flatbread was excellent
4	Constantly rotating selection of creative beer and some great pizza combinations from their pizza oven.  Great variety in beer, everything we tried was good.
4	Great to have a brewpub so close!  Have tried this place a few times and each time, just want to turn back around and go back!!Great beer selection with frequent rotation. They also offer some great offering from other local and nonlocal brewers. Staff friendly and beer smart, which is a plus. Food menu, although not extensive, is fantastic with their wood fired pies and clever apps. Not a big place so try to get there when they open or you may have to fight off other beer aficionados for a table. (We went on Fathers day. Got there when it opened and ten minutes later, they had a 20 min wait).So I urge anyone who likes to eat and/or drink to try Fate!
5	I love this place! My boyfriend and I go here at least once a week. They always have new beers. Their Table Saison and Imperial Coffee Stout is super yummy. Great pizza and nice service!
1	Just had a few beers, and that will be the last time I ever go there. The place was very modern and pleasing to the eye, just the way you want your local brewery to be. Bit that's the best it got. The beer was average at best, Nd I drink a lot of craft beers. The prices were a little steep for food and the menu was small. But what made my experience horrible was the guy at the entrance. He was insulting our group as we left and was very unprofessional. So we asked what his name was. He said "I'm Steve the owner" if this is true, its the last time I ever visit.
4	I have been here four times in the past year.  This is a cute little place.  It has a small menu, but it is enough to satisfy your appetite.  This last time we were a group of 13 people and they were quickly and happy to accommodate us.  We sat in the patio area.  Our server was Fausto and he was really great.  This time I had the roasted rosemary potato pizza and a spinach salad.  It was really delicious, but Scott's fennel pizza, smelled like heaven.  I have had that one before, and I know it is amazing.  Several people ordered the potato chips nachos, they looked delicious.  I also had the Irish red beer.  I liked it.  They also offer flights of beer, which some people really liked.  I am just starting to drink beer, so I am not as adventurous with them yet.  I will definitely keep coming back.  It is a very relaxed and casual environment.
3	I went here with a large group after the hiking UYE (which was awesome, BTW). We were seated on the patio and our server (who was attentive and very good overall) moved heaters all around us so we were comfortable. So why 3 stars? The food we got just wasn't very good....maybe we ordered the wrong thing.... but it was pretty bad. I tried another person's pizza bread and that was bland, dry, and not very cheesy...not awesome. The husband and I shared the The Jess (garlic, spinach, ricotta, bacon, garlic olive oil)....sounds great, right? Well... it wasn't. It wasn't very garlicky and the bacon had an odd flavor. It was, again, dry and kind of bland. I got a side of marinara sauce which helped a lot, but it still wasn't awesome. For beers we had the strawberry rhubarb....funky, but not bad...and the cream ale....not bad, but nothing special. I will say that other people's food looked better than mine, so it is possible that I just ordered the wrong thing, but regardless, I don't think I'll be back anytime soon.
4	It was my 2nd time back at Fate's, 1st time I really didn't have anything but a glass of water, being DD and all, so I didn't think it warranted a review. This time I was with a group of friends, we met up for a Hike and Brew, and Fate Brewing was the placed picked for the brew part of the day.Our server was Fausto, he was great! Told him I had to be the party pooper of the group and order fast & leave soon, but he didn't miss a beat, took my order and got me my drink! Still being new to ordering beers (the number of beers I have drank in my lifetime can be counted on one hand) I checked out the list of beers and went with the Irish Red,  it's a cooper red malted focused with an initial caramel sweetness & roasted dryness in the finish. Now the way I happened upon my 1st beer, which was a stout, someone said they are like coffee, I like coffee, ok I love coffee, so it has to be good right? So this Irish Red said caramel sweetness, yes I like that too, so that's how I picked Irish Red, and I have to say I was pretty happy with my choice. Very good, can't wait to try it again!I was a little bit hungry, but not enough for an meal, so I ordered off the starter menu and got the Potato Nachos, now in the past when I have ordered potato nachos I always regret doing it because I like thick slices of potatoes covered in cheese and goodness not the paper thin slices, I'm a potato luv fool!  But this time I was not disappointed, it was potato slices, but not thin, but not too thick just perfectly right, covered in mozzarella cheese, topped with BACON, red onions, roasted garlic sour cream & chives. This plate of nachos was out of sight! Before I knew it, I ate it all! So dang good!Glad to have made it back to Fate's and actually tried some beer & food this time :) Look forward to coming back!
4	This place actually looked pretty nice inside for a brewery but I was sitting out on the patio with a group of my fellow Yelpers. Even though we were a large party, the service was great. Fate has a pretty limited food menu... just pizza and a couple salad and appetizer options. Most of us seemed to enjoy our pizza. The hubby and I ordered the pesto one and it was pretty tasty. Not the best pizza I've ever had but good. Anyway, it's a brewery so one does not come here for the food. Since I had never been here before I went ahead and did a full flight (4oz pours of all 6 beers) and here are my thoughts on their brews:Strawberry Rhubarb - This was described as a Berliner Weisse which is a beer style I am not at all familiar with but based on the name I thought it would be sweet. To my surprise, it was actually pretty sour (I now know that is how it is supposed to be). But it really did taste just like strawberry rhubarb pie but just not sweetened... you know that fruity but tart flavor? They completely captured it. Yummy! I liked this one more than I expected to.Cream Ale - This was my least favorite beer at Fate. It did not have enough flavor or body. I was expecting more maltiness (is that a word?)  I guess if you are a lager drinker (which I am not) you would enjoy it. Probably would taste better in the summer on a hot day.Irish Red - Almost everyone at the table (myself included) agreed this is their best beer. On the menu it said this had won an award at the Great American Beer Festival in CO and I can see why. Flavor was perfectly balanced. Tasty hops but not too bitter. Just a fantastic beer.American Pale Ale - I have never been a fan of IPAs but I have recently developed a taste for American or "West Coast" pale ales. Just hoppy enough to wake up your palate but not too much that it is intensely bitter. This one had a nice malty flavor to it as well. I guess for a true hop head it might not be enough hops but I really enjoyed it very much.Double Oatmeal IPA - This one was very interesting. I have never experienced (or even heard of) an oatmeal IPA before. I love oatmeal stouts because they have that nice, creamy mouthfeel to them (yeah, that's right, I said mouthfeel). This one had that same texture but was really hoppy like you would expect from an IPA. I couldn't quite decide if I liked it or not. Next time I'll have to get a whole pint so I can figure it out. They don't have the ABV values on their website but if I remember from the menu this one was pretty strong.Oatmeal Stout - This style is just always a tasty beer in my book and this one was no exception. I would drink beer this any day of the week. It had a beautiful rich, dark color to it. Also a great flavor and just the perfect touch of sweetness.
5	Wow! I am a big craft beer guy and Fate brews the best around. Their candy bar milk stout and their double IPA are in my top 5 favorite beers ever. Everything else I have had has been solid as well. Food is very good and service has always been attentive as well. I will be coming back here regularly.
5	We checked Yelp driving down from Las Vegas and found Fate.  Was it fate?  We were impressed by prior reviews so took the leap, and are pleased we did!  Fausto, our server, was a delight - attentive, knowledgeable and prompt in every way.  We enjoyed our meal - the margherita pizza was excellent with shredded basil over the entire surface, and the Red Irish Ale was a delight.  The unexpected bonus was their guest brew from Funkwerks in Fort Collins, CO, which was their King Tropic brew.  We had this at Funkwerks taproom in July, 2013, and it was superb, 8.2 ABV, and full of flavor.  It is worth the trip just for this beer alone, but that discounts Fate's Oatmeal Stout - a grand stout full of flavor and delicious from start to finish.  This is a new micro-brewery celebrating their one year anniversary.  Join them and enjoy every bite and every brew!
5	Our favorite local brewery! Very unique beers and it is always exciting to try something new. I love the hatch chili cream ale and the candy milk stout is real good. Pizza is also very good and atmosphere is modern and sleek.  Service always very good too
3	This was our first visit to Fate in Scottsdale. The location is great, conveniently near the major intersection of Shea and Scottsdale Rd. Look for the big fire truck in the parking lot that's a travelling billboard for the barbecue place next door. The restaurant itself is small so there's some wait times for a table or to sit at the bar. We were fortunate to find some empty seats at a high-top table near the entrance. The beer selection is small but there's something for nearly every taste. We looked for a sampler board like most micro breweries have, but could only find individual 3.5 oz samples for $1.75 each. I tried the coffee infused cream ale which was the special at $3 per pint. The beer was good, not great, which surprised me because I like coffee and beer. We ordered the potato nacho appetizer which was just ok. I probably won't get that again. The service was a little slow, but I'll give them a break because it was busy for a Sunday afternoon...but that's your job right? Overall, it was a good, not great experience but we'll give Fate another chance before making a final judgement. Oh, that sounds so ominous ;-) But, we vote with our wallets.
4	Small gem hidden in a strip center, community tables, first come first serve.  Menu is limited to pizza and a couple of salads and appetizers, but they were all good (had three different types of pizza with a group to share).  They are a micro brew and it was AZ beer week, so the "theme" that night was all their beers (other times they have their own plus other brands) we had several different ones. I had the cream ale and it was a good option for me since I am more of a wine and domestic beer drinker :) not too heavy and very smooth.  It was a cool vibe, laid back and not stuffy at all.  I would definitely go back.
4	Great pizza and beer place. Very unique flavors and varieties.
5	You must go here! Everybody is friendly. They have the best chocolate stout (forgot the name of it). And, the goat cheese pizza and salad were amazing. Better than the place that's on  Drive ins, Diners and Dives show. :)
5	Love this place! Staff is friendly, loves kids! Pizza is awesome. Come here for brunch on Sundays, breakfast French toast pizza is incredible!
5	We decided to head to Fate for lunch to celebrate my big 3-0 birthday, based on all of the positive Yelp reviews. I'm happy to report that it didn't disappoint. The beer, pizza and cake pops were all on point. Our server was friendly and super attentive, in fact we joked that she may have Psychic powers!! I would highly recommend Fate and will definitely return the next time were in Scottsdale!
4	Our last stop on the Arizona Brewpub trail.  FATE did not disappoint.  It had the most interesting and varied Beers by far.Strawberry Rhubarb Berliner Weisse!  A beer that smells like cheese - which I wouldn't think would be a good thing - but what do you know..  So Good.  Try a Chocolate Chili Milk Stout for dessert. Waiter told us that they keep the beer selection pretty fresh - coming up with new ideas all the time.20 minute wait on Thursday night was OK.  Staff was friendly.  Pizza, Burgers and Salads held the standards well above average bar fare.  Kind of "out of the way" in a little strip mall, it was worth the trip.
5	Great service starting with hostess and manager.  The pale ale was awesome. Reminds me of Mirror Pond.Pizzas are very good.
5	Popped in with a few friends while visiting Scottsdale for the day and had an excellent beer bloody mary. The mix on it waa great had a nice kick to start my day off right. I tried the standard IPA and it was delicious. Very refreshing and not overly hoppy and heavy with a nice citrus hint! (Perfect for a hot day if you dont want a lighter beer) Also tried a sample of the oatmeal double IPA which is wonderful. Service and atmosphere are nice. I would come back and try the pizza we didnt eat but it looked amazing!
4	Solid beer, solid pizza, solid service, solid atmosphere.  Just an all around solid place to grab a pizza and a beer.  All the reviews on here seem to be spot on so there is really nothing more that I could add.
4	A great chill place to sit out on the patio and enjoy the beverage of your choice and some pizza. I went here with a group of Yelpers as Fate Brewing was the payoff after hiking Pinnacle Peak on our Hike & Brew UYE.First of all, the service was outstanding and individual checks were written without any fuss. It was gorgeous day outside for some conversation, drinks and food. I had the sausage pizza with goat cheese sans the mushrooms. That pizza was wall to wall sausage. I unfortunately negated the calories I burned hiking by eating that pizza but my tummy was very happy. The pizza tasted very good and was reasonably priced.I might have to try some other items next time but to tell you the truth it would be hard to pass up on that pizza.
4	First time eating here. It's small and intimate. We had the cheese sticks and pizza. Both were good, but the pizza was a little salty for my taste. I added some marinara from the cheese sticks which fixed the pizza right on up. I would go back if it wasn't so far out. I live on the West Side of town.
5	Nice little spot with friendly staff, good music and great pizza. Had the Rustica and the pepperoni pizza. Both were really friggin good! Also had tiramisu for dessert that was absolutely decadent. Food here is fantastic, hands down.
5	Enjoyed the beer. Really liked the choc chili stout, but ended up with the hefe as the stout is a bit spicy. The pizza was incredible! We got the rustica which was really good! Excellent service. Omg, the tiramisu was one of the best I've had!
5	The Audi Club of Arizona organized a little meet / greet happy hour at Fate Brewing recently. One of our members had heard about the place and the weather+patio+good brews and chews was the ideal mix. I contacted the manager to see about setting up a place for a group of about 10 people (we ended up with 15). Steve was welcoming and quick to respond. The day of I arrived early and Travis (I believe) guided me to the table, the wait staff was great and gave great recommendations. Individual checks were done without a blink and we all know that can be difficult when a group arrives at different times etc. All in all, excellent experience. The food, the brews, the homemade root beer, and the staff were great. The location just off of Scottsdale road and Shea was easy to navigate and with a back entrance by the additional parking made it even easier. Highly recommend!
4	**EDIT**Within hours of my original review (below), I was contacted by the owner of Fate. He apologized for my experience and offered to make it right, and for that, my opinion of this company is vastly improved. It's very refreshing to know that an owner listens to their customers and seeks to improve in areas where they may fall short. You never get a second chance to make a first impression, but the response I received from the owner is certainly a large step in the right direction. _____________________My girlfriend and I are HUGE beer lovers, she works at a brewery and has worked at a few different ones for the past 5+ years. We were in the Phoenix area so she could take her Cicerone exam at Crescent Crown, and we were heading up to Sedona for the next couple days. We visit breweries/brewpubs multiple times every week, and since we live in San Diego I'd like to think that we've seen a lot when it comes to the craft beer scene (I'm not trying to brag at all, just hoping to provide a context to show that we're not new to the idea/business of craft beer). We approach every new brewery with an open mind/palate, and go from there. And so it begins... We showed on a Saturday (3/15) early afternoon to find a half-full bar and a decent amount of people at the tables, so we grabbed a couple seats at the bar. The bartender (guy with dark hair, didn't get a name) told us he'd be with us in a minute (he seemed a little frazzled), so I told him there was no rush and we started looking over the menu. A couple minutes later he comes over and asks how he can help us. I asked him if they do tasting flights (since I didn't see the option on the menu), and he *literally* rolled his eyes, let out an audible chuckle/sigh, and said yes. I was immediately pretty put off, but figured I'd let it slide since they were supposed to have good beer. I asked "Do we build our own or is it a set number for a certain price?", to which he replied "Well what do you want?" with an attitude resembling a condescending teacher talking to 5 year old. At this point we should have left since his attitude was disgusting, but I genuinely wanted to try their beer. We ordered one flight to share and it was brought to us very quickly, which was nice. After the first taste I realized neither of us had water and we wanted a glass to cleanse the palate a little between styles. I asked the same bartender if we could each have a glass of water (a common request?), and he opens the fridge and puts down a carafe of water with two glasses, all without saying a word. I would have settled for a "here you go", but the silence was awkward and even more off-putting. At this point, I'm pretty much ready to pay the bill and leave; we're patronized by a worker AT A BREWERY by asking to try their beer, and we're treated rudely for having the audacity to ask for a glass of water. What's the deal with this place?We stayed, and tried the Single Hop Sour, Hefeweizen, Table Saison, Chocolate Chili Milk Stout, and one more...can't remember (American Amber?). The beer was decent but nothing jumped out at me. I'm not a fan of hot spice/chilis in beer, but I appreciated the flavor of the chocolate against the chili in the stout. That is the only good thing I can say about this place. If I had to pick another, I'd say the parking lot was pretty clean and the pizza oven thing looked pretty cool, so thumbs up for that. This was the 4th brewery we stopped at in Arizona (out of 6 total), and it was the only one that literally left a bad taste in my mouth. I blame the service more than the beer, but I preferred the drinks at our other stops more anyways. We'll certainly be back in Phoenix (friends and cousins live there), but we will not return here and will not recommend this place to anyone back home. As a tip to management, I'd recommend ensuring that your staff talk to their customers like they are adults, not children. Either that, or don't hire workers that are clearly not enjoying their job; they're damaging your brand and only making your competitors look better.
5	Best craft brewery in the Valley.  And their food is equally good. Love the wood fired pizzas and have tried several of them over the last couple of years.  Don't pass on their house-made chili oil with your pizza - it's very good.  Their house salad is quite tasty and very fresh - I always make sure to get one.We always sit at the bar and have a great time talking with the bartender, owner and other guests. It's just a friendly neighborhood place.  But we have fun everywhere we go.  It's a matter of attitude isn't it?
3	More and more, Arizona is being bombarded by breweries, and it's becoming harder for them to stand out cause, quite frankly, a lot of the beer tastes the same, the food is typical, and the "unique" crafts just don't tickle my tastebuds. Fortunately, Fate has a couple of those standouts that would make me want to head back over there...the chili oil and the chocolate-chili milk stout! I know, the chili oil? Yep. It's actually packed with great flavor that goes perfectly with any of Fate's carbohydrates (I only tried the flatbread app and potato nachos -- just okay). If you ever had the pleasure of going to a restaurant named Aiello's before it closed, you'll remember their complementary chili oil app. Fate's oil reminded me of that immediately! It's just spicy enough, and it's loaded with delicious chili, oil, and oregano flavor. The chocolate-chili stout was also perfectly spicy! The first few sips were reminiscent of any tasty chocolate/coffee milk stout, but after your palate has been engulfed with it, you start to get hints of spice that build slowly while you venture to the snifter's plinth. Delicious.I'm looking forward to checking Fate out again, and I'm hoping the service will be a little better the next time (it was busy). And, I'll be sure to try their pizza because, c'mon, I like pizza and beer! Salut!
3	So after my last review I have been meaning to come check out Fate Brewing again especially their food. So this time around I stopped by and had dinner on a Friday night and as usual this place was packed. I really do enjoy the laid back atmosphere and the chill music. But my taste buds just don't agree with their beer I tried a few new beers and still wasn't satisfied. To me they just don't stick out enough to want to come back not to mention there brick oven pizza is just that and nothing more. Don't get me wrong I am not trying to bash this place and I really want to like Fate but its just not happening.
4	Fate is great for microbrews and brick-oven pizza.  All of the pizzas that I've tried (vegetarian) have been pretty great.  The olive appetizer is also nice.  Lots of microbrews on tap as well as some local brews.  No wait (at least not so far), so that is a plus during the cool months.  I'm hoping this can remain a somewhat unknown neighborhood joint!
5	Fate is the best small brewery and restaurant in the Phoenix area!  It is not even close.  Their beers are always flavorful and delicious.  There are usually at least 6 of their own beers and a few "guest" selections to choose from.  Always something for everyone.  The food is also excellent.  They could offer sharper knives for cutting the pizza.  That would be my only suggestion.  They have indoor and outdoor seating with a great concrete bar and 2 TV's with the sound off.  A "garage door" joins the inside and outside areas together.  My favorite beer selections are the Irish Red and the American Pale Ale.  Both are excellent.  Also anything with Hatch Chili's is pretty good as well.Fausto is a great server.  If you are lucky enough to get him you will be well taken care of.I have been to many other craft breweries in Arizona and none are as good as Fate.
5	I live in Chandler but happily make the trek up to Fate whenever I get the chance. Just a week or so ago, they debuted a new Sunday Brunch special so yesterday we all piled in the car to come try it out for ourselves. The deal is that you get any of their brunch entrees which include a variety of breakfast pizzas or breakfast skillets, and 2 5oz glasses of Fate beer for only 10 bucks! Cant be beat. They only have a pizza oven there, so that's why the menu is limited to pizza oven entrees, however you dont feel limited when you're eating their creations! I got the meat and potato skillet and my friends tried 2 of the other skillets -they were all winners and we cant wait to come back. Thanks for the great service, lovely atmosphere and amazing food and beer Fate! :)
5	Very good beers. They usually have a myriad of their own beers that have great hop- forward flavor. Their food is always delicious. Their food is centered around wood fired pizzas that do not disappoint. And try their homemade chili oil too.
5	Stopped in for lunch recently and had a great time as usual. The staff is friendly and helpful but also speedy so you can really get in and out for a lunch stop. Loved the specials that they have now- half salad and half pizza for 10 bucks is great. Thanks again Fate!
5	Finally writing a short review after many visits!  Recent Fennel and Sausage Flatbread very, very good.  Service fast and consistent.  Great beers especially the Hatch Cream Ale (great aroma and taste!)  Whenever owner is there he always recognizes you and thanks you for coming.  Nice.
5	Stopped in last night to check it out since we were in the neighborhood. Loved everything (beers, food, atmosphere, service) and can't wait to come back with friends. My husband and I generally prefer pale ales so we ordered the Single Pale Ale and American Pale Ale. Both were awesome! We had sampled some pale ales at Arizona Wilderness the night before and I preferred the beers at Fate. I would even say that Fate  could easily become my favorite local brew. Looking forward to coming back for the Double Oatmeal IPA.Food was impressive as well and prices were very reasonable. Menu consists of pizzas, salads, and apps. It was hard to choose a pizza because they all sounded great, some interesting ingredient combos too. Our server recommended the fennel sausage and it didn't disappoint. The sausage had great flavor and loved the pairing with goat cheese!!
5	Single hop sour- the next hot beer for people looking for a change from IPA!  Hatch chili cream is also amazing.
5	The beer is done in small batches and makes for a great rotation. If you are a fan of craft beer, you are doing a disservice to yourself if you have not checked this place out.The only complaint - A more robust kitchen would put this pace over the top.The owner and staff have always been friendly and responsive.Right now they have a double oatmeal IPA that is extremely smooth in taste. Not overpowering like most doubles. Also, I am not a huge fan of Hefes, but Fate's does not overdue the clove taste.Great atmosphere and dog friendly patio.
4	My girlfriend and I came here because ohso and four peaks were way too crowded. Very limited beer selection but they brew it so that's understandable. They only serve pizza and salads but they were good. Little on the pricey side. I could do 3 1/2 I would.
5	I don't drink so I can't comment on the beer, but the pizza here is the best in the Scottsdale. I tried the honey habanero and it changed my life! lol Also, their pretzels are amazing!
4	First visit review.  Love the atmosphere, decent beer and the best warm pretzel I have either had.  I will be back.
3	Was up in the area so stopped to check it out.Overall good place with craft beers done in small batches. The selection at this time was not my favorite so i am going to have to go back when it aligns more with the kind of beer i like. They had seven diff ones most were too hoppy for me the standouts where the red and sour. They also have beers from other brewers to round out the selection.Simple and clean decorations and has viewing of the brewing gear, a pretty small place in general.Menu is basically a pizza place (have wood fired oven) with salads and bar snacks. Not wide offering but good. Pablo honey pizza was a nice change of pace.So after i go back when they have some more stouts and balanced beers i will review again.
5	My favorite micro brew! Have Been going since they opened, and I absolutely love Fate.
4	Beers were solid, loved the Chocolate Milk Stout! Split a margherita pizza which was ok, the chile oil is really nice though. Service was friendly. I would return if it wasn't so far from my house.
5	Love the beer (Cream Ale is my favorite) and love that they have something new every time we go.  The food is also very good and they welcome special orders which is a nice touch for picky eaters like myself.  The food menu is somewhat limited, but that does not bring my rating from 5 stars to 4 at all.
4	Small and inviting, this is a great place to grab a beer and a bite to eat.  Their beer is great and the staff is very helpful if you do not know what you want.  The food was unique and quite good.  If you are in the area and need a craft beer fix, this is not a bad place to get that fix.
5	I may be a tad biased, but in reality the beer is better than most I have tried. The red, cream ale and the specialty brews are the best I have had. The pizza is always on point and you can't beat the staff. You will definitely not want to miss out on this place if you are anywhere close! Here is a quick tip, call, FB, or find out what they have on tap, if they have a fan fav, people tend to drink it up fast!
4	Fate Brewing Company brews small batch beers brewed on location. They have a rotating list of 10 Fate beers and space for two guest beers on tap. When I payed a visit, I ordered a beer flight and tasted five of their top beers that day. My favorite was the Coffee Milk Porter with coffee from Cartel Coffee Lab in the recipe! I took a growler home for the boyfriend to try! Travis gave me a tour of the brewery and introduced me to the brewer Adam! He's in charge of beer flavor creativity and I must say he does a good job! He started out in culinary school and found himself interested in brewing. The brewery also has a kitchen that specializes in wood-fired pizza. Yum!I can't wait to go back and see what beers they have on tap next!
4	Nice beers, you can tell a flavor profile through the available selections. ZERO complaints on the beer quality and flavor. Fiire oven pizza! You'll pay a little more for it for the size, but hey it's FIRE OVEN.Limited menu to pizzas n such.Service was exactly timely.Happy hour late afternoon has beers for $4.40. DEAL.I hear happy hour period is a zoo so get there early. I was there late evening.NORTH Scottsdale vibe.... if that's your sort of thing.Some people need to be kicked in the balls/cunny to loosen them up.Maybe I should get famous first I guess, cuz I already have the looks, just no movie credits. .. PUH.I prefer the approachable friendliness of SOUTH Scottsdale's Papago Brewing and Pig n Pickle. One day I'll come during happy hour party zone, they gotta be better than the sticks in the mud that were there when I was there.
4	Fate mixes together two of the finer things in life. Pizza and beer and they do a hell of a job at it. The fennel sausage pizza was great, love the goat cheese. The pesto pizza also a strong choice. The beers are all very good. Love the sours when they are available.
5	Place is the hometown brewery, excellent staff.Fate's brewers show tremendous creativity and willingness to take risk as demonstrated by the breadth and depth of beers brewed. The folks behind the bar are enthusiastic and knowledgeable about their product. They are always willing to let the timid or curious try a taste of something new and different!I learned to enjoy a good sour here. It's an entire range of beers I'd never liked before.Fate collaborates with other breweries to make some very tasty beers. Right now on tap are the 1055/Fate Into the Wind Sour Stout, and the Dragoon/Fate Infringement Pils with its 4 pounds of habanero chiles. And they're both well worth trying.The food is simple - only what can be done in a brick oven or cold. So it's pizzas (all good, very thin crispy crust) or simple sandwiches. Not on the current menu, but available if you ask, is the Molto Carne pizza, which is the carne plus kalamata olives. They make their own chile infused olive oil as a garnishment for the pizza or sandwich.Best deal is the Friday lunch special - small pizza and a salad for $10. Their salads are well done, not simple, I get the Fate salad with the spicy nuts and the Molto Carne.I highly recommend Fate Brewing Company!
5	I guess I'm one of those people who either hate it, love it, or dont write about it...but this place was amazing!  the restaurant is small but busy. the beer is great and the fire oven pizza is heaven. I was raving about it for days and I literally cant wait for my next cheat meal to go again!
2	I went to Fate for the first time yesterday. My wife and I had a sampler of five beers, which were not bad at all. However it was the service that really made me lower this rating. For example, one of the servers pulled up a bar stool and sat on it for an extended amount of time, talking to her boyfriend, the bar tender, while encroaching on my wife's personal space. In addition, the bar tender gave very little attention to my wife and I and wasn't even looking at us when we ordered a margarita pizza (which was ok tasting). The business was busy when we went, but with service like we received, it won't stay that way forever.
4	Double Oatmeal IPA was delicious, and the Red was really great too. There were lots of selections on tap, the atmosphere was great to surround yourself with friends, and the pies were reasonably priced, and delicious. I had the pablo honey- and it was outstanding. The wait staff seemed a bit overwhelmed, but handled it well. Overall, a good experience, good service, and good food.
5	One of my favorite breweries in AZ! Steve and his staff are so friendly and they allow dogs on the patio. I love their belgians, ales and IPAs.
4	Clean, comfortable, unpretentious neighborhood brewery. Loved the Bavarian pretzel.  The barrel aged porter is smooth.  Travis is knowledgeable and gregarious. Good place to hang with friends.  Spacious with a good vibe. Love the skateboard truck for a tap!
5	I, along with a few colleagues went to Fate based on a Google search...when we walked in, I didn't have great expectations as the place wasn't very busy.  I was the designated driver, so I didn't try any of the beers they had, but the wood fired pizza was amazing!  I got the Drunken Jess...only have one word to describe it...YUM!  also got the 'Twists of Fate'...their hot pretzels and beer cheese...oh my were these good!!!if in Scottsdale, you have to stop in...you will Not be disappointed.
5	Wow. This is the best milk stout I've ever tasted. Definitely coming back. Pizza was good too.
4	Finally made it to Fate. Don't always find myself up here, but after recent visits to N. MTN Microbrewery & SunUp I was damn well excited to be walking in. At the bar we tasted a sample of the Single Hop Sour which made my socks roll up and down - twice. Wow. Nice effervescence as well. A sample of the Irish Red - solid.  A sample of the Cream Ale came with an eye roll and recommendation to order the flight. I'm sharing the samples with my wife, mind you. No worries, we are humble people, and he did provide the Cream Ale, which was lovely. But I really really wanted a sample of the Am. Pale Ale. We huddled and hatched a bold plan - go with a 50/50 mixed pint of the Sour with the Am. Pale. We were counting on the Pale to be as awesome as the Sour, and also subdue it some, so my socks only rolled up & down once. Of course the real brilliance was that we didn't need to upset Donny Darko for another sample. Well DD wasn't impressed. He lowered his head as if in pain as he poured. I tried to brighten him up - 'you must get this request often, huh?'Sloooow painful shake of the head. 'Never'. Well buckle my chin strap if this wasn't a delightfully beautiful collision of deliciousness (and, truth be told, DD made it a 70/30 mix - no worries incentive to come back and experiment). I may never be forgiven by the Beer Gods of Etiquette (or the bartender) for my reckless behavior, but my taste buds keep asking me to go back. Hats off the the brewmaster. Fine selection indeed.
5	I absolutely love this place! I've been there several times and tried many beers, as they're always rotating. Everything is great (the Chili Milk Stout and the Strawberry Rhubarb have been my favorites). The food is also delicious; they recently changed their menu to include more than pizza. It can be a little pricy, but it's a great date spot.
4	We are here more often than the reviews I post. I think that beers deserve more hops than are to be found here. That being said, the low ibu milk stout was very good. My wife enjoyed the dessert. We will be back. As always, there was a nice group of customers.  The waiter was great: knowledgeable about the beer and attentive to the customers.
3	Drove 20 minutes last weekend to get my Fate growlette filled with their new Honey Double IPA.  The bartender said they only had one keg left and weren't filling any to-go orders.  In fact, they only had four Fate beers available and they were only filling jugs with the Sour IPA (which is nasty).  What's the difference if I sat at the bar and had two glasses of Honey Double IPA or filled my growlette with the same amount?  I wasted 40 minutes of driving.  There's a new brewery opening up the street soon.  I doubt I'll be going back to Fate anytime soon.
5	Here again enjoying the great beer. We're having the nuts and olives appetizer - we both agree that Fate should also offer a cheese board to compliment the spicy nuts and olives. Nice dry, nutty cheeses like Manchego.
1	Visited FATE for the first time last night. To put it simply, this place puts the FATE in fatal. "Micro" brewery should be taken very literally. It is a teeny tiny facility with a few tables and only two TVs. I went with the intention of watching a big football game but the bartender absolutely refused to change the station. The typical scottsdale dbag tending bar was extremely aloof and offered zero pleasantries. Upon assessing the first few minutes of my experience there I decided to take my business elsewhere. I look forward to seeing what opens in this location next & I have a feeling it will be very soon.
4	This local brewery is a must visit!The Food is incredible. The Breads n' Spreads are simply outstanding and the Chicken Ceasar is one of the best I've had around. The best of the best though is the Popper Pizza - it's lights out!The only reason it gets 4 stars instead of 5 is because they don't have a solid light beer. The cream ale (lightest) takes more like a pale ale with how hoppy it is. Either way I can usually find a good beer from another company on tap, but it would be perfect if they had their own solid light beer.
4	Went here and tried the Irish Red that they brew.....Not bad but I have had better. The pizza here though is unbelievable.
5	One of the best microbrewery in AZ. Wood fired pizzas are amazing and the beer is by far one of the best out there. Steve the owner and Adam the head brewer are always friendly and serve up great beers and food. If you have not been here, you are missing out!
5	Really enjoyed some happy hour appetizers and beers. I ordered the house brewed Irish red and loved it! My boyfriend opted for one of their guest beets. We appreciate the great selection. We also ordered one of the wood fired pizzas which was great! Thank you to our server AJ for being so prompt friendly and helpful! We will be back soon!
5	This is the perfect place for pizza and beer. I had the Jesse pizza and it was so delicious! I love the spicy oil that they serve with the pizza. Such a great local brewery!
5	We go there every week. The people are super friendly. The food is great and of course the beer is GREAT. Love those IPA's.
4	So I've been to this brewery a few times without writing any reviews so needless to say I was slacking, but after my visit last night I've gotta put this on my yelp.Finally tried their candy bar milk stout and I was not disappointed one bit. Definitely worth going back for, and filling a growler. The taste is pretty spot on with the name, at first my expectations were low because of previous milk stouts that tasted decent, but this one just put all those too shame!!The munchies came on quickly after that first sip, so had one of their staff pick wood oven baked pizzas. The variety of ingredients on the menu looked a little skeptical at first but just like their beer, after the first bite I was sold! Never had a bad time or experience there and don't see me having one there ever.
5	Love coming here! Delicious beer and the food is incredible!My boyfriend and I decided to try their weekly special a while ago instead of going with the pizza we usually get (the Jess) and are now addicted to the bees knees!!! Bring it back!!! It had arugula, bacon, a specialty cheese, and HONEY! It was incredible! They haven't had it since but went out of their way to make us something similar the last time we were in :D If you stop in here you have to get the pretzels they are the best!Cold beer, hot food, awesome service. Very laid back atmosphere!
5	Love it! Candy bar stout and Irish Nachos!! A must visit in Scottsdale worth the drive from Payson. Will be back soon
5	I spent the week of Thanksgiving in Phoenix visiting family, so naturally I wanted to try some of the new craft beers being produced in Phoenix.  I moved away from Arizona in 2005 and at that time the craft beer scene was as dry as [insert name of any wash/creek/stream in the Phoenix area here].  I currently live in one of the better known small town craft beer havens, and I routinely visit one of the others up north, so I've become a little bit spoiled when it comes to good beer.I will not name the other local brewers that I tried prior to visiting Fate, but I won't hesitate to say that I was becoming very disappointed in what Phoenix had to offer in the way of craft beer.  Unoriginal, uninspired, overly hopped IPAs; unoriginal, uninspired, flat pale ales; and drab, flavorless Hefes everywhere.  I had one of the worst Ambers I've ever had the displeasure of putting in my mouth.  I tried quite a few on draft, some from bottles, and some from cans...all less than impressive.  I had read good things about Fate and as fate would have it (see what I did there?), the last night of my trip allowed me, my sexy beer nerd fiancee, and my sister to make a trip to the brewery.Fate completely crushed every other brewer I tried while in town.  I started with a flight (Irish Red, Oatmeal Pale, Oatmeal Double IPA, Candy Bar Milk Stout, and a barrel aged double stout), all of them were flavorful, well-crafted, and easy to drink.  I went with a full pour of the Oatmeal Pale, it was that good.  I drank it while eating my delicious wood-fired pizza, it complimented perfectly.  For dessert, I went with a full pour of the barrel aged double stout.  It was definitely the winner of the night for me; aromatic, full-bodied, perfect balance of roast and sweet with just enough of a whiskey kick at the end to prove it was barrel aged.  It was surprisingly smooth for the high ABV.  Bottom line, if you truly love beer that is well made, tastes like it should, and won't leave you wishing you had just ordered a water and saved the $5-6, you must go to Fate.  They clearly know what they are doing and are producing the best beer I had while visiting the Valley.
4	Adding a bit of what else makes a venue special - it's the people and the service. Some of the staff that I've met include Fausto, Terry, A.J., Brandon, Travis, and Summer. Terry has moved on, but he was one great ex-dreadlocked barkeep. I think it was that he had to get married and get serious with life.Fausto, Travis and Summer are great, they remember who you are, they check back with you regularly, and they remember what you like. It's the follow-through when you're delivering an order, whether it's a single customer or a gaggle, a single beer or a feast, it's important to meet the customers' eyes when the product is delivered. There's nothing worse than having the employee set the order down but be talking or concentrating on someone else at that moment. Without that moment of connection, the delivery seems like an afterthought. I've rarely had to be on the other side of the transaction, so all i can say is I appreciate the demands on the employee, but as a customer, that' moment of connection makes me believe that the server knows that I'm there.The crowd gets bigger as the week moves on. Mondays and Tuesdays are quiet, even into Happy Hour. And by the way, the Happy Hour deals are good.Fate's my neighborhood brewery, I appreciate the work of McFate and his team for their entrepreneurial and beer-making skills and passion!
5	Well I gotta say I'm disappointed I didn't try this place sooner. Small menu but the main dish served which is pizza was great. Now we only tried one but assuming how good this one was I can only imagine the rest are swell. As far as the beers, well I tried three different ones. The irish red, American brown ale and double oatmeal ipa which were all amazing. Clear looking and very smooth tasting.
4	I went from giving 3 and 4 star reviews to just sharing tips, so when I post a review a few things are already evident. First it is a place worth sharing, it's an atmosphere and or menu worth mentioning, and somewhere I want others to enjoy. HERE YOU ARE!  Fate brewing North Scottsdale. Please come and find for yourself a little piece of culinary happiness, and a great brew.  Cheers
4	Went here for the first time a few weeks ago. Let me say for being a smaller brewery/restaurant they are doing it so right. There was not a beer that I had there which I did not like. In fact I loved the ones I had. They were so unique and different.  Also their pizzas are bursting with flavor and fresh ingredients. They also have a secret oil sauce that you can put on your pizza or anything you order that kicks up the flavor. Great place I am already planning a return trip.
4	A great little craft brew joint. The Pale Ales are spot on and the wife enjoyed the Extra stout. The pretzels are pretty much poetry twisted into luscious goodness with awesome beer cheese dipping sauce.You could tell there was a strong local following and the staff seemed to know most of them. That's what you look for when passing through. When you find it, you know you found a gem.
5	I really love their beer.  Pizza is great, too.  Probably one of the best breweries in Phoenix.
4	Great place.  However, as a Double Oatmeal IPA fan, I really wish this was on tap much more than it is.
4	My sister in law wanted to try this place so we checked it out for happy hour. I cooked professionally for about 12 years and I love the menu here. Good ribs, great wings and some other innovative combinations. We only had apps so want to go back for the entrees. Fresh tasting slaw too and large flavorful beers. We'll be back
5	Top notch beer. Excellent food. Friendly staff. Good prices. What else could you ask for?  Fate Brewing is awesome!
