5	Apparently they are under new management?  I don't know how they were before, but this place is very nice!  I love their decor, it's very home like.  They have comfortable chairs..((got a mani)) I'll have to go back and try their pedi and those chairs ((Althought I normally don't use massage chairs as they tend to hurt my back))Asked for Mani, it was $15.00.  When they massage your arms/hands they use this capaccino lotion, it smells SOOOOO good :)  My bf got a Mani too and his nails are pretty smooth considering.  ((most places doesn't make it too smooth for him on the corner but that's probably due to the way his nails grow out)) But it was pretty smooth.  They also asked if the length was okay before continuing on instead of just cutting it and waiting for you to say something.  Also all their stuff is sanitized and in those pouches that you normally see at the dentist office...sealed and all.  They are really friendly, somewhat quiet sometimes but they do try to make some convo, speaks English pretty well too.  When we walked in and sat down for Mani, they gave us a water bottle each, which was nice.  We didn't ask for one...and we didn't have to pay for it...it was a nice gesture :) Will be coming back :)  I enrolled in their rewards program...get $15 for every 250 points.  Not sure how the points are accumulated but I'm sure I'll be back enough times.  They also sell Gift Cards here (with the magnetic strip too!) So that'll be cool when they come in as a nice little gift to pamper yourself.
5	Just moved to las Vegas and couldn't find a place to do my nails i went to 5 different places and didn't like anyone of them as Im very picky decided to give this place a try my experience was wonderful the salon is clean they took me in right away the staff is friendly they treat u like family the girl who treated me knew exactly what i waned and overall the best experience I've had defently coming back in two weeks thanks guys!!! Never rated anything on yelp but decided to make an account to share my experience.....
5	Friendly staff, open to listening to what you want. Great selection of brands and color and the option to upgrade Mani & pedi options amazing ! I am so happy I found a new place in this area everything they use is brand new as far as supplies so no infections & their regular pedi includes a hot stone massage I am 100% returning to them !
5	I highly recommend this place!! Not only is the staff super friendly they are amazingly talented as well.  Mark and Amy go out of their way to make you feel welcomed.  The prices are very reasonable.  I work at a salon, and still come here for my nails.  If you are into nail art ask for Amy.  You won't be disappointed!!
5	I had a great experience here. The place was clean, cute and everyone was very friendly. I checked in on Yelp, got 10% off, and signed up for their return customer program... Refer someone and get 20% off and the referred person gets 10% off, then when you spend $250 (in total of all appointments) they give you $15 off.  I think it's smart of them to have a referral program because I never have a set place, I just go to whatever is closest to me at the time.  I definitely recommend trying them!!  I enjoyed my experience here.  I'll be back in a few weeks!
5	This salon deserves 5 stars for a lot of reasons. The staff is very nice and accommodating, prices are very reasonable/fair, and they do a very thorough job! I went in for a gel manicure and regular pedicure and they spent 2 hours on me (gel mani=$35, pedi=$25)! The entire time I felt pampered and relaxed and I left with the best mani/pedi I have ever received. Also, they massaged my arms and legs and gave me a rewards card. It's clear they deliver excellent customer service because I had a wonderful time and it seemed as though every customer in there was a regular. Definitely worth every penny.
5	This nail salon is the best in Vegas!! The owners Amy and Mark are awesome!!! I started going here when it was under different management which service was ok, but now under Amy and Mark service is exceptionally EXCELLENT! The place is super clean and all the nail tools they use are sanitized and sealed before it's used on the next customer. The spa pedicures are awesome they have the most comfortable spa pedicure chairs. The pedicures they give are so relaxing they use hot stones to message your feet and let me tell you it feels great! Every time I go I'm there at least 2 1/2 hours. I get spa pedicure, manicure with gel nail polish and eyebrow wax. They also have the best selections of gel nail polish in Vegas and they do a great job!! My gel nail polish lasts anywhere from 3-4 weeks and looks great even on the 3rd week!! The atmosphere is so relaxing and they offer you bottled water. They also have a rewards program you get $15 off after 250 points used and if you refer someone you get 20% off and the person you refer gets 10% off!! I can go on and on about this please you just have to come check it out for yourself!!! :)  I get my services done with Amy but anyone that works there is great!!!!
1	Horrible!I didnt have time to drive to my usual place, so i end up here. Woman who was doing my nails was inexperienced and slow.First she burned my toe trying to massage it with the hot stone! Then she cut my me. When i asked her to put some sanitizer on it, she got angry, started arguing with me that is not necassary and made a comment in Vietnamese language to another employee working next to her....Really? You gonna talk crap in foreighn language right in front of me? They should not be allowed to speak any other language than English in front of customers on a first place, its disrespectful!I asked for the french pedicure, she couldnt get the white tip to look nice, had to redo it a few times. The pedicure alone took 2 hours!I refused to let her do my manicure. The other person who did my manicure was decent, but my mood was completely ruined.I adressed my dissapointment to the guy who seemed to be in charge. He said he could redo my pedicure (after i spent so much time here already....no, thank you), but did not even apologized.In addition this place is pricey.Wouldnt recommend to anybody!
5	Very clean and a very friendly staff. They were very patient and did a great job on my nails. Plus tons of gel colors to choose from. I will definitely be going back for my next acrylic fill/ gel polish.
5	Was visiting my step-daughter/granddaughter and I wanted to treat them for a fun 'girl day'.  I was so lucky to find this place, after reading all the great reviews we made our reservation. OMG! We were treated like royalty.  Bad news is I am not from Las Vegas so won't be able to go back until July and will definitely go back.  Mark did my manicure while the girls had gels (now I might try) and the wonderful pedicure, one chocolate and the other strawberry.  I'll be sending them gift certificates for this place for sure!  WONDERFUL, CLEAN, POLITE, RELAXING MUSIC.....
5	The best nail salon!  It is reasonably priced and there are opportunities to receive rewards and discounts!  The nail technicians really make an effort to give great service. The atmosphere is calm and peaceful. I went to this other nail salon for years and after my first time at Creative Nails I never looked back!
4	Overall, I'm really happy with my experience at Creative Nails. I got a standard mani/pedi, which included a hot stone massage as part of the pedicure. The nail technician was super meticulous. I went with two friends who both got gel manicures--they had a TON of gel colors, so if you're looking for lots of gel options, I would give this place a go. My friends' nails turned out great. My only complaint: despite making an appointment for my two friends and myself, they were a little late and it took a long time. It would have been nice to sit with my friends and chat while we got our nails done, but other than, this is a great little place to get your nails done. $37 for a mani/pedi isn't too bad either!
5	The most professional owners and staffs I have ever met.   I never received a manicure or pedicure before and was reluctant to try.  However, after being dragged by my female friend to Creative, I was greeted by Amy and her friendly staffs and felt welcomed.  All my fears and questions were calmed and answered during the educational and enjoyable process as I've received a quick lesson on "hang nails and nail care which made me a believer in their professional abilities.  They did an excellent job and I received many compliments at the party I attended later that night.  I would whole hardheartedly recommend Creative Nails to everyone and will be back next week Thanks for the Excellent Service!
4	I have a bad habit of biting my nails, so I've been trying to make them pretty so I stop chomping away. Earlier this month, my best friend had her wedding and that gave me the opportunity to get a gel manicure done at another nail salon. Creative nails is conveniently located near my house, so I swung by to get a touch up on my nails. I walked in and saw that the place was packed. I was asked to come back later in the day (2 hours later). I agreed and made an appointment for 3:30 PM. I came back at 3:30 only to find out that all of the technicians were booked. I waited for about 20 minutes until a technician was free. I was a tad annoyed by this, but decided to keep my cool since I've read praise after praise on Yelp. I had a specific nail design in mind when I walked in. I wanted glitter ombre nails in a neutral color. I noticed that this design wasn't part of their samples so I pulled up a couple pictures and showed the technician. After scratching his head for a few minutes (I'll be honest, I got a little nervous by this), he went to his cabinet with another technician and picked out the gel color and the glitter. I'm pretty sure this was his first time doing something like this. I do have to say though, the end result was phenomenal and my nails look oh so sparkly and beautiful. I love how Creative Nails is active on Facebook and Yelp. For checking in, I got the "30% off gel manicure for first time clients" deal. Awesome! They also enrolled me in their rewards program, in which you get discounts for referrals. They offer their clients a free bottled water. Needless to say, I was super impressed with their customer service. Oh and P.S. - whatever lotion they use to lather you up for the mini-massage smells so nice!
5	We tried Creative Nails out because of all the great reviews on yelp.  We love it! Clean, friendly and very busy! They take a lot of time on your nails. They also honored the gel manicure 30% off with no questions asked.  Very reasonable prices and did I say how CLEAN they are?!!
4	Mmmmmm I will have to go in for round two to give this place a proper review but for now this is what I have (ANDI was my clinician) :Pros:Regular pricing for gels- awesome first time client special for Yelpers.Gel designs ARE CREATIVE hence the name ;)Staff is politeVariety of nail polishes3D designsHot stone pedi'sCons:Wait was long even with an apt- Forget about going on the weekend! their packed!Pedicare was not that great and the seats were not that comfortableI didn't like the set up for seatingStaff doesnt listen to what you want, they really push you to convince you to get something other than what you asked for. After my manicure, I was bugged that my clinician did not buff my nails  or even the surface and worse was that some of my nails were uneven, I would have had them fix it but since I was already there almost 3 hours I just wanted to be done already. On the plus side my Gel's lasted 3 weeks and I had a lot of compliments. Even though, I didn't get the design I wanted, the recommendation my clinician gave me actually turned out to look nice- I guess im just basing my opinion on the principle that it should always be what the customer wants and not what the clinician thinks they want, but like I said, I received lots of compliments so I suppose it wasn't that bad huh?
5	First time visiting & won't be my last, Sunny did a excellent job on my Gel Mani & Pedi, I am very picky & I am extremely satisfied, awesome polish job & very relaxing, thank you!!!!
5	Best Nail Salon in Las Vegas! The salon is so zen and the customer service is amazing! I send anybody that mentions nails here. I have been in Las Vegas for 18 years and gone to many salons, this is the best! They have a huge assortment of gels colors and a rewards program as well. So many good things to list
5	yay!!! i found a new nail salon!TONS of color to choose from, especially glitter gel ! I called an hour before and got an appointment. i arrive and it was super packed, so got nervous thinking id be rushed or felt like a pain for having an appointment, but was happily surprised. I was offered water, greeted friendly, and kim my nail tech really took her time and my nails came out great. got a full set pink and white. no hidden fees or upgrades with hidden upgrade prices, and left with smooth prettynails, friendly conversation, things were clean and well put together. recommending plenty of people, and they have a points system
5	I'm incredibly picky about how I like my nails done. I have a confession to make- I am an avid nail biter. I just can't give it up, I've never outgrown it, and even though it's disgusting, every time I try to quit I realize that biting them makes me happy enough to just keep on with the habit.Thankfully, Creative Nails keeps me from looking like a tweaker/6 year old. Or a 6 year old tweaker. What? Anyway, I always request my nails to look natural, because the whole point of getting them done for me, is to look like I don't bite them. I get a full pink and white set, and they do the best job out of anywhere I've ever been in Vegas!When you first come in, they're very friendly, someone acknowledges you immediately, and offers you a bottle of water. Awesome! All of their technicians are top notch under the watchful eye of Amy and her husband who own the salon. You see them walking around inspecting their technicians work, and they're really tough on them. It definitely pays off though! This is the only salon I've been to where I can tell them what I want, and they agree with me. They don't tell me I want my nails long, that I want more white, that I need the acrylic to be pink- they know the customer is always right! I can't even explain how refreshing that is!Although they offer a varied array of pedicures for when you want to treat yourself, I go for the basic pedicure as my monthly maintenance. It is amazing! They're so meticulous and really take their time with you. They also give a hot stone massage- for the basic pedicure! That's more outrageous than a 6 year old tweaker! Their color selection is fantastic for regular polish and gel alike. They can also do some amazing nail art if that's your thing.Come here if you like having control over what your nails look like. Come here if you like getting a great value. Come here if you want a salon that values your time by not wasting it. Amy is the best and keeps my nails looking fantastic! Appointments are recommended as they do get very busy. They also have a frequent customer card so you can earn discounts! Bonus!
3	I came here because of the great Yelp reviews. Unfortunately I was not wow'ed. I did a full set with a hot pink tip. I asked for the nail bed to be clear. For some reason it came  out foggy. The pink now looks like a baby pink. I have never had this happen. The nail beds are not clear. They are almost white. The lady who did my nails was very nice though. I'll most likely give this place one more try since my mom loved it here and many of you Yelpers love it as well.
5	The people at Creative nails are very nice an do a wonderful job.  Great prices and love the designs they do on my nails.
5	I found this salon by searching online for the best nail salon in Las Vegas after being very dissatisfied with other salons I have been to.  I called right away after reading the reviews and was very pleased to get an appointment the same day.  When I walked in I was greeted and quickly seated with Mark.  I was offered water and felt very comfortable the minute I walked in.  I was very undecided on what I wanted but Mark was patient and helped me decide.  I am very picky when it comes to my nails, I hate it when they come out thick and not very natural looking.  Mark did a fantastic job on my nails.  They came out just as I asked him to do.  I highly recommend this salon and I will be going back again.  I also got a pedicure that was very nice.  I truly enjoyed my experience at this salon and highly recommend Mark to do your nails.  I live across town and don't mind the jog at all for exceptional work.   Thank you for the great service and great work!!
5	This place is by far THEE best place I have ever been to. The atmosphere was welcoming and relaxing, the service was friendly and professional, AND my nails turned out PERFECT. Thanks to Lily my feet were cared for more than they have ever been before during my pedi. I had a picture of what I wanted my nails to look like and Lily went above and beyond what I wanted for my mani. The receptionist was also super nice and helped me pick out perfect colors. There was so much time and care spent on me it was an absolutely perfect experience. HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. I'd give more stars if I could.
5	OH MY GOD I am so happy because I eventually found the best nail salon and the best nail artist, Amy in Las Vegas!! I am very picky but my gels manicure is flawless and perfect! The Salon is clean, organized and the staff are very professionally dressed in uniforms! I recommend this place to the ones who are perfectionist!
5	Every time I go in there, they always remember me. This was only my third trip (maybe forth) but I only go in once every few months. I mean my second trip (which was several months later) they remembered me by name. Wow! I always feel like V.I.P. there. GREAT STAFF! Lynn did my nails this time. I was asked to pick out the colors I wanted (I picked two) and Lynn suggested I switch one of the colors to something she picked out. Not the colors I would choose to go together myself, but I left it to the professional.... And I love them. Very happy I went along with her recommendation of colors! So far I've got a full set, gels, mani & pedi and it's done to perfection every time!  I won't go anywhere else!
2	On the good side, they have very friendly staff and a nice selection of colors.  However, my pedicure was a bit too aggressive as I ended up with a small scab on the top of one toe and two slightly puffy pink spots where the cuticles had been trimmed too far.  Usually when I get a new pedicure, I am anxious to show it off, but this time I have to give my skin a day or two to heal before I can show off the new color.  And that is not what I would expect from a  good pedicure.
5	Great place! Went here for the first time after work and they didn't rush even though the appointment went after hours.
5	You should get your nails done here!! I got a great spa pedi by Diane!!! This spot is clean with a huge color selection of both gel & regular polish. Nice pedicure chairs. There's even a cute crystal chandelier.  It was fairly crowded so I would suggest making an appointment but they were also taking walk ins as well. There were a few customers getting gels but the place doesn't smell like chemicals at all. I was so embarrassed cause I lost my debit card (I found it at home thank goodness) and they let my husband give a card over the phone!!! Talk about great customer service!!!! I really appreciated that!! I'll be back again...but I'll make sure I have cash or a card this time lol.
2	Went in for a pink/white fill by Sunny. The prices are decent, it is very clean but my nails were horrible. The white was not pure white & had dingy spots in it, they were very thick & oddly shaped (did not look like a natural nail shape).   The evening I was there, Amy was quite the attraction hopping from table to table...they were very busy so they must be doing something right....it's just not acrylics!  Will not go back.
5	so happy that I m doing nail here~ they r friendly. I feel relax here, they have slow soft music as background music. love here I will come visit again
5	The owner greets me by name every time I walk in. My gel nails last 2-3 weeks always, without chipping.  I am happy every time I walk out of there. They are often busy in evenings, so best to go in the morning or make an appointment.
5	I love this place, I always see Andy for my pedicures and gel manicures and every time my nails look amazing! All of the staff is very friendly and accommodating, I will not go anywhere else!
3	First review on Yelp!  Mixed feelings about this place.  I came here because of the rave reviews from people but it could have been better.  I went in for a full set ($47) and a spa pedi ($35).  My pedi was amazing.  I feel terrible because I can't remember my techs name.  He was great.  It involved a soak, callus treatment, scrub, massage, mask and just about the best foot/leg massage I've ever had.  Now, I had a different tech for my full set.  I had the CND Solar Pink and Whites and it was okay.  No hand massage or anything special.  Now, I'm paying $47 for this and was a bit irritated that it was so blah.  My tech was more talkative than the pedi guy and actually had me cracking up but I didn't come for the comedy.  It's now a week later and my full set looks TERRIBLE.  My edges are lifted and since they're pink and whites, you can see all the lifting  They actually started lifting after 3 days.  I hate that I'm on vacay and I have to find a nail place to fix them.  ***EDIT*** A couple hours after I posted this review, Amy from Creative Nails gave me a call to apologize and offer me another a full set (or I guess a fill).  I think it's great that she did that and I definitely appreciate it but I still probably won't come back.
5	Top notch service every time!This is the only salon I will go to. Very clean and very friendly staff. Ask for Andy, he's my favorite.  He's great all around. Personable and very skillful.
4	Haven't gotten my nails done in a looong time & went to Creative Nails for my 1st gel mani/ pedi.  Everyone was super-friendly, attentive & they created a fun atmosphere.  No wait & the establishment was very clean!  The best part; Creative Nails paid attention to details & ensured a memorable experience.
3	Sunny (spelling) is the Man who does my nails. He's skilled, pays attention to shape and detail, and keeps me cracking up. However, I suggest an appointment be made, as a walk in you're liable to have a wait of 45 minutes or more. But they are definitely worth the wait!
4	Went here today and was very impressed.  I had an organic pedicure which was awesome with gel polish and my toes have never looked better.  Then I showed Ann my last manicure I got somewhere else and it was awful.  She proceeded to fix it and I just love it now.  Thank you Ann, I will be back, great experience!
4	Outside of the fancy salons inside resort casinos in Las Vegas, this was the first and now the only nail salon I feel confident in going to.  I went to them based on other Yelp reviews.   I have basic mani/pedi needs and this salon is clean, well decorated and welcoming. I have gone multiple times now and continue to be very satisfied with my service.  Bruce in particular has always given me great service,  but all technicians and staff seem friendly, competent, qualified and grateful for my business.  I continue to simply Walk In versus making an appointment, but know the salon is busy and clearly popular....a good sign of happy customers showing patronage to a good business.
5	Had a great mani/pedi today with Lily!  Very nice and friendly!  It was my first time getting gels! And I love them!  They have TON of colors to choose from! Everyone in there seemed friendly and attentive to their clients!  I walked in but will probably make an appointment next time just to be on the safe side as it was quite busy when I first walked in!
5	Ever since having moved from CA to Vegas a year ago, I spent months hopping from salon to salon, technician to technician til I landed here, and I'm staying!I always go to Vivian. She is super professional, fast, efficient but very detail oriented and careful with your nails. She's never rude, never gets butthurt if you ask her to change something, and most importantly, she really does pay attention to overall nail shape. I can't stand lumpy or mishapen nails.I highly highly recommend scheduling with her but DO schedule, it's hard to get a walk in with her but it's totally worth it
5	Staff is friendly & helpful! All mani/ pedi tools come packaged and sealed!  Very professional staff! Only place in Vegas I will ever go to
5	Best nail salon in Las Vegas. Great customer service and serene environment. Mark and Amy are the best. They give water to their customers and have so many different colors to choose from.
5	After trying a handful of different nail salons I'm finally able to say that I found my spot.  Everyone there is really nice and their gel and polish selection is pretty obscene.  I tend to like obscene so it works out for me.  I have only good things to say about this place and the staff!
5	I found this amazing little place and I fell in love. I got a gel mani and a regular pedi. I have never ever had a more perfect mani and pedi. I highly recommend you and your friends check this place out ASAP!  The employees make it fun! And don't even get me started on the selection of polishes and gels! It's like nail salon heaven! Seriously, with all the time you just wasted reading my review, you could be the envy of your friends! Hurry and check it out! Amazing!
2	They are always super busy and when they get busy they rush things. I had gel soaked off and my nails are still in poor condition 1 week after. They felt awful right after - super dry with cracked ridges. Also when they cut my nails I had sharp edges because they only filed my nails for a few seconds... because they were in a rush. When they put on the gel it was great, but I would go somewhere else to take it off. They do use new instruments each time and their massage chairs are nice.
5	Came in for a mani/pedi and was placed with Andy, I was very pleased with his service. He was very attentive, periodically checking to see if I was happy with the length, shape, color and service in general. He paid attention to detail and was very kind, I am extremely happy with my nails and will definitely return to this salon.
5	HANDS DOWN ( pun intended) my favorite nail place!!! Today was my 6th time there and as usual I'm leaving totally in love with my nails and feet!!!! This is my 5th appointment with Lily although I have had services by other employees who did wonderful work as well! For years I have had pink & white acrylics - sometimes I've liked them, other times they've been "good enough" or "fine" but I have never LOVED my nails until now! Lily recommended I try doing regular acrylic but with a gel French manicure over it. She stated it would look "fresh" longer and she was absolutely right!!!  (and no annoying Backfill to deal with!)  I also get the pedi cure which lasts longer then normal polish pedicures! They have a HUGE selection of regular & gel colors. All of the staff is super friendly, professional & the owners make sure that you are taken care of and are satisfied with the services. Make sure to check in with Yelp for a special 10% off of $50or more in services. They also offer rewards for frequent customers!
5	I'm rejuvenated and relaxed I use to frequent this salon two years ago and then moved from this end of town. I'm in North Las Vegas now and it seems all the salons are non English speaking.I took a leap of faith and went back to this salon. What a great decision I made. I requested a male nail technician due to the fact that it had been awhile since my feet had been properly pedicured. And the ladies seem to take it easy on me.I was greeted by the salon receptionist and was offered a beverage my pedi bowl was drawn and I was promptly seated for my Royal pedicure. My technician was the very polite Bruce. He took his time and applied all the courses of the spa pedi and basically refurbished my feet. I complemented him on his patients to service my feet and thanked him for not rushing his response was. I enjoy cleaning and working on feet. We discussed further maintenance on my feet and the importance of me coming back twice a month. He made me feel so comfortable and my feet were soft as a baby's ass when he finished. He then walked me over to the manicure table and gave me an equally comforting mani. I now have a manicurist that will service me going forward. Bruce is a professional the facility is spotless and the cliental is upscale. None of that getto booty bumping music. A first class experience . Ill be back!!!!! And I strongly recommend this salon to any male that mans capes !!!!!!!!!!
1	First time getting a pedi here and it will be my last. The nail tech I had claimed he was an expert on pedicures. Some expert you are when you only file the toes on ONE foot and you can't even file it straight. Paint job was sloppy and I can see clumps of polish on my toes. Even the top coat doesn't cover the full nail. I also have 2 ingrown toenails which he didn't bother to get out. Once I got home I had to cut& file and add a top coat to the areas he missed. What a waste of 25 bucks. Definitely won't be back.
1	I use to enjoy this place alot, I would recommend it to my mom and friends but my last experience really changed my mindset on this place. I guess I can be considered a usual here since I've been coming to this place for a few months; so a week ago I came in for a gel and they all lifted!! I don't do any hand work that would make them lift like how they did. I'm so upset... I didn't pay for my nails to only last for a week. I called in told them the situation and they gave me a like "what do you want us to do about it tone".. I expected so much more from this nail salon. They offered to fix it but I'm not sure if they meant for free or not, but regardless I won't be coming back anymore. I'm usually not the type to complain, even though sometimes I would leave the nail salon not satisfied, the owners vibe is kind of fake; but they always have to I suppose since it is their business. This place can either be a hit or a miss, hopefully everyone else has a better experience than I did.Also it could be a bit pricey, I remember I asked Amy for the heart tip design (which is easier than a french tip) & she wanted to charge 10$ for that.EDIT: So the owner messaged me, she said she was sorry for what happened, but then she went on telling me about how I was a difficult customer?!!!Let me tell you guys a story.I made a appointment with Amy in the past and when I arrived she just got done with another customer, but she told me she was feeling "ill" so she sent me to another nail tech inside the salon. Even though I didn't want my nails done by another person, I went along with it. SO in the message Amy told me that her employee gave up on me because she was shaping my nails for an hour? Uh 1. that's a lie 2. she couldn't even speak english so that's why she was having such a difficult time with me!! Seriously not my problem that your tech couldn't speak english, how dare do you put the blame on me.  Amy took over after she shaped my nails, because as I said she gave up well then I thought creative nails motto was they take their time with their customers, and they don't rush but yet the owner is now telling me this?! The set of nails they were doing for that  appointment was for my prom too, so of course I want it perfect. Amy also basically implied that I was cheap because I mentioned the heart tips being to expensive. I can't be take cheap if I go get my nails done every two weeks, but for me that was just too expensive. I CANNOT believe the stuff she said in the message she sent me it just makes me hate this place now. Yes, she may be good at what she does, but the way she spoke to me drove me far far away. There is plenty of nail shops in Vegas, and she told me to go to a cheaper nail salon if I didn't want to go to hers. I don't know about a cheaper one, but for sure a different one.
4	Just tried this place and I am happy =] I got a color change on my toes the nail technician helped me choose a color and it's a nice sexy red. I also got the gel manicure perfectly done. The atmosphere is great and I feel welcome will be returning. They also have a rewards program which is an added bonus.
3	My experience with this place is just okay. I liked the service. Pedicure felt really nice. They do a hot stone massage at the end of the pedicure. Manicure was just okay. What really aggravated me was the workers. This one guy was servicing me while his friend who also works there was servicing another customer. The friend would not shut up! He kept going on and on about his personal life and how he was serving a customer once and she looked like a stripper and his wife said she was pretty and that would have a threesome with her in their native language. Then come to find out that that stripper actually spoke the same language..... that's just too much info, especially when it's a place where it's suppose to be relaxing. The friend's customer kept telling him to focus. My guy was okay. He just laughed and agreed.....All in all, service was good just wasn't exactly what I wanted to spend my Sunday hearing especially when I'm trying to relax on my days off of work.
5	Amazing! The salon is clean. The staff is nice. The service was wonderful. What more could I ask from a salon? Prices are moderately priced, but they really took their time to get things done correctly. $25 for basic pedicure. I would definitely recommend this place. Been looking for the perfect salon, and I think I found a keeper.
5	I was skeptical about going here, but so glad I did. The deluxe pedi with hot stone rub and mask is so well worth the extra $10. The fill I got and Rockstar gel was great. Kat and Lynn really took their time and are very detailed. As well as the atmosphere is very nice and clean. All employees were very friendly. I have been to probably over 50 nail salons and I will never go to another from now on. Thanks Creative Nails.
3	The reservationist was just a sweetheart. Everyone there was very nice. My gel manicure looked great, but after a week and a half I already need them filled. Maybe my nails grow fast, or they didn't push back my cuticles far enough. I am not an expert. Even with the discount it is too expensive to have to fill in less than 2 weeks. I would go back, but it is out of my budget.
5	I have been here twice now and both times were great experiences. The most recent time I went, I was being a little picky and Jenny and Eva were both being so helpful to make sure I was satisfied!The only thing I did not like was that I had booked appointments for my friend and I and I had to sit at the pedicure chair while Jenny stood and did my nails. It was strange because I had to keep the bowl in my lap. Then once a station opened up, we moved. It did not affect the quality of her work but it was just not something I'm used to doing when not getting a pedicure as well. The end result is fabulous and the first time I got my gels done, they lasted me almost 2 months. Obviously they grew out but I was traveling and could not soak them of so it was nice that they just grew out to French tips.
5	Best nail spa in town!  I can't imagine going anywhere else!  They use fresh tools for each person, the people are friendly and the music is extremely calming!!
5	This is a great nail shop. The front desk ladies are always friendly and polite. They have every possible color and design that you could ever imagine for your nails and toes! I'm pretty new to Vegas and I know that there are nail shops on every corner here, but creative nails is the place to go :)
1	Lily is no longer here & has moved to LV Nails & Spa in Henderson ( owned by the previous owners of Creative Nails!)
1	This was the worst experience I've had at a nail salon.   I left with gel color that didn't match the chip, jagged nails, and a stressed feeling since they overbooked appointments. I'm not a high maintenance human being but I expected that a manicurist do better than I could myself.
3	When I first started going to creative nails, back in May, the service was wonderful.  I had had an issue with my nails lifting, I went back in and they were perfectly obliged to fix them, which I was appreciative of. Now days in not so pleased with them.  A couple of the workers talk way to much about not so interesting things.  I go to a nail salon as a treat to help me relax, not to listen to a steady stream of nonsense.  I can do that at the bar I work at and get paid to listen.   Also, they have gotten into a habit of passing people around, which is fine if the end result is me getting out faster, but it seems to take way longer.  I know they can do better, therefor I still go in, but I would like to see them step it back up.  The end result is nice nails and the color options are great.
5	I had an appointment at TLC Nails and they wanted to charge me $37.00 for a full set when I had brought my own quality glitter tips. I went over to Creative Nails and they gave me a very reasonable price and EXCELLENT service. John did my nails and he did an excellent job. I am so impressed with the professionalism and the service at Creative Nails. I cannot recommend them enough. I used to go to Polished and I am so happy I found Creative Nails. As long as I live in Las Vegas, I will definitely be going to Creative Nails for glitter tips, glitter back fills, pedicures, etc.
1	UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT......John, the new owner, seems to favor the chop shop business model. Reusing files, not washing the tubs, charging for every little thing, and shitty work. I prefer the customer focused model from the Mark and Amy days. I'm following Lilly over to LV Nails on Eastern.
5	Coming here before Christmas happy holiday* Nick is nice and did my Nails perfect :) thank u so much*
1	Creative nails is not the same anymore. I stopped coming here.
2	Update to previous review. My mother and I come here all the time. They switched management lately and it shows. The girl who did my nails was nice enough but after 4 days my gel nails lifted and one already peeled off. The color wasn't even and work was dodgy. Just not good at all. I don't think they used new implements like they did under the previous owners.  The most annoying thing are the two guys who donT shut up and talk non-sense the whole time. I wish them the best but we won't be returning here.
5	I've only been here once. I got a gel french manicure and a cute red glittery pedicure called the 'NuPedi' with an extra hot stone massage. I highly recommend this to any ladies looking for a great quality manicure/pedicure that have an extra penny to spend.It's been more than a week and both my nails and toes look like they were JUST done. I've had gelish manicures done before that chip within a week.I highly recommend Andy/Eddie? He had great service and was consistently asking me if I was doing well and ensuring I was comfortable. The business is clean and mindful of the energy in the establishment playing classical music I could almost fall right asleep :)
1	If I could rate this lower than 1 star,  I would.  They completely over charged me, and it was very obvious they did it too.Do not go here.
4	Just wanted to do a quick update since the 2 star review from last time. I went in because my hubby got a gift card and figured give them another chance. They were great. The annoying guys were pretty quiet and the girl Vicky that did my nails did a fantastic job. Andy, Vicky and Vivian are the best so far. The atmosphere was nice again like it use to be. Maybe they just had a few rough months transitioning. They're human after all!! I also got 15% off for next visit since I spent $250.  Thanks  Vicky you are great :))
1	I've been coming here for two years. The staff has pretty much stayed the same.  The last two times I was here were a disaster and I have no intention of going back.  The last time I was here The man doing my pedicure left my toe so raw from rubbing that I had a scab on it for several days and I was uncomfortable wearing shoes.  It's winter and it's cold so sandals were not a good option.  The gel manicure I got was not what I had asked for either.  I asked for a gel manicure beige #2 with fading diamond.  I was told that I had to choose something else since they were out of beige #2.  I said OK, let's do a French manicure with fading diamond.  He did a French only.  The manager said he didn't charge me extra for the French manicure (which I didn't want) and that he would give me a discount on my next manicure.  I called yesterday and made an appointment for 10 AM today. I showed up and only the janitorial staff was there.  They don't open until 11 AM.  I came back at 11 AM and was told that I was on the schedule for 2 PM.  I told them that I wanted a gel manicure beige #2 with fading diamond.  I was told they didn't have enough time to do that.  I told them I was done and walked out.  If it wasn't for these experiences, I would have given them 4 stars.  I've recommended Creative Nails in the past, I've brought my mother here and I've been getting a gel manicure and a pedicure here for about two years.  This is supposed to be a fun experience to make me feel goo and pampered, not stressed and frustrated.  I already lived with a manicure I didn't want and I was being asked to do it again because of their poor planning.  This is not reasonable.  Lastly, I had my eyebrows done here last time and the lady took 4 phone calls while doing my eyebrows.  How do you think they turned out?
5	I love this place...Have been coming often for quite some time and haven't had a bad experience yet.Gel manicures and pedicures is usually what I get. Reasonably priced for great service.
1	I was NOT happy!!! I made a 5:45pm app to get fill & pedi. & got there at the time of app. Lady sat me down in pedicure chair & didn't start on my feet till 630. That was so unprofessional not only that but had the nerve to say they close at 7pm so now couldn't do my nails ! Like are u serious! Worst service ever!!!! What is the point of a appointment if they can't keep it! All & all so disappointed & pedicure wasn't even good !!!
5	John did my nails ..I love this place..I was a walk in and they got me right in.!!! the staff is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!! I would recommend this place to everyone.
5	Creative Nails is still the best!  I've never seen a nail salon that cares as much about customer service as this one. They really take the time to give you exactly what you want (especially David!). Once again I am one happy customer :)  Can't wait for my next appointment!
2	Had the WORST experience tonight which makes me sad to say because normally I have the most amazing time all because of Sun who is on vacation so I got stuck with someone else! So this is WHY I left a $2 tip on $40...first of all I made an appointment for a regular fill which in the middle of it he just starts taking off my nails telling me I need a new set, so I then agree & say I'll just get a regular manicure no new set or abutting! He then decides to do gel so when I go pick out a regular color I can't because he already started doing jel, he then tells me we're doing a gel manicure because it lasts longer... which I know is more money but I really didn't have a choice did I?! So frustrated! I then get one design & he charges me $5! This irritates me because I feel as if he was just trying to get more $$ I already know how much everything is, I clearly told him I'm on a budget which I guess didn't really matter so now he knows why he's lucky he got 2! When I'm leaving with nothing I came in wanting & less $$ in my wallet! I'll never go back unless it's with sun
1	So I'm writing this review after my second visit to Creative Nail. The first experience was horrible!!!! From the beginning to the end, but it was also a busy Saturday and I had friends from work beg me to give this place a second chance.   I thought this time would be different. I was greeted and asked to sign in. They told me to pick a color. I replied, I'd like black matte on my hands and feet. Because this requires a special topcoat I sat and waited my turn. The woman that began getting me ready for my pedicure must have had a regular come in because without warning she got up and took care of another lady. I say in my chair waiting. A while later a man sat down and began the process again. He said nothing to me. Halfway thru my pedicure he asked the woman something (not in English).. I assumed it had something to do with my polish because he then got it and continued.   At the beginning when the woman was servicing me I picked a deluxe option to upgrade my pedicure. This included a scrub and mask. He applied the mask. Painted my toes, then told me to go to a manicure station. The mask was still on my legs with towels. As I began to walk the towels fell. This messed up my polish on my feet. He fixed it, but seemed irritated with me. The manicure station was between stations and kinda in a corner. It was difficult for me to get there because of all the chairs and carts in the way. He halfway wiped the mask off my legs and began my manicure.   The entire process was rough and rushed. My hand massage was quick and dry! And the polish job was extremely sloppy. At this point I'm over it and ready to leave. Again I have been treated much differently than all the other women and men (there was a guy this time getting a pedicure). I'm sorry I gave this place a second chance. I could go on but I'll let the pics I post speak for how poorly I was serviced.
4	I have tried this place twice. Both times I have had regular spa pedicures, and gel manicures. I attempted to be a walkin on my first visit. I had to make an appointment for a few hours later. On my second trip I just saved myself the hassle and called ahead. Both times I was greeted by a very sweet receptionist who when asked was very helpful at picking out colors:-) It is very clean. My nail tech the first time did a great job on my two favs 1. Massage 2. callus removal. They incorporate a hot stone massage with every pedicure #heavenly:-) I didn't get either persons name , but the first was a lady and the second a man. The man gave a super short massage :-( For $35 I expect more in that respect. My nails look gorgeous, which in this town is ridiculously important, I just wanted a better massage. ESPECIALLY FOR $35....The callus removal is very good, and gentle. The staff are very polite, and there is none of the ghetto vibe associated with many nail shops. In summation: Nice place. Good overall product. Maybe need to work on the massage.
5	I've been getting my nails done for as long as I can remember.  I've been to numerous nail salons rated from the bottom all the way to the top.  I've had plenty of horrible experiences but I was referred to Creative Nails and from the first day I went there I was absolutely impressed.  It's a small nail place but the staff is very friendly.  I go to Sonny each time and he is hilarious and does a great job. Thanks Sonny! Recently I went and Bruce did my nails (because Sonny was out of town) and he did an amazing job as well.Will definitely recommend this nail place to anyone who asks. :)
5	The best place to go relax and pamper yourself. Ive been to so many nail salons in vegas but the quality of work here is so different. The service is amazing and i find myself constantly coming back. I highly recomend you get an appointment with John he is the best. Very friendly and does professional work. Overall very satisfied with my experience.
5	Blessings Yelpers,I have a Love Pearl to share with you. I was blessed to have the opportunity to have David service me for a take off, full set & a Pearl pedi. Because of a insufficient job done by another nail tech it took longer than usual to remove my nails.  This was because of nail sensitivity.  However David showed care & concern and took his time under pressure. After David did a fanominal job on my nails he performed the ultimate pedi. His work & attention to my problem areas & concerns have not been matched.  I will absolutely be back & whole heartedly recommend anyone who wants a day for R & R with an opportunity to share great conversation seek the professional services of Creative nails tech David. The opportunity is priceless.
5	I love Creative Nails! This is the best salon I've been to here in Vegas. The prices are a little more than other places, but well worth the money! Shana and Natalie are the best techs there and the only two that I will let touch my nails! Look no further cuz you have found the best nail shop in town. I will NEVER get my nails done any place else!
5	Hands down the best nail salon in Las Vegas.  Very clean, down to earth people and they take their time on your experience.  Not to mention their prices are fantastic!  Especially they have almost all OPI brand nails polish and GEL polish you can think of. Love this place! Will be back for sure!
4	Great pedicure... relaxing, clean environment.   Was in summerlin from the weekend and was able to stop in and get my toes done
1	The staff was really friendly and inviting but I was there for two hours for a mani pedi. I found a picture on their yelp site of a design that I wanted. They said yes of course we can do that. My nails look nothing like the picture. It cost $80.00 for both and it looks awful. I was treated nicely but the services they provided were not good and that is  why I won't go back.
5	Found this place on yelp!  Love them all!  I've used Vivian for 3 months!  So happy I found them!
5	Never been to this salon before. I went in and got seated very quickly (beings I did not have an appt) and Vivian did my nails. She was so sweet and did am awesome job on my nails. Definitely will be back!
2	The staff is every nice and they have a large gel color selection but nail tech did a terrible job. Kim is a very sweet girl but my nails have never hurt after a mani before won't ever go back to that nail tech again. Also a little too pricey especially when your not receiving excellent skill service.
3	I'm truly at a loss of words for Creative Nails... When I moved to the west side of town last summer and needed to find a new nail salon, I found Creative Nails and was so impressed and excited! Andy and Kim were my techs, they were so amazing and dedicated 100% to detail and perfection. I'm bummed to find that they are both no longer at Creative Nails- it seems like since their new owners took over, most of the nail techs are gone.I still decided to keep on going to Creative Nails purely for convenience to my house/work but after this last visit, I won't be back. I paid $72 (including tip) for a gel manicure and very painful pedicure. The lady who did my gel was about average and the guy who did my toes ended up really hurting me. I get ingrown toenails (gross I know) but this is why I pay to get a pedicure! He ended up cutting my big toe so deep and wrong that I bled for a long time. Once the bleeding stopped, my toe was throbbing and he continued to file/put oil on my toe which made it so much worse! I finally had to move my foot away from him and tell him not to touch it anymore. I had to wear flip flops to work that day (very unprofessional) but my toe was in so much pain I couldn't put on a shoe. Still today, it's been 3 days... My toe is tender.I do like that all the techs speak perfect English. However, the owner's wife was there this last time and she was such a snob, I couldn't stand to look at her. She walked in the place with her nose flipped up in the air- like get over yourself lady! She walked in her high heels to each station where customers were getting services done and she made all the techs nervous like she was criticizing and judging them. Maybe this is why their best techs have left the salon.There are many many nail salons in my area that I will try out- I don't mind spending top dollar, but to be hurt for 3+ days is not worth it! Sorry Creative Nails!
4	First time here. Called ahead and made apmnt. Glad I did. They had a busy stream of customers coming but they were full :( I had Shauna for my Pedi. She is great! Hot stone was great but a little sad it didn't last longer. Was extremely happy with how clean and relaxing it is here. Will def be coming back.
5	I moved out here a few months ago and didn't have luck with other nail salons. I found this on yelp and I am in!!! I have pink and whites with picky requests and Shauna took care of it all. The salon is extremely clean, and the owner seems to be very personable and makes people feel appreciated.
2	I've been to creative nails twice. I won't be going again. The hot stone massage lasted only 2 minutes! My toe nails weren't even filed evenly. I requested a 15 minute extra massage for $15 and I got only 10 minutes of massage I would rate as a 3 out of 10.
3	Decided to go for the $35 deluxe pedicure. The orange scrub they slather on was nice. Hot stones were useless. She didn't really massage me either. Then she wrapped my legs and feet in hot towels and left for like 10-15 mins. Came back and did my white tips with the towels (now cold) left on. I liked the way she painted them but that's about it. Maybe she was tired?
3	As of about 6 months ago the previous owners sold the business. A lot of their nail techs left with them to their new store in Henderson. The salon isn't the same anymore, and I haven't been crazy about the work that I've had done there since. It's still a solid place, but not the best.. After months of trying new nail places (oh the agony) I've finally settled into a new salon. I'll miss some of the nail techs there, but I need that perfect french manicure!
4	Thank You Bella. You did a fab job on my nails! Huge selection of colors. soft and hard gels, polish, acrylic, u name it they got it. Salon is a bit small but nice and comfortable.  All staff was very friendly.  A little pricy.  $108 for everythng.  I got an ombre full set, hard and soft gel colors and matching toes! But u get 15% off when you check in with yelp!
1	I hate to even give this place one star.  I never write bad reviews but feel the need to warn everyone about this place.  It was great when the previous owner Amy had the place but under new ownership it has gone way downhill.  All of the good techs left and everyone working there is so unhappy, it's sad.  Went in for a gel mani/pedi Saturday and had to go back Monday to have them re-done.  My toenails look like a 5 year old painted them.  The worse part is that I had to sit for an additional 2 1/2 hours Monday when I already spent 2 1/2 hours there Saturday.  The owner didn't even apologize.  Nail salons are a dime a dozen here and with this kind of service this place wont last.  I wont be going back.To top it off now I have an infection on my right middle finger where my manicurist cut me skin. AVOID!!
5	I just moved to this side of town and I really needed a gel mani. I found creative nails by chance and I absolutely had the best experience. It's so sad that small businesses like this take a hit on yelp just because someone is unhappy with a service. My experience with creative nails was amazing and I will definitely be coming back! My nail technician was John and he was so upbeat and made me feel so comfortable with him! He did an phenomenal job on my nails and he didn't even knick my fingers once which is a HUGE deal breaker for me! I just had such an positive experience at creative nails and to come on yelp and see such a negative comment really irritates me because this is an amazing nail salon and the reviews should represent the excellent customer service that this store puts such an emphasis on. Thank you for the great experience!
5	It looks like Andy Lam, my favorite nail tech has moved to TLC nails right next door in case anyone was interested in getting their services done with him!
5	I absolutely loved my experience at Creative Nails! Everyone is very friendly and quick to get you anything you need. When I arrived (without an appointment) I was greeted right away and taken care of immediately. I got a simple gel manicure from John and his work was perfect. I will 100% be back to get my nails done here again.
1	This place used to be my spot, but when Amy the old owner sold it, it went downhill fast! The times i went back after it was sold the new manager would be standing over the nail techs shoulders, and inquiring (in Vietnamese) about how much longer and what to charge.  I like to get gel glitter fades, but since the new guy came in it seems like they're chinsy with product, the colors are sheer if i lifted my hand to light  (maybe acceptable for baby pink, but blues and green? I don't think so).  All the good staff went to Amys new salon in henderson.  Major bummer as "uncreative nails" is right around the corner from my house.
4	I tried this establishment on tuesday, after memorial weekend and boy was it busy!  good sign :)  My daughter and I had an appointment at 5:30 and we were greeted Promptly.  Vicky was my technician and as soon as I sat down for my pedi she offered me the deluxe pedi for 10 more, liked it but not loved it. I should have stuck to  classic pedi.  it would have been perfect however the hot stone massage was just rubbing the stones on my legs and she did not really do any type of massage, just felt like she was just putting lotion, that was a let down.  she did my gel mani perfectly and suggested  neutral with rockstar glitter.  everyone at my work complimented my nails...love that!  Tommy did my daughter's nails and she was so happy.  She got acrylics with gel and crystals on her rIng finger.  He took his time shaping, and it was perfect.  i actually finished before she was done and she only had her mani done.  his attention to detail and perfection shows that he takes his art seriously.  we will definitely come back! and ask for tommy again.  this would have been a 5 star rating if only  I should have stuck to my classic pedi... at least I would have not  expected much.
5	Great service, nice array of services, and good atmosphere. Prices are reasonable and the staff is friendly.
2	Had a gel polish change for my hands & feet, and I must say I was very disappointed. $40 for a gel polish change, NO pedicure. She cut my nails entirely TOOOO short & now my feet look like ugly french tipped nubs! I was going to get acrylics but since I didn't expect to pay so much for my feet I just got a gel manicure. It was OK, nothing special & it also $40 for that. Since I mentioned the discount from yelp they took $12 off my $80. I didn't feel she deserved any sort of tip but tipped her anyway... but I'll never come back.
5	quickly became a regular here. the salon is very clean and an overall relaxing experience . I don't mind paying a little extra at this salon because their attention to detail is great. I always get gel on my nails and it lasts a while (depending on the brand of gel you pick. I always ask what ones last longest) they always for me in last minute too which is nice!
5	Today was my first time visiting the salon. I just moved to this side of town and needed a new salon. I found this place and it had good reviews So I called and was able to get a same day appt. When I arrived it was really nice inside and peaceful. I got my eyebrows and lip waxed first, the lady was quick and did a really good job. I then got a new full set with a gel french tip. The guy who did them did an excellent job then I find out he is the manager. It's good to see managers working side by side with their employees. They have a really cool rewards program too. I got 10% off because I am writing this review and I get a point for every dollar I spend and when I get to 250 points I'll receive 15$ off and service. I really like this new place and I will continue to come here.
1	Disappointed went back recently and clearly is under new management my tech no longer works there and this place is no longer customer friendly
5	I might be the pickiest customer when it comes to nails. I like to find pictures online and bring them into the salon. 99% of the time salons try, but I'm not satisfied. Not to mention they are usually very over priced. For once I finally found a salon that meets all my random demands. Nice location. Good set up. Super friendly staff. Fair prices. Loads of colors! And I mean lllloooooaaaddds. Most of all they live up to their name and are able to do "creative nails"!! So far this is the only salon in Vegas that can do clean designs and not just normal, everyday nails. I usually never go to the same salon twice, but I will be scheduling an appointment ahead of time. Thank you Creative Nails!
5	Finally after several bad experiencesIfound a nice place to make my nailsI am running there each time I am in VegasDifferent pedi proposed A MUSTVery nice options for nails ALSO A MUSTPeople are charmingand I Can't wait to have my next appointment
5	Despite some negative comments I see, Creative Nails has never left me un satisfied. There are many amazing nail technicians. Natalie, Bella and Vivian to name a few. They take most absolute care in making sure you have the best experience possible. I come in about every 2-3 weeks and always have a fantastic experience. They always provide customers with water when they enter and the receptionists AhnaMia and Andrea are just the sweetest pair of girls. I usually get a gel manicure and regular pedicure. There are MANY colors and designs to chose from. Creative Nails also has MANY different types of stickers that customers don't know they have. The choices are limitless when it comes to what you want on your nails. There are seven pedicure choices, depending on what you're looking to accomplish virtually every pedicure will fit your need. Just the regular pedicure for $25 includes a FREE HOT STONE MASSAGE, you really can't go anywhere else without having to pay extra for that service. Creative Nails also uses top of the line products such as OPI, Shellac Gelish etc. Overall Creative Nails provides excellent service, relaxing vibes, quality work and affordability.
5	Went again twice with mum and daughterThe pedi are just amazing and believe me your feet will thank youHad the rockstar french on my handsThank you toNana you are fabulousAnd to heidi and vickiAnd the lovely girl at entrance You are all fantasticAnd this is just the place to go in vegas if you don t want to be dIsappointed
5	This place does amazing work every time. They are so nice and so accommodating. Very clean and lots of gel colors to choose from. There prices are very reasonable as well. They really take their time and use good quality products. Heidi is my favorite ask for her. She will make you look and feel fabulous. She holds great conversation and always remembers what you like. I will always be a returning client.
5	If your as particular about your nails as I am, you will want to read this. When I find something good, i like to share with others.First I want to give thumbs up to all the girls at Creative Nails!! I have had my nails and feet done by most of the manicurists there. Every manicurist  has done a excellent job. I dont even need to worry about getting an appointment, I am so happy with any one of the manicurist there. They do it awesome every time!!I usually get treated with a pedi and a gel fill. Every time I go there they have more new products and colors, My last fill I did was a  lavender base with a gel lavender sparkle. I love them. The gel product they used makes my nails last longer. Ladies; try them, you wont be disappointed/!!!!!Linda NW Las Vegas Oh and by the way, I don't even mind driving 22 miles to go get my nails done!
5	A very friendly and talented staff. My go to place to have my nails done. I'm always more than pleased with their work. Natalie is my go to but the entire staff is great.  Good quality art work as well if you like that.
4	Prices - fair. Spent $25 on a pedi and they used hot stones to massage my calves and feet ;). They have a point system that you sign up for with name and phone number. Every 250 points (points per $ spent) gives you a $15 voucher! Use cash and get a bonus 15 pointsColor selection - huge! There were so many colors to choose from and tons of glitter optionsPedi - did a nice job in getting me spruced up. Was about 45 minutes before drying
1	I used to love it here but not since new management. The old (great) nail techs left since the takeover and they haven't been the same since. My last visit was horrible. I wanted just a trim on my nails and she took all the length off. She then rushed the whole routine and didn't bother cleaning the sides. Clearly I will not be returning. On a good note...I've found some of the old crew in the next parking lot over at TLC Nails.
5	I have been going to Creative Nails for awhile now & I love it!! Fair pricing, cute decor. Tiffany is my favorite!!!!
5	This is my new favorite place! Tiffany did an amazing job! everyone is very friendly and courteous.
2	I'm not sure what happened between now and the first couple of times I've gotten services done there but very recently I've been going to different places to get my nails done just the sake of convenience and boy the quality has gone down.I believe the manicurist's name is Kimmy. I got a simple french gel manicure and it chipped within the first day. I had to go back and get them fixed and within 3 days they chipped. As a side note, I'm not hard on my hands and I'm pretty careful especially when I first get my nails done but these are Shellac polishes which shouldn't chip. All in all I had to go back a total of 3 times for one gel manicure, which was really a hassle considering I paid out $50+ for the entire service only to get a bad job done.However, what's odd is that I've also gotten the best french gel manicure I've ever gotten from this establishment as well - just from a different manicurist. Kimmy's reasoning was that I because I wanted the white tip thinner than most, that's why they chipped so easily. However, I always get my white tips very thin regardless of whether it's regular polish or gel and they always come out fine.What a waste of gas, time and money. All of it only for it not to last less than a couple of weeks, which is apparently how long gel manicures are supposed to last. Don't get me wrong though I still love the atmosphere of the establishment, the owner is always still very courteous and nice - however, this last visit with this place has really gotten me to stray away from ever coming back for service again.
5	I recently had gel pedicure and gel manicure over acrylic with Tiffanie. She is the best and the most competent nail technician I have ever had in the past 25 years!! She makes sure that you are satisfied with her work. She is a true perfectionist:)
5	After almost 7 years of struggling to find a good nail salon in Vegas I have to say I finally found it! Everyone at Creative Nails was kind,  helpful & actually listened to what I wanted.Tiffanie was AMAZING!!!!! She was so patient & worked with my skin sensitivity & product allergies. Pedicure & eyebrow wax were also great. Because of my experience today I have already highly recommended them. P.S. - The point system they offer their customers is a great bonus. Makes me want to go more often.  :)HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!
1	SO SHADY!!!!!! I had a bad experience and the owner said if I would try them again they would give me 30% off. I went to make an appointment,and verified the promise the owner had made - they FORGOT!!!!!! So unethical. I gave them a chance to make it right before writing this review. They are the typical shady nail shop- but with prices that would indicate a higher level of service. Go elsewhere- they suck.
4	I went back to Creative Nails for what was supposed to be my final time visiting to utilize a $15 coupon I'd received for spending a certain amount that I recently found in my planner (side note: Creative Nails is one of the only nail salons that I've seen give out coupons of this nature, which is actually a really great sales tactic) To say it was an odd experience would be the best way to describe it in total. Admittedly in my previous review - I gave this establishment an updated two stars based purely on the quality on the service I had received forcing me to go back to the establishment not once, not twice but three times... that's a total of six trips and an hour of driving.Regardless, upon entering I was snuffed by the manicurist at the front desk who quickly snuck away... pulled up Yelp and showed the owner my review, fifteen minutes into my manicure the owner, John came to me and told me that negative reviews really do hurt his business... and as a daughter of a businessman I'm incredibly sympathetic towards that and can understand the plight of these seemingly uncontrollable circumstances. I will admit a fault on my part as far as my previous review goes - the manicurist that was incapable of servicing a lasting french gel manicure 3 times in a row was actually not Kimmy - but Vicky. Kimmy, has actually done my nails before and is quick, efficient, quiet, and patient. I definitely recommend going to her for the next time you're in the Summerlin Area! And I will also say that the quality of one person's work should not define the entirety of a business and whether or not I recommend others to go back there. To be fair, they were very quick and happy to deal with the situation and reapply the polish... However from another standpoint the manicurist should have done it right the first time. Or at least the second time. In conclusion, while I don't have a universal positive opinion on all the staff at Creative Nails. I do know that the owner John, strives to keep a positive environment in his business he's always smiling and laughing, communicating with his employees, and I strongly recommend Kimmy as a manicurist. :) But now that this location is a little way out from my house I definitely won't be able to visit as often as I did before my awful french manicure experience.Also, as a sidenote:: for those who plan to visit and yelpers in the future, please do not threaten business owners with bad yelp reviews just for discounts. It makes the quality of reviews go down, and you as a consumer just look cheap.
5	I have been going to this nail salon for over two years, and I have to say every time I go the customer service remains consistent.  From the moment I walk in the door, they always offer a warm greeting and a bottle of water (great for those hot summer months).  They get pretty busy, so I always make it a point to call ahead.I usually stick to the simple simple gel manicure and an Earth Spa Pedicure (they have an array of various pedicures to choose from).  I love how clean they keep the facility, and the attention to detail every technician has for their guests... also, they don't slack on their foot rubs!  Overall, I keep coming back here because of the consistency, attention to detail, cleanliness, and stellar customer service!
1	I was there 10 mins ago and Tommy helped me.  Normally any tech that helps me wraps my gel polish on my hands in foil to let it soak in acetone while they work on my feet. He didn't, when I reminded him I have gel on my hands, he ignored meWhen we moved to the manicurist table, he then put foils on my fingers.  Literally right after he finished both hands, he removed the foil and started filing my nail down! Wtf! They soaked for less than a minute!That's all not!! I don't have a towel.. He started to cut my cuticles without applying cuticle lotion.. Cuts me in multiple places!  When I asked him to wash off the blood he refused and was going to paint over it with the polish! I demanded to wash my hands!! That is disgusting and unsanitary!I tried to give him the benefit of the doubt, paid $57 for the service and still tipped him $10. Stormed out upset to get home and find out all the paint on my fingers are uneven ripples, as of a 3 year old painted them!  This is the WORST NAIL EXPERIENCE I HAVE HAD IN MY LIFE AND NO HE IS NOT NEW BECAUSE I SEE HIM THERE EVERYTIME I GO
5	This is the ONLY place in Vegas that I would get my nails done at. I had lived in Vegas for almost six years and lately I have been living in LA. John is the BEST nail tech I have ever had work on my nails. I had been traveling for work and not back in Vegas for a while. When I needed my nails done, of course I came back to Creative Nails. The place is very clean and the whole staff is courteous and personable. John does the BEST job of anyone that has ever done my nails. I highly recommend Creative Nails and John. I got iridescent silver glitter tips and they look amazing.
5	I have been a customer here for 10 months! I actually found them on Yelp because I was new to town.Vivian is my favorite technician! She stays busy so make an appointment ahead of time!
