5	After a long plane journey, my awesome friend T picked me up from the airport and I wanted to treat her to a delicious dinner as thanks.  She had emailed me the link to the Post Gaz's early bite on Avenue B and I couldn't wait to try this new place just down the street from me.  We picked up our veggie friend K and headed out.  Little did we know we were there for the opening night!  The space is intimate and warm and completely and totally different than when it was Istanbul Grille.  Two giant chalkboards display the daily specials - 3 apps, 3 mains and a dessert.  The desserts sounded so good we saved room.  I had the Kobe meatloaf over chevre chive mashed potatoes with oven roasted tomatoes and crispy onions.  It was SO GOOD - the meatloaf was moist and flavorful.  I ate every bite.  T had fish and chips which were delicious, the malt vinegar aioli was a great addition.  K had the soup special, a butternut squash and chili concoction that she really enjoyed.  She also had the beans and greens flatbread which she thought was okay.  We had a little snafu because the waitress said this dish was vegetarian but it actually comes with sausage which was discovered after a few unfortunate bites by our veggie.  However, we were understanding as it was the first night.  So veggies, double check on this - it might have been nice to comp the dish for this mistake.  The desserts were delicious, we shared the sundae with marshmallow, pumpkin, and maple ice creams and also the malted chocolate torte with dulce de leche ice cream.  They were very good even for me who isn't that into dessert generally.  It's BYOB which is great - there is a corkage fee (don't remember how much)Overall it was a wonderful meal and I'll definitely be back often.  I had enjoyed the chef's food at the Red Room but I enjoy this relaxed atmosphere more and the changing and seasonal menu will be fun to explore.  They're only open for dinner now but plan to do lunch and brunch in the future.  It's too expensive for everyday or to grab takeout when I'm tired but for a nice night with my honey or a girls nights out it would be perfect.  T didn't let me treat in the end so we'll have to go back soon (twist my arm!)
3	Went at 7:45 pm on a Sat PM and they had already sold out of three items on the menu.  When the menu only has about 10 items on it - I call that pretty poor planning.  Salads were fine.  Entrees were good but fish portions were so tiny we wondered if they were running out of the ingredients and cutting portions in half.  Our entrees were the size of small plate portions.  We are used to eating contemporary cuisine and don't expect Big Boy portions, but it was truly shameful to charge $24 for this portion of fish.  It should have been a $15 small plate.  Decor is nice and simple.  Love the size of the restaurant.  Love that the place is not pretentious.  Still I would not go back.
5	I love this place.  The menu is creative and thoughtfully planned with interesting dishes and flavors.  I always appreciate places that cook seasonally and make a point of changing the menu to reflect what is fresh and available locally.  I had the sea bash fish and chips... amazing. Husband had the meatloaf, mouthwatering yumminess. Veggie friend had the tofu enchiladas and scrapped the plate clean.  Oh, we started off with the ribs... goodness.  All of the deserts sounded amazing and super interesting... but we were stuffed and couldn't eat any more. All of the servers were excited to tell you about what their favorites on the menu were and were knowledgeable about about the preparations... something that is difficult to find in Pittsburgh area restaurants.  Can't wait to go back.
3	The ambiance was relaxed and cozy. The service was mediocre at best due to inexperience but they were friendly.  The food was O.K. but the amount of salt used was beyond excessive. i cant recommend a restaurant where the Chef does not know how to season the food and you have to ask for more water at least twice. i mean lets be serious, water is free! Has potential but needs work.
2	With such a small selection and steep prices, I was expecting something local, organic and sustainable. The decor and style of the place definitely looks the part, down to french pressed coffee and tea served at the table. But no, they just look like it. It's a bit of a drive and isn't near anything I frequent and while I liked the decor and style, the food won't have me coming back.I ordered fish and chips, tempura style... All I could taste was flour and mush. The fish was soggy and completely without flavor. The chips were actual potato crisps (I was expecting fries, so it was a little disappointing) The best part of the meal was the veggie slaw. The ice cream and dessert did sound amazing (but then so did the fish and chips;) ). I tried a few spoonfuls of different flavored ice creams and they were quite good. So maybe it's more of a dessert kinda place? Also this is an older crowd (probably because of prices), most patrons were well over 40. I felt like a kindergardener,
4	Stopped in for the first time last night.The mussels starter and the green beans & sweet potato tempura starter, both off of the chalkboard, were fantastic. The mussels were outstanding. Not at all rubbery or grainy. The broth was very flavorful, but not overpowering. The tempura was light and crispy, with a delicious accompanying sauce. A few of the sweet potato pieces were slightly undercooked though. For my entree, I ordered the meatloaf that everyone seems to be talking about. While it was definitely good, I have to admit that I was a little disappointed. My friend, who had ordered it before, also said it wasn't quite as good as she remembered. I can't quite put my finger on what was off though. While it wasn't dry, it definitely had sort of a chewy texture. Finally, I couldn't leave without trying their mac 'n' cheese side. It was delicious, with bits of apple added for a little welcome sweetness. Overall, I was happy with the portions. I left satisfied (even skipping desert) but not unpleasantly full. My biggest complaint is, of course, the price. With the lovely space, great food, and constantly changing menu, it is the kind of neighborhood restaurant that I would love to stop at on a weekly basis. If only it wouldn't bankrupt me...
5	I absolutely loved my trip to Avenue B and posted the whole trip to my blog."A trip to Avenue B can be pricey--that's just the genre it fills. Unlike some other outings, I left Avenue B thrilled with the experience and truly excited by the and the quality of our experience---thanks in part to an exceptional waitress. Given that enthusiasm, I had no problem dropping a sizable chunk of change for an exceptional experience--at least on a somewhat rare occasion."http://www.foodburgh.com/2010/02/avenue-b/
5	Warning: this is going to be a bit of a love letter.   I seriously love this place.  I love the dinner, love the lunch, and now have a whole new reason to love it - Sunday brunch!!  Those who know me know that I'm obsessed with brunch and really wish I could have it every day.  Darn you work!  They just started doing Sunday brunch a few weeks ago and it's AWESOME.  I just ended up in the Burgh for a visit and I had a delicious dinner there (Kevin the waiter is SO knowledgeable about food - he is great!) and found out about brunch and had to have it before I left the city.  They don't take reservations right now for brunch and I had a sizable crew with me for the size of the restaurant so I called at 9:30am and Seth was SO nice to help me figure out a plan to have the best chance to set everyone seated around 11:30.   We had no trouble getting seated but I fear that will change quickly as the word gets out about this amazing brunch.  Ok onto the most important part - the FOOD.  OMG.  We started with some beignets  that are a healthy portion - 5 puffy fried pieces of deliciousness with a spoon of cinnamon sugar and an apple compote and a fresh berry compote kind of on the side.  whoa - I licked my fingers.  On recommendation I got the eggs benedict which comes with thinly sliced asparagus and hearts of palm and is topped with a slice of mapley bacon that is insane.  The bacon is so good that you want eat a plate of just bacon - and then another one - and maybe another one.  whoa.  the hollandaise was heartstoppingly butterliciously good but JUST the right amount.  I hate it when there is a giant glop of it - I want to be chasing it around my plate to get every bit of goodness, not wiping it off on the side.  This also came with potatoes on the side which were like homefries but with some sweet potato mixed in and some red pepper?  They were delicious!  Boyfriend had the huevos rancheros which were hearty and delicious but could have had a little more spice for my taste.  Basically everyone loved their food but I was too absorbed in my own food to try bites and when I looked up - everyone was licking their plates so I can only infer from that and their subsequent food comas that they were happy.  After I rolled back to PK&A's (darling wonderful host friends) apartment  for my own food coma, I realized we forgot to pop out and get champagne for mimosas or bellinis.   Yes, I forgot about brunch beverages.  Me!  One of the main reasons to love brunch!!  This has NEVER happened to me before - and that says a lot about the food, the company, and the experience in general...and perhaps explains my love for brunch.  But seriously they do have the fixins for brunch beverages without the alcohol since it's BYOB - by the glass or carafe.  I am seriously sad that I no longer live down the block from Ave B - but I will be back for sure on my next visit to the Burgh!
4	Exceptional.  It took me three tries to get a reservation (almost unheard of in Pittsburgh).  But - third time was a charm.  I always am worried about BYOB restaurants, that they're one week away from closing because they don't make enough money.  So I always have managed expectations.  Avenue B OVER DELIVERED.  We ate outside, so I can't comment on the full atmosphere.  But the service was outstanding.  From the person taking reservations, to the host, to our server.  The menu changes daily, but I was pleased with both the few regulars on the menu and the selection of the unique items.  I was with two friends and we had the beef, pork chop, as well as ravioli.  I'm under delivering on my descriptions to you - but they were amazing.  They did everything well.There was a guy at the table next to ours who was freaking out about his steak.  From eavesdropping, I believe he wanted it still mooing.  I'm not sure if he was eventually satisfied with their response, but after addressing several times - I'm amazed at the lengths the staff was going to, to make sure he was properly served.Meal was pricey, but I didn't think over the top.  Additionally because it is BYOB - that cut my bill down by 60% anyway.  Well worth it!Also, I accidentally left my credit card there - and they were soooo helpful about returning it.  I can't wait to go back again.
5	i haven't had as great an experience as i had here at a restaurant in a long time! i showed up at prime dinner time on a tuesday night with a date and a bottle of wine, and was told there was no seating available until 8:15 which was over an hour later. we somewhat begrudgingly left to go to a bar until our time to eat arrived, and were starving by the time we actually sat down at a table. but holy hell, was it ever a meal worth waiting for! my date let me pick our appetizers, and i chose two things--a simple crab cake topped with a basil aioli that was so fresh-tasting and aromatic i believed they must have had an herb garden growing right in the kitchen, and the show stopper--chocolate chipotle confit chicken wings. the meat didn't even fall off the bone; when we lifted the bones from the plate, the meat was so tender it simply remained where it was. the chocolate flavor was a noticeable but not overwhelming presence and we both just kept moaning in between utterances of 'holy shit', and 'oh my god, this is fucking good'. our salad wasn't terribly original--a breaded and fried slice of chevre goat cheese with greens and truffle oil--but it was insanely good, and our entrees were both great. he ordered halibut with snap pea mashed potatoes and ginger aioli, and against all of my dining-out sensibilities i ordered a tofu dish as my main course, and was completely satisfied. for dessert--french press coffee and three types of homemade coffee ice cream. service was totally friendly and on-point and i LOVED the entire experience. i can't wait to eat here again.
5	Avenue B is a fantastic addition to the Burgh's culinary scene! Everything I had here - app, entree, dessert - was amazing!!!! The only negative is that the menu is pretty small - about 5-8 app choices and maybe 7 entree options. This place is not for picky eaters! This is a place where I suggest throwing caution to the wind - whatever you order is going to be great!
1	Making the reservation: easy and friendly.Atmosphere: quaint and inviting (if you do not like tight spaces this isn't for you).Menu: great!  I love the small seasonal menu and focus on more day-to-day options.  Very well conceived.Appetizer: delicious!  The heirloom tomato salad was perfect, and the Yellowfin Tuna trio of sushi was even better!Entrees: mediocre at best.  The Kung Pao Tofu was lacking in the spicy-peanutty character of good Kung Pao.  My Short Rib Tacos weren't seasoned and the Chipotle Cream was just pink cream.Dessert: amazing!  The chocolate was amazing!The kicker, and reason for my poor rating, was when my server dropped a wine glass on my entree plate (before I was finished) and it shattered.  It made a HUGE mess and really upset the table next to us.  I work in restaurants and make mistakes myself, but they failed to recover from their mistake.  The server was extremely apologetic, but I had to pay full price for an entree that I was unable to finish and the chef sent out an extra of my date's meal to-go.  They also did not charge me for our 2 bottles of wine (its BYOB).  Had they supplied me with another entree, or not charged me for the one they destroyed I would be more gracious.  I don't intend on coming back.
4	Out of the 2 dishes (meatloaf and beet + mac 'n cheese), we both agreed that the beet mac and cheese was the best out of the 2!  The meatloaf actually looked fantastic (you know that's a good sign with a dish like this!) and it actually ended up having a great flavor.  The mac and cheese, however blew it out of the water!  It was fantastic!  My only complaint is that there was a noticeable lack of beets.  I've heard this dish has been evolving and so my hope is that the next time I see it, I can have a beet in every bite!Sitting outside was a bit of a mistake.  There needs to be a better divide between me: the food eater and you: the bus people.  It was just loud with the bus coming by every 5 minutes :(
4	4.5 stars.I really like the Avenue B concept; a smaller rotating menut with an emphasis on local inredients. The service was great, our server Emmett was fantastic. Very knowledgeable about all the items on the menu.Food was great overall; if you read no further: Avenue B is more than worth the trip. Now for specific thoughts:Complimentary bread service - 2 types of bread provided, whole grain/frnch baguette it seemed. Not sure where they were sourced from but quality artisinal bread. Served along with a cherry molasses whipped butter. This was tasty, but I wish th butter was salted.Local Greens Salad $6 - acceptable, nothing special. I enjoyed the dressing and the sweet potato crips..but I suspect there are far better ways to start the meal.-Raw Boat  $13 - 3 preperations of fish, all of which were incredibly fresh. 2 miniature tuna nigiri topped with red and black tobiko.- these were passable, the sushi rice itself did not seem to be all that glutinous and I wouldn't be pleased with it if I were out for sushi, but a fun little bite when implemented into the menu. I'm not one to complain about portion sizes, but these were truly miniature, would have preferred a more generous slice of fish to get the full effect. barely seared salmon topped with an avocado/onion/wasabi sauce - very good,poke and pineapple cevice topped with creme fraiche and sweet potato flake - may be one of the best things I've ever eaten. I scrapped every last off the plate. I would make the visit again if only to get this.-NY Strip $26 - truffled fingerling potato salad, arugula, asparagus, demi glaze - perfectly prepared steak, other components of the dish were quite good; only down side was one bad potato that probably shouldn't have made it out of the kitchen. - Seared Dayboat Scallops $24 - squid ink tagiatelle, summer squash, pesto duo - again the protein portion was prepared flawlessely. The two pestos were both very a good, a basil and roasted red pepper.  The squid ink pasta had a slight brine that was mellowed by the accompanying zuchinni, squash, and sat a top an alfredo-esq sauce.  The bottom of the plate had a bit more olive oil than I would have liked, but I'm really nit picking here. Fantastic dish.Bonus points for crushed ice in the soda, and macaroons with the check. pics to come
5	I ate at Avenue B in Pittsburgh during a visit back in July.  Chef Chris Bonfili really puts forth some creative and tasty cuisine sourcing seasonal ingredients from local farms for his menu which changes daily.  My girlfriends took me here and we ordered & shared many different dishes and they were all delicious.  Kobe Meatloaf, goat cheese & chive whipped Potatoes with Crispy Shallots and tomato jam - Heirloom Tomato & asparagus salad, with a roasted garlic vinaigrette - Black Grouper, black eyed peas & greens, candied bacon, sweet potato hay, berry BBQ - Crispy Eggplant, Tagalini Pomodoro.   Pittsburgh better savor this gem of a restaurant that could easily rival my favorites here in San Francisco.  I look forward to eating here again when I'm back over the holidays!!!  YUM!!!  PS. BYOB
5	Amazing! Quaint and cozy. Good service and delicious flavor. A seasonal menu which makes it extremely fun - different each time.  I liked it so much that I returned the next night, as I was in Pittsburgh for the week on business.  The first night I had: Butternut squash green chili soup, which had a very unique taste - sweet with spicy (delicious).  I thought to myself - how can I make this at home. Next, I had the pan seared walleye.  This  was fantastic with pomegranates and pecan basmati rice. One of my favorite meals. Mmmmm.  The next night I had the short ribs with sugar snap mashed potatoes, again - unique, but extremely flavorful.  I hate when food is over-seasoned and this chef is it perfect.  You must make reservations, as there are limited tables. The menu is on a large chalkboard, the seasonal items, and they have a few standards, but I'm all about the adventure.  BYOB.  Makes me hungry just thinking of the food options.I rarely rate any restaurant 5 stars...but this is a definite.  Enjoy!
3	checked ave b out for brunch last weekend due to the great yelp reviews and was (not-surprisingly) happy with the choice.we got the huevos rancheros and kobe burger and both were very good, but not amazing. the french-press coffee, atmosphere, and service was however amazing.i feel confident that dinner here would be 4 or 5 stars, and hope to be able to update next time i am in pittsburgh.
5	If you live in Shadyside for three years, and eat out quite a bit, you would probably know the menus of most of the restaurants here. Not true for Avenue B. They stick to what's seasonal and fresh when choosing their ingredients, which translates to an ever changing menu. I don't think I have ever had anythig there that was just "blah". Everything tastes awesome and looks awesome. The service is great and very attentive, even on Saturday nights. My favorite thing about an Avenue B experience is the menu on the wall. It's written with chalk in beautiful script. The brunch is amazing! I have taken out of towners there and they absolutely loved it!
4	Early in our relationship, Belle confessed to me that she didn't like tacos or meatloaf.  This was, of course, a serious problem.  Some homemade pulled pork tacos later one of the hurdles was cleared, but the meatloaf issue continued to vex me.  Enter Avenue B.First off, don't let the largely unfinished web site turn you off.  Avenue B has a much more expansive menu that what you'll find online.  Thankfully, the above-mentioned meatloaf is a mainstay (although its exact composition changes seasonally).  You'll find ~6 starters and ~6 entrees on the chalk board menu, most of which are made, to one degree or another, to highlight local and seasonal fare.  Quick aside: assuming you remember your own wine, this is a pretty good place in terms of menu and atmosphere for a date.  Just know that they don't give you menus, you have to rely on the chalkboards.  Not every seat has a great sightline to the boards, so don't make your date sit in a chair so she has to awkwardly crane her neck to figure out what she wants to eat.  And for God's sake don't (as I did) forget your glasses and resort to having your date read to you.  Belle was understanding, but for an early date, I was hoping to come across as something other than quasi-literate.All the meals I've had at Avenue B have been very good.  The cook obviously knows what he's doing; his previous spot (the Red Room) really took off under his guidance.  That said, the menu is not going to blow anyone's mind when it comes to pushing the envelope with unusual preparations and/or ingredients.  Take a closer look at the menu picture from the yelp profile and you'll see:Roast ChickenBraised Short RibsNY Strip SteakFalafel and TaboulehSeared ScallopsBBQ-not pictured, but also on the menu:Fish and ChipsMeatloaf.Not really very vegetarian-friendly and not really separating itself from the crowd.  There are, of course, excellent reasons from a financial standpoint to play it safe when it comes to Pittsburgh menus, but I think the city's tastes are slowly changing and I hope Avenue B steers its obvious skill in more interesting directions down the line.  All that said, if you like these things (and I certainly do), Avenue B does an excellent job with them.  On visit 1, I ordered the meatloaf and loved it--it was probably the best meatloaf I've ever had (with apologies to my father).  After much cajoling, I convinced Belle to have a bite.  On our most recent visit, Belle ordered the meatloaf for herself, which stands as testimony to how well Avenue B executes the "new American bistro" catalog.
5	as expected, dinner at ave b is definitely worth 5 stars. the food (as it was with brunch) was amazing, and i love that they have just as many specials each night as the permanent (but seasonal) menu. service was also great, and byob much more appreciated during dinner when bringing your own wine can be a great way to make a more expensive meal affordable. i was also pleased to find out what 'tuna squared' was - a deconstructed spicy tuna roll and tuna sashimi - annnnd it was really tasty.
5	Avenue B is outstanding. This place offers an amazing seasonal menu and a variety of creative and mouth-watering daily specials. I have never been more CONSISTENTLY impressed with a restaurant in Pittsburgh as I am with Avenue B. They are also BYOB. I like this aspect of the restaurant because you get to bring your own wine to enjoy alongside their amazing beginnings, entrees, and desserts. The brunch, naturally offered only on Sunday mornings, is also outstanding. I am particularly a fan of the buckwheat pancakes with Guinness butter and Framboise syrup. My friend had the steak and eggs. The steak was cooked perfectly to order (medium rare) and the eggs were delicious. I think that brunch is a great value that is slowly starting to catch on at this restaurant. If I could rate Ave B more than five stars, I would!!!
4	Just had dinner there. Glad we made reservations. Meatloaf was killer!!! Hubby had pork chop which was ok - nothing terribly special. Tuna app was fantastic w/ a deconstructed spicy tuna roll and tuna sashimi w/ avocado-wasasbi dollop on top. Yum yum. Nice salad from the chalk board selections which change daily. Great ambiance, and Lauren, our server, was fantastic. Food could have come out hotter, but overall, it was a great experience.
4	Had my annual pre-Christmas dinner w/friends here this year, and loved it!First off, the place is really charming. Dim lighting, chic design, I can't believe it used to be a Chinese joint! Also, love that it's BYOB. This makes it easy to have a nicer meal without breaking the bank. Corkage fee is $5 per bottle.The menu had lots of fun, innovative choices, with a continental influence. You could choose from the seasonal menus or nightly specials. The gal pals and I started with a deconstructed rainbow roll and mussels in a smokey tomato sauce. The rainbow roll was full of high-quality ingredients but not so good for sharing. I kind of wish the server would have mentioned this. All the ingredients were chopped up and served wrapped in cucumber, making it pretty impossible to eat with the chopsticks it was served with and almost impossible to share between three gals. We kind of had to mix up the ingredients and scoop with our forks. I'd get this again with a salad for myself, but not for a group.The mussels, on the other hand, were awesome. The sauce was smokey, flavorful and thicker than your traditional mussel sauce. I'd definitely get it again. The mussels were plump and perfectly cooked.For my meal, I got shrimp wrapped with brasaola served with pesto, a creamy sauce and homemade pasta. This dish was FANTASTIC. The sauce was creamy without being heavy; the pesto was full of flavor and the shrimp were perfectly cooked. The brasaola was salty and tasty. All the flavors combined for an innovative take on a pasta dish.I thought it was super cute that the meal ended with teeny tiny macarons as well.I'll definitely return here the next time I'm in the 'burgh!
5	First of all, the service was outstanding.  I called earlier in the day, when I was still trying to decide at which restaurant to eat, and the waiter/host on the phone was happy to describe to me, in detail, the appetizers and entrees that were on the board that evening.  I made our reservation then and there.  To me, an indicator of a great restaurant is a menu that isn't standardized.  While they do have a small menu of appetizers, entrees and desserts (I think 3 each) that are always available, the majority of what they serve each evening is written on chalkboards on both sides of the restaurant.  We decided to go with an appetizer and entree from the year round menu, and one each from the chalkboard.  Our starters were the butternut squash soup with green chilis (from the board) and the pear gorgonzola flatbread (from the menu).  The soup was phenomenal .  It was smooth, creamy and slightly sweet with the perfect amount of spice courtesy of the green chilis.  The seeds of the squash were roasted and added as a garnish.  Waste not, want not.  Plus they were delicious and a great crunchy contrast to the perfectly pureed squash.  The pear and gorgonzola flat bread was good too, but nothing spectacular.  When we go back I think I'd probably skip it and try something a little more unique.  After reading fellow yelpers reviews, I decided to go with the kobe meatloaf for my entree.  It didn't disappoint in any way.  The presentation was beautiful, with the meatloaf set atop a mound of chive and goat cheese mashed potatoes (I'll get to those in a minute) and topped off with a generous helping of crispy fried onions.  The meatloaf itself was juicy and had great flavor.  The potatoes were fantastic... a possible "last meal on earth" contender.  Potato + chives is always a big hit with me, and the addition of the goat cheese put it over the edge.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.  The goat cheese wasn't overwhelming but there wasjust enough to make it recognizable.Avenue B adds to the dilemma my husband and I face every time we visit Pittsburgh: too many good places to eat, and not enough meals to fit them all in.  Needless to say, Avenue B has pushed itself to the top of the priority list.  I see an anniversary dinner here in our future...
5	I don't give many places 5 stars, but this place deserves it. From the well planned seasonal menu to the intimate setting, it's a great place for a date or dinner with some friends ... oh and BYOB, there's no corking fee!
4	This is a solid contemporary neighborhood bistro. I liked Avenue B for its* frequently changing menu with up-to-date dishes that appeal to current palates* fresh ingredients* competent kitchen -- overall, the food is pretty good* competent front staff -- friendly hostess, helpful wait staff* comfortable ambiance * pricing -- comparing to other restaurants of its type, not too expensiveWhy it's not a 5 star:While the kitchen does have the basics down (they won't overcook the meat, for example) not every component of every dish works. I do appreciate that they are at least trying to put together interesting flavors, but sometimes the combination is just off. Of what I've sampled there, I'd rate the dishes in the B range -- they are far from a disaster, but none was a hit-out-of-the-park winner.Recently, a friend walked into Salt of the Earth and confused it with Avenue B (because of the oversized chalkboards).  I thought the two restaurants make an interesting comparison. I'd give the food nod to Salt, but I probably would visit AveB more frequently because it is a more comfortable dining experience overall.
5	Had an amazing, friendly, quiet, cozy & fresh dinner here.  Very much looking forward to coming again but after going once I'll say its one of the best places I've been in Pittsburgh.  Daily menu is limited and written on a chalk board above the dining room.Looking forward to getting to know this place.  BYOB is a plus. Servers are friendly and attentive.
5	I love this place because it is consistently a 5 star restaurant. Every time you walk through the door you know that you will be having an absolutely superb meal. The servers are perfectly attentive without being overbearing. They're knowledgeable, friendly, and pleasantly enthusiastic. The food is always fresh, well matched flavors and they love to use simple ingredients that create a well balanced course. Did I mention their dessert is absolutely to die for? Oh, coffee too. I cannot wait to try the spring menu, I'll definitely be bringing a nice bottle of wine and relaxing for awhile.
5	Awesome food selected from either seasonal menu or daily options. The meatloaf, which is currently standard, was delicious and the green bean and sweet potato tempura starter was light and very tasty. The dessert - the Girl Scout trio consisting of their take on Samoas, Tagalongs, and Thin Mints - was, well, orgasmic. The waitress, Roxanne, whom I told did NOT have to put on her red dress, was sweet and not overly attentive. Oh, and it's BYOB! I will definitely be back!
3	I became a fan of Avenue B after my first visit.  This tiny little restaurant located on Centre Avenue is BYOB.  Our waiter was knowledgeable of the entire menu and gave us plenty of suggestions on what me and my dining partners might like.  I went with a non-drinking crowd, so we did not bring wine.  I don't know how much the cork fee is, however there were plenty of people smiling with wine on their table, so I can't imagine it is too expensive.They have both a seasonal and daily menu.  The one thing I did not like was the daily menu is written on a large chalkboard on the wall.  It seemed odd to me that we had to read off a wall- similar to a deli.  The restaurant was quite cozy.  I suggest making a reservation.I had veal in a cherry glaze.  The veal was cooked to perfection.  All of my dining partners were also extremely satisfied with their meals.If you are looking for a trendy restaurant with great food, you'll have to check out Avenue B.:)
5	Oh.My.God. Ah-mazing!Avenue B is.. amazing. Being in Pittsburgh for the past 6 years, I would say that Avenue B is by far the best and most inventive meal I've had in the steel city (besides Umi of course)Located on Centre Avenue- the location is a bit strange and in the middle of nowhere (ok Giant Eagle, but who cares) but the food is so good!I've been there for brunch and dinner on a few occasions, and I would have to say that the dishes I got were perfect. For my most recent meal, I got the gorgonzola flatbread and the sweet potato pot pie. Sounds pretty ordinary right? WRONG!The flatbread was warm and was sweet and tart from the pears and blue cheese while the pot pie was so comforting yet decadent and flavorful.It was the perfect meal!I would most definitely recommend Avenue B for a great (but expensive) date! Make sure to make reservations ahead of time, they are booked any day of the week!
5	Such delicious food!Amazing atmosphere andit's BYOB!(b)
4	This restaurant is fantastic, but nothing mind blowing. It has a menu comparable to legume in the sense that everything is made with the freshest seasonal ingredients.  However...I prefer legume. We started the dinner with 2 appetizers: - Spare ribs with BBQ sauce - Smoked tuna strawberry salad Both were delicious.  The spare ribs were meat falling off the bone tender and the sauce was bbq sauce but more refined.  The smoked tuna on the salad made the appetizer worth it. For my main course: - arctic char and scallops with couscous The arctic char was nothing special but the scallops were AMAZING, unquestionably FRESH. Best part of the meal hands down (too bad there were only 2 pieces).  A friend had the ribeye which was also very tasty. I definitely enjoyed my meal at avenue b, but with a meal that comes at a hefty price, I don't know if it's worth another trip =/ If I'm paying that much, the food BETTER be mind blowing.
4	The chef really makes some challenging dishes.  The dishes incorporated seasonal local produce (we had ramps!).  All the menu choices are posted on the giant chalkboard and you get choices of sides.  The restuarant is small and seating area is very tight, but acceptable.  If you are looking for a contemporary menu that incorporates all many types of cuisine, look no further and bring a bottle of vino!
5	Great
3	Made a reservation for my boyfriend's birthday at Avenue B after reading a few Yelp reviews who suggested to do so. The restaurant space is small but cozy, and is also pretty quiet on a noise level basis so you're not shouting across the table. Similar to Salt of the Earth, they have their menus up on chalkboards however the chalkboard size and the fonts are smaller so we had a hard time reading, especially since there was a glare from the light from where we were sitting (it didn't seem very appropriate for us to get up and take a closer look since that might mean us intruding on someone else's dinner). Good concept in theory. I ordered the meatloaf which was good and my boyfriend ordered their special fish and chips, and unfortunately everything came out tempura fried for him which was not what he was envisioning from the way it was described by the waiter. And then because we were there for a celebration, we ordered their smore dessert. When we got the smores, it was a deconstructed version which unfortunately was a miss for us on this too. There were pieces of chocolate and we were suppose to drink or dip them into a chocolate liquid. We were confused. Needless to say we did not finish it.Ultimately the choices we picked at Avenue B were either not mind blowing or memorable for all the wrong reasons. I unfortunately don't think we'll be back given the prices we paid for our food though from what the other Yelpers are saying this would seem like a place right up our alley.
3	I really don't understand the rave reviews for this place.  I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt though and say maybe I just chose an off night.  The menu items the night I was there were just not that exciting.  I ended up going with the falafel and the squid ink pasta with shrimp.  The falafel was mediocre and rather small.  The squid ink pasta with shrimp was just OK, nothing special.  My other friends I came with had a similar experience with their dishes.  Also, the whole menu on the two chalk boards, super annoying.  Especially since where we were sitting there was no way to see them without getting up and looking at them and being intrusive on other people's dinners.  I was really turned off by it.  Overall, no real complaints about the service.  Will I be back? - Yes.  I feel like I need to give this place another try since their menu changes so frequently.
3	I recently had lunch with my cousin at Avenue B.  I saw all of the rave reviews and decided to try it.  It is a very nice place and has a good atmosphere.  However, I dont know what the fuss was all about.  My chicken salad sandwich was good...but i think it's a little pricey...
3	*** 1/2 I am always wary of newer restaurants in Pittsburgh, and I always have low expectations since Pittsburgh isn't considered a gourmet food city. I have to say for Pittsburgh, I was delighted with Avenue B! We were a group of eight and had the front table by the window. Our server was knowledgeable, friendly and patient. The atmosphere inside the small restaurant is upbeat, but not overly noisy and crowded. I would never sit outside on the sidewalk, though, as you have to contend not only with the people walking by, but also the fumes from the buses at the stop right outside the door. Street parking on a Friday night was easy! There is a small regular menu at the table which changes seasonally, but the ever-changing daily menu is up on chalkboards on either side of the room. Depending upon where you sit in the room, you may or may not be able to read the daily list. With help from my glasses, I could see most, but awkward angles made it difficult to read some of the available choices. I think that it would be a good idea if they had at least one copy of the daily menu in print at each table. The food was delicious, from the small plates to the main course. We shared several appetizers, lobster spring rolls, calamari, sashimi, all of which were flavorful and fresh. The soft shell crab and scallop entree was succulent, and the Kobe meatloaf was tasty. Nothing was over the top, but it was all very satisfying. Absolutely no complaints across the board, and remember, there were eight of us! The restaurant is BYOB. I am still trying to wrap my head around that concept, the good and the bad. Most of our group are wine drinkers so that we could bring better bottles of wines at reasonable prices rather than order from an overpriced wine list is a real plus. On the Filip's, I am more of a cocktail gal, typically a martini girl, and I can't envision bringing a big bottle of vodka, mixers, etc. Maybe that's what those mini bottles are for? All in all, a lovely experience. I definitely would go again, if the opportunity presented itself.
4	Finally, I've gotten to try Avenue B and wasn't disappointed. We ordered the Tuna 3 which was a big hit - very fresh and flavorful. I ordered the Grilled Tofu, and my friends ordered the squash ravioli and then the meatloaf (which is apparently a specialty of theirs). I have to admit that I wasn't a huge fan of my entree, the grilled tofu - it was just meh. But it might have to do more for the fact that I don't really enjoy grilled tofu. Why did I order this dish you might ask...well I wasn't really in the mood for meat or fish so I figured I'd give it a whirl. But for a vegetarian dish it wasn't awful. It was fairly light which is what I was looking for. I tried a sampling of my friends' entrees and they were very tasty. We decided to go for deserts and had the croissant bread pudding with caramel popcorn ice cream...there was actual popcorn - awesome...the bread pudding however was not so awesome...it was sorta weird and cheesy tasting, not my cup of tea. But we had the Fruit Loops, Coco Puffs, Cinnamon Toast ice cream combo which was delish! I guess after reading my own review, perhaps 3 stars would be sufficient, but I just can't help but think that this place has potential and so I'll give them the extra star for good measure and b/c I did enjoy the Tuna 3 and ice cream so damn much...I'm so easy to please! It's BYOB so we had a nice bottle of red wine to complement our dishes.
5	I've been here three times, and all have been great. While I did find a couple dishes that needed a bit more work, nearly all of the food was delicious, well-conceived, and beautiful. The Asian inspired dishes are consistently my favorite. Don't miss out on their side dishes, which are more complicated and flavorful than their simple description would lead you to believe. We recently had a summer squash side dish which was one of the best dishes for the evening. The deserts are also consistently amazing.Considering the restaurant is BYOB, you can have a fantastic meal out with wine without spending a fortune. It's a bit expensive to go regularly, but a perfect choice for a nice meal out every now and then.
3	It was a beautiful night, so we sat outside.  Although the tables are right at the bus stop, so there are buses starting and stopping, it was okay.  Inside (as we learned when we used the rest rooms) was MUCH noiser.The Food was EXCELLENT.  We had the tempura green beans and sweet potatoes to start.  Yummy.  For entrees, we had the signature Kobe meatloaf, which was very good.  No wonder it is the signature dish.  We also had the veggie/pesto tower, which was good, but small.  (was it a first course?  I didn't think so.).Dessert was worth the trip.  Croissant bread pudding served in strips alongside popcorn ice cream.  We might go again when it is warm enough to sit outside, but will be hesitant to go inside.
4	The pickiest eater in all of Pittsburgh and I dined here and we loved it.  Just goes to show you don't have to spend a fortune to eat well.  Very strategic placement right next to Shadyside Giant Eagle Marketsquare District (so you know the food is fresh!).  The sashimi appetizer was good but I almost threw it aside to get to the CHOCOLATE CHIPOTLE RIBS which in my mind is the best thing on the menu.  Delicious flavor and meat that fell off the bone.I got the signature dish, the Kobe meatloaf, and it was good but I think I'm not a meat and potatoes kind of girl.  In contrast, my companion got the fish which was much lighter and he enjoyed it.  Overall, wonderful experience!  It is BYOB BUT a warning, do not buy your wine at Giant Eagle across the street or else you will be wrangling with a small selection trapped inside a bothersome wine vending machine.
4	Went there for thursday lunch with a friend. Atmosphere is great. Ordered tomato bisque, kobe burger wit sweet potato fries, and pasta (the vegetarian one). Tomato bisque was a bit salty to our taste, but extremely rich and delicious. Kobe burger was SO juice and magnificent, don't know how else to describe it. Pasta was tasty too. Overall, great choice for special occasions!
4	Went to Avenue B for a lunch date. Enjoyed the server Maggie she was super nice and super friendly. Enough about Maggie though onto the num nums. My date and I ordered the same meals. So Ill only be reviewing two items. We had the Aged Cheddar Grilled Cheese with the Tomato Bisque soup and the Sun Dried Tomato Pesto & Arugula Flatbread. Flatbread: My flatbread was slightly burnt but edible nonetheless. I expected more sauce on the flatbread it kind of left me wanting more. Maybe the next time I go in I should ask them to go a little heavier on the sundried tomato pesto.Grilled Cheese: Is an adult version of grilled cheeese which comes with sliced tomatoes. The soup is a little too salty on its own but with the grilled cheese it made for a perfect pairing.All in all fairly good experience.By the way also had the Blueberry Mint Lemonade. Its more on the tart side so don't be afraid to ask for some of the mint infused simple syrup they use.Otherwise Avenue B is delicious. Ask for Maggie!
3	I went to Avenue B with my sister, whose boyfriend used to be a chef there.I was not sure if she was a little impartial towards it for that reason. I have to say, the food and ambiance was great. it is small, BYOB, and they write their menu on large chalkboards every night. We had an apple/fennel/gorgonzola salad. I had the kobe meatloaf and she had a grilled wahoo. For dessert we shared the lavender cake with panna cota. All of it was terrific. The kobe meatloaf was especially delicious and I really enjoyed the flavor.Only downfall- it is hard to get in (apparently you don't come unless you have a reservation) and it is quite pricey. The plates are all decorated and the portions are very small - in high end restaurant fashion. I dont mind spending $ on food when it is as tasty . . .  so all in all I would probably go back again, maybe on a date night.
5	Avenue B is easily my new favorite restaurant in Shadyside. The meal cost around $45 but it was definitely worth it. I ordered the pear flat bread, vegetable lasagna, and pear/peach cobbler. This was the first time I ever had pear cooked in a meal and it certainly won't be the last. The lasagna was made with a unique pastry textured pasta. The chipotle sauce on the side tasted amazing with the lasagna. The cobbler tasted good but again I may of just liked it because it was the first time I had pear cooked in a meal. I'm looking forward to my next visit to Avenue B!
4	Great atmosphere and service. Loved sashimi app, Kobe meatloaf--duck was good not great. Enough choices for husband w/ gluten issues. Appreciated reminder to bring wine when I made the res. Looking forward to a return visit.
4	What a cute little place!  It's uber tiny, but you get the feeling it will pack a big punch.  I opted to try out the lunch first because I was very intrigued by the grilled cheese and tomato soup I had read about in other reviews.  Sure enough, both were mighty fab!  There wasn't a thing I would change about the grilled cheese.  The bread (wheat or grain) was awesome and it was toasted perfectly.  Tomatoes inside were an added bonus.  But the real winner of was the cheese.  Oh Cheddar, oh cheddar, how I love thee!  It was sharp as could be and absolute melty goodness.  I was in cheesy heaven!The soup was definitely good, but not great.  I think it could have done with a little more pepper and a tad more cream to add to the bisque name.  It tasted just a tad too runny for bisque.  If I'm going to calorie overload on my bisque, you better commit with my heavy cream!  Service left a little bit to be desired.  She just seemed very unenthusiastic about everything.  I really enjoy asking the server about different menu items, to get their take on what they enjoy.  Maybe I'm too trusting, but I assume they've tried mostly everything and have opinions about them.  I mean, I wouldn't work in a place I hated their food (that's maybe why I stuffed myself with one too many EnP Superburgers back in my day).  She didn't really offer much....oh well, you can't always have a peppy server (Lord knows I wasn't all the time!).  I can't wait to go back and try the dinner.  Everything on the lunch menu sounded awesome, and I'm sure dinner would be just the same.  I'll be back with my bottle of red for BYOB BABY!
4	It is a small, cute place.  Creates nice atmosphere, in particular for special occasions.  Other than this, food is good but not the best ever.  Their selection is fairly small I could say (but I guess it suits its size as well :) ).  Service is very good; you do not get overwhelmed with questions but at the same time you have the attention you need.  By all means I will visit it again but it's not top on my list.
4	We decided to try Avenue B to celebrate a fellow Yelpers Birthday.  We're both lovers of anything BYOB, so Avenue B was a front runner from the beginning.  It's a cute little space tucked right on the corner of Centre.  Parking was a little tricky, but we expected that.  The exposed brick and chalkboards set the right tone for me.We started with the Gorgonzola flat bread and calamari.  Both were very good.  If I had to pick one over the other I'd go with the flat bread again.After reading all the rave reviews about the fish and chips, my decision was made before I walked in the door.   I chose the pan seared option on the fish and it was cooked perfectly.  The chips and the slaw that accompanied the dish met my expectations.  I'll definitely be back again.  The rest of the table ordered from the chalk board menu.  We had the tofu, veal medallions, and hanger steak.  We shared a side of brussels sprouts.  I'm not typically a fan of brussels sprouts, but Avenue B won me over.  Everyone really enjoyed their dinners!Looking forward to B Gourmet opening in Sewickley soon!
4	After some research we decided on this place for my birthday dinner.  The restaurant was on my yelp radar but I didn't know where it was (who knew it was tucked on the corner next to the market district, well I am guessing most people actually). The place is cozy with only about 10 tables.  The menu is compiled of the rotating "chalkboard" menu and the staple menu.  Both menus were intriguing, the gorgonzola flat bread peeked my attention for an app. We also started with the calamari.  Both apps were delish and devoured quickly.  I ordered the tofu noodle bowl which isn't a regular choice for me ( I don't eat red meat or pork) but there weren't too many "kate friendly" options. The entree was good don't get me wrong! The table enjoyed their veal, fish and chips, hanger steak! Pros: Cozy, BYOB, rotating specials, BYOB, BYOB, delish food. Cons: Service was not memorable, parking, not many "kate friendly" options (ha) Pros: We definitely be back!
4	For some reason, some kind of force in the world has kept me from wanting or even considering going here since it opened. It might have been the location - it's on the wrong side of Shadyside to be a good restaurant, right? Wrong. So wrong.I went here for a staff lunch and left full of amazing food. We split some great French pressed coffee while pondering the menu, until we were informed that was from last night's dinner - if there was something that we wanted on the menu, we could ask and they'd check with the kitchen. We asked if they could whip up some delicious truffle fries for us, they checked, and they did.Pittsburgh is getting really good about gourmet, seasoned fries and these were no exception. They arrived along-side delicious tempura-battered vegetables (om nom nom sweet potatoes), and a pear and Gorgonzola flatbread (also om nom nom).Being the sucker that I am for beet salads, ever since I went to Salt of the Earth I've been devouring them, I got the pistachio chicken, beet, and goat cheese salad. The chicken was pretty okay, it didn't knock my socks off, but chicken on salad isn't normally... a sock-knocker. However, I hear that three of my colleagues kobe-beef burgers were very tasty. Apparently they have a great cheese selection.I'll absolutely come back for dinner, but prepared to spend a lot more than I did at lunch. Big price changes between menus - probably with good reason.
5	We love this spot.- so much so that we had a private party here after our wedding last year.  Every single guest commented on the food multiple times.  Returned recently after many months of absence (because of a move, not because it isn't awesome!) and they had already realized we were coming in due to the reservation book- they were so sweet and attentive, and brought us complimentary vegetarian poutine amazingness.  Try this if you have a chance- you'll be shocked it's meatless.  The place always has a very friendly, easygoing, and intimate vibe in our experience.  Our server was very helpful, suggesting different food combinations so that we could squeeze in(to our bellies) everything we were craving.  I have now had chicken breast several ways there, always crisp skin with juicy meat and great, interesting flavors.  The Kobe meatloaf is always very good, and the husband always enjoys the fish entrees he gravitates towards.  I don't think you can go wrong here, it's just a matter of choosing what fits your tastes.  Have some fun with the creative sides and definitely DO NOT skip desert!
5	After getting off a late flight into Pittsburgh, I was starving and ready to see the city that was so new to me. Luckily my friends who I was visiting lived about a block away from Avenue B and were raving about it. We grabbed a few bottles of wine and walked over. As soon as I entered, I knew I would like this restaurant. The chalkboard menu and comfy interior made me feel at home. Our server came over right away, uncorked our wine and explained the menu. To start, our group split the pork belly lettuce wraps, the tuna 3 ways and the sweet potato and black bean taquitos. Although it was quite an eclectic mix of foods, I was impressed. I loved the lettuce wraps the most. The pork belly was perfection. The tuna was fresh and prepared in a variety of manners that I loved. The flavor of the taquitos was amplified by the addition of the sweet potato. Things were off to a good start.For my entree I got the fish and chips. I was able to get one piece of fish fried and the other grilled. Both were fantastic. I fell in love with the cole slaw and the chips were thick cut and perfectly seasoned. I snuck a few bites of my boyfriend's pork chop and was once again impressed. The pork chop was juicy and flavorful while the polenta was creamy and rich. Avenue B was my perfect introduction into Pittsburgh. Next time I travel back I will most definitely be ordering off that chalkboard menu!
3	I am going to have to go with a ok here. Most of that probably is because I went into this place expecting the "best restaurant in the burgh."The food was great. I ordered something that wasn't on their chalk board which made me nervous. It was organic chicken and quinoa. Perhaps I am different than most, but I expected the quinoa to be warm. I don't know if that is normal or not, but chilled quinoa on warm chicken was a bit... weird for me. The byob is a major plus. I love that about Pittsburgh! It was a perfect atmosphere for a date. My dates meal was much better than mine. Meatloaf I think? Anyways, the food was decent and atmosphere was great. I just wanted it to be more than great? And wanted my meal to be warm.
2	Well, after reading all the other reviews I am going to sound like a real downer, but here goes.  I went here for the first time for a birthday dinner with two friends, both of whom had been here before and loved it.  I got the red snapper.  My friends' meals were both extremely salty--one even commented that she would be a bloated mess in the morning!  Her scallops came, she looked at the plate and said, "Is that it?  Is this an appetizer?"  Five smallish scallops on a bed of wilted greens.  NOT a good choice for the hearty appetite! Her salad was very good, though.  My fish came, and I needed a sharp knife to saw through it!  I'm not kidding, it had the texture of cartilage!  I tasted it, made a face, and gave it to both friends to try.  One said, "wow it's fishy!" the other said, "You have to send this back, there's something wrong with it!"  The very gracious waitress came over and went to the kitchen.  When she returned she said the chef told her they were having problems with the fish and would I like to order something else.  SOOOO, why would you keep it on the menu????  I ordered an appetizer, the rock shrimp, because at this point my companions were almost finished with their food and I was still trying t o get an edible meal.  The shrimp was just ok.  Small, a bit chewy with mushy breading.   We got dessert, pineapple upside down cake, which was described as "traditional".  NOT.  Two little wedges of pineapple -flavored something with a scoop of cherry ice cream.  For $9, mind you!  My mom makes a better pineapple upside down cake!  I'm not cheap, but I do expect something pretty special for the prices they are charging. Anyway, and this was the shocker of the evening,  although neither the chef nor manager ever came to our table, our entire meal was comp'ed on the basis of that horrible fish.  An unexpected and frankly gracious move on someone's part.  Granted, the waitress recognized a repeat customer in my friend from her previous visits .  My friends were thrilled since they were buying me dinner!  lol.  The waitress got a nice tip, and though I had a very unsatisfying meal, I suppose I could be persuaded to go back and give them another try, as my friends stand by their initial assessment of this restaurant.  And the BYOB aspect is a plus!
5	This is my favorite restaurant in my neighborhood. They are known for their Kobe beef meatloaf, which is my go-to dish. This place is primarily a meat restaurant, so be careful if you have vegetarians in your group. The main room has a huge chalkboard with their specials, (of which there are always about a dozen). These include interesting appetizers and a few desserts, (though I've never had room for dessert here). The portions are surprisingly large considering the style of the place looks more like a large plate/small serving type joint.Personal favorites here are the swordfish, the meatloaf, and the pork chops. Its BYOB, so be sure to bring your favorite wine.
1	Let me preface this review by noting that I am a private chef and prefer food which focuses on the ingredient in it's most pure form.  That being said, maybe this was not the place for me to dine?  Taking into account though the positive reviews, menu, and location of the restaraunt, I thought this might be a positive dining experience.  The service was wonderful, but the food left a lot to be desired.  I found the style and description of the menu to be both misleading and inaccurate.  Nothing really came out on the plate the way it was described.  The food in particular was extremely over salted - almost to the point of being inedible.  The quality of the ingredient was average at best.  The plating was clustered, busy, and very sloppy.  Flavors were very disjointed and lacked balance.  I would have rather had dinner at the Whole Foods salad bar.  I wish I could find a positive note to make me come back for a second try, but I just can't find one.  The food was just not good - in fact it was pretty gross.
4	I had wanted to try this place for a while. After seeing it on the list of best BYOB places in Pittsburgh, I thought it was time to act. After pulling a couple bottles of red wine from my wine cellar and making reservations for a friday night, we drove to Shadyside (actually, I consider it more like borderline East Liberty). We got a table near the window and settled in. The chalkboard menu was a great supplement to the standard menu and listed specials on appetizers, salads, entrees, desserts. As we read each selection, we were convinced that there wasn't a bad choice among them. We all ordered from the chalkboard menu and started with some great apps including some spectacular tuna served three ways. Entree selections included center cut bone in pork chop and monkfish and sea scallops. Everything was PERFECTLY cooked and fresh. Incredible flavors and complementary blends of purees, capers and veggies were so well thought out and done to perfection. The monk fish may have been the best I've ever had. The scallops were so flavorful and prepared by a master. The pork chop was so tender and juicy - it tasted like you could only HOPE a good chop would taste.No disappointments at all - not even one. Corkage fee was only $2.50 a bottle. Service was outstanding and attentive without being annoying. The atmosphere is great and has a rustic feel, although a bit small. Tables are not too close together so you don't feel cramped. Once you sit down, you just feel like you're gonna have a good meal. It's that kind of place. Prices are quite  reasonable for the quality of food you get. I've paid far more and gotten far less. I can't think of any area that wasn't satisfactory hear. I will go back again! Maybe I should rate this as 4 1/2 stars!
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh.  I've been here 3 or 4 times for dinner.  The food is fresh, creative and tasty.  There are great vegetarian options.  The service is excellent.  They have a seasonal menu, and always have new specials.  It's on the pricey end for Pittsburgh, but isn't that expensive given the quality of the food. It's BYOB which is always a plus for me.
4	Are you considering Avenue B for dinner tonight? Well, you should be. Go ahead, ask some questions. Here are some answers--Yes. Great. Fantastic. Right away, actually. No way! You too?!Avenue B's main attraction (in the opinion of our seven-person party) are their muscles. Clams down the best muscles I have ever had. If I could do it again, I would get a few plates of the muscles. And then order a few hundred more to go. I don't even need to hit the gym anymore. Get it?!A friend of mine was celebrating his birthday last week, and so we, accompanied by his entire family, strolled in to Avenue B with a few bottles of red wine and a couple of growlers from East End (BYOB).I could waste the time to write out everything we ate, how it was cooked, and add in various side-comments, but I'll save the time and space to just simply comment that everything was delicious, I doubt you'll be dissatisfied, and you should try the mussels.
4	Yikes!  A great meal in a room that somehow seems intimate.  Love the mural on the wall outside!  The two chalkboards had some interesting selections and the printed seasonal menu had my mouth watering.  Very hard to make a decision on what to order.  The food at the other tables looked so good.  Our excellent waiter was able to describe and explain the ingredients and how everything is fresh.  The basket of bread with the seasoned whipped butter was great.  For "Beginnings" we ordered the Calamari which was very crispy and had a sharp spice edge.  For "Main Events" I had the Berkshire pork chop, basil spaetzle, grilled Treviso, peaches & hazelnuts.  The meal was wonderfully cooked and a great combo of flavors. For "Sweet" or desert we shared a desert that is two chocolate fudge rectangles on top of a chocolate cookie with homemade ice cream.  The fudge is so smooth and the the cookie is crispy.  But the ice cream was what we liked the most.   BYOB, and every table seemed to!
4	Avenue is a cute bistro-esque set restaurant with a chalkboard menu of specials. The wait staff is so on top of their game too! I had the kobe meatloaf which was delicious.
3	Somewhere between 3 and 4 stars.I have been there a few times, but I have postponed writing a review of Avenue B. I wish I could like it a tiny bit more to give a four stars, but it falls short of it.On the plus side, the room is very enjoyable. Small, but not crowded, with ample room between tables. Nice acoustic. Big black boards.The staff is helpful. And it's BYOB. And the food tends to be good.So, where's the catch? *tends* to be good... It's a bit unreliable, and it's rarely fantastic. For the price, and despite the BYOB option, I prefer the other high scale in Pittsburgh.My first time at Avenue B, a couple of years ago, the good was way too salty. This did not happen again, but some dishes I have tried have left me disappointed, although I have enjoyed others more. (Sorry not to give examples, I have no eaten there since early Fall.)I will probably back at some point, but that's not one of my go-to destinations in Pittsburgh.
5	Avenue B sits unassumingly on Centre Ave in Friendship and can be easy to miss if you're not looking for it- but you definitely should be.  There is not much seating so a reservation is probably needed, especially on weekends, but this little bistro is the perfect environment for a casual date night, special occasion, or random night out with friends.  As many others have commented it is BYOB and not sure if it was a fluke or not but they didn't even charge us a corkage fee!The menu is relatively small (a few regular seasonal menu items plus daily chalkboard options) but we still found ourselves overwhelmed by choice while reading through each delectable sounding description.  On our waitress's recommendation we started with the mussels ($12), which came in a smoked tomato sauce with grilled bread.  I do not say this lightly, folks- these are hands-down the best mussels I have ever had.  Not only were the mussels themselves delicious (and not a single dud in our bowl!), but the sauce was smoky, tangy and sweet and just thick enough to coat each little mollusk to perfection.  The rest of the meal followed suit and certainly did not disappoint.  I ordered one of the daily chalkboard items- hanger steak with braised onions, green beans with gorgonzola, and cous cous ($29) and my boyfriend ordered one of the regular menu items- the fish and chips (I believe with tilapia that day) with napa slaw and malt aioli ($22).  Both were cooked to perfection and packed with flavor.  We also ordered a side to share- the roasted cauliflower with cheese and truffle oil ($6)- which was also superb but probably not necessary given how full we were from our mussels and entrees.  Especially because the desserts sounded AMAZING and neither of us had any room to pack more in.  My only regret about this meal is that it took me so long to get here and try it out! Oh, and make sure you do not pass on the bread and butter-- you may have to man up and clear out a little more room in your stomach for the rest of the meal but it is worth every bite.
3	i wish i would have had more of an appetite the day i went here for lunch, because i'm pretty sure it could render 4 stars. anyway, when i got there, they had just opened so we were the only people in the whole place. the menu is short, but full of tempting dishes.we started with the vegetable tempura with a japanese aioli. aioli and tempura are two words i can almost never turn down, and they definitely delivered. the beans were my favorite of the veggies, but although the dish looked small, it just about filled both of us up before we even got our entrees.now, unfortunately my eyes were bigger than my stomach this day, so it's hard for me to really judge my entree, but basically, i enjoyed it, but i'd probably get something else next time. i got the turkey rachel. it was good, my only complaint was that i wasn't a big fan of the slaw... it was pretty much just pieces of lettuce and cabbage stuck on the sandwich. although, the sauce was good, so i took the leftovers home to finish.our server was super nice and gave us her opinion on several dishes, and the price was completely fair.
5	Been here a few times now. Always excellent. A great choice for a night out with good friends. Different and creative every time. Be sure to experience it...you will not be disappointed
4	I am big on the bistro circuit. When Avenue B first opened, I had an incredible meal here. I've been back a few times now and definitely enjoy it. Most recently I had dinner here during Restaurant Week. The food is great and it comes with a refreshing amount of creativity each time you visit. They use a giant chalkboard to let diners know about the daily menu that goes above their more consistently available items. I'd recommend heading for the chalkboard unless you're really pulled toward something on the main menu. The service here is generally great although our server last week was a bit pushy. I felt rushed and definitely felt pressed to buy above and beyond the set restaurant week menu. She could have been a bit more friendly for sure but our food courses were spaced well, which is a big service pet peeve for me if it gets botched up. Bottom line: if you want some upscale dining without busting open your wallet too much, Avenue B is an excellent choice. BYOB makes it an easy place to spend under $100 and still splurge for dessert!
4	Went on valentines day, Lobster corn dog, not so great, not worth $14. Loved the short ribs, best gnocchi's ever!  Honey bourbon glazed pork belly poutine was off the hook! (That's a good thing) BYOB...$5 corkage fee. We had nice romantic seats, service was spot on. Would definitely go again. Had to stop the wife from licking her plate!
5	I have eaten at Avenue B now 3 times.  Each time it has gotten better!  I went here on New Years eve with a friend for dinner and we had the most amazing oysters I have ever had!  Keep in mind its BYO, so there is no bar, so remember to bring your own!
4	I'm adding Avenue B to my list of go-to restaurants when I'm willing to spend a little more to get fantastic food. I've never had a bad meal here, and the food is always interesting. The menu changes constantly, which is fun too. They have a stable, non-changing menu (well, it's seasonal, but it doesn't change very week), and a list of items that change almost weekly up on the wall chalkboard.I have to admit that I've never had any of their non-rotating menu options, but hear that the kobe meatloaf is quite good. Because their menu changes constantly, I cannot tell you what to get, but I assure you that you'll be pleased with your meal, whatever your choice. The servers are also very willing to give advice (indeed, sometimes their opening description of the options can get a little TOO involved).My only complaint about Avenue B is the noise level. If you come in around 5:30 to 6:30. the noise level is perfectly acceptable. Or, come on a weekday. But, once the dining room fills up, it can be hard to hear a table-mate across a four top. I personally find that unacceptable, and am disappointed in the number of new restaurants in Pittsburgh that share this problem (Cure is another example). I understand that acoustics are difficult to manage in old buildings, but there are solutions that can be used. Don't forget - BYOB!
4	I came here for lunch during a work day and I was really pleased. The space is small and intimate, and I can imagine it being a great place for a date night or with some good friends in the evening. My co-worker and I started off with the romaine salad for an appetizer and split it, and I loved it! The tastes were perfect and the balance of dressing (usually my worry) couldn't have been better. For our meal, we each got one half of the chicken panini and the pulled pork with a small side of sweet potato fries. I'd have to say that while I was expecting the pork to be my favorite, the chicken probably came out on top, although I enjoyed them both just fine. The food quality was great and I thought the prices were perfect.I'll definitely be back for lunch again some time and look forward to a dinner night here!
5	I'm positively in love with this restaurant. After dining here once, I couldn't wait to go back. The 2nd time has me pining for a 3rd. I ate every dribble of sauce off my last dish there and snapped a photo of my friend licking her plate! Yep, THAT GOOD!It's tough not to order off the wall chalkboard menu but I did get the starter pork belly lettuce wraps last time from the actual menu. My husband shushed me because I apparently made a bit too much of an enthusiastic sound as I took my first bite. My fingers were sticky by the time I was done and I didn't care. I did share 1 with hubby and I believe he made a similar noise as what I did & I also remember him saying 'wow!' Pork belly cooked & sauced to absolute perfection.My chalkboard dinner entree was veal medallions with roasted root veggies, spinach & black truffle hollandaise that I didn't leave a single speck of on my plate. The veal was super tender and a really nicely sized portion, the sauce to die for! Service was fabulous on both of our visits. Reservations are always required here with some advance notice to get what you want. You must call because they aren't on Open Table. The restaurant is small and usually packed but there's still enough room between diners that you don't hear their conversations. They are also BYOB and the person taking our reservation even reminded us of that. Can't wait to go back!!!!
4	My friend and I have been meaning to try this place since it opened. The dinner menu is a bit expensive, so we wanted to try lunch. We had been unable to go, though, because of this place's scarce hours (No Sunday or Monday, I think?). Well, I finally went!The outside seating is gross. There is no way I'd want to sit outside next to the busy street and the bus stop. I know this isn't really something the restaurant can help, but it might be helpful if they could find a way to separate the seating from the bus stop a little better. My friend and I sat inside instead.The inside was cozy and quiet when we went. The decor is quite nice. Minimalist and tasteful. The chalkboard menu looked delicious, and perhaps sometime I'd like to come for dinner.I ordered the Cobb salad for lunch. It came with some flavorful toasted bread, which would have been better if it had a little butter on it. I think it was like rye bread or something...I wasn't sure, but it was tasty. My salad had: mixed greens, cucumbers, red onions, avocados, sliced cherry tomatoes, bacon, hard boiled eggs, chicken, blue cheese, red wine vinagrette, and buttermilk ranch dressing. It was a really yummy salad. They were not skimpy on the ingredients and everything was really fresh.My friend ordered the Kobe beef lunch burger with white cheddar cheese instead of the Midnight Cowboy cheese (which, by the way, is a creamy blue cheese). He ordered his burger medium rare, but it came out more like medium well to well done. It did not matter, as it was still plenty juicy. I had a bite of his burger and the patty was very juicy and had diced onions in it, which added to the flavor immensely. It was definitely a quality burger.I'd like to try this place again and get one of the more unusual orders other than a cobb salad. I was just really in the mood for a salad.My only negative thing to say was that I didn't think the service was all that great. It wasn't BAD by any means, but I had the feeling that the server thought my friend and I were not going to tip well. She did not seem happy at all to be waiting on us. She wasn't rude, but she wasn't really nice either. She was just blah the whole time. My friend and I both have worked in the restaurant industry for years, so this is the kind of thing that really peeves me because I know all too well when a server thinks that their customer will not tip them well. It's a double slap, considering we tip well.But anyway, other than that, it was a nice experience, and I would love to come back.
5	Excellent food and interesting choices. I went for lunch and had the Thai BBQ sandwich, which had some amazing pickled veggies in it that were just amazing. I also had the strawberry hazelnut cheesecake which was to die for - had small pieces of dark chocolate, hazelnut and sugar rocks. YUM!
2	I'd love to give this place three stars but for the price, and despite the nice and cozy room, I prefer the other high scale in Pittsburgh. The food was not warm enough, service was ok but I mean seriously there are much better restaurants (if you are willing to pay). This place is trying so hard to be a high end, small but warm place, but believe me there are other places with much much better food & atmosphere.
5	Outstanding food, quick service, reasonable prices, and you can bring your own bottle of wine. Need I say more?
4	Avenue B is worth going to. The menu is creative and diverse and tasty. There's a good vibe here and the owners work hard to keep things on point.
4	I have passed by this restaurant everything when I go shopping grocery at Giant Eagle. It's around 10-table restaurant, quite small for me. Their dish that was quite surprise me is Wagyu Meatloaf. Wagyu is a premium kind of beef, and I've never thought to use it for meatloaf. However, restaurant did pretty good with this dish. It's not an exact meatloaf. I considered it as a burger streak, rough grounded beef served with mashed potato and cherry tomatoes.
5	This was one of the best meals I have had in a while!  I have passed this place so many times going to Market District (right across the street on Centre Avenue) and never gave it much thought. Lately I have been hearing many great reviews and wanted to give it a try when some out of town guests were visiting.  I recommend making reservations as the restaurant has limited seating. I had to call twice to change the reservation and each time they made sure to tell us it was BYOB-a nice touch.  We were seated right away and our server was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.  My only complaint is the seating was tight (not much room to move around) and it got really noisy inside but expected for a Friday night.  The bread they brought out was delicious-warm and fresh baked. We ordered the lamb meatballs as an appetizer. It was a very small portion but oh so delicious served with a tasty Greek yogurt sauce.  For the main entree I went with their specialty, the meatloaf. It was amazing and I can see why it is so popular!  It also came with blue cheese mashed potatoes which were the best I have ever had and topped with onion straws to complete the flavor.  Another in our party ordered the short ribs with sweet potatoes and it was just as tasty.  We split an apple cobbler dessert which once again was a small portion but very good. I highly recommend this place for a special occasion!
4	Remarkable food in a very nice space.  The Mussels were cooked perfectly and tasted delicious.  The pork belly lettuce wraps were excellent. I ordered the Wagyu beef meatloaf because it is a "signature dish," however I did not think it was as remarkable as the other entrees I tasted.  This is a BYOB restaurant.  The chef seems passionate about preparing good food and the service is attentive and helpful.
5	OMG.  I was in town on business and went here for dinner.  It blew me away. A very playful, creative menu.  I am very impressed.  The food was outstanding.  I was only here for 4 nights.  I spent 2 of them here and that's only because they were closed in the first two.  I am a big foodie and have eaten in the best of the best in NYC.  I may have to make a special trip back to Pittsburgh just to visit Ave B.   Don't forget to bring your own wine as they are BYOB.
3	The shrimp and scallop appetizer was really great. The meatloaf was ok and the muscles were decent. Their homemade ice cream trio was a lot of flavors. I enjoyed it and I'm not that big into ice cream. There was definitely room for improvement but I left satisfied.
5	I have no idea how it has taken me this long to get back to Avenue B. Maybe it's because you have to call over a month in advance for a reservation at a normal time (unless you eat at 5 or 9:30). Seems that every time I call weeks in advance, I can never get a reservation. Why must you be so darn busy? Must be the amazing food, adorable atmosphere and incredible service. Did I mention that I love this place? If you asked me right now, where should we go for dinner, my answer would be Avenue B. If you asked me again tomorrow and then next day and the next, my answer would always be Avenue B. But seriously people, stop going there so I can actually get a reservation!This trip, I decided to go with one of the specials on the chalk board. A pasta with sausage, spinach and fresh cheese which was not mozzarella though the texture was the same. The best part of the meal? The "garlic crumbs" on the top. What are garlic crumbs and how do I find them so I can literally put them on everything I eat? I was also able to reach across the table and try the schezuan green beans. Didn't mix well with pasta but phenomenal on it's own. For dessert; I couldn't resist the holiday themed ice cream trio- chocolate thumbprint, sugar cookie and (I think) gingerbread. Hubs had to steal the bowl away from me to get a taste. Yet another incredible meal from Avenue B!
4	I wanted to try somewhere new, BJ said okay!  We picked Avenue B together.  Since they were not on Open Table, I was thinking that maybe they didn't take reservations.  I guess I should have called....Turns out, we had no problem table getting a table on a Saturday night.  This restaurant is small.  Probably only seats about 50 people.  We got a table along the wall.  The server was nice, but not overly helpful.  I mean it's like he was showing up for work, but not all that interested in it.  That's okay, we didn't really need his help with the menu..We started with a chalkboard special - beet salad.  It was great.  Yummy butter lettuce, golden beets, granny smith apples and candied walnuts.  The bread basket was also great, we were especially in love with the nutty bread.  For our meals, I got the Wagyu beef meatloaf.  So good, especially loved the goat cheese & chive whipped potatoes and huge pile of crispy onions.  What I didn't love was the raw spot in the middle.  BJ got a rustic portobello & grilled pepper lasagna.  He really liked it, I thought that the flavors were awesome.  For dessert, we shared a french toast bread pudding with popcorn and ice cream.  I am a lover of dessert, but this one was really a fail.  Our meal was good, minus a couple hick-ups.  We will try them, again in the future.  Also, don't forget - BYOB!
4	This gem of a BYOB is a welcome find in Pittsburgh. From what I gather, the menu changes often and erratically so my review may not actually help you pick what to order. That being said, I've already started writing so here goes.They did a squid ink dish with fish that really blew me out of the water. Also, the fish and chips is very, very good. The fall spice pork belly lettuce wraps didn't really impress me, but the other items more than made up for it.Instead of dessert, I supplemented my meal by ordering a "raw bar" dish. It consisted of a few different creative takes on sushi (a fish salad, a few basic nigiris, and a "deconstructed" maki roll). This was pricey but extremely clever.Avenue B seems oddly out of place, stationed in some random road in the 'burbs of Friendship. I applaud restaurant owners for striking out like this, bringing creative food to quiet areas that otherwise might be restricted to chain sandwich restaurants.
5	Most unforgetable restaurant in pittsburgh. Nice beef loaf and the maybe environment is alittle bit crowded but it's really romantic.
4	This place was fabulous! A few of us came here for dinner. The menu was so creative and ever changing. I wanted to try everything. It is BYOB though I didn't bring my own. For drinks I got water and iced tea. For a starter I got the Rainbow Roll and I was technically expecting a roll, but this came out as one big piece with layers. This was a new twist for me and I thought it was delicious. Then I got fish for the main course and I basically chowed down without saying much because it was that good. It was cooked and seasoned perfectly. All the sauces flowed well together. For dessert I had the bread pudding with the scoop of ice cream/popcorn. To me, this was so fun and tasty! I recommend it! I will definitely be coming back.The one issue I did have was with our waiter. He was polite and didn't let my iced tea run empty. Aside from his politeness, the serving skills were kind of off. I sat on the outside with my back facing to the rest of the seating area. He would basically reach across awkwardly with his arms in my face most of the time. I had no idea he was coming to deliver a dish or pick one up. I would be eating and BAM an arm would just appear next to my face. Startling.
4	This was a great option.  We were with a group of 8; friendly, fresh farm to table food, and terrific experience.  Would have been 5 star, but, I don't want to loosely use those markings!  Really good, I'm a fan
4	Meatloaf! Meatloaf! Meatloaf!I never thought in a million years I would order meatloaf at a restaurant, but after all of the positive reviews and a glowing recommendation by our server, I had to dive in.Let me just say it, this meatloaf is more like a ground up steak than your standard high-school cafeteria fair.  Moist, complex and paired with awesome onion straws and mashed potatoes.  The rest of B's menu is just as complex (though occasionally forgettable) and it plays a great Americana twist on some common staples.Add in the fact that it's getting rarer and rarer throughout the city to find good restaurants that still honor the BYOB calling, and Avenue B rounds it out as a fantastic double date spot!
4	Have been wanting to try this place for a long time as I love a good BYOB. The food here was great, the flat bread started was amazing, fish and chips great as well. The only downside here was the atmosphere, on a crowded night you can be seated pretty close to other groups, in my case it was a loud and obnoxious group sitting 2 feet away. That being said, Cafe Du Jour in the Southside still has my vote for best Pittsburgh BYOB.
5	In our search for all of the great restaurants of Pittsburgh I am thrilled to add Ave. B to the list.  It is in a gentryfing neighborhood but parking was much easier than Southside! The food was really fantastic,  We had dinner on a Saturday night.  It had a good crowd but was not super busy.  We had a reservation which is worth making because there is no bar to wait for a table. Probably because it is BYOB-which is great for your budget---just make sure to plan ahead.The decor is simple but nice with a cool vibe. The severs are VERY enthusiastic about the food in a "I must tell you every detail of the preparation" kind of way which is mostly endearing because everyone who works there is a foodie. It has the potential to get on your nerves after a while. The menu was not vast but everything we tried was delish.And the prices were quite good for the quality. I would highly recommend.  It is a pretty small space though so maybe not great for a large group but perfect for 2 couples or maybe 3.
5	This was the last restaurant on a list my boyfriend and I had made in the past year to go to and basically we saved the best for last! The decor and vibe is just so welcoming and relaxing. Our server was very informative and  very attentive, which I find is not so easy to come by!First we each got an appetizer. He got the mussels and I got the baby spinach salad. For me these are both crazy choices, but what's even crazier? I LOVED them both!!! I never and I mean never order salad out, but I really do enjoy baby spinach and strawberries. The best way to describe my love for that dish? I would have ordered that and only that and been happy.. The mussels were amazing and I don't even like mussels (or at least I didn't). Every flavor for both dishes were delicious and blended together perfectly.Next was the entree and I got the duck. Now I get duck almost every time I go out. But this, it was exceptional! Cooked perfectly and the cavatelli.. Oh that delicious gift from the heavens! Need I say more? And last is the meatloaf and my boyfriend was just over the moon for it! The best way to describe our love of this food is to say that we tried to have a conversation with each other during dinner, buttttt the food took over and all you could hear were silverware on plates and a deep breath every so often.And on top of all that, it's BYOB!
5	Outstanding meal every time.Start off with the Tuna cubed.  It's Tuna 3 different ways and every bit is a new flavor. If you are unsure about what to order, always go with the meatloaf, but anything you pick shouldn't disappoint.  They have fresh ingredients that make me question what other restaurants are doing wrong.  So much better than Salt of the Earth.Don't forget BYOB!
4	Wonderful, tasty, intelligent food and great service.  Nice ambience as well.  I only gave 4 stars instead of 5 because they described their tartare as sushi and even served it with chopsticks, however, it was simply tartare in the shape of a disc. No other resemblance to sushi :)  However they do a great job with their soups, salads, seafood, and desserts.  Their chocolate dessert is to die for.  A full meal for 2 with appetizers and desserts cost me ~$110, not bad for a special evening out.
5	My friend and I had the BEST meal in Pittsburgh tonite.  Having been here once for lunch (wagyu burger), I knew a return visit for dinner was happening.  We went on a Thursday evening at 7.  Reservations were made but were unnecessary.  We were seated by the windows next to a gentleman who was eating alone and reading a book - he got the seafood/squid ink pasta and the croissant dessert - he didnt look like a rookie at Avenue B.  The menu featured main courses that included ramps and morels - 2 ingredients I had never tried.  We asked the chef if he could create an appetizer with morels for us to try and he brought out a medley of fiddleheads, peas, & tons of morels - WOW!!  We had also ordered the bone marrow/pate starter which was equally amazing and a perfect pairing to our veggie sampler.  For the main meal we ordered the Wagyu meatloaf and Berkshire porkchop (to share) and to our surprise they had split the dishes and placed 1/2 of each dish on each of our plates!  The croissant (bread pudding-like) with caramel popcorn was recommended for dessert and was the perfect ending to our dinner experience at Avenue B.  Service was excellent.  Food was all around one of the best meals I've ever had.  Beautiful, yet simple space with an ordinary mission to serve good food.  We fell in love with this restaurant tonite and look forward to coming back when the seasonal and chalkboard dishes change again.  Bravo Avenue B!!  You are the reason Pittsburgh is becoming a foodie's heaven.
4	I took my ex-bf (a different one than I took to Cure) here for his birthday in March.  He told me he wanted to go out on Fri. for Sat. night, and I had to scramble to find a fine dining restaurant that (1) had decent reviews; (2) had availability; and (3) served Lent-friendly food (sorry, Cure!).  After much scrambling, we settled on Ave. B, and I was able to reserve a table for 5pm on Sat. morning.  Talk about last minute!We started off with a mussel appetizer from the chalkboard, which came with a tomato-based dipping sauce and cheese bread.  Although I enjoyed the mussels, I thought the sweetness of the sauce actually complemented the savoriness of the bread better than them!  For our entrees, we both had seafood entrees--mine was a pasta with prawns (head-on shrimp) and a cream sauce over some vegetables, and his was a swordfish plate (I believe), both also from the chalkboard.  We also ordered a side of truffled mashed potatoes to share.  While my entree was delicious, well-balanced, and well-presented, it wasn't quite up to the level of those I had at Cure and Legume.  After dinner, my ex ordered coffee, and I ordered the salted chocolate dessert with lemon sauce and olive oil ice cream.  This was, by far and away, the highlight of the meal, blowing the desserts I had at Cure and Legume out of the water.  It was a mouthwatering combination of sweetness and saltiness and textures that rocked my world!  Even the ex, who isn't generally a dessert fan, thought it was great.  Based on this experience, I highly recommend ordering dessert here.Service was excellent, as to be expected at a fine dining establishment--attentive and helpful, without being overbearing. Don't forget, Ave. B is BYOB, so be sure to bring your favorite wine to pair with your meal!  While this wasn't the best fine dining experience I've had in PGH, it was very good.  I'd love to come back for lunch sometime.
5	Out of this world.  We live in the N. Hills and head to this place as often as we can.  It's BYOB- don't forget.Just love it!!  Whether it's me and my husband or me and some friends, we always leave happy- VERY HAPPY!  I've never had anything here that I didn't like.  Last night my husband and I went for our anniversary.  The staff was super as usual.  Barry  was a great server and helped us pick.  Everything looked so good.  I got the pan seared sea bass and it just melted in my mouth like butter- the corn grits and blackberry were the perfect touch to complete the dish.  My husband got the flank steak and the presentation of that dish was really good.  He loved it.  The place is very simple.  Not stuffy at all but just enough- class and casual.  Even though it's a smaller dinning room they have it sectioned off well that you are not hanging out with the table next to you.  I also recommend their cafe in Sewickly- B Gourmet.  Totally different than the restaurant....well, except for the fact that food is great.  Go to either one and you won't be sorry.   LOVE AVENUE B!!!
5	Had dinner at Avenue B for the third time last night, four of us, all thrilled with each of the three courses.  The place just gets better.  The food choices are eclectic and exciting and varied and confident.  Presentation beautiful, wait staff friendly, informative, polite, and respectful.  It was a great meal/experience.  Highly recommend.  Chef, Chris Bonfili is doing a terrific job.
2	We've been here a couple of times and have liked it in general, and went recently specifically for the fish and chips, one of our favorite foods. The fish was good, striped bass--that was going to be served with skin on, but we insisted that couldn't happen, so they took it off. Fish fine, but no chips. Instead, potato crisps mixed in with the cole slaw in order to make them soggy it seems. Fish and chips just have to come with french fries!But, on the whole, food ok.  Ambience? completely terrible. We hadn't realized before just how noisy this place is. Terrible acoustics, unbearably loud. Not relaxing, not intimate, not friendly. We've written this one off, struck it off our list and won't go back, not even if they add french fries..
4	So, lunchtime, eh? This is a new experience, as dinner has been the chosen time for Ave. B. Do NOT worry about having a reservation. When I got there at 11, I could have told my friend, "I booked the whole place just for us!" Lol. Service was wonderful, and after being asked, the waitress was very up front about what she liked the best when she got to eat there for lunch. She recommended the falafel wrap, which my friend ordered. Holy crap, it was amazing. We both started with the grilled romaine salad with raspberries. It had a dressing on the side that definitely had a touch of anise. I thought the greens were exquisite, but the dressing was not to my taste as, say, a balsamic may have been.  Entrees were, as I mentioned, the amazing falafel wrap with sweet potato fries, and I ordered the miso-crusted salmon which came on a bed of seaweed salad, drizzled with a balsamic (?) or sesame glaze. OMG. The salmon was done perfectly-medium rare with the skin on! Yes!!!! All of the flavors mingled in a mix of deliciousness. Perfect playing. I snuck a bite of my friend's wrap and fries just to get  the taste, and I would easily recommend this dish. It may be what I get next time. My only experiential criticism is that the chalkboard menu is only for dinner. Really, though, it's hardly a complaint. Another great meal at Avenue B!
4	I had a great lunch here yesterday!  My friend and I both had the salmon with seaweed salad, and it was very good.  It's small and intimate, and the fact that it is a BYOB is a big plus.  The waiter was very nice and very accommodating.
3	I made a reservation beforehand so I wouldn't have to wait. Although, there weren't a lot of people there on a Thursday at 7pm. There were seats outside but since the restaurant is located on a busy street it's a bit unpleasant to sit there with all the traffic and noise. I opted to sit inside. The restaurant has seasonal dishes that change well, seasonally, and a chalkboard menu that changes weekly or so. I ordered the wagyu flank steak on the chalkboard menu. I wanted the steak medium rare but it came out more like medium rare plus/medium. The steak was almost too tender as if I was eating fat. There were definitely some parts of the steak that were just plain fat which was disappointing. The seasoning was ok plus/good.I think I would come back but I would probably order something else. Service was ok and the decor/ambiance was good.
5	Never let's ya down. Started our meal by beating the crowd. Began with a nice tomato and watermelon salad. Loved the lamb spring roll. It was paired with a sauce that you just wanted to lick the plate clean. The sushi roll was a great flip on a traditional roll. Once I got over the disappointment of not being able to use the chopsticks, I quickly forgot all about it. Well balanced layers of flavors. I had the day boat scallops and risotto cake. Cleaned my plate. Enough said. But a perfectly cooked scallop and a nice portion.Spouse had the chicken which was a very unexpected surprise. Tender as can be... And bursting with flavor. Perfectly seasoned Service was efficient and perfectly timed. Plenty of street parking with meters that are free after 6pm.
5	Avenue B...I'm very glad to meet you!   My entire party of 8 wanted to lick their plates.   Here are a few things to know about this place.- Everything we ordered was delicious.  You can't go wrong.   - They are vegetarian friendly.- The menu they give you has a very small selection, but then there are a whole bunch of other options on chalkboards (like more options than are on the actual menu).   Now, I do usually hate a chalkboard, but these were pretty visible.  There is more than one and the place is small enough that you can see them from your seat without too much trouble.   - BYOB with a reasonable corkage fee.  $5 for the first bottle and then $2.50 for each additional.   We had 6 bottles and I don't think he even charged for all.   - Service was great.  Prompt and friendly, with good descriptions of the menu items.  - Reservation just took an e-mail.   I requested separate checks with the reservation and the server already had the memo (which is rare).   We were seated on time and had plenty of space.Overall, this place is a winner and was a great start to my alphabet dining series.
5	My boyfriend and I made a dinner reservation for 8:30pm because they had nothing earlier than that, and i don't blame them because it is a small place and we tried to make a reservation for the day of. We got there a couple minutes late, but they still had our table waiting. It was just as small as we had imagined it, but it had a very romantic feel. It was crowded, but it wasn't too loud. The price was right as well for the quantity and the quality of the food.The bread was really good on it's own, but the buttery garlic spread was an excellent touch. We decided to not get an appetizers and get two desserts instead. My boyfriend got the "Roasted organic chicken breast, caramelized fennel & rapini cavatelli, saffron beurre blanc" off of the chalkboard menu which was mediocre at best. I thought the mustard sauce was okay and made the dish taste worse. The chicken was dry as well. I got the duck which was absolutely amazing. Everything was well cooked and seasoned really well for my dish. I would definitely get that again. We decided to go for two desserts. We got the olive oil ice cream with the brownie which was interesting. I thought that while eating both at the same time, you couldn't taste the ice cream. It was alright. We also got the caramel, pretzel sandwich with the caramelized green apples. This was the best dessert we have ever had and still rank it as the best dessert after going to other places. the caramel wasn't overpowering and the pretzels brought in the saltiness. The apples was a nice touch and added some sweet and sour flavor. All in all, the dinner was really good and still one of the best dinners we've had as a couple. I would highly recommend the duck and the caramel, pretzel sandwich for dessert. We plan on revisiting again!
5	Took me a while to write a review but after a rough dinner tonight, it reminded me how great Avenue B was by comparison. I went there a few weeks ago with a pretty large group. It was not my first time here but if you're not familiar it's a small, cozy space that can get pretty noisy but it's a casual environment that definitely has a flavor of refinement.  Our server Colin was great, he seemed to know the menu and have a genuine interest in it. Our group was pretty tough on him, considering we had a vegetarian, a girl who was pretending to be gluten free, and a bunch of carnivores. He gave suggestions for all situations without hesitation. It seemed like the kitchen was completely willing to accommodate. The first course consisted of mussels, sushi and some salad with beets and goat cheese. All were great but the mussels might be the best I've ever had. Very unique flavor. The second course was a pork chop with various fall accompaniments that tasted incredibly appropriate for the season. The pork chop was cooked a perfect medium which seems risky to a lot of people but that's the way it should go. When a place like this asks you how you want it cooked just say "however the chef recommends." Don't forget that this place is BYOB which we took advantage of. This is one of my favorite restaurants and I'll be back closer to the holidays soon.
3	While the food was delicious, a few things take away from the experience. BYOB is not ideal. Additionally, the dining area is somewhat crowded and noisy due to the tight space. I really like the menu and the unique offerings, but the other things I mention limit me rating this restaurant higher.
4	Can't believe we haven't been here before. Great little neighborhood bistro. Went on a busy Friday night and enjoyed a meal that was sophisticated while still being comforting, delicious, and enjoyable. No complaints. Service was fantastic and I love this is byob. Four stars instead of five because the appetizers we ordered were good but not great (flatbread was a bit boring for my liking, the chicken satay and pate was excellent, and the shishito peppers were good but nothing remarkable). Entrees were all great. Will definitely go back!
5	Have been meaning to check out this restaurant out for awhile!  I've heard good things from friends and I drive by it all the time!  Finally made it over for Restaurant week and we really enjoyed ourselves!The space isn't very big, but it's comfortable and has a lively vibe.  It seemed like a lot of small groups of friends catching up and kicking off the weekend.  It's also BYOB, so there were plenty of wine bottles on every table.Service was great.  Very knowledgeable and friendly, but not pushy or overly obtrusive.Some of the menu items are their staples (Chalkboard Menu) and some of the items change depending on the season and what they receive locally.  I think most of the items we had were seasonal, but we loved the eggplant appetizer and the roasted chicken breast the most!  The heirloom tomatato salad we had was also good, light and refreshing.  And the veal dish I had was also good, but just not as good as the chicken, which was juicy, flavorful and with a nice crispy skin!  Overall, I would definitely recommend checking out Avenue B if you're looking for a slightly nicer restaurant with reasonable prices and yummy food!
5	Just tried Avenue B for the first time last week, and will definitely be back again! Loved the atmosphere and our service was excellent...not to mention the delicious food! I had the Wagyu Beef meatloaf and was not disappointed! And it's BYOB, so what more can you ask for? Highly recommend Avenue B
4	Nice restaurant with a creative touch of wonderful flavors. I truly enjoyed this restaurant right down the street from the Marriott Hotel.
