4	Great palce for a pint a best bar food you will be able to find... they have great friend pickels and there steak sandwhich is pretty awesome... the place is kinda hard to find since it is in a house in a neighborhood and the line can be crazy long... but the food is worth it... go with a few friends and relaize that you will be there for a few hours... take you time and drinks some beers
5	All I can say is honey chicken.  One of the best pasta dishes I have ever had.  I'm not from Charlotte, but make it a point to eat it everytime I visit.  Locals living near the restaraunt know it by name.  I've heard the other food is also great, but I can't get off the honey chicken.  The staff was extremely friendly.
4	Bored at night at the Double Tree near the bus station in Charlotte I needed a better place to hang out.  Tired of hotel bars and expensive consultant watering pools I found myself looking for a out of the way neighborhood bar.Enter a young woman I met on a flight from BWI to CLT.  She told me about a cool neighborhood bar with 10 minutes of the hotel.  I sat on this information for  two weeks until last evening when I gave in and took a walk. Located in some cool neighborhood that I have no idea where in Charlotte is a really great bar with a very laid back atmosphere and genuine customers.  You enter the establishment and it takes you back to those old European bars in Amsterdam.  Dark, unassuming and quaint.  Service was top notch, and the food was excellent.  I have the Vegetarian Burger on Texas Toast with onions and tomato.  Pretty good in my book.  Done just right.  I topped it off with 2 Amstel Lights and some good conversation.  I need to find more places like this.  The great thing about A.M is it is not that easy to find.  And in this busy world we all live in t A.M is the place I want to be.Thanks Airtran girl, much appreicated!www.almikes.net
5	I recently moved to the Uptown area and have been frantically trying to experience every bar and restaurant the city has to offer to find my "go-to" joint. We were "tipped off" by a fellow Charlottinian about Alexander Michael's, and were intrigued by the directions he gave us to get there. "You're not far from it. Off the beaten path. Shortcut through the shrubs." I already liked it. Once we found the shortcut, we immediately smelled the food and followed our noses. It is tucked away in a residential area and if the food didn't smell so good you might walk right by it. We sat at the bar and needed to pull the candle closer in order to read the menu. If you take anything from this review let it be this: Honey. Garlic. BBQ Wings. YUM.I ordered the veggie burger as my main and was expecting nothing exciting, since most restaurants serve the usual warm-on-the-outside-cold-in-the-middle-sad-excuse-for-a-meal hockey puck. I was surprised that it was not only excellent and flavorful, but clearly home made. They had a great selection of micro-brewed beers in addition to the usual suspects, so my fiancee was happy from the moment we sat down. Laid back, fun and low-key, we definitely found our go-to joint. Oh, and ladies, watch out for the pole in the bathroom. You'll thank me later.
4	I really like a place where you can customize your burger and this place had turned that into an art.  There are an infinite number of ways to to get your burger done.  Plus they don't just have burgers, there are a ton of other options that are just as tasty.  They have a very impressive selection of beer too, so if you like adventure in that area give it a go.  It tends to get a little crowded around lunch time with all the bankers and whatnot, but still worth the trip.
4	It's a neighborhood place in one of Charlotte's nicest neighborhoods....the Fourth Ward.  The food is good.  The service is good.  The setting is GREAT!
5	Definitely my favorite "neighborhood-y" type of place in town--and, come to think of it, one of the only restaurants in town that has that sort of feel. Dark, cozy--just a really cool spot. Not far from uptown, but in a more residentially area than you'd expect. It even kinda looks like a house from the road. Great bar scene if you're looking to meet up for a few drinks (definitely not the type of place to really meet people or get sloppy, if that's what you're looking to do), with really cool, knowledgeable bartenders. Good food, too. Last time in, I had the wings (definitely above average) and a pulled-pork sandwich, which was great. Simple, American-style food but done well, with great ingredients. Definitely a great date place. Cool vibe and classy in an understated way--check it out!
5	My partner took me to Alexander Michael's last night for dinner.  When he lived in Uptown, he used to frequent the restaurant often, but it was my first time.  You could say I got my cherry popped.  Alexander Michael's is tucked away from the Uptown skyscrapers in the residential section.  You probably wouldn't see it unless you knew it was there.  It looks like it could be just another house on the quiet street.  There are no big signs for it and not a lot of discernable noise from the outside.  Once we got inside, though, we saw that it was quite packed.  We were lucky to get seated right away in the crowded room that resembled something of an English or Irish pub.  The lighting was low and the casually dressed crowd was "older" than a lot of Uptown bars, so we felt like we fit in with the 30- and 40-somethings. We started with a Woodchuck Cider (not everyone carries ciders!) and it was sweet, bubbly, and refreshing.  We enjoyed that our server wasn't overly attentive, but she was there whenever we needed to order and checked up on us only when necessary.  I tried the blackened catfish and my partner had the honey chicken.  Both were delicious.  Mine (accompanied by spicy black beans) had just the right amount of cajun flavor.  And the portion sizes were just right -- not enough to overfill you, but not enough to leave you hungry when you left.  It was definitely an enjoyable experience, and I look forward to returning to this new (to me).  The only disappoint is that we weren't able to see the famous pole that they talked about on the back of the menu.  It's located in the women's restroom and apparently it's caused quite a few bruises.  Funny!
4	I love Al Mike's. The restaurant is hidden in the beautiful First Ward neighborhood. They've got great food, a good beer list and a very chill atmosphere. I typically get the blue cheese burger, while my boyfriend loves to get the London broil sandwich or the pita chicken wrap with honey mustard. The fries and onion rings are delicious too. Plus, it's non-smoking, which I LOVE. I just wish it stayed open later.
5	Just wow. If you ever come to Charlotte, go to the 4th Ward... its one of the most interesting downtown residential neighborhoods I've ever been in. When you go there, make sure you stop in here for some fantastic people watching and great beers. Seriously, walking here transports you completely away from the hustle and bustle and rowdiness of Tryon.
4	Al Mike's is my favorite neighborhood bar in Charlotte, NC.  The only problem with it is that its too far away from my house!  :)  It is a treat to visit the 4th ward.  Great food, drinks, and company!
4	3.5 stars overall..bumped up to a 4 for being..."cozy".. as one of my friends put it.  Solid food and a good place to start out a night.  A good way to get away from all the new and experience something with true Charlotte style.
4	Wow, what a pleasant surprise!  I never would have known about Al Mike's (as it is known casually) without reading the reviews on Yelp.  Most people said very positive things, so we decided to go here for my birthday dinner.  There were 5 of us, and then 7 on a Saturday night.  Granted the weather was terrible, but we were easily seated at a comfortable table in the middle of the restaurant.  The waitress put up with our indecisiveness with grace and humor, and answered all of our questions very nicely.Our group started with the Fried Pickles, and even with that many people one order was enough.  Of course, if you know Fried Pickles you know that too much is not a good thing.  These were light and not greasy, even though they came out to us super-hot and fresh out of the fryer.  Their ranch dressing was wonderful, and really complimented the sharp dill taste of the pickles.Our entrees arrived very quickly, and our table ordered everything from one of the specials, to pasta, to a burrito.  All reports back on entrees were positive.  We had a vegetarian in the group and he was easily acommodated by their menu.My Feta Chicken dish was chicken (duh) served over penne pasta with lots of veggies and covered in feta cheese.  The taste of the dish was great, and my only complaints had to do with texture.  The sauce was more of a broth, which is how it was described in the menu, but I guess I was expecting a bit more structure to it.  And, the chicken was tough.  Flavorful, but tough.  The rest of the dish was great.  The feta was lively, and there were some wonderful mushrooms in the sauce that were a treat to discover every few forkfuls.Because it was my birthday, I got a free chocolate brownie!  It came out with a little candle in it, which was very sweet.  Our group also ordered the bread pudding.  Between the two desserts, I think the bread pudding might be the superb choice even though I'm a chocolate girl through and through.  It had a complex flavor that was just delightful.  The brownie was good, as really all brownies are.I prefer wine, and while the wine list is not extensive here I was perfectly happy with the pinot noir on the menu.  If you are a beer drinker, than this place has a ton of options for you!  The rest of my group drank beer, and heartily enjoyed it.I am so glad to have found Al Mike's, and I strongly recommend that you make the effort to find it in the 4th Ward.  It's easiest to get to off Graham Street - just turn south onto 9th and it's a block or so up the road.  Loved it!!!
5	Good Spot.
4	In the cutest neighborhood in Charlotte, is a great pub style joint perfect for a brew and some excellently prepared food.  It's a rub shoulders kind of joint with dark benches perfect for long conversations.
3	Okay it's a cool looking building with a nice little history. Other than that why are people peeing their pants for this place?I admit we only ordered fried pickles (which were good) so perhaps the food is superb. The beer selection was subpar (something I consider vital to have a good bar; either that or really really cheap specials). I'm glad I went once. Likely not again.
3	When I first moved to Charlotte more than a few people mentioned Alexander Michael's to me.  I had my expectations built up.  The place is solid and a decent pub/neighborhood restaurant.  I might have rated it better if people hadn't built it up to me so much before going.  If I lived near the place I would go pretty frequently for a beer or some food.  But I wouldn't go out of my way to get to it (like i would with some other Charlotte places).  All in all - a solid pub/neighborhood bar with some character but nothing earth shattering.
4	Great beer selection, laid back crowd.
3	We really liked the pub feel of this place and the location hidden among the houses. It could be easy to miss if you didn't know it was there. The inside didn't feel like a house at all, it was pretty dark inside, yet light enough to read the menu and socialize. The service was great, prompt refills, although we did wait an extended period of time to get our check. i had the buffalo chicken sandwich and Cajun fries. Wasn't a big fan of the buffalo chicken. i guess i prefer more sauce and flavor. It seemed like too much chicken and bun, with not enough flavor. i liked the Cajun fries for my side and they were a generously sized portion.We also tried the nachos. My special lady friend gave them a thumbs up. They were flour tortilla chips which seemed odd at first, but in the end seemed like a good choice. i'd like to go back another time when i can enjoy some drinks and try another menu selection.
3	Al Mike's, as it is locally known, is housed in a 1890's Victorian era building that housed the E.W. Berryhill Store for 70 years. During the 60's & 70's, the building housed multiple businesses, from a paint store, a thrift store, grocery store and delicatessen. In 1983, Michael Alexanders neighborhood tavern opened for business. A popular neighborhood institution, Al Mike's retains some interesting building characteristics, such as the supporting pole almost directly in front of the women's restroom door, which lends itself to many a bumped head as well as built in coolers that are original turn of the century ice box coolers. We dined on the Spicy Crab Soup, which one of my dining partners characterized as melted Velveeta with crab and while that description might sound rather unappealing, it was quite yummy. In addition to the three cheese on Texas Toast sandwich, which was ok, but a bit on the dry side, my other dining companions had other basics, such as sandwiches and burgers. This is tavern food, so don't go expecting high end meals. The appeal of this restaurant, as a visitor to Charlotte, is that it is located in the Fourth Ward, a small district of brick and Victorian buildings and the unique history of the building that houses Al Mike's.
4	The food is OK, but the selling point is it is one of the few places in Charlotte that has culture and history.  An old victorian building in a neighborhood that feels more like Charleston than Charlotte.  Tired of uptown chains and overprices bistros, head to this place.  Great beer selection and a pub feel make this a great pick.
4	Cute little bar tucked away in the 4th ward neighborhood.  Fun atmosphere - and apparently a big pole in the middle of the women's bathroom (see back of menu).  Had the nachos, fried pickles and the crawfish burrito, all of which were tasty.
4	Traditional, quaint, neighborhood-feel. Al Mike's is a personal favorite of mine in the Queen City. Try the Beef Stroganoff, it's the best in Charlotte. Wait staff is very accommodating (I.E. - no set menu exists!).
4	I don't live in Charlotte anymore, but when I did I spent many delightful evenings at Alexander Michael's. It is hidden in a little neighborhood in the fourth ward. If you aren't looking for it you might miss it.It can get busy, but the staff is super friendly and fast. You won't have to wait that long for a table. One of my favorite things about this place is their fried pickles. Now, if you live in Charlotte you might try to tell me that the Penguin has the best fried pickles. I would politely agree to disagree (well maybe not that politely, I am a little obsessive about food). Because these fried pickles are the perfect combo of grease and crunch. How I miss them . Another gem about this place is it's history, It is in an old Victorian house that I think used to be a mercantile. The decor is dark, and inviting. There is a booth in the back with a bench that just sits two. Perfect for a romantic rendezvous. Not too shabby of a  beer selection either.
4	Quaint, atmosphere and great food to boot. If you want to break from the norm, start here!
5	Love this place.  Great food and unique character.  A must if you live in Charlotte.
5	As always, the food here is just as amazing as the decor (old general store), atmosphere & staff.  You name it.  As many have said, this is "bar type" food but it is always so much better than that so I hate to put it in that genre.    We were seated very quickly as a waitress was already walking to greet us as we walked into the door.  We sat down & were checked on very regularly by whom I assuming is one of the owners.  Real cool laid back kind of guy.  As per usual, we got an order of wings (wild flavor) & I had my mind all made up to try something different today off of the menu (usually eat a burger or London broil sandwich), but was told of two specials that both sounded incredible.  The first one, grilled cheese with hearty chicken stew, is what I had.  My friend and his brother had the other special, meatloaf w/ onions on rye bread.  Everything was tasty and great as always.  The wings are hands down some of my favorite anywhere.  My friend also got some crab soup which he said was very good.  Hands down one of my favorite places in Charlotte and can say without a doubt have never even had a mediocre experience here, let alone a bad one.  Can't wait to go back.
5	Al Mike's gets 5 stars because the atmosphere and ambiance are so uncommonly wonderful. From the beautiful wooden ceiling to the lovingly salvaged bar, to the incredibly awesome beer fridge, everything inside says "Welcome. Stay awhile."second Ace: a lovingly selected beer list. Small, but thoughtful, this one had a few surprises even for me! There's big names like Duvel and Sierra Nevada, local beers from Asheville, Mooresville, and Charlotte, and even a few Germans you might not expect - Neumarkt and Moos are usually not beer producing cities you see in the US. Well, not Chicago anyway.third ace: the food. Since the restaurant industry is label-obsessed, I'll make one up: upgraded comfort pub grub. Could a few of the ingredients benefit from the upgrade? Sure. But this is not a "blow your mind with something new" kind of place. It is a "let you know that everything is right with the world by doing the simple things well" kind of place. For example: The meatloaf is tender and meaty. The Reuben -- a sandwich invented at the Blackstone Hotel in Omaha, NE, yeah, that's right NYC, take your 'We invented everything' God complex and stuff it! -- is solid with rye bread that leaves seeds in your teeth, an unabashed amount of salty sauerkraut, and just enough 1000 Island to moisten the affair.Fourth ace: Did I mention the beer fridge? It's just awesome.Now, I may not be a big city poker ace, but I do believe four aces is a mighty tough hand to beat.Checkmate!
4	I used Yelp for the first time after a friend of mine informed me of it's awesomeness.  I was looking for a fun night out with my husband and I came across Alexander Michael's, just by chance.  We live on in South Meck county and don't get to explore the depths of urban Charlotte very often so a field-trip was in order.  I'll start off by saying parking is awful!  If you do not live in the neighborhood and are planning to walk, be prepared.  Most of the parking is by residential-permit only.  We drove around for a good 20 minutes before finding a lot across from the Harris Teeter on W 6th street that was open to the public.  LOVED Alexander Michael's!  Loved it!  It's a warm, inviting oasis in the middle of the city.  I am an urban-girl by heart, begrudgingly living in the burbs, and this just reassured me that I will be back in the city as soon as the kids are grown and gone. My husband ordered us each a drink, (extensive beer list!) we gave our name to the host and hung out near the bar while we waited for our table.  Although the house was packed, tables were turning quickly.  We waited about 15 minutes for a table.  The staff is very fair about seating.  First-come, first-sat, kind of thing, regardless of your party size.  I would think you are taking your chances with the seating if you have a party any larger than 8 though because it's not a very big place.  We started out with the fried pickles.  A bit too salty but that didn't stop me from eating half of the basket.  The owner (I assumed it was the owner; a middle aged guy, very interested in what we thought of the place and very intimate with the menu) came by and chatted with us.  I asked what the house specialty was.  He was not specific about any dish but instead told me what the best sellers were.  I opted for the London broil sandwich and onion rings.  (A best seller)  Someone near us had just ordered it and it looked delicious.  My husband also ordered the London Broil sandwich.  (He does this often and it drives me crazy!)  But he asked for the broccoli slaw.  (Broccoli slaw was a bit bland but the onion rings were great!  The sandwich was pretty good too.)The staff was in no hurry and that was perfect.  We were not in a hurry.  Our meals came and I talked over and over again about how much I loved this place.  It wasn't the food so much as the atmosphere.  It was neighborhoody and warm.  The staff was incredibly nice and patient and we enjoyed ourselves and our urban experience.  I will go back again and I have no doubt it will, again, be an awesome experience. Thank you Yelp for leading me here!
4	A hidden gem in the oldest area of downtown.  An old victorian neighborhood in the midst of downtown Charlotte!  I love the Ruben!
4	I like this place a lot! Ive been a few times now and every time i go this place is packed but we get there at the right time cause I've never had to wait!! If you like wings the Garlic Honey wings are soooo good!! I would definitely recommend to come here they have good beers a good neighborhood feel and of course good food. The servers are very nice and helpful!!
5	Fantastic date place!!!  This little restaurant has fantastic apps and dinners.  My favorites are the Shrimp Marsala or the What It Is.  The crab soup is excellent also.  When I am there for dinner I always get a half and half with my meal.  But if you are just going for lunch get the chicken quesadillas - excellent.  Ladies!  Watch out for the pole!  Then take a walk around the beautiful Fourth Ward!
5	Definitely one of the best places to go in Charlotte.  The food is really good and the service is outstanding.  This is truly something for everyone on the menu.  The location is reason enough to go as the neighborhood is one of the more unique places in Charlotte.  The beer selection is also fantastic
4	This place is great for a chill dinner and drinks. A very laid back atmosphere makes it perfect for dinner before heading out or just relaxing all night. It has a bar atmosphere without the crazy drunks and extremely loud crowd. The food isn't 5 star, but you can never go wrong with Fried Pickles and the What It Is. YUM!
4	Good fried pickles. Good Chocolate Martini. When I moved to Charlotte someone took me here and then I didn't know anywhere else to go yet, so I would go here quite a lot - even took my visiting family here. It's a good bar, joint, eatery, but after I found more stuff, I never returned... not sure why..I do have fond memories of the chocolate martini...
4	Al Mike's looks like a house that turned their 1st floor into a bar. The atmosphere is really chill, and they have good cheap beers on tap and serve typical bar food. There was plenty of street parking when I went. My fave part of Al Mikes is that it's a very non-uptowny bar in uptown, check it out!Btw, what is with people and fried pickles?!
4	Nice food selections, great drinks of course.Great fourth ward place. My beef here is the lighting is just TOO dark. Cain't see the dang menus or nuthin! But a fine neighborhood bar.And fried pickles!!!
5	LOVE everything about this place.  Great atmosphere, great date place, great bar, and great food!  You must try the nachos!  Everything on the menu is good, and they have Warsteiner on tap!
3	We were taken here by a couple of locals (I guess we're locals now too though) on Wednesday night and fun was had.  It's got a busy, friendly vibe and overall satisfying food.The good: to contradict a previous reviewer, I found the beer selection to be quite respectable.  You've got mainstream goat piss, mainstream Irish, beer snob local, national and international.  I was very pleased by the Gaelic ale from Asheville.  Very pleased.  Also, the nachos were truly a work of art.  I can't stand flour tortillas but flour tortilla chips are great for this mouthwatering mountain of peppers, beans, tomatoes, olives, cream and little chicken bits.The ok: well, I found my pasta - the Honey Chicken - to be just ok.  The chicken itself was nice and juicy.  I don't know what I expected from the pasta.  I think it was overall a bit sweet, and perhaps a nice pungent feta topping would have broken that up a bit better. What it came with was a bland kind of Parmesan, I think.I might return and try something else on the menu - like their massive 1/2 pound burgers - and we'll see if it'll make me a fangirl.
4	Alexander Michael's is the quintessential go-to spot for solid food, good drinks and superb company all packaged into a quaint little spot in the 4th ward. Hubs and I used to frequent this sweet little spot fairly often when we lived Uptown. It's the perfect locale for a delicious burger or even better, in my opinion, an amazing chicken pita. I've tried a handful of different things at this stop, but I always go back to the pita. Plenty of moist, well seasoned bird stuffed into a fluffy, mouth watering pita, special sauce, cheese and lettuce and tomato. If I'm feeling all healthy schmealthy I go for a side salad or fruit, but their onion rings are pretty tasty too!The service has always been super friendly and laid back - just how I like it at this kind of joint. Next time my tummy's growling in the 4th ward I'll definitely make a trip back to Alexander Michael's!
4	I have to laugh b/c this is the second time I find myself quoting Nicole W. but she said it best "Alexander Michael's is the quintessential go-to spot for solid food, good drinks and superb company all packaged into a quaint little spot in the 4th ward."Especially if you live within walking distance, this is a place you will go again and again for an uncomplicated place to find simple food done right with quality beer selections.  I had the chicken pita.  I was not expecting that the chicken would be perfectly cooked, seasoned and the pita warm and robust.  A side of beans satisfied an additional protein craving without the temptation of the go-to french fries.The place is too cute explaining on the back of the menu why there is a beam in the ladies room which finds itself the victim of unsuspecting visitors who inevitably find themselves in close contact with the supporting structure.  They also give some history on the house which makes good reading while you wait for your first round to show up.  Small complaint that again, tv in the dining area.  I guess many people eat in front of the television at home and grow accustom to it?  Also, low ceilings make for a cozy atmosphere.  Probably not the #1 place for enjoying the natural sunlight of a gorgeous day.
4	Ok I stumbled over this place by being invited by a friend. I have lived in Charlotte for going on three months and had no idea this place exsisted.  It is tcuked away in a neighborhood right in downtown.  I hear this place is a establishment in Charlotte and has been around for a long time.  I now know why..  the food is fantastic! The fried pickles are a must a littel salty but good.  I had the Fried Chicken Special with Garlic mash with Gravy and it was GOOOOOOOODD!!!  My friend had the London Broil and looked amazing and the prices were so reasonable.  I highly recommend this place its a chance to see a good ol local hangout in the city of Charlotte.
4	This is my favorite watering hole when I am in Charlotte. A great place in a great area. The staff is great too.Typical bar food and when my group goes the place can count on cooking about 80% of the menu. You go for the burgers and wings, again it is a bar!Why do I have 4 stars instead of 5. Well, I can't find my girlfriend when I go. Each time I keep yelling for Stella! Oh Stella! where for art thou Stella. For thou art the beer for me Stella! Ok, I settle for Amstel but Dude! Stella is just so much better. Now, if Stella ever comes in then my star will rise!Another item. Make sure you watch out for the kitty who sleeps by the door. Mostly on the right hand side so don't step on her tail.See ya next month Alex!
4	This was our first visit to Alexander Mike's but picked it based of previous reviews =) and because it is not far from the Fillmore music venue. When we arrived, at about 5:30, it was still very quiet but began filling up fast (including other tables obviously going to the Carbon Leaf/Big Head Todd and the Monsters concert.) As soon as we walked in a server approached and guided us to a booth. Food: We started with the Crab meat Supreme Quesadilla app ($7.60). My girlfriend had the 4th Ward Stroganoff ($13.75) and I had the Feta Chicken ($13.95) as entrees. For drinks, she had a Duvel and I had a Hefeweizen and Oktoberfest on tap. As for the starter, I was not very impressed with the quesadilla. The menu advertises it has pepper jack cheese but I detected no pepper jack, just regular monterrey jack cheese. Also, I personally got two bites of crab meat (my girlfiend had several). Given the very mild flavors of crab and monterrey jack, this was a very bland quesadilla. Granted, it did come served with sides of sour cream and salsa and I thought the salsa was pretty good. I just would have preferred the actual quesadilla to stand on its own a bit. For the stroganoff, my girlfriend really enjoyed it and would have clean-plated it if she wasn't a carb watcher. I did steal a piece of the beef and thought it was very tasty with the red wine definitely coming through. My Feta chicken was also good (how can you go wrong with Feta?) with extra props going to the sauteed veggies that make up bed along with the penne pasta. They consisted of broccoli, mushrooms, red and green peppers and red onions. I thought they were very well cooked and the white wine/garlic saute was very tasty. The chicken itself was good though a touch overcooked but not enough to ruin the plate. Be advised that, as advertised, it does come sitting in a "broth" so is a wet dish. Our meal, including two pre-concert tequila shots ;-) and an appropriate tip, came to about $90 -- not cheap but we did splurge on alcohol a bit. Service: Our service was excellent with our waitress obviously very familiar the menu and restaurant. As a plus, as it got busier two owner/manager types stayed available in the dining area helping out and making sure everyone's visit was up to par. Atmosphere: This must be one of the big draws as AM is in an old converted house right in the middle of a residential neighborhood. All dark wood with a gorgeous bar, its easy to imagine coming here after work to just hangout for awhile. A couple of HD TV's are present, as well.  It is a fairly tight space, however, so I also imagine there must be times when it is standing room only. Food: 7/10; Service: 9/10; Value: 7/10; Atmosphere 10/10
5	One of my favorite spots in Charlotte. Definitely a locals spot. They have the best wings in town (Texas wild wings). They remembered my name after my first trip. Can't say enough about the place. Check it out.
5	Just had the London Broil Sandwich. Came in looking for a French dip but was convinced this was the way to go. The London Broil was loaded with meat, and really sweet onions and covered in cheese. Definitely satisfied the craving and did not disappoint!
5	Alexander Michael's is a hidden gem in the 4th Ward.  It's rare to see restaurants uptown remain open for 27 years, but you'll quickly find out why.  Its a pub with the charm of the Cheers bar (in a converted 100 yr. old house) and food that cannot be called "grub".I visited last week and felt immediately welcome in this cozy tavern. Despite the busyness of that night, we were served promptly  The server was quite friendly; she offered suggestions of her fav dishes and the most commonly ordered ones.  After seeing the positive reviews for the London Broil sandwich, I opted for this sandwich with onion rings.  .   The London Broil sandwich was moist and bursting with flavor, like it was slow cooked.  The onion rings tasted homemade.  My friend ordered the copious bread pudding dessert and found it quite tasty as it was covered in caramel sauce.I think Alexander Michael's exudes "chill" and this is what is so attractive about it.  The clientele was young and old; it neither felt like a country club or a college sports bar.  The TV's (though they show sporting events) don't distract from conversation like most sports bars and though there is a bar, I didn't see folks getting hammered on well drinks and PBR.  Great place to bring friends of all ages and family if they are visiting Charlotte.
5	We went there on a Friday night and the place was packed.  Staff greeted us immediately and sat us quickly.  Food was great.  We shared the fried pickles and had the crawfish burrito and the "what is it".  I can't stress enough on how excellent the services was.  For as crowded as they were it was quite amazing we were treated like royalty!
5	Love this place for its micro beers and spicy crab soup. The london broil looks amazing but i did not try it. Five people at my table ordered and greedily scarfed it down leaving crumbs not even fit for a mouse. Hehe ya that good! Can't wait to waunder in again and i love that they have local meats on there menu.Our server was so sweet too.
4	We had one night to go out to dinner during our recent Charlotte visit, and Al Mike's is where my friend wanted to take us.  Of course, I had to look up the reviews on Yelp before I agreed, and once I did, I was sold.  And now that I've been, I must say, Charlotte Yelpers, you are right on with this one!I love this incredibly charming historic restaurant and the 4th Ward neighborhood that surrounds it.  AM's atmosphere is warm and inviting.  Luckily, we arrived early on Saturday night (around 6:30), so we didn't have to wait for a table... (The restaurant did, however, fill up within a half hour).The highlights in my eyes:*great beer selection!*fried pickles! *burger*onion ringsIt was my first time ever trying fried pickles, and I'm a fan!  We devoured them as an appetizer for the table.  We weren't huge fans of the crab soup, and I'd stay away from salads... they are nothing special.The service was attentive with a snap of attitude.  I think they probably are friendlier toward their regulars, but that's fine by me.  If I lived in the area, I'd be a regular too!
4	Great place to take a date. Candles, bar, great food.
3	You know that house in college where all your stoner friends lived that had all those tie-dyed sheets up all over the place for "decor". Imagine they decided to open a restaurant serving a bunch of beers and expensive food. This is the vibe I get here.From the bearded bartender who looks like he just woke up, to the "holy crap it's so dark in here they need to turn on the lights" vibe, I don't really know what to make of this place.We decided not to eat at this place due to everything I wrote above, but enjoyed a few beers before moving on.If you're into beards and eating expensive food in the dark I think you'll really like this place, hippie.
5	Tried the bread pudding this weekend...PHENOMENAL!!!  Its a hot, sweet, gooey, cinnamon-flavored bread covered with caramel and two heaping dollops of whip cream.  Its a large portion, so be sure to leave room or invite a friend (preferably ME!!!).
4	One of our favorite cozy places to eat in Uptown.  Dark and cozy booths, good food, great drinks. Lots of fun memories.
4	Tucked away in a hundred year old building that was originally a General Store in the quaint 4th Ward neighborhood, this is what I call a destination restaurant.  You definitely would never just stumble upon it.  It was opened in 1983 by two Charlotte attorneys (A. Michael Troiano Jr & Alexander Copeland III), hence the name Alexander Michael's.  Great beer selection, friendly staff, fried pickles, tavern atmosphere.  WHAT IT IS and the BEEF STROGANOFF don't suck.  Dark, cozy and just a fun place to hang out!
4	I've been to Alexander Michael's a few times now and always have a great time.  It has a ton of character - tucked away on a little street of old houses in the 4th ward.  The wait staff is always friendly, there is a nice beer selection and I hear the food is good too (though I've never tried it).  The dining area takes up a large portion of the space and consists of very intimate, cozy booths and tables with dim lighting.  I believe it closes at 11, so it lends itself to a more relaxed crowd.
4	Hands down one of the best bars in Charlotte. Tucked away in a small side street in 4th ward, Alexander Michael's is the quintessential neighborhood bar.  Good solid, good drinks, and great company.
4	Nice being back there after so long. Just as friendly as I remembered and the food was even better. My favorite was the fried pickles!
4	Definitely a great  place to stop in for a beer and a good (not fussy or overpriced) bite to eat if you are in or near 4th Ward.  This place is a  Charlotte instititution! I have many fond memories of gathering with friends at Al Mike's throughout the 90's!
3	great location, good food, good atmosphere.Tucked away in 4th ward, Alexander Michaels is a great restaurant after a walk through the neighborhood.The restaurant is a little dark, but some good history about the place and a local favorite.For food: seasonally - the chicken pot pie is great, and everyday - the spicy crab soup is knock your socks off good.The rest is fine, the selection isn't the best. But overall, A-OK
4	Great place for a quick lunch...a big part of the reason I enjoy coming here is it is a quick walk from Uptown, and the stroll takes you past some pretty funky, old-timey houses in the 4th ward. Their burgers and sammies are all very good. I think I've had every sammich on their menu during one lunch or another, and have never given a single one a thumbs down. London Broil and the Cajun Catfish sammich are the best ones. And after perusing the bar menu, I have had to fight off the urge to order a beer to wash them down with every time as well, due to my presence being required back at work. I enjoy pubs that stock such a wide variety of beers, and this one also includes a rotation of fine ales from another favorite spot of mine, Olde Meck Brewery. I appreciate a bar who keeps it in the QC family! This bar is quaint...maybe a little TOO quaint. Being that it is in an old, renovated house, the seating can get cramped at times, especially during peak traffic hours. Service gets bogged down too, both by the level of traffic and unwieldy setup. However, these are nit-picky issues that are easily overlooked when good food and hospitable atmosphere are taken into account. I hope to come back when I can kick back and imbibe on some good libations! The food alone definitely warrants returning again and again.
3	(repost - since I'd originally had this under Andrew Blair's, and I confuse two-named things constantly)Weird. I feel like I ate at a totally different place than every other reviewer. Maybe ABs gets flustered when they try to put on their fancy-pants for Restaurant Week.Yeah, it's a little faux-pub, a little fratty, but there are only two TVs (god, my standards are dropping) and the food is cheap. What did I get? The nachos. What will I probably get every time I come? Said nachos. No art, no pretention - fried flour tortillas dusted with something aromatic and carefully smothered with black beans, cheese, tomatoes, and (tehehe) lettuce shreds we'll just go ahead and call chiffonade. Simple, textural, good. For 7 bucks. Jalapenos needed, my spicy friends, so ask. The size of your head, this pile, no, torso.It's 1994 up in this joint, and they don't give a damn - but it limits the veg selections. I can respect the beer list, and the service was quietly good. Darkish lighting. I had a feeling in the pit of my stomach underneath the 5 pounds of nacho that the place swims in RL polos and Sperrys on the wkends (and this is before I perused other yelper's thoughts on the subject) but for Monday night nosh, it competently hit the spot.
4	Incredible nachos.  Incredible food. Try their best sellers.  Atmosphere is quaint. Great for a casual date night. Enjoy!
3	My first impression was what a cute neighborhood! The historic and charming homes are such a treat in a city where everything seems brand new. Upon entering this pub-like restaurant/bar we were seated and greeted promptly. I ordered a cider on tap (a favorite of mine), a side salad, and the "What it is" . The star oddly enough was the salad, she said all their dressings were homemade and it certainly tasted that way.  The "What it is" was just ok in my opinion. I have had my share of amazing pasta dishes but never have been much of a rotini fan. The dish has a lot of dried herbs and I just prefer fresh...the chicken seemed almost too rubbed in cajun spice for my taste. That being said, I would like to give it another shot and order something else besides pasta ..I really am a tough critic in the Italian department. My biggest gripe of the night was the pace of service. I don't know if the server (or chef) had somewhere to be but she was going a mile a minute. I wanted to relax and enjoy my meal not be rushed in and out in less than 45minutes. My dinner came as half of my salad remained uneaten...and the salad was literally brought out in less than a minute after I ordered it. I realize its a small venue with limited seating but there wasn't anyone waiting for a table and last  I checked this was not at a fast food joint.
4	Luckily for me, this restaurant is only a five-minute walk from work so it's always one of my top choices for lunch. The London Broil sandwich wasn't as medium-rare as I'd ordered, but delicious nonetheless. One thing I appreciate about this restaurant is the frequency of daily-specials they offer during lunch. Everytime I've gone, they've offered at least two specials of the day, which shows some kitchen character. I'll definitely be back again.
4	Love Al Mike's! I love the daily specials that almost always include a fantastic salad and just the other day an authentic Cuban sandwich.  The decor is a mix between old school pub and cozy restaurant.  I've been here several times and seem to always get a salad because they normally do their salads with a spinach leaf base, throw in some pasta for good measure and top it off with fantastic grilled chicken.  It's a little off the beaten path which can be a breath of fresh air from the places to eat lunch or dinner down Tryon Street.  It looks to be built from one of the renovated homes there in the neighborhood with a 'dollhouse' style exterior in my opinion.  Cool character for a restaurant.One thing to note is that it's a bit dark in there because there isn't any overhead lighting or if there is, it's very minimal.  So if you sit back towards the back prepare to eat by candlelight (even at lunch).  The only windows are towards the front so that's why.
5	One of my favorite places to eat in Uptown. My go to dishes are the London broil entree and the what it is. Tried out most of the menu and can't say I've had anything bad. The daily specials are usually pretty great as well.
5	Wonderful place for lunch. Great service.love to visit this place
5	My regular stop whenever I am in Charlotte. Great service, comfortable place, location is not bad, and locally owned. Sure beats the old chains.
5	On Thursday, Aug. 18th, I had the pleasure of visiting Alexander Michael's for dinner.  This was probably the fifth or sixth time I have eaten at this local neighborhood gem, and I can assuredly tell you, this Alexander Michael's experience was just as good as the first.My date and I walked in pleasantly surprised that despite the warm, quiet, lazy, summer evening outside, Alexander Michael's was cool, dark, and very lively on the inside.  We were directly escorted to a table in the cozy restaurant, just behind the bar.  My date ordered the chicken pita with fries (I've taken a picture of it), I ordered the craw fish bake (see pic).  The bake was a cross between a shrimp pasta and a seafood casserole.  It was perfectly gooey and cheesy - but not heartstoppingly so.  As for my date's pita; she loved it.  I had a few bites and can attest to its legitimacy.  Both OUR MEALS WERE EXCELLENT!!  I am truly of fan of this elegant and intimate Charlotte jewel. To me, Alexander Michael's is a place where you can get elegant, all-american bar food, but with an upscale twist.  If you haven't been to Alexander Michael's - GO!  If you've already been, GO AGAIN!!
4	I agree with most of the group.  A hidden gem here in Charlotte.  As you sit in the restaurant and watch the horse and carriage go by, you feel like you're in some other city.Great atmosphere and food.This was me and my husband's first date...per my suggestion(he was new to town).
4	My husband and I were sent here a few years ago.  We were looking for a place for date night.  Although loud, it was great.  The story behind the building and its decor was interesting to read.  The food is good.  As most reviewers have stated, it is definitely a hidden gem.  Check it out!
4	One of my Favorite Resturants in Charlotte try the What it is you won't be disapointed !!
4	I am not one of those people who raves obsessively about Al Mike's but I do think that the place is unique and has a great ambiance. I have not yet tried the London Broil, which I've heard is one of their more popular dishes, but I have had the She-Crab soup and it is very delicious! The staff is always very friendly and I love the older wooden benches (They are similar to those of 300 East.) At night, candles are lit and it feels very comfy and cozy inside. I think this would be a good place for a first date but the menu isn't terribly extensive or expensive (if that's what you're going for on a first date...) You can order entrees, as well as salads or appetizers like quesadillas. The bar has a nice beer selection as well. It is located in the heart of 4th ward, snuggled between houses and cobble stone streets, which can make it a little difficult to find but perfect if you live in uptown and can walk to the restaurant while taking in the beautiful houses and scenery along the way.Full Disclosure: Ladies... if you want the REAL reason to visit Alexander Michaels, here it is.. COOPER. He is one hell of a handsome man that works here. I have seen him a few times while visiting here and he has been extremely helpful and charming each time. I sat at a table facing the door last time I was here and watched every single woman, young and old, swoon over Cooper as he greeted them at the door with a huge, bright smile. I am normally not impressed by the looks of most men but Good Lord help me if he is single. I don't think I could handle it. I also hope Cooper does not frequent Yelp.com... ;)
4	Back in Aug when I was out in Charlotte a co -worker took me to Alexander Michael's.  This place is a cute neighborhood gem.  I loved it!  It's removed from the main uptown area of Charlotte and it seems like this is the place where locals go.My dinner was awesome.  I ordered their blackend cat fish sandwich with fried pickles.  Yum!  Since, fried pickles don't exist in CA, I loved eating them while I was out in Charlotte.  If I'm ever back in Charlotte, I would eat at this place again.   ;o)
4	This was bar food heaven. Looks like a regular neighborhood bar on the outside and inside. We stopped by around 9 and there was about a 20 minute wait for a table. The places looks like it only fits about 75 people max. Waiting for a table we sat at the bar and I noticed they had a great beer selection on tap and I'm not talking Anhueser Busch B.S. Lots of craft beers and a good amount of local brews. I tried a few high ABV brews that were really good and put my head in another world. I had been in town for about 3 hours by this time I'm really liking Charlotte. For dinner I tried something called "What It Is". it's a Cajun pasta dish. Being Cajun, I was hesitant to try cajun food so far away from the deep south but they came though. I considered licking the plate. I was actually sopping up the sauce with bread like I usually only do at home. I was thoroughly impressed.
4	Neat place in the historic area of downtown Charlotte.  Walkable to all the tall buildings but feels like you are in a neighborhood.  Looks like an old-fashioned store with a tin roof.More of a pub than anything.  Don't look to be knocked out by the food.  But it's good.  Had a half turkey sandwich with gumbo for lunch.The bar is really cool though.  Good selection of beers including two highland beers from Asheville and other craft beers. I'll be back.
4	In 79 reviews, no one has given this place below 3 stars.  That should tell you all you need to know.  Consistently good bar food in a quiet, pub-like environment. Service is always consistent, too.  Nothing fancy - but that's perfect for me.  Go for the London Broil sammy at lunch.  Reasonably priced and delicious.If I had a magic wand and could change a few things about this restaurant, I'd focus on parking and adding more tables.  Street parking in a quiet neighborhood can be limited.  I've been here a handful of times when there has been a line out the door with people waiting for a table.  Both faults, however, are incredibly hard to control.
5	One of the best spots in all of Charlotte.  Great for business lunches.  The london broil sandwich is one of the best steak sandwiches I have ever had.  Nice atmosphere and good beer selection too.
4	There's something about the simplicity of this place, and the friendliness of the staff, that keeps bringing me back here. Since I've moved to Charlotte, I've tried the fried  pickles at almost every restaurant I've been to, and I have to say.. the ones at Alexander Michael's are among the top three in this city! The food is simple and tasty (even if you just want a simple garden burger, Cajun fried & a blue moon!) The atmosphere is cozy and unpretentious. It's a great place to visit even on a Monday evening!
5	The perfect pub: food, brews, atmosphere, service, prices
4	I love this place! The staff is always nice and friendly. On Thursday's they have Grateful Growers porkchops for dinner.  The food is solid and they have local beer on tap.  Locals refer to this as Al Mike's and it is a wonderful 4th Ward pub.
5	This place is a GEM!  A nice relaxing neighborhood restaurant.  The London Broil sandwich is awesome!  The crab soup is Awesome!  I got a turkey sandwich that was on special once and it was just OK.  I believe the owner works there everyday.  Good staff.  I can't wait to go back.  One of my favorites.
4	Great atmosphere and tucked neatly away in the 4th ward neighborhood, Alexander Michaels serves up pub food right.
5	Will continue to prop this place!Was back 3 weeks ago with 14 people.The wait folks are great, helpful, have a sense of humor, and give it right back at ya when you joke around.EVERYONE in the party was happy, full of beer and cholesterol, and had a great time. All for $1,000.00 less than Del Crisco's would cost me.This is my trademark location when I am in Charlotte!
5	Back again, 9 of us this time!Short and sweet.Say it with me people!"BURGERS, WINGS, AND BEER! OH MY!"Great place, Great Owner, Great employees!See you all soon!
4	I mentioned in an earlier review that I used to live in Charlotte.  When my ex and I started dating in 1985, he lived within walking distance.  We were there at least 3 nights a week and the only way I was able to pay off my Visa bill was to move.  They've always had a great drink selection and although I no longer eat beef, the burgers were the bomb.  On my most recent visit I was happily greeted by Steve, a mainstay who still remembered me.  I also revisited the fried pickles.  Lightly fried, but enough to remind me that I probably needed to have only this one helping.  The atmosphere is friendly and service fantastic.  Such a comfortable and comforting place.  This is my go-to spot anytime I am in uptown/downtown/anywhere in CLT.
4	My coworker insisted on driving me here for lunch instead of just walking to a restaurant near South Tryon. So there must be something special about it.  Alexander Michael's is a nice little bar/ restaurant located at the outskirt of Fourth Ward Uptown in the middle of a residential neighborhood. The set up was classy, and to my amusement I ended up having a candle-lit lunch with my macho coworkerFor lunch we both ordered a Reuben sandwich with cajun seasoned fries. The sandwiches were relatively smaller than other restaurants, but they were steaming hot with dijon mustard and were absolutely delicious! As for the fries, you can smell the cajun seasoning from far away which is absolutely mouth watering!I for sure will be back again!
5	This is definitely one of the few bars in the uptown (ish) area that doesn't feel like some sort of corporate cookie cutter joint. Combine that with good (german!) beer and you've got a real winner. They food isn't going to blow your mind per se but it's pretty good. Their fried pickles are among the best and the "what it is" chicken dish is hearty and satisfying.Solid comfort food/beer joint.
5	Great atmosphere great service great food!! Charlotte charm.
3	I wish I liked this place better than I do. First, I love this part of 4th Ward and make it a point to bring out-of-town guests through this neighborhood to show off just how cool Charlotte is with all its hidden gems. But my eating experience at AM was lack luster. The spicy crab soup was very good and I would come back for that. The menu looked wonderful and I didn't know where to begin . . .  so I went for the crawfish burrito cause it read as if it was going to be spicy and flavorful. Not so. All I could taste was the black beans. I took a bite of the London Broil sandwhich and was not impressed. I am still on the look out for a great sandwich shop.
5	Such a great low key place to go and have a great dinner. Their Fried pickles are amazing and have an awesome beer selection! This is my go to place for a fun relaxing evening dinner uptown.
4	Some folks in Charlotte will never get the pleasure of experiencing this great little spot unless they yelp it lol. It's nestled away in the 4th Ward area of uptown. Like much of uptown neighborhood restaurants, this home-turned-pub eatery has a great charm to it. The atmosphere is casual, the lighting is soft. A great place to go for dinner. Staff is very friendly and food is great. They have a creamy, Cajun chicken pasta that is top notch. It's called; "What it is". Definitely a keeper on my list.
4	I would have given 3.5.Some have given this place high marks just for being a great neighborhood bar but I am focused more on the food so can't speak to its bar life so to speak.The obvious high marks are what others have already simply stated...great, hidden gem, neighborhood feel, house converted, bla bla bla...Yes, that's all very true.  Bring your glasses if you have poor eyesight because this place is very dimly lit but I think it adds to the romantic aspect and it makes it pretty cozy.The service was mediocre...I have to give a shout out to the buff host that has been there all 3 times that I have.  He looks like an abercrombie model that moonlights as the host of Alexander Michael's.  He just makes me smile for some reason.  But as far as the wait staff..eh, ok.  They seemed overly busy and understaffed quite honestly.  I hated to even ask any questions to our waitress in fear of flight.  She didn't stick around and she seemed to just have too much going on in general.  Whatever, no big deal.  The food I think is consistently good.  The fried pickles are good, their cajun fries are crispy, good flavor, their other sides are OK, not amazing.  I tried their veggie and quinoa burger and I thought it was pretty good!  My friend had the burger and wasn't asked how she wanted it cooked so that was a BAD sign.  Not fresh.  Aaaand, it wasn't.  It was a little dry, not much flavor, just bleh in general.  The prices are right for their burgers and sandwhiches but they really should be based on the quality.They have other specials and regular meal items that may be amazing but overall I think everything is just basic, consistent, good, not great.I wouldn't go out of my way to go back but I wouldn't kick and scream if invited to go again.
4	Wow. Using the overused term "hidden gem" really doesn't do Alexander Michael's proper justice. This place is so tucked within Fourth Ward, you most likely wouldn't notice it even if you were to traipse the entire neighborhood. Which, in my opinion, really makes this place shine. There's no grandiose entry way or signage laid out in lights. Just an old house on the corner of 9th with low lighting and a cozy interior. HINT: If you've never been here, I'd recommend cutting all the way over to Graham St and then turning onto 9th. You can't turn down 9th from Tryon, as 9th is split into two sections and you won't be able to drive direct. Also, parking is sparse. Find a place around the neighborhood and walk a few blocks. There is plenty of residential 2hr parking on the streets. Sat at the bar and loved every creek and crack of the old floors and pillars. It's kind of tight quarters, but it gives it a cool pub feel. The taps coming directly out of the old cabinet style system is just gorgeous. Tons of local brews and some other fine beer choices were available. Didn't indulge as it was a 1pm lunch. I ended up order the london broil sandwich. Goodness gracious I'm glad I did, too. It was just right for lunch and paired with the pasta salad, you can't go wrong. Service is so friendly here. You really get the feeling that these people have been at it for a long time and keep it old school. If you haven't been or are on the fence, I highly recommend. Definitely one of the Uptown staples.
5	Run to Alexander Michael's this Christmas season for dinner or drinks.  You will thank me.   Tucked away in 4th Ward (which in and of itself is reason enough to head to A.M.) it is quaint and, right now, decorated with lovely garlands and greenery and twinkling lights (I love twinkly things).  It truly looks out of a movie.  And the houses around it are also decorated so sweetly.  A little bit magical.  I was a 4th Ward resident and kinda lived at A.M. for a few years and had not been in awhile.  We went  last night to meet friends for drinks and dinner before heading to one of my all-time favorite venues (The Fillmore... but I digress...).  Great beer selection.  We all had different meals-- nachos are delish (salsa not so much), my hubs said the burger was good, fried pickles (yum!), veggie pita was great, but you have to get the "what it is."  What it is sustained me for years.  I'm veggie now, so no chicken for me... but, it was good all those nights!While the food is not 5-star worthy, the atmosphere, the bar, the beer selection, the people, and the staff make this a 5-star establishment, for sure.
4	Good beer, solid pub atmosphere. Good friendly waitstaff.
5	Tucked away on the outskirts of uptown/downtown Charlotte sits the cute and quaint Alexander Michael's. While my best friend and his boyfriend were in town for the holidays, we decided to stop in here for a bite to eat.  It was after 1 PM & surprisingly, the place was still packed.  This isn't saying much, because the tavern is quite small. Luckily, there were some empty seats at the bar.They have a pretty extensive lunch menu & everything sounds good! I had a hard time choosing, but I went with the burger & cajun fries. (My second choice was the grilled cheese - maybe next time!)We didn't wait too long until our food arrived. Holy cow (pun intended), this burger was HUGE! There were plenty of fries, too!  The burger was so tasty. It was just the right amount of juicy, without said juicy running down your wrists & arms. The bun from local Nova's Bakery was a fantastic addition. Word of caution: you will have to cut this burger in half!  Needless to say I finished my entire burger...it was only right! I wasn't able to finish the fries, but they were hot & crispy & the cajun seasoning had just enough "bite"...it wasn't overpowering.The staff was so friendly & chatted frequently with us. They always made sure our glasses were filled & that we were enjoying our food. The prices are a bit pricey, but in my case, the portion equaled the price ($9).I'll definitely be back!
5	I been there twice, and was worried that the second time would be a let down. Not so - I love this bar. The best part: it's walkable from my place, most of the clientele was born in the 70's, they sell my favorite beer (Duvel), and have a greek-themed menu. Pretty much perfection for me.
5	One of my favorite places in Charlotte. Super cozy inside, food is something like mom would make. Great selection of local beers. Fried pickles from here are a must! Service is alway friendly, go there a few times and they will know you by name. If you haven't tried it yet, this Charlotte landmark is a must!
5	Can't believe I haven't reviewed AM yet!!  Thought I had a long long time ago.  Great great spot in the 4th ward.  I wish I had more excuses to go meet people here and drink and eat.When I used to work downtown I hiked over here (way away from everything downtown) but it is worth it!  If you only have 1hr for lunch... maybe not if you are rushing, but definitely come for dinner or drinks after work.  There's a really cool "neighborhood" feel to this place and everyone is in close quarters, but that's part of the charm of this place.  It's pretty dark and dim at night but it sets a cool mood for hanging out, watching a sports game, or catching up with people over some spirits.
5	On a Thursday evening recently, passing through Charlotte, NC, I checked out Yelp and chose Alexander Michael's from the choices available. It was better even than all the positive reviews had led me to expect. And the largely local clientele bore this out.A local "gem" in the shadows of Charlotte's downtown high-rises--in the city's 4th Ward--this saloon has quite a variety of beers on tap to complement their delicious food. I had a Babymaker 2x IPA to wash down my extraordinary "4th Ward Beef Stroganoff" on rigatoni. The restaurant was crowded and busy but I was greeted as I walked in the door and assured of a table soon, even though I was alone. In fact, the owner noticed that I had parked my car in a no-parking spot, walked out with me, and visually found me a safe place to put my car. When I told him how I came, he said he'd show me a quicker way back to my motel after I'd eaten. An hour later, he kept that promise, seeking me out despite the lingering crowd.  But more amazingly, when I got back to my room I check my email and found a message on LinkedIn, from HIM--informing me that I'd left my credit card behind at the table. How had he found me on LinkedIn? His effort was astonishing. Excellent and varied food, good drink, attentive and helpful wait people, and a cheerful crowd combine to make a visit to Alexander MIchael's a special night out and a haven for the traveler at the end of a day on the road. And a memory to renew when visiting Charlotte again.
4	Very nice place.  On the edge of uptown, but it doesn't really have an uptown feel.  Very cozy atmosphere and great food.
4	Awesome little place. When I was touring the 4th ward, a resident came out of his apartment and recommended "Al Mike's." Then another stranger walking down the sidewalk confirmed it was "really good." After unsolicited recommendations from two strangers, my fiance and I decided we couldn't not go. I love that it's truly a neighborhood pub - no parking lot surrounding it. The buffalo chicken sandwich and the cajun fries. The food and the beer selection are worth the trip.
3	I'm always looking for the local favorites (a grateful thank you to Katie from the Mint Museum Uptown for the recommendation). I have to say that the reviews for this wonderful local American pub are not misleading.Dark old school interior with lots of bead-board wainscoting, a tin ceiling, and a variety of vintage print material adorning the walls, the place is comfortable and inviting. The place was full and bustling on this particular Tuesday night (despite being past the dinner hour). The host (who I think has been tagged as "Ken" in an earlier review was friendly and found me a table for one immediately (a great corner booth that gives a good view of the establishment) and my waitress, Traci, was flawless. Clearly a neighborhood haunt, a wide variety of clientele were enjoying the evening making for some pleasant people watching.I really enjoyed my time at AM's, but I must confess that the food was good, but not great. The spicy crab soup was tasty, but not nearly spicy enough, and the 4th Ward Beef Stroganoff had a nice traditional flavor, but the sauce was too thin to stick to the meat or rotini or my ribs.My personal business travel rules discourage me from eating at the same place twice, but if I were in need of a good comfort food meal in a place with some good energy, Alexander Michael's would be on my short list.
2	I'm going to be the odd person and not give this place a glowing review.First off, the atmosphere is actually cool.  This is a true pub.  Beautiful dark wood is everywhere.  The staff is also very nice, no complaint there.The thing is, I don't really have a complaint, I'm just not impressed with the food.  I find it acceptable, but nothing special.  In fact, the menu is, to me, kinda boring.  I think the point of this place is more to go "have a few" after work and such.  When looking for great food in uptown, this place wouldn't make my list.  I do love that it's locally owned and operated, however, and harbor no ill feelings.
4	I really like this place.  What a gem of a find, and hunt you must the first time to locate this place.  Walking from uptown up to 9th, you will notice that it becomes very residential and a dead-end, so you may think you are in the wrong place, but you are in the right place.  This is a local tavern, with the charm and hospitality.  Coming here makes you wish you had Alexander Michaels in your neighborhood.  The workers are very welcoming and efficient.  They are quick to take your orders, fill your drinks, and come back often.  The food options are great and too many to choose from.  I wanted to try the pastas as I saw several go by my table, but I went for the daily special, the boneless fried chicken and mashed, and a choice of side, and I was happy.  My friend got the burger and it was tasty too.  Top it all of with a nice selection of local Carolina beers on draft, and you have a great evening.  If I ever get back to Charlotte Al Mike's is on the must return list.
4	Went for dinner and really enjoyed it.  It was a Thursday night at 8 and the place was full but we didn't wait at all as I think we got the last table.  I've been here one other time on a Friday or Saturday and we had to wait 30 minutes for a table of 2.  The service was good and pretty quick for how busy they were.We tried the Ruben and it was one of the better Rubens we have had.  The sides were a little better than average, but the broccoli slaw was outstanding.  We also had the London broil, better than average but just a little tough.  The jerk chicken quesadilla was amazing and we would definitely get it again.We will come back here for sure, for the food, the good beer selection, and the chill atmosphere.  A great place.  Would have given five stars had the menu been a little bigger offering more variety.
4	This is by far one of my favorite places in Charlotte.  It has a very chill atmosphere and the food is great.  This is a great first date spot.
4	Great sandwich.
4	I have visited Charlotte many times but had not been to the restaurant before last weekend. This is the perfect place to go for good food, beer and atmosphere.Its a real gem, tucked away but worth looking for and is firmly on my list of favorites in Charlotte.If I lived in Charlotte I would be a regular.
4	Great place tucked away in 4th ward. You'd never know it was there. Only caveat is that parking is near-impossible. Strict street parking rules make it tough to come here if you're driving. London broil Sandwhich was clutch. Good ambiance as well. Hope to return soon.
4	Atmosphere was good, service was good, menu was limited, BUT the Cheese Cake was incredible, the desert is what pushed my review to 4 stars.However, the "What it's All About" chicken was very good.  I was disappointed I couldn't substitute for the potatoes, bummer.
4	I really enjoyed this restaurant. It was inviting, and the food was good. We had the nacho appetizer which was big enough for both of us. The black beans with all the salad yummies could have been a meal in itself. No room for dessert!
5	This place is amazing. It is a hidden restaurant right in uptown Charlotte. The food is amazing. The drinks are amazing, especially the beer selection. It is also a very good place for date night, bro night, or just night. It is so good. :D Parking is on the street and it is only for two hours without permit. Just FYI. :D
5	Stopped by here for an early lunch. The place wasn't crowded at all so we were immediately seated and got our drinks. The waitress and other employees were very friendly and were always around when we needed something. The food was delicious. I had the Mikes Hot Turkey Sandwich, which was pretty unique, but very flavorful. The turkey was juicy and had great flavor and the gravy was also well made on it. Alexander Michaels is definitely a place I will return to on my trip to Charlotte.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte! It was recommended to me as a "Charlotte institution" when I moved here in 2007 and I'm so glad it was! I always tend to visit during the colder months, something about the atmosphere is just comfortable for cold weather. The beer selection is top notch as is the service. My favorite menu items are What It Is, the crawfish burrito and the fried pickles.  Really love the bread pudding for dessert.
4	Need a good, unique date spot? Here's the place. Great little hidden gem in uptown's historic 4th Ward neighborhood.Food: First things first... whatever meal you get make sure to get a cup or bowl of the spicy crab soup. Money. Not so hungry or just want a snack? The fried pickles are spot on. The London Broil is just fantastic. The marinade they use on it is super delicious. Dinner version comes sliced up in entree form... lunch as a sandwich. You get a side item with both.Bar: They have a good selection of local beers. If the restaurant is busy and you can't get a table... sit here. The service is always top notch.Parking: there is a lot less than a block from the restaurant between Graham and Pine. There seems to be a lot of confusion surrounding parking here. I think a lot of it is because the signs are kind of confusing. You can park there for two hours without a parking permit. Bonus: had too much to drink and need to take a cab? The A Mike's staff will you show you where you can park your car overnight.I love to bring out of town guests here. Such a charming place in a great neighborhood. Warm, welcoming, homey atmosphere.
5	This place is great, great place to have lunch and the spicy crab soup is to die for. Ask for Milt best guy in the place. I live in 4th Ward and get takeout from here all the time
5	Had a great time at Al Miike's this week. The Food was greatl The locals and the staff or great for company. The bartender suggested Today's Special, meatloaf, mash, and gravy. Awesome comfort food to go along with the warm welcoming locally owned and managed bar and restaurant. If you haven't been to Al Mikes, you are truly missing out on an amazing all around warm neighborhood tavern experience. Charlotte's version of Cheers... where you can feel like, "everybody knows your name."
5	Perfect hole in the wall, true pub. The half pound burger is maybe the best I've ever had and the selection of local brews is the perfect compliment. If you are a local looking for a "regular spot," or a tourist looking for that "place only the locals know about," Al Mike's is it!
4	In Charlotte for business and wanted some good local fair.  Fired up the Yelp and see Alexander Michael's getting awesome scores.  The map says 1.5 miles away and I don't have a car - going to have to hoof it.Show up about 7:30pm on a Wed.  Place wasn't crowded at all and I got sat right away.  The staff was nice.  I ordered the Fried Pickles as an appetizer.  Some people say they are too salty and I say, "Well, they're pickles."  They get paired up with a cup of ranch, but I think they would have been better with Blue Cheese.  Hint: use just a little ranch on your fried pickle.Next up was a bowl of Spicy Crab Soup.  This is pretty much an enchilada soup with crab meat in it.  Not that that's a bad thing.  It's good soup.  But spicy?  No.  No it is not.Main course is the Blackened Catfish Sandwich.  This right here is what I'm talking about.  The filet is a monster.  A tasty, flakey monster.  They pair it up with a tarter sauce (did I detect a pepper in there?  Chipotle maybe?) and some kind of other sauce that was like a chunky salsa/sweet-n-sour thing.  Doesn't matter.  I dumped both of them on.  It was tasty as all get out.  I devoured the enormous sandwich. The side dish I chose was the Broccoli Slaw and honestly, it tasted like 'healthy'.  Skip it.  Do the cajun fries instead.
4	Cool, cozy spot in the 4th ward. Parking was a little difficult but their website gives enough info on where to park and where not to park. Very sex dimly lit bar, great for casual dates. Food was wholesome and filling though not extremely exciting. That's okay in my mind since it is a neighborhood restaurant that is really there to keep its community full, not rob their wallets. I'd go again for a beer and a burger.
5	This is our neighborhood tavern and I love taking out-of-town guests here.  The food is great and has a homestyle quality.  Our favorites are the fried pickles app, Beef Stroganoff and "What it Is" (a nicely spiced chicken in a Cajun cream sauce over Rotini).  It's a feel-good place that definitely notices you when you walk in and remembers you when you come back.  We love the bartenders...nothing like having your favorite drink poured and ready for you AS you settle into your barstool!  And...they carry Gentleman Jack : )
4	The spicy crab soup and the chicken leek  soup were delicious and I suspect homemade. The Ruben washed down with the Mecktoberfest beer was a good combo.  Very good lunch and would come back to try the dinner menu.
5	Best meal I've had since moving back from Columbus! If you are ever in the area, Alexander Michael's is a must eat. I had Cajun Cream Chicken Alfredo and by far one of the best cream sauces I've had in a long time. Nothing beats prepared from scratch. The service was impeccable, not hovering over us and pressuring us to order. She made us feel like we were her only table. The prices were very reasonable and I would've paid a lot more for what I ate.Thanks Alexander Michael's and Charlotte's Fourth Ward for an awesome end to my to short of a visit!
5	This a wonderful neighborhood bar and restaurant!  The type place you can find in Atlanta or other large city.  The food is very good and the service is excellent.  The draft beer selection is good.  I highly recommend this place.
5	My family and I were in Charlotte, North Carolina and decided to stop here because of Yelp. As it turns out this was the best restaurant wr have been to in a while. Quality food, large portions, relatively fast seating, and great service.
3	I am beginning to wonder if I'm the outlier of the group, or avoiding the trappings of groupthink.  I just don't get all the adoration.Location, decor, and ambiance, all get five stars.  Alexander Michael's brings everything we love about pubs and taverns to life.  Tucked in a nook of the 4th ward, Alexander Michael's adds a welcoming place to meet some friends, in an already welcoming neighborhood.Great taverns always have a few things in common:  They feel sturdy, heavy and warm.  There is always a boisterous excitement that still allows for secluded conversation, while beaming with cheer and brotherhood.The food though, just not that great.  Alexander Michael's is the type of place that I love to hang out and belly up...and I probably would if I lived in the neighborhood.  I'd just plan on eating before I came here.
5	A down home family restaurant and bar .... Irish style... I feel like I'm home ! Great food, great service.If you like the warmth of dark wood paneling, old style bars and that kind of special feeling some real Irish pubs have (in Ireland I mean) then this place is for you. The setting just enhances the cozy menu with its homey grilled cheese and chili, London broil sandwich and the lightest onion rings I've ever had.It's even a family run business and if you're lucky, you might even meet the younger family members helping out some afternoon like we did ... Made the day even more special!
5	I recently moved to the neighborhood and finally got around to having lunch here today. Most excellent! I look forward to coming back soon for dinner. Try the Cajun fries, they're great.
4	Alexander Michaels has become a Charlotte institution.  It has great food and a cozy atmosphere within the heart of Charlotte's oldest neighborhoods.
5	Alexander Michael's is one of my favorite places to go in Charlotte.  The aesthetic feel is very homey, and the service is excellent.  I have never been disappointed with anything I have ordered Alexander Michael's.  I would recommend the pasta dishes, burgers, london broil sandwich, wings, and jerk chicken quesadillas.  The pricing is very reasonable as well.  Do yourself a favor and dine at Alexander Michael's.
2	I haven't been to this place  in a VERY LONG time. Years ago, this was a regular spot. I remembered the room was dark, food was good, and the infamous pole in the lady's room. So on a recent cold winter night, while Melissa & I were trying to figure out where to eat, knowing this is her regular spot, I said Alexander Michael's!Parking is always a challenge. Luckily we got a spot down the road off the side street. However the darkness is a little creepy... I feel like I need a buddy system to park there (find a friend, hold hands, and walk together like we were in grade school).  The embiance was perfect for a cold night with the lit candles and closely spaced seatings. We got a table very quickly, but that's as much service as we got that night. There wasn't any incident. The waitress wasn't rude, but she just wasn't there. For a small place like this, it should be pretty easy to take good care of every table.  The food was ok as well. I ordered the london broil sandwich with the soup as side. I forgot the "crab" soup was made with fake crab, which I think should be illegal to be called crab. My sandwich had enough meat on it that I pretty much just ate all the meat, which was average. Tender enough, not too much taste to it.  I guess for $9.50 I couldn't complain. Years later, I felt that their menu was limited, a little overpriced, and seems to be lacking a spark in general with food and service.I will give it a 2nd chance and visit again, maybe not anytime soon.
5	By far my favorite place in Charlotte. The atmosphere and service are outstanding. Al Mike's is my first recommendation anytime someone asks where to eat. My only request.. Bring back Octoberfeast! Fried pickles are the best in town!
4	As much as it was mentioned in every single tourist guide i could find of Charlotte, this is a homey, family restaurant with soul and a great vibe to it, NOT a tourist-magnet in any way shape of form. The people that work there were down-to-earth and friendly to the core. The service was swift, the mood great, the food delicious. What else to say? Love that place!TIP: Try their fried pickles! Oh my sweet goodness... best culinary surprise I've experienced in years. I was dying to order a second round of them because... wow... they were so good.
4	Came here for lunch w/ some coworkers. Was surprisingly quiet. Had the jerk chicken salad special, was delicious, didn't need salad dressing. Service was incredible, even called a cab for my colleagues who needed to get to the airport. Down to earth, casual, would probably be one of my go-to places if I were a local.
1	Bad food. Bug problem. In a neighborhood full of homeless roaming the streets like zombies.
4	Was taking the famous Fourth Ward Secret Gardens Tour on this beautiful Sunday....which was awesone by the way. Saw that Alexander Michaels was open for this event. Was immediately greeted by Cooper, the host and owner's son. And yes ladies he is a "hunk." And a hell of a nice guy too! I shared some of the other female Yelp reviews with him and he laughed.Due to the other Yelp reviews I started with the fried pickles. Theirs were very lightly battered so you can actually TASTE the pickles! I thought that was great, along with the standard Ranch dipping sauce.Cooper recommended the Penne Athena which was a nice, light chicken dish with black olives, red peppers and a light mushroom cream sauce. Very tasty and indeed not too heavy following my walkibg tour. Overall very good! Cooper, Milt at the bar were super gracious and friendly hosts! Can't wait to come back to try their 4th Ward Stroganoff.
5	This place has been on my list for some time now and we finally decided to check it out last night. Upon walking up to the restaurant I was a little afraid this was going to be a locals type place that looks at ya funny when you walk in and don't know what you are doing. This quickly started to escalate as we entered and there was no clear way to know if we were to seat ourselves or wait to be seated. As strange as this may sound I am legit afraid of those situations. I don't want to look like a fool standing around waiting until someone in the know tells me to sit down. Ok- back to my review. Just as quickly as my fear rose it went away as a super nice man came out from behind the bar, greeted us with a smile and took us to a table. Within a few minutes the waitress appeared with menus and offered some beer suggestions. They have an impressive beer list for a smaller place! Both the hubs and myself ordered the London broil sandwich. His with onion rings, mine with fries. We both thought it was outstanding. Our waitress was awesome- I wish I could remember her name to give her props, but as I mentioned above, they had a good beer selection! Can't wait to go back and try other items on the menu!
5	One of our favorite local places in uptown. The 4th ward is very special and Alexander Michaels fits right in. We took a Segway tour one night and learned that the building is haunted too. The fried pickles are very good and the blackened fish sandwich is delicious. There are a number of local brews on tap and the atmosphere is great. Just a great place to hang. The restaurant can get a little loud but not too bad. It is a cozy location so that is to be expected.
4	From the outside you see a quiet street with some couples strolling along hand-in-hand.  As you get closer to the front door you hear a bit of a buzz.  Is that a bar?  What's going on in there?Once the door is open you are hit with a wave of laughter, glasses clinking, and the sound of people talking.  I think this is going to work out just fine.The Great:+ The bartender/host/server/manager/busboy.  This guy was friendly, funny, and helpful.  Quick to smile and full of insight, he is awesome.+  A great selection of local beers.+  Cool location and extremely cozy inside.The Average:o  The only food we ordered was a crab soup - which was completely average.With that said, this place would be my local watering hole if I lived in the 4th Ward.  Well done!
5	This place is awesome. The "what it is"...so delicious. I'm from Cincinnati and we come here at least once any time we are in town.
5	Looking for a neighborhood restaurant, with great service, fun environment. This is worth your trip. Be sure to park the car near the neighborhood park/playground.
5	Brought family here from out of town and glad we did. Service and food were great. Staff was welcoming and the bartender helped us find beers our guests would like. Server made good, honest suggestions about the menu and checked on us throughout the night.  We will definitely be back.
4	We stopped in late night after a Knights game. The place was busy, but not packed. We were seated and greeted promptly. The atmosphere alone makes it a great Saturday date spot. Cozy, intimate and not too loud..dimly lit by candlelight. The menu is designed to be a mix of American and Creole..but being from Cajun County, I noticed a real lack of authentic creole cuisine. I was interested in tasting the crawfish burrito, but it was pricy ($16) and I assumed it would be disappointing.  Instead, I opted for a London broil sandwich, which I highly recommend. Extra points for offering Shine Bock on tap..a favorite beer I've missed dearly since Texas, where it's commonly served.
5	Perfect atmosphere. Best BLT, fried pickles and pasta salad(with Stevie's dressing.) One of my favorites in Charlotte.
5	This is a Charlotte gem. The food is fabulous and the owner and staff kick serious ass!!
5	This place is located in such a great area! Parking can be a little tricky but other than its awesome. The menu and beer selection had a great range and the staff was friendly and make great suggestions. Also my boyfriends family is from Baton Rouge and this place does a great job of incorporating the Cajun flavor in its foods! I will be back!
4	I came here for lunch this week on a business lunch with two other people. I had never heard of Alexander Michael's until a client recommended it. It is situated in a house just a couple blocks from the heart of Uptown. The environment inside is very pleasant and homey. It has a true neighborhood pub feel. The service was excellent, even during the busy lunch rush. I got the london broil sandwich and it was tasty. My coworker highly enjoyed the buffalo chicken sandwich. My client got the chicken pita which he really liked a lot. He opted for the pasta salad as a side and said it was great.I want to come back sometime to try out the dinner options!
4	I had a great time here last night. Good beer selection and tasty food. I had a watermelon beer which was really delicious, the nachos are great as well. I am looking forward to coming back for more.
5	I really enjoyed this place!  The place was hopping on a Thursday afternoon for lunch and we were lucky to snag a spot at the bar.  The bartenders were very friendly and on the money with getting us beers and taking our orders.  We both had the london broil sandwich (medium rare, yo!) and I had the side of fries.The fries.New winners, folks, of best fries in the world.  I will make the 3 hour drive for those fries, any day.
5	Beautiful location in the nest of some of Charlotte's downtown Victorian homes. The food is also very delicious and you can't find anything on the menu you don't want to try! If you're ever in this area give this local restaurant your time and you won't be sorry.
1	I don't know what the hype is. I ordered steak which came out luke warm and over salted. It seemed old. Also my veggies weren't seasoned at all and were not even steamed. Not interested in returning.
5	Tucked in a quaint neighborhood in the 4th ward, Alexander Michaels is a great lunch or dinner spot in Charlotte. I've eaten here a handful of times now and have been impressed each and every time. For starters, I've had the Caribbean Jerk Chicken Quesadillas and the black bean hummus - both are excellent and definitely worth trying. For entrees I've had the Quinoa Black Bean Burger and the Rueben. The veggie burger is one of the best in town (in my humble opinion) and the Rueben is a tasty option as well. The service has always been top notch as well. I've never had a bad experience at Alexander Michaels and consider it one of my go-to restaurants when I'm looking for a unique charlotte restaurant that you can't get anywhere else.
4	My husband and I went for lunch here and we loved it! It's located in a great location uptown and the service was great! My husband enjoyed the wings and I had a fantastic sandwich! Can't wait to go back and experience during dinner.
2	I wish the GPS had been right about the derelict building it had initially brought me to....I would have been happily on my way to a satisfying meal elsewhere.....perhaps a place that doesn't have two legal parking places in a 5 block radius ....one of which is occupied by the restaurants mascot. An old beat up pick up truck....which seems to have avoided citation for 20 years.  When this gem was recommended to me as a fantastic "seasonal" restaurant, I wanted to call them immediately and ask them what season we were in that served these nasty, cold, ..Oh but "smoked"quesadillas .  or perhaps when a good time of the year it was to enjoy this warm on the outside...cold on the inside tuna melt.  The waitress seemed shocked that one could possibly eat it any other way.    About 2/3 through the meal, we were asked to settle up...because at that time of day... Something with their computers demanded them to stop all service... And start a new tab.  Nothing special on this menu.... Overrated pub grub.
5	Favorite restaurant in Charlotte! Food was great and so was the service. Perfect comfortable neighborhood pub.
5	Parking may be tight in this historic neighborhood, but charm is large.  We happened to find a spot close to a beautiful vintage Chevrolet truck, which may be the restaurant mascot.When we entered the restaurant, this man, who was big on presence, strode toward us and showed us to a booth.  He told us who our server would be and ensured our comfort.A server arrived and took our drink orders. We also requested an appetizer, the black bean hummus.  We could have it with a kick or not.  Of course, I chose the kick.  OMG!  This was the best hummus that I have had.  It was served on a bed of shredded lettuce and chopped tomato, that added to the goodness of this dish. The pita bread served as a delectable anchor.Because we had ordered an appetizer, I chose a lighter meal for my entree.  I requested a chef salad sans meat with blue cheese dressing.  Fresh and loaded with vegetables, it was.  My husband got the crawfish burrito and enjoyed it as well.Wanna come back here.  What a charming spot.
5	Wonderful atmosphere. Loved the Christmas decorations. Dinner was fabulous. Had the baked chicken special, it was perfect! Parking was a little tricky, but worth it.
5	This is our favorite dinner spot close to the house. Everything we have had from there has been great and it's the most cozy feeling restaurant around.  They get pretty busy on Friday and Saturday but the wait is normally pretty sort and worth it. The crab soup is out of this world good and no visit complete without it.
2	First of all, I came with an open mind.  Read the other reviews, thought it was a quaint place.  Great place for a couple of drinks and some appetizers.  The food, on the other hand, is NOT good.Spicy crab soup did not have crab meant in it.  It wasn't even spicy.  Not creamy, more gelatin in consistency.   Please, pass on it.The London Broil arrived medium well, instead of medium rare.  Figured it was my error at being maybe misunderstood.  No, the waiter was quick to tell me I ordered medium rare.  Took it back and returned with medium rare on the rare side, just the way I like it.  By now, my companions had finished eating.  The meat was so tough, I gave up after a few pieces.  Nothing to write home about.Parking issue.  There is a parking lot two doors before the restaurant. There is street parking all around if you arrive early enough.  Personally it won't be an issue because I won't be venturing back anytime soon.  Don't understand the hype. It a neat place. More of the neighborhood bar.  Not a good dinner place.
4	Great 80s comfort food.  A must place to visit while in fourth ward.  The Ruben is the best with a side of pasta salad.  The pasta salad is simple but very good. A great place for a date or a small group before a Hornets game or the theater.  Several good micro beers too. Enjoy
