2	after hearing 3 people talk about this place, i had to check it out.  i was disappointed.  this was even after a major workout.  I'm always hungry after a workout.  anything will taste good.  i dunno living in Austin for just 4 years made me a snob.  i dunno, but this was disappointed.  it's a pricey place.  i had a two meat combo (rib tips and 2 sausages) + corn bread + 2  sides.  the sausage was good, firm, sweet, tangy, and had that classic crunch when you bite into it.  the rib tips were just thick pieces of brisket.  it was dry, hard, and no fat to make it seem more moist other than the sauce.  it wasn't like the rib tips at Famous Daves.  also the sauce had no spicy kick at all.  for the sides i had fried okra, which was dry and just weirdly off.  maybe it had too much batter.  the macaroni cheese was ok, not spectacular, but i think kraft cheese and macaroni is way better.  the good thing here is that they have big cups of ooh so sweet tea.  I'm so sad about the bbq, i need to go back to famous daves to make up for it...maybe this weekend.
4	We were delighted with T.C's Rib Crib.  The meat was good, very tasty, I had the beef tips.  The fried okra and sweet potato french fries were delicious.  My husband had the brisket sandwich and was very pleased.   Next trip, I'm trying the ribs.  Everything tasted fresh and homemade.  The portions are also generous. The restaurant is clean and everyone was very friendly. It's nice to walk into a restaurant and feel comfortable and welcome for a change. It's a refreshing change from the chains and franchises, it's a family business, so it's a labor of love. (The reason that you don't have the pleasure of a smoky BBQ aroma is that they have to smoke their meats off site, since there is no room at their location for a smoker.) My husband and I are from Kansas City and we know we are BBQ snobs.  We had just about given up hope of ever finding really good BBQ here in Vegas until this evening.  We love everything about T.C's and definitely will be going back.
3	Family owned business stays busy with a personal touch that makes you a repeat customer.Walking into T.C.'s Rib Crib, you're thinking it's a fast food joint.  But when they find out you're here for dining in, they'll have you take a seat for a full service experience.We wanted a taste of it all, so the BF and I ordered up one of their "Lots O' Meat Meal Deals" for any combination of three meats, cornbread and two sides for $14.99.  Of the meats, we chose the Beef Tips, Links (2), and 1/4 Baby Back Rib Slab.  You can also choose Pulled Pork, Beef Brisket, Beef Ribs, Spare Ribs, or 1/4 Chicken.  Or sides, we chose the Grandma Georgia's Macaroni and Cheese and the Fried Okra.  Other sides include Aunt Ada's Potato Salad, Big Sam's Baked Beans, Cousin Joe's Greens, Uncle Earl's Coleslaw, Sweet Potato French Fries, Fried Jalapenos, and few other staples.This meal was plenty for the two of us!  The Beef Tips were more like chunks of meat, not as tender as I would have hoped.  The Links were pretty grub though, a  nice crunch and texture and pretty tasty.  The Baby Back Ribs were okay.  The first rib I got has little meat on it, the second rib had more though.  We got a generous portion of fried okra, more than what they give you at M & M Soul Food Cafe.  It's breaded up and could use a bit more zing though.  The Macaroni and Cheese is a bit different with a grainy texture.  It's tasty, but  I guess it all depends if you like your mac and cheese creamy or not.  They also serve up some Sweet Tea for $1.49 or $2.49.  Don't be a fool and get the small cup, go for the super large one instead!  Yum yum!  They have a bucket load of desserts to choose from the Friday early evening we showed up!  Banana pudding, Coconut Cake, Snickers Cake, Homemade Louisiana Pralines, Glazed Donut Bread Pudding, etc.  It's definitely worth taking a look at their dessert display!We also ordered a Full Slab of Baby Back Ribs with 2 Sides and Cornbread for $18.99 to go.They have a Kids' Menu for $3.49 for those ten and under.  Kids eat free on Mondays with the purchase of an adult meal too!  They also serve up Burgers and Sammies, Chicken, and Catfish (on Fridays only)!Food is a solid three star, but the service is a four.  The wait didn't take 20 minutes like it was posted it can, so that's a good thing.  They come by and check up on you, get refill on your drinks if that's what you got, etc.  You can tell they have a lot of return customers here.  My big concern is seeing a bunch of older people with obvious health problems chowing down on not so health conscious food choices!(Of course you can find our hearty meal pics in the business profile!)
4	I went to the rib crib based on reviews my brother-in-law acquired in the bay area.  I must go at the right time because I have not been disappointed.  I loved the ribs, the sauce and the pulled pork was to die for.  Every time I have gone it's been very crowded.  The place is not much to look at but I found it very delicious and the help is very pleasant.  I would recommend this place to anyone who really enjoys ribs. I've been repeatedly disappointed at Famous Daves Barbeque, but I love the Rib Crib. Thumbs up from me.
3	3rd stop on the BBQ tour.  Not sure why i haven't seen  this place  before considering i've eaten at the sushi place in the same strip center 2 times.very simple looking place but comfortable.  Appears to be a family run place - i like that.  ordered the spare ribs w/ cole slaw - $7.I give TC the cole slaw edge - but just a slim edge.  The ribs - my guess, they boil first then grill them - the ribs were soggy.  They get props for the bbq sauce - nice bite, flavor.  but the ribs bothered me.still i gotta hit this place again for the family mac and cheese and potato salad I also need to try the  pulled pork.
4	The GF and I stopped by this place about a week ago for some good ol' Que. This place is fairly small and most of the employees seemed to be family.I was fairly hungry and figured "I'm at the rib crib, I should order the ribs." (usually not what I order at BBQ). I ordered the full rack baby backs with 2 sides for......$18.... I think. My sides were the sweet potato fries and mac and cheese.  The GF ordered "Lots O' Meat Deal". She ordered the pulled pork and 2 orders of brisket (the girl loves her some brisket) with sweet potato fries and fried okra. I think it was about $15.  So our food came out in a timely manner and we started gobbling it up. My ribs were very tender. The first bone I picked up slid out of the meat. They weren't soggy but not dry either. I can't tell you how much I LOVED THE BBQ SAUCE. The ribs seemed to be boiled then grilled... not the way I usually enjoy them (smoked.......mmmm....) but none the less very tasty. The sweet potato fries were crispy not mushy like most, very good, and the mac and cheese wasn't the creamy version but more of a casserole type...not the best but pretty good. Oh ya and the cornbread was not very good... I don't think I even ate it all...that's very unusual. I'm a cornbread junkie.The GF's plate was filled with SO MUCH MEAT!!!!!!!! AHA.... I just wanted to shove my face into the plate and inhale....what a great death that would be..... anyways......2 huge portions of brisket and a huge helping of pulled pork. I have to say everything on her plate was defiantly worth eating again. Brisket was nicely sliced and the pork was extremely soft and tender. As far as I could tell none of their meat is smoked but as I said before it was still very good. Her fried okra was also good and I'm not a huge okra fan.Didn't try any of the desserts (had to save room for AYCE sushi 4 hours later) but they all looked fabulous. I would officially give this place 3.5 stars but I'm gonna round up not down for the yelp score. Service was great and everyone was extremely friendly. THE BBQ SAUCE AT THIS JOINT IS ON POINT!!!!Check 'em out... I recommend the "Lots O' Meat Meal Deal".... it's a lot of food for a real good price and you can sample three things they offer at the same time.
4	We were hankering for some good BBQ and stumbled upon a place called T.C.'s Rib Crib. Again, we used our entertainment book coupon to save $15 so why not splurge and order more than we should. We get to the place and its on the smaller side. There's about 12 tables and thats about it. I heard if you order to go, its gonna be like a fast food place experience... But if you dine in, they promptly seat you, bring you table settings, and give you the full service you would expect from a nicer restaurant. We get there around 5pm on a Saturday and almost all the tables were full. I take that as a good sign. We get the menus and start looking over the choices. Meats meats meats was the name of the game. I ordered the Lot's O' Meat Meal ($18.00) which comes with 3 meats, 2 sides, and a corn bread. The meats to choose from were: beef tips, pulled pork, beef brisket, links (2), 1/4 rib slab, 1/4 chicken. The sides to choose from were: Grandma Georgia's Macaroni and Cheese, Aunt Ada's Potato Salad, Big Sam's Baked Beans, Cousin Joe's Greens, Uncle Earl's Coleslaw, Regular Fries, Onion Rings, Fried Jalapenos, Wedge Cut Fries, Fried Okra, Sweet Potato French Fries. Wowzers, thats alot!So for my meats I get the beef brisket, hot links, and 1/4 rib slab. The rib slab was a choice of baby back, beef, or spare ribs. I got the baby back ribs. My sides were Grandma Georgia's Mac and Cheese and Onion Rings. My friend ordered the full rack of baby back ribs ($18.00) which also came with 2 sides and a corn bread. Her sides were Sweet Potato French Fries, YUM!, and Wedge Cut Fries.Man was the food tasty. The meats were tender and super flavorful and the sides were huge. The best part is that I ordered a small fountain drink (sm $1.49 lg $2.49) since it was all you can drink and the waitress brings me a large 32 oz drink. I was like "I ordered the small" and she replied "That is the small." Wow. I guess the large is a 44+ oz size then.The $15 coupon definitely paid off and the food was really really good. I would definitely go back to this place. This was way better than Memphis Championship BBQ.
5	I have never tasted anything so awesome! I like to try something new from T.C.'s everytime i go there, just i can't believe how something so amazing can be in vegas and not have that much popularity or hype! the BBQ sauce is amazing! the mac & cheese is freaking delicious along with the sweet potato fries!
1	Small hole-in-the-wall spot. NOT very many customers so NO real wait.Just tables & chairs w/Pie Counter(no seating) I ORDERED 2 MEAT-2 SIDE COMBO1/4 SLAB BABY BACK RIBS * BBQ BEEF BRISKET2 SIDES-BAKED MAC & CHEESE & COLE SLAWCORN BREAD & SWEET TEANOT GOOD. The Ribs were skimpy. The Brisket was horrible.(any self-loving BBQ cook knows the brisket was NOT right and shouldn't have even served it to anyone.- More like grissle & unedible meat). The BBQ sauce was sugary sweet. NOT my style. The cornbread was right out of a JIFFY box and made bad & NO butter to speak of. The Coleslaw was SOUR & the Mac & cheese was OVERCOOKED & NOT cheesy or BAKED! It felt like you were at a BAD FAMILY PICNIC!! Plastic plates and styrofoam containers & ALL.PS THOSE PICS LOOK NOTHING LIKE THE FOOD I ATE!
3	Overall it was ok.I ordered the 3 meat- 2 sides combo. 1/4 order of spareribs, pulled pork, and hot links. Sides was baked beans and mac. & cheese, with the corn bread and kool-aide. Plus sharing   Taste wise it was pretty good, not too bad. The meat was tender, good  seasoning, the ribs and pulled pork was ok, but hot links were so-so. The sides was over cooked a bit, with the corn bread cold, bland,  and served without butter. Didn't have a spicy BBQ sauce option, but they did have plenty of hot sauce on the table. Overall, a cozy family BBQ joint.
1	Read about this place in a travel magazine and decided to take my employee to lunch here on his first day of work. My employee loves barbecue and had not been here. Since it's in a strip center, we knew what to expect as far as surroundings, but the ribs were dry and the sides were awful. The service was very good and they were very friendly. I recommend the iced tea.
4	This is a small mom & pop joint that aims to please.   The proprietoress rattled off 15 different (soft) drinks. We felt like royalty, tho it probably doesn't take much to please us.  We each had the 2 item combo + 2 sides  w/ beef tips & baby back ribs plus mac n cheese & yams & beef ribs & brisket plus fries & mac n cheese.  It was all very good, moist, & we got to try the pulled pork even tho I'm not a pork fan.   Today's specials were candied yams & better'n sex cake (like an upside down pineapple cake with whipped frosting).  She showed me 12 different desserts in the dessert case.  The special cake was yum-o too.   The decor is very plain & down home but you can always do take out.  This is definitely a vanishing breed.
4	Came here on T. C. 's 76th birthday  so we had good carrot cake & chocolate cake for dessert after our meal of 1/2 all white BBQ chix with 2 sides ($11.99) & 2 meat combo  beef brisket & pulled pork with 2 sides fried okra & mac n cheese ($14.99).  Our server Mona was so good & personable.  We also won the raffle they had which was a prize of a $10 gift cert & a white T.C.'s Rib Crib Tshirt (the server's are in black Tshirts)
5	these ribs are bomb
4	Where do I begin thank you New Orlean flavors brought right here to Vegas. The ribs were a bit fatty, but the sauce was delicious. The BBQ chicken , cole slaw, cornbread were ALL good. To top it off the better than sex pie and buttermilk pie hit the spot without making you feel too guilty.The one thing that needs work is the mac n' cheese! Definitely, don't appreciate the cheese combination.The lunch specials are pretty good under ten bucks.
2	Purchased a gift certificate for Tc Rib Crib off Restaurants.com to try this place out. Arriving at the location i was surprised at what little it really was inside upon entering as it was really like an indoor picnic very no frills and humble about the decor. We sat and ordered a 2 meat combo links/ pulled pork with 2 sides mac & cheese/ greens and cornbread for $15. And then the Rib tips and 2 sides mac & cheese/ potato salad and corn bread for $10. I was not impressed to say the least as the links were very mushy and not a solid put together product, the rib tips were sparse on the meat side and the sides... lordy the mac & cheese was dry and almost chalky with my only taking 1 bite of potato salad as it had too much built up condensation in the container from being stored in the fridge for too long. The best part of the meal was the pulled pork, where if you want to try this place i recommend doing the pulled items turkey, pork, chicken and bread to make a sandwich. The BBQ sauce like others mentioned is a brown sugar based sauce which i dont mind but if you dont like sweet sauce then this might not be for you. All in all it was a meal yes and the portions were decent but the quality of taste and product i just wasnt feeling at all. For the money i think i would have rather gone elsewhere to dine. BBQ is so touchy with alot of people and im not spoiled but i do have some expectations when i go for a meal in this arena.
2	The sauce tasted like it came out of a can. The ribs aren't smocked, they are oven cooked and very, very, mediocre. The staff was very friendly, but the food just tasted bland. I love BBQ, but not T.C.'s version.
4	very tasty meats. we tried the family combo and got everything but the chicken and beef ribs. can't say i was disappointed by any of the meats but the brisket was definitely the winner. only caveat is: don't order the collared greens unless you regularly eat handfuls of salt with your meals.
1	Okay, normally I wouldn't review a place after eating there only once but I can safely say I won't be returning.  Got carry out the other day: pulled chicken sandwich, brisket sandwich, fries and onion rings.  All of the meat was really poor quality (mmm....boiled gristle!) and the sides were terrible too.  The sauce wasn't anything to write home about.   If their ribs are outstanding, I'd never know, but if they're willing to call the stuff I ordered barbecue, then they are really missing the point.Maybe I'm a barbecue snob, but it's really got to be smoked to be called barbecue, doesn't it?  I think the closest that the meat I was served got to being smoked was second-hand from the guy lighting his Marlboro out in front when I pulled out.I'm absolutely perplexed why my experience differed so completely from those who reviewed this place positively, but I won't be returning to give it a second chance.
3	"TC says, the best way to a person's heart, is through the ribs."I LOVE that quote and love that it's written on the bottom of your receipt. I wouldn't know whether or not the ribs would take my heart, but I do know that the pulled pork sammie was pretty delish. I originally went because of The Desert Companion's "DEALicious meals" article. In it it said there was a $4.99 lunch special: a Jr. Sammie and a side, can't beat that! SO off I went, walking distance from my work, and FINALLY decided to try this "World Famous" BBQ.When I walked into this establishment on a lovely Saturday afternoon I realized, UGH! Lunch specials are only for Monday-Friday. Oh well, I'm already here and the tiny little restaurant is very homey, sporting pictures of, what I hope is, TC's family. This sort of establishment always makes me want to come back to support, especially with the really friendly staff they have on hand.I ordered, as I mentioned before, the Pulled Pork Sammie with ....deep fried jalapenos! Whoo-wee. I don't even like jalapenos, but I just HAD to try these.My fellow diner ordered the brisket sammie and the sweet potato fries that everyone raves about.We had them both "home style," which meant it had some really good slaw on top.The verdict:My sammie: s'mazin'. I really enjoyed the sandwich and wouldn't mind coming back for the lunch meal and ordering the Jr. as this sammie is pretty filling.The OTHER sammie: Not nearly as good as mine, it was a little tougher and less flavorful. I wouldn't have the sammies without the slaw, I believe it cost an extra 50 cents, but it's worth it.The jalapenos: These little babies were pretty darn good. I wouldn't order them again though, jalapenos just aren't my thing.Sweet potato fries: Ok, what's up with these? Everyone LOVES them....I think they tasted like straight oil and were a little under cooked, and old. Poo.Over all, it was A-OK. I would totally return for the lunch menu...but that's probably it...Oh and to try the ribs....with a name like The Rib Crib...you just gotta try them....
1	So I went to TC's on the reviews of my fellow Yelpers and because it's about 2 blocks from where I live. I walk in and it was your atypical mom-n-pop rib shop which I get very excited about. We got the menus and they have a lot of items but they're pricey. I'm thinking they better be good for this price. When the baby back  ribs came they basically tasted the same as Chilis (which I like but expected something different). They had a lot of fat on them and seemed to be a big part of the ribs. The fried okra was the best part of the meal, very big and well made.  Another thing that bugged me were the drinks. I ordered water and it came in this little rinky dinky small cup, maybe 8 oz. My friend orders a soda and they bring her a big 16 oz cup that just towers over mine. So at this point I was feeling it to be an average 3-star place. Decent but nothing unique but before we were to leave my friend reminded of the big reason I wanted to come...bread pudding! Quickly I ordered it up. I was excited, I love bread pudding and take respect at how hard it can be to make it let alone to make it right. Not many places have this delicacy so I jump at the chance to get some when the opportunity arises. Then it comes...the disappointment that made this a 1-star restaurant. First off let me say this bread pudding is not cheap. $6. I'm willing to pay that though for some good bread pudding. This was not it. As the waitress is handing me my dessert I'm asking how they make it. With raisins? Bourbon? What's their unique, creative touch on it? 'Krispy Kreme', she says. Say wha??? 'Its really just a 'Krispy Kreme donut that we heat up', she continues. I don't know if I've ever felt so betrayed from a restaurant. I just paid 6 freakin dollars for a donut???  All in this place, less the okra, was am utter disappointment.  And if you decide on dessert, ask how it's made. Shame on you TC's.
1	Way overpriced and not very good quality. Improve the quality and lower the price and i'll be back.....the food is tasty tho so at least i'll give them that. I've had everything from here and i can honestly say it doesn't compare to a real bbq place. This is oven cooked stuff.
4	So after spending some time in Texas I got so unbelievably spoiled for amazing Bar B Q. Sadly I haven't found anything that has come close, until now.TC's had great Spare Ribs and Mac & Cheese. Their beef brisket was good but, didnt blow me away. The place is a simply family owned style place that is unassuming and informal. I will definately come back here and be hungrier next time as the portions are big!
3	tC's recently introduced a weekend breakfast menu so we decided to stop by on our way to Red Rock Canyon.  My wife ordered the New Orleans French toast with fresh strawberries while I selected the bayou buttery buttermilk waffles with strawberries and whipped cream.  Both dishes tasted good, sounded better, but not worth a long drive
3	We visit Vegas at least once a year and decided to see how their ribs stack up to what we get back home.This place was okay but not  really great.The ribs were very overdone and bland. They needed a good rub to make them tastier, not just slather them in sauce.  The brisket was - how can I say it - just kind of weird.  We are used to slow smoked brisket and this looked and tasted like a rump roast that was cooked like a rump roast and sliced thin and had sauce dumped on it.  DH liked the potato salad. I swear the sweet potato fries (which are a staple in our house) were the frozen ones we buy at the grocers so, yep, they did taste just like home-made :)  The sauce is nothing spectacular - we are used to restaurants that have their own signature sauce but I didn't think there was anything spectacular about their sauce either.  We didn't try the pulled pork while we were there.The portions are huge - I will give them that. Maybe it was an off-day for the kitchen - but I don't think I could give it more than 3 stars.
4	This place has been here for about 4 years, and I just discovered it a few hours ago. Fail on my behalf. Me and my mom ordered the 3 meat treat. We got beef tips, hot links, 1/4 slab spare ribs with sweet potato fries and collard greens as the sides. The hot links could have been a bit more tender, but were delicious on the other hand. Beef tips tasted good, even though they were essentially small steak pieces. LOVED the ribs, they were tender and practically fell off the bone. The collard greens were quite tasty and the sweet potato fries had a perfect ratio of sweetness and typical french fry flavor. The atmosphere is pretty interesting. It's slightly hole in the wall-ish but clean. I loved the pictures on the wall, it gave the place a VERY homey feel, the service is pretty homey as well. Another nice thing to note are the names of many of the dishes, which are supposedly named after members of TC's family. As for the glazed donut bread pudding, tasty, but WAY TOO SWEET. Don't think I will ever order that again, unless I'm begging for the diabeetus.
5	My friend and I stumbled on this place while we were looking for a Chinese buffet . We gave up and just wanted to eat so we came here. I wasn't in the mood for BBQ so I was just going to get a cheeseburger and fries. Then my friend noticed a sign behind me saying they have Chicken and Waffles on Wednesdays. We were there on a Saturday so we didn't know if they would serve it . We asked and we received! This is the first time I've ever had Chicken and Waffles ...I didn't know what all the hype was about until that moment. The Waffle was crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside . These were not Eggos for sure .....these were fresh! The chicken was perfect with it especially dipping it in the maple syrup. This could easily become and addiction! If you do come here please keep in mind they make everything fresh so it may take up to 20 min for your order but it's well worth it! The price was also reasonable the bill for two people came out to around $21.00.
4	Love Love LOVE the sweet potato fries. Thank goodness for TC or I'd be more depressed in Vegas! The ribs are good. Not the best I've tasted, but it's good. Not recommend the Beef ribs though. The fibers of the meat is to tough for me and the size just too big. The portion is big for one, maybe barely enough for 2 if you don't order side dishes. I have yet to try the baby back ribs. I always order the sauce on the side, just so the flavor of the meat won't get masked by the sauce. The ribs are good for the leanness and not too fatty. Very tricky because it can be tough when the you're grilling meat with less fat! For the price it's a good neighborhood eatery that I would go to.
3	I have eaten at Tc's many times and that alone speaks for itself. I have loved the family atmosphere, the service is great and the food was top knotch, until recently. They say good things don't last and this is where I hope Tc's does not go down that road. I have eaten here since it first opened and wow the pulled pork to the ocra to the mac n' cheese and corn bread, it all was delish. But, the last two visits made me feel like they changed ownership even though they did not. The prices increased -alot, the food was room temp, the service in a fog, and I even had a stint of the big 'D' a few hours later as did the rest of my family. So Tc... Look deep down inside and find the excitement and flare, and love that you used to put in your food and bring it back because this place is on a colission coarse that I can not bear to watch because I have love in my heart from those first few Nawlins' goodness dining experiences.
5	I found this restaurant because of a friend's pictures on Twitter. Went for myself and was happy to find real barbecue in Las Vegas by a mom & pop establishment.  It's not a fancy place; a proper bbq place shouldn't be.  If they're serving your food on fine china they're doing it wrong.I recommend their Spare ribs, mac n cheese (from scratch) and sweet potato fries. The ribs are well smoked and not over sauced. They fall off the bone and the portions on generous for the price. Pulled pork is also good and the brisket is ok, I'm not a brisket fan to begin with though. If you have a craving for sweet tea this is also the place to go.  It reminds me of the south and its made fresh there daily.One day I'll go and not over indulge because the desserts look tasty and they often have them on special.
4	Really simple and good eating.Just grab a slab or half if you're not that hungry and grind away.  The ribs are excellent.  Very moist, super tender and while the sauce may be a personal thing, to me, its incredible.  Sticky, sweet, sour.  (No, I'm not trying to cause a food war.)Prices are really good.  A full rack for less than $20.  For just two bucks more, you can add two sides and cornbread to your ribs.Other items are also good but really, why would you not want the ribs.Oh yeah, Friday is catfish fry day.  Give the fish a try (as a side to your ribs)!
5	If you are a fan of pulled pork or mac n cheese that probably has 10,000 calories in it then this is the spot for you.....and me! OMG, I found this place years ago and have actually celebrated a birthday or two, here. It's absolutely charming in every way. TC's is a hole in the wall decorated like your grandma's house with family pictures, place mats and friendly faces. If you are lucky you just might get to meet TC while you are here! I always get the pulled pork because it never let's me down. It's tender, juicy and shredded to the perfect consistency. You are responsible for putting the amount of BBQ sauce you like on your meat. I also always get the mac n cheese that is to die for. Don't leave out the fried okra, ribs, grilled chicken salad, sweet potato fries, etc. You can wash it all down with sweet tea or Kool Aide. Dessert is not to be missed. At the top of that list is the banana pudding and glazed donut bread pudding. Yes, that just happened! Every single person I have brought to TC's has been back and brought their friends, too! They get the five stars because they are reasonably priced, delicious food, and most excellent service. I love this place!!!!!
5	"How much for one rib?"--Chris Rock.  This Place is the Best BBQ in town!!!!  I love the side dishes of greens and mac and cheese.  It is so good I have taken all my out of town guests there.  I love the "Purple" and "Red" cool-aid selections to wash down the Louisiana Style Pork Ribs.  Beware, do come in on an empty stomache because they serve big tasty portions.
5	Delicious, cheap and served with a bootylicious smile, what else do you want?
4	Love it here.I'm far from being a BBQ expert, but the two times I came here, I have not been disappointed. Their sweet tea is off the chain. Their sides are deeelish. I enjoyed the collard greens, mac-and-cheese, and don't forget the fried okras. Yes. Superb indeed.I suggest coming here with a good appetite and a few friends lusting for some hunks. Hunks of meat. Baby back ribs, dried up, BBQ sauce on the side. The meat is succulent enough and flavored to a satisfying point of delight. Tender and falls right off the bone. Same goes for their BBQ chicken. Golly, that is one BIG CHICKEN, I kid you not. I don't know what they have in the back of the kitchen, but half a chicken was gigantic. Where the other half escaped and whether it was found, I'll never know. Pulled pork as a little on the salty side, but who doesn't mind compensating salty with some cornbread? I will come again.
4	Go for lunch and do takeout. We went for dinner with a group of 9 and it was really cramped. The food was all awesome except for the beef tips (bleh!) which they took back and gave us more pulled pork-yum!  We actually found this place from a LV area magazine that did an article on delicious, reasonable food. It ended up being about $10 per person, not even close to the $5 deal that the magazine said could be had. We didn't even have soda or tea, but don't skip dessert here- the red velvet cake and buttermilk pie are to die for!
3	Dinner w/ Angela H is always a blast, but the Q just will get a "meh" out of me. Granted, I didn't get the namesake ribs, but the pulled pork sammy was just okay. It was soft enough, but it came with sweet sauce already on it and I wasn't getting too much of a smoke taste. The sammy comes with a choice of side ($8.99) and I got fried okra which was pretty good and crispy. Sweet tea was just the right amount of sweet. I didn't notice that my dinnermate was charged wrong and that isn't cool specially since at ordering she cleared up that she wanted the links "sandwich" with one side and not the "combo" with two sides when the waitress asked her for two side choices. I'm open to trying the ribs and more okra since the BF and I have a restaurant. com certificate, but for pulled pork this isn't my spot.
4	LOVE AT FIRST BITE... or so I thought.A friend of mine keeps raving about how great this place is and how he would only get his BBQ fix in Vegas, and me being on my mission to find a BBQ joint I love, HAD to try this place.It wasn't hard to find, which was good. It is a small place, with about 5 tables along one side and a larger table right in front and 2 tables outside. The service was great. The girls there was very nice and made sure we were taken care of.The sides all seemed so good I wanted to try everything! But I didn't want to go overboard. Just figured if I liked it, I can always come back and try more. So me and my bf ordered a full slab of ribs (baby back) in the combo with mac n cheese and fried okra as our sides. They had waffled sweet potato fries that day and best believe I got that too!! (pictures posted). I was ready to wait the 20+ minute for the food as the sign said, but the food came out surprisingly quick! Though, not all at once.So... the mac and cheese was great! Tasted very homemade and slightly gritty like they used ricotta cheese in it. Not as rich and creamy as I am used to, but the bf loved it. I really liked the fried okra, though the bf didn't care for that. But you can't go wrong with sweet potato fries, especially waffled! Yum! Very crisp but not greasy.The cornbread was a bit disappointing. It came out a bit after the other stuff so I figured it was just being baked or something, but it didn't seem that way. It was somewhat dry and bland. Sadly, I really like the cornbread from Famous Daves! And the ribs, it was good flavor. And not overly saucy. But a bit dry. The first bite of the ribs were great..! But maybe they cooled quickly and became really dry that I didn't want to have more (like I usualy do).Overall, the sides were great but the ribs were not the best, though not bad. I wanted to try the dessert, but didn't yet. Service was great. The place was clean. Gotta try the pulled pork and desserts next time! I will be back!
3	TC's gets major points for their friendly and welcoming staff. Simple things like saying hi to customers when they walk in or refilling water glasses seem to be things of the past in many Las Vegas restaurants. But the folks here will treat you like an old friend stopping by. My lunch order was served up quickly. It probably only took 10 minutes or less to come out. I went with the pulled pork sammie. A little pricey at $8 but the size was decent, as was the flavor. But the texture was bordering on mushy. I prefer the fuller, meatier quality of the pulled pork at Buzz BBQ. The bun was nicely toasted giving the sandwich an extra crunch and the fries weren't bad.I do like the fact that they have lunch specials and daily dessert specials. The interior is nothing special, just a few tables and a small cashier counter and food display that leads to the kitchen. It's nothing fancy, just some decent down home cooking.
4	Some people don't like this place - I don't understand why.  It's tender ribs with fairly good sauce.  You can't go wrong with pork spareribs, pork babyback ribs, or the beef ribs.  They're all pretty tender and get a nice crusty outside from being put on a grill or under a broiler.The mac and cheese ranges from meh on bad days to OUTSTANDING on other days.  Yeah, this place won't compare to great places in Texas.  But for around here, this place is way better than places like CJ's or, God forbid, Memphis bbq.  Nice staff too.
4	I love coming here to get the baby back ribs, pulled pork, collard greens, potato salad, corn bread, and fried okra.  The meat falls off the bone and is just easy to devour.  I had their chicken too and found the dark meat more desirable than the white meat.  To appreciate the white meat, I needed to dip in to the barbecue sauce, which by the way has a zing to it.  The pulled pork sandwiches are also to die for.  I'm not normally a fan of pork, but I'll eat it here over other places that serve it.
5	I'm from the south so occasionally I get BBQ and sweet tea cravings. haha I haven't tried everything on the menu. I usually get the 2 or 3 meat combo and share with a friend. I always get the greens! I love the bb ribs, pork links and sweet tea. I'm not a fan of the chicken or potato salad but I think that's just a matter of taste. I love that they put a little BBQ sauce on the meat and give you a bottle of sauce on the side. The meat tastes smokey like its been on the grill. It's definitely a mom and pop type place which I think is part of the charm! I also love the koolaide and fried okra...did I mention the sweet tea?
3	NOT CLOSED. Farewell my favorite mac n Cheese and farewell the best BBQ chicken breasts in town. My friend and I walked up for lunch and the place was gutted clean about a week ago. The baby back ribs are too fatty also.
5	This place is the boom!!!  The best comfort food ever.  I have eaten everything on their menu and love it all.  Their fried chicken and waffles are great. Their sammies are yummy.We also have TC's Cater our thanksgiving and Christmas dinners
3	I'd have rather give 2 1/2 stars. That being said the food was OK. The problem with most BBQ joints in Vegas is that none of them do enough business to ensure high quality. I got the three meat with 1/4 rack baby backs, 1/4 chicken, and thenpork links with mac and cheese and coleslaw.  The ribs did fall off the bone but felt like they had been microwaved to heat them up. The chicken was dry and overcooked. You know how when chicken sits too long it gets a little translucent?  The pot sausage was VERY salty, but it was tasty. The mac and cheese was good once I put salt on it. Maybe they can take the pork links and mix them into the mac and cheese?  The coleslaw wasn't that good. Not much flavor and it looks like it may have started to freeze. The top layer of the cabbage was translucent as well. Not to mention it took nearly 25 min to get my food once it was ordered and I wasn't the only one that was waiting. There was a party of 10 that seemed to be getting a lot of attention from the staff at the detriment of everyone else. I wish these guys luck, but the most consistent places in town to get ribs are Lucilles, Roma's, and Applebees, in that order.
3	New to vegas....wanted some BBQ ribs...i searched and searched....seems like bbq is something hard to come by out here in the dessert.    Finally I found some good reviews for TC Ribs.   So I drove out there for a to go order.Took my order of full slab baby back ribs and mac and cheese and baked beans.   The sides were good, the baby back ribs were a bit disappointing for my taste.  There was a lot of fat on the ribs and they really didnt melt off the bones.
2	All the best intentions...The brisket was loaded with gristle and slathered with barbecue sauce.  I may try the pulled pork next time - if there is a next time - since it's close to my office.  Nice 'soul food' kind of atmosphere.
4	Been to their old location several times for chicken and ribs, mac and cheese, greens, and a peach cobbler for dessert. Never been disappointed. The old location was very uilitarian and got business taken care of. They now moved to a new and nicer location with a larger dining room down the street. Went there for the 2-for-1 $4.99 Tuesday lunch special (dine-in only). Since I was alone, I still wanted to take advantage of the deal and ordered the rib tips with fries and chicken leg with mac and cheese. The rib tips were so-so and the fries ordered extra-crispy was done to my preference. The chicken leg was tender and juicy while my favorite side dish, mac and cheese, was done to prefection. The mac was made witha white cheese sauce with the cheddar cheese sprinkled on top and baked to a cripsy golden brown. I am in Mac Heaven here! For $4.99 with leftovers, I can have home cookin' for less than what I would pay at McDs. Will be back for more mac and cheese.
5	Are you in the mood for BBQ? Well, I hope so. You did open this review after all. So, do you want BBQ with flavor? TCs has it. Do you want food with character? TCs has it. Do you want to keep your shirt clean? Well.....you probably don't want BBQ then. TCs boasts an array or beef, chicken and pork done in the Louisiana style, and a lot of southern staples as sides. They even have decent greens, which is so hard to find in Vegas.Aside from the food itself, the sweet tea will give you diabetes on the spot, which means its accurate to real southern sweet tea for those native west coasters who don't know. The staff is friendly. The atmosphere really strongly evokes the southern style of community and connection. Why are you still reading this? Go get some.
5	Yum yum yum.  For the price and the quality of food this place is one of my top places to eat when I get a cheat day...
1	I must make this clear. This isn't a review of the food, which is wonderful, but of the TERRIBLE service that my Dad and I experienced today.We were both in the mood for BBQ, and having been to TC's before at the old location, we decided to check out the new place. We walked in and were greated by the waitress on duty, a young Asian woman, who promptly seated us and gave us menus. There was only one other group of people in the room, which was surprising. We sat there looking at the menu for about 10 minutes, and then she finally took our drink order. After that, she dissapeared. Another 10 minutes walked by and we got up to leave. We crossed paths with her as we were walking out and she asked if we were leaving as she had the drinks we had ordered 15 minutes prior in her hands. We said yes, and she just said, "Okay," and dumped the drinks out in the sink.This girl has to be one of the worst waitresses I have ever experienced. She obviously doesn't care at all about service, and I'm pretty sure the owners of the restaurant would be a little miffed at her for the waste of the drinks. I almost wish TC's had stayed at the old location, as it had much more of a family-oriented vibe to it...much more intimate. I'm going to give TC's another shot sometime in the future, but I think I'll call in the order and pick it up rather than face this sort of service again.IF YOU SEE THE YOUNG ASIAN WAITRESS BEHIND THE COUNTER WHEN YOU WALK IN, YOU MAY AS WELL JUST TURN AROUND AND WALK OUT. Unless you want to be ignored for a good 30 minutes, that is.
2	How do I sum this up?  Overpriced and not good.As I was forcing the food down my throat, the thought occurred to me that this was probably the worst barbecue I've ever tasted.  Why, you ask?  The food is very "wet" (meaning it's drenched in BBQ sauce), which is normally okay, except for the fact that their sauce is HORRIBLE.  Take this from a guy who's experienced a lot of barbecue in his time...it's NOT good.  It ruined the pulled pork and beef brisket for me by completely overpowering it; however, the baby back ribs were "okay" (read: not fall-off-the-bone).  By the way, the brisket is sliced into very thin strips, which doesn't even make it taste like brisket.  What a waste of 20 bucks...But, as a saving grace, the cornbread (which I normally don't like) was probably the best I ever tasted.  Too bad it was the size of a mini-cupcake.Yuck.  Pass.
4	Oh my oh my this is delicious. I had a groupon and it was for dine in only but they honored it for take out. SCORE. I had the pulled pork with Cole slaw and potato salad. The pork was tender and they gave enough to fill the styrofoam box. The Cole slaw could of used more sauce cause I like it creamy. The potato salad tasted just like grandma used to make.My brother had rib tips and I would call it rib chunks they were huge. And baked beans and Cole slaw as sides. I could smell the BBQ sauce in his beans. And be sure to check out the daily board for special sides. The desserts. I got peach cobbler oh its light and airy and yummly.
4	My wife found this restaurant when it was on DI & Durango, and we've loved it since then. We like he new location now, cos it's nicer and cleaner. We have tried every single item from their menu, but babyback rib, sausage and chicken are always our favorite, and have to try their sweet tea, it's just so good..
5	After a disappointing pulled pork sandwich at another barbecue place -  Sassy Sal's in the Northwest- I was still craving the real thing so my girlfriend recommended we go to TC's which has been a favorite of hers for a while. We had a certificate from Restaurant.com which obliged us to eat there and while we were originally hoping for take-out, I'm glad we stayed.  First impression - I really liked the decor which had great, vibrant color along with tasteful framed photographs on the wall which made you feel right at home.  This is exactly what I want from a barbecue joint -clean, tasteful, casual, and homey.Service was prompt, friendly and attentive throughout.  The food was the real deal - plenty of  great tasting pulled pork with just a bit of sauce on the bun and great coleslaw to go on top.  My girlfriend got a two meat combo with beef ribs, hot links, and two sides which she said was also good.  The peach cobbler was great - and I don't even like peaches!  I can't wait to try the glazed donut bread pudding.I'm kicking myself that I've lived down the street from TC's for two years and this was only my first time there.  They've got a ton of lunch specials for only $4.99 and daily specials. 'll definitely be back soon.
4	I'm a fan of TC's Rib Crib. If you are looking for good home cooked comfort food, this is the place for you. They are in their new location now which is bigger and better. The food is always good. I also love this place because it is a small business and the people who own it are some of the nicest people I know. They are really commited to the community and doing their part. You have to love that.
4	I've been going to TCs since they opened and I tasted their pulled pork for the first time like 6 years ago or whenever it was. They have some good bbq and sides and pretty decent prices.  The pulled pork is the main event here for me, although I confess during the whole span I've never tried the ribs. I was just never a huge fan of ribs in general. The brisket is well cooked and the links are nice and spicy. They have rib tips which I've had and they are very good and at 8.99 for a plate of them with 2 sides and cornbread, it's honestly almost too much to finish. They also have chicken and waffles, and their waffles are seriously good eats.  The sides are plentiful and they have different ones each day. I always get the fried cabbage when it's on the menu because its delicious, and the macNcheese is not bad either. The deserts are all homemade and the ones that I've tried are good. They had this oreo pie that is to die for, but the last few times I've visited it's not been there =(  Also theres kool aid on the drink menu, its like 1.50 or so for a giant cup with refills. Purple please. Oh yes.  I've never had a problem with the service, though my visits are like 70% takeout, 30% dine in probably. The girls that work there are nice and the chef has come out to greet once or twice. It's very friendly and  inviting atmosphere in the dining room, so I would recommend at least one visit to see if you enjoy it as much as I do.
4	I went there on a recommendation from a felllow BBQ junkie.I have to say, it was pretty damn good! Probably some of the best I had.The service was good too.This place is a hole in the wall, its no fuss and thats all I can say. They are what they are, in the best way possible.I had the sampler platter and everything was great, including the collard greens, which is a test of any bbq joint.Their corn bread was disapointing, they were corn muffins.The hot links are F'n amazing!!!The prices are great too, you won't go broke eating here...
2	TC's what happened?  Have been several of times.  Food is good but the service is the worst!!! My husband and son each ordered two meats with sides. I ordered a salad with shredded pork on top.  They received their meal and were half way done and I still did not receive my SALAD!  The waitress never came over to say anything or check on us.  I had to yell across the  restaurant to inquire about my salad.  When I asked she said "oh, he's making it now!"....very rude, I might add.  I told her that she can  just cancel my salad as my family was almost done with theirs.  I nibbled on my husbands greens and rib tips.  When the waitress finally brought over the check there were never any apologies on my salad, REALLY!!  I will never go there again!  You are suppose to offer a Groupon to get customers to keep coming, not scare them away...but maybe that is why we were treated like second class citizens!  Hopefully, their good food will keep them in business and the service will not run people away.
5	I'd just like to say that I've had bbq in Tennesse, Texas, South Carolina, Alabama and even NYC but I have NEVER had BBQ this tasty and tenderEVER!!!! I'm from the Tri-State, where there are some of the best spots to eat are in the world. I travel alot as well and I haven't been this impressed in a long time with BBQ. I'm a foodie and I was blown away with the food period!We were on our annual Vegas trip and I went to look for the spot because of the reviews and I was tired of the same ole same ole on the strip.TC's is Vegas's diamond in the ruff!!! The mac and cheese is so delicious I had to order another to go. They give you enough food that you can eat for days.  The chef came out to great us because I raved so much. The service is excellent too.PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE go and check this spot out. It's affordable and I PROMISE you won't be disappointed. I can't wait to go back!!
1	Went here the other night and when I walked in with my family there were only two people there.. Didn't think much of it, the service (at the beginning) seemed on top of it but once she placed our food down we never saw her again! Everyones drink was empty and I had to call a different waitress to get us the bill.. Let's talk about the food. I had pull pork sandwich with sweet potato fries I can say it was good (8.99). My husband had brisket and it was horrible! It tasted like lunch meat and was just smothered in this sour BBQ sauce... (recommendation- smoke your brisket) it was 12.99 and the portion was so small. (not worth it) My daughter had two beef ribs that didn't even have enough meat on it AND was too spicy for a 6 yr old to eat! I tasted it and couldn't eat it. Why would they put that on the kids menu and not specify that their BBQ sauce is spicy?! We obviously couldn't tell our concern to our waitress because we never saw her again! This place is ridiculous and I wouldn't recommend it at all!!
5	TC's baby back ribs are the best ribs period.Their barbeque sauses are good to average but their ribs are all perfect.Limited side dishes end up being mediocre supporting cast members to the stars.  The pulled pork, the brisket, the did I say ribs are the ultimate meat fest.
5	this place is awesome. i have been craving BBQ for a while since I moved from Colorado. This place hit the spot and hit the nail on the head. I know where to go now for BBQ. The staff is amazing as well, and if you dont know what to order ask the staff. My wife and i were able to share a meat order of 1/4 ribs, and pulled pork. I thought it would be small, so i ordered a beef brisket sandwich. we couldnt finish it. we ended up taking the rest home with us.
5	AMAZING.  Real Southern cooking.  I know because I used to live in the South, and I used to eat at the famed Leatha's BBQ in MS all the time.This is genuine, home-made stuff, not some dry, commercialized crap from major chains.  Their recipe has been handed down for generations, so you know this is legit.  Juicy ribs that easily fall off the bone, and BBQ sauce to die for are just a couple of things that define TC's.The sides tend to get overlooked, as they are just as good as the ribs.  The fried okra is the best.  And though I absolutely hate coleslaw, I can say with a straight face that I really like TC's.  I don't know what it is, but it is good.I really do believe this is the best home-made BBQ place in town, so try it for yourself!
3	Everytime I pass by I always see a sign for $4.99 lunch specials but when I look at the time it's either to early or to late. I always slow down looking at the sign as if it would magically change. $4.99 has to be a really good deal for BBQ so to save some bucks I wanted to go during lunch. Passed by on a Saturday, like clock work I see the sign, slow down, read the sign, and check the clock.  Almost continued on as usually but it was lunch time so turned at the next chance.  "Yea Im gonna get my BBQ ON!!" Not so, no lunch special on Sat and Sun but a 2 for 1 breakfast special which was OK but I really wanted some BBQ.  Not much of a BBQ menu for breakfast, mostly omelets and waffles. Ordered the brisket omelet not my favorite I was expecting it to be covered with BBQ sauce and big chunks of brisket pieces instead there was tiny slices of brisket and not a lot of taste.  All there was on the table was hot sauce and ketchup. It was plenty filling though. Next time I'll see if they can give me some BBQ sauce.I ordered some BBQ to go. Some of their "world famous" BBQ ribs which tasted really good and the meat fall off the bone tender like it suppose to.  The full slab was $20 but had a $10 for $20 yelp coupon so scored.I had the craving for some brisket, hence the brisket omelet, so ordered that to. Again I was expecting thick pieces of brisket, you know something you can cut with fork.  Instead very thin slices kind of how you would eat deli meats.  It was also rubbery and chewy, not a fan of the meat but loved the sauce.Services was good, friendly and warm must have been the holiday season.  The place was decked out for the holidays, stocking hanging, xmas tree, and music playing.  It was slow there so I don't think they mined me stay there a just relaxing after I ate.  Even stole a few ribs and brisket pieces out of my containers before I left LOL. They have dessert but I had no room, menu say to ask for their $1.00 dessert of the day.  I'll probably be back for more ribs and to try more of their BBQ menu. I like all of the old photo all over the wall.
2	Not the best BBQ/Soul Food in town but it wasn't inedible. I was a bit disappointed with the Brisket but the sweet tea was fabulous! I personally think they are a bit overpriced for the quality and quantity of food you get and I wish I would've seen the yelp deal BEFORE we ate there!
2	Use to be better at the old location. Does not have the family feel to it anymore and food is just OK. But great Sweet Potato Fries!
3	Wanted to love this place!! Annnnnd, didn't. The food was just "ok". The people that worked there were nice. Service was super slow even though we were the only ones there at the time. I think the long wait hyped us up even more...thinking it would be delicious. Nope. Just..."eh".
2	I believe in 2nd chances! Ordered the Barbecued Chicken for take-out. It was so dry I fed it to my dogs and ate the 3 day old Albertson's Barbecued Chicken in my fridge. You know it tasted fresher and better! Corn Muffins were good though.
4	I got a Groupon recently for TC's Rib Crib. I had been to there old location, but this was my first venture to this location. I went with my spouse and we both got the lunch specials. I got the pulled pork sammie with the greens. My wife got the chopped brisket sammie and fried tea. She also got a sweet tea. We split an order of banana pudding. The food was quite good and the price was right. We'll be back.
4	**Summary**       - Ribs - The spare ribs were probably one of the best ribs I've ever had. The meat inside was just so tender. The bbq sauce was just perfect with fire-kissed crust.       - Homemade - Almost all of their non-fried sides are homemade. It gives the food a more family feeling.       - Location - They used to be over on Dessert Inn but moved to a roomier location. They also changed their phone number and didn't update yelp until recently.       - Price - The prices are a bit steep if you're eating for one. I usually share a three meat combo, so it ends up being about $9 a person. Trust me when I say, it's a lot of food.       - Consistency - It seems people either really like or really hate the place. Even something like the meatiness of the ribs is up for debate. I don't know if it's a consistency problem.**Ordered**       - $17.99 Three Meat Combo with 2 sides and cornbread muffins.          - 1/4 Rack (3 bones) Baby Back Ribs (Pork) - Fire-smoked and crispy on the outside with their homemade bbq sauce. Meaty and juicy on the inside. It's a step above your overcooked Tony Roma's or Famous Dave's ribs.          - 1/4 Rack (3 bones) Spare Ribs (Pork) - I'd prefer the spare ribs over the baby back because they had more meat and were thicker. This meant there was a lot more fall off the bone meat between the smoked crispy crust and the bone.          - Beef Brisket - The bbq sauce, though the same as the ribs, just seemed too sweet. The brisket was not thick sliced like I was use to. It was thinly sliced like bulgogi. I probably wouldn't get this again.          - Candied Yams - Homemade and caramelized to perfection.          - Wedge Cut Fries - Crispy on the outside, cooked just right on the inside.          - Cornbread muffins - Also homemade, they were sweet and delicious. For an extra dose of diabetes, you can add honey on top.**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for some calorific soul food. I'd choose your meats/sides wisely however. Reading the other reviews and my own experience, the items are either really good or really bad.
2	I'm kinda disappointed by this place.  After reading alot of good reviews i gave it a try.   First of all the place was totally empty, except for some people picking up an order.  It took the girls about 15min to take our drink order, I don't know why!!!!!  I went with my two small children, ordered the lunch special BOGO free on Tuesdays.  I ordered the riblets with coleslaw and the half chicken with mac and cheese. I thought it was gonna be enough for the 3 of us.  When the food came out i thought it was a joke or something.  I was like, where is the rest of our food!!!??   The servings are ridiculous!!!!!!!!!!!   I had to order an extra lunch special.   My 2 year old ate the super tiny quarter leg almost whole.   And my riblets were just so tiny  there was hardly any meat on them.  On top of that the food came out cold... What a BIG letdown!!   I will never go back.  I really don't understand all the hype about this place.  Maybe we went on the wrong day and time.   If you want good BBQ try H&H BBQ in NLV.   Also let me add that the Kool- aid has sooo much sugar its almost undrinkable...
5	My wife and kids accompanied me to TC's rib crib for a family outing there and it was the first time any of us have ever eaten there. We were going because a co-worker of my wife suggested it. Please BEWARE though that the address on some of these sites is WRONG and if you go to the OLD location there's nothing there! It took us 15 mins and we had to find that out the hard way.We ordered the following:Mac-n-cheese: GREAT! Their own recipe and it was awesome! It's really hard to find homemade macaroni and they BY FAR have THE BEST! And this is coming from people who have had mac a hundred different ways!Mild Links: I can't remember which MEAT it was, but different meats have different heat factors, chicken being the most mild, so it had to have been pork or beef. Anyway, they were GREAT also as compared to other links from other places. VERY FILLING too!Beef Brisket: Not the best. The BEST I've had would be at Famous Dave's BBQ. But this place would be 2nd best and I've had it at several places. Very tasty and filling.Baked Beans: Good, but nothing to write home about.Cornbread: Good, but nothing to write home about. Rather small compared to what other places give you. This was a small sweet muffin styleMini-Burgers: My daughter had this, it looked filling but she still said she was hungry afterwards. Keep in mind she's a very hungry girl.Donut Style Bread Pudding: The most disappointing of all because it can't REALLY be considered bread pudding. I love bread pudding so I know what GOOD bread pudding is. Famous Dave's has the #1 BEST, Green Valley Ranch Buffet has the 2nd best. This place literally gives you a itty bitty little plastic thing with some weird bread stuff covered in that thick nasty white goo you see on top of honey buns from 7-11. And that's EXACTLY what it tasted like, a 7-11 Honey Bun. What was more disturbing was it was prepackaged and the waitress asked me if I wanted it heated up, meaning it was put in a microwave. NOT GOOD. They should SERIOUSLY not even offer bread pudding if it isn't home made. What a shame.Sweet Tea: Good, one of few places that have it and it was LIPTON sweet tea. Just like I grew up on and make at home. But I would expect an AUTHENTIC soul food restaurant to have something more special. The amount (as far as cup size) was so much that I never needed a refill so that was good too.One weird thing to complain about... While my KIDS were there, 2 white bikers came in and sat down to eat and they were cussing really loud the entire time. Usually I wouldn't mind because they are adults and they can do what they want. I even cuss in front of my kids at home and they know THEY aren't allowed to do the same. But the fact that those guys would cuss loudly in a restaurant with kids seemed rude, obnoxious, and ill-mannered. Not the restaurants fault but I didn't see any of the employee's responding to the situation. If I were the owner or manager I would have NICELY reminded them that "This is a business and a family establishment" and asked them to please stopp cursing because of the kids.
3	One thing that does really irritate me about TC's is that it's phone is busy so often.  They don't seem to have a system to take multiple calls at once.  I even had the phone company ring me when the line was open and still waiting after one hour.  Weird.
4	Always great food, and always excellent service!
4	I was able to get a Groupon Now for free and tried this place.  I ordered the three meat special with ribs, brisket, and chicken with mac and cheese and greens on the side.  The meats were nice and tender.  Their BBQ sauce is good but the one we had was a little on the sweet side.  The greens were amazing but the mac and cheese is just ok.
2	1 year ago we moved to Summerlin and since then I have driven past TC's Rib Crib and seen it on my check in list on Yelp and other sites.  At first I thought it was someone's house but then I saw it was a real shop and my hopes rose as I love BBQ and hole in the wall places are usually the best.     Well finally my family and I gave it a try.  First   The menu was promising and I am kicking myself for not trying the Catfish Fry-Day special. Instead we went for the three meat combo and our daughter tried the two rib kids meal.   The baked beans and cornbread  were excellent and the potato salad not bad.  The barbecue sauce had a lot of flavor and spice.  However, there was way too much sauce on the food even for us BBQ lovers.  The spare ribs were tough and chewy instead of tender.  The pulled pork might as well been a bowl of sauce as the meat's only flavor came from the mass of sauce.  The brisket was unique, almost a greek gyro cut (very thin and bendable like ribbon) but was also chewy and overcooked.  The atmosphere was nice but the staff mostly seemed overworked resulting in a long time between drink refills.  The YELP coupon definitely made this a value buy and the $4.99 lunch specials and kids prices make it a bargain for the value conscious but if you are looking for the perfect BBQ, you will be disappointed.  It appears from the mixed reviews that this place may be hit or miss depending on the chef or how busy they are but It won't be in my main rotation.  I will however give it another shot one day just to see if I caught a bad day.
2	TC's Rib Crib 3655 South Durango, Suite 18Las Vegas, NV 89147 This place was voted Best of Vegas 2007, Best Pulled Pork 2007...I say Hog Wash!! This place earns 2 stars at best.  Too much sauce, very sweet sauce (which I usually like) but when you can't tell what is under the sauce, eeww...the ribs were tough and had no flavor.  Service left a lot to be desired! Price, pretty good.  Yelp had a special ($10 for $20) so the cost of dinner, cash out of pocket was $10 which included a tip. Hard to find good BBQ in Vegas, but I'm on the hunt now. Famous Dave's (another local BBQ favorite here in Vegas) get a much higher rating. Location: 4 stars (Great views) Atmosphere: 2 1/2 stars (very casual, but cool old pics on the wall) Food: 2 stars Service: 2 1/2 Price: 4 Stars
4	My sons and i love the place. something about the flavor of the ribs and chicken. been going there for years. look out for groupons & yelp special deals.
4	This place has great food! We've tried the pulled pork and beef brisket sandwich with sweet potato fried and wedge fries and lemon cake for dessert. They play R&B music and there are plenty of soul food choices to choose from. The service however was slow, but overall, the place had a friendly atmosphere.
5	I am not sure about yelpers now after reading some of reviews for this place. First off someone said the mac and cheese was bland.  It's the best mac and cheese in town and the recipe has been handed down for generations. I am not usually a rib guy but the baby back ribs here are incredible sauced to perfection for my taste.I am not exactly sure but I think this place is staffed with family and close friends and have always been helpful and friendly. So for the yelpers who think this place is bad you must not have tried Tony Roma'a or famous Dave's  (talk about poor service and microwaved ribs yuck) you don't know a great place when you eat at one. And this place is great.
4	Whenever I don't have time to smoke ribs, TC's is right down the street to get my fix.So far, I've been getting full racks of beef and spare ribs. Both racks are delicious, but there is something special about beef ribs. I had cow rib meat all in the nooks and crannies of my teeth. I love that feeling! It's so soothing! You know you've been eating ribs when you smile and you got all this shit stuck in your grill. EYE LIKA!!!Both full racks were big orders, but It seemed like you got a lot more with the full rack of pork spare ribs. The price isn't bad at all for a full rack. Solid ready-to-go bbq, although I wish they would drenched their ribs in bbq sauce. Make sure to ask for extra sauce. The Ribs will get you there if you're too lazy to make them yourself...There still is a lot on the menu that needs to be sampled. Will update...
5	Having had BBQ from the South, this place is amazing. The service was phenomenal; the staff genuinely cared if you enjoyed the food or not. It has a "home" feeling to it. The ribs were very good with great sauce as well as the pulled pork was excellent. The people saying it didn't taste good have not had southern BBQ. The mac and cheese is the best  in town by far; homemade, very cheesy, and just perfect. The price was very reasonable for what you are ordering and the sides are large. The desert was also homemade and very delicious. Having this be my first time at TC's my overall experience was amazing and will tell others about it and will return in the future!! =)
5	Love the southern cooking! Everything I have tried here is amazing. I'm partial to baby back ribs and wedge fries, my husband adores the pulled chicken and Mac and cheese. We have every birthday here, it is a great place in a nice location run by good people! Never disappointed!
4	Before the move to this location, my last visit was rather disappointing, so when my husband wanted to go here for dinner tonight, I was a little hesitant.  The place was near empty, it's a lot bigger dinner room and the service was good.  I go a two meat combo, sausage and brisket with two sides.  I loved the sausage, but the brisket I didn't care for.  I think it's more like roast beef, cut into thin strips, there is no smoke line, and it reminds me a lot of my mothers Sunday roast beef.  My husband got a slab of ribs and they were very good, so if I come back, I will skip the brisket.
4	Great experience thanks to a Yelp! deal and some good tips.The food is pretty darn good. Of course, get the ribs... don't stray.Great service and reasonable prices, considering the quality :)
5	My wife literally applauded after eating the mac and cheese.Amazing ribs (spare/beef/baby back), chicken and links.  For sides, we typically do a double of the mac & cheese.  Giant cups of Muddy Waters (Sweet Tea + Lemonade) to wash it down.  Followed by a nap.I really have no clue what else to say about this place. I LOVE IT.
4	The beef ribs! Never eaten at TC's but we had TC's make some beef ribs to come home. The beef ribs were a hit with my family. The sauce was so good, it made you wanna smack your mamma! Besides the sauce, the beef was tender. My only gripe was the lack of beef on the rib, it wasnt love at first sight but once eaten that all changed. Other than that the ribs were really good.
4	Good stuff!
4	Food was great however the service was horrible. Took a good 10-15 mins for somebody to come take our drink order. Once we did get our food nobody bothered to come see if we needed a refill. Next time I'll just order for take out.
5	I absolutely love TC's and I've been eating here or a few years now. Yes, the service is NO good but the waiters and waitresses are clearly nieces, nephews, etc. of the two owners, and it's no reason to denote any stars considering such small businesses need support from friends, family, and their customers. The meats are always delicious, the mac and cheese is phenomenal, and don't forget to ask about their daily dessert for only a dollar (I'm a fan of the banana pudding). I also like the fried okra. The quarter chicken lunch special with all white meat is only $5.99 and PLENTY of food. Regular lunch specials (entree and side) are $4.99 before 3pm any day and on Tuesdays lunch specials are 2 for 1. Can't beat feeding two people for five bucks anywhere, especially with food like this. If youre feeling adventurous, I also recommend the chicken and waffles. The owners (husband and wife) are wonderful, and if they are there during your visit, don't miss out on a conversation with them. Overall, this place is small, family run, and delicious. Like I said, there are sometimes hiccups with the wait staff, but you'd be happy you came and would be doing everyone a favor by avoiding Famous Dave's.
3	YUMMY YUMMY place I tried because of the most favorite deal "GROUPON"! haThe deal was for 2 sandwiches, 2 sides and dessert to share! I had the sweet tea also (that's the only way to do SOUTHERN) and it was lovely! The pulled pork was very tasty, although not quite what I expected from a "family" restaurant. I thought they would have homemade  sauce and this tasted more like something off the grocery store shelf. The sweet potatoe fries were good and the apple cobbler for desser was AMAZING! I will go back just to try the GLAZED DONUT BREAD PUDDING, since that wasn't a choice with the Groupon. And maybe the sauce will have improved!
3	The service is slow, they take their time and there is no urgency in their service. The food is great though!
4	Nice people.  Good food.  I'd definitely go back.
5	Great place.  Our favorite rib house. The ribs were meaty and tasty. Service was friendly and efficient. Like the new location and that its locally owned.
5	I've eaten ribs all across 'America and TC's are among the finest I've ever had.  The owner Joe is a transplanted Louisiana guy and his glaze is spectacularly good.  I had the spare ribs and the beef ribs and they were both succulent and the portions were gigantic.  The sides, mac and cheese and collard greens were amazing.  Even the corn muffin was splendid.  TC's is head and shoulders over any rib joint in the Las Vegas area.  I only wish I could entice Joe to move his operation to New York!
2	Used the Yelp deal and I'm glad we didn't pay full price. Service is bad and they weren't busy! Don't have to return
5	I've been to TC's twice now and I love it!! It's my favorite rib house anywhere (yes more than Phil's BBQ in San Diego!) The service is always great, and the food is mind blowing! The muddy water is really good, but we usually end up drowning ourselves in the best kool-aid ever known to man. What I love most about this place is that its not selective. What I mean is that its not "oh the ribs are great, but this/that isn't. EVERYTHING at TC's is delicious! From the mac & cheese to the ribs/sauce...I couldn't drool more. Make sure to use the Yelp deal!
5	Best BBQ place I've seen in Vegas and it won't cost you an arm/leg, which is typical of BBQ restaurants.Made me feel like I was back in the midwest again, love it.
2	Decided to check this place out since we were in the area and there was a yelp deal. The food was decent, nothing too special but it took forever for the server to bring our food and it wasn't hot when it arrived. After waiting forever we didnt' want to send it back to be reheated. The restaurant wasn't that busy either so the delay and luke warm food was a disappointment.
5	I don't think I have been to a better restaurant in the area -- the staff was SO helpful, generous and gracious; a business strength paralleled ONLY by how PHENOMENAL the down-home cookin' was, in perfect accordance with their purported style of cuisine.  I feel very lucky we found this Yelp deal and will absolutely return!!
4	YOU AIN'T GOT SOUL IF YOU DON'T LIKE TC's!  This place is the real deal Soul kitchen.  I had a little of everything, and took to go what I couldn't finish -- and oh baby, that ain't no problem!I had the baby back ribs, beans, collard greens, mac & cheese (unreal!), and sweet potato pie.  Each was so very good, and at a very fair price.  Excellent service by super nice and friendly gals (special shout out to NicNic and Ducky!).It's a casual place in a mini-mall, but with cute and authentic southern decor.  For a west-coast guy, I no longer felt like I was in Vegas, or back in LA where I live -- this transported me...and I loved it.Oh yes, I'll be back, and I'm bringing ziplocs.
4	Decent prices , very friendly staff , but most importantly great food. The yelp deal also a steal.
4	The place is a little small but the decor and furnishing have a welcoming feeling...of a family owned business that is actually relaxing.  Casual place, but nice! The food comes in good amount packed with flavor to savor as the aroma engulfs your smell senses. Prices are reasonable and portions are generous as far as meats go.  They could give a little more when it comes to sides though.   The servers at the time were very friendly, polite and helpful.  Food is generally of the South type flavor, but there is something everyone will love.  Especially the BBQ!  I haven't had a chance to try much of their other stuff...but I definitely will come back!
2	Not sure why Las Vegas struggles to have good BBQ. This place is highly overrated. The ribs are par-boiled and the food is mediocre.
3	We were driving around thinking of something to eat and saw TCs was open and we had a restaurant.com certificate. They moved from the last time I visited and are now by Zaytoon market.We grabbed a combo to share: Spare ribs and baby back ribs were two of our choices. I ended up enjoying the spare ribs more as they were much juicier while still having a smoke flavor. It wasn't the best I've had, but they were solid enough. I wanted to try their beef ribs but they were out. We got beef sausage as our 3rd meat. This was hot link style and this I enjoyed better than the ribs actually. Sides we got mac n cheese which was just okay, collard greens was a bit too salty, fried jalapeno slices were spicy, crispy and good. They also brought us cornbread with our combo which was good but could have used some butter. I probably should have asked for someThe lady working the counter was pretty nice and came to check on us a few times for drink refills. Overall decent, but not my favorite BBQ joint around. I would get the sausage link again though, perhaps as a sandwich.(Yelp 100 Challenge 8/100)
2	Upon entering TC's, the decor is very warm & inviting. We were the only people in the place on a Saturday morning.We wanted to come for breakfast. There was no breakfast menu even though they are open for it? Not a big deal, but wanted to try a new breakfast joint.Service was a bit slow for being an empty restaurant, but we were not in a hurry so it was not the end of the world.Ordered a 3 meal combo & a cheeseburger.Let me say the sweet tea might have been some of the worst ever. I personally despise Lipton & GMO tea. I always felt a sweet tea would come from a brand maybe made or big in the South? Maybe a better brand? The meal came... the cole slaw & mac & cheese were our sides. I will say this was some pretty great mac & cheese. The cole slaw was blended perfectly as well. The sides were better than our meats (brisket, pulled chicken, & rib tips).Whether it was the brisket or the pulled chicken, something had a weird aftertaste to it. Not sure if it was the sauce or freezer burn. Cheeseburger was nothing special. Just a frozen patty fired up. Some meat probably purchased from Sysco Foods. A shame because a ground burger from Brisket would have been totally better. This is one of those rare moments where I felt bad for the struggling business. If I could nominate them for Restaurant:Impossible, I would. The decor is so nice and inviting to just have a dud in food.
4	I tried out TC's because Buzz BBQ near my house closed.  It was worth the drive.  The chicken was near perfect and the mac and cheese is as great as others say.  Cole slaw was not my favorite but if you really cole slaw you will probably like theirs.  I will definitely try it again.
4	Tried this place for takeout once and deemed it was not half bad. Dined in the restaurant tonight and this is my take:The restaurant atmosphere was simple, clean, and very relaxed. Almost like an order-at-the-counter-then-seat-yourself kind of place. There was indeed table service albeit not the friendliest, but also not bad. BF and I decided to share the full rack of baby backs plus two sides: beans and potato salad. Everything came out in speedy time (there were maybe 3 other tables of people) and was warm, but let me tell you, this is not a place that concerns themselves with presentation. Everything was served in single use paper or plastic containers - the sides even had lids on them! Not a big deal but almost made me wonder, "What did we get ourselves into?". Aesthetics aside everything was good. I thought the potato salad was a nice consistency and balanced, very complimentary to the BBQ. The beans were basic and enjoyable. The ribs came out barely wet but extra sauce was offered immediately. Once sauced up to my liking we dug in and were very pleased. Great taste, extremely meaty, and very tender. My only complaint is that there are little bits of bone and gristle to be picked out but that's sort of expected in place like this. The cornbread that came with the meal left much to be desired which is kind of surprising for a rib place. Overall, for the price we paid we were well-fed and our rib craving was satisfied. We even took about half the rack home. Would definitely return and recommend this place to friends. TIP: we used the Yelp $10 for $20 so we only ended up paying $6 (plus tip). There were tons of specials listed, too, like 2 for 1 Tuesday lunches so that makes this place even more of a bargain.
4	Had my first visit to TC's for lunch, and I'm a fan. When combined with a Yelp Deal, this restaurant is a great value.Went here with some coworkers. One had been here prior, but it was the first visit for the rest of us. The chicken and waffles was the special for the day, which meant I got an extra waffle with my meal. The chicken wings had a crispy skin and the meat was very juicy. The waffles were okay. Nothing out of the ordinary. I also added the dessert for $1, which was peach cobbler that day.Definitely a place I would return to. Our server mentioned that I have to try the ribs next time. Considering the name of the restaurant, I might have to take him up on that recommendation.
1	I regularly go to Las Vegas and enjoy eating off the strip.  It was my 50 birthday and I wanted BBQ.  Found this place online and from the video, thought this place would be great! Talk about a disappointing experience.  The food was sub standard, possibly old. The beef brisket I had was sliced really thin and was rubbery. NEVER have I had brisket like that.  The greens were too salty and were probably from cans or bagged(blah).  The only thing good was the fried food.  I have had plenty of Greens, beans, potato salad and BBQ from the South.  What happened??
2	This was our first experience withTC and it'll be our last. We had carry out and tried a number of items. The barbecue sauce was highly rated- tangy, sweet and flavorful. The ribs  and chicken wings were cooked nicely. The cole slaw was good as well.  No complaints there. The problems were with the following:Cornbread: very odd, off-tasting, bland, giving the experience of eating a gummy lump of flavorless dough. I wanted to like it but there wasn't anything to go on. Catfish: fried nicely, but tasted like thawed out store fish. Overloaded with salt.Macaroni and cheese: bland, flavorless. We guessed all the salt was used on the fish. French fries- tasted like the frozen potatoes we imagine they started as. Easily became cardboard-like. No flavor. Peach cobbler: by far the most disappointing. The only sweetness came from the peaches. The dough was just gloppy and flavorless. Where was the sugar? The vanilla? Our meal felt like a series of memory lapses where seasonings were forgotten. This sounds like a one-star review but I added a star because we enjoyed the BBQ ribs and chicken. When you spend money you want EVERYthing to taste good!
4	The staff was friendly, the food was great and the place was clean. We came late on a Saturday night and there were only a few people and were afraid we might get something warmed over but the dinner was hot and fresh!We read about this when visiting Vegas and I guess the best I can say is we will make it a point to eat here te next time we are in town!
4	From now until forever every time I go to Vegas I shall visit TC's Rib Crib. So it is written, so it shall be done. I studied abroad in the South, I have family in the Carolina's, they don't have anything on TC's RIb Crib. Order the half rack of beef ribs, the mac and cheese is so good, the greens are like my grandma's. But they are just so good at dessert. There peach cobbler was literally like sweet heaven in my mouth. Great place for a group, great place for a date but you will get dirty!
5	This is southern barbeque at its best. Hurricane Katrina made the owner move to Las Vegas and that was good luck for Vegas.I had the barbeque ribs and my husband had the pulled pork. We split an order of fried chicken wings. All were terrific. The corn bread is the best I've ever had. Cole slaw was excellent. The only thing not outstanding were the french fries; there was nothing wrong with them, but they were just O.K. Crinkle cut fries would be perfect.We were there on a Friday night and the place was almost empty. What is wrong with the people of Vegas? Why is this place not crazy busy?! I am looking forward to my next trip to Las Vegas so I can eat at TC's Rib Crib again!
2	The food was taste good but portions were small and a bit $$.. i m sure there are better deals during lunch, but we stopped in for dinner .. The portion felt like appetizers/snacks.. Even with a restaurant.com coupon we still spend $18 inc tip? It became busy right when we came thru the door, so maybe i should of put more thought in my order, as i wanted to get it in before the big rush/ crowd. The corn bread was nothing to rave about, a handful of sweet potato fries, 1/2 slab baby back- look like a 1/3 slab and a cup of fried okra..And peach cobbler to go .That is all we got, maybe should of gotten full slab no sides.. oh well,  sorry not returning..The staff was pretty good consider they got bombarded with the soccer team and families..
3	TC's specializes in down home cooking and Southern hospitality, and it definitely feels that way when you walk in.  The restaurant is comfortably decorated; I like the red tone to it.  And the menu is a simple size while still offering sufficient options.The date and I each got our own 2 meat combo with 2 sides and cornbread.  I ordered the baby back ribs, beef brisket, mac and cheese, and Big Sam's baked beans.  Unfortunately, our meals came out sans cornbread, but we asked for it mid-meal and a piping hot paper tray of two pieces of cornbread (they were really muffins) came out.  No butter, not that I needed the calories, but it would've been a nice addition.  And they were just okay.The baby back rib meat peeled off the bone easily with my fork.  The first bite made me nervous - it was dry.  I kept digging and the meat in the middle was moist.  I don't know what happened, but the moist rib meat was good.  The ribs tasted more steamed than BBQ'd though.  I was really craving a smokier flavor.The beef brisket was good; it was tender and juicy.  It paired very well with their homemade BBQ sauce.The mac and cheese and beans came out in styrofoam containers.  That made me nervous thinking that they store their premade sides in the containers and warm them up to order.  But, it did come in handy for taking the sides home since there were plenty of leftovers.  The cheese on the mac and cheese was clumpy and not melted into the normal smooth sauce I was expecting.  It was an odd consistency, but it tasted okay.  The beans were also okay.  Both benefited from a healthy shake of salt and pepper.My favorite meat was actually the pork links that my date ordered.   They were perfectly salty and had a wonderful smokey char.  They were also beautifully grilled with lovely black grill marks.  I could've eaten just those and been happy all day.In conclusion, it was okay, but unfortunately not the best BBQ in the valley.  Aside from the smokey flavor missing in some meats, we were also wondering where the BBQ smell was.  The restaurant and parking lot were both missing the potent and mouthwatering fragrance commonly associated with BBQ places.  This left us both to wondering where and how the meats were being prepared.
4	The better bbq in Vegas. Now I've been to Famous Dave's (which sucks) and Buzz BBQ (it's ok) and TC's is one of the better joints. I ordered the family meal deal which you get your choice of 4 different meats, 3 sides, 1 fried side, and corn bread or white bread. My choices were:1.) Brisket - covered in bbq sauce that wasn't too tart or too sweet2.) Rib tips - tender and covered with the same sauce3.) Pork links - sliced in half with nice char marks. A bit salty though.4.) Baby back ribs - so tender you don't need a knife.5.) Baked beans - I am not normally a fan of beans but I enjoy this. It's a great compliment to the greens6. Greens - very salty but good when combined with the beans7.) Mac n cheese - could be cheesier but i like how the flavors are a bit mellow since you have the strong flavors from the bbq8.) Fried okra - love these little bits of goodnessFinally, 9.) Corn bread - it should really be called mini corn muffins. My only complaint with these is that it's way too small. I love me some corn muffins.The staff is very friendly and very professional. The food is pretty on point with good flavors and tenderness. Overall, this is my go to place for bbq in Vegas. Now all I got to do is go there for their fish fry
5	we LOVE this restuarant. it is easy to place a to-go order , amazing staff who are always eager to make sure order is correct and the quality is superb every time. they have specials and run ads regularly. the most recent one i saw was on the back of my Albertson's receipt. how cool is that?? it was for a buy one , get one free deal on a BBQ sandwich. what really touched my heart is : they never , ever gave me attitude when i present them with a coupon. many vendors will either give me a nasty look , or, worse terrible attitude as they ring up the coupon . some will even give me a sad story about how business is slow, blah, blah.. really?? but, not TC's. once, around the holidays, i had the priviledge of meeting one of the owners . he was actually filling all the holiday orders himself and talking to customers. please go and visit this local eatery. they have amazing food, great portions, laid back atmosphere, and of course unheard of prices!! truly southern hospitality right here in Vegas!!!
1	Food was terrible and very overpriced. I should have known to leave when i walked in and I could not smell a hint of barbecue smoke. WILL NEVER RETURN!
3	Came here with my wife and the in-laws. It is a family run place and very comfortable and cozy inside.  Loved that they serve cool-aid.  They had only 2 flavors. We ordered the spare ribs and baby back ribs.  Both were very tender and had good flavor.  Their BBQ sauce is awesome.  Great flavor and a nice bite to it.We also ordered the rib tips and brisket.  Some of the tips were burnt, but the ones that weren't were really good (the waitress did give us a discount).  The brisket was okay, a little tough.  Very disappointed with the sides.  We ordered coke slaw, potato salad, Mac and cheese, baked beans, and candied yams. The candied yams were delicious.  Good sweet yam flavor.  The Mac and cheese looked like the sauce curdled and had no flavor, very dry.  Potato salad, baked beans, and coke slaw were nothing special, very plain.  I expect the sides at a BBQ joint to be very good.  Overall, the meat was good and the sides were just okay.  Probably won't come back because there is so many other BBQ places in town to try.
3	Bought the 10$ for 20$ Yelp Special today as my boyfriend and I have been wanting to try TC's since we moved to the area. So, we went and tried it today.We both got the meat and 2 sides + cornbread meal. He got the pulled pork, sweet potato fries, and mac. I got brisket, mac, and baked beans.Our waitress was very nice and helpful. Our food looked awesome when it came out and we couldn't wait to dig in. The brisket was okay, I think I would have liked it better if I had ordered the sandwich. My boyfriend loved the pulled pork, and I have to say I did too, I kept eating from his plate! The mac was funky. We both didn't like the texture of the sauce, I prefer my mac and cheese to be creamy and this was kind of gritty. Sweet potato fries were good, and so were the baked beans. I didn't get to try any dessert, I was too full :( Overall this place is okay. Nice, chill atmosphere. I'm definitely going back for that pulled pork in the future, and I have to try their ribs to make my complete decision.
5	Some of the best ribs in town. Better than Lucille's and Famous Dave's. Get the spare ribs and ask for extra BBQ sauce.
5	Used a Yelp deal and had a great meal. Much better than the chain BBQ's around like Famous Dave's. It actually feels like non-chain authentic BBQ. They also have some table games to play and pass the time, not that it takes long for the food to come out at all. The Mac and Cheese was like the one I make, rich and with egg, good, but I like to try something different. The potato salad was good as well, nothing to complain about but otherwise nothing particularly unique. What I was most pleased with was the wedge cut potatoes. Perfectly crispy and soft with a great batter. Next was the pulled pork, and then the beef ribs. Both were smoky and flavorful and soft. The spare ribs, on the other hand, were a bit hard and with less smoky flavor in the meat. Meat was plentiful, though, and the cornbread was good, not too sweet. Next time I will save room for dessert and try some other items.
5	I came for the lunch special for takeout :) I had the rib tibs with a side of potato salad it was all very good.
5	I like going here for lunch and sometimes take my family.  I like the pulled pork, rib tips, and pulled chicken.  The ribs and brisket are decent. The sides are tasty...I like the beans, potato salad, mac and cheese, sweet potato fries, and onion rings.  And how can you beat the $1 deserts? You get about a cup of decadence.I also appreciate that they have Kool-Aid; I have to limit my caffeine intake and this gives me an option besides water or sprite.
2	I visited this restaurant on Sunday early afternoon. The food was ok. Our macaroni and cheese was cold. Gross. I've also never see diced up brisket before. It was alright. Unfortantly, when I left the restaurant I left my cell phone behind. Not 15 minutes later did I realize this. We called the store and the manager claimed it wasn't there. We went to the store and there was no phone. The female told me no one had been in the store since I left but she didnt have it. I asked to speak to a different manager and se said I couldn't. She said the owner doesn't allow customers to call her. I left an alternative number to be reached on. No call. On Monday night my phone text my friend saying someone at rib crib had it and to come get it. I went Tuesday when they opened to get it. My phone was returned minus my $37 dollar case. The owner was nice and offered me a free meal. However I nor willI allow anyone else I know to return to this restaurant. There is just something not right about a waitress stealing your phone.
5	5/5 for BBQ. This Texas style bbq the way I remember it. Brisket comes shaved, not chopped, with a healthy dose of sweet and lightly spicy bbq sauce. I also loved the rib tips, as well as the pulled chicken, and everything we had was excellent. I'll  be back for sure.
2	The brisket was a bit too apple cidery vinegary and sliced super-thin, which isn't the flavor nor texture I typically expect from brisket.  The baby-baby ribs were TOUGH, which is DEFINITELY not what I expect from baby back ribs!  The sides were the best things there: dirty rice had a nice rue to it, black-eyed peas were spot-on, mac and cheese was wonderfully cheesy, the baked beans were the perfect balance of smoke and sweet.  The corn bread, however, disappointed and seemed like it was made straight from a powder you'd buy at a store.  Overall, though, the portions are well-proportioned, so you get a good bang for your buck, especially if you use the Yelp discount special.  Another small thing that happened that kinda put me off a little was how they served the food: the waitress brought it out, one dish at a time, with significant time differences between the plates.  So two people in our party got their food...followed by another person getting their food....and then another.....and then the final person got theirs even later than the others.  A little protocol training on consistent table service would go a LONG way, when it comes to lunch service.  So, overall, not impressed with the service nor the food, and not anticipating a return trip.
3	So after going to  Famous Dave's and eating their atrocious BBQ, I thought I'd try to find another spot, local or chain, that had better things to offer.  Most of the reviews were decent on TC's so I figured it was close enough to work to go check it out.I took some co-workers to go with.I had the 3 meat platter with chicken (dark meat), pulled pork and baby back ribs.  Side of slaw and mac and cheese.Pulled pork was great, so was the chicken. Ribs were greatly lacking, and since their name is "Rib Crib", I expected better.  They were a bit tough to start with and didn't just tear apart with ease like you'd expect.  The flavor was great until I had some charred meat from the underside of the ribs where they obviously reheated on a grill.  All I could taste was burnt charcoal.Mac and cheese had decent flavor and it was nice to have it super cheesy but it was incredibly greasy, so that's the drawback of that side.Slaw was typical slaw, nothing to write home about.Two people at the table had pulled pork sandwiches and they loved those.  Another person had rib tips and actually really enjoyed those but he said they weren't the best he's had by far.  The last person at the table also had the 3 meat combo and had rib tips, baby backs and brisket.He said he wasn't a fan of the brisket, the rib tips decent, but the most awful part of his meal were the baby backs.  They ended up being tougher than mine, harder to eat and very dry.  Also had the nasty blacked char on one side.He did in fact love his sides, dirty rice and baked beans.Otherwise the service was great, super friendly and very attentive.  Refills on drinks overflowed and it definitely made up for the quality of SOME of the food.  I'd definitely go back but not for ribs, and that's the most disappointing part.I bought the Yelp deal, the 10 for 20 dollar deal.  If it's available, get it yourself and then try the 3 meat combo yourself.  Definitely the way to go if you want to sample all the choices since it's roughly 17.99 on it's own.  So you end up saving money!
3	I enjoy southern cooking, so I stopped in at TC's Rib Crib to try their beef ribs. I have to say that the beef ribs were disappointing. There was not much meat on them. They decently do not come close to Lucille's beef ribs. The catfish was excellent though. I will definitely be back for the catfish.
5	So so delish! Great atmosphere and great service, the folks here are awesome... been twice and will keep going back, new favorite BBQ fo sho!!
3	After being told that there is no good BBQ in Las Vegas, I've been wanting any local (non-chain) place to prove them wrong.Along comes TC's.  Their regular menu and breakfast menu elicits BBQ legitimacy, with Chicken, Ribs (spare ribs, baby backs & beef ribs), rib tips, and pull pork (any of these meats available in their omelets).This being my first dining experience at TC's, I had to go with the three meat combo with 2 sides and cornbread in order to get a good feel of their BBQ.  My choices: Rib Tips, Baby Back Ribs, & Pulled Pork; Mac 'n' cheese & Fried Cabbage.To my understanding, this is a family owned and run business and it showed from the extremely friendly and personable service to some of the family members playing a board game in the dining room because it was slow.The rib tips were excellent as was the fried cabbage.  The pull pork was serviceable after adding a little more BBQ sauce.  The ribs however were dry and extremely charred.  TC's BBQ sauce is extremely sweet and lacking any kind of spice, but because that's not my cup of tea doesn't mean you won't like it.  The mac 'n' cheese was gritty and somewhat less than warm and the cornbread could definitely be categorized as stale.All-in-all, I've rated TC's with three stars based on the service, "BBQ restaurant" feel, and my craving to have more rib tips and fried cabbage.  As for rating a "Rib Crib" for their Ribs, well that would be thumbs down.
1	We went there for my Birthday.  Biggest mistake ever, totally disappointed.  I am from Seattle and our Barbecue quality is not the greatest.  I have also been to Kansas, Alabama, Texas, and Georgia where I have had fantastic Barbecue.Who slices beef brisket thin like deli meat unless it has been put in the refriderator and cooled.  It was rubbery and tasteless. The sides were ok.  I went there do to a video showcasing thier food.  What a lie. I will not be back.
5	The beef ribs are the best - tender juicy And meaty. We also tried the pork ribs and the BBQ chicken.  The pork ribs are also to die for and the chicken was good. I highly recommend the fried okra and the banana pudding. We loved the food so much we went back the next day. The restaurant is clean and well kept. The service was a bit slow and scattered but the food was worth it.5 stars without any reservations.
4	This was my first visit for dinner on a Monday night using a restaurant.com coupon.They were located on S Durango/Spring Mountain Rd in Las Vegas.  They were hidden in a strip mall.We sat in a booth and shared the Full Slab of Baby Back Ribs with a side of Sweet Potato Tater Tots and Cole Slaw.  There were 10 tender ribs with plenty of sauce on them.  The Sweet Potato Tater Tots were hot and crispy.  The Cole Slaw was slightly sweet but a little watery.  Everything was very good and I would order them again.Service was friendly and attentive.  We will be back.
5	Every time I stop at TC's I am reminded how great and friendly their staff is.  Even if I didn't love the beef ribs, I'd go back time and again.  Do yourself a favor and stop for lunch (or dinner) and be reminded what a great family dining establishment is all about!
4	Good stuff. Def worth trying out.
5	Wow!!! What an awesome place. Service and food are incredible!! Best BBQ chicken and ribs I've had!! Sides were great too. Can't wait to go back to Vegas!!
5	Do not set foot in this place if you are on or are considering being on any sort of diet! The food is amazing.  Large portions of freshly cooked great tasting southern/soul food.   For those from the south this is a taste of home.A tip... order your Kool-Aid by Color!  "I'd like purple please!" and don't be afraid to ask what colors they have today.  On one visit they had green (lime). (warning: don't order if you are diabetic.   This is the full sugar kind of kool-aid)
2	The beef brisket was a skirt steak, they used turkey bacon for the turkey in the greens.....it could've been better. The potato salad was good
3	I was feeling the mood too try something new in my area of town. I know this place has won best of las vegas review journal awards although that was few years back. Since then the competition comes too barbeque has stepped up with new places on top of the established ones. So some ways going in it was going too be tough too stand out. I always always give any place benefit of open mind and like try new places get my own take on it. Really TC's Rib Crib never had any WOW factor too the food I tasted. It was average barbeque at best with average sides. Really even though this location is on my side of town would much rather drive farther too get more authentic barbeque on.I ended up ordering the pulled pork (I always fail too get it sandwich style or forget) with choice of two sides and comes with cornbread. I settled on fried okra and mac/cheese for my sides. The amount of pulled pork they give you actually decent size for the price you pay. I wished it covered in more sauce. They ask you when food comes out if want more barbeque sauce. I did. The tables can dine inside none of them automatically have barbeque sauce as set condiments. I found odd considering it is barbeque joint? I not much fan of the barbeque sauce felt like it lacked depth, rather bland, and nice if had few options too choose from. The sides I did enjoy the fried okra!!!! Really just diced okra battered and fried. It nice golden brown, crispy on the outside, and nice hot and moist on the inside. The mac and cheese wished could have been more creamy and cheesy. It was ok. The cornbread was pretty good. Maybe I needed too the order the ribs but suppose save that for another visit...Maybe.The service was good. They asked if wanted too dine in or take out. The gentlemen asked if wanted more barbeque sauce. Attentive. They have really cheap lunch special and great groupon deal going right now. It small place so can fill up fast if it gets busy. I went during weekday for dinner so only one in the restaurant.
4	Awesome food and great service ...
2	When you walk in the doors, it has the "this doesn't feel like Vegas" thing going for it. Simple decor, hand written deals on whiteboards, photos on the wall and what seems to be a family running the place. I personally love spots like that and I wanted to love TC's but it just didn't happen. I ordered a 2 meat combo with links and brisket then chose fried okra and greens for my sides. Being completely honest, this is the worst brisket I've ever had. I really don't even think they should call it brisket, it's that bad. The only thing I can compare it to is that boxed Philly cheese steak meat that comes frozen in super thin sheets. Only it's been freezer burned and overcooked to the point of leather-like texture. The link wasn't nearly as bad but definitely nothing special. As far as the sides go, the cornbread was bland and dry and the greens were straight bitter with absolutely no flavor. About the only thing worth noting on the plate was the okra...not too heavy on the breading and fried just right but still lacking flavor. My wife had a pulled pork sandwich...other than being way better then the other two meats on my plate, it still was just a basic sandwich and nowhere near worth the $9 price tag. Their sauce is ok but more sweet then anything and they don't even keep bottles of sauce on the table for you. Who does that?!I'm really only giving this place two stars because their banana pudding was decent. Other than that, this was just a bad stop for me all around. The service was terrible, the food was even worse and it's highly overpriced. We used the Yelp $10 for $20 deal but still ended up paying $21 out of pocket. Do I even need to say I won't be coming back anytime soon?
5	Awesome place! I was craving ribs today, and it was just my luck that TC's popped up on yelp. With the yelp $10 for $20 deal, I ordered the full rack meal deal, where you get to choose the type of ribs, 2 sides, and a cornbread. Sooo, I got a full rack of baby back ribs, a generous cup of cole slaw, a generous cup of greens, and a cornbread all for $12!! I've never had such good ribs for such a great deal, unless it was home made. I will definitely come back.
4	i love TCs! best macaroni and cheese i have ever had. collard greens are flavorful, BBQ is succulent, and banana pudding is to die for!the place itself has a real mom and pop family oriented feel. yelp had a $10 for $20 coupon and i definitely took advantage of that to purchase bucket loads of their mac and cheese for last years Thanksgiving. My family loved it. Check out their website for daily deals too. On tuesday they have 2 for 1 meals. i wish i lived closer to this place.
4	The deal and food were awesome.
4	Excellent ribs and mac 'n cheese.  Alot of food for the price.
3	Second visit here.   Had the beef ribs both times.    Tender, good barbque sauce (but not enough of it - when I was done eating the waitress said that she shoulda/coulda brought extra sauce).   First time I really enjoyed myself.  Second time I felt gyped - a whole rack of ribs and hardly any meat on them.   The waitress tried to warn me.  She said that sometimes the supplier brought ribs without too much meat and this was one of those days, but I figured how little meat can there be on 8 ribs?  The answer was - about 4 ribs worth of meat on 8 ribs - half of each bone had no meat at all.    And what's with the plastic forks and knives?  The waitresses are very nice and helpful but it didn't make up for the small portions.
4	The pulled pork and bbq chicken was yummy. The sweet potato pie was a disappointment, tasted more like a lemon bar
1	This place is below average. For spending $80 on food I could go to Lucille's which has better food. Coleslaw was blandtheir brisket is not traditional brisketRibs were ehCornbread was grossBBQ sauce was alrightTheir Mac and cheese was good! I am definitely not going back...again not worth the money I spent...
5	I found this place when I used to work down the street from them, and they were a go-to lunch spot for me and my coworkers back in the day. I have long since left that job, moved to a different part of town, and generally changed my diet to favor putting less sugar and refined things into my body. Then one day I got a job right down the street from their new location.If they didn't use so much sugar, and they used grass-fed beef and pastured pork, they'd be a shoe-in for best bbq in town. But that isn't their fault, sugar is a part of bbq no matter where you go.The pulled pork here is awesome. The brisket here is awesome. The ribs here are awesome. The sausages here are awesome. The rib tips are good but they used to be better, at some point they switched to doing them like everybody else with the tip of that cartilage still in them but they used to be just the meat. I miss the old way but the new way is still delicious. When I feel like I don't mind the sugar that day, and I'm in the mood for bbq, I'll take this place over Lucille's every single time.
3	The brisket was horrible but the sausage and ribs were pretty good. I am not sure what they use for brisket, maybe select meat? I've never had it so stringy and tough before.
5	The BBQ sauce at this place is delicious, has a little kick and is a little sweet it is perfect. The pulled chicken is my favorite and they have had candied yams the last few times i had been there which were also amazing. If you are in a hurry call in your order before you get there, takes about 10-15 minutes to get your food.
5	Ribs tips! Get the rib tips! And all of the desserts are goooooood!
5	Always feels like I am away from Vegas!! The staff is always friendly, personable, and super nice. There was a large group here before my husband and I came in but they still made us feel like we were the only ones there with their attentiveness!! I love coming here, the food and staff always makes me feel welcomed!! Thank you TC's Ribs!!! I will be a returning customer!!
4	We had the beef ribs and 2 meat combo platter. Really Friendly fast service and food was great. Will def go again and try the catfish!
4	I came in here awhile back and LOVED my greens and pulled pork. Ever since it's been on my mind! Today was the day we'd go back for the rib tips special. Mine was a combo of tender, hard and burnt. Yams and Mac n cheese were both so DELICIOUS! Our waiter was great, very friendly with our children. Overall, I love this place and would recommend the pulled pork!
5	The main difference of soul food bbq and other styles of bbq is, its better. these folks got their act together! Although the restaurant is small, it is also adequate in size and super clean. Its family owned. The cook is the uncle, the nephew waits tables and the wife makes sure you are happy. The best ribs I have ever tasted. The meat falls off the bone and their made in house bbq sauce is just spicy enough. BB were flavorful, mac was cheesey, but the coleslaw was unquestionably the very best I ever had. I would classify it as more of a creamed cabbage, found only in upscale restaurants.This restaurant is on its way to bigger and better things. I look forward to the next location being closer to Southern Highlands.
4	pulled pork was pretty good...the same for the onion rings and okra but they tasted like they were from frozen...they were still good so what ever...the people working there seemed like they wanted to be outgoing and friendly but Im sick right now and I was in one of my anti-social moods so as they were being very friendly I probably came off to be a b*tch! (sorry for that)...price wise they are a little pricey and I agree with others that for the price vs. quality you could go somewhere else but the are so close to my house I dont mind paying. I could say they are a-ok but I will return again so I guess that makes me a fan!
5	We have eaten at TCs several times, at least once each time we visit Vegas.  The ribs are tender and flavorful and the greens are the best I've had anywhere!
2	I was looking forward to eating here. Wow ordered a side of O rings and Jalapeno poppers received 5 - O rings and 5 - poppers  $ 3.85 each , that feels pricey  Half slab of baby back , it was a little cold,Cold slaw was soggy over all spent $65.00 plus felt very let down Only good thing the waiter was VERY Professional.
4	The food was good. It was a little pricey though. The employees were very friendly and the the place was nice and clean. It was a little cold inside though.
2	I'm a big fan of good ribs and this place fell short of good ribs. The price wasn't bad because of the $10 for $20 coupon I bought on Yelp but they quality just wasn't there. The ribs weren't tender and a little cold I used extra bbq sauce cause the taste of the ribs wasn't very good. I do want to say the service was good though.
2	Eh, they market themselves as "soul food bbq", and I have to disagree. The food wasn't nasty, but it was not great. It was just OK. I won't be going back here, and I won't be suggesting it to friends.
1	Very disappointed, place didn't smell right when we came in, maybe dirty mop water, also the paper and plastic ware was a set back, ordered the chicken and waffles,  chicken very good, waffles was so so, brought a friend with me and had to apologies to her for bringing her. Won't be back.
4	After coming here twice I have found my new favorite rib crib. The place is small but the portions are huge. I got the 3 meat combo with all ribs (beef, baby back & spare) with coleslaw and potato salad as my sides. The beef ribs had good flavor but not a lot of meat. The baby back were fall of the bone delicious. The spare ribs were excellent as well. The coleslaw was buttermilk based and no vinegar it was the perfect compliment to the ribs. When I tried the potato salad I got a chunk of egg and potato it was perfect. I will definitely be back.
5	I've been coming here for 10+ years.  Cozy clean atmosphere and the service is excellent.  Breakfast is just on the weekends but its worth the wait.  The 3 meat omlete is priceless, comes with real grits and a biscuit.  You have to drink the muddy water and dessert after breakfast is a "better than sex cake". BON APPETITE!!!!   Have never had a bad meal and the service has been above superb every visit.
2	The infamous TC's rib crib! Not quite, but it's here and there's a deal so let's do it!Seeing this deal on yelp spend $10 for $20 you think "hey! What's to lose?" The answer is flavor and quality. First impressions walking in to a empty restaurant and scoring this deal you automatically think "what did I get myself into.." How fresh can they actually keep their food with no customers helping to cycle it out of storage? The ribs were overcooked and tough like rubber, the pulled pork bland and mushy, the links were beyond charred to the point of it crumbling in my mouth leaving a horrible ashy taste. Now to the sides greens are saturated in salt, okra taste pre made well in advance and the Mac n cheese just didn't excite me.This place isn't all bad though, our server was a younger guy, very cool to talk to and always was helpful and courteous. I'm not that disappointed since I used this deal, but I highly doubt we will be back. Sad but looks like this place is on their last leg, maybe time for a new venture?
5	The Ribs are amazing. This is one of my favorite rib places. I've eaten in, gotten orders to go & catering. All were excellent.
5	Wow this place is really good. Very clise to perfect and to top it off everyone there is so nice. Can't wait to come back and eat more of their ribs and mac n cheese. A must go I give it two thumbs up.
1	Went today to order wings and fries for 8.99 (12 wings and about 10 little fries) over cooked dried out nasty food....the fries weren't even a handful. I tried to chat up a confo and be cool.but that lady at the counter has NO Customer Service Skills at all. The cooks suck. and I just took my money back,and never ever will be back. At first I thought okay word of mouth is everything,but after paying,and receiving my food with a no smile attitude woman forget it!!!!I hope you go down!!!!
5	Everything was good. Good food, good customer service, reasonable prices. The owner was out and about greeting folks. And was more then happy to fulfill my request for a sunrise (Kool Aid with lemonade). The ribs, Mac and cheese, greens, and candy yams were delicious. Although we are from California. We will return when we are in town. Thank you.
5	This place has amazing food!!! They also cater all sorts of events and will customize the menu per your request and desires. It's truly a one stop shop. Do yourself a favor and allow them to cater your next event, you won't be sorry!!!!! Thanks guys for always going above and beyond and doing a wonderful job for me!!!!
5	Amazing food and the owner is a great guy!
5	We came here after getting a deal on Groupon. I was intrigued because I am a Louisiana native & saw that the owner is from Louisiana. We LOVE our BBQ in Louisiana. Because we wanted to try several things, we just ordered the family special to get four meats & three sides with the intention of taking home the leftovers for another meal. We choose brisket, chicken, ribs & rib tips. For sides we chose potato salad, baked beans, & fried okra. You already get French fries with the family deal. The cook came out & asked what kind of ribs we wanted & we ordered baby backs. We were there early & the potato salad wasn't ready yet, so we changed to Mac & cheese. I was also delighted to find sweet tea on the menu. We had almost a whole table of food when our order came. The rib tips were the best I have EVER had! They were meaty & a little crunchy around the edges. The ribs were superb! The chicken was smoky good. Our only complaint was that the brisket was a little chewy for our taste. All of the sides were excellent....the fried okra was to die for. The Mac & cheese was world class! Oh yeah, the potato salad was made while we were eating & the cook sent out a small container to our table. It was exactly to my taste & I am kind if picky about potato salad. I found out the owner is from Baton Rouge & I just happened to be wearing my LSU Tigers sweatshirt. :) The service was good with tea glasses being refilled. We will definitely be back! We have finally found *real* Southern BBQ in Vegas!!!
5	Winding down from a very busy weekend in Las Vegas and tired of buffets. We yelped Ribs and this mom and pop showed up. It was just what we were looking for. Bountiful home cooked ribs!We were a party of 9, mostly hungry cheerleaders. We ordered the Family meal of Rib Tips, Baby back ribs and BBQ chicken with all the sides! It was tender and delicious! We also ordered a side of Beef ribs, they were the best I've ever had! Tender and not too fatty!We'll be back next time were in vegas! A party of 6 cheerleaders, a 13 year old boy and two adults ate for under $90! Wow, good food, excellent friendly service, I'll be back.Try the Arnold Palmer and the Dirty Water (like an Arnold Palmer, but sweetened)
5	OMG!!! delectible!!! bbq just melt in ur mouth! to die 4!!!  banana puddin like my nana used to make!!!
4	We got the catering goupon which they allowed us to use to dine in. My husband and kids thought the ribs were amazing. The sausage has a nice crunch to it's skin but there was no seasoning or sauce on them. The pulled pork was amazing!!!! The sides were terrific. We were seated quickly but after placing our initial order, which arrived quickly, it took a while for the wait staff to bring an extra fork and refill our drinks. The manager had to do that. It's a great little bbq place to go on a Sunday afternoon. Their dessert is a little high price though.
4	Been here a couple of times young kid is very knowledgeable food is great love the Mac and cheese and baby backs girl isn't always the happiest but still nice.
5	Love this place. Always come in here dying for their mac n cheese! There's this one guy at the place who shows exceeded customer service. He always checks up on us, is very nice, and serves the food with a smile! I personally love the beef brisket; it goes well with their BBQ sauce. My favorite, however, is the mac and cheese. Sometimes it comes out cold, but oddly, I like the mac and cheese cold because the cheesy taste pops more. I love this place I'll come back many times!
4	I enjoyed the BBQ here. A little charred on the edges but it was just the way I like it. Lots of youngsters working the store. I don't think I saw anyone older than 25 working but that is not to say that the service wasn't good. It really says a lot to the kid's credit. The owner must feel very confident to leave them all in charge. Everything I had was very good. Not the best I've ever had but I'm married to a man who looks at ribs and cooking them like science. Like I said. I enjoyed everything about my meal and I will be back when I'm in the mood for some Que.
1	HORRIBLE COSTUMER SERVICE. The owners niece did not want to except our groupon because she said the family owned business is losing money. She did not care about losing customers that were using YeLP or Groupons. She is very rude and is a LIAR. After we ordered we were very misled after until we got the bill.The staff here is unbelievable, not in a good way. Spread the word.
1	It's not the food. It's the attitude of the staff. Small businesses depend on neighborhood clienteles. Tc ribs do not act like a small business that appreciates their customers. It's a shame that I won't ever come back because they have lost my loyalty due to poor customer service.
4	Found this place on Yelp, figured we would try today after Church. Had the Pulled Pork, rib tips, potato salad and greens. Plus sweet tea, others had the pulled pork Sammie's. We loves this place, better than Famous Dave & Dickies!
5	We visit numerous times and I finally decided to write my review.  Atmosphere is like a small family restaurant,  low-key and relaxed.  As a family of 3 we usually do a 3 combo meal (2 orders of spare ribs and 1 order beef brisket and the 2 sides baked beans and potato salad). Never fails that the spare ribs are always soft and easily fall off the bone.  The meat is so tender and flavorful perfect for me.  My husband and son love sauce and will usually add more barbecue or hot sauce for themselves. The beef brisket is always tender and never chewy where you can't get it down. This usually fills us up,  if we have a bigger appetite we might order more beef brisket or the barbecue chicken.  Sometimes they have special sides like the dirty rice which my family love. We usually visit on Sundays for some barbecue and Ricky is always there to help take care of us.
4	I love it here! Right down the street from my house and it's culture rich. I can dig it. The sweet tea was amazing. I had rib tips and chicken which were both good. I admit the tips were a little dry. But overall still good the ribs however I was definitely impressed with we got half and half rack of ribs and it was super good. Definitely on my bucket list to come back :-)
3	Kimberly the waitress was nice and helpful when ordering as for the differences in ribs.  As for the ribs I ordered spare ribs and the baby back ribs both were good. For the sides I got fries, onion rings, potato salad, and coleslaw nothing great.  Definitely would go back again
5	Great dinner! Authentic comfort food and the price is right.
1	2 previous times, we've enjoyed our meals here.  However today, after waiting 15 minutes, someone comes to take our order.  When we start to order, she tells us 4 different meats they are out of (3 are what we wanted to order).When we decide we will just leave, the waitress got an attitude with us!
4	I really enjoy eating here! The food is great the restaurant is home-y and the staff is pretty nice. Love the mac and cheese and the banana pudding!
5	Best Ribs in Vegas. and the red Cool aid is the bomb.
5	How I miss TC Rib Crib! Love the man n cheese and greens. We have yet to find any place in Northern California that is even close to this place. Next time we are in Vegas we will be stopping by.
1	Had all you can eat "baby back ribs" and was very disappointed in the ribs and them being very over-priced.  I have never had such lousy ribs in my life, no meat on the bone, and what little meat that was there was burnt to a crisp and dried out.  These "baby back ribs" did not even look like a normal rib would look.  I have dines at the Rib Crib before and it seems like the quality of their food has really gone downhill.  I will never go there again and do not recommend this place to anyone.
5	I was referred to TC's Rib Crib by a friend while I was on vacation in Vegas... loved every single minute in there!! I had the pulled chicken with greens and candied yams...amazing!! And for dessert, I had the best ever--Glazed doughnut bread pudding.. it was soooo good!! Everytime I'm in Vegas from here on out, I will definitely be stopping by TC's!!
2	Eat here with their $10 for $20 Yelp deal or $33 for $60 deal from Groupon.  Otherwise, not somewhere I'd recommend.As soon as my boyfriend and I walked in, we noticed something missing: the smell of BBQ on the grill..We tried the rib tips which were measly, spare ribs were very dry as if they were made in the early morning, baby back ribs were more juicy. Nothing special about the beef brisket or pulled pork. Best thing was probably the chicken links. Dry Mac and cheese. Corn bread was totally lacking any taste or moisture. I had to drown everything in their so-so BBQ sauce. Nothing special about this place. Lacked in everything a Rib joint shouldn't be lacking.
4	I went Saturday with my best friend and the food was very good but the service was fantastic. Fun and friendly employees. I will be going back.
4	The Food was  down home finger licking Good!  The service was excellent! The girls came out and greeted us immediately..  We were a group of 6 ladies on a girl's weekend trip.  We found a groupon online and decided to give it a try.   We ordered a varied of food from baby backs, fried chicken, fried Ora, sweet potato fries, spare ribs and everything was served up hot and tasty.   They even split the checks and allowed us to use our groupons each person spent less than $8 bucks and we were Fat & Happy!  It was a great deal for what we had because Soul food is usually very expensive.
1	Will not be returning.  My company orders from here twice a week. When we tried to use a Groupon deal, we were turned away, with attitude.  Customer service was horrible,  once the lady got off her phone to see why I was there. Will be Rolling to another place for my bbq.
4	I came in  at the time of day that was too late for lunch too early for early bird dinner.  The woman behind the cash register was very patient and helped me pick out to go orders that would give the best sample of their barbe que  rib selections.  She even gave me a sample of something I was not ordering, the pulled pork Sammie ....yum!When I was in the car going home the smell of the ribs  was so overwhelming I had to pull over into a parking lot and tear one off the rack!  Being from Texas I am critical about the meat being smoky with flavor and the sauce is for dipping.  It was Texas perfect!  Most important was the staff..they were Texas friendly..though I was the only one from the lone star state.  Welcome. Home
4	I've brought several friends here.  Great BBCUE!!  Their rib meat falls off the bone and they have great tasting sides as well.  Casual atmosphere so you can wipe the barbecue from your fingers right on your shirt and fit right in.  Set off the street behind Brewski's on durango...Worth the stop for sure.  Bring the family!
1	Heard of this place through Groupon- they also have Yelp deals and other discount offers available, if you're thinking of going. But I'd like to dissuade you from doing so.For starters, service from the owner is dismal-stopped by last week to use my deal and he was arguing with another Groupon customer, loudly and unprofessionally. I wouldn't have gone back without my discount.The meat here is of such low quality, it's embarrassing. The pulled pork was so shredded that it nearly looked ground and the only flavor came from the sauce. Ribs were mediocre, and for a place named after their ribs this is unacceptable- low quality, not particularly meaty or flavorful, and a bit too charred.The brisket though. As a Texas girl, I know brisket about as well as I know my own grandmother. And I don't know what the hell they're serving here. Meat is not fresh and is cut so thinly that it appears to be prepackaged. Little to no flavor, this is not brisket. I was so, so disappointed.We left more than half of our food on our plates, paid, and left. Owner was half asleep in a booth at the back of the dining room and did not address us at all, despite being the only customers and clearly having an issue with their product.Don't go here- they don't care about their customers or their product. There's a reason they have a million discount deals up and NO customers. Barbecue sauce was tasty, but there's nothing here to put it on worth eating.
3	Food was overall ok. I bought the Yelp deal. I was really looking forward to eat the Mac and Cheese but it was pastey and dry texture to it. The ribs were fall off tender but cold served . But the best things we had was the beef brisket and the yams!!!! My son ate all of our corn bread muffins. Sadly the staff didn't do a good job, they decided to socialize instead of doing their jobs. Service was very slow.
4	Just went to TC rib crib for the first time, and didn't think about getting the voucher, oh well!!! I thought the price was reasonable, we ordered the family platter, and you get so much  food for 45 could easily feed 4-5 people maybe even six. The sweet ice tea is really sweet, and you can tell its homemade, so it tasted that much better to me. My husband liked his brisket thinly sliced so it's a matter of preference, their brisket is sliced thin.  The service staff was friendly and perfect. I probably won't come in the restaurant to eat again, but I will definitely order for pick up because all that food you really need to lay down or kick back on a couch. We tried the pork links, baby back ribs, pulled pork and BBQ brisket with sides of fried okra, macaroni and cheese, SAMs baked beans and collard greens and the meal also came with 4 corn breads which were soft andMoist... I saw a review that said they wereDry and I didn't think the corn muffins were dry at all, it could of been just one ofThose off  days but I felt all food was homemade.... We have a lot of left overs, and I will be getting this again and when I have family or friends over this would be great dish to bring home for some grub.. Especially for Those who like eating BBQ and BBQ sauce on there food.
2	I should have payed attention to all the warning signs and ran away.  In a strip mall strike one when it comes to bbq. No smoke smell whatsoever.  Strike 2. 1st plate came out fully sauced.  Strike 3. I should have been out of there.  But I had a Groupon.  SighOrdered 3 meat plate with ribs, rib tips and brisket. Came out all sauced and brisket chopped. This is a good way to hide bad bbq. I asked if the sliced brisket and they tried to to tell me it was.  Please sell this to someone who is clueless not someone who had reviewed 30 plus bbq restaurants from great to awful.Finally got my plate and was really unimpressed.  Everything was lackluster.  Rib tips sigh, ribs sigh and the pulled pork okay. It all needed the sauce.  Not good for a bbq place.  No smoke ring or Smokey flavor. I almost doubt there is a smoker on the premises.  Not sure outside of the sauce I would even call this bbq. The sides mac and cheese and baked beans were better than the meats but still not awesone. The one thing that earned this place a second star was the 1 dollar banana pudding. This is worth a stop just for dessert.  As I would never go here for any other reason.  The banana pudding itself earned this place the second star. I would not recommend stopping here of you like good bbq whatsoever.
4	I reserved a table for 20 people for a birthday dinner and TC's Rib Crib set it up on time and were great meeting the demands of our larger group. It's a lovely mom n pop business. The food was delicious including the BBQ chicken! I would recommend the family platter for a group of 4!! You get 4 meats, 3 sides, fries and cornbread. Plenty!!!CONS:-I would only return using the $10 for $20 YELP deal-they were out of rib tips AND brisket!-plastic utensils. I would have expected at least real serrated knives for cutting the meat
3	Overall, TC's was okay. I used the Yelp voucher, which made it okay, as the meal would not have been worth it without the voucher. My wife and I split the three-meat combo and a sandwich. It was good quality -- not the best BBQ I've ever had at a restaurant, but still good -- but definitely less food than I expected for the price. We were told that the three-meat combo alone was enough for two people, but it isn't. They were also out of brisket and rib tips by the time I arrived (6:30 PM), which meant I couldn't even get what I wanted. So...decent food, not worth the price.The staff was friendly enough. The only point of contention arose when the Yelp voucher was presented, the terms of which did not specify one voucher per party (I was with a party of 13). The staff was nice enough to allow us to use one voucher per table (we had five tables) anyway.
2	Unfortunately everything was overcooked, catfish, rib tips, and baby backs. Service was good, staff is friendly. Yelp deal. I haven't been here in a while, the food was much better a few years ago
5	We used a Groupon and ordered the 1/4 rack of beef ribs and a pulled pork sammie with potato salad. I have to say this was one of the best meals we have ever had!  Great service, great BBQ sauce - we'll be back!
4	Some of the best BBQ in town for a great price. Service is always great and it is true southern comfort food. I like to take out the 2 meat deal with spare ribs, pulled pork or a 1/4 chicken, Mac & cheese and greens. The corn bread muffins and BBQ sauce are both amazing and the meal is more than enough for two to share.
5	Awesome! Gabby rocks!Staff friendly and the food is down he cooking at its yummiest! Can't wait to try more!!!
4	It was good food at a good price. The inside seemed pretty clean. We will be going back. Also the staff was very friendly.
4	Good southern bbq. Service is a little slow, but that's southern style :)They also have sweet tea for all the southerners missing home. Great baked mac n cheese.
5	TC's came highly recommended as the BEST VEGAS BBQ. That's a tough one to live up to, especially having eaten great BBQ in Bham, AL. In spite of the challenge,  it turned out to be TERRIFIC! Friendly folks, good  service and terrific food, especially the baby backs anf the BETTER THAN SEX cake. Try this place when you want BBQ in Vegas. You won't be disappointed!
4	My husband and I snatched up a Yelp deal and headed in for dinner. We walked in at a weird moment where people were leaving with and other waiting on take-out orders while yet others were getting seated. We weren't yet aware that dine-in folks were seated so we stood for a bit until we caught on. The room smelled great. The walls were decorated with photos, articles, and art pieces that made the space comfortable and reflected the family ownership. The rest of the space is straightforward with seats, which I appreciate in a BBQ place. I don't know why, but overly decorated BBQ places are weird to me. Sidenote: the UCLA sticker in the window was not lost on us recent transplants from Los Angeles and Bruin alumni. Anyway, our server welcomed us and got our drinks. I don't know what it is with this city but, as usual, the refillable fountain drinks were Pepsi. However, it was nice to know that Coke products were available in cans (just not refillable). Being a human camel, I went with the refillable stuff. When we ordered, our server asked if we'd been in before and we said no. She very genuinely and excitedly welcome us and expressed her happiness about our first visit. That didn't go unnoticed. It was really sweet. It being Friday and me loving fish, I already knew I was ordering the daily special of fried catfish. I went with the 3 piece meal with two sides - fried okra and mac and cheese - with cornbread. Let me just say that the catfish was so on point that my husband and I ate the entire portion despite my promises to myself to save half for later. The fish was perfectly fried and seasoned; crisp and clean and in no way greasy or fishy. As I mentioned, we recently moved from LA. Our old apartment out there was close to many soul food options and this catfish was on par with many of our favorites. My heart was happy from this dish. The fried okra was also well cooked. I think it missed a sauce but the hot sauce at the table worked well. The mac and cheese was cheesy and thick though a tab bit on the colder side. Still, despite the temperature, it was a solid accompaniment to the entire shared meal. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=rVzUDPH_6vUEQOFuNBIovQ&userid=5DFshFQlbQiQTvtzH7qwlAMy husband, and rib lover and pork enthusiast, went with the three-meat plate and upgraded to all the ribs available: 1/4 slab pork spare ribs, 1/4 rack pork baby back ribs, and 1/4 rack beef ribs. He selected greens and fries for his sides. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=ZNYVsrPOUg0n91NhzKZv5w&userid=5DFshFQlbQiQTvtzH7qwlAhttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=znzhMgybO7TFHvg0VV4agQ&userid=5DFshFQlbQiQTvtzH7qwlAWe're both from pork loving cultures and the ribs did not disappoint. They all had a lovely smokiness and tenderness. I usually favor pork ribs but, in this instance, I felt the beef ribs were the most outstanding. My husband  favored the baby back ribs. Being greedy, we tacked on an order of brisket . Also, Friday nights are usually cheat and date nights. Just saying. Don't judge. I'm capable of eating even more. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=gms7IFEgYRSA-HioCsyGmg&userid=5DFshFQlbQiQTvtzH7qwlAI was surprised at the thin slices of the brisket but I rather enjoyed it. It reminds me of Korean BBQ brisket, but with soul. It was fantastic stuffed into the accompanying cornbread. I felt the service was very attentive. We were checked in on just enough to feel catered to without feeling suffocated and I had no trouble getting refills. We had a few hiccups on the food (had to ask for the cornbread and brisket after everything else came out)  but that didn't really bother us. Actually, it made us laugh about how overzealous our order was. However, I will say I was disappointed we weren't offered dessert. I forgot what was on the menu but I probably would have gladly ordered something. The tab came out to $48 for 2 drinks, 3-meat all rib plate, catfish, 4 sides, and brisket a la carte. With the Yelp deal, that dropped down to $27. Tip and the original $10 to buy the deal brought the total back to $47, which I think was absolutely fair even without the deal. That all being said, I think 3.5-3.75 stars is on point and we look forward to returning soon. If I recall correctly, my husband plans on a full rack next time (I assume baby backs). If, for some reason I find myself off from work on a weekday, I will beeline here to check out the $4.99 lunch deals!
4	Loved it! Homey atmosphere and home cooked food. The mac and cheese wasn't made from slimy cheese-food-product, it had the texture of CHEESE. The greens were cooked and seasoned perfectly. The pulled pork was amazingly moist. The sauce was spot on! Not to sweet, not too hot. The ribs were like home made. I notice that ribs in chain restaurants have a weird texture... chemical brining? I read someone else's review complaining about the texture of the ribs and that they were charred. I disagree. I think they are plenty tender and meaty and yes, charred in a few places...they WERE near fire. (sarcasm) The fried okra was good, fries (sweet and regular) were good. The waitresses were fun and friendly. If you are a chain restaurant lover, maybe this isn't the place for you.
5	I grabbed the Yelp deal like many others here, and I had a fine time here.  The barbecue was well sauced and the sides were very tasty.  Service was excellent as well, and it was very easy to find parking since it is in a large strip mall.   Overall I would recommend people give this place a try if you are looking for a good deal on home cooked barbecue.  For the price, they are an excellent deal and they are very friendly as well.
5	I grabbed the Yelp deal as many others did! My brothers and I ordered the Chicken and Waffles with Muddy Water! Totally delicious! Service was awesome and the wait for food wasn't extremely long, either. A very pretty lady(assuming is the owner or some sort) came to our table and asked if we enjoyed our meal and gave us a free banana pudding! So nice! It's less than 5 mins away from my house so I will most definitely be back again! Especially to try their weekly specials!
4	Sooooo good!! Meat tender, sauce is great, greens is great (and I only eat my momma greens). The fruit punch is so good toon AWSOME place, I will be coming back!!!
3	It's good, but not great. I was expecting more of a barbecue flavor right out of the grill, but it was more like oven cooked rib with a lot of barbecue sauce. The flavor is savoring and mouth watering. But it's not for me, because I'm expecting more of a smoked flavor It's a personal preference I guess. I gave it a three stars, because I feel it was over priced, even with the yelp coupon I still payed $17.00 plus the $10.00 I paid yelp. Its still worth trying if you have not tried it for yourself. Like I said its a personal preference. I might or might not come back it depends on my cravings.
4	Food was really good. They accepted the YELP discount without question. I will definately go back.
5	On this visit we were served by Gabi (sp) who provided an over the top customer service experience. Her knowledge of the menu items, enthusiasm, and passion about the food made me want to return time and time again before even having ordered. Her personality and level of service was spectacular,and greatly appreciated. I enjoy the opportunity to support local small businesses so this will become my go to BBQ spot. I had the opportunity to meet TC as we were leaving and can say that I appreciated the business even more after talking with him. We had rib tips, brisket, mac n cheese, and the best parts... corn bread and the banana pudding! Thank you for a great meal.
4	Great to dine in with the family, or get take out when the kids can't handle a sit down meal! ;) I love the friendly, cozy atmosphere and the staff is so genuinely nice! We've been here several times and are never disappointed!
4	Great mac and cheese to go with my fried chicken. I usually burn my fingers trying to eat the chicken because I don't wanna wait. It's that good to me. It's worth it!
1	Its amazing how fast a place can go from 5 stars to 1 by providing poor customer service. I went in the very next day for a business lunch and was treated very poorly by the staff and took 45 minutes for two meals while we were one of only three tables. I asked to speak to the manager  (the owners wife) and she was too busy to chat it up with paying customers. I interrupted her "meeting" to ask her to pass my contact info to TC so I could discuss the poor service with him. It was very obvious to me that the employees were not happy when TC was gone. A completely different restaurant on this visit. I would not suggest visiting this establishment until they decide that consistent quality and service are vital. I waited a couple weeks for the phone call that never came!
4	Delicious baby back ribs. Beef brisket was ok. Pulled pork mmm. Half chicken good too. Everything was delicious. Mac and cheese is actually homemade not some boxed crap, must try. Definitely plan on returning. Ordered to go so next time probably eat there.
5	Best BBQ around!!! They were out of brisket when we went but the spare ribs were a perfect substitute! Make sure to have the bread pudding it's to die for!! Sweet tea is a must also.
3	I usually get the pulled pork sammie. Lunch specials under 5 bucks and on Tuesdays buy one guy one free.  Best bang for your buck. Banana bread pudding is good.
1	The brisket was shredded and literally was swimming in BBQ sauce, which I actually enjoyed, but I didn't like the fact that my brisket was unidentifiable and shredded (When is a true brisket ever shredded and drowning is BBQ sauce?)!  I didn't like the fact that it was swimming in sauce, but the coffee-like after tones in the sauce kept me hungry for more bites.  The Okra was freshly fried to perfection; I really like those.  The collards were overcooked (you should only cook collards for less than 20 minutes or you're boiling all the nutrients out!) and had virtually no flavor; not even chunks of traditional hock or brisket were in the greens.  The cornbread was mediocre at best, mac n' cheese was a little above mediocre.In my opinion, there can be only one reason to shred your brisket and smother it in sauce; because it's dry!!!
2	Ate there today. Had beef hot links, baby back ribs, mac n cheese, collard greens and cornbread. I was highly disappointed. The links were over cooked to the point that they were mushy. The ribs were also over cooked. Mac n cheese wasn't very flavorful. Greens and cornbread  were the only two things I enjoyed.
2	Went back the next day it wasn't worth the wait..Rib tips were just fat..couldn't chew it away..most of it ended up in my napkin.  It was seasoned pretty well and sides were decent
5	We used a yelp deal $10 for $20. Its really a steal of a deal. The people who work here are all quite friendly. The Food is great. I mean, it really is delicious. Im a person that has high expectations and TC's meets it. This was our second visit and we enjoyed it. Its kept clean and there is ample space. I had the pulled chicken sandwich. First time having that and i enjoyed in thoroughly. Sweet tea, oh YUMMY!
5	Experience:  I came with a group of folks to try this place out. There were about 10 of us.  Service:  the waitress was pretty friendly, but the star was the one of the owners.  I don't remember her name (I'm ashamed of that), but she was a true sweet person that you could tell loved what she does. She made me want to pull up a chair and drink a beer with her. Food: I'm not sure why so many people said negative things about their food. Maybe I caught them on a good day, maybe they caught them on a bad day, but I really enjoyed the food. I ordered the two meat plate with pulled pork and sausage links. My two sides were mac and cheese and potato salad. I liked everything on my plate.  I even tried some ribs off my friends plate and enjoyed those too!!!  Facility: this place is on the smaller side, but we were able to fit our group in good. Overall review:  Since I haven't tried too many BBQ places, I have to claim this as my favorite BBQ in Vegas.  Even if I find another place, this will still be one of my fav spots!
2	Great deals. Food didn't taste fresh. Kids eat free on Monday. Cheap lunch specials. Didnt like the fact we had to use plastic utensils. Customer service could have been better. Overall its just didnt taste like fresh off the grill BBQ..it wasnt even no  smoke in air or a smell of authentic BBQ.
5	My guilty pleasure. I call up this joint when I'm in some dire need of comfort food and it always hits the spot. I believe the mixed reviews have alot to do with the inconsistency in freshness that I've sometimes experienced here myself. I think the time of day and week you happen to order or dine in has alot to do with it here, as it can be hit or miss in that department. I have ordered when the food was hot off the grill and the meat was melting off the bones. I've also ordered when the ribs were not just made and the sides definitely appeared to be reheated. There is a huge difference but chalked it up to coming during a rather vacant time of day. This is a small family business and I think if you are smart about when you order or arrive during a fairly busy time, you will get your food alot fresher. I order around dinner time closer to weekends when there's a line out the door and I'm never disappointed. I recommend the spare ribs, mac n cheese and potato salad is good. I wasn't too impressed with the cakes I've tried but I'll try the pudding next.
3	Not as good anymore like they use to be kind of sad this was my favorite place and ever since they got a little busy seems like there Hollywood now... Upped there prices foods plain no soul in it ...there a rip off and there lunch specials suck.... The servers are nice and there dessert is really good.
4	I haven't been in 2 years but when I went, the food was unforgettable! I had macaroni & cheese, ribs, fish and more! I went with my family after the MLK parade and I was not disappointed. All of us at the table could not stop saying yum the whole time. The only down side is that it is faaaaaaaaaaaaar!
5	Being a North Carolina Boy and the Son-in-law of a man who competes in Barbecue contests......the food was excellent! Both the Baby back and spare ribs were cooked just right. Tender and Juicy! Their home made BBQ sauce is outstanding! (They sell it by the bottle) I read some of the reviews and recognize that everyone has an opinion and thus people have very different expectations of what "Real BBQ" is & isn't and no opinion is right or wrong. It's is just their opinion. So what is this place! This is Juicy, Tender BBQ with a homemade Sauce to die for. This is NORTH CAROLINA GOOD! This is not "Dry Rub", "No Sauce", Vinegar based BBQ. IF YOU COME TO THIS RESTAURANT AND THATS "YOUR" definition of what real BBQ is...then this will never be that and thus never meet your expectations. We had chicken ribs, sausage, okra, beans, Mac N Cheese, fried pickles, sweet potato fries, muddy water (Sweet Tea & Lemonade) vs. An Arnold Palmer (Unsweetened Tea and Lemonade). And it was amazing! So, If you like saucy sweet BBQ, tender ribs and all the trappings......This is your new spot in Vegas!
1	I ordered their catering.  I ordered two FAMILY MEALS.  The Meat portions were decent but the sides were a JOKE:  the said it came with a "pile of fries" - there were 10 french fries in one box and 10 sweet potato fries in the other....  The salads were a SINGLE serving of salad.  They sent 4 pieces of bread to go with a mound of pulled pork - it was so tiny it was almost hysterical.  THE FINAL STRAW:  When ordering I said I wanted one order of pulled pork and one order of pulled chicken because we had a JEWISH people attending.... They put the chicken in with pork, combined.  When I called to complain about the mixing of the pork/chicken and stated I thought it was common knowledge that you don't mix pork into food being served to those of Jewish faith the lady on the other line stated "well you can't always presume".  I didn't mention Judaism for fun TC's - I mentioned it because I didn't want pork mixed with chicken!!!!  I asked for the owner to call me back and got nothing.  GO TO LUCILLE'S instead!!!
1	There's nothing in the world that I love more than bbq traditional bbq. This place doesn't smell like smoke it doesn't have a BBQ smoker its baked and boiled, that's not barbecue that's not even grilled. The best thing I had was the banana pudding come to find out they don't even make it its out sourced. I took a couple bites and was done sick to my stomach.
5	Awesome food and service. Had the beef ribs and they were great. Highly recommend this place if your in the mood for great barbecue and over the top service.
