5	First experience at Gaby et Jules this morning, it was ah-ma-zzzzing!   We love Bouchon Bakery on the West Coast and this place was every bit as good.   Delicious and WIDE assortment of macaroons; dense and flavorful just the way we like em!  The chocolate croissant and "Pittsburgh Paris" also comes highly recommended.  The shop is very stylish and the wait staff were friendly.  Can't wait until they have their "hard" open and hopefully have some coffee and espresso items on the menu.
5	Excellent bakery and the macaroons were amazing, very flavorful and not too sweet!! Cant wait for them to offically open so we can visit ofter!!!!!
5	Wow!  This place is amazing!  I can't say enough good things about it.  The desserts we bought were phenomenal and we will definitely be back!  The staff are professional, helpful and welcoming and you can see the pastry chefs working in the kitchen through the glass window to the back of the shop.  Go early in the day for the best selection - if you go too late in the day you will find yourself out of luck.  Gaby et Jules is a major asset to the Forbes Avenue community.
5	So happy that this place came to Squirrel Hill. We already had places to get good bread, but desserts? This place is a winner! Everything I've tried so far has been fabulous. While the macarons are pricey, as a baker, I can attest to the TLC that goes into crafting them, so I am very willing to pay the price for these delectable little treats.
5	Everything about this place is amazing!  The staff is polite, efficient, and helpful, the decoration is gourmet, the kitchen staff is visible, and the patisseries and macarons are the best we've ever had.  They also do a croissant (sold out when we went) and a simple baguette which was also the best baguette ever!  It is such a welcome addition to the neighborhood.  It compliments other businesses on the street.  This Saturday, we stopped first for a baguette and macarons, my wife got Tea from Margret's Tea, Pikolino shoes from Littles, John Varvatos shirt from Charles Spiegel, a Mayoral outift and Djeco puzzle from Kidz and Company, and some new Wusthof knives from Contemporary Concepts.  Gaby et Jules completed our faux vacation to Squirrel Hill, which felt like a trip to Europe!  Make sure to try the Basil Chocolate Macaron, sounds odd, but tastes AMAZING!
4	Authentic Parisian patisserie? Can't say for sure. But Gaby et Jules certainly wouldn't be out of place if it were transported to Manhattan. Overall, I feel mixed about this shop. On the plus side, the food tastes pretty good and looks beautiful. On the down side, the shop is rather pretentious, and, arguably, overpriced.I braved the line on its soft opening this past Friday and got: one croissant, one dessert, and four macarons. The croissant was very nice -- flaky, buttery, not doughy at all. It is, however, Americanized  in its size: probably twice as large as the breakfast croissants in France. Gaby et Jules offers an amazing array of jewel-like macarons. Although I have not been fanatic about this confection, G&J's alluring display still got me to try some. And they are very very good. Not too sweet, and the favors generally shine through -- if it's a coffee flavored one, expect strong espresso; if it's raspberry flavored, expect intense summer berry.While the pastries at G&J may be easy on the eyes, they are not so easy on the wallet. A croissant is $3, the dessert is about $7, and each tiny macaron is $2. One can get similarly tasty treats at Jean Marc Chatellier's for half the price (G&J's macarons are probably a little more sophisticated, but JMC's food has an authentic rustic charm). To me, the main differences are: JMC's Millevale storefront is a great deal humbler; the shop is much harder to get to; their servers, while friendly, are not cute girls who speak with a charming French accent, and your pastries won't be as prettily packaged.
4	I've sampled their wares several times in the last week or two due to the generosity of coworkers bringing croissants in to work, but today was my first experience in the actual shop. It's beautiful inside -- shiny and clean, and the staff seem friendly. There's even a full wall window where you can watch the food being made.The croissants seem roughly on par with those from French bakeries in town, and the macaroon I had was delicious albeit a little strange since it was basil and white chocolate flavored.Their almond croissant is tougher and less sweet than the like from, La Gourmandine, but still good.Overall, I'm not sure it's quite as good as La Gourmandine or Jean-Marc Chatellier's, but it's definitely in a more convenient location for me, and to be fair, it's trying to fill a slightly different niche than the other ones. It's also brand-new, so they may have some kinks to iron out. It's a great addition to Squirrel Hill -- check it out today!
3	Arrived on a Wednesday evening at 6pm. Only 5 varieties of macaroons remained. I loved the Earl Grey and passion fruit with chocolate macaroons. My friend remarked that the mint macaroon was like biting into a mint leaf--so delicious. Another friend had Le Tonga, which he loved.The store is beautiful and clean. The desserts are beautiful. Gaby and Jules are very friendly.This place, however, gets a 3 in my book because it is expensive. Individual macaroons are $2.25 each, a half dozen can be had for $13 .I'm glad we have a new stop on the pastry lover's circuit in Pittsburgh and I will be back to devour the rest of your desserts!
5	I have only tried their macarons. They are really excellent, and flavors range from traditional (chocolate or strawberry) to more original (basil). 10 macarons make for an awesome gift to a friend or when you are inited to a party. They are not cheap, as other reviewers have noted. But, really, they are not more expensive than the industrial pastries one would find at any Starb** or than cupcakes. I still have to try their croissant. Update sooner than later (if i manage to walk there a morning)!
5	Awesome awesome Awesome
3	I would give this place 3 stars for the pastry.And 3 stars for the surly service.We were greeted with "Bonjour!" as soon as we walked in.  But, my indecision made a couple of the staff very nervous for some reason.  As I tried to make up my mind, one of the staff barked at my kids, "Don't touch the signs."We finally ended up with a variety of 8 macarons and a pain au chocolat.  Total pricetag: $20.70.Yikes, that added up in a hurry.The macarons were good.  Not easy to find in Pittsburgh so I guess this is going to be my default place even though the service isn't great and it just seems pricey for Pittsburgh.My pain au chocolat - what it lacked in chocolate in made up for in butter in the croissant.  Just meh.
5	Walking into Gaby et Jules I was immediately captivated by the pastries. They looked absolutely beautiful. All of the different shapes, colors and textures. Not only was there a variety, but each one looks absolutely perfect. I had to stop wondering how it was possible to make these and start figuring out which one I wanted to eat, otherwise I might have stood there all day. I was a little intimidated by the descriptions. I wish I had brushed up on my French and maybe brought along a dictionary of pastry terms. After reading all of the cards, I realized, how can I go wrong as long as it looks like chocolate and doesn't have something I don't like as an ingredient. I finally chose 2. One was a long rectangle covered in glistening chocolate. Inside was a delicate cake surrounded by mousse with just a hint of a crunch.The second was cylinder of chocolate mousse with a Carmel filling. They were Bo the kind of food you ate with very small bites, savoring each morsel and trying to identify all of the shuttle favors and textures.
5	The authenticity of having a French server at a French bakery is great. Excellent service and decor. Watching macarons being made in the kitchen was fun. By the way, apparently the French pronunciation of macaron ends on the o. The croissants are also fantastic! If you're going to complain about the price, go elsewhere!
4	Went here during the soft opening.  There was a bit of a line, but it moved quickly and everyone seemed genuinely happy to be there.We tried a few of the macarons. I was a fan, but my husband didn't like them as much.  I felt that the rose flavored macaron was overpowering, but the others such as earl grey and strawberry, were much more balanced.We also tried on of the pretty cakes (small one). I don't remember what the name was, but it was banana and chocolate.  My husband loved this.  I found the texture too soft, but the flavors were delicious.The last thing we tried was a pain au chocolat.  I liked it and thought the chocolat was very high quality, but I thought it was not as crunchy and flakey as I would have liked.  I can't wait to go back and try some more things
3	This a great place for a special date or to take someone from out of town. It's right across the street from Coffee Tree Roasters, which has fantastic coffee. The pastries are really good----the macarons are TO DIE FOR and they put your baked goods in cute fancy boxes. The service was great, and the place is pretty sophisticated. I'd give it 4 stars---maybe even five, but for $2.25 a pop for a tiny cookie I'll leave it at 3.
4	Yum!  Very good macarons in a cute shop in a great little neighborhood.  My brother-in-law and his family live in Squirrel Hill and said that we needed to visit this shop when we were in town, so we picked up a dozen macarons and a small orange tart for dessert one night.  The macarons were tasty--maybe not the best I've ever had, but certainly very good.  Of the ones we tried, chocolate and coffee were probably my favorites.  Peach-lavender and raspberry were also good, and I don't usually like lavender-flavored things.  Since we were there late in the day, they were out of pistachio, which is one flavor I usually judge a new macaron place by.  Wuh wuh.The orange tart was basically dreamsicle-flavored.  Yum.  The crust was nice and light, as was the filling.  I was so bummed that I accidentally dropped the tart upside down, as they didn't offer me a bag to carry our 2 boxes.  Not sure what's up with that, but word to the wise...ask for a bag.  The macarons and tart cost just over $30 altogether, so you want your desserts to be intact when you get home!  Service was friendly, and when I made a very sad face upon being told that they were out of chocolate macarons, someone appeared from the back with more!  :)  How nice.  Got to try their baguette and pain au chocolat the next day.  Very good.  Of course, not as good as in Paris, but hey--we aren't in Paris, are we!  Overall, I'd recommend Gaby et Jules for getting your French pastry fix on.
5	Beautiful store, impeccably clean and service is warm and accommodating (over the phone and also in person). Gaby Et Jules' macarons are delicious and perfectly shaped; shows true talent by the chef I think. I tried:coffeeearl grey lemonlavendarrosepistacioFillings are very delicious, and they're pretty sweet so while they're expensive, as dessert you probably would only have 2 max at a time (I think at least). Would be great with an indulgent tea with the girls. Best eaten same day I think, but you can refrigerate as they say and let it come back to room temp before you eat. It's not quite as snappy/crispy the next day, but it's not a big deal.
3	You don't need to be pretentious.  The quality of the  food sells itself.I would give the quality of the pastries here a solid 4.  I got one of each of the four on display. and a baguette.  Total was $30 which is fine for the quality of the selected items.    I didn't understand that gimmick where the staff spoke French at all.Overall the pastries are very good. The baguette was also good.  Maybe I am a little to rough and tumble for this place.
5	What a fantastic little treat shop! Unique to Pittsburgh, this patisserie serves beautifully crafted and delicately flavored French yum-yums. The storefront and interior are well kept and feature an welcoming, attractive modern design. I was provided with excellent macaron recommendations and the chocolate pastries were delicious. They had decent croissants and baked goods as well, but the focus here is clearly on the sweets.Service was very helpful and friendly, which is what takes this from a four to a five star review.
4	so my husband and I stopped by after a meal down the street. I had seen it preparing to open and wanted to try it out. I love pastries and was so excited to have a  Patisseries nearby. So, we picked up the tart au citron and a tart framboise as well as two macaroons. Overall they were good - albeit a little pricier than I would have expected - $15. The flavors were good but not "oh my god this is amazing!". I'd go back but go out of my way to head back. Honestly, I prefer La Gourmandine in Lawrenceville much more - their lemon tart makes me swoon.
5	Macaroons are delicious. They are light and full of flavor.  I ordered the sea salt Carmel, white chocolate basil, and pistachio. White Chocolate basil-  the basil was nicely balanced with the white chocolate.  It was an unexpected pairing but delicious. Sea Salt Carmel was sweet with a hint of saltPistachio is my go to macaroon, and i was not disappointed.  I also ordered a palmier and a croissant.  Both of which I'd go back for. The bakery is really beautiful inside and the open kitchen is a nice touch. The staff was helpful and friendly.  I thought the prices were as expected.  You get what you pay for and this place was well worth the price.
2	Sadface. I got to stop in here for a breakfast treat before work one morning. The space is just beautiful. I ordered an almond croissant, which at a whopping $5.50 (!!!) I was expecting to taste like nothing short of heaven. Well sadly the filling was very grainy and not good. My standard for comparison is La Gourmandine and their almond croissants are amazing and not nearly as expensive. I will return and try their other offerings, but with the prices so high, they have a lot to prove!
2	I am surprised by all of the positive reviews for this French bakery.I tried several flavors of the macarons including sea salt caramel, vanilla and earl gray - all of which were underwhelming. Good texture but the taste was lacking. I was most disappointed w/ the sea salt caramel (my favorite macaron flavor ever!) because the filling tasted like cheap cake frosting. $2.25 for a tiny macaron is pretty steep, especially since I pay $1.75 in San Francisco, $2.75 in NYC (at Lauderee) and $1.25 in Columbus for a better macaron. I don't mind paying premium prices for desserts (given my huge sweet tooth) but the macarons at Gaby et Jules are just not worth it.Also, I cannot believe the almond croissants here are $5.50! The ones over at La Gourmadine are $3.75 (?) and amazing.I had such high hopes for this bakery especially since it is within walking distance from my apartment, but I don't think I will be back.
3	Ascetically, it's very pleasing. The nice clean lines found outside are repeated inside this French bakery. I love the red and silver exterior, it gives a modern look to the main drag of Forbes Ave in Squirrel Hill. All the white glove wearing 'Gaby Girls and Guys' were very friendly, greeting us with a pleasant 'Bonjour!' and smiling brightly while ringing up our $80 (!$!$!) worth of macarons and a pastry. The macarons are brightly colored yet subtly flavored. Some flavors are better than others. The sea salt caramel was a little disappointing, but the white chocolate basil, almond, and rose were perfect.And yes, they do tip the scales at $2.25 for 1 with no discounts when you buy more. You pay for high quality, which is expected.It was good to try once, and perhaps on a very special occasion, but Gaby et Jules is a little too pricey for me to become a regular.
5	Gaby et Jules,  Je taime!  How can I describe the majesty of a perfectly made macaron...  I don't know, but I will try.  First off, I am not a sweets person.  I would rather have an extra piece of meat or bread at the end of a meal, instead of dessert.  That being said, I had the honor and privilege of tasting one of Gaby et Jules macarons at a food event and they were FABULOUS!  After that tasting, my daughter, (Nicknamed Muff) begged me to take her to the actual patisserie in Squirrel Hill.  Indulgent mother that I am, we set our sights on the jewelry cases containing some of the finest macarons to be had in the country!  Yes, I said country!  I've had macarons at places said to be "famous" for their macarons and the macarons at Gaby et Jules outshone them by a long shot.  For someone who isn't into sweets to actually say that they dream of salty carmel or lovely raspberry macarons, is to say a lot!  To eat a whisp of flavored air and have it envelope your tongue in ethereal loveliness... Ah, what glory they are!  I can't wait to go back for more...
5	I've been meaning to get in here for awhile and I was not disappointed! The shop is lovely with a window into the kitchen so you can see the chefs at work, and the displays of pastries and macaroons are really inviting!I got a plain croissant and a little chocolate mousse cake. The croissant was nothing special-- good enough, but not any better than anywhere else. The cake however was delicious! Perfectly creamy and not overly sweet. It was just the right size to split between two or even three people if you come with friends. I'll definitely be back in the future and I look forward to trying out more of their selection. The staff were also friendly and though there were several people in the store, I only had to wait a minute before being helped.
3	Very consistent classical preparation, and the resulting goods are universally delicious.  On par with La Gourmandine.  However, the prices are a little absurd.  Not just for Pittsburgh, but for Manhattan or Paris.  Perhaps I am paying for the ambience - the clerks all seem to be Francophones - but it really makes me feel a little gullible.Stop in for a treat when you want something special.  Think twice before swinging by to get something for a gathering, or even for a family dessert.
5	Their lemon macarons are incredible. The tartlets are divine. Arrays of delectables, all colorful shine. I will continue to pine. A sweetness so fine.
5	I had a pistachio macaron yesterday, and it was so delicious. I love experimenting with baking, but when it comes to macarons, I lose patience. Now I can run up to Forbes and grab delicious, fresh macarons whenever I want!Because they are in the meat of their grand opening and are now taking orders for the holidays, make sure to stop by to sample some delicious treats. Make sure to get your order in quickly as they have a five day waiting period for some of their fancier concoctions. I am so glad Pittsburgh has a true French patisserie. The bright candy apple red exterior is both fun and inviting. I couldn't resist adding a chocolate croissant before checking out, and I wasn't disappointed! Make sure to stop in and talk to the staff. They are extremely helpful, and can point you in the right direction, no matter what flavor profile you enjoy. They have equally delicious options for chocolate lovers and fruity types.
4	The macarons were delicious; the texture was great, and the flavors were subtle and pure. I had a lemon and a a raspberry. The only reason it doesn't get five stars is the price. I don't know what the deal is, but they're a little small for the price.
5	i can now update my review. The croissants are fine, butt they are pricey, and I am not sure I will often bother going there to buy croissants for my breakfast. The highlights are the pastries - I tried 5/6 of them and they were all delicious. They know how to do their mousses (lemon, pistachio - the latter was amazing), and their "frians" (the crispy bottom of some pastries - e.g. chocolate) are terrific. Very nice gift for a party
3	The pastries are beautiful and delicious, but to pay $9 for four macaroons? I just don't think the pricing is realistic for most people. I will probably be back but won't be getting more than two macaroons at a time. If they adjust their prices, I will give them 5 stars.
2	Out of 5:2.5 - Croissants: fluffy, though a bit dry1.0 - Brioche: dry1.5 - Almond Croissant: filling has an odd flavor, but was fluffier than other places.
4	Gaby Et Jules is exactly what one should expect of a good French bakery!  The atmosphere is spot on.  Clean, small, lovely, and you can see the full kitchen and chefs baking away behind glass.  It's just wonderful. Onto the desserts...DIVINE!  I purchased an assortment of delicacies for my holiday party, from macarons to tiny tarts and pufed pastries.  Everything was delish and decorated beautifully.  My only critique is the price.  Yes, the items are specialty, but $3+ per macaron (unless you buy in bulk, b/c the price does go down) is a bit steep. $7 avg. per pastry?  I mean, this is still Pittsburgh.  These prices rival NYC.  Macarons are such a fad dessert right now that people forget that they aren't incredibly difficult to make, and the ingredients are pretty inexpensive.  That being said, they were very good... just overpriced in my opinion.Overall, c'est magnifique! (I couldn't resist.)
3	I stopped by here this past Saturday afternoon with my fiance for a light snack.  This was actually the second time that we had been here although the first time was close to closing time right after they had opened so there was not much to see or buy.  This time around though, man were the display cases decorated with some beautiful food.  Everything about this place feels warm and inviting including the workers who seem to want to help you.  On my recent visit here I ended up ordering an Almond Croissant without really looking at the price.  So you can imagine my surprise whenever it cost me $5.50!  Granted I am more than happy to pay for really good food whenever it necessary and while this was good food, it wasn't great food.  The croissant did have a nice flaky texture to it and a good buttery taste with the outside  covered in sliced almonds. However,I would have been much happier going to another Pittsburgh's French bakeries and getting a superior almond croissant for half the price.  The previous time that I was here my fiance and I got 3 macaroons to split.  While I do not remember the flavors, I do remember enjoying them even if they did cost us a little bit each (I think around $2).  So why the 3 star review for food I clearly enjoyed you ask?  Well it certainly isn't for the interior of the shop which was awesome, nor is it for the customer service which I have found to be great on both occasions.  It is strictly based upon the prices and the fact that I can get what I think is a superior item for much cheaper at a couple of places that are not that far away.The bottom line for me is that I might be back in the future but only if I am in the Squirrel Hill area and really craving something from a French bakery.
3	More expensive and not as good as La Gourmandine. Beautiful store and pleasant staff.
5	I'm starting this review with a rebuke to the other reviewers. People do not let the price bring your review down a star! What they charge is what they charge and you are welcome to pay it or not but don't complain about it!Now to the food! The macarons are diiiivine! I love all the flavors even the unusual ones like earl grey and white chocolate basil. It is impossible to eat just one! They flake and melt in your mouth and the flavors are subtle bursts on your tongue! My favorites are the pistachio, earl grey, raspberry, and rose. I also love that for the holidays they came out with holiday flavors. I've been here a couple times and keep getting distracted by the macarons so I've only ventured to try a chocolate croissant which was pretty good but not amazing. The service is always amazing the people behind the counter are always helpful friendly and smiley. The location is great but parking is annoying because it's Forbes Squirrel Hill. I love the window in the store so that you can see the chefs baking if you catch them at the right moment. The store front is very clean and chic and is definitely a presence and welcome addition to the neighborhood. I am so glad the chef behind the desserts of Paris 66 opened this shop!
5	The macarons are every bit as good as Laduree. The desserts (I've had the Chocolat Royal and L'Opera and a couple others) are all completely delicious and works of art in their own right. Yes, $6 for a small dessert seems pricey, but each of these would be a $10-12 dessert in a restaurant and probably of lesser quality. The almond croissants are the best I've had in Pittsburgh and the pain au chocolat are fantastic too. Have not tried their baguettes but intend to soon.
4	Yes, the desserts are incredible and the quality is spot on. The selection is a bit limited, from what i see. The downside is the prices are right up there with a bakery in New York or San Francisco. This is Pittsburgh....i am not sure a place like this will last here. Good luck
4	The macaroons are certainly pricey, yet I found them well worth the price. Jules offers about three dozens variations of macaroons as well as several other pastries and French baguettes. I've only had the macaroons which I found to be delicious wonderful. The flavors are quite intricate. The sugar is not overwhelming, so you are able to taste the subtitles in the difference of flavors; however, some flavors are quite delicate. I would recommend thoroughly cleansing your palate before trying a different flavor. I tried orangette, rose, pistachio, almond, passion fruit-chocolate, a honey nut blend, and violet. My favorites were orangette and pistachio, but I would recommend all of the flavors I tried! I intend to upgrade Gaby et Jules to four and a half stars if I am ever permitted to do so.
5	So good, it should be illegal!  The macaroons are DELICIOUS!!  I recently came here for the 1st time to buy some treats for my Valentine and I was super impressed!!  All of the macaroons had such intense and delicious flavors!!  We loved them so much that I returned a few days later to get more!  Can't wait to go back again!  I also love how cute the store is and that they speak French!  This place is a "must-try" for sure!  Love!
5	The macaroons are amazing! The inside of the patisserie is very beautiful and clean. I really love how they showcase all the desserts. Everyone who was working there was super friendly. Can't wait to go back!
2	Prices are steep! Macaroons are NYC prices except in NYC they are twice the size. These are samplers size. Overall they taste okay not special by any means. One of those places where you might want to try cause it is there. But probably won't miss it if you don't go back.
2	Wow.  What a letdown.Maybe I let hype get to me again, but overall, Gaby Et Jules just didn't satisfy my expectations of what a good macaroon should be.  From an atmosphere perspective... although the owner and staff were extremely happy to serve us... the whole white glove affair just seemed a little stuffy.I decided to splurge and get a few different types of macaroons and a pastry.  Ignoring the sticker shock I endured (almost $3 per macaroon... really?), I was incredibly underwhelmed by quality, complexity and ingenuity of the options.Do yourself a favor and grab some macaroons from a non-traditional spot (such as Marty's Market, or if you have the privvy...  simplified versions at the Duquesne Club) as these babies just aren't up to par.
4	I walked in and almost walked right back out after seeing the prices . Each macaron was $2.50 and the other small pastries and cakes were $5-$7. I'm all for paying for quality but these prices were pretty intimidating for a poor college student. I ended up purchasing two macarons, salted caramel (the most popular I was told) and a passionfruit chocolate. The salted caramel delicious but the passionfruit chocolate was just okay. They are of decent size and the amount of filling is just perfect.So if you can afford it, go for it.
3	The place is different, fancy desserts a bit pricey, though.  I got some macroons they were good but I've had better at Jean's in millvale.
5	Truly artisan sweets! The chocolate eggs they make for Easter are so beautiful I can't imagine anyone ever eating one! They have a great assortment of macarons. I sampled the almond, coffee, raspberry, salted caramel, lavender, white chocolate basil, and poppy. I didn't really care for the white chocolate basil...the basil reminded me too much of Italian seasoning. The almond was delicious. The cookie shell was speckled with yummy almond pieces. My absolute favorite was the poppy, which is the April flavor of the month. It had a strong berry taste and I wish I had purchased more than one. The only downside here is the price, which is expected for macarons. $15 for 7 cookies makes them more of an occasional splurge than a regular treat, but maybe that's the way it should be!
2	Their pastries are beautiful, their presentation is phenomenal, their staff is enthusiastic, fun and ready to help.But beneath this fancy exterior, lie some seriously mediocre items for exorbitant prices. While the macaron flavors seem ingenious and well-curated, they fall very short in execution, especially when one considers the price point. Some flavors were seriously heavy-handed (rose especially), some were blah (couldn't figure out what one flavor was once I got home), and only one was just right (poppy flower!). The passion fruit/chocolate combo was intriguing. In my $15!!! box of 7 macarons, the sizes of the meringue were inconsistent, and the amounts of filling varied wildly. Texture-wise, the meringues were flat and chewy, lacking the characteristic lightness that makes macarons so incredible. The eclairs were just okay.Their prices were almost double those of Jean Marc's in Millvale, and I found the uptick in price to be inversely proportional to quality. I will continue to go to Jean Marc's for macarons. Though his flavors aren't so flashy and his store isn't so sleek and modern, the proof is in the proverbial pudding. When I do return to Gaby et Jules, I will absolutely not purchase their overpriced subpar macarons. Instead, I will give their specialty pastries a shot. Hopefully, they will match up to their flashy and gorgeous presentation.As it is a new business, I hope to see them improve their quality standards, implement more realistic pricing, and to begin create items that taste as good as they look.
3	Gaby Et Jules is a pretty good bakery. It's very striking and modern looking compared to the rest of Squirrel Hill. The selection inside is small and the prices are high. I bought a box of macarons and I enjoyed most of them. The lavender was my favorite, the salted caramel was okay and the white chocolate basil was the worst of the seven. The girl working the counter was very helpful and gave me some pretty good suggestions. Not bad but not my favorite.
3	Gaby et Jules was definitely a treat. As others have stated the macaroons are delicious and very creative. They are worth 4 stars on their own. I enjoyed them all. The Easter chocolates were beautiful to  look at, but not as good as their macaroons. Also, as others have stated, the price seems a bit much at $2.50 each. Perhaps worth it for a special occasion, but definitely not a frequent indulgence.
4	I really don't know why there is so much hate here. Sure this is Pittsburgh, but any decent macaron anywhere else will be at least $3. The disadvantage, I guess, is that maybe there are many college/grad students checking this place out? Even so, you shouldn't be popping these macarons like pills anyway.The macarons were pretty, like they're supposed to be, but I did think that they lacked in taste. The flavors were there, but not as strong as I wanted them to be.I fell in love with their chocolate cake, Le Royal Chocolat. Get it!
5	The macaroons are surreal. These are unlike anything I have ever tasted! Gabby Et Jules is a must see. We bring every out of town visitor here because it is so unusual and fantastic! It's very dangerous living so close due to how fantastic it is!
3	They apparently listen to the "people" cause when I went yesterday, the macarons are $2.25 a piece, 7 for $15.  I would agree though that they are not as tasty as they are beautiful.  They are perfectly crisp on the outside, chewy on the inside.  Some flavors were very strong (which I mean in a good way - lemon for instance), some were pretty weak and I couldn't really tell what I was eating (raspberry which was a big shock.  J said the vanilla was too sweet as well.  I would likely return to taste the pastries which were beautiful to behold.  I just hope that they pack a bit more taste then the other beautifully done macarons.
1	The macarons are pricey, too sweet and not crispy enough on the outside.I would rather travel to la gourmadine on butler to get my macaron fix. The la gourmadine ones taste awsome and way cheaper.
4	Finally a macaron!  I've been seeking one out since I moved to PA a year ago, and they're just not that easy to come by.  I was visiting a friend in Pittsburgh this past week, and we happened upon this place, which she raved about.  She generously purchased the 7 for $15 for me, and the family and I tried so many flavors!  The violet was extremely strong, and I don't know if I could handle that again.  However, the chocolate, the salted caramel and the mango were all delightful!  The white chocolate basil was a little peculiar for my tastebuds as well, but I'm pleased with the texture and presentation of the macarons.  My bud has tried the many other pastry options as well, and they all looked exquisite.  I would definitely stop in again if I'm in the city!
4	Nice little shop in Squirrel Hill. The macarons here are really good quality. Nice texture and good amount of flavor. They had a decent selection of flavors as well. I had the pistachio, almond, earl grey, strawberry, mango, and poppy. The flavors were were really pronounced, unlike a lot of other macarons I've had elsewhere where they don't really taste like anything. My favorites were the pistachio and almond. My least favorite were the earl grey (flavor was accurate, just not big on tea) and poppy (tasted like the jelly out of a jelly donut... ick). One thing though is that these are really pricy. Probably the most expensive macarons I've had yet, but they were worth it for the most part.Also, the amount of reviews calling these things macaroons makes my head hurt. There is a difference between macaroons and macarons, people.
5	I buy from here semi-regularly, and have never been disappointed.  Their macaron sleeves make a great gift and are a real crowd pleaser, they are perfect for buying ahead of time if you are cooking for a group and can't be bothered with dessert.  My favorites have probably been their great selection of pastries, though, which I buy from time to time as a breakfast treat.  Some of my favorites have been Le Fragrant, which had like a violent almond meringue with a sherbet-like inside, and Le Tonga, which was pretty much like the best banana pudding.
4	This is a such a nice little bakery in Squirrel Hill. When I want to treat myself this is the first place I go. The macaroons are delightfully scrumptious. So many choices. Taking a dozen or so to a party always makes me a hit.
4	Coming from Vegas, I am a confection snob, and French Macarons are in my top 5 favorite things that exist on the planet earth. At Gaby Et Jules, I have tried 14 flavors so far, including earl grey, raspberry, almond, etc...I find the price of these little treats average. While pricy when compared to similar treats, they are on-par for the pricing of a good macaron.The flavor profiles are interesting, and most of the time quite good. If there was to be a complaint, it would be that sometimes (in certain macarons) the flavor is quite muted. This is a personal issue, and does not mean that they are not good by any means. As for texture & proportion: The outside "biscuit" section of the macarons have the proper texture... slightly crunchy shell... and the inside cream filling was found to be a good proportion. The filling is also smooth, light, and silky in texture. As expected, a proper macaron should somewhat melt in your mouth. The ambiance of the shop reminds me somewhat of previous french bakeries that I have been in, but perhaps just a bit more "pretentious" - perhaps from pride of their product. This didn't bother me at all. I rather expect it.
3	I'm not a huge fan of macaroons, but since my wife is gluten-free we sometimes stop here for a little different option for dessert than the ice cream/froyo places in Squirrel Hill.The star of this place are the macaroons. They have a variety of at least 20 different flavors, from basics like chocolate to more esoteric like rose. They are all very well made and flavorful. We've never had one that was dry. They always seem to have the right mix of moistness and bite. I tend to stick with the more traditional; my favorites are caramel and lemon.They are not cheap, however. $2+ per macaroon. You have to be careful as you can easily walk out $30-$40 lighter. We haven't really tried any of the other items, but they do have a nice selection of other pastries and baked goods, again all very well presented. I think this is a great place to pick something up a little more unique for dessert, but it is definitely not an everyday treat. It's a fun dessert for a group of people to try different flavors.
5	I was in town for a wedding a few weeks ago and stopped here before grabbing dinner to ensure we could pick up some macarons before closing. The interior was very bright, white, and sparkly clean, which enabled you to really center your attention to their macaron case and their other many intricate desserts. The flavors that I went with were vanilla bean & basil, pistachio, salted caramel, lavender, rose petal, and a chocolate. I ate them over a span of a few days, which all remained fresh even through the drive back home, and each flavor was amazing. Their filling is much more creamy and more whipped then other macarons I've tried, but I loved it! The most interesting flavor was the vanilla bean & basil.. I am a huge fan of basil, and although the basil was a little strong at first taste, it all pulled together really well with the sweetness of the vanilla. I would highly suggest coming here if you haven't done so yet because they are absolutely delicious!
4	Overall, this place is very good and I will definitely return to try more.The store is beautiful and clean, and the pastries behind the case all look amazing! They have a huge variety of different flavored macaroons, and the staff is incredibly friendly and ready to help answer any questions you might have. I came here to pick up a pastry to surprise my fiance, but of course I couldn't leave without at least trying the macaroons. They're on the pricey side, so I decided to try three: lavender, raspberry, and almond. The lavender macaroon was very good. The flavor was okay but the macaroon itself was perfect. The inside was soft and creamy. The outside had a nice bite. My favorite, the almond one, was also perfect and the flavor was wonderful. The raspberry one missed the mark on consistency. It was sort of chewy and sticky, which isn't ideal for a macaroon. Hopefully this is an anomaly because the other macaroons were delicious.As for the pastries, they were great. Not the best pastries I've had, but great nevertheless. My fiance's chocolate one was definitely a hit. I had the L'Opera one and the coffee flavor in the pastry was outstanding.Definitely worth stopping in and trying a few flavors. I know I'll be back for the raspberry pastry over cream filling -- It was difficult NOT to buy it this time around!
3	I tried 6 macaroon flavors and I'll try to remember them all - Lavender, Violet, Pistachio, White Chocolate Basil, Earl Grey and Rose.  Out of those, I enjoyed the Pistachio and Earl Grey the most.  I've had macroons from Laduree and I can't even compare the two - Laduree is on a completely other (heavenly) level from most of the macroons I've ever tasted.  The ones from Gaby Et Jules were ok, a bit too creamy in the middle for my taste and I didn't always feel that the flavors were true to taste.  For example, I've had amazingly good Rose macaroons before but if I hadn't rememberd I ordered a Rose macroon I would have never guessed that the flavor was Rose.  Same with many of the other flavors including Lavender and Violet.  I wasn't a huge fan of the White Chocolate Basil but I thought the Pistachio and Earl Grey were 4 star worthy.  6 macrooons will set you back $13.00 - which is on par with other high end pastry places.
5	This place is a pastry wonderland! I was so overwhelmed by the colors and flavor combinations of the macarons. They were beautifully displayed in the window and behind the counter. It was all just so appealing to the eye...but that's not why you're reading my review. You want to know about the taste! Well, I'll tell you...This was my first time indulging in a macaron. I had read about this place from a girl I follow on Instagram who said, and I quote, "Best macarons in Pittsburgh!" Since we were headed out that way, I had to try some! Obviously, being that it was my first macaron experience, I have nothing to compare these beauties to. However, I can say with absolute certainty that they were delicious! There were so many wonderful flavors to choose from! Chocolate, vanilla bean, raspberry, lemon, earl grey, salted caramel....rest assured, I tried them all. I knew walking in here that I was in trouble. I was right, I ate all six in a day and a half. I am not ashamed...
5	Awesome treats and wonderful customer service!  I'll be back for sure!
2	As a macaron enthusiast, i was not impressed by this place. Their flavors are underwhelming considering the steep price for just a little macaron. I tried the pistachio which was mediocre, and chestnut which didn't taste like chestnut at all.I also asked the owner if they make their breads and she said they don't make their own dough. It is incredulous that bakery isn't capable of making their own dough. The overall atmosphere of the bakery was nice but that's all i can really say.
5	Everything I've had from Gaby Et Jules is fantastic. From their macarons, to their lemon tartalette, to their croissants and pains au chocolate, everything is delicious and flawlessly executed. The folks at the counter are also very courteous and the decor is beautiful. A wonderful addition to Squirrel Hill!
2	Don't get me wrong, this place is delicious, but it is pretty expensive for a cookie. I had the white chocolate basil and it had an excessive amount of basil. Everything looks beautiful there, but I still couldn't get over the price for how small it was.
4	I could eat these macarons for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and every single snack in between! Such a cute little shop. The French baguettes are also super delicious. The dough is shipped from France and baked in the shop. They always have new and interesting flavors!The macarons and bread get five stars from me no doubt about it! The reason this review lacks the fifth star is because I am constantly frustrated when I want to buy many macarons and pay pretty much full price for even buying them in bulk. I think it would be totally awesome if they would offer a discount for buying in greater quantities! $2.25 per macaron is not bad, but the size of French macarons is not exactly satisfying! Any time I go I basically want to eat 15 of them and definitely not share. Overall, this place is awesome! Love it!
5	If you like tastey desserts you need to come here absolutely amazing. Macaroons and other specialties. A bit pricey but so good.
4	It's pricey but the best pastry shop you could find in Pittsburgh if you are craving for European style sweets( not like typical American gross icing sweets ughhhh)
5	Really enjoyed my experience here today. I've had macarons from all over the world and these were some of the best! The employee who helped me (unfortunately I didn't catch her name) was lovely. Will definitely return!
3	While the store itself is very cute, the prices here are excessively expensive, not only compared to other local French bakeries but also to some of my favorites in larger cities such as New York and Seattle. $5.50 for an almond croissant - which was truly nothing notable - is absurd. Also, the Paris-Brest was borderline stale.
4	French baked goods is a special vice of mine. So anything after this will be biased.These little overpriced french cookies are just delightful.  Several different flavors which may or may not be worth trying.  I've experimented with their white chocolate basil and earl grey and I have to say they weren't bad.  Will come again. and again. and again....
4	If you want to impress the heck out of people next time you get invited to dinner, bring a box of  little Gaby et Jules pastries for dessert.  Every time the box gets opened, people stand around and go, "Ooh! Pretty!" They are simply the most beautiful-looking and artful pastries in town (the Yelp photos say it all), and they're obviously delicious to boot.  I mean, plan on paying at least $5 a piece, but it's well worth it.   The citrus-y desserts (my personal favorite type on the planet; who needs chocolate?) were fantastic-- the lemon tartlette and le sensation are the best; not to tart/sour or too sweet.  The L'opera (coffee-flavored French buttercream + almond cake + chocolate ganache) is also quite special.  Macarons-- their specialty item-- are just not my thing, so I can't really comment on those.  Why eat dry cookies and pasty meringue when you can eat a lovely pastry instead?  I just don't get it.  I am biased.  That being said, many of my friends rave about the macarons at Gaby et Jules.
5	3 words: BEST MACARONS EVER!!! I came here on my recent visit to Pittsburgh and picked up a small box of 6 macarons ($13). They were worth every penny!! I picked the unique flavors because YOLO. The white chocolate basil was freakin bomb dot com! It had a rich chocolate flavor that was balanced perfectly by the hint of basil :) the rose and nougatine were also amazing! Just check this place out, you won't regret it! :)
4	Love every bite of everything they have to offer. Although Gaby is known for their macaroons ( and rightfully so ) every bite of everything here is heavenly delicious. No other place like it in Pittsburgh. Off the charts delicious!
