4	Probably the best thing about Serrano's is the free chips, salsa, and bean dip. I could make my whole meal out of just these, but the restaurant probably wouldn't like it much. So, I go ahead and order a burrito, shredded beef taco, or chimi just to be safe.Serrano's isn't the best Mexican food, I'll admit it. Most menu items are pretty standard Americanized-Mexican fare, actually. But I love a place with some history behind it, and Serrano's has loads. Started by Ernie and Eva Serrano, it is the longest continually-operating establishment in Chandler. Today, 6 of the couple's 8 children work in the family business. The original downtown Chandler location burned down a few years ago, but they rebuilt right on the same spot. I also love that they are very involved in the community. So give Serrano's a try, and see if you don't agree the free bean dip alone makes it worth a trip.
4	Really good American Style Mexican food at a reasonable price.Went on Sunday for dinner. Had the #39 (Green Chile Beef Chimichanga with Rice and Beans), it was tremendous! Even my finicky son enjoyed his Bean & Cheese Burro. We all enjoyed the complimentary, fresh tasting chips & salsa / bean dip.Decent selection of draught & bottled beers too.Drinks were refilled fast and often, service was really friendly.
5	My dad, my brother, and I enjoyed a late lunch here last weekend while visiting with my dad in AZ.  I was very impressed in all areas.The restaurant has a nice look and feel to it.  The waitress was friendly and polite.  The salsa they give you with the chips was outstanding.  The prices were very reasonable.  All the food I ate was delicious.  The bathrooms were nice and clean.What more could I ask for?  Oh, I know.. I need to see if they have Serrano's in Northern California.Loved it!
2	The only reason this place isn't getting one star is because the last time I went the chips and bean dip really satisfied the fact that I hadn't eaten all day.  Too bad the enchiladas sucked (thick, soggy tortillas???? and beef with too much black pepper???????), the rice sucked, and even the cheese on top of my refried beans sucked.
3	Okay, first off, I'm a vegetarian so the only thing I ever order at Mexican restaurant is a bean and cheese burrito with a side of rice.  And this was the most average version since my Taco Bell day's circa 1999.  Margarita's were average too, and our group was disappointed to hear that they don't do pitchers of margarita's anymore.  On a good note, the chips and salsa is great and you get a bean and cheese dip to go with it too.
2	Serrano's is to Mexican food as Friday's is to American food.That is to say Beans and Rice are to French Fries as Corona is to Budweiser.What I mean is Chimichanga is to Cheeseburger as Salsa and Chips is to Bread and Butter.So you have Quesadilla to Pizza as Margarita to Cosmopolitan.In summary, Two stars is to restaurant ratings as Die Hard is to movies.  It'll get the job done but it won't be memorable or soon repeated.
1	8-2010  Update  The owner passed away and they have made a lot of changes for the worse.  Smaller portion sizes, higher prices.   Service is not as good as it used to be either.  I have stopped eating here.
1	People who rate this place over 2 stars are either "on the books" or suffered from a frontal lobotomy. Here are 6.5 reasons not to go here:1) El Zocalo had a 2.5hr wait last night, so we walked across the street to Serranos and was immediately seated2) Ordered Don Julio Margaritas, received 4 small wine glasses with Sweet & Sour (waitress acknowledged they were made with too little alcohol)3) Terrible Ambiance (drop tile-ceiling, commercial pressboard restaurant tables)4) Waitress couldn't remember what anyone ordered numerous times (forgot sour cream, forgot corn tortillas)5) Rather than coming by to fill up the water, they leave pitchers on the table6) the food was doused in salt; heck, even this morning I had to move my watch band out a notch6.5) There's an adult video store next door...
5	This is the best Mexican food you can get in Chandler considering the they are THE Mexican place to eat in chandler. I've eaten almost everything on the menu and a few times it didn't agree with my taste buds but I'm like that, I'll try anything once even if I don't know what I'll like about it. Your only here once so make sure you try everything. I've been eating at Serrano's since I made my way to Phoenix way back in 98 both Mesa and ChandlerChris B, there is a del taco on germann and gilbert that would be better suited to your level of taste but they don't serve beer. As for the adult video store next door, you could really do yourself a favor and spend some money in there. If, for no other reason than to rub one out and relax, you, really sound like you need to. Its a great place to eat. Friend or foe I tell the truth.
2	Went here cause I've heard from a few people it was good. Being a huge fan of Mexican food, I had to check it out. Pretty nice happy hour special, half off appetizers. Very nice staff. Food was just ok. Queso dip was the consistency of water. Valle luna is still the best i've had. Manager was very helpful and eager to please, but the food was just ok.
5	My parents brought me here when I was visiting them in Mesa.  It was great!  It's not a hole in the wall burrito shop (which would be my preference), but it was really tasty, and the service was fantastic!  I loved this place, and would definitely go back when I'm in the area.  The enchiladas were phenomenal!
5	Two words: BEAN DIP. That's the main reason to visit Serranos, but the rest of their food is great, too. You can't even compare Serranos to the rest of the big chain Mexican restaurants in town that serve generic food straight from cans. Blech. I applaud the recent re-addition of the "Pollo Rojo" chicken dish, but unfortunately it is on the limited time only special menu. I really hope someone at Serranos reads this and brings it back permanently.
4	For the second year in a row, we had a sales meeting in Chandler. Serrano's is within walking distance of the hotel, so we walked over, after bypassing another Mexican place...Serrano's is a friendly place. The Mexican joint next to the SanTan would not seat us together (7 people in the group!), and the wait was 45 minutes. So we left that place and went to Serrano's. As usual, my advice was excellent... We were seated immediately!(Okay, okay, I got lucky!)Anyway, the food was as good as I had remembered it from the year before, and the bean dip was exceptionally good. I had a wonderful Pollo Ranchero dish that filled me to bursting. I don't think anyone was disappointed. Margaritas were tasty, and service was attentive but not pressured. This is a family place, and it's good for groups. They have several rooms where they can accommodate larger parties. I'd go there if I were in Chandler again.
3	pretty good food especially the green chili(usually) but I can't eat in a dirty place and the floor had food everywhere the last few times we were there. I thought it was just real busy but when it happened over and over even after calling to complain we had to take this place off of our list and we haven't been back in nearly 2 years. The one in Awatukee was the worst for filth. It made me wonder what their kitchens looked like and how many critters were crawling around on the food
2	I grew up with awesome traditional Mexico food and this doesn't come close.  Everything seemed like it is out of a can.  Me and my wife left most of the food on our plates and went to Sonic after we left.
4	I really enjoyed this spot, located in historical Chandler by the famous Crowne Plaza Resort Hotel San Marcos. Eat in the bar if you can - a super cozy room with great ambiance.
4	I enjoyed my trip to Serrano's- while in Phoenix with family for Christmas, we stopped in our last day before leaving for the airport. Lots of chips and salsa, water and iced tea delivered to our table in pitchers, and by the amount of people here at lunch time I could determine that they do a mean lunch hour. Fairly standard for what you get at most Mexican restaurants, but came out quickly and hot. The house margaritas are large and cheap. If I come back to Phoenix, I know I know I'll stop by again.
2	The price was nice, but I guess you get what you pay for. The food was ok, but it's probably not a place I'll venture to again.
2	Well....It's a 2 star rated restaurant to me.  It's ok, I won't probably go back again as there are plenty of superior options that have better tasting food.  Even Filibertos has a better tasting carne asada burrito than this place.  I was disappointed, to say the least.  The wait staff was friendly and we were brought pitchers of water and bowls of chips with salsa and bean dip as appetizers.  Quite a few people who have previously reviewed this restaurant have raved about how great the bean dip is but for me, to be perfectly honest, it wasn't really that special.  Garcias will give you bean dip too...and I think it tastes better.  Their salsa is supposedly award winning?  What does award winning salsa taste like?  Not like this watered down blandly flavor that was put in front of me I hope.  The carne asada burrito I ordered was dry and very peppery.  I definitley wouldn't recommend it.  I was dining with five other people and some of them did enjoy their food but I don't remember anyone going GA GA over it or anything. Pricewise the place seemed a little high for what I got as well.  I would probably go to Garcia's or even Elmer's tacos before I'd go here again.  I don't like to give low scores.  I hate it...but I just wanted to warn anyone who might be thinking about giving this place a try.  Have a great day!
4	Solid 4. The food is always good no matter what I've had there over the years. Bean dip & salsa are awesome and always complimentary. Best thing about Serrano's is for lunch - they're very fast. Sadly unlike most of downtown chandler, Serrano's is fast and very nicely priced for lunch items. Staff is on top of things, drinks never empty and chips/dip never out. It makes for a great quick group lunch during the work week. Other places seem to take 1.5hrs in/out time.No five simple because the scene is old, quiet and well... old. It's not bad, it's clean but just been there forever kind of old. There's no hipness to it, would never go there to drink at the bar, I've been going to this location and others for years now and will continue to do so. Enjoy!
5	Absolutely Awesome! I held the Chandler Local lunch here this past Monday, 4.18.11, and they did a great job. Food was Delicious and ready for us. I highly recommend the banquet room in the back. It easily will hold 75-100 people. Staff was friendly and courteous.
4	Love the bean dip, and the Serrano spice. It's good and old style.
4	Solid is right.  Some of the best casual MX food I have ever had.  My grandma lived not far from this place on Boston St and I have fond memories of eating many, many meals here every time we visited.  I reccommend to anyone who lives in the neighborhood and has yet to try or if your just visiting.
3	Downtown Chandler is my favorite location. They have great red sauce.
5	BEST chips, salsa and bean dip EVER.  And it's unlimited when you eat in the restaurant.  I've been going to this place once a week for over ten years and it is delicious and very affordable!!!!
3	Just simply ok. I could name a few better Mexican restaurants but here its never busy and the food is fairly cheep.
5	Ive been eating here more and more often lately, and I like the food.  If I want Mexican food, and I am in the downtown chandler area, this is where I stop in.The food quality is consistent.  Being a creature of habit, I get the same thing every time I come here.They are also serving cupcakes.  Looks like the change the flavor every once in a while too.  I have had a margarita flavored one, and a dark chocolate and chili one.  Tasty.
4	Serrano's is a classic old school Phoenix style Mexican restaurant.  The restaurant is located in downtown Chandler and has preserved the intimate feel of a family restaurant from yesteryear.  The salsa and chips are simply excellent.  The chips come out hot and fresh and the salsa is chunky and tasty.  The food is basic no frill, but great tasting no the less.The fajitas are a sound choice when order as are the refried beans and rice.The service is also great.  Highly recommended for a classically great tasting and comfortable outing for Mexican food locally.
4	Great food and good service! Lunch service is much quicker than dinner though.
4	I took my family of 5 (three kids) to Serranos in down town Chandler on a Monday night. The food was very good, the service was outstanding. The kids meals were large enough to fill up my 10 year old son who can eat an obscene amount of food. Also they make a Guacamole Ranch that is AWSOME. With your chips and salsa you can get bean dip and three kinds of salsa before your meal. The prices were very good. Most dishes were under $11.  I will be coming back on the regular.
2	The first time I went to Serrano's I had a great visit and meal. This time I did not. I ordered the Pollo Ranchero and thought it would be a yummy saucy dish with some spice. What I received was a piece of chicken breast that was baked then chopped and tossed with a little sauce that had no color. It was not a good meal. I could deal with that as it was my choice, but the server came to our table maybe two times. We had to ask the Bus boy for a to go box, our check.. and he even had to ring it up for us. I will try one more time and I hope its not like this again. I will let you know how it goes my fellow Yelpers.
3	Pretty decent, nothing fantastic, no frills. Their salsa is great!
3	Chips are so fantastic!  I had the taco salad;( . Shell was bla-& soggy- dressing ( thumbs way down)husband liked his chimi- Order the appetizer dip( better than the award winning table dips) We will return if only to try something else!
5	I've only been here twice now, but both times were AMAZING!Great food, great service... will be back very soon.FYI, you'll be tempted to fill-up on the out-of-this world salsa and dip which arrive to your table moments after you do. If at all possible, resist the urge. As good as these treats are, your entres will be even better.  Recommended are anything with the green chiles when in season, and if not, trust the Serrano family and their specials. We have been more than impressed thus far and will update this review as we go back again and again and again!
4	This restaurant has a very nice set of servers. They all are personal and very kind.
3	Chips come w/ salsa and beans. Dont be deceived - the beans are spicier than the salsa. Mix them on your plate = delish. Good, local start Mexican joint.
4	I like to come here with friends to catch up. The staff is always friendly, and will accommodate if we have a group of 10 or more. The last time I was here I got a chimichanga and ordered a nice golden margarita. Tasty. The bean dip and salsa always taste fresh too. I haven't been to any other Serrano's locations, but this one is my usual stomping ground for dinner, snacks, and conversation with friends.
5	Probably the best salsa I've ever had has been right here. Consistent, hearty and very flavorful. Love the mariachi when he's there...and Tammy is the best server EVER. The food here is authentic and robustly flavored. Most dishes, I've noticed, are notably spicier than other Mexican places I've been to. The spinach enchiladas with fundido sauce are incredible....the Margaritas, super yummy and never watered down.This place is a MUST when we're in town. Love it, love it, love it.
5	I have been here multiple times and never disappointed! The food is great and service is always fast and friendly!! The prices are extremely reasonable for huge portions! I can almost always get two meals out of my dinner!
3	Still looking for that elusive Mexican food joint, so I stopped by here and gave it a try. The salsa was very good, nice flavor with just a right amount of heat...in other words you could taste the salsa.  I ordered a chicken burro which was good, not great.  the chicken didnt seem to be grilled but must have been, no flavor just blah. Prices OK, service very good, tea and water pitcher on table which is great for those refills. Will give it another try.
5	I've been going to Serranos since a was a kid.  It's my favorite Mexican restaurant in Az.  Food is always great, drinks are good, prices are fair and the staff is usually friendly.  The only downside is they're closed now on Sundays and there's not one by downtown Tempe (where I am).
5	I had an awesome first visit here. I forget my waiters name but he was very kind and professional. The place was very calm and I enjoyed every bite of my food, especially the dessert!
3	The location of this place is great.  Downtown Chandler is one of my favorites in the phoenix metro area and this is probably one of the most frequented mexican food places in the area.  The mexican food here is good, dont get me wrong.  Yet, its not a home run (very few places ive been to in Phoenix are).  The chips came with salsa and bean dip which were good and pretty filling.  The chicken I ordered was well cooked and adequately flavored.  However, upon ordering a side of guacamole, I was underwhelmed by the size of the serving they gave.  Serranos is definitely a good joint.  Lookin for quality food with a great location, this is a good place to start.
4	I have only been coming to Serrano's for 30 or so years... Salsa and chips with the warm bean dip is always great - I always get a taco, enchilada, rice, and beans. Ric and family have provided great food for chandler for a long time - the other locations are also very consistent excellent quality Mexican food.
4	I really enjoy this place! Their food is good quality and the prices are pretty reasonable. If you want some good Mexican food and do not need a super fancy restaurant, give Serrano's a try!
4	Good food. I like the bean dip and salsa mixed with chips. Have gone to the Mesa location with co-workers twice now for lunch. Always fast service and good food. Too bad they aren't open on Sunday.
4	So many memories at this place. I have been coming here since I was a little kid. The staff has always been friendly. Serrano's has always had top tier quality bean dip and salsa to go along with their chips. Few restaurant rival them in that area. I know plenty of people who come here just for the chips and salsa so that should tell you something about how good they are. The food on the other hand is fairly average. The price for their food is pretty fair and a little on the lower side.  This location is right in the heart of downtown Chandler.
5	Excellent! Several choices of hot salsa, bean dip offered at no extra charge, typical Mexican family resturant atmosphere, and good service. Chicken suizas were fantastic! Recommend it!
4	Delicious dinner. Chilies rellenos with machaca. I'd never had that before & I loved every bite. My companion had delicious spinach enchiladas. Wish I lived in the area,  because I'd come back often for the food & friendly service.
5	Great food great service great price.   If you want big portion Mexican food this place is choice. Family run, local.  It gets a little loud sometimes, but we got a seat in the back. Our waitress Tandra was exemplary.
4	We hosted my fathers 80th bday party here and they did any excellent job!!  We had the bigger banquet room.  I mention this because I think it is the nicer room.  The food was excellent as well.  Didn't give the full five stars because at the designated time, when the event was over..we did feel that they wanted us out of the room even though there were no other events after us......
4	Solid Mexican food.  We have been to several catered events here and are never disappointed
4	Freshest bean and salsa dip out of any restaurant I have been to in my life. I know first hand, the bean dip and salsa are made fresh each morning, this makes a big difference. The food is better than average but again I go for the chips and dip.
4	Was a little nervous to try this place after reading some of the mixed reviews but went last night with a group of 10 coworkers and we all had a fabulous time. Our waitress, Cathy, was great - sweet, didn't mind making 4 separate checks, prompt with Food and drink service and refilled our waters without asking. Eric was also great - he seemed to be in charge of the chips and dip and didn't mind bringing our more than a few refills for us. Seriously some of the best bean dip I have ever had. And the salsa is super flavorful and fresh with big chunks of onions tomatoes and cilantro throughout. Also - ask for the spicy salsa. Doesn't have as much texture as the original but has a nice kick! Even the chips were great - thin cut and served warm. We each ordered some margaritas on the rocks which were tasty. Not the best I've ever had but they will do. Several coworkers also ordered a variety of Mexican beers which they enjoyed. When we finally ordered the food, it all came out timely, correctly, and at the perfect temperature. Everyone seemed happy with their meals. Some of us were just too full from chips to finish though. Cathy didn't mind bringing boxes though! I ordered the pollo ranchero. The chicken is diced and mixed with tomatoes, green chili, and onion. This was the best part of the dish. The refried beans were yummy too but the rice was a bit bland. Would have liked a side of the guacamole which was on every other entree plate except for mine. But I was able to steal a bit from someone next to me. The dish also came with two large tortillas which weren't even necessary but were a nice addition. They were a bit charred which gave them an awesome flavor. Finally, the fresh Serrano pepper on the plate is a cute touch! We had brought our own cake for this occasion and Cathy didn't mind bringing out fresh forks and side dish plates for us. She didn't force any of the restaurants desserts or coffees on us either. Overall, I would come here again!
2	I used to come here all the time when I was younger with my family.... The other Restaurant we first were going to go didn't open for another 30 mins so we decided to come here, This time only with my mom, boyfriend and son. Over the years the food went down hill. The best thing about our meal was the chips and beans and also the cheese crisp. But the meal portion not pleasing for ALL of us.... I ordered the season ground beef taco, and shredded beef tamale with rice and beans. Taco was dripping with a pool of grease got half way and couldn't finish, the tamale red sauce had an off taste. Rice and beans were okay.... But with the main course off setting,  I just didn't want to finish my meal. My boyfriend didn't even finish his meal either because the ground beef enchiladas was over seasoned and just way to salty. My mom was off and on with the food... But later she told me it made her sick and kept throwing up.... All in all, I/WE will never come back to THIS location.
4	Never disappoints .. Good food and good service.. I have been going here a long time. I will continue to go back
4	This is my favorite local family owned Arizonan Mexican restaurant. We come here for the green chile tamale, their carne asada burro is very tasty too. Oh their signature is their chips and salsa and bean dip.  Cone when you're hungry!!!
4	This restaurant has been a Chandler favorite for many years.  I really like their fresh salsa - it has just the right amount of "bite" to it.  Their bean dip is very good, and I like the sorta greasy and salty chips.  I prefer oily chips to the dry, flavorless chips that seem to be so common now that people are watching their fat intake.  Service has always been very good, and there is plenty of seating.  Prices are reasonable (about 7 bucks for the lunch special).  I would like to see lunch specials with coffee or tea included in the price - that would be over the top!
2	Here we go another Americanized Mexican restaurant kind of a copy cat of Garcias but not as good .. Food is decent rice is horrible and bland beans are beans and salsa is just that salsa. Had the Pollo Fundido which is a green chile chicken chimi cover in sour crean and cheddar cheese melt over the top. It was ok had better at Garcias and El Norteno. Just wasn't impressed at all with the quality and look of the place . Time to remold and redo some of them dishes .
1	Service was excruciatingly slow. It took three times longer because the waitress said the "grilled" chicken started frozen. Then they overcooked it and it was super dry. The manager never came to check on us or apologize for the super slow service.Kids menu says "drinks included", but I was charged for the kids drinks. The waitress said its because the kids menu is for 10 and younger, but why didn't the menu or the waitress explain this detail when we ordered the kids drinks. The old bait and switch. I've been coming to Serranos for many years and tonight was our last visit.
5	This is A family owned and operated restaurant that has been around forever in Chandler. Their food is absolutely awesome as is the service. If you aren't in the mood to eat out or you need somewhere to just pick up some appetizers for a party definitely go here and get takeout bean dip salsa and chips. Every time we visit Arizona we make it a point to come to this restaurant. I really can't say more about this place other than it is one of our absolute favorites.
4	Ah Serrano's. Been to the Serrano's on Guadalupe right next to Pink Pepper a bunch of times back in the day before they closed. It was in our lunch rotation at work for a while until somebody asked what the "Mexican Delight" on the specials menu was and the smart alecky gal in our group pointed at the balding and chubby Mexican dude in our group and yelled out "He's the Mexican Delight!" We watched in slow motion as the cute young waitress tried very hard to suppress laughter but it was a deep belly laugh and she had no way of winning. After she lost the battle she had apologized profusely for laughing at that and that ended up being the last time Mexican dude went out with us whenever smart alecky gal was going with us as well. Fast forward to December 2014 - we have a company gathering in one of the many banquet rooms at the Chandler Downtown Serrano's. I was quite familiar with the food and knew what to expect - standard hot plate gringo Mexican food that my parents would associate with Mexican food. No matter - I had the beef chimichangas, hard shell chicken tacos, flautas, and even jalapeno poppers. The running joke with the jalapeno poppers was that all the Mexican folks in our group thought they were chicken nuggets and only the non-Mexicans knew what they really were right away. Drinks were flowing as well as our company gave everyone 2 drink tickets. I had 2 gin and tonics with Tanqueray. They gave us all an extra round so I wanted the same thing but was informed they were all out of gin which I found unusual since they even asked which type of gin I preferred. Was there a freaking gin tasting event in the next banquet room or something? WTF! But I believe we all left happy with food and drink in our bellies as well as being entertained by the Jest Murder Mystery Company based in St. Louis. My rating is for this particular experience as I don't really frequent Serrano's anymore. Just south of the Arizona avenue and Boston Street intersection. Plenty of parking the night we went but might not be the case when some Chandler Downtown event is going on.
