5	It was really good! Fries were really good and really good quality burger. Give this place a try (:
4	Clean, nice staff, but the burgers are underseasoned. Love that they offer whole wheat buns.
3	Very mediocre. Tastes like any other charbroiled fast food burger. Onion rings are unimpressive as well. Staff was very friendly but the food doesn't make me want to bring friends or spread the word. There are better options within a mile of this place.
3	The Fries are good. The burger taste like burger king with thousand island dressing. It's not bad but I have had better
3	things were mediocre. fries were not crisp enough. kid at the register didn't seem to know anything,. I asked for a recommendation and he was pretty clueless. great location, but needs a bit of improvement
1	Closed during posted hours.  Will not be back. Consistency is the key to success. This place will be closed by August.
3	Decent. The burger is plentiful and a bit above average in price, but I'm not complaining. With a name like Burger Rush you'd expect burgers, BUT!! It has an extensive breakfast menu, omelette, breakfast burrito, pancakes & toast, egg skillet, sandwiches, salads, and of course dessert. Whew!! Choices. The staff is great and it will take some time in gaining momentum, but overall, very friendly and welcoming.
3	Not bad I'm hoping they will keep the hours open till 3 am we will come back
3	Been here twice.  1st time I had the small order of onion rings / zucchini. Very tasty!!! I went back on 04/11 n ordered patty melt n a large order of zucchini.   Now the patty melt was very good. But the large zucchini was the same size as a small but for more. Interesting?  I will question it when I return again for something else on the menu and if I pair it again with zucchini.
5	Stopped by this evening for the first time with the family and it was great!Great yumny food! Friendly and helpful staff! Huge portions!The shakes are thick and creamy, not runny like other fast food!Ordered the bacon cheeseburger and it was tasty, yet juicy!This food reminded us of a non fast food joint!Best part was it was cheap for our family of four, we left full with plenty of left overs!We will be back! Thank youCannot wait to try the breakfast!
3	I tried coming to Burger Rush around 1 AM a few times last week only to find they were closed each time. The hours listed claim them to be open until 3 AM every night. Still willing to give it a try, I went around 4:30 PM. I ordered a patty melt and fried zucchini. The patty melt was pretty good. I would order it again. The zucchini was okay. I ordered a small, but they gave me A LOT.  Not the best I've had. I would probably stick to fries here next time. If you're looking for a burger, it's not a bad place. I do think there's better burger places out there, but it's nice to be able to get patty melts and pastrami sandwiches.
4	A very nice burger place,great good, priced right and good portions Staff are very friendly, I felt that definitely got my money's worthI would give them 5 stars but since it's a new place they have to strive for improvementsOverall they've earned my business
4	This place just open and is really great! The food came out before I had even found a table and everything inside was clean and brand new. Staff was friendly and the food was pretty quality for the price!
5	Very very good! This place will exceed your expectations. Large menu with plenty of variety to please anyone's likings. Portions are generous and the prices cannot be beat.
5	Headed out with my friend to get something good to eat but reasonably priced. She said let's try this new place and I am happy we did!I had a bacon cheeseburger and it was really tasty. The bacon was nice and thick! We loved the onion rings, zucchini and chili cheese fries! All the portions are huge! They have a great beverage selection and their Oreo shake was to die for! There are so many things on the menu including some salads and sandwiches that I want to try. They have breakfast too! We're definitely going to try to come back during happy hour from 2 to 4 PM where you get a burger, fries and a Coke for $4.99.I usually don't give five stars on my first visit but the price, food, atmosphere and service was great, so how could I not?P. S. I love the little penguin!
3	Thought I'd try it since I pass it everyday on my way to work. I order the cheeseburger combo and also got a small order of fried zucchini. Awesome cheeseburger. It was like old school style (Bob's big boy), with the thousand island dressing, the works, on a sesame bun. The fries on the other hand were just OK. I expected fresh old school style fries, but they were just like the regular fries at burger king. It had that coating on it. Eh! The small order of zucchini was large enough to be shared by 2 or 3 people, and tasted a little on the bland side. Great coating on it though and it could have benefited from having more than 1 tiny container of ranch to go with it. I tried the drive-thru and that was a big mistake. It took too long (definitely not even close to the speed of most fast food joints) and I was late getting back to work. Try it when you have more than enough time on your hands.
5	WOW!! What a treat. I'm in town visiting family and they suggest a new burger place in town and boy do I love a burger. This place was great. They have amazing burgers but also a good variety of other things you don't find in a burger place like a pastrami sandwich. I had a caramel shake to go with my chili cheese fries and burger and I was so satisfied. I wish I had a burger rush where I lived cause I'd be there often. It was a good place to get a great meal at a great price and the hours they are open for business is awesome. The staff was friendly and helped me in picking my meal since I was so overwhelmed by all the great options. The atmosphere was relaxed and inviting. When I come back to visit I will definitely be stopping in again. Thanks for a great experience and a fantastic meal that truly satisfied.
3	Pros:  Burgers are a-okay.  Charbroiled flavor, fresh toppings, and it tastes like it just came off the grill.  Options of swiss, cheddar, American, and I think I saw pepper jack cheese too.  I personally don't like the shredded lettuce on a burger cuz i think the only place that stuff should be used is on a taco.   French fries are thick with a slightly crispy exterior.  Not my favorite hamburger but a really good option -and a thousand times better than anything you could get at McDonalds.  Cons:  Drive thru person was both overly anxious to take our order but slow to get the details right.  It wasn't a complicated order -a hamburger with swiss, a double with swiss, and a double with cheddar, lettuce, tomato, mayo and an order of fries.I'm super pleased to say although it took a little longer than expected the order did come out perfectly.
4	I was driving home from Tempe tonight when I saw this place so I decided to stop in and get a bite to eat. The first thing I noticed was that the place was super clean, friendly staff, but most of all, awesome food. I had a ribeye steak sandwich, which by the way was only 7 dollars and some change, fries, and onion rings. I can find a good steak sandwich almost anywhere in the valley, but this one was one if the best I've had. I was a huge fan if onion rings, but these changed my mind. Anyway, I give these guys 4 stars, can't give 5 yet until I have a chance to try the burger.
3	I've seen this place any number of times, as I drive past it on my way to work but just recently had a free lunch space open to go check it out. I wanted to get a turkey burger, but they were out so I ordered a regular burger with a side of fries.The burger had a nice, char grilled flavor but the bun was a bit dry and somewhat crumbly (not my favorite thing), and the fries had some sort of nice spicy coating that was especially nice. Unfortunately I'm trying to cut down on such food in my time of middle age (the whole heart attack thing is a drag right?) but seems like a fun place with nice staff. I probably won't go there again but if you like to eat burgers on a regular basis it might be worht checking out.
1	WARNING***** the chicken on the Spicy Chicken Sandwich is CHICKEN FRIED STEAK!!!!  I would give them zero stars if I could... here's why...I walked into the establishment and went to the counter.  There was a long haired blonde lady behind the register. I asked her what was on the veggie wrap. She said "Honestly, I dont know. I have never eaten that" and stared blankly back at me waiting for me to order.  I then said "Does anyone here know what is on the veggie wrap?" She asked the cook and he replied "Veggies."  Well no s***.  I asked him to elaborate. He said "Uhm, cucumber, lettuce, tomato.....oh and mushrooms!" I decided to not get this due to the fact that no one could even describe what was on it.  I proceeded to order a Spicy Chicken Sandwich and my companion ordered a Classic Burger, fries and a drink.  We handed the lady 20.00 and she gave me back 3.00 in quarters, stating that she no longer had ones.  We waited 12 minutes for our food even though we were the only ones waiting for food in the establishment. Upon receiving my Spicy Chicken Sandwich, I took a bite (luckily small) and noticed the meat was a dark shade of gray and had the consistency of a rubber tire.  Upon asking for a refund, the cook stated that its a "Chicken-steak mixture, kind of like a chicken fried steak."  He then proceeded to offer a chicken nugget consistency type chicken sandwich.  It was 6.25 for the sandwich only.  I would expect a delicious, juicy, tender piece of chicken, not a mixture of steak and chicken.  There was no apology for the disgusting piece of meat I received. Also, the burger my companion received was a meat patty of approximately 2cm in height. The fixings were the cheapest shredded ice-burg lettuce, a thinly sliced tomato, and enough thousand island to kill a horse.  The fries were salty and soggy, if thats your fancy, get the fries only.
4	Had the bacon cheeseburger ! If you like the chargrilled taste like myself then you will love their burgers . Everything was fresh and the burger was filling . The fries reminded me of what corleons has but they have a hint of spicy. Regardless this place is great. 4 stars dues to the price...
5	I'm no food critic, but I do know a good burger when I taste one. About a week or so I stopped in here and I wrote about the steak sandwich, this evening I decided to stop again but this time I had a burger and fries. The burger was awesome. I don't like to give five stars, but I gave four for the steak sandwich, so I think they deserve five.The people are friendly, they came over to my table for friendly banter, and to see if I liked the burger. Even though I was in a hurry, just wanted to eat and leave, it was a welcomed change from the norm.
5	My favorite fast food place in the area. They have delicious fries and onion rings and great customer service. Even the salad is good!After getting home and realizing they had forgotten to put my order of fries in the bag during my last visit, we went back. When we went in, the manager not only gave us one order of fries, but two or three. He also refilled our order of onion rings and offered us free drinks! It's high quality fast food, and this kind of customer service is what will keep us coming back for a long time. Thank you, Burger Rush!
1	Went into try the place out.  When I placed my order for here, I was given a number to put on my table so that they could bring it to me.  20minutes later and still no food.  When I asked about my meal I was asked what I had ordered.  The clerked finished my sentence and then said, wide eyed, "that was you!  We had wondered who that belonged to, we thought it was a drive thru order".  I heard her say to the other staff "that meal we couldn't place actually belonged to #92 who was sitting out there".  You would have thought that the four people working their would have made the connection between a mystery order and a customer sitting for 20 minutes waiting for food, which they clearly noticed.  When I did finally get my meal, the onion rings were cold and the chili dog was disgusting.  Despite the fact that I was clearly upset and that it was pretty clear the food had been sitting out, no attempt at getting me fresh food or offering me a full or partial refund or even a coupon was made.  The manager walked by and did not even acknowledge me.  I am definitely not going back
4	The burgers are good just don't FORGET to add cheese if you like cheese since the burgers do not come with it. I recommend the cowboy burger! Super yummy!!! I would AVOID going during lunch hours, the  word RUSH goes out of the window at lunch time & SLOW replace it. Took 15mins just for an order of zucchini. They also NO LONGER carry sweet potato tater tots :-( Overall waaaaayyyy better than your typical McDonald's burger at a good price!
2	I'll start with a compliment. The fries are fantastic.But, the burger was completely underwhelming. I'm seeing some positive reviews about the burger so I wonder if they have changed anything since I went in a month ago or so. My burger was an obviously pre-frozen patty that was cooked to well-done destruction. Bun and toppings were Meh. It's a burger so they didn't screw anything up to the point of being unedible. So if you want Meh go for it.The place is a shade above your Burger King or McDonald's but for the price, or if you want a GOOD burger, there's no reason not to go to In-N-Out.
1	Pulled in thinking I was going to Wendy's but this place had bought the location and was fairly busy so I thought I would give them a try.Asked for a double cheeseburger combo and paid $7Wait was fairly long and when my order showed up at the table it was just a cheeseburger not a double. Looked at the receipt and that's what I was charged for so I took it.Big bun lots of veggies but idk how they get the patty so thin. Could barely taste any meat and it was pink!Couldn't tell if the burger was cold inside our not with all the cold lettuce and tomato.Could've had any number of other burgers for the $ and they would have all been better.Also they have the soda fountain with "100 choices" but there was more choices sold out than there were avail
2	I have gave this place two chances. First time ordered a Patty Melt, which was not on Rye bread and had American Cheese....INCORRECT! Second time I ordered Chiki Dogs, they were horrible, I couldn't even finish them.
1	I have been there 12 times and The food is actually ok for fast food but it is very inconsistent and the service is terrible. My order has been wrong at least 5 times and when I complained to the owner/manager JR he blamed it on his "lazy and incompetent employees." He yells at his employees in front of customers, expects perfection for minimum wage and actually yelled at 2 of my coworkers for not ordering fast enough for him. He is going to be sorry soon enough because my office of 160 people is right up the street and due to the inconsistency in good food, the horrible service and JR'S shitty attitude, nobody wants to go back there. For what they charge for food the experience should be a lot better.
5	The service was great, the burger's were yummy and the fries were better than I've had in a long time. Very clean place. Their food was very fresh, So why eat at McDonald's.  Try their ghost pepper burger, but get the sauce on the side if your into spicy food, otherwise it might sneak up on you. Fed two adults for under $12.
5	Just got breakfast here and it was really delicious! Ive always passed by this place and finally decided to stop by. I got the breakfast special, which is toast, 2 eggs, hash browns, and bacon for just over $4. Great deal, great food, and say service. I will be back for breakfast and to try their lunch items.
5	Had a colossal Burger which i couldn't even finish.. AWESOME! Then I had an order of zucchini to share with my friends... AWESOME! Then to finish it off , I had the best ressies milk shake! I will be coming back! (: AWESOME!
3	Meh.Pros: burgers were tasty, portions were out of control hugeCons: order was messed up 2 times, frys were very soggy, price was highOverall the burgers are pretty tasty, but dang, those frys are way too soggy, they need to up the temp of the oil and cook them longer, who wants to eat soggy slug fries?!
2	Updated 9/12/14 to 2 stars:Pretty much stopped going here, after being a big fan early on.1) Drive-Thru: The order is wrong EVERY single &%$&* time in the last 8 times I've been here. I can't leave the drive-through without taking everything out of the bag and making sure it's all correct, and it never is anymore unless I order 1 single item - and even then they never offer you the sauce or dip the order comes with.2) Delivery: Tried it once, never again. An hour and a half after ordering, it arrives but just like the drive-thru, the order is mostly wrong, items are omitted, but in this case the poor driver has to go back and we have to wait another 30 min for the rest of the order.To the phone and drive-thru order-takers: Coke is not the same thing as the other drinks we ordered, and a small side is not the same as a large side especially when we're paying for the latter. It's not an arguable point.3) Food: The burger has fallen apart, both figuratively and literally. It hasn't tasted good in a while now, no longer tastes like a smoke-grilled burger, which set it apart from the fast food chains down the street. It doesn't really have a taste anymore beyond the tomato and cheap cheese. The last 5 burgers have been a lopsided mess; having to scrape off and throw away soaked and liquid-squishy bottom buns kind of ruins it. And the shredded lettuce falling out everywhere got old quick.I hung in there hoping it was just a temporary loss of quality control (employee turnover, etc), but when each of at least the last half-dozen visits have been nothing but hassle and disappointment the problem appears to be with ownership, management, and lack of employee training or poor treatment. Nobody there now seems to give a crap about getting the order right and rather than call back or check with you at the window to clarify, they just substitute whatever they want when they forget what you ordered and let you get home to discover the surprise.I've had enough surprises and short-changing on orders, looking elsewhere now.===============================================Old 4-star review:It's a burger joint that isn't Burger King, McD's, etc. Their burger meat usually* has a char grilled/smokey flavor that tastes better than the engineered flavor replacements mcD's, BK, etc use.Their fries are GREAT - nothing like the soggy/floppy McD's or ounce-of-salt-per-fry BK fries. They're fresh and cooked just right (balanced between soft and crisp) and usually* there's plenty of them in your order.Their fried zucchini and ranch are GREAT every time, we've never been disappointed with it. We're told they make their own ranch dip, and I can give them the benefit of the doubt on that because it's really really good, seems far better than I usually get elsewhere. Their chicken sandwich is pretty good too, and has some spices that adds a lot of character to it. My GF says their fish sandwich is pretty good as well.The staff have been friendly, professional, accommodating, and usually* the order is correct.Some others have commented about long drive-thru waits. It does take longer than the chain fast food places (about 8-10 minutes from the time you pull up to place the order) but that's because they cook it fresh to order here. I've never had stale, dried-out food, so for me the extra few minutes are totally worth it and not a negative thing.Overall, we really like the food and we get take-out from there routinely, at least once every 1-2 weeks.
4	Finally tried this place at lunch today. Good, decent sized burgers that are flame broiled, the way I like it. I think Chuckbox has some competition in North Tempe now! It's a little more expensive than other burger places if you want the combo meal, but hey, it's far better than Mickey-D's. I'll be back to try their breakfast.Follow up - they may have changed the size of their patties recently, because there was a lot of meat on my burger. I don't get what some of these other reviewers are talking about.
5	Best burger place I've eaten in awhile good prices Oliver you have great customer service I will definitely be coming back definitely 5 stars Oliver you are the best waitress I've had in a long time
3	For a drive-thru burger, you could do worse.  The burger was decent but the fries were below average.  There are better burger places in the area, but if you want something fast and want to use a drive-thru, then this place isn't a bad option.
1	Not consistent, left me ill For what it's worth I have enjoyed the food I've gotten at Burger Rush. I've been there three times but I won't be returning. The third visit left me with a stomach ache that kept me on the couch or in bed for half the day. This is corroborated by my friend whom I dined with and experienced the same symptoms the next day. (We don't live with one another and that was the only occasion that week when we were together, or ate together) Each visit it seemed as though the food was different, the burgers and the fries, but specifically the fries. (Ranging from soggy, to too much batter, not enough) These three visits to Burger Rush were within the first two months they were open, so I can excuse the inconsistency, but there is no excuse for poor quality food or poorly cooked food that leaves their customers with stomach pains. In addition, I was very disappointed that they didn't have sweet potato tots, which are on the menu but apparently they don't carry them (I've unsuccessfully ordered them three times ha). Service was mediocre, and often took a while to receive your food, specifically for a burger joint with a drive thru. I've waited 20 minutes for two burgers in their drive thru. Overall really disappointed, I live in the neighborhood and have a demand for a burger joint that's open past last call.  On the plus side, after a peek at the other reviews, it doesn't seem as though anyone else has gotten ill from eating at Burger Rush. Could have been isolated, but once is one too many, not taking my chances.
5	I just had the chicken sandwich with friesAwesome!!!! Very great valueExcellent service and they make you feel like family.I will be back
5	Went in for breakfast this mornings got an omelet was amazing defiantly will be coming back fast friendly.service what more could you ask for!
2	I had a cheeseburger combo. I was about on par with what you can get at Burger King. It's a pretty basic, frozen pattie, cheeseburger. And it was over cooked.If you're looking for a big juicy burger made from real beef patties this is not the place. Service was great.
5	Great staff and a great collection of interesting burgers. I had the Ortega Burger and my wife had the Hula Hula Burger, both were AMAZING, huge portions and great fries. I had a fun conversation with the woman taking my order and she was able to describe all the burgers to me so I knew exactly what was on each, she also noticed my Doctor Who shirt so points for her haha.All in all it's a fantastic joint and I can't wait to come back!
5	I don't know what the complainers on here are thinking.  BR is good, really good, like legendary old burger stand good.  I had the colossal burger, it's huge, stacked with pastrami.  Everything was cooked perfectly and it was fairly quick (not mcdonalds quick) made from scratch quick.  They have enough options that if you ordered something you don't like then you probably didn't take the time to craft the right order.  The staff took the time to help us newbies with the menu and made awesome suggestions.  Give them a chance, it's a good joint that we need in Tempe.  They also DELIVER!
5	Yummy! :)Ordered a double cheeseburger... totally shouldn't have. This thing is the size of my head! The fries were tasty. Some of them were crunchy and then a few of those mushy treasures! I haven't eaten the ceasar salad yet but the lettuce looks fresh, not wilty. Will order again. Wish the boyfriend was home to finish this burger for me..
3	When they first opened they were awesome! But it seems they are quickly going down hill. The drive through takes forever, things are never made the same way every time, food has upset my stomach and caused me to vomit. Perhaps food poisening? Last time I called in an order ahead of time and arrived  at the restuarant and still waited 34 mins for my order. What happened to the quality? I use to dine here 2-3 times a week. Food orders most the time are not right. Very inconsistant here with the exception of the soda pop. Its always good ;)
2	These guys can't seem to get their shit together. Drive through is slowest ever. Waiting inside is better, then you just have to wait for the food, which I think is pretty good and is cooked on site.They are an example of why minimum wage should be raised  The employees here could give a shit, and why should they?I was going to get a breakfast sandwich, but they have lettuce and tomato on them? That makes no sense, and makes me think that whoever put the menu together hasn't had a breakfast sandwich. They have a 12oz soda on the menu, I was told it was 16oz and then handed a 12oz cup of soda. When I pointed it out the employee said, "it says 16 on our thing" and shrugged. Again, why should she actually care?Not sure why Wendy's that used to be here went down, but this place better get a little more involved in its own success or there won't be any...
4	We decided we didn't feel like going out for dinner but didn't want the same ol pizza and delivery. Found this place on grub hub.  Fast delivery and the food was hot and delish! I would go five stars but they don't have veggie burgers! With so many burgers and no veggie patty substitute I was surprised! Please consider adding so I can try one of your burgers out!  I opted for tuna melt..yum! The man got a burger and he loved it. We will be getting again!
1	Meant to write this review a while back.. oops. To be honest I was fine with the food at burger rush (their chicken fingers are great) but when my boyfriend and I went to go get food there about a month ago all we heard the entire time we were there was the manager (i assume) screaming at his employees, calling them names, and being generally awful towards them.No one working at a burger joint (or anywhere else for that matter) deserves to get that kind of treatment, especially when you tack delivery on to that job to make it extra stressful. Turned me off for good : / or until I go in and ask if that jerk is gone or treating them better.
5	Upon arriving, we noticed it was kind of slow. So our service may have been greater due to this, maybe not. The cashier answered all our questons regarding what was in the burgers we were interested in. He was extremely helpful recommending burgers. I wish they'd include what each burger had on a smaller menu, but it's not that difficult to simply ask either. The largest drink is a 32oz. They have the Coke machine that has all the different types of drinks and flavors. That's always great. Everything was clean and organized. Our meal came within 5-10 minutes. I got the Hula Hula Burger (around $8 with fries) which has your basic trimmings on it, plus ham, swiss, extremely juicy pineapple, and teriyaki sauce. It was a pretty big burger. I struggled to take bites, but thats not even bad! The fries were incredible! Someone else mentioned they're a little on the soggy side. I'm a fan of this so I was thrilled. If you like them this way, they're really heavenly. If you prefer crispy, let them know. I'm sure they'll make adjustments!I'll definitely be going back. I live nearby and they deliver so I'll be taking advantage of that! I wish they would get a tip jar because everything was so wonderful and they definitely deserved it!Tldr; The service, establishment, burgers, fries, and drinks are great. The price is a tiny bit higher than BK or McDonald's, but worth it!!!
4	Decent burgers and pretty good milkshakes ! I love the Ortega burger and the buffalo chicken wrap. The fries inconsistent , sometimes they're crisp other times they aren't. Another plus is that they are also featured on grub hub and therefore deliver. No complaints from me :)
5	Was looking for a different kind of delivery because I was sick of chinese food. Was so happy that I came across burger rush. I conveniently ordered through Grub Hub and paid less than $6 for a burger. Food arrived under 45 minutes and was delicious. Can't wait to order again!
2	Really wanted to like this place but the first time I was there I wasn't told about the burger special fron 2-4. I came back the next week and ordered the burger special but the cashier wasn't sure what burger was included with the special. Apparently cheeseburgers aren't included or the cheese is really expensive. Whataburger is about as good with much better service.
5	I have eaten here several times, I thought the burgers were delicious. I plan to visit again next time I pass that way.
4	Went through the drive through about 11 pm after the ASU-Stanford game; the place was not real busy and there were at least four employees I could see...the service to be honest, was just awful. We had to repeat and repeat and wait and wait and then repeat again, and well....I ended up keeping the signed receipt because I got tired of holding it out the window for the cashier to come get it, after five minutes I set it down in the car and forgot about it. So did the cashier. I know they got paid though my card was charged. But the food was incredibly good. I had a Mushroom Burger. my son had a double burger. The fries were hot and delicious, the burgers huge and delicious. And so despite the service we'll probably come back again.
2	Ordered the Ruben melt to go - they boxed it up in enclosed box, by the time I  arrived home it was very soggy. Fries also got soggy.  $19 for two meals While waiting in the drive through saw one of the delivery drivers go from his car straight to the kitchen. Not sure 100% if he was cooking but he was handling somebody's food. Also checked his text messages on his phone and wiped the sweat off his face, scratched his eyes (he was wearing vision glasses) - no gloves while handling food in kitchen. I called to give my feedback was fresh food if I came back.  The person that answered the phone was not that interested in my feedback (he said he was one of the managers). I wanted to like this place - will give it another try someday but this was a bad first time experience.
4	depending on who is cooking that day you can order the same thing and it will be cooked differently.  that is my only complaint.  other than that the food is above average .  best bacon cheese burger in the area for the money .  try the deep fried zucchini but make sure they cook it thoroughly. it can be amazing.  breakfast is slow but cheep and good.
4	I love this place, good food, fresh, and decently speedy. Only problem, customer service. They seem to heavy sigh if I ask for extra cheese or no onions. It seems extra steps, are a pain in the butt. Im a cook myself, I know the little tedious things are a pain, but c'mon. Im paying the full amount, Im always really nice, and I don't like making the workers feel stupid. But Darn it, if I want my chili cheese fries a certain way, and pay for it, can't I just have it done without attitude? Please and thank you. P.S., I keep coming back because its delicious. At some point Ill draw the line, just not now.
4	They were awesome, I'm expecting  and they were kind enough to make me breakfast even though they stop serving it. At a certian time, I didn't get it until 2 but I was more than happy with it. They even misread my order and made sure to remake it and have it sent to me again. Quickly and promptly, Very wonderful service. And I'm all about breakfast at the moment so having it for lunch is a plus!!
2	This place would have been good if any one of the items we ordered was correct. The melt I ordered with no onions add tomato and mayo had no mayo and no tomato and extra unions. the hot dog my boyfriend order with Extra cheese had no cheese and comes fully loaded which they don't seem to tell you online on the description. And both the salads were wrong as well. The steak n avocado salad doesn't really come with avocado and the Greek salad I guess atomically comes with ranch because I ordered Balsamic vinaigrette. The delivery time was fine and the driver was overly pleasent. I don't normally normally leave bad reviews since I work in the food industry myself. But not when every item ordered was done wrong.
1	This was my first time ever trying this place but it took 2 hours to deliver to my house. When I called to ask where my order was, the woman on the phone told me the driver should be arriving soon. It took another 30 minutes until he arrived. By this time, we were starving. As we removed our food from the bag it was ice cold. The fries were soggy and not even a hint of warmth, our burgers were ice cold as well. I called back and the manager on duty place me on hold for a while and then asked if I wanted him to remake the food. Honestly, I told him I didn't want to wait another 2 hours for food. He offered to credit back my account which was pretty cool of him but I have yet to see the credit applied. I don't think I will give this place another try due to the disgustingly cold food.
1	I ordered the spicy chicken sandwich at 8:00 through Grubhub... It finally got to my apartment by 10, the burger was messy and the bread was falling apart. After struggling to eat it I was about two thirds done, I looked down at my sandwich and I was DISGUSTED to see the chicken was bright pink and no where near fully cooked. After waiting long for a sloppy sandwich that wasn't even fully cooked I will never order from here again.
1	This establishment gets one star because I swallowed a sharp plastic shard that was in my sundae and my throat hurts really bad. I found a second one and posted a picture.They also gave me a root beer instead of a vanilla coke, but I wasn't going to mention it until I swallowed plastic shards in my ice cream.
4	I love the food here. But the delivery takes over an hour and a half every time I've ordered with them. It's kind of disappointing when you have to wait almost 2 hours to get your dinner even when you live only 10 minutes away....
1	The quantity is extremely good for the price. I ordered the mushroom burger, and a small side of onions rings, and that small basket in which it came in was heavily loaded, and almost overloaded. No complaint there in the prices. I am a burger fanatic, and was looking forward to checking the place out. I went on a Thursday morning (5/22- ~9am). There wasn't much action when I got there, there was a lady waiting for a to-go, and one seated. I took my time to check the menu out completely, and could not avoid hearing one of the employees complaining about a customer who had been there earlier. Wow, but none of my business. Once I ordered  I headed over to the bathrooms, only to find it filthy. There was toilet paper scattered on the floor, dried up pee stains, and sink covered in random hairs. Never had I been so glad I had hand sanitizer, and I got out of that pigsty. I went over to sit down, and soon after noticed that the women seated near me had received her order wrong twice before, and she seemed happy that the third time was a charm. Yay. My food didn't take too long to come out, and it came out pretty warm, and fresh. The burger lacked flavor, if I hadn't seen it for myself I would have never guessed it had any mushrooms, but the rings were freakin' fantastic. About halfway my meal I decided I'd get some ketchup from the dispensers near me, and was shocked to find that they were all empty, I sat right back down with great disappointment. But the icing on the cake was when half way my burger I pull out this wonderfully long, blonde hair out of the burger.  . .that is where I had to call it quits. It was just one thing after another. . .My overall experience at this place was just awful. I had been very excited to visit the location, and see what it was all about, but this visit pretty much killed it for me. I don't plan on returning, not unless it improves it's ways, and becomes a life or death situations.
3	A really decent greasy burger joint. Decent burger size. I really liked the burger with an egg on it. Onion rings and fries were bland but they aren't the main feature. Kind of weird menu but it's interesting to see them serve spaghetti. Very low key at 12/18 around 7pm. Pretty quick service!
1	Firstly, they do not allow their special as a take out, so as a working woman who does not have time to sit at a restaurant for lunch, I don't get to enjoy the specials? Maybe I don't get out much but that was definitely a first. So I place an order for delivery and what arrived was not what I ordered,  despite the fact that the delivery guy checked and assured me the order was correct. I asked for a wheat bun and did not get one, they say their burgers come with lettuce, pickles, onions, tomatoes, and a sauce, my "burger" was a wet bun, a pattie and some cheese (mainly stuck to the foil and paper wrapper. Then to top it all off, the fries were stale, like leftover reheated fries and were not edible in my opinion. This was my first and will be my LAST meal at Burger Rush, what you get is definitely NOT worth what you pay for!! TERRIBLE!!
5	I have been here 3 times, 2 happy hour visits and one dinner visit. Every single time the food has been served very fresh! The burgers do not taste like processed McDonald's, they taste homemade. The French fries are my favorite, some are soft and some are extra crunchy. They are so good dipped in their ranch, which is sinfully delicious! I want to try so much more from them. My only complaint was that we told them everything on one kids burger and one plain and we got them both plain. But it wasn't a huge deal.
1	I posted a photo last month of a sharp, plastic shard I found in my sundae. I had swallowed a second piece just moments before, not realizing something was wrong until my throat was in pain. No one from Burger Rush has attempted to contact me and explain what the heck sharp plastic was doing in their food. I have not eaten there since and will be sure to continue to let people know about this horrifying and painful experience. Never again, burger rush. I miss Wendy's. I never had my throat cut by plastic shards in my frosty.
