5	Johnny Smalls was FANTASTIC!  A really good idea, done with flair and flat-out great food.  No question that I would go again, and heartily recommend it.The decor is cool and trendy, but not over the top.  The server was very friendly and knowledgeable.  With her help, we ordered five dishes, and I can honestly say that every one was delicious.  Don't miss the mini chili dog sliders or the filet and lobster skewers!  Congrats to the staff - great job!
5	Oooooooh YEAH!!!!!  This is my favorite tapas place so far.  The portion sizes of everything is just right, the taste is out of this world and the staff is super friendly.  I was afraid that trying to get in the night of MMA xplosion was going to be a challenge, so we went early and got right in.   The Thanksgiving Sliders are AMAZING, the creavtive twist on preperation is genius.  We even had room for dessert, THANK GOODNESS!  The Cream Sickle was heavenly and because there were three of us, we each got our own fried oreo :-)
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  The size of the drink "pitchers." The inattentive hostesses. Located next to Vanity (difficult to get out when there's a mob waiting to get into the club).LIKE  The crab and artichoke dip. Lobster taquito. Tuscan flatbread. Most of the "Dim Sum Delight." Cocktail menu. Our bubbly server.LOVE  The availability of a "healthy" section on the menu. Mac & Cheese sliders. The belgian waffle mini-dessert.
4	There's nothing "small" about this little cool dig. From the food, decor, and drink this place screams Vegas! I love the creativity of the food. Sure I love fine dining establishments, but give me a plate of chicken and waffle and I'm a happy camper! This place is the friendly and convenient neighbor of Vanity Club at the Hard rock. We arrived around 9 pm on a Sunday and to our surprise it was not crowded at all. But apparently it was a busy weekend according to our friendly waitress because they were out if a few items. At least she had the courtesy to tell us before ordering. Even with the few missing items, there was still plenty to choose from, choices such as sliders, salads, tacos, kabobs, fried deliciousness all served tapas style! Yes I swear by food served tapas style; it gives you an opportunity to choose several items on the menu and great for large groups. We ordered the Small Balls, Chicken and Waffles, Magic Mushroom Pizza, Surf n Turf Kabobs, and the Carne Asada Mini Tacos. All great! My favorites being the Small Balls and the Magic Mushroom Pizza! 4 Star to you Mr. Smalls!!! Inventive food, great atmosphere, and reasonable prices!
2	Very disappointed.  Menu sounds great, interesting and enticing.  But they missed on many points between what it sounded like. And what they delivered.Ordered 8 things.  Best was the calamari but the portion size was very small, especially considering the dish is normally 9.95-12.95 around town and those places serve 2-3 times a portion size.The pretzel with beer dip was much better after they brought fresh pretzels.  Liked that.  Beef and lobster skewers were minimal pathetic tastes of both, too salty and very pricey.  Most food was very saltyPizza was pretty good but the star of the meal was the lettuce cups.  Enjoy those.  As for drinks, mojito was ok, not special and to fill the glass with crushed ice is a trick to serve slight portions that we are all familiar with.See no reason to go back, and will go to Pink Taco or luckys next time I'm there.
4	Pretty good food and a definite change from the other dining options at Hard Rock. Johnny Smalls take on small plates is creative, but also tasty. We tried a few different things and were pleased with most of the choices.The menu is small, but when just 2 people are dining, the menu can be overwhelming since you want to try so many things, but probably only have room for 2-3 each. We went for: Chicken and waffles: fun take on this dish. the syrup covered waffle fries were tasty.Guacamole: Okay. Probably better over at Pink Taco, but they were out of the Pretzel Dip we originally wanted. Chili Dogs: I do not eat a lot of chili or hot dogs, but they were good.Grilled PB&J: Really good. Definitely need to eat it with the jam. The service was pretty good. Worth another trip back next time I am in town.I went back here in August and tried a few other items:"The Finger"-the salt & vinegar chicken tenders are a bit salty, but are pretty crispy and tastyCheesecake Pops-They sound much tastier than they really are. We were disappointed in these.Beer & Cheese Dip-We really liked this. All the flavors work pretty well in this dip. Mac & Cheese Flatbread-Pretty filing up enjoyable. The pesto dip gives it some flavor, so probably better if you like pesto.
4	Definitely lives up to it's name, all the portions are small but very tasteful!Best PBJ I have ever had and the tater tots are like clouds in your mouth.The "Small's Balls" are delicious and very appetizing. I would recommend this place for a light dinner or snack. Service was great and the food came fast, I definitely recommend.
5	The food is devine :) I love that word: devine. I will have to chance my name to Devine. Ms Devine!Seriously though, the food is really good! Sitting at the bar watching people stand in line for Vanity is super fun. The bartenders (ladies and guys alike) are really knowledgable in their mixology and mix you something delicious if you ask them to.The bartender lady made me the most delicious handmade frozen Margharita I have had in a long time. She made sure to let me know what Tequilla she uses so it was just perfect.Thank you nice bartenderlady for doing that! It is a nice little place to eat and have a few drinks while on guywatch. And trust me, there are a lot of hot bods at the HRH and they tend to have to walk by the bar at Johnny Smalls.
4	Came here on a Friday around 6 and was seated right away. Its a cute little place and had a nice vibe. I was here with Jessie B and we ordered  a few of the small plates. Since we sat at a table we did not get HH prices..o-well. We wanted to be comfy & not sit at the bar.So we started with crab & artichoke dip..it had real chunks of crab and was super creamy and came with toasted bread slices.Next was the sashimi..I know its a tapas style place but there was only 3 pieces. It was so yummy I could have eaten 3 orders!Last was something we got talked into by our waiter who was very friendly & even brought us extra ice for our sippy cup drinks we already had walking in.We were gonna get the pizza pops but he said..ehhSo we ended up with the crazy mac & cheese flat bread.It came with a pesto/ranchy sauce for dipping. It was soooo wierd.I still dont kno if I loved it but it was something different for sure.There is a very good selection of yummy small plates..something for everyone. I love that!And I really loved the server being so nice & helpful. Thumbs up!!
4	Dawn C. suggested we try Johnny Smalls out before hitting up the pool Friday night, and I am so glad she did! Service was on point, food was tasty and the bill didn't break the bank...  We showed up around 6 on a Friday, the place wasn't busy at all and we were able to pretty much pick where we wanted to sit. First impression was great, the place is sexy.. Dark but not to the point where you can't see across the table, trendy feel without being pretentious. Our waiter was very helpful, gave us his opinion on a few of the items.. Everything is tapas style so we decided to split three plates. No drinks for us, as we had already gotten started, but a couple of the cocktails definitely caught my eye as something I'd like to try on future visits... We started out with crab and artichoke dip. Nice and creamy. Then we pretty much devoured the tuna sashimi. Too good. We finished with a mac and cheese flat bread that our waiter convinced us was much better then the pizza pops were we originally thinking about. It was... interesting. Not bad, but I don't think I'd order it again. Total damage was under $40 and we left nice and full. Not bad for eating at the Hard Rock.
4	We dined at Johnny Smalls with a business contact and sat at the bar to enjoy the happy hour specials and a few items on the regular menu as well. Attentive service. Everything we tried was terrific.  The restaurant offers buy one/get one free drink specials and a number of fantastic, small $4 appetizers perfect for sharing several nights a week from 5 p.m. through 7 p.m.  The sea bass skewers were absolutely fantastic -- as was the poonah tuna. We also tried a number of the happy hour appetizers (gentlemen's guacamole, "meaty balls", chicken little) and they were all terrific. Our colleague, who has dined here in the past, ordered desserts for us to share - cheesecake lollipops and the Belgian waffle dessert accompanied with caramel sauce and banana slices. Terrific. (And small enough that one could indulge a little without feeling guilty.)  The menu features an entire section of "healthy" options -- but also plenty of more decadent treats -- so there's something for everyone.  Link to menu: http://www.hardrockhotel.com/dine/johnny-smalls/johnny-smalls-menu/
1	I have tried this place a few times and the food has been mediocre at best and that is being nice. There is no one trying the food before it comes out. the quality of the product and skill behind putting it together is laughable. There is no way these reviews can be real or the people writing them are being compensated for it. Pretty shocked that all the other disappointed people I have seen in their have not Yelped about it.
3	During Happy Hour, we sampled a couple beers each (four for $11) and ordered The Spicy Bird Slider ($3), Pizza Pops ($4), and Grilled PB & J ($4). The slider had a crispy chicken breast coated in Buffalo sauce, and drizzled with chipotle ranch, nestled in a soft bun. Nom! The pizza pops were like muffins filled with familiar pizza toppings. They were a fun snack. Similarly, was the Grilled PB & J.  I loved these warm peanut butter sandwiches with the chipotle peach jam. There was just enough heat to cut the sweet. The bartender was friendly and attentive. All things considered I'd happily return to sample more offerings.
4	I just love small plate restaurants. It's just so much fun to go there with some friends, order a couple of different dishes and share! We went there with four people and we each picked out two dishes for dinner and one dish for dessert and it was just enough. So here is a list of what we had Dinner - Gentlemen's Guac - Three Stars- Drunken Dunkin Dip - Four Stars- Nuttin Honey - Five Stars- Surf & Turf - Three Stars- The Finger - Two Stars (only because I personally don't like chicken fingers).- Jack & Coke - Three Stars- Bagel Dogs - Four Stars- Slider Special - Two StarsDessert- Grilled PB & J - Four Stars- Cheesecake Lollipops - Three Stars- Carmel Apple Fondue - Four StarsOther than the food, the staff was friendly, the prices were reasonable, and the decor was fun. Oh and the drinks were very yummy - I had the Spirit Fingers. It's sweet, but not too sweet, just enough to make me want another.
4	I was there for happy hour, cheap appetizers that were delicious, but I couldn't resist the items on the reg menu like fish tacos and yummy kobe beef skewers. The pb&j are a must, but I think my fav dish would be their meatballs. They are the best that I've had. Oh and the bartender was a mixologist. It was a great experience.
5	Loved it! my wife and I tried this new place at the Hard Rock that our friends recommended from their visit. We loved the small plates concept!! We ordered 6 items, all came to the table in no specific order, Fish Tacos and Asada are a MUST. Everything was great! and the service was even better. Highly recommend!
4	Where was this place before on my trips to LV.!?! Liking the concept of small plates, about 3-4 little pieces on each plate. Yeah tapas style isn't revolutionary but for this town it's a great addition. Very fun selection of plates. Like the pb&j with peach jam and cut in rounds. Great vibe, smart variety of big/small tables, dimly lit yet colorful and great for interesting drinks and conversation. Its what alot of us envision as real Vegas atmosphere. If you're a fan of First Food at Venetian, you'll appreciate this little spot near the new Hard Rock area. Just a disclaimer: please don't be disappointed with "simple" food at high prices. There's a level of quality here, not mounds of food to just fill up and overeat. If buck bang is more desirable, just head over to cheap buffets or 25-cent hot dogs at Harrahs.
4	My husband and I stopped in last week for the $19.99 AYCE tapas promotion. No clue how long this will continue - but if they are offering it and you are staying at the Hard Rock, you really should indulge! No happy hour on drinks during the $19.99 promo (or so we were told). The specialty martinis were tasty, but they were $12 and SO TINY. I mean I get that this place serves tiny food, but tiny drinks just aren't cute. Especially for $12. Whatever, minor setback. My husband and I came hungry and had grand plans of downing 12 tapas. Unfortunately we only were able to do 9 before we were beyond stuffed !! I recommend coming in groups of 3+ if doing the AYCE so you get more variety. The portions were a tad big for 2 people - with most coming in sets of 3 or 4. You order the tapas 2 at a time (per person) and they keep bringing them till you get to a set you can't finish. One of the least appealing-sounding tapas ended up being my favorite. It was steak marinated in jack and coke. I hate jack and coke, but somehow this dish worked. YUM. The best sounding one to me (lobster and steak with vanilla mint butter) was an epic fail. Chewy steak and lobster and the vanilla mint butter was kind of gross. I would say one of the overall biggest disappointments was, they go for some kooky combinations and I'd argue many of them don't work. I like to trust the chef and just see how they can make weird flavor combinations work - but here sometimes the chef disappointed me. Another example of a weird combo? The pork belly with chips. I thought somehow the pork belly and chips would be cohesive. Nope, it was pork belly (mediocre pork belly at that) and then like 6 lays off brand potato chips strewn about the plate.. HUH? Made no sense. Other things we tried... carne asada tacos - just alright, tuna sashimi - fresh, but nothing exciting, small's balls - risotto balls that were FABULOUS, but huge and filled us up too much. The chicken and waffle fries (with syrup on the waffles fries) was a really cute idea, but the chicken was chewy and not all that great. The pretzel bread and beer cheese dip was tasty, but the dip was inconsistent and not mixed well so some dips were awesome and others were "off". So you're probably wondering why the 4 stars? I'm a sucker for "fun" food. I love whimsical stuff, I love silly stuff, and I love tasting lots of things (so mini portions are right up my alley!). The $19.99 AYCE special was very fun, and the service was great. Where they fail is the execution side ! I'm all for ridiculous combinations (vanilla mint butter, or potato chips and pork belly), but damnit don't put things on the menu that don't work! I think this place has a ton of potential, but until they make some menu tweaks the food is really more 2-3 star. I will, however, be back in Jan if they continue to offer this promo to try some more things and see if I just picked some crappy items in the first go round.
3	The atmosphere is very cool - retro, Adler-esque vibe.  The portions are the smallest I have ever seen and the value for the money is not good at all.  There is a 19.99 all you can eat tapas menu.  Take it and run or else you will starve.
5	So, all week before my Vegas trip I was super pumped about a schmancy $100 brunch reservation we had at some other restaurant. It turned out to be okay, but that night we went to Johnny Smalls for a $20 all-you-can-eat tapas dinner and it blew that fancy schmancy brunch out of the effin' water.Seriously. This is approximately three billion times better than any buffet out there. I know some of ya'll are really into foie gras, caviar, and whatever other hoity-toitiness there is out there. You know what I'm into? Mac n' cheese, bacon, fritos, ranch dressing. What can I say? I'm a gal of highly refined taste, and Johnny Smalls has got my numberThere was a 20 minute wait for a table, so we sidled on up to the bar and had dinner and drinks there all served by Anthony, the most kickass flair bartender/server EVER. And you know how I mentioned that $20 AYCE earlier? It really is AYCE. Anything on the menu. From frito pie (with kobe beef chili, of course) to pork belly to tuna sashimi to mac n cheese to grilled pb&j. TWENTY DOLLARS. Period. No extra. ...word on the street is that they are upping the price to $30 for AYCE after the new year, but even if that's true this is still one of the best values for endless deliciousness around.
5	WOW! This place is F-ING GOOD. Like Hazel, you MUST sit at the bar and order the AYCE Tapas for $19.99. In case you can't navigate their website, here's their menu. http://www.hardrockhotel.com/dine/johnny-smalls/johnny-smalls-menu/ You MUST order the following: -**Frito Pie - Fritos, Kobe Chili, Cheddar, Chipotle Sour Cream --YUM!! -***Nuttin Honey - Battered Rock Shrimp, Honey-Walnut Glaze, Candied Walnuts -- A SUPER MUST! -Tempura Green Beans - Tempura Battered, Thai Chili Sauce - It will change the way you think about green beans. -Sea Bass Skewers - Sea Bass, Miso Glaze, Mushroom Chips -Lettuce Cups - Spicy Charred Shrimp, Slaw, Mango, Cucumber, Pomegranate Molasses -Octapussy - Tapioca Battered Calamari, Basil, Candied Orange -One of the Sashimi/ Ahi dishes was just "ooooo yummy" I think it's the Tuna Sashimi dish. Cocktails: -Arrested Development - Creme de banana, Malibu coconut rum, coconut nectar, pineapple juice, shaved Ghirardelli chocolate I do not recommend the following: -Tater Tots - Potato Croquettes, Parmesan, Truffle Oil Yes, I really did try all of those dishes...I actually tried more, but I can't remember them all! You really can't go wrong here. If you order something you don't like, just order another dish! Also, Anthony, the flare bartender is just pure awesome! If you need help digesting the food, ask him for some Russian mixed shot. I have no idea what it's called, but it really made me feel better after eating so.much. food.
4	Thanks to the prior reviews we (2 adults+ 2 kids) had a great dinner!  AYCE is the way to go here.  We did good justice with about 26 plates in all.  Service is great and the first round started coming fast.Our favorites:  Jack & Coke, Tuna sashimi, Bbq Oysters, Seabass skewers, Asada, Shorty, chicken little, surf & turf, Octapussy.Not so great for us:  sliders, lobster taquito, Nuttin Honey (not our taste I guess?)Towards the end of the 3rd round, the service slowed down a bit (even though the place was only half full).  We had to wait for about 15 mins for the last item on our list.Overall, a great place at a great price of $24.99/person (holiday weekend price).  Definitely worth the drive off the strip (not very far either).
4	This Place earns a solid 5 stars on food, 3 stars on atmosphere, and 4 stars on service, so I'm giving it 4 stars...and here are the details.We went late on a wednesday for the AYCE Tapas, the special is pretty hard to beat, you can have anything from their menu, you get to order 2 plates at a time and once you finish, you can order 2 more, however if there is anything left uneaten you have to pay menu price for the items (like many AYCE sushi places).The atmosphere is pretty good, it's dark and trendy, my major complaint was that the music was really really loud, and the selection sucked, in a place like Hard Rock with a solid music selection, the techno/pop crap they were playing at eleventy billion decibels was out of place.My only major complaint with the service is that longer we were seated, the longer it took to bring out our food, I don't know what was going on but our first plates came out almost immediatley, however with each passing order it seemed like it took longer.I would strongly recommend bringing a friend so you can try a lot more food, share some bites and eat your way through most of the menu.Beer Cheese Dip- (4th Fav) This was our first plate, the dip tasted a lot like the beer cheese you get from the store, but had bacon in it, the pretzel sticks were soft and chewey but could have used a little more salt, however it was a great starterSmalls Balls- (2nd Fav) One of my favorite items on the menu, it reminds me a lot of Arancini, risotto, short ribs, and Parmesan. Not as rich as Arancinis I've had before, which was actually a good thing, I will be having these again.High Rollerz- (3rd Fav) Smoked Mozzarella, Serrano Ham, and Pesto, served in taquito style rolls. You can really taste the Serrano ham and the smoked mozzarella, A great small bite, a little crispy in the wrapper, but all in all really good.Thanksgiving Dinner Sliders- First off thier "sliders" are more closer to a small hamburger than a slider per say. They are bigger than your average slider and come 2 to an order. I was thinking this would be like a bobby from capriotti's however it was quite different, the first bite was mainly over powered by butter that was served on them, the rest of it tasted like a turkey burger covered in sage, it was good, but I couldn't taste the cranberries or the stuffing.Jack and Coke- (my Fav) no this isn't the drink, it's skewered beef that has been marinated in a combo of Jack and Coke, it thought it sounded a little odd, but it was hands down the best thing I ate, just enough seasoning from the marinade but not too much to over power the delicious meat.Pizza Pops- (least Fav) I was really looking forward to this item, imagine if a muffin and a pizza roll had a baby, what could be wrong??? Well pretty much everything was. The muffin was doughy, the "toppings" were decent but not great, the marinara served on the side was Ice Cold, I was really disappointed in these, possibly me least favorite item of the evening.Surf and Turf- Lobster and Filet on a skewer, great idea, vanilla butter sauce...not so much, it was odd eating a nice tender piece of filet and having the overwhelming taste of vanilla in your mouth, it worked better with the lobster, but was still an odd combo, may work for some people, not so much for me.Mac and Cheese Daddy- Sliders served with Fried Mac and Cheese on them. Balls of deep fried mac and cheese served on a slider bun with tomato and arugula. I love sliders and I love any thing deep fried, however these were just carb overload, I really liked the idea, but the execution was missing something.Chicken and Waffles- Fried chicken drummettes, maple glazed waffle fries, and southern style white gravy. The Waffle fries were amazing, the maple glaze and the saltiness of the fries worked well together, I really like them. The chicken was good, a tad too crispy for me, but none the less still good, and when dunked in the gravy got an added pepper flavor that made it even better.Tuna Sashimi- I am not really a huge Sashimi fan, but this was really good, the tuna was fresh, and the slice was just the right size. The sauce was flavorful and not over powering. Not the world's greatest but still a very solid offering.Shorty- Braised short ribs, there were really good, 3 small slices of perfectly seasoned short ribs. Meaty and delicious.Tempura Fried Green Beans- It's hard to mess this up, crispy and delicious, but I wasn't a fan of the Thai Chile sauce accompaniment.Meaty Balls- Good meatballs, a little dry but still really good.Fish Tacos- I didn't try these, my buddy liked them.So Beefy- These were under the beef menu, but were sliders. Good slice of filet and Pancetta, I ate it outside of the bun, and liked it, didn't really work as a slider.Grilled PB&J- Chunky PB :(, but still a good end to the meal.sorry to cut the last reviews short, but I was hitting the character limit...Didn't know yelp had one
1	Terrible.Food is just not very good and some of the dishes are very unappetizing.Service is bad. Food takes FOREVER to come from the kitchen.Had to leave without even receiving all of our food after 2.5hrs.
4	First, let me say that I am a grazer.  I have big eyes, and I like the idea of being able to take little bites of a lot of different things.  So I am a fan of buffets, and I am a fan of tapas.  So I expected to be pleased with Johnny Smalls All-You-Can-Eat deal.That being said, I enjoyed this place more than I expected.  The quality of food is high, and the variety is great.  If you want to indulge in simple pleasures, they've got chili cheese dogs, tater tots, and grilled PB&J.  If you want healthier cuisine, they have hummus, sashimi, and sea bass skewers.  Something for everyone!When you order the AYCE, they let you choose 2 plates at a time.  I was with my husband, so we got 4 plates at a time.  And don't judge... by the time dinner was over, we had sampled 10 different items.  If we had bought them all individually, our bill would have been well over $100.  But we paid $20 each... what a deal!My favorites:  Lettuce Cups - there was some kind of pomegranate molasses on it. Delicious.  Poona Tuna - it was described as "cherry limeade" flavor.  That sounded gross to me, but it was fantastic.Chicken &  Waffles - even if you're not a fan of the chicken, the maple-flavored waffle fries are worth it.Shorty - really tender short ribs.  Can't wait to go back and try some of the other items!
5	As a tapas junkie, I thought I'd died and gone to heaven when I heard about this all-you-can-eat for $20 meal. It's really $23 if you don't have a casino card, but it's just a few bucks. My favorite was the grilled PB&J.. Also had the Jack & Coke steak on skewers which was good but not great. The triple salad was tasty, as were the corn dogs and especially the short ribs.I'll be honest, we ate those tapas so fast I can hardly remember which ones were the best (other than the PB&J) but I can tell you that we didn't dislike ANY of them.My only note of caution is that the menu has fine print which says if you don't finish your plate, then you're charged full price for that plate. So don't over-order.Ate tapas four times in Vegas and next to Firefly, this was my favorite.
1	Went to Johnny Smalls for my bday dinner with the hubby. Was highly anticipating the experience but was very disappointed.... From the beginning, had a 9:15 reservation but was told there were big parties that "were just not leaving" and after going back to the hostess stand 2x were finally seated at 10pm. The Server, already was apologetic and harried took our orders and took off.... literally. Bad sign... by then the hubs was saying we should leave... stubborn as I am i decided we should wait.. "It could only get better" I thought. You order food in rounds, 2 plates a piece and as you eat each dish you can reorder. We ordered our 4 dishes and waited and waited. Finally at 10:20 we got dish one, Lobster Taquitos, and waited and waited. The waiter never came back to check on us. Hungry, annoyed and irritated we asked for the manager. She remembered us from our long wait and apologized, comped our 2 drinks and one dish we ordered and we were on our way to honey pig... The place seemed to place all their attention on the large parties in the dining room and ignored the smaller groups. The guys sitting across from us, seated at about the same time also only received one dish. The tapas concept is great but the kitchen turn around time is sooooooooo slow. I give this place 1 year... Good beer menu though
5	My friends and I were at this restaurant on 1/15/11 before we went to go see Santana at The Joint in Hard Rock Hotel.  My friends weren't too sure based on other reviews because someone had mentioned that the music was too loud inside.  We went there anyways and were pleasantly surprised how perfect it was.  We wanted a place that we could talk and enjoy eachother's company and enjoy great food.  We got both!  The Caprese dish was AWESOME also the Brushetta!  We also enjoyed the tacos, steak Skewers were great!  PB and J for dessert was good too!  We all three agreed that next time we are in Vegas we will definitely go back!
4	My friends....I think I've died and gone to Tapas Heaven....seriously.  The Better Half and I were at the Hard Rock and decided to check out Johnny Smalls.  You can imagine the look on our face when we saw the sign that said $19.99 AYCE....seriously, check out the pics.  We thought there was a catch and asked the hostess.  She said, no joke it's $19.99 per person.  You didn't have to ask us twice.....they were packed, so we were forced to saddle up to the bar and eat there instead of a table.  No big deal, we enjoy doing that from time to time.We were looking over the menu, which has a ton of items to choose from, and the bartender gave us the ground rules.....it's simple.  Each person gets to order 2 Tapas, if you finish both plates you can order 2 more, it stops when you stop finishing your plate.  If you decide you want to order more food and you didn't finish your last order, you have to pay full price for the Tapas plate.....seems fair to me.Since the average price per Tapas is around $7, each person needs to order at least 3 Tapas to be "in the money".....aka "get your money's worth".I was starving, so I knew I was going to eat my money's worth.  Here's a breakdown of each round of Tapas (see pics):Round 1Crab & Artichoke Dip (Creamy Cheese, Lump Crab, 'Junk Basket' Chips)Tempura Green Beans (Tempura Battered, Thai Chili Sauce)Philly-ish (Warm Flat Iron Steak, Chipotle Mayo, Roasted Peppers, Farmstead White Cheddar)Chili Dogs (Mini Pinks, Kobe Chili)Round 2Small Balls (Creamy Risotto, Shortribs, Parmesan Fondue)Jack & Coke (Kobe Beef, Sweet Whiskey Cola, Pancetta)Nuttin' Honey (Battered Rock Shrimp, Honey-Walnut Glaze, Candied Walnuts)Octapussy (Tapioca Battered Calamari, Basil, Candied Orange)Round 3Shorty (Braised Short Ribs, Baked Apple Chips, Sage, Savory Virgin Oil)Tuscan Pizza (esto Base, Fresh Mozzarella, Marinated Tomatoes, Roasted Peppers, Balsamic Vinaigrette)Everything was excellent except the Chili Dogs (kind of plain & bland).***TIP*** - The Pizzas are pretty big for Tapas.  Order it last if you want to sample a lot of Tapas so you won't get full early in the meal.Over the course of the meal, we ordered 3 glasses of Merlot ($9 ea) and we were able to keep the bill to $72.41 plus a $15 tip, $87.41 total damage.  Not bad for a night out at the Hard Rock!Will I return?  Hell yeah!  Return Factor - 100%
3	I tried Johnny Smalls last night with a meetup group. While they were getting our table ready, a few of us sat at the bar and had a drink. I decided to ask the bartender for one of his personal specialties. He ended up giving me something he calls the Naughty Irishman. I didn't really watch him make it, but it looked like it was primarily Jameson and Bailey's with crushed ice. I give him props for hand crushing the ice. The drink was pretty good, but it came with the typical Vegas price tag of about $13.Once seated, we did the AYCE tapas thing for $19.99 per person. Note that you technically need a Hard Rock player's card to get that price; otherwise, it's $23.99. Based on the prices of each item, I got my money's worth. On the other hand, if I disregard how much they list each item, I still probably got my money's worth. I'd say their tapas are a mixed bag. Most of them were decent to very good. Nothing was amazing. If I do this again, I have a few items I would skip.The Good* Poona Tuna - I started off with this because someone mentioned it on Yelp. The cherry limeade was an interesting sauce and the tuna was maybe slightly overcooked, but I enjoyed the dish.* Jack & Coke - One of the better items. Very tasty.* Lettuce Cups - Shrimp was slightly overcooked, but that's just being picky. This was quite tasty.* Sea Bass - I only tried some of this from someone else's order. It was pretty good, but not my favorite.* Tuna Sashimi - It's hard to mess up ahi tuna. This was simple and tasty.* Surf & Turf - The vanilla butter added a strange flavor to the mix, but pretty good overall.* Grilled PB&J - I found it a little strange that the jelly was on the side i.e. you had to add it yourself, but it was still good. Honestly, I prefer the Fried PB&J we had at the Elite event at Republic, but come on. It's Grilled PB&J!The Bad* Chicken & Waffles - Disappointing. The chicken was not tasty at all. I didn't like the breading and (once again) it was overcooked. The waffle fries were pretty good though.* Octapussy - I don't like the tapioca batter that they use. Skip.The Ugly* Tater Tots - It might be the truffle oil, but these smelled and tasted like gasoline. They were nauseous.You can view their entire tapas menu on their web site: http://bit.ly/jsmallsI'm going with a rounded down A-OK on Johnny Smalls. I'd return if someone suggested it. The decor is trendy and there are definitely some tasty items here. $20 is a good price.
4	What a deal!  I was a bit skeptical before we arrived.  Judging from other reviews, many of the dishes were hit or miss, and I was anxious that the Americanized tapas would be too much fried, not enough flavor compared to the Spanish inspired dishes at more traditional tapas restaurants.  After the meal was done, I realized that I did not miss the tomatoes, lentils, and light ceviche that I thought I would, and we were all completely satisfied.  On top of it all, the all you can eat is an amazing deal!  Who knew that value like this existed for tapas in Vegas?  Now I do, and you do too!  Tip the servers well, you're saving mad money on the meal.Enthusiastic praise for:Hummus and Guac: Great way to start the meal (just a little short on chips and bread to go with it).  The portions of the dip were incredibly generous, we were scooping the leftovers up with our forks.Tater fries: Great spice, nice sauceTempura green beans: Not too greasy, perfect fried coating and dip, we ordered seconds of this dish!Tuscan pizza: YUM!  Heavy-handed with the pesto, in a good way.  Crisp & soft crust, well done!Salad 3-way: When you need a break from the heavier entrees, you can pretend you're getting your veggies in with this dish.  The diversity of the salads was nice, we all had a different favorite.Fish tacos: perfectly fried, not too heavy, well seasoned. We suggest topping it with a little leftover guac for a blissful mouthful.Lettuce cups: tasty glaze on the shrimp, nice accompanying sauce, crisp lettuce adds great texture.Take it or leave it:Octopussy, bruschetta, sea bass, grilled PB & J.  All were good, if you're in the mood I would not discouraging ordering these.  They were well enough executed, but basic.Not worth the tummy space:Mac n' cheese slider, chicken fingers, tater tots.  The fried mac n' cheese + slider bun = the fried and bread overpower the taste.  We wanted gooey and cheesy that this dish lacked.    Chicken fingers were just  "meh", I could get these at my school cafeteria.  Tater tots had an odd texture and taste, like instant potatoes rolled in garlic salt and fried.  I missed the texture of "real" potato chunks in there.
3	Can't beat the price for what you get.  You just need to know what to order.  I would like to thank all the other Yelpers out there for trying out all the bad/meh dishes so I wouldn't have to :)  Made sure to come with a group so we could try other stuff.  I was so close to ending my ban on beef for the month to order some Jack & Coke.  That will probably be the biggest reason for me to come back here.We also went with the unlimited sangria for $20 a person.  Figured that 2 glasses of wine would be $24 so what the hay?  They brought over a giant carafe for each person.  One person finishing 2 of those is pretty much impossible.  I'd rather just get a bottle of wine next time.  The sangria was pretty simple and light with no chunks of fruit in it.  Tuna sashimi, poona tuna, sea bass skewers and lobster taquitos were the standouts for me.  All the beef dishes looked soooooo good.  My wife ordered Nuttin Honey first and it didn't come until the third round of orders.  Wtf?  Wasn't even worth waiting for.  This was very Panda Expressy.I thought the Grilled PB&J was gross for dessert.  Way too buttery.  They should've just deep fried the damn thing.
3	Went here for a late night treat (ok...it was about 9:30 but as a mom of 2 small kids 9:30 is considered late night) and sat at the bar (as usual). We were greeted promptly by Anthony. He was so cool to talk to and made really really tasty cosmos (I had them made with Absolut Ruby Red...so good and gives the drink an interesting twist). He informed us that since we were there right before the kitchen was about to close that we could not enjoy the all you can eat special. We were bummed but it wasn't a tragedy so we asked him about his favorite dishes. We decided to go our own way. The standout of the evening was the PB&J. It was toasted perfectly with super chunk peanut butter melting all around with a side of some jelly...which was also quite yummy. My man got the teriyaki salmon which he said was just ok. The fried chicken and waffles were pretty good except I had a heck of a time getting the meat off the bone...but the maple glazed waffle fries made it all worth it. We will definitely go back to see Anthony and take advantage of the all you can eat special...but next time I will make sure to come a lot earlier.
3	Johnny Smalls delivers a great deal, with some hit or miss dishes.  The ambiance of this place is definitely hip and cool with a side of night club. The strange thing is that the back area has long tables that are separated so you are basically sitting with another group of diners.The "rules" here are a bit bull and I knocked off a star for poor management decisions. We were sitting with 3 people who only wanted to drink because they had eaten an early dinner and the waiter/manager flatly refused to allow half of us to do the AYCE if everyone didn't. We ended up needing to move 5 feet away from the rest of our party just to get AYCE. Needless to say I was a bit upset from the start. On top of the early issues our waiter was a bit odd because I told him to bring us random items from the menu so we could try anything. Within 3 or 4 dishes we had 2 orders of fish tacos which I figured was a mistake. Not 3 more dishes passed until we had ANOTHER order of fish tacos! I mean they were really tasty but come on! The standouts of the menu were the lobster taquitos, and the mac and cheese daddy sliders. The Jack and Coke skeweres were also delicious but a few dishes were forgettable. At $19.99 AYCE it is certainly a tasty deal considering the choices but I'm hoping if I ever go back the service/management will make a better impression.
5	Although a misnomer, since tapas is strictly a term for a type of Spanish cuisine, the dishes here are as delicious as they get. Combine that with the wicked AYCE deal and you've got a place that I'll go back to A LOT.The decor of the place is modern and fun. Definitely a cool place to hang out in that also happens to have delicious food and drinks. The service was quick and friendly.Almost all of the dishes we tried were fantastic. Only a couple were slightly saltier than we would have liked. The peanut butter and jelly sandwiches made my face explode with delicious.
4	Great deal with all you can eat! My favorite was the tuna sashimi. Got way too full to try the corn dogs but I will be back soon... Fun atmosphere and the bartender was very nice (always a plus).
3	Went on Tuesday and found out they are closed Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Would it have killed the Hard Rock to update the website? Would it have killed J. Smalls to post their new hours of operation at the door? I had to ask a security guard he knew the deal.  I will try on Thursday
4	Pretty good cuisine here, my wife forced me to play the AYCE game. I still had a great time and wound up ordering lighter dishes so I would not get filled up and feel like I hit a buffet or something. I took it upon myself to fix that nonsence with the new hours with the hostess. Fine job on the simple items and plate presentations. Loved the PB and J, Lettuce Cups and Fingers. Octopusy gets Chef Ant's thumbs up
2	What can I say? Just not impressed. For all the hype I've heard about this place and numerous good reviews I was just disappointed. Let me start with the good. I went here for a friend's birthday dinner. My friend and I showed up early before the rest of our group. We sat at the bar and ordered drinks. Here's the good: our bartender was incredibly attentive and funny. My friend doesn't drink much so he gave her a hard time (but it was all in good fun). He was very inquisitive about our tastes in alcohol, and eventually he made me a very tasty cocktail which I enjoyed. He also made some shots for myself and my friend (didn't charge us, very nice of him!). I also asked him to make a drink that was "purple". Based on the fact that my friend who was having the birthday's favorite color is indeed, purple. He obliged. So basically the two stars in this review is all for that particular bartender. Wish I remembered his name.Let's get on to the BAD. This place is supposed to be Americanized Tapas I guess. When we were sat for our party the waiter took awhile to come around. He took drink orders, but then took FOREVER to come back to take our food order. Also, there was a hub-bub about the all you can eat special. Some people at our table wanted to do the all you can eat, and some did not. The waiter refused to let us do that. RIDICULOUS. Just because my friend wants to do all-you-can-eat and I do not does not mean you should refuse someone. They acted like we were going to take off the plates of the other people who were having all-you-can-eat. We even explained that we were locals, and we felt it was kinda unfair treatment. We all ended up just ordering without the all you can eat.I had the fish tacos which were bland and boring. They came with shredded lettuce and a small bit of pico de gallo. Nothing else, not even a hot sauce or sour cream. I also had the PB&J which I felt was okay, but nothing to rave over. I think the best thing there was the bread they offered before we got our meals.If you want tapas in Las Vegas go to Firefly. At lest you'll get REAL tapas with decent portions, and you won't be made to follow their silly rules, which I think are probably made up there because they know tourists will abide and probably just decide that everyone will do the AYCE, even if someone in the party doesn't want to.If you're looking for good cocktails and you'd like to see a bit of a show (they do flare) than JS may be good, but go somewhere else for tapas!! You will be happy you did.
3	The concept that this place intrigued me: All-you-can-eat tapas at a reasonable price ($19.99 w/ Hard Rock Players card). It was like a dream come true, especially after a long work week filled with boring salads and snacks.On a Friday night, the place was pretty packed. A party of 3 had to wait around for 40 minutes before we were seated. It wasn't too bad since there were blackjack tables nearby to kill time (which is probably exactly what they'd want me to do).We did our time in the casino, then got seated to our tables . Right away, we got started on the menu and placed our orders. They allow two orders, per person, per round. That pretty much made 6 different plates per round for us. In most cases, each serving usually came with enough for all of us to share evenly,. Another offer to note is a pitcher of sangria for an extra $19.99, but is restricted to that one person who ordered it. Stuff was pretty strong there for my pal, so I snuck in a few gulps to help out with the pitcher. Strong stuff, indeed. I got a pretty good buzz going after having my share of "samples" from his pitcher.The food itself wasn't that impressive. The menu definitely sounded more interesting than what you actually got. None of the flavored wowed me, though there were some ok stuff. Things were fickle - some stuff overly salty, some meats flavorless, other things just right. The good:Lobster TaquitosLettuce CupsMeaty BallsSo BeefyOctapussyThe okay:Surf & TurfSea Bass SkewersTuna SashimiCow PieStreet Stand Fish TacosBBQ Oysters The bad:Poona TunaJack & CokeGrilled PB & J All around inconsistent. Sometimes good stuff, other times, completely bland. In the end, completely stuffed - which was my main goal of the night anyway. Choosing wisely is all that'll make your night. Thing is, between my buddies and I..  we were in a bit of a disagreement in which ones we liked and didn't like. If you order all the right stuff, you could be leaving the place rather satisfied.Out of the whole experience, nothing was good enough to get me coming right back for more. Place wasn't even half as good as Firefly. It's an interesting experience though, with a multitude of choices of all kinds. Johnny Smalls is a quantity over quality type of joint for me. I got my full belly, I had some alright flavors, and I enjoyed way too much sangria among friends. I could see myself coming back one day, but it won't be frequent.
5	This place is not somewhere I would normally go. I always stay at the Hard Rock but had only been to Rare 120 and Nobu. I love how it has all different dishes from different places in the world. Our service was a bit slow, but since it was very busy, I cant really complain.
5	Tuna sashimi, jack and coke, i'm in love with this place.
3	Met my girls here for dinner. It was a party of 5. 2 of the girls got there first, around 8:45p but they wouldn't seat them without the whole party. Once we were all there though, we got seated right away. It was not that busy that night.When the girl brought our waters out, she only brought 4 waters. Then brought out some bread and salad thing (yum!!) and still... no extra water. When it came to ordering, we did AYCE tapas (which its either everyone or nobody) so we agreed to do that. She asked if we were part of the players club and I said I'd go get a card so we can all have the $20, but in the end she didn't even need to see the card so we should've just said yes! grr.So with the AYCE, it's anything on the menu, limit 2 per person per time. Finish and order more. So we tried 20 different things, some were great, some not so great. The ones that are notable is definitely the sea bass skewers (amazingly moist and flavorful), tater fries, nuttin honey (must try. very yummy!), tuscan pizza (order last because it was a pretty decent portion), smalls balls, and... can't think of anything else.Service sucked for us that night. Food wasn't that great. But I might go back if I wanna order a crapload of stuff to stuff my face for about $20. Not really a place I recommend though.
5	I can't get enough of this place.  I've been here several times and the food is always great.  I highly recommend the Mac 'n Cheese Sliders, the fish tacos or the truffled tater tots. The drinks are pricey but worth it.  The lemon drop martini is off-the-wall!
1	I went here a few days ago and boy was it nothing like I had the first time. It was my birthday and we made a reso for 8ppl, but only 4 of us showed up. The restaurant was pretty empty and they still made us wait at the bar. We ordered drinks and about 10 minutes later they showed us to a table in the corner next to another 4 top. The night only got worse. We pondered the AYCE promotion only to find out that the price advertised is only for Hard Rock player card holders, so our price would be $23.99, not $19.99. It didn't seem worth it, because the menu seemed smaller than when we last came and everything averages to about $7. Needless to say they told us the rules, but left out: we would only get two plates on the table for 4 ppl at once, nothing new would be brought until the plates were cleaned and once the plates are cleaned they will bring our other tapas, which were spaced 10 minutes apart. We ordered about 3 tapas each and the portions seemed to have gotten smaller. I mean 4-5 tater tots on a plate. The Sashimi tapa w. four thin slices of raw fish took about 15 minutes! The table next to us had about 3 plates on the table and kept getting more. I was seething in my chair at the silliness of it all. My friend told the server the scenario and she blamed the kitchen of all people.   I ordered the check immediately and she brought it out, but never showed back up to process the charges. We had to go to the bartender to close out the check! I had no intention of leaving her a tip and left cash and told them to charge the balance to the room. Instead the hussie pocketed the cash and charged the whole bill to the room. Never going back. Firefly seems to have it together.
5	$25 all you can eat Tapas!!! What a deal!!! And the food was really good!!!The filet and lobster shish kebab was awsome. !!!
5	March 27th , 2011  Pros: *  Awesome atmosphere * Creative tapas  * AYCE  !Cons: * seating is a bit close to one another * only order 2 tapas per person at a time * not a fan of everything.Tips:* stay away from the Gentleman's Guac and the Chicken N Waffles!* Reservations for 2 IS accepted so don't let them tell you otherwise.* Sea Bass Skewers and Street Stand Tacos are awesome !* Everything comes in 3s (just a heads up) !Okay, why a 5 star?  Let me explain:  My girlfriend has been dying to eat at Johnny Smalls ever since we passed by it on our way to Vanity Nighclub for our birthday.  I wanted to surprise her, so I made a reservation on the 25th.  The girl on the phone took my name and the time for my reservation request.    The afternoon of the 27th, I wanted to confirm my appointment at Johnny Smalls to assure everything was good prior to going (I'm paranoid with reservations).  When I called, I was told that my reservation did not exist.  I told her that was impossible and that she even took my name down alongside a phone number.  She looked again and said that there was no record.  She then asked how many were in my party.  I told her 2 and she told me that was the problem.  They "supposedly" do not take reservations for a party of 2.  Only larger parties were allowed to make a reservation.  I then asked what the point was of taking my name and number down.  She told me she has no clue why the hostess recorded that information, but there was no record and reservations for 2 are not possible.  A walk in was her suggestion.    Being a little peeved and ready to raise a ruckus upon arrival, I decided to go ahead with a walk-in.  When I walked up to the hostess stand, I was asked if I had a reservation.  I started to explain that I made a reservation for 2, but someone over the phone told me it was nonexistent.  She cut me off and said, " oh, I'm sorry; there's a change with the policy.. we DO accept reservations for 2 now."  As I gave her my first name, she finished my sentence and gave my last name (without even looking at  anything... she totally remembered!)  That was pretty darn impressive!On top of the excellent hostess that recovered my bad experience over the phone, we had an amazing server who came to us as soon as we finished our 4 plates and took our next round of orders.  The bus boy was on top of his game too, clearing out our table as soon as the plates began to tower.   The creativity of the food selection (and the twist of flavors) was very intriguing.  Not all the flavors worked for us, but it was definitely different and I would totally recommend this place to a friend.  My girlfriend and I tried to get through the entire menu, but it wasn't an easy task.  We'll be back though and try the rest out.  Till then, check out below what we had ordered and what we thought of the dish:Round 1Complimentary Cheese Bread (amazing, but don't stuff yourself on it)Street Stand Fish Tacos ( one of our favorites)Jack & Coke Skewers (another win for us)BBQ Oysters (unique flavor, great taste.. one of our favorites)Teriyaki Salmon (you gotta try it.. yummy ! )Round 2Tuna Sashimi (I'm a big fan of sashimi, but this is way salty)Cow Pie Sliders (just what it sounds like..meat. Nothing special)Octapussy Calamari (we're a big fan of calamari.Nothing special here)Nutti N Honey Shrimp (not what we expected, but worth a try)Round 3Gentleman's Guac (big mistake. no thanks)Lobster Taquito (this was more of an eggroll.  it's okay)Sea Bass Skewers (amazing... a must have !)Chicken N Waffles (its friend wings and criscut fries. what the heck !)Round 4Meaty Balls (this tasted pretty nasty)Mac & Chees daddy (mac deepfried in slider form. cool but yuck)
2	A lot of hype for not a lot of payoff.I was actually really excited to try this place. I had heard pretty good things from friends and fellow Yelpers, but Johnny Smalls fell flat for me.The food and service were just blah. I came with a party of seven on a Friday evening and we were all shocked to see how empty the place was. This was already not boding well in my mind. We were seated and I quite enjoyed the seating situation. Comfortable, with plenty of space and lighting to chat amongst the group. It took quite a bit of time before our waiter even approached us. He took our drink order and there was yet another long gap in time until he returned to take our food order. Our drinks took some time to come out and he forgot our requested lemons even after being asked three separate times by us. We finally just gave up.I started with the pineapple mojito, while my fella got a draft. My friends all ordered cocktails as well. We were pleased with our cocktails and unfortunately, this was probably the highlight of our whole meal. With our group as big as it was, we were able to sample just about everything off the menu, or at least a lot of it. Most of the dishes were completely unmemorable, but there were some good, some bad and some ugly of what I tried.The Good (no standouts, but just ok to edible menu items):Pineapple Mojito - A little over carbonated, but tasty.Phillyish - Best of the sandwiches. Wish it was a little meltier.PB&J Sandwiches - Highlight of the meal. Sad, huh?Chicken LIttle - NIce spicy kick. Too much bun. Shorty - Tasty, but needed more flavor.Jack & Coke - Overly sweet and gritty, but ok.The FInger - Perfect chicken finger. Blue Cheese chip had a terrible flavor. Don't try it.The Bad (just not good):Bruschetta - Oily and bland.Meat Lovers Flat Bread - Bland and doughy. Toppings and flavors didn't go together well.Octapussy - Batter was bland and dried out.Nuttin' Honey - Overly sweet and overall just not a good dish.The Ugly (horrible):Poona Tuna - EW! Bland, flavorless, horrible texture.Asada - Totally inedible. One bite, worst thing here.We tried ordering the tater tots and the corn dogs, but they were out of these two items. Other notables from my friends were that they felt the Cow Pie was bland and just overall a horrible burger and that the hummus was an almost inedible and thick consistency. I heard from another friend at my table that the meaty balls and the surf & turf were just "ok," nothing they'd recommend, but not horrible.The service would have to go in "The Ugly" category as well. We were roped into an 18% gratuity since we were a party of 7, but our waiter was very inattentive and hard to track down for long periods of time, so he definitely deserved less.. When we would request refills he would take forever to come by and when he did he would only refill a few glasses and leave half of them empty and wander away. When he did stick around, he was constantly pressuring us to order beverages. I understand attempting to sell us on drinks, but it was excessive and a little annoying.  Overall, this place was a big disappointment after looking forward to it all week. Save your money and try a buffet in town, like the M or Wicked Spoon, and if you're really in the mood for tapas, just head straight to Firefly. This place is really not worth your time.
5	I just cant say enough good things about this place the food and service was amazing. I made reservations for 3 online for 6pm when they open. We got seated right away and started to order our food. Like everyone says get a players card its free and will save you $5.00. Currently $19.99 vs $24.99 without card. I was told by the waiter that they're going to raise prices to $30.00 soon. It's still worth it. If you had to play alacarte price I would definitely say it was a rip off but with the all you can eat its a bargain. 1. tuna sashimi with ponzu excellent 2. sea bass skewers with miso glaze amazing 3. lobster egg rolls were good 4. shrimp cups were good 5. fish tacos great flavor due to mango salsa 6. braised short rib tender and moist 7. surf and turf worth a try but lacked flavor 8. the sliders were good but seemed like fillers 9. honey walnut shrimp pretty good it was like orange chicken but shrimp 10. carne asada tacos were also good a must get 11. fried green beans avoid to much and seems like a filler 12. fried calamari nothing special and also a filler 13. avoid fried stuff and bread it'll just fill you up.. I'm already dying to go back...For all the guys they sure do have a hot hostess to takes you to your table...The three of ate 30 servings of tapas which would have cost us over $300.00 if it wasnt all you can eat. With tax and tip for 3 $92.00 what a bargain..
5	Ilooooooooooooooove this place. I got a reservation through... sources... :) anyway walked in got a great spot and had a buddy holly looking guy as the waiter (I forgot his name!) for 24.99 got the AYCE. for hardrock hotel club carriers it's a little cheaper.Started with Tuna Shasimi, bruchetta, Tuna pooni and...Surf n turf. We probably ordered well over 40 bucks a person, so it was worth it. The Tuna pooni was the best. The finger was delicious and the nuttin honey, brilliant. Great service and best of all great food.
4	My cousin and I went to JS on a Thursday night without a reservation and we were seated in about 15 minutes which was really fast.If you are going to eat more than one order (which you probably will) just pay for all you can eat. (Go get a rewards card beforehand so you get a small discount.) Their food is nicely plated and surprisingly filling.What I really really enjoyed about this restaurant was their really good service! My water cup was not empty for more than 2 minutes (and I had 6 cups of water total.) The waiters and waitresses are really attentive with filling water and come by the table right after you're done with your plate of food. Even though they give you a time limit to eat, the food is prepared and served quickly. :)
4	I'm a fan as much for the price, and the food.  Price being all-you-can-eat for $20 with a HRH Rockstar player's club card.  That said, unless you're dropping in for a single appetizer/tapas, it's really pricey without the AYCE.American style tapas.  Really liked the skewered sea bass and the tuna dishes.  Could have passed on the chicken and waffles.  Sorry I didn't order the toasted pb&j - it looked really good.  Bartender was great, as was the overall service - never had to wait for anything, and dishes came out really quickly.
4	All you can eat tapas for $19.99, I think that's a good deal anywhere you go.  Enjoyed most of the plates we ordered.  The only two tapas plates I was disappointed with was the chicken and waffles and the nuttin honey shrimp.  The chicken part was good but the waffles looked and tasted like the criss-cut fries from Carl's Jr with syrup poured over them and the nuttin honey shrimp was way too salty.  Every other plate we ordered was really good and we ordered a lot.  You can order from a variety of slider tapas, skewer tapas and some other types of tapas.  My favorite one was the steak and lobster skewers, I would've ordered more if I wasn't so full.  If you have an appetite, there's plenty of items to choose from.  Very easy to get your money's worth.
5	Amazing place.  The all you can eat deal is awesome.  Just be careful not to order the heavy menu options.  My favorites? The tuna and the caprese.  All of the fresh menu options were to die for.  The service was great and the drinks were tasty.  Try the watermelon tequila, YUM!
4	I was introduced to Johny Smalls on a Monday and I fell in love!!! So much in love I went back on Tuesday to find it closed.....it is closed on tuesday and Wednesday. What was I to do?!!!! I NEEDED to have the SURF &TURF again before I died!!!! Those where the longest 2 days of my fat life!!! Lobster and steak on a skewer floating in a bowl of butter....Heart attack in 3...2....1!! I was soooo impressed with the tapas offered at Johnny Smalls that I was back on Thursday that same week. 20 bucks all you can eat with the players card is so worth it! With food so good it makes you want to slap yo momma...I had to invite her and she loved it!!!My other favs were nuttin honey( honey walnut shrimp), sea bass, any thing with short ribs is great. I could've done without the chicken and waffles. The chicken tasted old and microwaved with no flavor and drenched maple syrup along with waffle fries( that were also swimming in syrup...yuck!). All you can drink sangrias for 20 bucks was the drink special....yummy. After I left full and tipsy I felt like I owed them more money for all that I consumed!!!!
5	Loved this place, the all you can eat is great, and the all you can drink is great as well.each was $20, so for $40, I had 10 glasses of sangria and almost the whole menu. Typically at all you can eat places, the food sits under heat lamps and gets stale and soggy, This is not the case at Johnny Smalls. The food was exceptional and everything was freshly prepared. If you are staying in or near the Hard Rock, you have to go to this place.
4	I didnt know what to expect from a restaurant within Hard Rock. I am generally not a fan of any of their F&B outlets, but Johnny Smalls was an affordable, and creative surprise. Although trying to find the restaurant (does the HRH believe in signage) was a challenge, we were greeted and sat right away. Our server, Darren, was friendly, and explained the menu and how the "contemporary American tapas" menu works. Going in on the weekend actually has a benefit as you can eat for $19.99 a person.Most of the food was very flavorful and creative twists on normal everyday dishes. Seabass practically melted in my mouth.I would recommend this hidden gem but beware of eating too much of the fried foods on the menu.
4	Yelp came through nicely on this one.  I have stayed at Hard Rock a few times and never knew this place was here.  It was tucked in the corner by Vanity near the original tower entrance.I enjoy tapas style.  This place does it even better with bar & grill style options.  Thanks to their all you can eat for $25 option we were able to try a total of 10 options.I really enjoyed the grilled pb&j, corn dogs & the spicy bird.  There were others that were pretty good, but those are the ones I enjoyed the most.
4	I love tapas, and i was excited to finally try Johnny Smalls. The restaurant was packed but not too noisy, we were able to talk comfortably.The best deal is to sign up for a players card or if you already have one, even better. Tell your waitress if you order the AYCE deal and you'll get $5 off for you and your companion.What we tried...my favorite was the Small Balls (YUM!!!),   Caprese salad was small but full of flavor,   Crab and Artichoke Dip was cheesy and delicious,   Grilled PB&J with apricot jam was sweet and tasty,    Mighty Balls were good, traditional meatballs,     Asada Tacos were good but nothing special,     Cow Pie Sliders were good, lots of taste,     So Beefy Sliders were good, but needed more meat on them,       The Lobster Pillow Puffs we hated, so we sent them back, they tasted doughy, the sauce had no flavor,      The Finger chicken on a stick was good, dip they serve along side is delish,    Tuna tartare quesadillas were good, but it was a big portion, so be sure you have someone to share it with,      Meat Lover flat bread was okay, the guys liked it, I didn't like the sauce on it, it was peppery and smokey.Even though the desserts sounded yummy we were stuffed and had to pass. Service was good throughout. I can't wait to go back.
1	How can this place have so many 4 star reviews? I would rather have McDonalds than this place. The only think edible on the menu is the lettuce cups. The sushi made me want to gag, the rice was dry like its was made a week ago, the salmon was not fresh at all at least from looking at it because they give you so little you couldnt taste it. The hollywood roll is a fried mess.The lobster pillows, greasy and dry not much taste to it.Chicken satay was extremely dry.Small balls was ok, if i ate just this id give it 3 stars.Save your 20 bucks and go else where. If anyone considers this food to be good I feel sorry for you.
4	The very best deal in Vegas! All you can eat topas that are delish for $20! Avoid the mac & cheese its so so. Double up on the short ribs. Great people watching too, open restaurant that features views of the Hard Rock!
4	$20 for ayce tapas? Deal!  Just make sure you have a players card and go from Thursday - Sunday for that special.We ordered a ton of tapas, these I remember:Sea Bass - Most memorable of the night.  Cooked to fatty perfection with an awesome miso glazeSmalls Balls - Risoto cheesy fried goodnessTuna Sashimi - Good but nothing specialSalmon Totty - Really good! Like it sounds a salmon tater totThese other tapas were ok but not very memorable:Asada/Fish tacosGoat cheese puffsLettuce Cups - Beef cups were ok, shrimp cups were betterI will be coming back for sure!
4	I rate this place 3.5ish because I would give 4 for Taste, 3 for the Service, and 4 for the Decor. My hubby and sat down right when it opened (5pm) loving the idea that they had the 19.99 per person AYCE Tapas. It was our first meal of the day since we were up all night gambling and woke up around 2pm. *you know your Vegas timing is opposite from the late night partying / gambling* :] anyways, we were starved and told each other "I wanna order everything one of each!"So, we sit down and were told the rules: You have to order 2 dishes at a time (per person) and you have to finish it before you order the "next round" - that's how they get you! The first / second round was quick and orderly but our third, fourth, and so-on orders were sooo slow that we got full by the time we wanted to actually try some of the items! Therefore, adjust your appetite accordingly & don't forget to get the CRUNCHY PB&J because that is just my favorite.... (our favorite!)~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~2nd review:I haven't changed my mind about my 1st review... but on my 2nd visit to Johnny Smalls, I knew how the system worked.  With that said, we came prepared - 3 people! It's always best when it's not just 2 people because you get to try more items without getting full -- which in my opinion are the point of Tapas.  Anyways, don't load up on the fatty fried goodness.... Go for the Sea Bass, Tuna Sashimi, or the small salads.  And let me say it again........... Crunchy PB&J, nuff said!
4	This place earns a 3.5 star because I was truly disappointed with the pre-made sushi.. not fresh at all! If you're going to serve sushi... you gotta do it right!! Otherwise many of the other dishes were great! I love the tapas style because you can taste many different things and not feel too full. We went for the all you can eat.. for $20. The napolean stack and classic caprese were pretty good. the mozzarella overpowered the taste. The seabass skewers were the BEST. Ordered at least 3 of those. The Poona Tuna and Tuna Sashimi were also great! The salmon totty.. not so good. If I go back to vegas and stay at the HardRock.. I will definitely stop in to eat!
4	This place is just something else!  Been to Wynn Buffet?  Been to Rio? Wait, you've even been to Studio B Buffet with all you can eat and drink? Oh, and the new Wicked Spoon too?  Tired of waiting in long lines and just want a simple delicious lunch buffet?  There was no wait and the place is so cute!  This place must be a local secret!  Johnny Smalls is a break from the rest.  It is not the traditional Vegas buffet, as it is all about their tapas!  We came in for dinner, but was given the lunch price at $15.99 (if you have their membership card) - because their lunch time goes until 6pm! Awesome.  If you are into sliders, flatbread pizzas, mac and cheese - and the usually awesome suspects (Think super awesome happy hour style food), then this is the place for you!  You could order each menu item from about $7-$12, but why would you do that when you can just have their AYCE lunch for $15.99 that encompasses everything on the menu!?  I highly recommend their Wagyu sliders & Mac & Cheese Sliders! mMmMm!!  So tasty!The best part about Johnny Smalls is that you order as you go!  This keeps the food fresh and hot!  You order by the round, and each person gets to order two tapas.  We had a total of 4 people so we had 8 orders per round!  It was nice because we got to sample everything! It felt more like a tasting since we would split each order by four - I really think that it was the best way to go! Yum!  Can't wait to try their dinner menu next time!
5	LOVE this place!  Great food, atmosphere, price! This a place where you share your food (tapas style) and get to try all kinds off awesome creations!
4	I would say this is a hotel hidden gem.  I went here recently because my friends were staying at the hard rock.  Yes, you get 5 bucks off if you have a members card.The food is good, but not great.  I know this is a vague description, but I don't know how else to describe it.Recommended:  The sliders are good and the fries in the chicken and waffles.  (The waffle fries are fantastic with that sauce they bring it with).  The chicken is not so great.  The rolls are fresh, nothing you haven't had before.  An outstanding dish is the short ribs.  I loved it.Not recommended:  The flat bread pizzas.  Just filler is all it is.
4	Went here right after our massages at Reliquary Spa (yum) Had the all you can eat for $17?. Rules: Everyone at your table has to order the same thing.  You order 2 at a time. You have to finish 2/3 of your meals or else you will be charged. If you don't like the taste of something send it back.Food is pretty good for a buffet type of place...I'd do it again. The drinks are pricey & not too strong. Chicken & Waffle Fries: Chicken was dry & no taste. Waffle Fries were pretty tasty. Guacamole: YUMMY & freshHummus: Hummus was ok & the pita was staleHollywood Rolls: YUMMY tastyMac & Cheese Sliders: Good....not great. I've had better Mac & Cheese.Chili Dogs: Actually pretty tasty, too bad I was already too full to enjoy. Meat Lover Flat Bread: I didnt try this, but my girlfriend enjoyed it a lot.
5	Was at the hard rock celebrating our good friends 30th birthday weekend.  30 people all crammed here for Dinner....what a great idea!! Did some research on the place so I knew exactly what i was going to order! The AYCE tapas idea is a grand idea.....no time for the players card so I paid a few more bucks no biggie.... read everybody elses review for the detail on the plates......REMINDER: people you are eating all you can eat tapas for around 20 bucks, not 5 star dinning, so please don't complain so much. In short here is what you should order Braised Shorty ribs Sea Bass SticksRepeat I did sneak some of my friends lobster dish from him (you pay extra for that one) but I'll stick to the ribs, sea bass repeat. Don't waste time on burgers, guac, bread sticks, chili dogs or meatballs....Ribs Sea Bass repeat, best bang for your buck right there. At one point I thought they would run out of the ribs and sea bass......but they didn't' so repeat! Wash it all down with a brew and you are golden I'll be back !
3	Ehh... not great. Not awful. Was staying at the HRH tower with the boyfriend and thought we would try it out. -Short ribs are AMAZING. We ordered it twice. Definitely the shining star.-Seabass was good. Not mind blowing.-Mac and cheese sliders were ehh. Boyfriend loved them.-guac was flavorless. Don't think it was seasoned at all. -honey walnut shrimp were good.- grilled pbnj was great. Would have ordered it again.Overall, it was pretty hit or miss. Service was okay. Our glasses were never empty. Good price with a players card. Okay food. We only made it through a round and a half. For some reason we both ended up feeling really sick while we were eating there and had to leave. Ehhhh....
4	I think the seafood items really make this place a bargain for the AYCE option with the player's club discount. It is definitely at least on par with strip buffet food.  It really has something for everybody, but I really wish this place had more traditional tapas stuff.Made wait half an hour to get seated for my reservation, but once you got seated food got to you pretty quickly.  Service and table can get bogged real easily because of all the damn plates.Items were pretty good.  The Napoleon salad and goat cheese lollipops were defiantly favorites.  Sushi/raw fish items were decent.  The chicken and waffle fries were interesting, but mostly a filler. The honey walnut shrimp came with peanuts instead.  To get a discount, one player's card is good for 2 eaters, though the waitress was very nice and borrowed somebody else's for me.  Drinks were pricy.Had "sea bass" which I'll give them a pass on, this time.
2	I thought AYCE tapas was a fantastic idea, and it is.The food is ok.  Definitely not great.  The short ribs were very good, but everything else was too sweet, or just "deep fried" tasting.  The fish dishes weren't good. Service wasn't very good, the waitress was trying to cover too many tables. In a town with Firefly and other good tapas places, I won't be coming back.
5	I was so surprised at the quality of this place. The food was absolutely AMAZING.  For $25 you got to eat whatever you wanted... honestly each plate had huge portions and would have been a pretty good entree in and of itself.They had an enormous variety of things to choose from, and as the exact opposite of a food fussy (more like a human garbage disposal) I was extremely pleased.The ambiance was nice, the waiters were attentive and the drinks were strong. We could make reservations, were sat almost immediately and had a great time. We will absolutely be going back here whenever we stay at the Hard Rock.My only issue was that my girlfriend is a wimp at eating so I ended up ingesting about 10,000 calories. No Rehab pool party for ME the next day!
3	The boyfriend and I decided to go to this place because Ive been saying Id like to get wild with some tapas and Firefly was packed. They told us the wait would be 30 to 40 minutes and it ended up being an hour. Once we were seated it took such a long time for the waiter to get there that I had literally read the entire menu over 4 times and I was starving so we immediately ordered everything we possibly could. We got the drink really fast, each of us had a pineapple mojito and a reese delight shot. We had both finished our shot and drink and each had gotten up to go to the bathroom at different times before food was brought to the table. On top of it taking a lifetime it was completely the wrong food. I was so hungry I didn't even care and I ate it anyways. The whole time I was there I was just thinking it couldn't get much worse but thankfully the food tasted great. My only complaint was when the chicken and waffle fries came out you could tell they had been sitting awhile since the gravy was dried out on top. Right when I was thinking wow there yelp review is going to be shhhhiiittttyy the manager walked out and said she apologized for the experience we had at her restaurant and comped one of the meals. The fact that someone would apologize and fix things before you ever have the chance to complain is great. It let me know that they were most likely just having on off night and if we returned at another time it would be much better. So all in all I believe this place is a-ok and would definitely return and hope the next review will be 5 stars.
4	The food may not be that great but for the price you pay, its still worth a try!My favorite thing is that this restaurant is located in the trendy Hard Rock Casino. The ambiance here just makes me feel really hip and cool. Reservation is likely recommended since this place fills up fast. Our server sometimes went missing but I understand since shes in charge of so many tables. Once you get seated, the food is ordered in rounds. Each person is allowed two orders per round. My table of 5 only went about 3-4 rounds. Make sure everyone orders something different so you can all share!The food here was just average. Some were good some were bad.Good: Smalls BallsTempura Green BeansAsada TacosTuna SashimiStreet Stand Fish TacoPoona TunaBad: Crab & Artichoke dipThe Jerk FlatbreadChicken & Waffle friesThe Finger
3	My husband read about this place in the in-flight magazine and thought it sounded fun so we thought we'd check it out we signed up for the players club to get a discount on the already nice price of 25 for all you can eat tapas we paid 19 with the players clubTo break it down The GoodCrab & Artichoke dip Creamy cheese crab and artichoke with crispy baguette one of my favoritesMac & Cheese Daddy manages to be crispy and creamy at the same time and the arugula tomato and garlic aoli add nice balanceRich Boy Po-boy Nice and spicy Buffalo shrimp on a garlic roll with slaw a real winnerSmall Balls Amazing creamy parmesan risotto with tender flavorful short ribs this is a great choiceAsada tacos Flavorful steak mini tortillas with a nice salsa and guacamole very goodShorty The best dish of the night were these braised sage infused short ribs so tender and packed with flavor. Mighty Balls flavorful meatballs of Kobe, veal & pork with an even more flavorful Tuscan sauce another favoritePoona Tuna I thought the seared ahi was wonderful in it's citrusy cherry lime sauce It was fun and refreshingEarly on the service was fun and quickThe BadChili Dogs mini pinks hot dogs and bland bread ruin an actually nice Kobe chiliTater Fries Tater tots with a mango ranch dipping sauce they are good, but just way to heavy to really eat more then one. We wouldn't order them again though no wow factor As it got busier the service begins to slide because there are to many tables assigned to one person The UglyYay for satay This flatbread was drenched in over sweet peanut butter sauce with over cooked shrimp and some kind of way to sweet slaw I would not get this again we couldn't even eat it. Please Please if you go DON"T order this one.Chicken & Waffle fries Bland waffles and even blander overcooked chicken in a maple sauce and served with a boring pepper gravyCrispy lobster pillows you have to pay a little more for these and they aren't worth it. ok lobster gnocchi and shrimp in a black truffle sauce sounds amazing, But they were fishy so much so that I did not taste truffles at all. It is a fishy deep fired badness. The woman (might have been a manager don't know she never said) who came over when were finishing up and took our menus right off the table even though my husband was looking at his and then ask oh isn't that ok I know we were done but still this was very rude and if you are the manager not a good example of customer service annoying a patron at the end of the evening means the thing they remember the most is you being rude.
3	Price has gone up to $25. They tricked us to go to the bar so we paid for the drinks as well. Total bill came up to be $100 for 2. I did not think it was worth it. Food was mediocre and a little bit salty. Kiwi cocktail - so good and refreshing. too weak in my opinion. Small Balls - fried risotto balls. one of my fav. came in 3 big balls. creamy and fried to perfection. a little dry. Kobe meat ball - too salty Shrimp lettuce cups - very good. love the sweet mango on this. tuna sashimi - badddd quality. fish is not fresh!!sea bass skewer - the best!!! balance of sauce & yummy fishshort ribs - tender and melt in ur mouth. a little saltylobster pillows - too creamy. the cream overwhelmed the lobster flavor3 way salad - just salad
1	When I first went to Johnny smalls back in April I thought it was one of the best restaurants in Vegas for the price. Boy did they do a 360 for the worse. They still have the $19.99 special with a players card. The menu has changed a bit. They got rid of a lot of stuff that was really good and added a lot of fillers mainly flat breads and sliders. They added sushi onto the menu but heres the problem with that, my friend ordered a roll and you'd expect a freshly made one but what he got was a sushi roll made who knows when that just came out of the fridge. Also when you read the fine print on the new menu it says along the lines that sushi may not be available depends on their supplier or something. So the sushi is not made on the spot it's made somewhere else and brought in and refrigerated. All the tasty items like the miso bass now has an added charge of $4.00additional on top of the $19.99 you just paid. I ate like 20 of those the last time. any item worth eating has an additional charge per item.So basically you will pay $19.99 base price then another ala cart price on top of that. WOW.If you still are dying to try this place read the menu carefully before entering the restaurant and you will see what I mean. Also by the way besides the price, the food quality has gone way down. Nothing tasted like it was freshly made like before, tasted microwaved. Would make a great episode of kitchen nightmare where Gordon Ramsey makes a visit.
1	First time here. Service was good, we had a long wait but the manager came outside of the restaurant to let us know they were getting a table ready at that time We also had a nice conversation, it was nice of him to do that. I believe his name was Josh. Anyway the hostess was also nice and the server. The 20 for all you can eat with a players card seemed like to be a pretty good deal. BUT the food was not good. we were a table of 4. the pasta somewhat of an amuse was amazing, as well as the garlic bread. i order crab artichoke spinache dip or some thing close to that name and the mac n cheese daddy sandwhiches, my cousin got the sandwhiches too hers had way more sauce then mine and were really good. my dip never came out!! others orderd corn dogs which were delish nice crunchy and hot, asada tacos they were good nothing out of the ordinary and the meat was dry, tuscan flat bread (very good), wholly guacamole very bad the guac was super greasy it looked like from a can and the chips were stale and almost too hard to eat we didnt eat that dish, western burgers (ok), the short rib with sage (this was actually amazing). in the second round we thought wed bring some seafood into it, the hollywood roll was ok, the fish tacos (which the server said was very good) was disgusting the deep fried fish would have been great if they werent fried into little rocks, the croquets disgusting as if it came from a bag in the frozen isle at albertsons, there was so truffle sauce at all just plain bad, the fried green beans were not good to crunchy over cooked and didnt go with the chili sauce it was very off balanced! the chicken and waffle fries may have sounded like a good idea and the fries were good, but the gravy was bland and the wings were greasy it just wasnt appetizing, it was like a bowl of grease, after a 4 time asking for the crab dip and a 45 minutes wait for it, it was a huge dissapointment, it was so greasy that the oil accumulated at the top it was about a teaspoon of oil just floating on the top, and it was for sure NOT FRESH! the second order on corn dogs were not how they were soggy, no crunch, greasy, those were not freshly fried either. OH OH and the goat cheese pops were the most disgusting off all,  that I actually spit it back out!!!! The cheese was way too over powering and the oinon marmalade needs some work! The peanut butter and jelly sandwhiches were not good at all, once again greasy! It was a huge dissapointment and I really hope that the cooks in that kitchen are retrained and I really hope that the chef is notified about this review and actually does something about it!
4	ayce tapas place at $19.99/person with members card (free from hard rock hotel). came for a friend's bday and with the number of us there, reservations were def a must since the place is a bit limited if fully booked. a huuuge listing of food that came out very very quickly which was good b/c we were all starving. ordered the following:crab & artichoke dip - very very creamy. i took one bite and that was it. i give it 1 star.mac & cheese daddy  sandwich - this was very good, but i think one order/person can get very heavy. i shared half of one with a friend and that was plenty. 4 starsgrilled pb&j - i don't know if we ordered more than one serving of it but it came on a pretty big platter with about 8 corners of pb sandies. the jam is dipable which is good b/c i like limited jam. they didnt make this any special way but for some reason it was still very good. 3.5 stars.the three way salad - too much dressing. nice variety but it was heavily dressed. 2 stars.tempura green beans - huuuge bowl of green beans but there was a tad too much batter on it. 3.5 starssmall balls - risotto balls was very creamy but still good.. very much sharable. 3 starstuscan flatbread - it was a bit dry  and plain so i very much regretting using stomach space for this. 2.5 stars.mighty balls - these were very flavorful and delish. one of my fav. 4 stars.chicken and waffle fries - i duno what type of sauce is on it but it had a nice sweet flavor to it which i liked.. even on the fries! another one of my favs. 4 stars.tardy tartare - didnt realize what i was eating until shrimp came out.. to go along with small places, i felt they needed to cut the quesadillas up into smaller pieces. 3 stars.tuna sashimi - was hesitant to eat raw fish at a place liek this but glad i did. it was light and refreshing esp with the sauce. 4 stars.overall there's a lot of good food so going with a group to share is highly recommended to try diff types of food.
3	When you walk into this open area the vibe totally changes, chic decor, chill waiter, awesome cocktails, everything about this place is absolutely warm and vibrant. It was my sister's birthday this weekend and we went in with a  part of 25. The manager was more than accommodating with our table arrangements and offered to add an extended table. We were all greeted by our waiter, one per table and he immediately recommended that one person was in charge of ordering all the food. Johnny Smalls is an AUCE tapas joint, $19.99 with a players card (which can be used for up to two ppl) or $25.99 without it. Small portions that enables you to sample almost everything. Unfortunately, the taste and quality of the food doesn't quiet measure up to the hyper of the restaurant. The japanese sashimi's and rolls were dry and tasteless, the sliders and fried foods were mediocre.... salads, pizzas, dips were average... a mixture of salty, bland, dry.... not so sure how to sum up the food.... the food wasn't so terrible that it deserves a two, not great to deserve a four... three stars, but i dont think i will be back anytime soon!
1	Johnny Smalls is consistently a bad restaurant. It's so bad I'm writing this review after not having the chance to eat there. Here's the scoop:I call ahead to see what time they close- the phone rings endlessly.I call the hotel directly and the operator answers "11pm".I ask to be transferred to the restaurant to confirm- it keeps ringing!I checked the website to be sure and the HR website states 11pm, but the Johnny Smalls page states 10:30pm. I even checked OT to verify, but they didn't have any resos after 9:30 available. It may seem odd to extensively check, but with drive times and traffic you have to be sure that a place will be open when you arrive otherwise your night is shot. I showed up about 9:45pm and the restaurant was empty. Like a bomb went off.I had to get a players card (the chick with the pierced cheeks was a B*itch. "Please" & "thank you" are not in her vocabulary) to take advantage of the AYCE deal.I walk back with card in hand and no one is at the host stand so I wait at the bar and the bartender gives me the best news ever: They are not serving food and are only serving drinks. It's the best news because my friend wanted to eat there, but I HATE everything about this restaurant. My last experience was unforgettably bad and this new experience just seals the deal. So, it was Firefly to the rescue which stays open til 2am and is always busy, even at 11pm on a Thursday. If you want other options for tapas go to Julian Serrano at Aria or even Fluer at Mandalay Bay. Heck for a reverse happy hour (10pm-2am) within walking distance head to Ferraros across the street. Hard Rock has changed a few restaurants (AGO now LTO and rare 120 now 35 steaks + martinis) at this aging property and haven for terrible customer service and Johnny Smalls is due for the boot.
4	i really like this place. went with the yelp reviews and signed up for the members card. Food was excellent! hmm maybe whats holding me back from making this 5 stars is that we had to wait a while even though we had a reservation. But all in all, food was fast, service friendly and would definitely come back for more!
2	Johnny Smalls gotta big rep, but trust me.. it's all smalls balls!  I give the restaurant credit on the atmosphere and the food presentation, but the food quality is a little below mediocre.  They offer AYCE tapas for $20 with a players card which I would have rather invested on the tables.  Their menu items tasted just like it were named: Grilled  Mac n' Cheese.. like mac and cheese,  Smalls Balls..  like small meatballs, Mighty Balls.. like big meat balls, Grilled Peanut Butter n' Jelly.. like PB&J.. Corn Dogs.. like well.. corn dogs.  After ordering 24 items off the menu, nothing really brought a BANG ZIP POW to my pallet.  I gave the rating a second star only for the drink/cocktail selection.  I guess the more you drink the better the food.... right?
3	The last time around they changed their menu a bit and raised prices. Portions got smaller and quality dimished.  Sad face.
4	I am a fan!  We had dinner here about a year ago and made the mistake of not ordering all you can eat, which at the time was $40 or so a person.  We loved the food, but left hungry and disappointed.  I'm happy to say that they now offer all you can at for $19.99 with a player's card, which is free at the Rockstar Club.  Just make sure that at least half of your party has a card, and if you want to be safe...just make everyone get one.  We had dinner here a few weeks ago with family and friends and introduced them to the restaurant.  Everyone really loved the tapas menu and selection and were all really excited to try all different kinds of food.  It works out perfectly because you get little helpings of whatever you want to try (a few of the items on the menu have an upgrade fee, but there is plenty of stuff to try that comes with the all you can eat), so you leave full and get to try different items, some of which are pretty unique.I notice there are a lot of bad reviews on here...but we loved it!  Nice ambience, good price (especially for Vegas) and great variety.  The service was good, too!Oh, and try the alcoholic kiwi drink (can't remember what its called)...so yummy!!
2	Oh Johnny, what have you done?If I were to have written this review back in May when I first tried Johnny Smalls, I would have given them a solid 4 for the whole experience. It has a cool vibe and c'mon, it's AYCE tapas for Christsakes, for a mere $20 (with the Rockstar Club Card). Fast forward to this past weekend: The AYCE tapas menu is not as vast and delicious as before. Be warned that some of the more expensive items will cost an extra $2-$4, EACH TIME you order them. Oh boo. The Shorty (a deliciously braised short rib), the tuna sashimi, the grilled PB&J, and the crab and artichoke dip are the only items worth noting. Our server was quick and friendly. Expect the hostesses to be in their own little world and to barely acknowledge your presence.
2	Oh I could go on and on.... I really really wanted to love this place, I did but unfortunately the food and service was no bueno. I had wanted to eat here for probably the last 5 months, since I first read about it. I had a coupon from restuarants.com so my boyfrend and I decided to check it out on a Friday night. We ordered PB & J, sea bass skewers, nuttin honey shrimp and a flatbread. The PB & J was definitely my favorite, super yummy! Sea Bass just okay, super small portion for 13-15 bucks! Nuttin honey was okay, pretty coated. THe flatbread was pretty good, you cant really mess up flat bread ya know. So yeah, bar food at best, nothing outstanding. I definitely will not be back, firefly will always have my business. Too bad Johnny Smalls!
4	This was my first taste of tapas, ever. As this is an American tapas place, the food really becomes heavy after a little while.I was there on a weeknight, and it wasn't busy at all. Like everyone else said, get the Rockstar Club Players Card for free in HRH and then it becomes 19.99 AUCE, which is not a bad deal at all. I left the restaurant feeling full and satisfied. They even threw in a free dessert for my friend because it was her birthday, so that was really nice.Most notable items were the chicken & waffles, which were delicious (the "waffles" which resemble the criss cut fries from Carls Jr. were well seasoned and yummy). The shrimp lettuce cups were also absolutely great, and the grilled PB & J were nicely toasted and the peanut butter wasn't too heavy, which I appreciate! The Nuttin Honey was also good. My group of 6 wasn't a big fan of the mighty balls -- it just didn't taste flavorful. The Hollywood Roll was good, while the rest of the rolls were pretty average and definitely can't compare to that of a sushi restaurant's. The mac & cheese was okay, the flatbread part didn't really complement it, though.I thought the waiter could've been a little more attentive to our table, considering it wasn't busy at all. Water refills are important to me, since I tend to drink a lot of water during meals. This place is perfect for groups of 3 or 6, as they tend to bring out items in those numbers. Pretty much tried everything on the menu, though I just realized we didn't try any of the sliders! Perhaps next time!
4	Ayce well worth it. Favorites included tuna sashimi, shrimp lettuce cups, chicken and waffles, and grilled pb&j. Look forward to going back and trying more items on menu.
1	Mediocre food. It's a buffet. Stay away!!!!I sent the sushi back and the server revealed that "they were made off site". FAIL!!.Go to pink taco next door.
4	Located in the Hard Rock Hotel. They have an AYCE for $19.99 with the players card. Great deal! I love the fancy VIP feeling of this place and the food is pretty awesome. If you're staying at this hotel you definitely need to give it a try. However, you only get a limited time to eat here. You don't get all day. Also there's sometimes I wait for a table during dinner.
2	the food is meh and some of the portions r too big tl b called tapas
3	This place was ok. The food was good. I loved the all you can eat tapas option that is 19.95 with Hard Rock players card. It was nice to be able to try everything on the menu without spending a fortune. Some dishes were amazing and some were meh. The best in my opinion were the sashimi samples of tuna and the goat cheese ball was INSANITY. SO GOOD! I wouldn't order the lettuce cups or guacamole they were a touch below average. The reason for three stars is really the service. We were slighted by our waiter who informed us he was also the bartender (even thou we were seated at a table away from the bar). He ignored us for most of the dinner and was rushy for the other parts. If we stayed at the Hard Rock again we would go back perhaps. I do see alot better quality service at other casino/hotels thou.
4	My husband and I ate here one night while staying at the Hard Rock and we both really enjoyed it.  The all you can eat option is a good deal if you get the players card discount, especially if you are pretty hungry. If you want a light meal you can just order a couple of items per person and then share everything. Some of the plates are larger than others. I love the idea of serving American food tapas style.  The menu is so varied that everyone will find something they like.  The service was good but I found the ambiance a bit offputting. With the furniture and decor it seems like they are going for sort of a club vibe which does not match with the comfort food on the menu.  I am not sure if that is just your typical Hard Rock thing, trying to be edgy. Or maybe it gets a more bar-ish crowded later at night... we were there right when they had just opened for dinner. They did make a perfect martini, I can tell you that much.Unfortunately I waited too long to write this review so I don't remember exactly what we ordered.  The standouts I do remember were the bacon wrapped dates and the goat cheese lollipops.  I loved both of those.  My husband's favorite was the braised beef short ribs.  We had to get that one twice since the first time he didn't even share.  The service was very attentive but it was not crowded.  I think this is a great addition to the Hard Rock and we will be back.
5	IF YOUR STAYING AT THE HARD ROCK OR IN VEGAS IN GENERAL, EAT AT THIS PLACE IMMEDIATELY.My gf and I went to Vegas for a quick get away, and Johnny Smalls just added to our enjoyable experience. We coudnt pick just one thing off the menu, nor a couple. You have to go with the all you can eat option, that way you can ensure that you can try all of their best dishes. My gf's favorite of all 13 dishes that  we tried was "the Napoleon Stack" and "the Shorty." Mine was oddly enough "the Mac and Cheese Daddy" (friggin delicious and unique) and "the Classic Caprese"  You must also try "the finger", "the Tuscan", "the Jerk", and "the Firebird". They dont have dessert but you should at least try "the Grilled PB and J" as the dipping jelly makes the perfect finish to a perfect meal. Just going by our tastes I definitely recommend that you stay clear away from "the Chicken and Waffle Fries". I was actually looking forward to this dish, but it seems odd and out of place once you get it, and it was gross. Also "the Three Way" (salad) was lacking and just isn't worth your time with all the other delicious dishes. OUR SERVER WAS AMAZING AND WE WILL BE BACK WHENEVER WE MAKE IT BACK TO VEGAS.EAT HERE NOW-J.Q.H.
4	Always come here with friends from out of town! It's always enjoyable! Try the chili dogs they are delish, with a toasted bun and doused in a rich meaty chili,other faves are the shorty, braised short ribs that are slowed cooked and tender, the salads trio, is a definite miss!! Only one good one in the bunch and that is the southwest, but pretty much everything is tasty , definitely take advantage of the 19.95 all you eat when dining with friends!! Also they have 19.95 all you drink sangria if you ask! So for forty bucks you will get full and liquored up!! Just a note food does come out fast so prepare yourself for an avalanche of food when dining with more than two people! Pace yourself!!
1	Seriously just terrible food and service. The sliders were edible, but microwave white castle quality and flavor. The caprese salad, we had to send back. It had nasty old mealy tomatoes, a pesto paste, and sprinkled with Parmesan cheese and a balsamic sauce. I left hungry rather than wait for something else to be brought out for fear it would be equally repulsive.
3	pretty yummy! a sandwich and fries type place with little things that throw you off here and there to show that they have variety. The pricing is decent, an average of about $10. You can choose to order as all you can eat or al a carte, up to you. Since I don't have a big appetite to begin with I opted for al a carte. really, the food is nothing fancy but it's good. We had the Mac Daddy (mac and cheese sliders), Wagynu sliders (beef burger with onions), and the Mediterranean platter. Everything was really good, more worth it if you do all you can eat bc there are only two sliders and let me tell you for their size $10 is not worth it!! LOL. Our server was Michael. Really nice guy and we actually ordered everything he recommended. The restaurant itself is tucked away from all the stoag stench and really cozy.
4	This place is awesome and probably the best kept secret. All you can eat Tapas, ALL YOU CAN EAT TAPAS. Need I say more. The tapas are all high end and there is a lot to choose from. All of it was very good. I recommend the street tacos very much. There is so much selection you cant go wrong. This place is trendy and great for people watching too in the Hard Rock.
3	Large portions. Good service. Great place to hang out with friends.
4	We ate here while staying at the Hard Rock and loved their American-style tapas menu.  I wish I had been hungry enough to do the All You Can Eat and try everything on the menu, but we just ordered a few things.  The grilled PB&J was definitely the highlight, although the short rib was a close second.  I also enjoyed the shrimp lettuce wraps and my wife liked the pasta puttanesca.  Everything on the menu sounds delicious.  We sat at the bar cause there was a long wait for a table, and extra points to the bartender who entertained us by tossing bottles and mixing drinks like Tom Cruise in "Cocktail."
3	I came here with a large party for a friend's birthday, and all of our ordered the all you can eat option at $19.99 with the player's card.  It is a great deal for the amount of food that you get, but I wasn't always thrilled with the food.  I did like the tempura green beans, the shorty (shorty) and the lettuce cups, but the chicken and waffle fries and fish tacos were just okay.  I liked the Yay for Satay flatbread but it was a lot spicier than I like.  The layout is a bit strange.  We had a strange table that had an iron gate through the middle of it, so you couldn't walk from one side to the other.  On the other hand, the tables are big so they can accomodate large groups of people.
2	Save your money, take a cab up the street to Firefly. Especially if it's after 10pm. Their menu only has your typical bar food items, at Hard Rock prices. If you're desperate to stay at HR go get the Gambler's Special at Mr. Lucky's.
3	I was a bit ticked off when we skipped breakfast and waited around for this place to open since we were drawn by the unlimited SUSHI advertised on all the signs.  In fact, they only have tapas now.
2	The decor was fun but the food just OK. I expected better quality food considering the prices are a bit high. I probably wont come back.
3	All you can eat at two plates at a time.  Chicken and waffles are awesome!
1	Worst service I've ever got. Waited 30 min to sit with no line another 20 to get our menu's ordered drinks and food, while eating I swear on my life a roach ran across the floor and by the time we finished our meals our  drinks came, I wish I was making this stuff up, worst place ever!
3	Quantity wins out over quality here. While there are some good items, as a small plates (tapas) restaurant it pales in comparison to Jaleo, Julian Serrano, and other spots around town. But, for $20 (with a Hard Rock hotel players card) you can get the "all you can eat" option and knock yourself silly. For that price, this place is not only a bargain, it's a damn good value. It's cheaper than a buffet plus they bring all the food to you so your fat ass doesn't have to get up until you throw in the towel!The Good:- Small Balls: (not so) creamy risotto and short ribs deep fried. 3 per order. One of the best dishes of the night- Shorty: braised short rib, sage, savory virgin oil. Tender and tasty. If you're sensitive to salt you'll probably hate it.- Grilled PB&J: the crunchy PB and bread are grilled and the jelly is on the side. Nice interpretation of a classic- Goat cheese pops: almond crusted, chipotle saffron onion marmalade. 2 per order. The Average:- Tuna sashimi: 3 slices of sashimi per order. Not the freshest fish and the drown it in ponzu sauce- Caprese salad: it's hard to screw up a caprese. - Tater tots: really sweet, more like a dessert item- Wholy Guacamole: it's a large order so make sure you share. The guac wasn't fresh.- Bacon wrapped dates: 4 per order. Another dish that's hard to screw up.- Meat Lover Flatbread: flat iron, pepperoni, meatballs, tuscan sauuce, goat cheese, crispy onionsThe Inedible:- Pulled pork sliders: Not gonna lie... I finished the order (2 sliders) because I was hungry. But, the pork had a weird taste. I wouldn't recommend.- Mussels: easily the worst dish. I tried one and pushed it aside. They were so overcooked, dry, and had a funky chalky texture.My advice would be to steer clear of the seafood, that's easily the weakest portion of their menu. The meats and fried items are the way to go. Portion sizes are large for the really low cost items like tater tots and guac and chips. I guess they want to fill you up so you don't eat more of the other stuff. We also got all you can drink sangria for $20 per person. It wasn't very good, but it'll get the job done.Despite some bad items, I'm sure I'll be back if I want to stuff my face on a budget.
3	Would I sign up for a Player"s card at Hard Rock just to try this enticing $19.99 AYCE Tapas buffet?  Why of course!Our Vegas local Shaun P. recommended this place to us as an option for a light to heavy dinner before a night out, and I wasn't about to say no to an endless array of Tapas!  I love these small bites, so you can tell I was stoked and ready to chow down (especially with no time limit!)The verdict?  It was aiite....Earlier that day, our new buddy Mike H. whom we had met at a Vegas Yelp event warned us to not have extremely high expectations for this tapas.  I was still full from lunch, so I wasn't overly ready to dive into the tapas bar, but the restrictions that we ended up being placed did help to counter any potential bingefest... I guess.Here's how it works:1. Once seated with a large group, our server instructed us that only one person would be able to order... so fellow yelper Kathleen W. was designated with the conch shell.2. Only two plates of tapas would be allowed per individual at any given round of ordering.  Since there were about ten of us, that meant only 20 orders at a time.  Sounds like a lot huh?3. Drinks are not included.Our server was dead set on only responding to our designated driver as well, which was both good and bad.  We had to relay all of our orders to her in this case, but I'll admit, it gave us a better control on what foods to actually order.Overall, food was good, but not at all impressive compared to other well known tapas bars.The Hits:- Smalls Balls... tasty and full of flavor even in small bites.- Tuscan flatbread... mozzarella cheese and tomatoes?  hell yes!- Poona Tuna... seared ahi with a fantastic dressing.  We ordered over six plates!- Tuna Sashimi... can't go wrong with raw fish and ponzu sauce.The Meh:- Grilled PB&J... sounds more awesome and nostalgic than it actually tasted.- Mac & Cheese Daddy... way too heavy and filled me up fast- Asada Tacos... not enough meat and lacked a lot of spiceGiven your options and people, try as much as you can!  But there are those that you can pass and save stomach space for some better eats.  There are better tapas bars in Vegas that you should check out a la carte, but for a party plan in order to try as much as you can, Johnny Smalls offers a good alternative.
2	i wanted to enjoy this place soo bad!  I will say that we had a group of 12, therefore they made us have a set menu.  The problem with this is that it was $35 a person therefore very unreasonable considering you could get unlimited for 20 something.  It was frustrating trying to put everything together for our dinner .  Once we got there I was kind of bummed out, I repeatedly asked for a private room, if we were spending so much I would at least like a little privacy.  Instead they had us spread out over a railing!  We all had different chairs at different heights and it was just weird.  I was disappointed.  Our waitress was attentive and got us our drinks fast.  My drink kiwi cucumber something was AMAZING.  So delicious.  For our meal we had: brushetta dip, spicy mango shrimp cups, small balls, cowboy sliders, tator tots, mac n cheese sliders, fried pb&J, and risotto balls.  My favorite was the shrimp cups and mac n cheese sliders.  Everything else was just okay.  I might come back here with a smaller group, the other menu items look interesting and I wouldn't mind giving them another shot.
4	I will definitely be back to review once I have come here a 2nd or 3rd time because I have yet to try everything on their menu.Also, my review lacks the 5th star because my friend and I were seated at this super small corner table that should NOT even exist.  We are like the minorities seated in the small back corner of the restaurant.  It's pretty sad.  I felt kind of offended by that; considering there were many 2 seater tables that were empty nearby.  Seems a bit racist or discrimating to me.  The table was like the size of a college desk where you can barely fit a notbeook and a pencil.  Ridiculous.We'll see what happens when I come back.  That actually really ticked me off.  They're lucky their food is good.  Stay tuned, I'll be back to try more items and see if I'm treated equally when I come back!For this visit, I ordered the following:Corn Dogs = These were of course very good.  You can't really go wrong with corn dogs; especially deep fried ones.  Dish comes w/ only 3 peices.  A little shady.Sashimi Trio = All pieces tasted good and fresh.  It came w/ 3 slices of Ahi Seared Tuna, Yellow Tail, and Tuna.  The slices are SUPER SMALL; again a littly shady.  But it was good.Steamed Mussels = Portion was ok and the dish was tasty.Grill PB&J Sandwiches = simple, but the best dish out of the everything.  Definitely something to eat last because it's kind of like a dessert since it's sweet and comes w/ a tad bit of fruit.  I loved every bite of it.Another cool thing is that you can pay $24.99 a head for AYCE.  But add an extra $2 to some of the seafood items; not worth it.  If you do AYCE, stay away from any upgrades.Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (49/365).
3	I've only been here once because one of my colleagues recommended this place to me.I came here mainly because I wanted to try their rack of lambs; as I walked in, a lady immediately seated me and she offered the All You Can Eat for $24.99 (if I remember it correctly, but less than $29.99 for sure). Not a buffet, but I can order two items at a time and re-order as many times as I want.I tried their lambs, steamed mussels, short ribs, shrimps and scallop salsa, all in small portion (like the ones we get from French restaurants); mussels were way too small and a bit over cooked, short rib (only one small piece) was quite fatty but tender, the shrimp and scallop were way too sour for my taste, the best was their lamb! I ordered it twice, but they added $2 each time when I ordered the lamb because it was one of their "upgrade" manual.The waiter wasn't looking awake, no smile, every time he comes over I had a hard time listening to him and he is quite slow on getting what I needed. No one said "thank you" to me when I paid and left - bad service. Overall, not a bad place to chill if you were to eat with more people I guess; but my 3 stars only go to their rack of lambs, a must try!
1	Been here before and everything was so much worse this time. Last time we came as a party of 7 and tried everything off of the menu except two items. It was all exceptionally good. This time 9 out of our 12 dishes were over spiced (pepper), over seasoned (garlic) and over salted. No knives were given out. Desserts and unique cocktails taken off menu. Food took at least 15 minutes a plate to get to us which is atrocious in a tapas place with only 9 occupied tables. Waitress Galina rushed us through ordering and seemed annoyed we didn't know what we wanted immediately every time she came around. Didn't give us waters. No refills on the drinks we ordered either (which was horrible with over salted food). Gave us the bill without backstage pass pricing and no pen. Never got the pen to sign, or could pay with card, as she was too busy sitting with and flirting with these guys at another table to return to us. Waited 27 minutes for her and gave up and paid in cash because she never came. Seems like they can't do anything right here as we overheard the bartender apologize to other customers about some mishap. It's been over an hour and I'm burping salty garlic burps. Disgusting. Will not be returning, ever. It's incredibly clear now why this place is always empty. I doubt it will stay in business long. If you want good food, AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!!!
3	I really wanted to give JSmalls more than  three yummies.  Perhaps my experience is jaded because the best tapas restuarant in Las Vegas in just a block away.  Regardless. . .The food is good and at 24 for all you can eat a good deal.  I have eaten here twice and had a $50 food credit from the casino, otherwise I would not eat here. . .But why?  The food while tastey, lacks some originality.  For example, the serve mini corn dogs on a wooded trivet 4 in a serving. . There is something quirky about how they are served. . .they are simply mini corn dogs. . .but they are unimaginatively served with cheap yellow mustard and ketchup.  This could have been a winner with upscale condiments. . . another example. .  .Fried mac and cheese, who doesn't love that. . .it does not need to bee served on a roll like a burger. . .There are several flatbread pizzas good. but not overwhemingly so. . We likes most items just didn't love them. . .too many fried items. . .We will go back again when we get more casino credit and try to whittle our favorites down to four or five so we can return and be assured of a four or five yummies dining experience.  Service has not been overwhelming on ether visit, the friendliest employees are the hostesesses, the food servers on both occasions seemed bored with having to explain the process for ordering two items per person to start then one thereafter, , ,A few tweaks and this coul easily be a 4 or 5 yummy dining experience, especially for the reasonable price. . . .
4	Been to Hard Rock Hotel many times and for being so far off the strip they really don't have a lot of food options. So it was nice to see there was a new place  and they had an all you can eat Tapas for $24. I'm not a real big fan of all you can eat but this was somewhat different. There wasn't a long line or trays of  heat lamped food or fat guys reading books involved. This place  severs  tapas or small style appetizers for 3 or so people. Free flowing  lay out with a  bar running  down the side and low lite dining area to hide my gluttony . After looking at the menu and talking to the waiter ,the all you can handle option sounded the best. If you don't get the $24 deal , your really screwing yourself if you order more then three things. Prices for the tapas are from $7 to $13 . One of the stipulations is that everyone at the table has to order the all you can eat deal.So each person can order 2 items at a time and keep ordering until you explode . We picked the first 6 items then asked the waiter to choose for us , he did and the food piled up, HA. I'll list the items we got , chilli dogs, lettuce wraps, duck tostadas, cow western , corn dogs, mac and cheese flat bread, asada tacos, short ribs, small balls, chicken and waffles, Sashimi,Pulled pork sliders, and a few more I think, couldn't remember them all. All the food was really good! I expected it to be processed crap for being all you can eat . The tapas had great flavor combinations and tasty ingredients. There was only three of us but it would be a great place to go with a larger group of people.  Cool place, cool idea and next time I'm in Hard Rock I will go to this place again! Mr. Lucky's don't worry I will drag myself in to have my 4 am  meal.
5	I was pretty impressed with Johnny Smalls, my girlfriend and I were staying at the Hard Rock and we were going to go to a sushi place down the street, and the place had a 40+ minute wait. So we came back to the hotel and tried Johnny Smalls, BAM!1st off the Mac & Cheese Daddy, perfect. Perfectly perfect in all that is perfect, (ok not that perfect) it's flavor was amazing, but it had a great balance on fried, cheesy gooeyness that hit the spot. Corn dogs may have been the best corn dogs i've ever had. The batter was light and fluffy, but the dogs themselves had a perfect taste, snap, and juicyness to them. Chili dogs, same perfect taste and snap and juice level from the corn dogs, but add an amazing chili. Really flavorful, non greasy chili. CHICKEN AND WAFFLES! Being a California native, I'm always hesitant about infamous, CHICKEN AND WAFFLES! The waffles we're great, the batter had great flavor and they weren't soggy. The chicken wasn't too breaded, had a perfect crisp to them, wow I was really impressed. Asada tacos, not bad, they had a good flavor, but they just didn't shine like the previous dishes. Mighty Balls were another tasty dish, but once again they weren't the headliners in this show. The one thing that I couldn't stand, and I mean couldn't stand was the Risotto balls... ewwwwww. Definitely try this if you want a different vegas meal. Still all you can eat Vegas goodness just tastes better and in smaller proportions.
4	Love this place especially when I get it free. Tip- stay away from sandwiches/burgers they are usually on oversized pieces of bread. Corn-dogs and chili dogs are the exception. Meat balls, fish tacos, and pasta rapini are the bomb. But seriously..... Corn dogs are freakin delicious. Duck tosata is good. Chicken and Waffles are a huge portion but super edible. Also beware of the sweet potato tots, its like they give you 50 tots, its way too much. Flatbread pizzas are well made also.
4	Not the best tapas resto ever, but solid in some of their dishes.  The mac and cheese sliders were great!Def get the unlimited all you can eat instead of ordering dish by dish. You might not quite get that much as the tapas were portioned in all sizes.  Some were tiny and expensive others were huge and cheap and every combo inbetween.  Check the pictures and you might be able to get an idea of what's available.
3	We came here for all-you-can-eat tapas with a $40 dining credit from the hotel. First off-pulled pork sliders. Ew. Soooo nasty. I've tasted awesome barbecue (Lucille's) and this does not compare in the slightest. Next was the bruschetta. It was pretty good-the bread was nicely toasted with garlic right in it and the tomatoes and basil mixture was good as well. But the plate was really large and it filled me up fast.Finally, the spicy chicken sandwiches. I ordered the sauces on the side (because I'm really picky and don't like many sauces) so I can't speak for those however the sandwiches were good with some lettuce and tomato. The chicken breast was nice and crispy.My fiance had the three way salad. He said "one of them had old, wilty, red lettuce".Second was the corn dog which were "greasy but decent".Finally, the chicken and waffles. He didn't like it and thought it tasted like microwaved chicken wings with syrup and waffle fries thrown on top.To say the least, we were both glad it was free. The Diet Pepsi was good!
1	Being in all elements of the industry for quite awhile it's been years since I've written a zero as a tip. I also concede being a bar owner myself I feel uncomfortable with writing a negative revue on yelp but....I've been here about 4-5 times in the past year and I've always had amazing service sitting at the bar. As of tonight, 6-01-12, the service was absurdly bad. I don't blame the personality of the bartender, he seemed friendly enough, yet he was just not meant to be behind the bar. You can't take someone who just got their ABC bartending certificate and plop them behind the bar on a Friday night and expect good service. Hopefully they will get their shit together because the chef is pretty good and HRH is short on good, informal restaurants.
4	For the price... awesome deal. Food quality is not top notch but it is not horrible either. You have to know what to order, the beauty of it is though if you go with a few people and each order different things you get to try almost the whole menu. Which is great for locals because then you know what to order next time.Best Plates:Smalls Balls - risotto, short rib, parmesan, tuscan sauce --- my favorite dishMac & Cheese Daddy- fried mac & cheese patties (comes on bread, doesn't need it)Cow Western - bbq burger slidersLettuce Cups - shrimp, slaw, mango - server recommended and I enjoyedBacon Wrapped Dates - I didn't try but everyone else lovedCorn Dogs - another favorite of the tableAverage Plates:Chicken & Waffle Fries - not great, but OKShorty (braised short rib) - good flavor, could have been betterStay Away:Mac & Cheese Flatbread - horrible... no flavor and nothing added. just plain mac and cheese spread over a plain flat bread.Grilled PB & J - everyone seems to love this on Yelp... nobody in my group enjoyed. way overrated. was very bland and jelly is on side which makes it kind of difficultGreen Beans - this is what I would like to call a "GOTCHA DISH" at an AYCE. Sounds good till you order it and its a huge mound of fried green beans that nobody wants to look at let alone eat. These tasted good but not worth getting with other items available.Service was good and friendly... bartender was sloooooow when we first arrived and were waiting for rest of our group.
2	I should make it clear from the beginning that I had a hotel comp and didn't pay for the meal. If I had paid for the meal, I would be furious. So here it goes- my partner and I ordered 5 items to share: The sliders never came outThe braised short rib smelled and tasted foul. We each took a small bite and never touched it again. The breaded and fried green beans weren't horrible, but they weren't interesting either.  I'm not sure what the dipping sauce was trying to be. Also, I think the oil in the fryer needs to be changed.The flat bread took almost 30 minutes and was bland. The only dish I would recommend is the duck tostada- but even then I have to say the duck was so bland it might as well have been over cooked dark meat chicken.On the positive side- we ate at the bar, and aside from the sliders never coming out, the service was nice. The bartender was pleasant and quick with our drinks.
1	Came here 2 years ago: The hostess needs to be fired! First she ignored beause she was busy talking to a friend. When we finally got seated at the bar we waited 1 hr for our first food order to come! After one hour wait, each small tapas dish was still being prepared one at a time. We were starving! These are small tiny tapas dishes too! How long can it take to make a pbj sandwich. There is nothing spectacular about this pbj sandwich. It is a plain sandwich cut into a circle. The jack Daniel skewers were chewy. Food was lackluster! I think the alcohol has skewed everyone's reviews. The only saving grace was the bartender who at least felt bad that we waited so long and gave us a free drink. Never again!
3	I thought this place wasn't going to be good, so I was very surprised when I enjoyed every tapa they brought out.  We ordered a huge variety and they were all great.  While our server was slightly disappointing slow he did explain the menu pretty well.  I may go back.
5	THIS PLACE IS NOW CLOSED!My gf wanted to come here for her bday and we went there only to find a bunch of black tarp and then when I asked the front desk they said it was gone. =(
1	Plan on spending 100.00 per person to get full! Avoid @all cost!!! Not impressed AT ALL!
