5	I had the vegan pizza and tofu fries here today.  I also tried an almond joy veggiechino.  It was AMAZING.  This is my new go-to health food joint!
5	My new spot for delicious low carb meals and smoothies! I'm so glad they are finally open and conveniently located next to my gym. This is what they are giving us:Vegan/Vegetarians- Tofu fries, hummus, veggie burgers, smoothies, pizza, salads, soups etc. Gluten-free Groupies- For all the Crossfitters and others on the Gluten-free wagon they offer pizza crust, burger buns, etc. all Gluten-free! HCG Dieters- Yeah, all you crazy girls shooting yourself up with Lord knows what Greens and Proteins offers a meal replacement shake for you!Low-carb Heads- Yes, I'm one. For us, they can make any sandwich into a wrap. For everyone and their moms- They have a design your own meal option. Choose the protein (grilled, steamed or sauted) which includes low fat Ostrich, Bison, turkey, etc. Next you choose your veggie which range from asparagus, spinach, broccoli, etc. Next you choose grains- mashed sweet potatoes, cous cous, brown rice, low carb pasta, etc. Lastly you choose the sauce which is everything from peanut sauce, salad dressing to a pesto or bbq sauce. The combination choices are endless! The drink selection really turns me on. They offer several different unique smoothies and also some that combine healthy herbs and veggies with coffee I can't wait to try. The soda fountain has figure friendly Coke Zero, Light Lemonade and Sprite Zero. This is unheard of to have all of them! Next time you want to get your healthy on EAT HERE. Your body will thank me.
5	Came here after a reflexology session and I feel like my relaxation was extended! Had a smoothie and the grilled buffalo chicken strips. They were amazing. The smoothie was delicious! All of their food is healthy and from what I can tell, tasty! Will definitely be trying this place again! Thank you for bringing a clean "fast" food establishment to Vegas!
5	I love this place!  I stopped in today after a 90 minute bootcamp and grabbed a green smoothie - it was delicious and I love going somewhere where everything on the menu is yummy and good for you!  I will be back over and over again !!!!
4	Best thing here is the ginger something limeade (sorry forgot the name). I have gone there just about everyday to get a serving of this stuff. The first time I walked in, the workers were very nice and accomodating. My friend had the bison burger and I had the vegan pizza. Both were awesome of course. The tofu fries were what were really good. I had a watermelon smoothie at first but it just tasted like watered-down watermelon, if that's even possible. I ended up tasting my friends limeade and totally decided to buy another smoothie because that one was worth it. I talked to the owners and they were saying how they won't do wheat grass shots because their goal is to utilize every aspect of every vegetable and fruit. For example, they will emulsify an entire lime just to get the taste and nutrition from it. This is why some smoothies mention having the pit of the avocado. They literally put that stuff in a powerful blender and break it down until it's a liquid. Genius. This is the place to go if you have a friend that's vegetarian or vegan but you're a complete carnivore. The best of both worlds.
4	I dig the place I really do. I mean where else can you finally go with your health food waiting in the wings for you (mmm wings, damn eating healthy). Everything you need is here if you're trying to slim down, following Paleo, like eating healthy, or are in to getting more than just the typical bland smoothie. The setup is clean, the service is nothing short of excellent and I will definitely be going back. The only reason I couldn't give it five stars is because the portion sizes are always inconsistent. One visit I'll get a perfectly sized chicken breast or bison meat, the next time the meat is barely enough to qualify as a snack for a five year old at recess. Some type of uniformity here so I know whether to order extra meat or not would help.Regardless, the shakes are good and the food is delicious.  And the place is really a 4.5 it's just that this place has to be scored on a scale. When I eat at some places I think wow this food is amazing because A) the process to make was long and complex so I needed someone else to just make it B) it would be hard to find those ingredients to make it or C) it's something new that I have no idea how to make. This place doesn't apply to either of those criteria, its basic and you can make it yourself if you have the time and its going to taste exactly how you think its going to taste. (Chicken, asparagus and couscous - there's no surprise here you know what it's going to taste like but hey its good and if you want to stray away from basic the wraps and hamburger will do the trick). BUT this is not a knock on the place because I will be here every week attempting to counter the fried cheese bacon dough thingamajig I will probably have every weekend. And their juices and smoothies are actually different from what you'll find around town and actually have me feeling better after I down one so even if you hate eating healthy, their juice and smoothies are still worth the trip.
3	We stopped in today to have a nice lunch since a week in Vegas never really lends to healthy eating.  The decor and atmosphere of the place was quite nice.  I had a buffalo strip meal and my wife had the Asian chicken wrap on lettuce.  She really enjoyed the wrap but the buffalo strips were extremely small in portion and did not have much seasoning.  The price was extremely high for the amount of food that was given.  All and all, a nice place for a quick and healthy lunch.
3	Food was good but tiny tiny portions. It was like 10 bucks for a small chicken breast, rice and greens. I would go back cause its healthy and right next to the gym in the same shopping center. I will try a bison burger next time. They just opened but so far so good
1	Margarita pizza  was like out of a box from grocery sauce. The tofu fries tasted weird . The hummus was not authentic . The smoothies were watered down all I can taste was the powder or syrup they used to blended . The chicken breast that my sister got was sooo small it looked like it was for a 6 year old child not an adult. It was very over priced for juice bar food we spend almost $50 for the both if us for lunch&  the funny thing we were still hungry the portion are really small. We really want it to like this new place, but it's not for us.
1	Just spent 24.00 here on a small pizza and tuna salad made from can tuna  cafeteria food at best. They gave my salad away to someone else while my pizza died a slow death sitting on the counter for 20 minutes. Then to get a 13.00  tuna salad made from the can.  Don't waste your money or time on this place. I'm a local and try to support local business, very disappointed. Ambience is great but I can't eat Ambience. I'm there for the food.
4	good fresh food.  they lost a star cause i ordered the grilled veggie pizza but they gave me a greek pizza which they told me was the grilled veggie.  (sorry but the feta and olives weren't supposed to be on it then)  but either way it was super tasty so I didn't mind.  Everything seemed really fresh and was quite tasty.
4	Have been here a few times right when it opened, so maybe my opinion isn't the best one to go off of.  Regardless, I had a couple different veggie smoothies, and I liked them both.  The Wellness Smoothie is just what the doctor ordered, and then I had a one time creation from Shane, with watermelon rind in it, which I also loved.  I haven't tried the food yet, but am actually excited to see what they have to offer.  This is a great place if you are looking to add some fiber to your juice routine, which sometimes, I am!
5	I was skeptical before coming here today but I was extremely presently surprised!!  My party ordered a few items and shared -- the hummus appetizer, greek pizza, bison burger with jicama fries, a veggie wrap and apple pie smoothie.  We were very happy and satisfied! The service was fast, attentive, the quality was great and the food was cooked just as specified. I'll be coming back soon!
4	I had the chicken sausage pizza and it was excellent. I see other reviews not liking the portion size. I on the other hand thought it was just right. If I want a piece of cardboard with imitation cheese and sausage made out of who knows what for 10 bucks there's plenty of options. I'm a firm believer in you get what you pay for. I'm on a quasi macrobiotic diet so it has plenty of options for me. The layout is very clean and the service was prompt. I'll be back for more.
4	A quick stop over at Greens and Proteins left my stomach smiling, without feeling the need to rock the elastic sweatpants around the gut afterward.One highlight of the menu here is the option to build your meal to your specs, starting with your greens, protein, grains, and choice of sauce - All of the components for a full and balanced meal, with you knowing everything that went into it.For my order, I went with a vegan burger, topped with avocado (costs extra), and a side of tofu fries. The burger was delicious and flavored to perfection. The baked tofu fries were insanely good too. I left the restaurant wishing that more places offered this as a side. Don't fret, carnivores. There are plenty of great meat options for you too.If you're looking for a casual stop for a bite to eat, without the worry of having to loosen your belt a few notches after. Greens and Proteins is the right place to be. I just wish there were more places like this around the valley for the more health conscious eater.
5	I went back to the restaurant to give it another chance , this time I went there with my boyfriend the service was great and the food this time was EXCELLENT I loved my salad & my boyfriend loved the burger & the humus we will absolutely come back yum.
5	This was my fourth time at greens and proteins this morning and everything always been amazing,So good even, my bf and i even went there 3 mornings in the row for their amazing smoothies and shakes.They are very healthy with a lot of veggies hidden in them but they taste so good and decadent. Way better than the whole food smoothies.We also ate lunch there once and everything was outstanding.Plus they have an amazingly refreshing complimentary cucumber/lemon water!They offer a great choice of diet drink and freshly brewed iced teas.The place is very clean and spacious, Everything is made fresh to order.This is the list of what we had so far:-chocolate banana avocado peanut shake (taste so decadent)-apple pie shake (the spices are a very nice touch)-banana split tofu smoothie (taste like the real thing!)-green leaf berry blast smoothie (just a very good berry smoothie)-green shake (very good balance of flavors)-green ginger limeade (very refreshing)(Thanks for the stamp card! Buy ten shakes get one free!)-margharita pizza with fresh basil and low fat mozzarella (so yummy)-seared ahi Tina combo with steamed spinach, quinoa and lemon dressing (perfect)I can't wait to go back there tonight for dinner!
5	What an interesting place!  The feel of the restaurant is young and hip and the vibrant green of the decor makes the place feel fun and eclectic.  This is my first time here even though I often go next door and hit up Starbucks.  The menu is rather large and it will take you minute to read everything over.  They are gluten-free, vegan, vegetarian, and low-carb friendly place that offers a nice selection of soups, salads, burgers, 9" pizzas, smoothies, sandwiches/wraps and a choice to even create your own meal.  After pondering what to eat I decided on a burger.  What is more classic than a burger and if they could make it right then I would be encouraged to try more off the menu. I ordered the buffalo burger done to a medium (they also have ostrich which I have never had) and tofu fries.  There is also an option for the jicama fries.  I was told the jicama fries are fry-shaped pieces of jicama tossed in a dressing.  I shied away from the jicama because I have not had it before personally but I did hear they are good.  The tofu fries are firm tofu tossed in rice flow and fried.  They are delicious!  The burger can come on a wheat or gluten-free bun or as a wrap. I chose the wheat bun and got Swiss cheese on my burger.  The burger itself is massive stacked with a thick patty, lettuce, tomato and onion!  I can barely fit it in my mouth!  The bread to meat ratio for the burger is perfect.  I took a bite and the burger is done exactly right (medium), juicy and tender.  For my buffalo burger, tofu fries, pickle and a soda cost me a little over $14 including tax.  A good price for a nice buffalo burger.  Also their soda machine dispenses small ice pellets.  This is an important point to make for my fellow ice munchers! The place is WiFi ready but you will have to ask for the passkey to access the network. When I asked the staff about power access they did not know but I was able to speak to Jeff, one of the owners, and he was able to show me where to plug in.  For those needing a place to work there are a TON of plugs (long power strips) under the bench along the back wall of the restaurant. Just a little looking and you will see them.       If you are looking for a nice place to grab a healthy bite to eat (even with your GF, Vegan or Uber-health conscious friends)  then look no further than the Greens and Proteins!
5	Greens and proteins still a major 5 stars!!!The angus burger with tofu fries was amazing, huge high quality patie, amazing whole wheat bun, fresh crisp veggies, gourmet cheese... just a very very good burger at a very good price! The tofu fries were a very nice touch, perfectly cooked, crispy on the outside and silky on the inside with a very good seasoning.The Greek pizza on pita bread is such an amazing combination of Mediterranean flavors, all the ingredients are sooo fresh and work exceptionally well together, a must try!!!The watermelon and strawberry juice was outstanding, deliciously refreshing with just a touch of agave nectar to enhance the delicious natural flavors! Yum!Greens and proteins is THE place if ou want to eat delicious and healthy, freshly made to order meals at a very friendly price.Number 1 place in henderson for healthy dining packed with flavors!
4	Bison Cheese Wrap - splurging wihtout feeling guilt and I'm all for it.  Tofu fries are a bit bleh but at least I won't feel guilty chomping down fries.  The place is pretty cool and defintely has a lot of options.  A bit pricey but well worth it.Quick tip - don't get a Caesar salad, not that special and you can get that at quiznos and it would taste the same.
5	I'm still in love with this place!  I have now tried quite a few things on the menu, and I have never been disappointed.  Two years ago, I lost 150 pounds and I am maintaining that loss.  It's hard to find places to eat out that support my goals, but Greens and Proteins gives me lots of options.  Instead of just choosing a boring salad anywhere else, I can eat anything on the menu and not feel guilty afterwards.
4	This place is really cute.  Bright fresh colors, and bright fresh food.  There are nice gurgling waterfalls cascading down the back walls; however, they are unfortunately masked by the football blaring on the t.v.s?!Regardless, I had a smoothie.  My smoothie was a whopping $8.00!  I understand the price because it had everything and the kitchen sink blended into it: squash, kale, avocado, berries, almond milk and so on.  You would definitely want to consider these smoothies a meal replacement.  That said, it was extremely tasty.  Just be ready to pay!Everyone I dined with was pleased with their food.  They said it was flavorful and fresh.  A good place for a light lunch or a post workout refresher.
2	After eating at G and P, I had to come back here and check that my memory was correct, and I really had read glowing reviews. Unfortunately, I can't agree. Way too much salt ruined a salad that was totally uninspired, hummus pretty ordinary, turkey burger a bit gray. Service slow and 3 food items came out at different times for two people sharing. And I got news for you yelpers, if you deep fry tofu, it's no longer healthy! So I guess it's about expectations, but this place did not meet my expectations of what a vegan/vegetarian friendly restaurant would offer.
4	Very impressed by the quality, taste, and portion size of their Bison wrap sandwich. (Excited to try the Ostrich wrap next time.) The Tofu Fries were a fun and tasty alternative to french fried potatoes. Again, really generous portion. Every juice and smoothie I've had has been really good - I would suggest asking the juice-maker on staff which one she/he recommends based on your likes and dislikes. They will suggest one and dial it in for you. The food may be a dollar or two more than a comparable cafe-style restaurant, but you truly get it back in terms of portion size and quality. It takes one visit to realize this.And, the staff actually looks healthy here. That says a lot!Wish I lived closer. Will definitely eat here next time I'm at Eastern/215 for the Cars & Coffee car meetup on Saturdays.FYI, there seem to be 'green' health cafe imitators popping up around the Valley. Try Greens and Proteins first - this place is the real deal. Greens and Proteins reminds me of R Thomas in Atlanta (a 24hr health food cafe) and that is a compliment. Also, there is free Wi-fi here, and I noticed power outlets all along the back booths (like over 40 outlets in a row) so this would be a great alternative to a coffee shop if you need to hunker down and get some laptop work done.
4	So nice to have a place in the Vegas area that is consistently tasty and healthy! Love their salads.
4	With this new year, my resolution was to not let my love of food and trying new places be the reason for weight gain. Greens and Proteins was the perfect afternoon snack/meal for my in between spa, errands, and gym session. It would make sense that this health conscience business would be located in front of the LVAC. The  feel of the establishment is open and chill. The waterfall fountain and plants mounted to the wall gives the place some life.Now, on to the food. I heard about this healthy pizza notion through a past Yelp event. Curious whether a good pizza could be delicious and low calorie, I stopped in for lunch. Although nothing struck my fancy at first, I ordered the Greek Pizza ($8.99) and sat down to wait for my food. I asked for a cup for water since I saw they had infused water for guests. A faint taste of cucumbers and lemon was refreshing after sweating it out in a hotbed. When my food came out, I was doubting my decision. The crust looked cracker like. After a bite, it was not a disappointment. The thin slices of cucumbers contrasted well with the tomatoes. While the feta and kalamata olives gave bold flavors to an otherwise mellow pie. My pizza was less than 400 calories and satisfying. Instead of leaving here stuffed, it was a nice change of pace. For those lighter days, I would suggest G&P. If I was ravenous, it would probably be a different story.
4	I'm always thrilled when a new vegan-friendly place opens, and G&P does not disappoint! I got to try out their vegan pizza and some of their smoothies at a yelp event, and loved them all!  The peanut butter chocolate smoothie is crazy rich and sweet and would make a great dessert -- but it's still full of fruits and veggies! How do they do it?  I totally dug the vegan pizza - lavash crust with plenty of Daiya plus roasted peppers, kalamata olives and basil. I returned for a wellness shake (green veggies magically blended with ginger and other delicious items) that felt healthy but  tasted like a treat.For lunch today, I tried the vegan burger with tofu fries.  I love these tofu fries!! They are actually more like vegan chikin fingers? nice-sized slabs of 'fu coated in a light batter, deep-fried and sprinkled w/ paprika.  I added a bit of salt and hot sauce, then they were perfect!  The burger comes on a whole wheat bun, but has no condiments.  They need some Vegenaise up in there, stat.  The burger was quite tasty and I left full and happy for ~$10 including tax and tip.The juices are a bit pricy (~$7), but not so bad if you use them as a meal replacement.  Also you can check in on the Yelp app for iPhone and get $1 off juices and smoothies!As a bonus for dine-in guests, they have DELICIOUS water. I'm not crazy! They make a sort of agua fresca with cucumbers and lemons, and it is damn good and so refreshing! Perfect for washing down your healthy items.
5	Had an issue and yelped about it previously. The owners fixed the problem immediately and were super friendly.  I LOVED the gluten free vegan pizza, hard to find and it was delish. Place was spotless and relaxing. YUM.
4	For once I was not feeling guilty about eating out. They have a good selection and really live up to their name. I had the california chicken wrap and chose a lettuce wrap instead of wheat. The dipping sauce it came with was very good. I do think that the wrap could have been seasoned better. For the side, the choice was between tofu fries and jicama sticks. I chose the tofu fries and quite liked them. Also tasted the jicama a friend had chosen and it was good too.And their water is infused with cucumber and lemon and is YUM!Everyone liked their food. I believe the 'wellness' drink was great and tasted amazing.Everything from salmon to greek pizza looked so healthy and tasted great.
4	One aspect I really enjoy about restaurants is when they are immaculately clean. Everything was spotless and organized. There are plenty of seats outside the patio if the weather is nice, & inside it's very spacious, with trendy tables, a nice wall backdrop with running water, & several televisions. Service is alright. Nothing going beyond the means of customer service & nothing that's bad either.If you are anyone who is a raw foodie, don't expect this place to state it uses USDA Organic certified items just because it's named 'Greens and Proteins' (that's a question I'm going to ask the next time I'm in!) The menu is definitely a little more healthier than your fast-food alternatives, with wraps, pizza, sandwiches, salads, smoothies, juices, the works. The pricing was what got me, since I could get a green smoothie at Whole Foods for about .50 cents less than here (one that is a lot less sweeter). I purchased the vegetable wrap & the green smoothie, all of which came out to $20 (definitely not cheap, as most health-alternative restaurants aren't). I was pleasantly surprised how delicious the green smoothie turned out! While $7.50 is a little much, at the same time it was in a cup that was generous in size for its price. It was very sweet (from the agave nectar & stevia), nothing like the green smoothies from Whole Foods which are a little more on the less sweeter end. I was even more impressed by the vegetable wrap, for it was a filling size (had to take the other portion to-go) & it came with these tofu-like fries with seasoning & a dip sauce on the side that was amazing! Walking in, I was a little questionable about this place, even more so by the price, but after tasting it for myself, it's actually quite good here. I debated giving it three stars, but I was reminded by my green smoothie it's definitely a place I'd like to return to when I'm in the neighborhood craving a healthy alternative to other restaurants surrounding them!
5	Decided to try this spot for dinner after the gym last week. The "create your own" meal lets you select a protein, starch, veggie and sauce from a fairly extensive list. The food was well cooked, healthy (steamed, not fried...when applicable), and the sauce was fantastic. I love a menu with good vegan/vegetarian food and options! It was fairly priced, the staff was helpful and the place was clean. My only quasi-negative is they seem to be a little slow for takeout. However, this is probably them still getting up to speed. Nice plus = complementary water flavored with citrus and cucumber. It was a nice touch.
5	Love this place!! This is exactly what we need. Healthy fast food!!
5	I freaking love this place ! Healthy food that TASTES good ? Yes please! My favorite drink is the "wellness drink". It costs a small fortune ($7.50), but is worth every penny because it's loaded with quality ingredients and tastes amazing. My favorite dinner is the bison philly cheese steak wrap! YUM. It's so cheesy and delicious and I love that it's made with bison instead of beef. The jicama fries are only so-so, and I don't do tofu so I would love to see them offer some more interesting sides, but I'm just being bratty..The pizzas are yummy, low calorie, and relatively low carb. A place where vegans, and low carb carnivores can co-exist in happiness!
5	I come here sometimes after working out at the LVAC on 215 & Eastern. I really like their Bison w/ spinach wrap cheesesteak & grilled buffalo chicken strips. If you're not Into eating meat, their grilled veggie wrap is also quite flavorful. The raw jicama fries was my favorite. I also like their tofu fries too. They have really good veggie infused drinks. I really like the clean, modern spacious look of the restaurant. The service is excellent. The guy at the counter was really friendly & was eager to help you decide on what to order. I love restaurants like this. They even have a stamp card for repeat customers. I will definitely be using it.
5	Had the custom meal and tried the chicken, asparagus and quinoa with the pine nut pesto. For all the pesto lovers the sauce was delicious!!! I also tried the watermelon and strawberry cocktail which was also great. Best part is that you can customize based on what you like. All in all great healthy place to try.
5	This place is aswome, great casual spot with really healthy and tasty food!  Great vibe--one of the proprietors, Jeff, even visited our table to see how we were doing and regaled us with interesting stories of his youth.
5	Recall. I once wrote that LVAC had the best smoothies in town. Granted, Greens and Proteins wasn't open at that time. But its smoothies are much, much better (and a few more dollars) than my old favorite. Greens and Proteins uses the real estate that LVAC fills with frozen yogurt and replaces it with fresh kale, grapes, almond milk, avocado, chia seeds, flax seed, agave nectar and collard greens. Can you imagine what these ingredients do for your bowels, Yelpers? They do magic. That's what they do. Magic.The cucumber and lemon infused water washes away any bad feelings I could have had about the price. Other salves related to pricing: $1 check in offer on Yelp; buy 10 smoothies, get one free; the opportunity to earn the Carrot Top badge.The flavor of the Green Ginger Limeade juice competes (and almost surpasses) the flavor of the smoothies, yet carries only 129 calories. Again, magic. As an aside, the bench seat is unusually soft. I could sit there for hours and work on free wi-fi. Word to my girls, Blair B. and Jen F., whose reviews attracted me to this lovely spot so close to my--still--favorite gym.
5	I saw this place by chance when I went to breakfast yesterday nearby, and the name -- and Yelp reviews -- convinced me I had to check it out.  My post-workout lunch today was amazing: I started with the Green Ginger Limeade, and then put together a build-your-own plate of turkey breast, kale, caramelized onions and a side of sweet potato mash.  The meal was lightly but perfectly seasoned; it didn't even need the balsamic reduction sauce (but that was pretty tasty, too).  I will definitely be back!
3	This place is good, I thought it was completely vegan but they did have some items on the menu with meat. The place was crowded, and they offered a lot of juices and blended drinks! We ordered the chocolate/vegetable drink, which was amazing. We also ordered the vegan pizza, veggie burger, and hummus & pita. The food was ok, kind of what we could order at whole foods. I prefer Veggie Grill in California for the food better.  It was really pricey too, for 2 drinks, 2 entrees, and an appetizer, it came out to $50.
3	I try to eat healthy, I do, so I checked out G&P to see if it lives up to the hype.  I had dinner here on Monday night with a vegan friend and it certainly has that SoCal, clean and green vibe going on.  The staff is super friendly and greeted us warmly as we perused the menu.  I'd already looked it up online prior to arriving and I just cannot believe their smoothies and wellness drinks cost so much!  You need a healthy wallet to drink healthy there!  Even with a Yelp check-in that gives you a $1 off, I still could not justify spending even $6.50 for a smoothie.  So, I went with the turkey club in a wheat wrap with tofu fries.  The wrap was great and the tofu fries were...interesting.  I just kept wishing they were real fries, but I did say I TRY to eat healthy.  My friend had the vegan pizza and she loved hers, but she also is a regular customer and has a much healthier wallet than I do.  I find it interesting that this joint which promotes health and wellness also advertises that it has an HCG-friendly menu--isn't HCG unsafe, illegal, and not approved by the FDA?  Anyway, overall, if you're vegan, vegetarian, or want to take a walk on the healthier side, come to Greens and Proteins.  They certainly live up to their name!
5	First time here definitely not the last time! It's the best vege food I've had since coming to LV!
3	I came here in the later afternoon to have a smoothie with some friends.  I've been here once before and had an OK experience.  Today was the same.  Today I decided to just get the Loaded Antioxidant Chiller for $5.99.  It had green grapes, blueberries, beets, pomegranate, agave nectar and ice.  To me, it was a little too sour for my taste buds.  There were a lot of seeds and kind of got irritating after a while.  A friend of mine had the wellness drink so I tried that too.  I found that it was more of my "speed."  Lots of greens and grass, etc.  What I really appreciate is that this place is clean.  The colors are simple and crisp.  Combined with the food, you just feel like your body and mind is cleansed when you're done.  If you're ever in the mood for a healthy meal, go and try this place out.
5	I am visiting from out of town.  I had heard about Greens and Proteins from friends.  I was very impressed with the decor, the staff was helpful and knowledgeable, and most importantly the food was fantastic.  I ordered a sample of items.  I started with a green mixture called the Wellness Drink.  Considering the host of healthy ingredients, I was impressed how great the drink tasted.The Thai Chicken Satay was cooked perfectly.  The peanut sauce an excellent compliment.  These skewers rivaled the best Thai restaurants!My wife had the Teriyaki Chicken wrap.  The tofu fries are a must have.I plan to go by for another sample tomorrow!!!
4	Healthy doesn't have to be Bland.....Greens and Proteins is just waiting to explode into locations all over the place.  It is as marketable as a snow day when you're ten, and healthier than a visit to the gym (with less no-neck tools grunting too)The interior is serene and beautiful, with waterfalls on the walls, grass-green accents around the room, and a few big screens; Greens and Proteins is a smoothie made of Whitman's Leaves of Grass poetry, modern chic, and conscious eating.  Trying to stay on your diet plan for that summer body?  The items on the menu have their calorie count posted, so you can tell just how many miles it would take to burn off lunch.  If you don't care about that sort of thing, the food is still quite delicious.I enjoyed the teriyaki chicken wrap w/ jicama "fries,"  and a smoothie that had pretty much everything in the garden in it.  I can't recall the name, but it was green and wonderful.  I live pretty far from here, but luckily the nice woman at the register told me that a new location could be opening in Summerlin sometime soon.  In the meantime, I'll make the trek for something nourishing, tasty, and satisfying, it's certainly worth the drive.
5	Love that we have a place like this on MY side of town! Very delicious good food! My new spot! I like the vibe, though it was strange to hear country music on (and a little too loud outside) and at a good volume (inside). It's a really fascinating concept. Just wish they had bike racks (but, that might be more of a Vegas problem...) I'll definitely be back again!
5	Great menu choices, healthy ones at that! The Wellness Drink is the best greens drink I ever had but all of the drinks are great. The build-your-own with bison patty and spicy peanut sauce is my favorite but the seared ahi is also excellent.
3	The fact that this place has vegan options that are clearly marked (most restaurants have vegan options but they may not be obvious on the menu) makes this restaurant above average, but the high prices and odd menu (bison burger? gross!) bring it down a couple notches. Try the smoothies, they're great. The vegan pizza is good and the soup is delish! Garden burger is fine. What's really nice though is how the vegan-ness and calorie count are clearly displayed.PS - Outdoor seating is available. They don't have any high chairs or small kid's portions so it's not particularly kid-friendly.
4	Ordered the Bison Burger to go. Definitely an interesting healthy menu I'd like to come try again, especially the Ostrich Burger, even though it's pretty heavy on your wallet, $14.99. But I heard ostrich is pricey.Jicama fries that comes with the burgers are very interesting. Not french fries, far from it. It's more like seasoned radish slices. That's definitely a healthy substitute... definitely not as yummy as french fries. A+ for effort, though. Many items for people who are on that HCG diet, too.Free Wi-Fi inside and the decor is very modern and hip. The place looked very clean and orderly. There were lots of take-out orders going out, so lots of people seem to like this place. Always a good sign...I'll definitely come back here. I think you get a check-in discount on their smoothies, so I'll come back for those and more healthy eats!
1	The soup came out cold and it had nothing in it
5	I love Greens and Proteins and if it were not so far away I would live here and never cook again.  They make juices the hide the herbaceous nature of veggies. They have Wifi so you can camp out here and it is a great meeting spot if you are on the Henderson side of town.  I also love their indoor garden.
4	This place is located near my house so it is a  plus having a place you can grab "fast food" when you're not feeling like cooking, and not having to worry about plaque building up in your arteries as you are consuming your oh so delicious lard. The place is located in a very high traffic plaza and it can get pretty packed during lunch. Inside of the restaurant is very well done. The interior has a very sleek, modern and clean look. The menu is fairly simple, and the calories are added next to each item on the menu (major bonus). The staff was fairly friendly albeit a bit rushed even though it was not very busy on that particular day. I opted for the Teriyaki Grilled Chicken wrap with a side of Jicama fries. Everything was very delicious.  The less calories conscious boyfriend opted for Turkey BLT wrap with tofu fries. The wrap was just ok. It needed some sort of a light sauce or marinade  to infuse the exceedingly dry turkey. This would be a forgivable,  if this wrap was not $10.99. He ended up finishing my wrap of which he was a huge fan. I absolutely LOVED the tofu fries. SO good! The lunch was not cheap, but that is expected at a place that serves healthier options, and by nature of the business incur higher direct and indirect costs. Also, by choosing this particular location to open shop, the business has found its niche. Let's hope for the best. I will be back for sure, just not sure when or how frequently.
4	The options are so good. I loved my green shake and my burger. Eating with out feeling guilty and doing my body good. What more can anyone say ?
3	This place has definitely lost a couple of stars.  If I wasn't a fan and didn't really, really wanna like this place, it would have lost even more.  I still appreciate what they do, but the quality is slippling. The last few visits have been a nightmare.  My fiance and I used to visit several times a week to get pizzas.  The last two times, the pizzas have been inedibly burned on the bottom.  One time, it took so long that we were given a complimentary drink.  The last time we visited, my fiance and I ordered the exact same thing but I got my pizza literally TWENTY MINUTES before he got his.  I really think they forgot to make it, because when I asked the person who brought me my food about it, he scrambled into the kitchen and the workers suddenly hopped-to.  There was nothing resembling an apology either.  Also, the last time I got a Wellness Drink (my favorite), it was still chunky and wouldn't fit through the straw.  Eww.  I didn't notice until I left or I would have sent it back.  The Wellness Drink is SOOOO expensive, but I don't really mind... that is, if the quality matches the price.A note to the owners of this place (because I've talked to you and I KNOW you read this):  Just because you get busy doesn't mean you can let the quality become inconsistent.  It's great to have an increased sales volume, but customer loyalty is important too.  I haven't recommended this to a friend for a while because, frankly, I'm not sure if it's going to be a good G&P day or a bad G&P day anymore.I haven't been to G&P for a while.  I'm not really itching to return anytime soon either.
2	This place has the potential to be good, however, they keep coming up short.  I agree with some other comments about the staff.  This place does not have a staff on the A game.  C to D at best.To have trust and faith in a place, it really needs to start with the person taking the order to hit the right keys and input your order correctly.  It's not rocket science and no one is being rushed, so to get your order wrong is just a sign of incompetence.  We have been here 3 times now and have had bad experiences.  The first bad experience was the wrong smoothies being made.  The second time, the smoothies were not made properly.  We got close to what we ordered, but the people just seem to be too inexperienced.  Now the third time, they advertise to be HCG and Vegan friendly, however, the chef and owner are not Vegans, and have not read a Vegan cook book.  Hint, hint, maybe will help becoming more familiar with what you are advertising.  This place is still kind of new, but you should have a clue before you make a claim and advertise that you are friendly to people's needs.Again, the order was put in wrong at the register which cause the entire experience to go nowhere but down, which is sad.  This place has a LOT OF POTENTIAL, as I said in the beginning and I would love to see this place succeed if the owners and chef have the ability to tighten up their ship and get things right.  With all the holes in their staff, which leads to bad experiences by customers, ships full of holes only go in be direction, down.....as of now, I cannot give this place any more then 2 stars.  We will probably give hem one last chance before we write them off completely, I just hope they stay in business long enough for this to happen.
4	Located in the Southeast corner of Las Vegas, but easily accessible via a short drive on highway 215 from Las Vegas Boulevard, Greens and Proteins offers fresh vegan and vegetarian meal options to the hungry health food masses of Las Vegas.  Hipsters, the health conscious, aging hippies, Thunder From Down Under and Centerfold types, along with your average Joe lined up for smoothies, vegan pizzas and wraps on our visit.Situated between, ironically enough, between a candy/bakery store and Starbucks, the counter staff was friendly and personable and all of the items ordered, including a vegan garden burger, hummus with pita, Thai ginger soup and tofu fries were well prepared.For those ordering smoothie drinks, Greens and Proteins has a frequent visitor punch card.
2	Drive by this place all the time.. decided to check it out today!I ordered take out for lunch for my husband and I. I asked the girl at the register what she recommended and/or the most popular dish, she didn't have much to say except asking me what I was hungry for..  I wanted to know what there top seller was, no answer. At that point another woman interjected and took over my order. For my husband, I ordered the Turkey Club as a wrap. For myself, I ordered the Grilled Vegetable wrap. I mentioned I eat a lot of grilled vegetable sandwiches, which she replied but you haven't had ours .... I did have it today, and will not be ordering it again. The wrap was soggy.. not much flavor to the vegetables that were not crunchy but overcooked. The beans were tasty along with the cilantro pesto, however there was only a dab or two put on it. For the sides, with a choice between tofu fries or jicama, I went with something different, tofu fries... different indeed.. I love tofu, but these were shaped like fish sticks and had the seasoning and taste of fish sticks you had as a child (not pleasant)Next time, I'll go for the jicama. The woman that took my order, did say the sauce that you dip them in is good, and yes it was... I ended up putting it on my bland grilled veg. wrap. I also ordered the Thai Ginger soup, which I was told was made from scratch. It was flavorful, but could have used some salt to bring out the flavor more.. A little thick for a hot afternoon. I tasted my husbands Turkey Club and it was tasty. Maybe I'll order that the next time. The service was nice and friendly.. I will go back and give it another try... For a first time experience,  today's meal proved to me that if it good for you, then it doesn't taste good.
5	I love love this place.  One of the best really healthy restaurants I have found.  Their smoothies are amazing and have only ingredients that you can actually pronounce, no funny powders, just real food.  I love the lettuce they use to wrap the wraps and burgers if you opt for no bun.  The bison is super tasty.  This place is the best.
5	Either I've had a stroke or the food here is good enough to quell my fears of vegan food. No, I would not consider any part of my diet to be vegan-friendly, however G&P makes the transition into vegan dining a tasty and judgement free venture!The setting is very modern-bright, clean lines and a cool planter along the wall facing the counter with a built in watering system. It adds another element of cool when the water turns on to feed the plants. There are a couple of TVs against the back wall, which kind of don't fit into the zen feeling of the place yet...they don't feel out of place if that makes sense. Maybe I'm just used to dining in places that have TVs which I don't  know if that's a good or bad thing.I judge an establishment, if given the opportunity, on their Caesar salad. It's a menu staple that so many places get wrong but G&P doesn't and their dressing is egg and sardine free. I was really ready to be disappointed with the salad- I mean you don't leave out two classic elements of the dressing and not have outrage-but the dressing was surprisingly creamy and so flavorful. It was one of the best I've ever had. What I really loved was the parmesan croutons. Again, another element of the salad that could go wrong, G&P put a fun and creative twist on with delicious results!What I've had most frequently here is the green shake which is made with kale, almond (or soy) milk, apples, and some other fruits (check out their helpful menu for more info....), which is blended into a refreshing shake that's perfect for summer. I'm not into the whole smoothie as a meal replacement deal, but a couple of times after my evening yoga class got out, I've popped over for this shake and skipped dinner. It's pretty filling and all of the right flavors are there. Also on their menu is a variety of pizzas with alternative crust options, burgers and appetizers all in vegan and non-vegan options. I introduced a friend to this place and she was really excited that they had gluten free pizza crust which also didn't taste like cardboard. I guess that's hard to come by, so she told me I owed them one star alone just for that!What I like most is that the restaurant offers a variety of food-vegan and non-vegan- in a non-judgy environment. The food is quality and it's a great option if you're looking to meet somewhere with your vegan friend(s) without compromising. This is also a safe place to venture into vegan cuisine without feeling like you're missing anything-the quantity and flavor are all there! It is a bit pricey, but what places in this area aren't?G&P is a great place for all three meals or those in between ones that you get around to when life happens and lunch doesn't. The staff is nice, the establishment is clean and the concept great!
5	5 stars for the food: It is healthy and very very good which is damn near impossible to find. So yea! 5 stars for food. Although if they got organic meat that would be freak-en amazing but whatev its still tasty & healthy that magical combination. I have been here at least 10 times so 3 Stars for counter help. They are not to friendly or helpful and I was charged more than what the menu states on a couple of occasions.
4	I dined here when they first opened and thought it was simply mediocre, food wise. But organization and the overall restaurant decor wasn't too great. I'm happy to say that things have certainly changed now. The food is good, drinks are great, and restaurant has grown into something special. Most people complain about price, and yes, it's not cheap. But I'd rather pay $2-3 more for a meal and get something that tastes fresh and made with organic/quality ingrediants.
4	My husband came here and picked up some food for us to go. He ordered me the California Grilled Chicken Wrap with tofu fries. He got the Bison burger with the raw jicama fries (I think that's what they were?). Mine was so yummy and that was the first time I ever tried tofu fries. They were seasoned so well. The wrap was delicious as well. It was a little bit dry but overall it had great flavor. My husband's bison burger was probably the best thing out of both of ours. It was so yummy and juicy. I wish I got his burger instead, lol. I wasn't a fan of the raw jicama fries. They had a good seasoning on them but I did not care for them. I cannot comment on how the service was or what the decor looked like because he took it to go. We will definitely be back to try some other items on the menu.
5	If you have not tried this place yet, please do.Their juices are awesome and so is their food.
4	I had a green shake and left pleasantly surprised. Slightly on the high side for prices, but fresh and good. I will return
5	This place is amazing! The food is super tasty, lean and healthy. I love that it shows how many calories are in each food. Price is reasonable.
5	I've given up my days of decadent crap eating and while stuck in Henderson, decided to opt for a healthy lunch on the fly.I've seen friends check-in at Green & Proteins and headed over. The layout is open and there are these retro-esque bright green chairs surrrounded by white tables.I was greated immediately and asked if I had any questions. I love that I didn't have to search for calories, everything was listed out in the open. For those of you thinking this is just a vegan/veggie place don't be mistaken. There are meat options, including ostrich, pork tenderloin, filet mignon.They even offer "raw" food. I opted for this, I got the mock chicken lettuce wraps. OMMFG... divine. Simple, clean, and a unique, delicate taste. They even have a menu for the HCG diet. Crazy!I hate that they're located far, far away. I am a huge fan and I will make sure to visit whenever I'm in Hendertucky! I can't wait to give this place another round. Please open a location in Summerlin soon. We'd love to see a G&P!
5	Easy way for the average busy body to still eat clean without having to cook at home. Awesome selections!
3	The concept excited me. Healthier, lower calorie vegan//vegetarian options served alongside healthier, lower calorie meaty options - a place I could go with my meat-eater friends and not feel jipped. The above concept is really all that was exciting for me at Greens and Protein. Unfortunately, the food was rather bland. I ordered the plate with tofu (protein), asparagus (green) and quinoa. The quinoa tasted literally like quinoa. No seasoning, nothing. Likewise, the asparagus failed to incite even a slight quiver in my taste buds. The tofu was passable - but I'll eat tofu made any way. My husband ordered the raw mock chicken lettuce cups. I actually found this dish offensive and puny in serving size. But my husband liked it. One of my friends ordered the bison burger which he relished and the other one, a similar plate like mine but with a grilled portobello mushroom instead of quinoa. The mushroom was actually very good. We shared the tofu fries - quite good but I really wish they weren't fried. What's the point of a healthy meal? The drinks were ridiculously priced so I refused to have any. All in all...nice concept, progressive for Vegas and a place you could hang if you were on a strict caloric diet. But being satisfied with your meal...that's another story.
5	Gave this palce a second chance.. i totallg dig it now! Love the wellness green shake totally healthy for you.. try their bbq chicken pizza and margerta pizza.. im so going here for pizzas now good bye papa john's and pizza hut hello to gourmet pizza and you dont feel guilty about it cause its healthy!
5	If you're a health nut this place is for you :)I love coming here right after the gym to get a customized meal and real juice.  The staff is wonderful, they're always willing to help you and they answer all of your questions if its your first time.  It is on the pricey side for "fast" food, but it's definitely worth it all.
2	Disappointment.  This place is smart with their marketing and ambience.  I'm just going to give a quick positive/negative feedback:Positives:               Space- It's clean and has modern, simple  decor. Easy to sit and chat for a while.               Turkey- It's real, sliced turkey; not processed deli meat.Negatives:                  Food quality- I'm annoyed how they come across to everyone. They want you to think this is amazing healthy food.  Not one item on their menu is organic.  They also don't have a lot of alternative ingredients to choose from. They seem to have limited knowledge of gluten-free and vegan foods. This leads me to the next negative.                 Price- It is pretty expensive.  At least 7 dollars for a smoothie and at least 10 dollars for a sandwich.  It would be understandable if they used organic, high quality ingredients, but no.  Their ingredients do not cost much at all, therefore they are taking advantage of people.                 Environmentally friendly? - First of all, they don't use real plates. (They care about health but not environment.) So they use paper plates.  Okay, at least they quickly biodegrade.  But wait! The utensils are crappy plastic ones.  What the heck? Be consistent. Overall, I seriously feel that whoever opened this place does not care about any of the things they market.  I think they know that being healthy is in, and are trying to bank on it.  They should be serving organic fruits, veggies and meats.  They should have a vast working knowledge of other types of foods for substitutions. They should be using real plates and silverware, or using all biodegradable/compostable things.And they should not be insulting our intelligence. Needless to say, I'm not going back.  I'd rather spend my money on a place that gives quality food for a normal price.
2	Saw some good yelp reviews expected more from this place. I recently got into juicing so I was super excited when I heard they have juices too. Got the Bison cheese steak in a spinach wrap. It was comparable to taco bell taco meat. And the tofu fries were pretty good just too salty on the outside edges. I also got the wellness drink. Never saw any of the ingredients I read on the board being run through a juicer. Saw some stuff going into a blender though. THAT'S NOT JUICING.
5	Loved this place!  I've been twice and will definitely be back.  Everything is super fresh and healthy.  The Chocolate Avocado Peanut Butter Banana Shake was killer! I admit I was a bit afraid after reading all the ingredients.  I didn't think it was taste so damn good.This is definitely a place to try and convert the non-healthy eaters as long as they're brave.  I've also had the turkey burger.  Nothing flashy, but good taste, juicy and fresh bread.  Just the knowledge that all the ingredients are free of all the garbage of any other turkey burger I'd get elsewhere makes you feel so much better about the meal.
4	Love love love this place! I had ordered a Grilled Vegetable Wrap that came with amazing fresh daikon fries along with a Leafy Green Berry Blast Smoothie and my husband ordered a Vegan Burger along with Delicious Tofu Fries with a Wellness Drink Smoothie.  Everything we had ordered was so tastey.  So we went again the very next day and I had ordered the same thing and my husband ordered the Vegan Pizza and Carrot Juice.  The smoothies are seriously really healthy and so refreshing!  We are not Vegans but wanted to try something different and healthier.  The cafe is set up very nicely with TVs.  The place is next to the gym LVAC where you will see a lot of fit people coming to eat after the gym, also we saw people on their laptops as well.  I give it 4 stars because the prices are pretty expensive.
4	Perhaps I should give this place 5 stars to show my uber appreciation for having a healthy alternative in Vegas aside from Go Raw and Rainbow's end.I dig the chocolate veggichino and the wellness juice. Love that you get a dollar off for checking in each time.The staff is always super friendly and helpful.Their pesto sauce is amazing and the peanut sauce was yummy yum too!
5	I'M IN LOVE!!!!!Its happened, finally. I went twice last week for lunch. It's ubber healthy and has things on the menu I would never eat and a couple of things I would try.I got the buffalo cheese steak sandwich with tofu fries [yes tofu]. Super good!  Went back and ordered their combo which consists of pick your: protein, grain, veggie, sauce.  I got shrimp, brown rice, asparagus, and pesto sauce.  Has calories displayed everywhere so you know exactly what's going in. Also, got a spinach and almond milk shake [sounds gross but it was amazing!!!!!]Priced around $10 shake was like $4 but HEY you are eating healthy.  Decor is awesome with running water on the walls and bright green chairs.  My only suggestion: salad bar or make your own salad. Pick your lettuce, pick your protein, pick your toppings, pick from an array of low fat house based dressings?????Something like a salad expressions??? That'd be awesome. Adding Elk to the menu would rock too!!!
4	Ok, so my fat booty decided to start loosing weight, Gotta get in shape for the ladies right?? So I decided to start going to the gym that happens to be in the same plaza as this restaurant.When I went for the first time, I really didnt feel it. I thought it was a hipster central and such, but still wanted to try it , so I did and I fell in love with some itemsThe tofu fries and the Margarita pizza are delicious, and I think what makes it taste better is the fact that its only 320 calories for a whole 10 inches ZA!!!Some of the things on the menu are totally not for me, and the juices, well I rather juice at home. But I appreciate the variety and how its mixed as a fast food joint with table service. really nice, and the owners are super cool as well.It can get a little pricy but all healthy food is and thats sad. The place can get packed but service still fast and efficient.Food comes cooked right and so far havent have one single bad experience.If you are a freak of counting your calories intake and want some good food that wont make you look like jabba the hutt , stop by this stop.
3	Lots of low calorie options for those wanting to eat healthy....not a strictly vegan restaurant as their menu clearly states.  This is probably the last place I would pick to eat, but we were convinced by another couple to give this place a try.  The food was better than I thought it was going to be, but definitely not the most flavored packed menu.  I tried the bison cheesesteak with tofu fries and I guess I was hoping for a little more flavor in the bison other than just salt...really it's a chopped up bison burger patty put in a wrap.  The tofu fries were all the rave on the reviews...but in comparison to the Chinese salt and pepper tofu squares...they were quite lack luster and dry in my opinion. The service seems like it could be refined, the couple that we ate with got a number with their order, while we did not.  The server seemed to wander from table to table asking what people ordered in order to deliver food.  The decor was bright and refreshing and the Hawaiian music in the background made it good environment for a Sunday lunch.  I probably won't be venturing back to this restaurant anytime soon, but I think the location near LVAC and perhaps for the calorie and health conscious this place is a win.
5	I love going here! The chocolate veggiechinno is the best ever, with almond milk of course. I've been vegan since January and this place is great stop for a fast meal or pick me up smoothie.
4	The wellness drink is fab, and the wraps are wonderful. A little on the pricey side but the staff is very friendly
5	The name of this place alone makes me think wheat grass and vegetarian menus, which for me is a turn off because I am a meat and potatoes type guy.  My wife and eye kept seeing excellent reviews for this place, and the place being advertised all over the place.  Two weeks ago my wife and I were looking for a new place to try, and  she brought up this place.  I thought I would give it a shot, event though I expected it to be a tofu and salad type place.  When we walked into the restaurant I was met with surprise...This place is not that just a vegetarian place.  They have a rather large menu with a mix of meat, fruits and vegetables.  They have everything from your staple foods such as chicken and beef, to exotic foods like bison and ostrich.  My wife had the bison lettuce burger which was very flavorful. My favorite aspect of this restaurant is the custom meal which allows you to pick from a number of meats ranging from poultry to fish to beef.  The meal also allows you to pick a vegetable, which there are several to choose from, a grain (also several choices), and a sauce of your choice.  I got the chicken with mixed greens, quinoa, and balsamic dressing.  Everything about the meal was excellent.  It was so good that my wife and I have eaten there 4 more times in the past two weeks.  It has become one of our favorite places to eat now.  We have also tried their smoothies with are very good as well.The decor in this place is very cool, and their are a lot of outlets for electronic devices, which makes this place a great place to study or just go to get work done.  I have also found this a good place for many who go to LVAC to go an hang out and get a good, healthy meal.  I do agree with some of the reviews that this place should have more "eco friendly" materials, and the price is somewhat steep for meals.  This will not deter me from going here again.
4	So time for an update, :D The staff definitely stepped it up which is a bonus. They greet you as soon as you're in the door. I ordered the Wellness drink again and YES it was blended but, I just can't knock it, it is DELICIOUS and still healthy also. Didn't order food but, I'd go back for the smoothies they are worth every penny
5	Tastes like heaven.  May be a bit pricey at first but then you realize what you are actually paying for...QUALITY.  This is the future of "fast food".  Join the revolution.Green shake is the go to, if you have never been.
5	I was so excited to find this place! We'd been eating at more traditional restaurants for days and i was ready for something better. We definitely found it. I had a build your own combo, my son had some soup, my daughter a pizza and my husband a smoothie. None of us were disappointed. The cost seemed a little much, but I really didn't even think about it once I started eating. Everything was delicious and the staff was friendly and helpful. We will definitely go back every time we are in Vegas.
3	Came here with the hubby for the first time. We recently started working out and decided to start eating healthier. I ordered a burger with jicama fries and my husband ordered a wrap with tofu fries. Before coming here, we heard such great reviews of this place. To be completely honest, I wasn't really impressed. The food lacked flavor to me. My husband enjoyed it because he felt it was a healthy meal compared to the stuff we usually eat. I told him that healthy food can also taste good. He recently went back and had a turkey burger and said it tasted dry. There is a place a couple blocks from here called Elixer Organic Cafe that I think is much tastier. I might consider returning here to try something different one day before completely ruling it out.
4	I found this place after a friend checked in on Yelp. I loved the name and began to read the reviews. A few days later I stopped in to check it out and get the green shake. Mmmm it was so good and I couldn't put my finger on it what it taste like. I just know that I crave one daily. The downside is that it cost $8 dollars for this drink. I came back two days later with a friend and ordered the bison cheesestak wrap with tofu fries. That dish gets five stars. I could not believe I was eating something so sinful tasting but good for me and half the calories of the real thing. My friend had the buffalo chicken strips and they were really good. The next week I went in with another friend and we both tried the summer berry salad...WOW! I went back again this past weekend for the green shake. I cannot get enough of this place. I am going for lunch again today with a new friend. Whenever I find something I love I have to share with everyone. I have one request to the owners, please open up another one next to the Golds Gym on Stephanie. There are lots of open spaces in the center that this very busy gym is located. That way I could go everyday.
4	Healthy and delicious food, washed down with tasty juices and smoothies is what I was looking for when I first stepped into Greens and Proteins. And they did not disappoint!I ordered the turkey and bacon wrap with tofu fries, and I could not believe something this good was really healthy! I was a little hesitant about the tofu fries, but upon first bite this place has me hooked! The wellness drink is great, and I order it every visit. It has the perfect blend of fruits and veggies, getting your daily dose of vitamin needs. My only complaint is in the wellness drink. Kale is very good for you and wished they put more than just the few pieces they use. It feels like they use just enough to say that kale is in the drink.Still love this place and will be here many many times!
4	The smoothies and juices here are fresh, healthy, and tasty! Great for the hot Vegas weather! I go out of my way to come here for their juices...mostly because it seems one of a kind, but also because they're that good! I wouldn't say their tofu fries are healthy, but they're definitely delicious too.
5	I love the vegan burger and the tofu fries (extra crispy!).  If you tired it when they first opened, it's time to go back.  Everything I have tried recently has been delicious, prices are reasonable (especially considering what you're buying) and the staff is friendly.  It gets pretty busy during lunch, so  I usually call ahead for carry out.  I may have to go back there tomorrow!
4	I've been hearing so much about this place from friends who are on strict diets. And was always curious about what kinda food this place had. I pictured raw and bleh tasting food. BOY, was I wrong!Came here one morning after my roomie and I finished working out. Love how bright and sunny it is in there. Like it should be a cafe in LA or an Asian boba spot where there's lime green and yellow furniture everywhere.I ordered the veggie sandwich as I looooooooooove grilled veggies. It came with a pickle and I ordered the tofu fries as it's side. I like tofu but, after trying it this way and with a spicy aiole, I LOVE TOFU FRIES!My roomie had the Greek pizza. I love feta but, the kalamata olives were toooo over powering. My roomie had to take them outta his pizza; and he loves olives.Checking into Yelp gave me a 50 cent off voucher on their shakes or juices so, we decided to get one. I forget which one but, it was delicious. Peanut buttery but, not toooo thick. More like an icee texture.Already love my salads and veggie snacks but, this place makes them so much more tastier and in a way that I don't normally eat them.
2	Been here twice. I was pretty disappointed both times, especially after factoring in the cost. First time tried the green juice was something like $7-8 and while it wasn't terrible - I've had much better at another local place for easily $2-$3 less. Next trip, I had a chicken wrap with jicama fries -  that the cashier gave rave reviews. First it was really expensive - $10.99 for the wrap and then the chicken was really, really dry and the jicama fries that had some red seasoning like chili powder or paprika but desperately needed salt or something - they were just boring and bland - I love the idea though. (I noticed after finished that there was a packet of salt/pepper in my container and I was kicking myself for not adding it sooner - I can appreciate not everyone wants the sodium - I dunno though they just needed some help.) I really wanted to love this place, since it's so hard to find healthy foods on the go - but the cost of the food coupled with how mediocre it was - I have no plans to go back.
5	AMAZING FOOD, DRINKS, and the FRIENDLIEST STAFF. My new place to go right after a hard workout and to stay healthy and fit
4	This place may be a bit pricier than your average, run of the mill corporate fast food joint but be aware that this is no ordinary establishment and that the extra dollars are well worth it. The quality of the ingredients really speaks for itself and the healthiness, which may be a major selling point for some, was really just a bonus for me. I opted to try the bison cheese steak on a wheat bun, which seems to be a popular option. It came with a side of "fries" and I chose the Jica, having never heard of them before. The girl at the register was friendly and willing to explain the various menu items. Much of the menu is vegan or vegetarian but not all of it-- it offers plenty of options for the carnivores so don't let that deter you from visiting.The food was pretty impressive. The bun was hearty and filling, and the the actual bison meat was just as tasty as any beef I've ever had in a philly cheese steak. The sandwich itself is filling enough but does come with the fries. I probably will try the tofu fries next time because the jica "fries" were really just raw sliced vegetables that provided the optical illusion of fries but tasted nothing like them. The chef who started this place has a great philosophy about making food that is both healthy and delicious and I daresay he has executed it perfectly.I will definitely be coming back here and hope to try some of the smoothies as well as the wide assortment of salads and sauces.
1	Menu descriptions are poorly written and inaccurate.  Case in point Jicama Fries are just strips of raw jicama.  We ordered extra as it sounded like something new and worth a try.  Cold jicama strips did not come close to meeting expectations.
4	Healthy and tasty! Gotta try the soy fries!
4	One of the best and most creative "healthy" places to grab a casual bite in town. The servers are always friendly and the menu has TONS of options.
5	This place is very good. I had the vegan burger and I'm not normally a fan of anything vegan but this burger hit the spot. The prices are little bit pricey but not to bad. The atmosphere is pretty hip and trendy. I definitely recommend trying this place.
4	Fun little place.  As someone that has recently been introduced to juicing, I found this place really cool.  The combination of both a "juice bar" which is why I went there and having a lot of traditional food choices fun to salivate to.
5	This is a long overdue review.  I was curious about this place during the build out and often found myself peeking through the window to see the progression.  I finally had a chance to eat here and the food was remarkable.I had no clue what to choose, so I just asked the staff to surprise me.  I had a smoothie that tasted like heaven.  At face value, I underestimated how it would taste after a glance at the ingredients.  Unbelievable!I've now had the BBQ chicken pizza, the white pizza (not sure if that's the name on the menu), and every smoothie creation to date.  It doesn't matter what you choose as you will surely be thrilled afterwards.The atmosphere is modern, appealing, clean, and different from anything else around.  Truly a one of a kind establishment which has become a regular stop on my trips into town.
5	I have been meaning to come here for a long time!After my work out, I was starving, and despite the Saturday afternoon crowds in the shopping center I figured from what i heard It should be worth it. When I opened the door it put me immediately in line.  It wasn't as long of a wait as I thought it would be.  I ordered my food to go and took time to really check this place out while I waited. The place was packed, looked like there was plenty of seating (Inside & out)  I loved the earthy vibe with bright green chairs. I took a better look at the menu and noticed they also cater to those crazy RAW and HCG dieters which was pretty cool. As I waited for my summer berry salad and antioxidant smoothie, I was so pissed I didn't order the ostrich burger I was originally thinking about. (Damn it, I always tell myself to go with my gut, or first pick) It looked so good. From what i could see they cook just about everything in their brick oven. The manager or owner noticed me being nosy, and made a joke, I told him it was my first time, and couldn't help it!  He was really nice, asked my name and told me my order was coming shortly. When my salad was ready he told me that put my chicken in a separate container so it wouldn't wilt my spinach.  Crazy nice! Every dish I saw looked great. Can't wait for that ostrich burger.
5	I love this place! Hands down one of the healthiest places to eat in Vegas! I do the lettuce cups. MMMMM....
5	This is the best place to get health food in a convenient manner without having to do the leg work commonly associated with eating healthy. For being a health conscious place, the food tastes amazing! I highly recommend the pizzas or the bison cheese steak.
4	Yeah! I really liked it! I had just finished a class at Body Heat across the way and I needed sustenance for the rest of my day. Oh a juice bar across the way?! You don't say. I had some kind of green magic in a glass and I loved every sip. I couldn't decide on a food order, so I we t with the Greek pizza. Feta on anything and you have me sold. I ate it all, shamelessly, on my way to work in the car. I want to try everything on the menu. Also, when Giada di Laurentiis is on television, I will swoon for your establishment. Just an FYI. One complaint: it's quite loud and does take longer than I anticipated. But now that I know these two, I will be prepare for next time!
3	I like the novelty of Greens and Proteins, but find the execution a bit "off".   It's nice to offer a version of fast food gone healthy, but I found many of the options very bland.  The jicama "fries" are a nice choice, but I'll go for the seasoned tofu fingers over the cool jicama any day.  The addition of the crunchy/healthy side is nice, though.  I had bites of the bison burger ordered by others at the table, which was fine - a typical bison burger, but my veggie patty was not what I expected.  I thought since the place focuses on healthy that the veggie patty would be - veggie.  But nope, it's 100% soy and pretty bland.  I was pretty dissappointed.  Some of the drinks/smoothies are fun, but it's not enough to draw me in without a meal I'm excited about.  I'll try more things, maybe some wraps will rock my world, but the bland and soy-ness of the veggie patty was enough to discourage me for a while.
5	Get their green ginger limeade!!! Amazing!I can even get my kids to drink it.Their wellness drink is also very filling
5	As my first venture out after being diagnosed celiac I was not disappointed with their gluten free items! Walking into Greens & Protiens has a very homelike clean feel. It almost seems like it should be in Southern California. They have a large assortment of healthy items on their menu such as shakes, salads, pizzas and sandwiches. I decided to try the green leaf berry blast shake (carrots, kale, berries, spinach, soy milk, agave nectar, and vanilla extract) I've been every day for the past 5 days since for this shake its so delicious! I also tried the Greek pizza on gluten free crust.. YUM! Hummus, cucumbers, tomatoes, feta and kalamata olives. The crust is actually amazing too it's almost like a flatbread. I will be suggesting this place to everyone and I can't wait for their 2nd location on Flamingo and the 215 to open! See you all there :)
4	Looking for a healthy place to hit after the gym? This is it!Although it's in the Henderson area, I try to swing by every so often. Their wellness drink is amazing. It reminds me of the Naked juice- Green Machine (It looks disgusting but it tastes so good!).Food wise, their thai peanut chicken satay is good for a small snack. Their BBQ chicken pizza is delicious as well. Honestly, I would've never thought eating pizza and burgers would be so healthy!
5	A bit spendy and worth every penny. Super delicious nutritious food. I'd eat here every meal if I was more wealthy. Friendly, helpful service in a clean well lit venue. This is as good as it gets.
3	it was OK. thought this was a healthy joint, got what the cashier suggested (bison cheesesteak, ok i know it doesn't sound healthy!) in a spinach wrap. Also got the wellness smoothie. Unwrapped my meal at home and took a bite and it was pretty greasy and lacked flavor, I couldn't even finish my wrap. The wellness smoothie, on the other hand, was great! i don't know if it was worth the $7.99 price tag since you can get a huge bottle of green machine naked juice at costco for $6. Next time, probably won't listen to the advice of the young kid at the register and ill try something else.
4	Best smoothies in Las Vegas, - whether you are vegan or not, these are unvelivable and very healthy, and not loaded with disguised names for sugars like turbinado, cane sugar,  etc. Although they do have honey and /or agave in them so you can ask for that to be omitted, you wont miss it. I love their green shake and their chocolate peanut butter banana shake personally.They sneak in things like zucchini, and kale, and other very healthy foods and i swear you do not taste them! Although i have gone there many times for the smoothies i will admit I have eaten there only twice, neither was memorable for the price, i give them credit for making a difference to give people healthy options, but for example ...the tofu fries are not healthy, they are just deep fried tofu sticks The daiya cheese based vegetarian pizza is good compared to some places versions of it, but the only way to make it truly vegan(unless you want it served on a raw cracker) is to get it on the gluten free crust, after you substitute the crust you are getting charged 14.99 , otherwise if you dont mind the raw crust its 11.99 -in my opinion it is rather small and can be inhaled in just a few bites, i say its 8 inches at most and very thin. Not a great value -If you do the "build your own custom meal" they let you pick 1 protein, 1 vegetable, and 1 grains, not a great value, the plate is very very small.. although healthy tasting and not oily to try to make it taste better. but by the time you lunch and the smoothie you are looking at 20.00 minimum and you wont be full after.Another issue i find is it can be very busy at lunch time, and they only ever have 1 person working the cash register, the line up can go out the door and the seats are all taken during these rushes. , combine that with people asking questions about the menu and being indecisive (me included)I think they should get at least 1 more register to get things running more smooth.
1	When this place first opened I was extremely excited about something new and "healthy" not too far from my home. Turns out its not as "Healthy" as it promotes to be and is a bit over priced for the quality of the food. To me, Health= organic. If its not organic its not healthy. I don't want to eat pesticides and chemicals, it defeats the purpose of the nutritious food. I went in a total of three different times ( in case someone didn't know what they were talking about) and I asked each time if any of their items were organic, the response "NO." How is this a healthy place when the food, including veggies and fruits,  are not organic? And why is it so pricey when you're feeding me pesticides, chemicals, and no "added" but already there hormones? No thank You.
5	Thank you for being gluten free friendly!  Me and my stomach appreciate you!!  :))
4	Love the unique and clever healthy options-including jicama fries! I wish all the juices weren't blended though, some actually juiced veggies was what I was looking for, not a smoothie. Still we are eager to return and try new stuff!
5	Extra! Extra! Read All About It!You're a wise man or woman, if you read some of the reviews of Greens and Proteins before trying them out.  You'll find a mix of "I've experienced better", "A-Ok", and "As good as it gets".  The most common issue...the sticker shock.  Yup, Greens and Proteins is on the Richie Rich side for what you get in quantity.  Smoothies over $10 (not lying), sandwiches over $12 (no five-dollar foot long here), and even their burgers are pricey starting around $10 (Where's the beef?).  I read the reviews and was armed with knowledge before I step foot in here. So, why the 5 Stars from me?   It comes to down to what I think Greens and Proteins was trying to accomplish, eating on the healthier side.  One thing about eating healthier, it sure cost more and I knew that coming in.  5 Stars because I expected less and got more.  I came here for their Proteins, not the Greens, and decided on the "Build Your Own Custom Meal".  This is a 4 Step process, but I only chose Step 1, which was protein only.   You have a choice of Filet Mignon ($17), Bison ($13), Chicken ($10), Turkey ($9), Salmon ($13), and even my favorite lean meat Ostrich ($17).  I got the salmon and they knocked a few bucks off the price because I didn't get anything else with it.  The salmon is about 6 oz and to be honest, it was a little bland.  I solved this by adding a little Teriyaki sauce to it.  Voila! Problem solved. As for the restaurant and ambiance, it's just okay.  You get a mix of your Average Joes, Fitness Freaks, and New Year Resolutioners.  My favorite is the guy wearing a tank top, beanie, and sunglasses.  Guess this guy is just confused whether it's hot ,cold, or sunny inside.  Or, he's just too cool for the rest of us.  The wait is little longer than expected and since the restaurant is also small, it gets a little loud and crowded.Overall, I am a fan and think Greens and Protein is as good as it gets.  If you're looking for something quick, cheap, and tasty, then Greens and Proteins may not be for you.  If you're looking for something clean, healthier, and don't mind spending a little more, then Greens and Proteins is perfect.
4	I love Greens and Proteins! I love taking my friends to try their amazing food! My personal favorites are the pita and hummus, the jicama and tofu fries, the pizzas, and most recently - Pumpkin Chai Tea Latte. This is such a filling, satisfying drink. The flavor is incredible! My husband, who is a very picky eater, loves the burgers and pizzas. Definitely worth checking out. While I am happy that this place is so popular, it's super busy! I look forward to the west side location to open! Just wish there was another one on my way to work and open at 5:30am!
4	Since Greens and Proteins opened, the gf and i eat here at least once every other week.  It's one of several dining options within walking distance of LVAC and it's definitely our fav especially when we are faking it trying to eat nutritiously.  About the only thing we haven't tried are the various smoothies, shakes, veggie blends, etc.Our fav item on the menu is the make your own meal - a protein, a veggie and a starch with a sauce.  The cost ranges from $9 to about $18.  I generally go for the pork loin or turkey ( the cheaper selections ) with the veggie choice of either mushroom, asparagus or spinach and the brown rice with the pesto sauce.  they have about 8 choices in each category.Also like the tofu fries, the chicken fingers and the caesar salad.  The pizzas are also decent but suggest you ask them to make the crust crisp since at times i felt the crust was " limp"Good service and they have a several flat screen TV's for sports watching.
4	So I decided to go her after my workout for something different.  I got the Feta cheese pizza, it had olives, cucumbers, tomatoes, and low fat mozzarella chees.  I go it on the thin crust bread, or what ever it is. I was very impressed.  It was so good!  I will be back.   And it's only 247 calories, for a 10 inch pizza.
4	On my way to workout at LVAC I happened to see this restaurant and I happened to be craving a smoothie. After my workout I went in and ordered the Wellness Smoothie. If you enjoy green smoothies, it was delicious! I loved it! Then I saw that there was also bison and ostrich on the menu which are unique menu items. I can't wait to return and try it out!
4	Love this place. Great green drinks and smoothies. Food is great and very fresh. Only reason for 4 stars is because it is slightly pricey. But it is definitely worth it. Decor is so fun and modern. Wonderful friendly staff too! If you are looking for a HEALTHY place this is where you should go
4	delicious healthy food.  worth a try if you're coming from lvac and don't want to ruin your whole workout!
1	Ate here 2 days ago.  Ordered the bison cheesesteak, ate 3/4 of it, and found the most disgusting black curly piece of hair imbedded in my meat.  Couldn't submit my review until now since it still makes me want to vomit just writing about it.
5	Delicious....... Don't hesitate. Just go!Very cute inside. Nice, clean, classy. Makes me happy.
5	Seriously Yummy Health Food. That's all you need to know. The Green Leaf Berry Blast Smoothie is my addiction and less than 250 Calories!
5	One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. Healthy and quick. Good service.
4	The Green Leafy Berry Blast was worth every penny.
4	Love this place! I go here after my workouts to "treat" myself. Their pizzas are all amazing, each 10"s and each low in cals (250-300ish). Also try their tofu fries! Very tasty and also super low in calories. If you're trying to watch your waist but still crave some comfort type foods (and more), this place is the place to go!(Also gluten free, vegetarian/vegan/raw friendly - major plus!)
3	Thought I should update my review after eating here two more times. Last year I was invited back by the manager/owner to give them another shot. I brought a friend with me so I could get a second opinion. I made the mistake of ordering the same chicken wrap, thinking it would be better the second time around. Nope. My friend had the Bison wrap and loved it. I hesitated to update my review because I still wasn't impressed by the food, but didn't want to post a negative review when I knowingly ordered something I didn't like the first time around and my friend loved his wrap. But seriously, if you're healthy food joint and can't make a good grilled chicken wrap... what can I say?  I tried it again one more time and had the turkey burger, which while it needed some salt - was much better than the chicken wrap. The tomatoes were a way overripe ... but it wasn't bad as a whole. I still love the idea of the jicama fries, but they could really do something to make them tastier, like a citrus dressing option or something.. anything. LOL. All in all, I might eat here on occasion - but for what it is I think it's way overpriced. I spent $17+ today for the burger and a juice drink. Definitely not affordable or good enough for a daily lunch option. The place is busy, busy though... so it doesn't look like they're hurting for business.
5	Well thought out restaurant. Amazing, healthy food at a great price for the quality you are getting.  Ostrich burger is fantastic.
2	So so. The menu lacked lots of green-vegi choices. Name should be various meat and tofu proteins and green drinks. Veggie Garden Burger was just a pale bocaburger (no veggie or garden in it), my wife a life long vegetarian could not eat it.
3	Typically a place like this is not my thing but a smoothie called and I wanted something a little healthier so I checked this place out.  The vibe here is a little strange.  Feels like an extension of LVAC and I'm the only lazy bum who didn't work up a sweat prior to coming here lol.  The decor is modern yet feels green and nature-inspired.  I really like the look of this place.  I paid an arm and a leg for my Green Leaf Berry Blast smoothie (note: 1 dollar off for checking in) and I almost had buyer's remorse as I waited in line.  The line moved quickly enough and service was friendly but, hot damn, it took FOREVER to get my smoothie.  It's the only thing I ordered - no food, just a smoothie to go.  And I waited.  And waited.  And waited.  Finally my name was called and I thought for sure this was going to be an out-of-this-world smoothie experience.  All the hype, all the waiting, all that cash I forked over... built up to this moment.  I try the smoothie and I'm all, "eh".  Oh the sweet sting of health-food disappointment. I give it 3 stars because I like the concept and the decor, the service was good, and there are quite a few things on the menu I really want to try (pizza, wraps, etc.), so I'm sure I'll be back to update this.
5	Great place to go for healthy drinks and food. I tried the wellness drink and the vegan pizza and both were great. The place is a little pricey, but way worth it.
4	This place is great!  I'd recommend the Bison Cheese Steak, BBQ Chicken Pizza, any of the wraps (with tofu fries), and all of the smoothies despite the veggies inside (tried each one)!!  Call ahead if you don't want to wait, but they're pretty fast considering the long line at lunch.  You'll see lots of physically fit patrons enjoying lunch or a snack as the gym is right around the corner, so you'll feel good about eating there.  My only issue, and it's not that big of a deal for me, is that the menu is a little pricy.  But you figure the quality and nutrition of the food you are getting, it's not that bad.
3	Well .. Even tho it's a wee bit pricy .. I was happy... We ordered a margherita pizza and a bison burger .. I'd order the pizza again for sure.. topped it off with a delicious watermelon/ strawberry  cocktail which was really refreshing yet $6 for a drink is a bit much ... maybe if  it's organic... but I'm not sure if it is...   we will be back !!! It's nice to have a healthy option !!!
1	I should of know better than to have an Angus burger at a vegan - veg rest. I got the worst case of food poisoning in my entire life, was in bed for 4 days.
4	Been here twice now and I really dig this place. The food was excellent. (I split two meals between my girlfriend and me: the tofu chorizo breakfrast burrito and the veggie wrap.) I really dig a place that purports to be fresh and healthy *and actually is*. There were little things that made the experience better, as well. The staff was obviously very happy and interested in their food, our satisfaction, etc. It didn't feel forced, they actually seemed happy to be there and like they cared what we thought. And this might sound lame, but we didn't order drinks, and they proactively offered water cups to us, and then we saw that the water was nor just a fountain-style plain water but rather a cucumber/lemon water concoction that tasted great.The only reason this is a 4 instead of a 5 is that it IS a bit pricey. Our two meals, without drinks, came to $20. And the second time I went I got a medium-ish sized smoothie for more than $8. But I feel like that's worth it for what we got: indisputably fresh, healthy meals.I'll be going back regularly.
5	Great service. Great food.
2	This place was ok...Yes, its healthy and good for you but what the hell? My brother treated me, himself and his wife to dinner and it came out to $50.00!!!  For dinner at that price I would have expected a better quality and portioned meal. Do not get the tuna salad....sooo little tuna and also I would stick to the wraps and sandwiches. My brother got the build your own meal, and the tuna was not cooked properly, no flavor and very small portions. I got the chicken wrap and it was really good but hot damn they are pricey. I got the leafy berry smoothie...was not that good and really?? Almost $8.00?! If you are going to spend that god awful amount on a smoothie or juice get the green wellness or whatever its called, it tastes better. Overall, I will not be coming back here unless its on someone else's dime. I would rather spend the money on groceries and cook something healthy at home.
5	Always the freshest ingredients and quick service.  Stop here daily to get my breakfast fix, whether its a meal or a juice/shake.
5	Great juices and salads
5	My second trip today and wanted to share. I had the turkey wrap with avocado. Words to describe it, flavorful, balanced, filling. I had a bite of my wife's turkey burger and can't wait to go back for one. Very moist and bursting with flavors. Washed it all down with the cucumber water. Had a few sips of the watermelon strawberry smoothie, another Hilton their menu.
5	Really really love this place!!! I'm busy and don't have a lot of time to cook but like to eat healthy! This place is not only healthy it's delicious...I eat here a few times a week and I alway get the best service and a great meal quickly. Can't wait until they open more locations...like right by my office ;)
5	Awesome! You must have a palate for wholesome foods. This place was great. Had a decent raw food menu as I enjoyed the raw pizza
4	Knocked off one star for absurd prices. However, the quality of their food is absolutely amazing. I can live off the Antioxidant Chiller -- stuff is made of gold. Definitely refreshing after a good work out if you're not into the Wellness Drink, which tastes like grass but I'm sure it's ridiculously good for you. And after that hard work out and you want to find some good food under the guise of low calories, get the BBQ Chicken Pizza. I can also eat that stuff for days and maybe they're lying to me and it's not as healthy as it should be, but I can die in happy ignorance. Prices: Antioxidant Chiller = ~$6Wellness Drink = ~8 (use the Yelp check-in for $1 off) BBQ Chicken Pizza = ~$10
1	The food & smoothies are okay.  For the portions served, everything is way overpriced.  The best part is, they're NOT ORGANIC.  Plus, a regular HCG diet is not healthy for you.  For claiming "healthy" and charging organic prices, I find this place to be quite the rip off.  There are way better options out there that are healthy, whole and organic.
5	I love everything I've drank and eaten at this place! Fresh, clean, healthy!
4	Hip Hop Hooray!  Love this place, who doesnt!  How can you not love healthy amazing food!  Just be award that during the lunch hour you will wait for awhile. They start to get packed around 11:45 until about 1. I have been here a few times and each time I have always been very pleased. The salmon is cooked perfectly.  They offer a lot of different alternatives if you would like to substitute although it can get pricey doing that.  Gluten free bread is $3 extra.....WOW....I have only had one problem while here and that was a takeout order.  My order was not correct and when I had to drive back to fix it I was not a happy camper.  BUT, the manager was very kind, fixed it for me and also gave me his card saying next time lunch is on him.  I really appreciate the offer and will be using it shortly!
1	I was so excited when greens and proteins opened. I would stop everyday on my way to work (4-5 days a week)  and ordered a wellness drink ( which I love) and a turkey wrap. It was over priced but worth it. About 3 months later they changed the turkey patty to a processed frozen patty with no taste. Every time I try something new it has no taste. They are starting to cut corners to save money. I am very disappointed in the quality of the food.
4	Lots of vegan and gluten free options.  The veggie burger didn't have vegan mayo as advertised, but was tasty anyway.  Decent service.
5	All the vegan stuff is amazing.  Try the veggie pizza or veggie burger.
4	The food is great. The employees are great. I just call or walk in and they already know and remember my order. Food brought to you and tabled cleared for you. Yes it is pricier than most, but it is healthy, tasty food. Owner is involved and there in the mix bring food to tables. Liz is great. Right next to gym so after a great workout a great meal. Clean and pleasing atmosphere. Try it.
5	OMG... I was in food heaven! :)  My friend and I decided to give this place a try because we were hearing such good things about it and about their vegan options.  So this what we ordered and shared:1st dish:  Tofu and Soy Chorizo burrito...oh man, this was awesome.  The burrito was perfectly spiced and tasty.  I'm sure that any non-vegan would have never guessed that this was a vegan dish... it was that good.  The chorizo was da bomb!  The dish even came with tofu nuggets, which was amazing too.  They really need to add tofu nuggets as an appetizer.  I could eat that all day... just pop it in my mouth.2nd dish: Granola toasted french toast... ok i must admit, that it wasn't  vegan because of the type of whole wheat bread that they used.. but it was all good with me cuz they didn't use egg to coat the granola to the bread.... so i just decided to try it.  It was delish!!!  The granola was mixed in with nuts, and raisins...mmm, mmm, mmm.  I felt like my breakfast turned into a dessert, but at the same time, it just tasted healthy. :) this place is like halfway between a fast food joint and a sit down restaurant... but to my surprise the dishes were visual appearing.  They took time to make it look pretty and presentable.   I was so hungry and the food looked so good, that I didn't take any pictures of my food.   I also think that the dishes are reasonably priced.  We paid less than $20 for both dishes....I love paying $20 or less for 2 people when I go out to eat.  Hey, when the food is good and the price is right, then that's an awesome deal.  I will go back for sure and order more off the vegan menu and try to take pics of it before I feed my face.  I recommend you try this place out and your taste buds will say thank you.
5	YUM!!!When you walk in..it doesn't look that special. The decor is nice but the menu was deceiving. What I got was MUCH better than I had expected. I had the veggie wrap..and oh my! So delicious and healthy. I had the tofu fries with it.. and i LOVE tofu. They were very light and also did not taste fattening. The staff was very friendly! I wish we had a place like this in the North Bay!
4	A few weeks ago I went here on a Sunday evening because the Starbucks next door was packed. My friend and I were just looking for a nice quite place to chat and this place seemed like a good fit... The atmosphere was really casual; it was really calm and inviting, definitely had a trendy coffee shop feel to it. That night it was filled with a lot of young girls in yoga pants and gym shorts... I figured it must be the post-workout spot for the ladies from the LVAC across the lot.Anyhow... as we came in my friend had ordered a wheat grass drink and we took to a table along the back wall. The seating area was nice, all of the tables were cleared and they had a grape green hue to match the healthy theme of the entire place. What was also nice was the waterfall that ran across the entirety of the back wall. Definitely gave it a calming feel with a modern nature theme... if you can try to picture that.As we were seated I couldn't help but notice the quality of service the server/cashier was providing. While taking every order he would try to acknowledge the guest by their first name. It definitely gave it a personalized feel. It was nice to see, and I could notice a lot of the guests were regulars... if only they did a better job at greeting us as we entered the place. While we were seated I also ended up ordered the Teriyaki Grilled Chicken Wrap. The price was a little unreasonable for what I got, I understand it's a healthy choice but for $10.99 I expect to get a little more for the buck. I guess all that extra money went into the plating and presentation, which brings me to the next point. For as good as it looked the flavor was very disappointing. The wrap had no taste at all; the only thing that helped me distinguish the ingredients was their texture. Overall for what we came for I would say it definitely met our expectations and didn't disappoint, however the food wasn't so great. The ambiance was 5/5, Service was 4/5, and the Food Quality was 3/5; presentation was great, ingredients seemed fresh and health, but the taste was not there at all. Maybe it was just what I had ordered.I will most likely not eat here again but if I needed a nice casual meeting spot I would definitely keep this place in mind. Although my experience with the food was not pleasant the intent of the visit was for a casual meeting spot and it definitely delivered on that.
5	First time here, and can't wait to come back! The wellness dink is absolutely amazing! And my mom and I shared the raw macho nachos, and half an order of that was so filling! I highly recommend them.
3	I selected Greens and Proteins (G&P) because I wanted a tasty, wholesome breakfast with no animal protein.  In short, I was not impressed with this establishment and its offerings. It seems to me that they are offering a watered down version of "healthy" food.EXPERIENCE: I struggled with their juice menu first. I juice and drink fresh juices from other establishments on a regular basis so I felt comfortable picking out a quick juice to start my meal. Unfortunately, agave nectar and honey were featured in all but one drink.   I can get added sugar anywhere in town, I was surprised that a place that calls itself a "healthy kitchen and juice bar" offered no pure juices. And that what they were presenting as juice was laden with a sweetener more processed than high fructose syrup (agave). Needless to say, I chose the V9 juice since it offered some vegetable and contained no added sugar.  I asked for more greens (spinach and kale) in the juice with regular tomatoes rather than the sun dried tomatoes usually in the drink. The addition of vegetable stock to the juice was confusing for me. I saw them add a processed vegetable broth, not a stock, but that didn't bother me too much. I have never seen a juice offering with vegetable "stock", but I was willing to try it.  The "juice" was more of a blended concoction.  It was cold and thickish.  Especially as I got the end. What is was not, was tasty.  There was no bite from the lime or garlic and the "stock" watered down the taste of the vegetables. The texture and flavor were off putting, but I'd spent the $6.99 for 24 oz. (8oz of that are the vegetable broth) so I drank it. Most of it.My mother ordered the Greek scramble with a side of the homemade turkey bacon. I ordered the "Real Deal Oatmeal" with some of the additions (raisins, bananas, and "sucant", which is sugar) on the side. The menu lists "sucant" as an ingredient in the oatmeal, but I believe G & P has misspelled the word Sucanat on their menu. Sucanat is a whole, unrefined cane sugar made by "crushing sugar cane, extracting the juice, heating it, and dehydrating it into granules." It's still sugar, but many people consider it a healthier option because it contains less sucrose and "retains the natural molasses and trace nutrients like iron, calcium, potassium, and B vitamins."I've ordered oatmeal at dozens of establishments in this town--most not presenting the image of a health conscious establishment---and I've never heard what I heard from G&P.  After ordering, the cashier had to come over and find me to tell me that they could not put the sugar (Sucanat) on the side.  "Why" I asked. She explained that the sugar is mixed in with the oatmeal. What??? I clarified in case I had misheard her.  I asked incredulously, "The sugar is already mixed in with the oatmeal? So I can't get oatmeal without sugar?" Correct.  She informed me that they pre-mix the sugar in the oatmeal.  To put this issue in context, a person can order rolled oats oatmeal at McDonald's without sugar.  How do they know how much sugar (Sucanat) I want in my oatmeal?   I imagine they err on the side of "a lot." All of the other breakfast options included animal protein or sugar except for the Berry Parfait. I ordered it without the strawberry yogurt since I assumed that it had more sugar than I would like. I asked for plain yogurt in the parfait. The chef happened to be out on the floor and the cashier (misunderstanding my request?) asked the chef what was in the strawberry yogurt. He stated that it was plain yogurt with strawberries and sweeteners added.  I don't eat pre-sweetened yogurt and figured the strawberries and sweetened granola would add enough sugar to the meal. He said they had plain yogurt in the back and that they could accommodate me. The parfait was fine--lots of large strawberries and sweet crunchy granola.  I tasted one of Mom's tofu fries and it was crunchy and well seasoned. She enjoyed her egg white scramble and turkey sausage side.I understand everyone visiting G & P will not share my expectations. If people are looking for a place with some vegetables and some healthier options, this place is solid.  I love that they have a raw section on their menu. I also appreciate the lean meats on their menu that are not easy to find elsewhere: bison and ostrich. SERVICE: Great service. They did a fantastic job of accommodating me.SUMMARY: Greens and Proteins seems a decent option for those on a plant-based diet looking for restaurant options, those seeking non-certified gluten free options,  or those looking for more generally healthy food options. It was not a good place for me. When I patronize a "healthy" establishment, I am seeking whole foods, less refined sugars and grains, great taste, few if any processed foods, and greater raw (and cooked) vegetable options. I do not think I will return to Greens and Proteins.
3	The food there is unique and pretty true to fact on it's healthy portions and calorie intake I like the location because it's near the gym so if I want a protein drink afterwards that's not from LVAC I can always go there. I do wish they would do something about their AC though the last time the heat was like a little higher then the outside.
4	Alright my first review from my phone! First off thanks yelp, makes it so much easier. Anyways back to the review. One of my favorite things about the Henderson area is the amount of amazing different dining options. I literally could grub off Eastern for a month straight and not get bored. Greens and Proteins is a unique healthier fresh option of just about anything you normally eat. They offer fresh juices and smoothies with everything from kale, to watermelon, pineapple and wheat grass. They also have elk and ostrich burgers and bison cheesesteaks. My personal favorites are the wellness drink (a veggie/fruit mixture) and the berry parfait. That comes with yogurt, house made granola, dried and fresh fruit. There are breakfast lunch and dinner options available, and they come with sides like jicama or tofu fries. This place has made eating healthy so much easier. The staff is polite and educated in the foods they offer. There is also a "spa water" which is a cucumber lemon infused water. YUM. Honestly, I plan on being the duchess to this place very soon. Extra: check in on yelp for a $1 off :)
4	I've been wanting to go check out Greens & Proteins after I hit the gym for months now. I finally did this weekend and was pleasantly surprised with their GREEN SHAKE. I'm glad I chose to use almond milk rather than soy milk in the shake because I think the sweetness helped, but it was still tastier than what I expected for a shake that is mixed with spinach, collard greens and kale! After this first run I know I'll be back to try a few more smoothie options.
5	First time at this place and the food is amazing! I had the wellness drink and my husband had the turkey club. So fresh and healthy! Did not disappoint! The atmosphere was pleasant and refreshing.
2	Came here with a friend and ordered an all raw meal. The jicama fries are plain out bad. There is nothing special about them. The raw pizza had an unusually thin crust like a chip and the flavor was not good either. My friend got the nachos and was also not impressed. Hate to give such a thumbs down but gotta be honest.
4	Yes, it is a bit pricey. However, the food is fresh and tastes wonderful. I only review places I have been to at least a few times...and I have had a good experience at G&P every time I went. The Wellness drink with protein always makse my body feel wonderful. I drink it after I workout on days I feel a bit under the weather, and it always makes me feel much better. The Ostrich burger they have is so good and low calorie as well.
1	Definitely unforgettable !!! I've never had a worse meal, I ordered the "turkey" burger and I'm still searching for flavor!
4	I'm SO HAPPY I finally got to try Greens and Proteins after living here for 1.5 years!! This wasn't the best place to come for hangover food but I'm sad I waited so long to try this place out! Really unique menu items and good for a gal that's watching what she eats as everything has the calorie count and I think most menu items are only in the 300 calorie range. Things coming out were pretty fast but I have to come back again to try a green smoothie here! Check in on Yelp and I think you can get $1 off any smoothie.
5	Eat well and feel swell.That is how I feel after every meal here! It is a really cute restaurant that is always packed and after you taste the food you understand why. The staff are professional and friendly. I have yet to find something that is not overly exciting to the tastebuds.My go-to beverage of choice is the green ginger limeade. It is a drink that I crave all the time!The latest food adventure was the spaghetti squash parm, and I will be back for more! I also highly recommend the veggie wrap. Not sure what is in the sauce but the first bite made me wish all vegetarian dishes tasted that good!
2	I am really not sure what the fuss is all about with this place. The service is abhorrently slow, they aren't particularly customer-centric and the prices for what you get are super high.I've been in several times, don't know why I'm just now writing this, but I get the same thing generally every time.This time walked up and was just asking a generic question, but was definitely ready to order when the guy in front of me picked up the phone and spent 3-4 minutes taking someone's order that was calling in. I just stood there and stared until he was done. Super rude.Ordered the vegetable parm and it came with a small side of spinach. I was under the impression that I was getting a side of spaghetti squash, but it was actually UNDER the parm. Weird. This small plate of absolutely nothing cost me $10. Not happy. I've had pizza here before as well and while it had a nice taste to it, it again wasn't worth what I paid for it.I get the concept here and I'm sure it looks cool when you hang out a place that touts itself as so healthy, but it really is a ripoff and the food isn't that great; it's just OKAY. Save some money and do it yourself, really.
4	Greens and Proteins was good, but every time I come here I wait forever.. I really like their Pizzas, turkey burger, smoothies, soups.
3	I've been here twice with friends.  The first time I got the bison burger with tofu fries (I gave the fries to my friend I DID NOT like them at all.) I wish I had gotten the jicama fries instead.  I got one of the cocktail smoothies which tasted good, but not for the price.  The next visit I got some sorta feta cheese salad that was actually really tasty and added some grilled chicken.  Both visits I paid between $17-$18 which just wasn't worth it to me.
4	Tofu Fries! Jicama nachos! Watermelon juice something.. Everything was pretty delicious being an "almost-vegan" establishment. Our venture here was not a disappointment after discovering the delicious drinks they had on hand and the tofu fries. My mouth is watering just thinking about it!
3	Like others have said, I really want to like this place! Love the idea, but the food is just so-so. I was pretty disappointed.
4	Great Healthy food very trendy atmosphere lots of beautiful women in gym clothes and great service. The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is it's pretty expensive
4	I really wanna like this place. I would give it 3.5 stars if I could. The food is good if you know what to order. If you do not, you might get stuck with something less than good.The good-The juices are pretty good. Never been disappointed here.They have a sort of build your own meal. You pick a protein, grain, veggie and a sauce. That was probably my favorite meal here.I also have tried the Gluten free pizza and it was pretty tasty.The bad-I ordered a burger with a gluten free bun. The gluten free bun was stale and hard.  I was really disappointed.I know people seem to love the tofu fried but I did not like them. They were just rubbery and tasteless.The service for me has always been pretty good. Once, they messed up me and my husband's order and they were quick to make it right, giving us an extra order of tofu fries. Though once my husband went in to pick up our order and a kid at the front desk called him "boss" which really annoyed him. He found it a bit condescending. Yes, I will go here again. I actually meet people here all the time. The dinning room is comfortable the decor is organic and inviting.
4	I finally tried the ostrich burger, and it is excellent!  I had an apple pie smoothie with it and that was very good. I've had a few of the other shakes here as well, and they are all good, but  none of them 'wow' me.  Then again, I'm really not much of a shake person.  Oh, and the tofu fries are very tasty. Same cannot be said for the jicama fries. It is a pricey dining experience.  My ostrich and apple pie smoothie cost me $24.31.  That meal was definitely worth the experience, but I wouldn't pay that much to experience it again.  This place is a rare visit for me.
5	Love this place, i had the ostrich burger OMG it was great having it well done it was still moist and tender. Tofu fries are becoming my favorite.. My friend MMA fighter Kyra had the Chicken satay-6 great size chicken skewers. Great decor and look. The owner was dressed nice and served our food and was very welcoming. Def. going back to this spot in vegas!
5	Perfect post gym meals. Ostrich burger and a Wellness with extra ginger FTW.
5	Ok I don't know what I am gonna do when I leave Vegas for the Basketball season! I am going to miss this place! I pre order my drink via phone and I order it do much they know my voice what customer service! RC and my main man Kevin are amazing! My favorite drink is the wellness little grapes, no agave &extra greens! A must try!
3	I love you Greens and Proteins, I just don't know if I can trust you.Spectacular Food: I saw them make that Apple Pie Shake. I saw what they put into it, and it should not taste as good as it does. There is some witchcraft going on here.Prices: Not cheap. Especially for strip mall food but lots of quality and fresh ingredients make this a justifiable expense. This is not just a bunch of freeze dried crap from the Sysco truck. Here's the thing for this glorious temple of health: we really need detailed nutritional information. Myself and the other regular clients are extremely dietarily concerned. We have Macros and Calorie totals that are a delicate balance, and the nutritional information we get, when we get it, will just be a calorie number. That number is clearly not accurate as often it is attached to an item that can be served seven different ways. They also don't elaborate on side items. We really need detailed counts of carbs, protein and fat and a way to account for how changes in order (extra cheese, different wrap type, etc...) account for changes in nutritional information.I wouldn't normally complain about this for a restaurant that has two locations but this is crucial for this type of establishment. If this existed I would easily give them five stars.
5	Awesome place for healthy food!
4	Had the tofu fries-perfectly done with great dipping sauce. Also had the banana chocolate smoothie-incredibly delicious! Love this place. Definite stop on every work trip to Vegas
5	A really cool place to eat with lots of different options that accommodate any sort of dietary restriction. I really enjoyed my meal, and thought it was a pretty unique way of presenting a menu/choices (as you choose the different foods in your meal from a list of choices for each part that add up to make a healthy, balanced meal).You could go here with a group consisting of people ranging from vegans to people on special diets to somebody who loves meat or seafood and I think everybody would end up happy. Very healthy and just a cool idea.
5	Love it. Everyone was so nice in there. I would definently go again. Must try the smoothies!
5	Love their healthy beast options great value for your money especially after a workout!!!
1	I love the food but I'm NEVER going back to this location! They mess my order up every time and then make me feel bad for it, and then when my remake was ready he walked past me 5 fuckin times like he didn't see me! I'm pissed! Not good customer service! What's the point of calling ahead if ur always gonna mess it up!!!!
5	Great place for people with or without eating restrictions. My mother in law has to go Gluten-free, so we try to find locations that accommodate all palates.  This is one of those places! Although I try to eat healthful, I don't really deny myself good food. This places allows you to eat well and flavorful. You don't feel like you are giving anything up. I had the bison burger with Swiss cheese and jicama fries.I'm also not a fan of green drinks. But I had a taste of the wellness drink and it was really good. So give this place a chance, you won't be sorry!
4	Loved my veggie wrapped in Napa cabbage! Got takeout from here once, rice and veggie bowls, though, and there were NO condiments, so everything was pretty darned bland. I come to places like this to steal ideas for my home cooking.
1	Called in an order for pickup and they forgot the tofu fries for the bison burger and the turkey bacon. The wellness drink is delicious but get your sh** together.
5	Amazing food , so hard to choose from everything . The smoothies and juices r delicious too . You can't go wrong with that wellness drink . Definitely with the hype !
1	Prices are outrageous. $10.80 for a warm salad in a tortilla & you place your own order. I know this place is hip & happening. Maybe that's the draw.Burgers are $9-$14, you place your own orders and atmosphere is non-existent. I really like the idea of a restaurant that offers healthier choices. I buy & eat tofu, organic veggies and grass fed beef. They are marginally more expensive  These prices would fly in a nicer setting with full table service, not a place that feels like a food truck experience.
5	I LOVE the Green Ginger Limeade! Also, this place has nice ambiance... aka attractive women hanging out after their gym sessions. If I lived in Vegas, I'd be here all the time.
5	Great food! Okay prices.Food is fresh and delicious! Great for when I need a break from cooking! No cheating on my diet there!  They have everything you need!
3	I'm hungrily sitting in my car waiting for my friend and this place came up on yelp. I saw a picture of the bison cheesesteak wrap and decided that I needed it.Luckily, I was a couple miles away. When I got there, there was a bunch of people outside. I walked into a half empty restaurant. Plenty of places for ya'll to sit! The cashier was okay, not that friendly or memorable. It always enjoy nice service.Got my food to go and I was stoked. The cheesesteak wrap looked just like the picture, and was pretty huge. But, alas not everything is what you expect it to be. It felt kind of dry. The wrap was definitely lacking. I was a bit disappointed I bothered to take the drive and took the time to get lost -_-The tofu fries, another let down. I know tofu isn't very flavorful, but these fries looked like they should have tasted better than they did. It had a bunch of red powder, but I guess that was just decoration.I would forsure want to try something else here though because I feel like I just ordered the wrong thing.
5	Their green vegie drink was amazing!  The atmosphere is was awesome with free wifi and lots of outlets!
4	Great healthy food and the WELLNESS drink is amazing.  The tofu fries didn't blow me away, but the bison burger is really good.Friendly staff & cute atmosphere. Free wifi. Great place to relax whenever the Starbucks next door is too busy (which is always).Price isn't outrageous for the quality of food.I look forward to coming here every time I am back in Vegas!
5	Love at first sip ... Green Machine shake ... a must have!  and Tofu fries :) nom nom
5	I love this place!!!! I got out of m routine of stopping by but will be making it a priority to get healthy in 2014.
2	I don't know why this place got an average of four stars. I got the egg white omelet with turkey sausage and for the portion size and bland taste, it was definitely not worth ~$8. The only thing I liked was the little orange slice they put on the place. I could make better breakfast at home!Ok my sister's oatmeal was tasty but it wasn't anything I couldn't recreate myself. The girls at the front were super nice but the food was a waste of moolah. If my dinky omelet was $3.99 maybe I wouldn't be so harsh.
4	Love having the wellness after a work out. Always so refreshing and even wakes me up. Didn't love the tofu fries ... But I guess can't expect much from tofu fries. Love the idea of greens and protein and think they will start popping up everywhere
4	Definitely will be back!! Vegan,  vegetarian and Raw options Finally!!!! We had the Veggie burger with out the bun and tofu fries. I am a fan that all calories are posted with each meal or ingredient. Locations all around the city.
4	For my 50th review I wanted it to be a place I newly am in love with which is Greens & Proteins! I've visited them three times now and each time is amazing. They have an amazing menu of healthy items suited for any diet from Atkins to HCG. G&P has it covered.On my first visit I ate their Crab and Avocado lettuce cups. It was very tasty and healthy. The lettuce cups came loaded with real crab! Definitely worth the $9.99 price tag. I also had their Wellness Drink! Let me tell you I am totally in love with their Wellness Drink (minus the pineapple cause i'm allergic). It only has 286 calories and  tastes amazing. I love the green grapes and the fact that they use agave nectar is perfect for my diabetes!!! On my next couple visits I ordered the Wellness Drink of course, but I brought my husband so I could try his drinks too! He tried the Apple Pie Smoothie. It totally tasted like apple pie! The one he got the other day though is almost as good as the Wellness drink ,but it's called the Tofu Banana Split! YUMMY! You can't taste the squash or any veggies that are in it. I recommend this one for your pickie eaters!Greens and Proteins has a nice friendly staff and they are pretty knowledgeable about the food. They are a bit pricey, but the quality of the ingredients makes it worth it to me. I can't wait to go back to try some of their other food items, but I'll be back every chance I get for that Wellness drink!
3	LOL I recommend the V9
4	Love this place. I wish there were more of these around town. I always order the wellness drink and if I'm there for a meal I usually get the BBQ chicken pizza or the California chicken wrap. I enjoy pizza more so it's nice to order this and not feel guilty as it's around 300 calories. As you wait for your order you should sip on their cucumber water! This place has free wifi and a good amount of seating inside and outside. Both of these locations are right next to the LVAC gym which I like. To travel here for a healthy work lunch is far for me, but my coworkers and I have drove the extra 20 minutes, so I guess you can say its good enough!
5	Finding a healthy alternative to normal restaurants without sacrificing the actual taste of the food seems to be getting increasingly more difficult. Greens and proteins has finally mastered this problem and given people conscious of how they eat a place they can really enjoy. Lettuce cups are the best!
4	Why has it taken me so long to write a review for Greens & Proteins? I love this place for all the healthy items they serve, so I was surprised on my last visit that I never wrote one. Let me start by saying that they offer $1 off juices and smoothies with Yelp check in! My go-to drink would be their Wellness Drink. It contains green grapes, green apples, pineapples, oranges, lime, wheat grass, kale, spinach, collard greens, ginger, flax seed and agave. Sounds like a salad gone wrong, but it's delicious. Its sweet, so you don't get the overpowering vegetable taste. Just remember to keep stirring it so you don't get a thick sludge at the end. It's an awesome meal replacement or a post workout drink. Their food is just as healthy as their drinks. Nothing is processed and everything is made to order. I like their tofu fries (light on the seasoning) and their margherita pizza as well. They have burgers and wraps, with the options of whole wheat buns or spinach tortillas as substitutions. They also offer unique items like bison or ostrich patties for your burgers. The prices are a little higher here, but you have to remember that eating healthy doesn't come cheap. You do get high quality ingredients and friendly helpful service. So I think it's so worth the price.
4	I can say I've only had one item on the menu that I wasn't a fan of (Veggie Garden Burger), other than that I have liked everything else I've tried on the menu. I like that both locations are located in the same plaza as the gym I belong to, it's convinient to grab a bite to eat afterwards. So why not 5 stars? Here's my beef with G&P:1. The listed calories next to the item doesn't count the entire entree, i.e;      *Turkey Burger w/ alfafla, L,T,O and low fat cheese (served on a bun and tofu fries) that is everything included in the entree, so my thought would be the calorie count should include everything, right? Nope, it doesn't include the bun or the tofu fries or the cheese. 2. Food should be organic for the price. Especially the vegetables/fruits going into the juices & smoothies. Average price is $7.50.3. Employees should be more knowledgable about their product. When I asked two employees about the calorie count, both gave me a different answer. Also, when I had lunch with my vegan friend, she asked if the sauce that came with the tofu fries was vegan, the girl had no idea, she had to go in the back to ask. Turns out, it's not. I still like the place, I am just more aware of what I'm eating here. There are a few items on the menu I'm in love with, vegan pizza, tofu fries and the wellness drink, these will keep me coming back, also I love the cucumber water.
5	Angus Burger 5/5Tofu Fries 5/5 Jicama Fries...cold sticks with seasoning that look like fries 5/5Watermelon, Raspberry, and Strawberry Juice 4/5Recommend and we will return
3	I was extremely excited to try Greens & Proteins. Their veggie burger and tofu fries were praised by many so I figured it would be as amazing as reviewed.I was mos def disappointed. The patty was really soggy. The texture was just weird and unlike any GOOD veggie burger I've had before. The tofu fries were OKAY. They were really crunchy on the outside but inside, it tasted like a soft scramble of egg whites. I don't think mine were cooked enough. & there were only 6 fries. SIX. Maybe if I had 10, I would've ate enough to have the same result as most reviewers.  The experience didn't kill my hope in Greens & Proteins. I just won't ever have a burger there again. But I definitely will give their shakes a chance. They looked amazing!!
4	Very good food.  I normally get the Bison Cheese steak with a spinach wrap when  I go.  I have also had the Ostrich Burger and a few other things as well.  I have had most of their Juices and Shakes as well.  All of the food has been very good.  It's always been good service as well.
4	I like to imagine everyone wants to shop at whole foods on a regular basis, but of course the luxury of doing so involves shelling out the dollars for a fraction of items, as opposed to the loads of groceries you can get somewhere else. But this isn't a review about whole foods is it? I always think these health food places are just a fad, I reference that specific store because they are known for fresh deliciousness, I visit it from time to time, buying $15 juiced items when I feel like I want to support John Mackey and Rene Lawson Hardy. I love the movement of natural produce, I don't love the prices though, but let me just say Proteins and Greens surprised me, I honestly thought I would have I regret my purchase but I was fine! No buyers remorse!First of all big shoutout to the cashier for so pleasantly manning the line, the situation was heavily trafficked and she did it effortlessly! She prescribed the right thing for me to try and now I fell in love with this lil gem of a healthy dine spot.Bison cheesesteak and tofu fries. Let me just say I hate tofu (except one specific dish that my friends mother makes)... These fries will change your tofu-hating life. DELICIOUS.Ok. Let's talk about the "Wellness Drink"Green grapes, green apple, pineapple, orange, lime, wheat grass, kale, spinach, collard greens, ginger, flax seed, agave You know what. Done talking. 'Twas a spectacular first for me.4 star, it is a little pricey- If I'm already spending that I expect all organic.Plus side: Whole Foods juiced drinks you get a tall for like what? 12 bucksHere you're getting a Venti for 7.50
5	I'm addicted!!! This place is absolutely phenomenal. If you're counting calories or looking for a healthy alternative, you can't go wrong with Greens and Proteins. Their Salads are delicious, the pizzas are amazing, the juices and smoothies are super healthy and tasty, and the Tofu Fries WOW!!! I will continue to come back.
4	My favorite local spot in town! Great for lunch! Love the salads....food is fresh. You won't be disappointed!
5	After a night of drinking and dancing, we came here the next morning. I got the Green Leaf Berry Blast smoothie and it is simply, hands down, the best smoothie I've ever had in my life. I could call it a vegan milkshake instead, because it tasted JUST like ice cream. Places like this not only make it easy to be vegan, but so rewarding. My friend got the Apple Pie Smoothie and she really loved it. We both agree this is the best smoothie place as of yet. Gotta come back to try the rest of the menu.
3	I first started coming here about 2 years ago. Staff was really friendly, helpful AND, if you asked nicely, would get more smoothie if there were leftovers available. It was tasty and fairly priced. Always fairly empty even though a gym is in the same mall.  Looks like the gym rats in their gym clothes have finally discovered G & P's. The price is up about 25% for the smoothie, and the wait is up as well. I would have gone back, but the price increase deterred me.
5	The customer service was so extraordinary, I am updating my review to reflect my experience. Both the owners responded to me. Whether they do or not is not personal for me - it's business. And they both care for their customers and their business. I got the Green Wellness Smoothie- tastes good AND I get my vegeys and fruits. Even my carnivorous buddy's getting a smoothie here. I love the concept. And the staff is friendly and helpful. I'll be back.
3	Delicious and way healthy for what I'm used to! I guess that's a good thing after having giving birth to a baby boy and slacking off on the workout. It kinda makes me want to go back to the  gym. Had the granola French toast and wellness drink. Hubby got the p&g breakfast burrito..yum! All tastey and good, but way too pricey for my drink and toast was a bit soggy. Thank god for groupons!!!
5	Omg!! This place is so so so good!! We got the ranch BBQ chicken pizza and it tasted better than CPK and its healthy!! We will quickly be regulars here because it's delicious!!!
4	Try the WELLNESS DRINK. It's green and might look questionable but trust me, it's delicious. They're tofu fries with aioli on the side is tasty and a great alternative when you're a French fries addict like myself. Haven't tried everything on the menu but so far I've noticed their burgers and wraps are the winners. The place itself is very trendy and clean. The only downfall of this place are the prices. Definitely not cheap. Expect to pay at least $8 for their drinks/smoothies.
4	I was skeptical about going here because I thought it would be flavorless since its so healthy... This place is REALLY GOOD!! I havent had anything that wasnt good yet, I would go here more often if it was closer.  I really like the Bison Wrap and the Margarita Pizza but the pizza to get is the BBQ Chicken Pizza!!
1	Awful experience here today.  I work in the Las Vegas service industry so I am fully aware of service standards. When I walked in at 4:30pm there was no one in line.  I knew what I wanted to order so I went straight to the register to place my order (1 Apple Pie Smoothie).  The two female employees prepping ingredients continued to chit chat with themselves, not acknowledging my presence for a full minute of standing at the register.  Finally one came over and took my order, my name, and payment.  The other employee started working on my smoothie.  I watched her pour in almond milk and then dump at least a CUP of nutmeg in my smoothie and gasp 'Oh my God' to the other employee.  (A little sprinkle of nutmeg goes a long way).  The two of them decided it best her her to  scoop the nutmeg out with her gloved hands.  Unsuccessfully, she decided to start my smoothie over (thankfully, as I watched her like a hawk, regretting having just paid $8 for a smoothie).  Meanwhile the other employee helped the two customers behind me as I watched employee 1 take her sweet a$$ time re-making my smoothie.  The other employee managed to make FOUR other smoothies (for customers behind me) in the time it took employee 1 to make one smoothie.  This all took about approx 10 minutes.  Then, employee 1 tried to give my smoothie away to another customer behind me.  I finally walked up and said, "that's for (my name), right?" "Oh oops, here you go!" was her response to me.  No 'sorry about the 10 minute wait'.  Sorry Greens & Proteins, no matter how hungry I am and how hard it is to get a healthy snack when I'm all the way across town, I will faithfully use my own Blendtec at home and make better, cheaper smoothies.  And I"ll make sure to tell my friends.
1	We have ordered Greens and Proteins to go, many times. The food is delicious, the drinks are good *although I question the validity of the nutrition, as the other reviews mention* and it is insanely close to our house which makes it a quick and easy option. The prices are a bit high, but the quality in the food is worth it for a quick bite. They have always messed something up on our order, but they usually fix it with little complaint *although there has been some in the past*. Today, they refused to fix it and we will not return again because of this. We ordered a pizza, burger and two drinks, as normal. They routinely miss the drinks on the order, but usually make them quickly when it is pointed out. Today was a different case; the girls had a horrible attitude, barking that the order did not include drinks. My husband explained that it did, and they finally decided to give us one, but would not give the two that we paid for. I have a call out for a manager to return my call to issue a refund to my card, but with their attitudes, I am not hopeful that I will ever actually receive this call. We were willing to pay the price for the food, but the attitudes and poor customer service are something we can't live with. You just lost a weekly customer - bummer!
4	Love the green juices!
4	Greens and Proteins is a great option if you are looking for something quick, yet healthy.  The skinny chef salad is a favorite of mine!  You can also get 1/2 salad, which is nice if you are not too hungry.  I would go there just for the free cucumber/lemon water!!  It is so delicious and refreshing.
4	Yummy and healthy
5	First place I go to eat when I'm in Las Vegas!  Great healthy food!
5	I was really impressed. The menu features  delicious healthy options with calorie information. I enjoyed a bison cheesesteak that was only 600 calories. My partner has pizza with hummus as the sauce and feta as the cheese. Cucumbers represented the pepperoni. Very good affordable meal.
5	I've been wanting to try this place out for a while since I've been looking for healthier alternatives for lunch while I'm out in the area.  I was not disappointed.  The menu boasts a wide range of choices without being overwhelming.  I had the bison burger with the fried tofu and a green ginger limeade to drink.  The bison burger was cooked perfectly; juicy and flavorful.  The fired tofu was excellent--I never thought bean curd could be made to taste so good--I had to remind myself I was actually eating tofu.  And the green ginger limeade was surprisingly tasty--light with a hint of ginger; not too sweet at all.  I will definitely be back to try the ostrich burger and fried jicama.
4	The food is very good.  Its the best healthy burger I can find in town.
1	Very disappointed after finding out that they are not organic!! I thought a place called greens and proteins would be an organic focused place! Don't be mistaken people!
5	Great place, but be prepared to spend a penny. Recommendation is to try the wellness drink most definitely
3	Just tried this place due to it's glowing reviews from several friends. I saw a Groupon for their breakfast and figured it would be the perfect opportunity. We ordered the G&P breakfast burrito, egg whites with sausage, and the whole grain pancakes. The burrito lacked any kind of flavor and was very wet. It was literally laying in a pool of liquid. I didn't try the sausage for the eggs but my stepson didn't care for them at all...once again no flavor.The pancakes were the best out of the three, but were kind of on the dry side. I didn't mind but my significant other doused them on extra syrup.I will try this place again, just not for breakfast. Maybe come back around lunch time bc that menu looked great.
5	The food is delicious, the staff are friendly and the service is quick. The green shake and Wellness drink are my favorite. Sometimes I'll customize my orders to change things up and G & P satisfies all my needs. It's nice to find a place that serves quality food.
4	I thought this place was awesome! I had the buffalo cheesesteak sandwihch with a side of jicama fries (not cooked...raw) which was a very welcome and wholesome change for the norm. The atmosphere is modern. Seating is pretty ample and comfortable for all sizes. Most of the patrons have on workout clothing as the LV Athletic Club is in the same shopping center. Parking seems a little cramped but there's always a good amount of parking spaces available. They also have cafe seating with very nice furniture. I was impressed and will definitely be returning.
5	This place is Amazing.. The burgers, shakes, wraps.. Everything! I love the quality of the food, it's always fresh, the staff is always friendly and happy.
5	Awesome food!! Can't believe how good the smoothies taste considering all the veggies in it.We have had all of the following: green smoothie (recommend!), watermelon smoothie, chocolate veggiechino (realllly good), green leaf berry blast.Breakfast burrito, Greek scramble, Multigrain Protein Pancakes with Bananas & Pecans (awesome! Can't believe how fluffy they were in consideration), Southwest Tofu & Chorizo Burrito, Real Deal Oatmeal (this was really nice too!), and lastly, but not least, the Margherita Pizza (this tasted really good, got the thin crust, tasted really fresh). I would just like to say that we did not have this all at one time. This was with three people on multiple trips! Everything tasted good but these are the ones that stood out and I would recommend: green smoothie, chocolate veggiechino, watermelon smoothie, the banana pancakes, real deal oatmeal, and the margherita pizza!
3	As an update, the manager did call and spoke with me about it. He seemed sincere in trying to resolve the issue. We did order last week online again without issue, in fact, they gave us 'extra' on the drink since we added protein and it wouldn't all fit in the glass. Have ordered protein everytime and have never had that happen, it was a nice surprise. Changed my rating here to three stars for overall experience seemingly getting better.
4	I tried the lettuce crab wraps and the bison cheese steak wrap.  I have to say they were both pretty darn delicious. I couldn't imagine a cheese steak wrap, let alone a bison, but once I took a bite...mmmmm was all that I hummed.  I have to say, as a wrap I couldn't even eat everything.  As a matter if fact I saved the other half for dinner.  I could not decide between the tofu fries or the jicama fries so I was able to go half half.  They both were good, but I did favor the tofu fries.  I think I might order that as a side by itself too.This seems to be a pretty bust place, the whole time we were there, there was always a line. But it moves quick.  The servers, if you dine in, are quick and pleasant when serving and taking away your plates.  I'm pretty excited that I tried this place out because I'm coming back to try even more things.  I'm going to also try some of those yummy smoothies I kept seeing everyone order.  Yippie for greens and proteins!
4	The lunch choices are really good and the jicama fries are delish. I dont like the small amount of breakfast items they carry but everything can't be great, right? For the people who are calorie counting, the calories they put on the menu are not very accurate so beware.
1	Just received the worst service at greens and proteins ever.Unbelievable. I called in the order, picked it up and the dressing was missing, the pizza was sitting there already cold, and they acted like it was my fault that the dressing wasn't there.  The crust on the pizza is burnt, I am disappointed because I frequently dine at greens and proteins, its a bummer when one of my favorite restaurants delivers poor service. Children on board, HENCE THE REASB I CALLED IT IN!!!!
5	THIS PLACE IS AMAZING! I love the healthy atmosphere this place has and how they create such delicious entrees that are good for you! The bison Philly cheese wrap is delicious and the bison burger as well! The chocolate peanut butter banana shake is so decadent and it's a little pricey (7.50) but the portion size is huge! So it's definitely worth it. The people there are really nice too! They cooked my moms steak well done and she wanted medium rare and so they made her another one and there was no attitude or anything. Definitely recommend !
5	Why aren't you in California!!?? I was in Vegas about 3 weeks ago and tried this place out. Admittedly I am not a super healthy eater, but my friends who live in Vegas are and they swear by this place. I went for lunch and had the Bison Cheesesteak and it was amazing! And the fact that is was much better for you than a traditional cheesesteak was even more amazing. I went back a couple of days for breakfast and it was just as good. The best thing I can say about this place is that you don't realize you are eating "healthy" food. The taste, portions, and service are great. If I could, I would eat there all the time!
4	Always good! Yummy eats... Bison Burgers... I mean, come on ;-) My hubby loves them! I no longer eat red meat, however, If I did... This would be my spot for it... I love the broccoli soup, Chicken Salad, hummus platter... not like original hummus, however, still pretty good ;-) If you are on the prowl for some healthy, yummy eats... then, this is the place for you!Besides the fact that they are neighbors to Starbucks ;-)~your constant companion,~dee
2	I was really excited to try this place finally because of all the great Yelp reviews.  Unfortunately I wasn't excited when I finally went and checked out the prices.  You get what you pay for, right? Eh.This was a stop after yoga - I thought it would be nice to have a low-calorie fruit smoothie to come back to reality before going home and cooking/cleaning.  I ordered the Loaded Antioxidant Chiller - green grapes, blueberries, blackberries, agave nectar (188 cal).The lady at the cash register seemed pretty indifferent, so I can't say if it was good or bad service. Indifferent service? Sure. It was a bit of a wait for JUST a smoothie when there were only 2 or 3 people ahead of me.  The atmosphere is nice at least - I do enjoy the indoor waterfall wall and natural tables.Got my smoothie and left.  The taste was good - nothing to really OMG over - but I don't think it was almost $6 something good - and that was with my $1 off Yelp check-in!I dunno, maybe I need to order food but the prices are a HUGE turn-off.  The yummy pictures of tofu fries may bring me back.  Stay tuned...
5	It is SO hard to find healthy food in Vegas! Normally I would probably give this place 4 stars but because it is so hard to find a healthy place to eat out they get 5 stars! Order the protein pancakes, turkey burger, or fruit juices! All delicious!
5	We were in April 12th in the am.. We had a wonderful server, she was VERY attentive, asked how our morning was, ECT. We were very impressed with Tomisha and will be back soon to see her again. ALWAYS a smile, great conversation, and overall just great food and service!
4	I had Straight to the Heart juice. The ingredients were green grapes, honey, avocado pit, wheatgrass, ginger, and lime. The first couple of sips were a bit bitter but overall was it was ok. I did try the Green Ginger Limeade and it was good!The menu did have a variety and I like the fact you can build your own meal. Overall this place has something for everyone. Definitely coming back.
5	I like this food.  Seems healthy. Good value.  Two locations.  Jicama fries are awesome.
5	This place is like my second kitchen. I love everything on the menu, especially the French toast. They make it easy to maintain a healthy diet for a person who's constantly on the go. Plus they are more then happy to adjust your order to your specific diet needs. I'm a ovo vegetarian and asking for a substitute of eggs in a wrap or burger instead of the meat is never an issue.
5	Greens is my everyday lunch spot. There are so many options. I never get bored. Tofu fries, extra crispy, the bison wrap or the low calorie Caesar salad with salmon are to die for. Never thought eating healthy could be so yummy and addicting. Love this place!!!
3	Good Smoothies and Juices but ehh on the salads and over priced.I guess if you stick a healthy label on a restaurant you would always expect to pay high prices. What I do like are the juices and smoothies as their made from real fresh ingredients. The last time we were here we ordered the "Green Shake"; "Green Ginger Limeade" and the "Albacore Tuna Salad"The "Green Shake" comes with Banana, almonds, mango, orange, apple, avocado, spinach, collard greens, kale, vanilla, agave nectar. Sounds like they put the kitchen sink in this shake but you can taste hints of every ingredient. You get a dose of fruits and vegetables and an added extra protein burst with the almonds. You can substitute this for a meal as it's very filling. The "Green Ginger Limeade" comes with Green grapes, spinach, ginger, lime, agave nectar. Its a very refreshing drink and its not filled with a bunch of sugars. One of the things I love about this drink is the ginger. It does not overpower the drink as it adds a unique sweetness. The "Albacore Tuna Salad" comes with Tomatoes, celery, cucumbers and bibb lettuce, Dijon dressing. Now this was such a big disappointment. My thoughts ordering this was I was going to get seared tuna on top of greens but to my surprise it was canned tuna and the large size was priced at 9.99. I felt like I just got ripped off. The dressing was also a little too strong with the Dijon but at least it killed the taste of the canned tuna. I would definitely come back for the Juices and Smoothies but would hesitate to order another salad. There are other selections available on the menu like pizzas and burgers that I might try next time.
4	TOFU FRIES!! I like it here. Ok, it is pricey here but it definitely is quality. I normally get one of the many pizza options. I do like the Greek pizza mostly. You have the option to have your pizza crust as low cal lavash, gluten free crust or pita. Also you can have vegan cheese (nope, I will never order vegan cheese). Definitely the favorite menu item is the tofu fries. Crisp and well seasoned. I had the turkey burger with tofu fries last time I was here and it was sheer perfection. The smoothies are yummy and jam packed with nutrients. Also they have wifi which was helpful when I used to have to study. Definitely a good place to go and not feel guilty afterwards and still feel as if you had a filling meal!
4	Super healthy food and very clean restaurant! The bison burger was so good and I did not feel weighted down after eating it. Many veggie and vegan options as well as regular diet to choose from. I am not a fan of jicama but the seasoning on the jicama fries complements it well. I would go back to try to beverages they offer.
4	Excellent attempt at doing a restaurant that is healthy and yet accessible to everyone.
4	I was pleasantly surprised with the bison burger I ordered from Greens and Protein. Burger was cooked perfectly and it tasted so good I almost felt bad about eating it. But then I remembered it's a bison burger on a whole wheat bun. Wish there was a location closer to me because I would be here all of the time.
5	I write this review with tears of gratitude in my eyes. I'm visiting friends in LV for a week, and I'm wicked broken. You think gluten free would be hard, try being gf, dairy, soy, canola, rice, and potato free (amongst others) due to sensitivities. It's rough. After carefully reading their menu for about 8 minutes, the wonderful cashier helped me out with a few specifics. I ordered the bison patty with kale and sweet potato mash, and the lump crab and avocado lettuce cups. I watched as they made sure EVERYONE in the kitchen was alerted to the specifics of the ticket, consulted the recipe book just in case, and made sure they had my back as they prepared my food. It was all great, clean food. I couldn't ask for more. Thank you so so much. Recommended to every person around.
5	Please open a location in Santa Monica!  Tried the ostrich burger while traveling and need to have it more often.  Great, quick service and high quality nutritious food (actually healthy not "healthy-like").  Good variety - want to try everything on the menu!
5	Stumbled upon this place and so glad I stopped!  Had the Green Ginger Limeade!  Only 176 calories and it was so good - green grapes, spinach, lime, and agave nectar for the sweetness...it was so refreshing and loved the ginger kick.  It was good but not overpowering.  I read some of the reviews that said the menu was limited.  I didn't think so at all!  They had a lot of options... and the best part is they serve breakfast all day!  I had the scrambled eggwhites and turkey sausage.  I asked them to make it into a wrap so they did.  It was great!  And I ordered a side of the Tofu Fries.  Definitely do the tofu fries... they were so good!!!  I was full, but didn't feel disgusting. It was the perfect meal after my workout!!
5	Indeed a healthy and delicious choice!!! eEven though some foods many be bland they're still pretty good and best thing, you can even taste how HEALTHY they are ;)
4	Yum and yum. A haven in strip mall hell. I had mixed plate and it was so flavorful and healthy.
5	Yummy Yum Yum!!Such excellent, kind effective service and a delicious meal. Today is a great day, thank you Greens and Proteins~ Redemption!!! LoL!Greg, Thank you so much for being conscious and in care of- honestly I am blown blown blown away.
2	First visit: caffeinated smoothie. TERRIBLE. You think it'd be good, combining two of my favorite things. Think again! Second visit: berry smoothie. Still not a good flavor. Plus, my friend order a small cheese pizza for her four year old (no kids menu options). Pizza came out wrong. They were nice and quickly fixed the situation after minor pushback. Overall- overpriced and overrated. I wish we had better smoothie place options in this area for post gym snacks!
4	I've come here a handful of times for a guilt-free post-workout meal. I love the various options that make eating low carb easy. The proteins (chicken, salmon, etc.) always seemed to be well seasoned and tasty. But I recommend you ask about the preparation of your sides if you get a plate - sometimes they are not seasoned and you need to order a sauce that will compliment them well. Also - dog friendly. It has outdoor seating (in the shade) where they will bring you your food after you order at the counter.
1	Not impressed with this place. Don't waste your time it's too expensive and they don't deliver on the food descriptions.They should  stick to smoothies.
5	While attending a  training in the area I fell in love with this place..  I ate there every day ... and later was bring others from the class.  I love organic and healthy choices, juices, smoothies, vegetarian and vegan options.... and this was a perfect place for me. Thank you .
4	Let's say...it smells healthy and clean in the cafe. I know that might sound weird but when you go to this place to eat you will know what I mean. I elected to try a protein shake here today and skip the Las Vegas Athletic club whey drink I normally get. The line was long and the dining area was packed. The staff was quick and friendly. I ordered a peanut butter banana smoothie which was chalk full of veggies,peanuts,raisins etc. I elected almond milk as well. The price was reasonable and I received my smoothie really quick. As for the taste... Less to be desires but good for being healthy. I would order a different shake next time. The texture was too gritty for me. I prefer my smoothies.. Well smooth! The food looked amazing and smelled great. Everyone eating seemed to love the food. I was impressed with the menu and hope to go back soon and try a bison burger! Yum!!!
4	If you want to eat healty - quickly and at a resonable price, this place is great. It's self service and the decor is nothing special, but it provides exactly what the names says.
5	If you want cheap , go somewhere else . If you want to eat clean and bomb food at that , this is the spot . So far everything I had here is awesome
5	The food is great. The employees are great. I just call or walk in and they already know and remember my order. Food brought to you and tabled cleared for you. Yes it is pricier than most, but it is healthy, tasty food. Owner is involved and there in the mix bring food to tables. Liz is great. Right next to gym so after a great workout a great meal. Clean and pleasing atmosphere. Try it. Greg and his staff do it right every time. Like another lady said, it is my second kitchen.
5	My favorite place for healthy eating options, and post workout refueling! Pizzas are delisH on lavash crust. I've also had the breakfast burrito and burgers which are also yummo! Love the atmosphere,  staff is always friendly!
5	The wellness drink is top notch.Bison wrap and the burger are excellent.It is a "got to go to" if you're looking to eat clean and are in the area. My kids eat here with us and they enjoy it. Thanks to LVAC being near by the customers have a tad of the "look at me I'm eating organic" douchey feel but it makes for good people watching.The staff works fast and are pretty nice. The guy posted up at the counter (manager/owner) keeps things running smooth. A+.
2	Not organic enough, not gluten free enough.  A tiny bit vegan friendly as long as you eat any old vegetables, and most vegans don't. We pay attention. My regular cities where I dining are NYC and LA so by comparison it may have led to me be harsh with only two stars because for vegas this place might be a three or four star but for overall healthy food restaurants coast to coast it is a solid 2 star. My preferred combo of gluten free and vegan was too much for this place. That's normal. So, Conscious eaters need not apply. I was drawn in by the name because it sounded like something on Abbot Kinney - the hippest spot in Venice, CA. It's not truly a healthy food restaurant if you're actually into ACTUAL health food. If you're in transition from Chili's, Subway, TGIF's etc then this is a great stepping stone to Whole Foods or the vegan menu at the Wynn. The young guy behind the counter was not interested in my questions to determine what I could eat that had no eggs and no gluten. The answer "Not sure" when I ask if something has eggs or gluten is a bit of a lame response. The answer to what I could eat there was nothing so it didn't really matter anyways after all. My friend ordered a BBQ chicken pizza for takeout and devoured it, but since he regularly eats at Jack in the Box and McDonald's taking his word for quality food feedback is hardly realistic. In fact, his diet was so foul we had to cut way back on the hanging out. TMI. Still, people who go here seem to be enjoying it and the smoothie though not organic, that I took one tiny sip of, was pretty good. If you're not crazy picky about what you eat you'll love it and if you're a food snob keep driving.
4	Love the Wellness smoothie and tofu fries! Pizza and all the burgers are good too! Hummus is a little too dry though.
5	The people and the food are great!!! The staff is friendly and the shakes are so refreshing. Good little spot for a nice lunch with family and friends. Thank you Tyler for you exceptional service (:
4	Omg i love this place. The food and drinks are always on point. People are very nice. I usually go around lunch and its pretty packed so it may take a while to get your food, but the food always makes up for it. I like to venture out and try new things here from the menu! So far I have likes everything I've tried.
5	This place is amazing!!! My favorite place in vegas. The wellness drink is a must have! If you want to eat healthy but not sacrifice flavor!
5	At this location I've only had the raw macho nachos and the green smoothie but both are amazing and they are really fast here (compared with my experience at the other location, which isn't terribly slow; this place is just faster.)I really like the raw menu items they offer at both locations and the smoothies are so filling and tasty. Everyone I've brought here for a drink/smoothie wants to go back all the time. Super delicious! :D Oh and the people behind the counter are really nice/positive attitudes - double :D
4	Crave-able is the gluten free crust Mediterranean pizza with extra kalamata olives... Extra Russian sauce from the double order if tofu fries... Seriously brilliantly yummy. Bummer was the wait for the wellness drink- however, smart that I called in the order. Amazing is this place. Good on ya that you are so busy... Deep breaths that we regulars have to wait for what we love. (Today it was worth it!)
4	love this place! great healthy food. breakfast burrito is amazing here. :)
4	Great place to eat healthy for breakfast lunch or dinner. Smoothies are a little pricey but otherwise everything else is amazing.
1	Have eaten here many times since it opened. Today is the last tho. It's happens to me three times now so I don't know why I'm surprised but I ordered egg whites and sausage and also protein pancakes. Turkey sausage was raw and like jello when I chewed it so I immediately spit it out and go to eat the pancakes and they are still batter inside. Smh. Like I said last time I ever eat here.
5	Excellent service, employees are always helpful. The food is great taste is wonderful, the customer service is excellent. I would highly recommend Greens and Proteins.
1	Service was slow, eggs not crispy at edges and firm in center when ordering over hard.  I love oatmeal and this place charged more for it than starbucks next door.   Next doors starbucks had better tasting n consistency oatmeal at half the price.  The plates are large, but the food rather bland.   I just can't see eating here again.  I can see eating next door at Starbucks again.  Also, don't check in on yelp here.  The service are oblivious to the discount.  Overpriced place with bad food and a nice name.  I think it would have been healthier to not eat than eat here, despite the nice healthy name.
5	Best selection and a favorite every time I'm in vegas. The menu caters to all....diet, vegan, whatever. ...it's all good. The chocolate peanut butter Nanna shake rocks.....
3	You have to ask for the veggie burger to be prepared "vegan" style.  They delivered it to me with non vegan spread. So be careful if you are vegan as they do not cater to vegans. Also your burger will be cooked on the same grill that a ostrich or bison burger was cooked just previously with the grill merely wiped off before your vegan burger is cooked. The food is good, but not certified vegan. The wellness drink is good, but not organic. I would skip this place if those things are important to you.
4	First time here, and I'm impressed by the menu size. They have anything a health-conscious citizen could ever want. Coming from a late night gym session, I stopped by here to please my appetite. I ordered a Bison Cheese Steak. It was fat and juicy enough to make my taste buds dance. It wasn't by no means a tango but more like a waltz, softly making you go hmmm.. that's interesting. Nevertheless it was delicious in its own respect. Tofu fries was great as well. I had a smoothie I can't remember but it was decent. I will return for a second opinion on the other items. I recommend this location to anyone enthusiastic to care enough about this review.
4	Pricey healthy food. But good! I love their smoothies/juices, lots of different options. My favorites are the Wellness drink, Green Leaf Berry Blast and Apple Pie Smoothie. They list all of the ingredients and calories on the menu so that's great.As for food, they offer a great variety as well. Soups, salads, BURGERS, PIZZA lol, raw and smaller items. I must say, for being super healthy, the tofu fries are actually pretty good. I also like their Bison Burger and BBQ Chicken Pizza. Where else can you eat a whole pizza for around 350 calories?? Score!If you're an avid greens & proteins person, they have an app where you can place orders. It's pretty busy most of the time so that's helpful. Workers are friendly and there's a bit more wait time so give them an extra 5 minutes.I was thinking to give them 3 stars because it's a little pricey and because nothing is like omg melt in your mouth i'm craving for it good but then I had to smack myself and remind myself what type of business they are. Let's get real, it's not meant to taste like cheesecake factory with 1500 calories per dish lol for the type of food they offer, they do amazing. And again, for the type of food they offer, it's naturally pricey anyways so 4 stars! Don't forget to check in for $1 off juices and smoothies!  :)
5	G & P gets better all the time. Varied menu selections make this a favorite place.  What impresses me as much as the food quality is the fact that if something is not to your liking (and no place is perfect) just explain that to them & they will eagerly make it right.  This is a quality, healthy, & well run restaurant with freshly prepared smoothies & food that will please you.
5	The best place to hit after a workout! So convenient and most importantly AMAZING! I love their wellness drink and the build your own menu. While on contest prep I was able to grab a quick, healthy bite here and they are always willing to customize your order (no added salt, oil, etc.) Everyone is really nice and helpful, but Mariah makes the best drinks in town! She always has a genuine smile, friendly attitude, and seems stress-free---even with a line out the door! Keep it up guys!
3	This place isn't too bad. If this restaurant were in California I would give it 2 stars, being that it's in Vegas I'm just glad there's a place for people who want healthier eats. The food was a bit bland but I'm sure I would visit again if I need something fast and healthy.
4	Literally the BEST juice I have ever had. I'm honestly, extremely picky about juices...haven't found one that I liked...till now! The Wellness Drink is one that is a must try. It had green grapes, green apple, pineapple, orange, lime, wheat grass, kale, spinach, collard greens, ginger, flax seed, and agave. The proportions were perfect that you don't taste too much of one ingredient. I only gave it 4 since this is the only item I've tried. I wish they brought it to LA, it would do so well! Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm DEFINITELY coming back.
5	Who says healthy food has to be boring, bland and unsatisfying? I've tried just about everything on the menu at G&P and the food is filling, flavorful, and crave-inducing. Trust me - you don't need to be a health nut, workout warrior, or calorie-counter to appreciate the great food at this place. Whether you're bringing along a picky kid, a demanding spouse, a high-maintenance date, or a complainer co-worker, the menu seems to have something for everyone... And the biggest surprise of all? Even my Dad "the diva diner" loves Greens & Proteins! This place is also extremely well-run with the type of customer service we demand and expect here in Las Vegas. Best of all, the most beautiful bodies in the city seem to eat here everyday, giving Greens & Proteins the best "views" in the valley. A few people on "Yelp" have complained about the prices, but I honestly don't get where they're coming from. This place is not Taco Bell, folks. You're paying for high quality, great-tasting, healthy food here -- not processed belly fill packed with preservatives that only tastes good when you're hammered or "high on life." For what you get, the prices at Greens & Proteins are very reasonable, in my opinion.I typically choose the "Build Your Own Custom Meal" option, where you pair a grain, vegetable, and protein of your choice with your favorite sauce on the side. I usually opt for the bison patty ($12.99) or the chicken breast ($9.99) and always have a hard time deciding which delicious sauce to order (the options are aged balsamic, spicy peanut, citrus BBQ, walnut cilantro pesto, teriyaki, lemon vinaigrette, or tangy buffalo). The Bison Cheesesteak Wrap is also one of my favorite items ($10.99) and I usually see a bunch of them getting ordered during my visits.
5	Love this place! Just left there and had an amazing experience. Being new to Vegas from California is a bit rough being that the health food options here are scarce. I was so happy to find this place. I had the veggie wrap and my husband tried the veggie burger, we both agreed that it was the best veggie burger we've had. I took a few bites! the customer service was above and beyond! This is the kind of place I was worried I wouldn't find when we first moved here. I will definitely be a regular!
4	This was my first time going to a restaurant that offered really healthy dishes and foods of this scale. I came in here not knowing what to expect. It's a cute place with nice, fresh decorations! The cashiers were really nice and easy to talk to - they explained thoroughly any foods and drinks I had questions about. Though it is pricey, the quality of the food does show.I got the summer berry salad, which consists of berries, spinach, goat cheese, and raspberry vinaigrette. The ingredients were really fresh! Some of the berries are REALLY sweet by themselves, but the taste can be easily toned down if you eat the spinach and goat cheese with it in one bite. The contents of the salad worked harmoniously with themselves!I also got the white chocolate veggiechino, which is their healthier version of the frappucino. I don't remember what exactly they put in there, but they put a lot of greens that it made my head spin from reading the description. I was expecting it to taste like a veggie smoothie, but no! It was pleasantly sweet, even with all the greens they put in there. It didn't taste anything like Starbucks frappucinos at all, which was very nice.Overall, I wouldn't mind coming here again. Maybe next time I'll try the Thai peanut chicken satays.
5	The most amazing tasting salmon, quinoa, broccoli, with balsamic reduction ever- salivating happening well after eaten- beautiful meal! Mouthgasims... Food porn in its finest. Is there really anything better than great service coupled with brilliant fucking, tasting sexy healthy food that makes the body quiver? Hey, man food matters- this body temple is served and happy. Cheers Greens and Proteins- Molecularly Happy!
5	This is one of my favorite places to each lunch! It's walking distance from my office and the food is amazing! Great quality and healthy. The staff is very nice and the owners always make sure that the customers are happy. Highly recommend greens and proteins!
4	I love it when a place proves me wrong (especially when food is involved).I figured this healthy food joint located next to LVAC on Eastern was going to leave me hungry, but their their egg white & turkey sausage breakfast plus the Wellness shake/juice left me plenty full with a little Wellness leftover for lunch. Their tofu home fries convinced me that tofu wasn't as evil as I have previously experienced!The service is what I would compare to a Panera or other sit down/fast food place. You walk in, order at the counter, they give you a number to set at your table, then they bring you you meal. Service was fast & friendly and the staff was friendly and knew their stuff despite looking young (must be all that healthy food!). They don't do delivery, but you can call ahead and then pick up your order. The food was clean, healthy and they had plenty of Gluten Free options (bread & pizza crust) to choose from and their was no guilty aftertaste!
3	This time I ordered the granola french toast with a juice containing watermelon; apples; kale; blueberries. The french toast was poorly executed. In certain areas it was undercooked and it contained too much granola that was not sticking to the bread properly. When I finished I was left with a plate of granola. The juice was also disappointing and had a watered down taste from the ice they used. I like the menu here however some of the recipes need tweaking.
5	Amazing place for those into the health food lifestyle, or just anyone wanting a delicious, healthy meal or yummy smoothie. I love almost everything on the menu, especially their smoothies and breakfasts. It's a great place to sit and do some work on the laptop, or to get some fuel after a hard workout at LVAC.
4	I've mostly had the juices here, wellness juice is my usual. Most juices and smoothies have a fair amount of sweetness although most of the staff is open to slight adjustments to the recipe. The most vegetable based juice is V9, it's great though. Juices are made with a Vitamix. Restaurant has a laid back atmosphere.  You order your food at the counter and wait for your food at the table. Free wifi. Bright green decor makes me happy. Can order ahead, but don't call too far in advance, a juice sitting around too long thickens.
2	Not impressed with the service. Waited too long and it wasn't busy? Stood around and watched them talk to their friends.  I wanted to try it because I heard it was good but the flavor was just ok. I guess I expected better by reading all these great reviews. I think people believe that its more healthy by eating here but are you willing to pay for it? Not healthier because they put extra granola on things!!!There are other places that have better service and quality. I will try other places and don't see myself returning. I will get my juice at Wholefoods.
5	Amazing Yummy- MOUTH BLISS- MOUTH JUICY, MOUTH-GASMS!!! Seriously beyond amazing meal!!! Greek Bliss Bowl or Great Greg Bowl OR Amazing Angela Bowl- it's not currently on the menu- the ingredients are Quinoa, Lean ground Turkey, Cucumbers, barely cooked tomatoes, Kalamata olives and feta cheese, just Fucking YUM! No seasoning needed!How great is it to create something and the body does flips to the nutrition the food being consumed is providing such well needed nutritional value. Eat to celebrate life!Just ordered a bowl to go today from G and P after Soulful Sunday at True Fusion... Excited to taste it to see if they were able to recreate what Greg created... We will see!
2	Hey Greg,It's your favorite yelper (NOT ;-) Please teach your people how to create the Greek protein bowl to the exact equation of how you created it- came in for it on Sunday and told them what to do and- not good. Thanks- I will change the 's when I can walk in an be thrilled with Protein Bowl Bliss. I think I called you Frank the other day to your face- you look like a Frank... Quite FRANK-ly- Greek bowl perfection PLEASE!
5	CAME IN FOR THE ~V9 (carrot,celery,sun dried tomato,scallions,cabbage,garlic,yellow squash,zucchini,orange,lime and vegetable stock=279 cal) The place was clean friendly folks working here and helpful! My juice was tasty and very earthy in flavor and not bad! Hey If you want a break from juicing at home come here hangout you can pick the strong wifi from the Starbucks next door... also they have 3 big screen TV's! The place is very chill....
3	This spot was just OK for me. I am hoping it was just what I ordered, which seemed a little bland. Maybe I really had a hankering for something savory at the time - just trying to give them the benefit of the doubt!The restaurant was definitely clean and service was friendly. Although it was lunchtime during a weekday and it was busy, I thought they were serving customers in an efficient way. I will be happy to give them another chance and update my rating as necessary but for now... meh!
5	Love this place, eat here at least once a week. Bison Cheese Steak and Chicken Sausage Pizza are amazing. Just got the Bison Burger. Sooo good. Healthy food that tastes good is hard to find and they are definitely the best I've had in Vegas.
1	Today I got a bison burger with a side of frustration.I really love the food at greens and proteins and have been eating their since they opened, but they have screwed up my order up for the last time. I will not be back. Hopefully the owner will see this and let the employees know they need to pay attention to what people order.
5	Very friendly service and delicious food that is great for you! The wellness drink and loaded antioxidant chiller are great drinks loaded with nutrients. The bison cheese steak is crazy good too! Great place to eat right after LVAC! I go 3x a week at least and it never disappoints.
5	Love that you can build your own meal! I had grilled turkey breast, spaghetti squash, and avocado, with lemon vinaigrette. It was great! I shared the summer berry salad (per the guy behind the counters recommendation) with my boyfriend (without the cheese), and it was delicious!We also shared a green smoothie, and it was fantastic!My boyfriend ordered the bison burger with jicama "fries." He said it was wonderful!I tried the jicama fries (jicama and cayenne powder) and they were good!Overall great stop on our road trip! We got our food quickly and the staff were friendly! I would definitely return!
5	Love this place! The food is clean and refreshing. Does not have any gross "healthy god tastes" yummmmm
5	I was looking for a healthy breakfast since I have been feeling under the weather. Turns out this is the perfect place with the perfect drinks. I highly recommend the Wellness Drink
4	After a morning of errands I was starving...but also sick of eating heavy processed food! A quick yelp research lead me to this place. We really liked this place overall. Love the fact that the company has lots of meatless options and healthy earth conscious meats.We got three smoothies and drinks 1. Tofu and banana split (no agave can't stand it) 5/52. Wellness drink so good, green with a hint of nirmeg 5/53. Green-leaf berry blast. Not that good weird off flavors all 3 of us tried and didn't like it 2/54. G&p breakfast burrito-delicious with turkey and home fries made of tofu 5/5
3	Would be a 5 star but no employee knew the price for an extra ostrich patty, after a discussion the cook said between 5-8, a girl whispered to the cashier just do 8 thinking im deaf. No set price so charge as much as you can. Nice ethics
5	I live this place and wish there were more places like it in Las Vegas. I usually get the Greek scramble. It is healthy and only $6.95. Can't beat it. Everything on the menu is really tasty. The mock lettuce chicken wraps are another one of my favorites. If you're hungover hit a few rounds of the complimentary spa water. Stay with G n P!
4	I always love grabbing a quick and clean power lunch at Greens & Proteins! I usually get the Bison Cheese Steak Wrap in a spinach tortilla. Side of Sriracha sauce. Amazing! Also try the tofu fries, they are delicious. Top it all off w a Green wellness juice and you've got the perfect balanced lunch!!
3	It was alright, we where all hungry and expecting filling fresh food based on the menu & pictures.  It was just ok nothing special salads where exactly what they where lettuce nothing spectacular but for $11.00 you'd expect to be full.
2	Very bland.  No soul.  Im a healthy eater, but the food here tastes like it slapped together by food preppers not chefs.  Skip it and go to Rachel's or Daily Kitchen...Much better.
4	So fresh!  I love this place.  I only give it a 4 star because it's a bit pricey.  I love the fact that they have ostrich!  Hard to find.  There's so much on the menu that I have to try.Tasty, healthy food, what more cold you ask for?  Don't forget to try their cucumber water.  So refreshing on a hot summer day.
1	I made the mistake of coming in during the lunch rush. It was my intent to treat a colleague with very specific tastes to lunch. When we arrived, the line was twelve people deep, so our assumption was the food was worth the wait.As we waited we noticed the manager or owner take a person out of line and personally take and expedite her order. At first, I thought he was trying to speed service. The woman in front of us commented, "if I were in tight spandex maybe I'd skip to the front of the line too." Sure enough, the helpful employee did not take anyone else out of line to take their order and stayed chatting with the young woman until her smoothie came.Meanwhile, my associate noted prices were higher than she really wanted to pay for a smoothie or lunch. Since we were already waiting and the lunch hour was winding away, I reminded her I was treating.Adventurous, I ordered the ostrich burger with tofu fries. My companion ordered a smoothie and a make your own meal with salmon and rice. By the time we paid, the helpful manager had long since seen his prey leave with her smoothie and was sitting alone at her table on his phone texting or maybe yelping. We waited to take our food to go. As we waited, we both cringed hearing the cook at the grill sneezing. This is incidental as I'm sure he was sanitary about the sneeze, but it's still not something you want to hear as your food's being prepared, and it bolstered a so far unsatisfactory experience.We eventually received our order and rushed back to our office to eat.My coworker's first comment in the car? "This smoothie is terrible. I can get a better one a Whole Foods for half the price." We waited till the office to start in on the rest. My ostrich burger wasn't bad. This was my second ostrich burger ever and it ranked top two. The tofu fries were actually pretty tasty. Unfortunately, my coworker's meal wasn't as tasty. Already unhappy with the smoothie she asked me to taste her rice. The rice was still uncooked. The fish on the other hand was overcooked. For the rest of the day all I heard her say was, "that smoothie was not worth nine dollars" and "how hard is it to cook rice?"
3	My friend had been wanting to check out Greens and Protein, so I decided to join in for dinner. The place is cute and very modern with a green and fresh-looking atmosphere. I opted for the bison burger with tofu fries. The food arrived quickly and it didn't do much for me visually. The burger was cooked decently, but the flavors were lacking. Everything was a little bland. I love tofu, but the fries were rubbery and the jicama fries I tried from my friend's plate were ok. I usually like jicama a lot, but these were overly vinegary and not what I was hoping for when I bit in. Most others seemed to agree since most people were dumping a majority of their fries in the trash that I saw. The burger was solid, but nothing else really hit home for me. I appreciate the "healthy" food they seem to pride themselves in here, but I'd have to try more to see if there's anything that really hits the spot for me.
5	Truly one of the best restaurants we've ever been to, the vegan raw cashew chicken lettuce wraps were incredible, so fully satisfying and the service was impeccable. We will definitely be coming back!
5	So I usually end up here really sweaty and hungry after a class at Body Heat. I have tried many items from their menu and have enjoyed them all. I love their outdoor seating and their spa water is really refreshing. The have calories displayed on their menu and nutritional information if you ask for it. My favorites are The Wellness drink, Turkey Burger protein style with tofu fries, the BBQ chicken flatbread, and the tuna salad lettuce cups. The staff is knowledgable and friendly  which I really appreciate. I can't think of one thing to critique this place is great and I will keep coming back.
4	"I really want a rooty tooty fresh and fruity... But I'll settle for this delicious healthy Greek scramble!
4	There are days I count my calories and there are days when I just don't as long as what I'm eating is of quality ingredients and not laden with empty calories. This Greens & Proteins location is located in the same parking lot as LVAC, Xtreme Sushi, Pho and Yogurtland on 215 and Eastern.Bison Burger:Grilled bison, lettuce, tomato and onion (546 cal). 4/5Ostrich Burger:Grilled ostrich, alfalfa sprouts, lettuce, tomato and onion (354 cal). I love ostrich burgers! 4/5Extra Lean Certified Angus Beef Burger:Grilled Angus, lettuce, tomato and onion (444 cal). 4/5Jicama "Fries":Fresh jicama in vinegar and Cajun seasoning. They are NOT fried. I like jicama for the crunch factor and its ability to somewhat absorb flavors from whatever is added onto it. 3.5/5Tofu Fries:Fried tofu with Cajun seasoning and Russian dressing. I love tofu and these weren't a bad French fry substitute. 4/5Tofu Banana Split:Tofu, banana, pecans, vanilla, strawberries, peaches, squash, cabbage, carrots, and agave nectar (547 cal) with almond OR soy milk. Pretty high in calories for a smoothie - you might as well drink this as a replacement meal if you are counting your calories. Even though I picked almond milk, this smoothie tasted like soy milk with fruits and veggies - and I liked it. 4/5My food was ready in about 20 minutes or less. The smoothies are about $8 and the burgers are $10-14 depending on what meat you pick. They also have veggie burgers. Next time, I'll try the Green Leaf Berry Blast (255 cal).
5	Great service- Greek pizza gluten free crust- with extra kalamata olives wonderful meal with tofu fries and extra Russian dressing. Happy Mama Happy Children- simply YUM!
5	Delish! Lots of options, had one of the best vegan breakfasts I can remember. Something for everyone. Affordable.
4	Lots of healthy options. I love getting the "create your own" because I can keep my dinner low calorie and clean by doubling up on the greens. Also, the gluten free pizza is really yummy. I suggest getting it extra crispy though. Only downfall for me is that their "juices" are smoothies and not green enough for me. Overall, a great place to check out if you ate trying to eat healthier
5	Not much more can add to reviews with Greens and Proteins...right? Oh but there one thing that stands out BIG time that must give out  yelp love. The main reason got bumped up to five star! I have been the other location on my side of town. Wow! The food am sure just as good (on this visit only came in for recovery smoothie aka went with Green Leaf Berry Blast) as the other location. I have always been fan of with the healthy choices. The prices can be pricey but in this case your getting the quality you pay for and they have nice diversity of options. The WOW factor for me. The interior design was SOOOOO much more pleasant then the other location. Maybe its because I believe this is the mother ship or the first one in Vegas. So the interior design is totally pimped out with personality and makes you want too come back rather then the bland blah interior of the other location. Here so many things that stands out soon as walked in. The fake waterfall coming down on the wall, the green chairs, couple wide screens places next to the waterfalls, and everywhere look love the interior design. The fountain area with the cucumber water dispenser adds nice touch then your normal fountain station area. The customer service is fabulous. I jus wished they could have flip flop the interior design to the one closer my side of town then I would be duke. Lol!
5	Love this place! I love the juices and burgers. Very healthy. I highly recommend this place
5	I'm new in town and found this place next to the gym. Asked the pretty lady working there what she recommended. I ordered the bison cheesesteak after a work out. Wow. Couldn't finish it although I gave it my all. The tofu fries were something else. Take out service was speedy. We need more places like Greens and Proteins.
4	It's usually pretty busy, but at least I've never been disappointed by their smoothies. I always get the wellness drink. Definitely a favorite!
5	After trying many other "healthy" restaurants in the area, I have come back to try greens & proteins a few times and had to update my review because it really is delicious and nutritious! I love the "build your own" option where you can pick a protein, veggie and carb. I'm now addicted!
3	I've been to Greens and Proteins several times. I appreciate the quality of ingredients and having a place to eat at on the go and I don't have to feel guilty or worry about how it's made.My last few visits, I realized how boring and uninspired their food is. It's dull and lackluster. It's almost everything I dislike about clean eating.G&P offers healthy/raw/healthy versions of classic foods: burgers (beef, ostrich, turkey, veggie, etc.), pizza, salads, wraps. They're vegan, Paleo, Gluten-Free, Raw, vegetarian, HCG, and carnivore friendly. Anything good made there, I can make at home for way less, and have several servings.I'm really mixed up about this. It very much has its pros and it's cons. Vegas doesn't have a lot of guilt-free dining options, so it's refreshing, service is great, it's always clean, and the staff is super friendly and knowledgable. I'm torn. Will I continue to give them my patronage? Yes. The advice I offer them is to start thinking outside of the box. Please?Food is prepared well.  It's so simple and uninspired. How about doing something like, The Pinterest Clean Eating Recipe of the Week or some shit? Come on G&P!Pro-tip: Get those tofu fries and whatever sauce they're served with! Amaze balls!
4	This place has really good smoothies. The food wasn't bad but I'm just not into healthy eating. My health conscious bf loved it though.
2	this is an interesting place i really enjoyed the customer service although they will a little busy to help me i do feel like the business has a fight chance due to the name greens and proteins but the problem is that their line has the potential of being run right out of the door. meaning there is no place to stand if the line gets too big. drinks are way over priced and really are nothing special. i haven't tasted their food yet but i imagine its the same as the smoothies. i am a fan but i don't think the business will last very long if you ask me.
5	Healthy and delicious!  The wellness drink is amazing and green!  Pizza, turkey burger, bison steak, ahi tuna.... all great!  Get the tofu fries too!  Enjoy!
5	I'm absolutely obsessed with this place. Great way to eat out and eat healthy. The staff is attentive and personable. The food always comes out amazing. Very fresh, flavorful and completely healthy. I eat here almost every meal. Lol  I can't stay away. Like I said I'm obsessed!
3	When we arrived to Vegas, I decided to check out Groupon deals and sure enough this place popped up. When looking at the menu on Groupon it showed 2 vegan breakfast wrap options. When we arrived to place our order they only had one. Oh well...we decided to go with the Tofu Soyrizo Spinach wrap. We still had money left over and was going to get the Tortilla soup but it was considered a lunch item and not part of the groupon deal. We asked the cashier what else on the breakfast menu is vegan? He said the oatmeal, parfait and our wrap. We just had oatmeal that morning so we weren't in the mood. We double checked with him if the parfait is vegan because it said "yogurt" on the menu. He said yes, so we assumed it was a soy or coconut base...Oh HELL NO!! We later found out after taking several bites, me running to the restroom all night and calling them back that it had dairy. Not a happy girl. This point I would give them a hater review but the wrap was actually good. Maybe it was a training error on the managers part. I would recommend the Tofu Soyrizo wrap. It was very flavorful. Right amount of "sauce", preventing it from being dry. The added side  of tofu fries compliments the wrap. Vegan-avoid the parfait and Everyone else-definitely order the parfait. Although we were "snaked" the granola and the large amount of yogurt and fruit can make this a fulfilling meal.
5	Thank you for the best Greek, gluten free crust pizza on the planet.Appreciate good food and great service massively, majorly, magnanimously
3	The food here is good, and I like eating healthy. But there's lots of things the staff does here that make it unsavory. It's not uncommon for me to find moldy berries in my "summer berry salad" or hair in my food from and an employee with hands in their hair. I've seen employee's prepping food and taking calls on the phone, using the register with gloves on, answering the to go phone with gloves on then keeping those gloves on to prep food. The menu is good, and the food can be good if there's no hair or moldy berries,  but the people who work there need to be re-trained with health code standards. Also, I notice they get  to go orders wrong (which is obviously annoying) and charge a few bucks higher for the same order than the west location, and when I inquire as to why, sometimes they correct the value and sometimes they don't. I think it's embarrassing to argue about a buck or two with and employee who is just a kid and looks at you like are you seriously arguing about a buck or two.... But, yeah, why is there a price difference? I don't want to be charged more from the same order when I eat at both locations a few times a week. Sometimes they charge you for cheese sometimes they don't stuff like that. I think the place has great potential but staff has room for improvement and need training both in procedure and health standards. This review is based on my experiences at the Eastern location.
4	This place was very cute and the food was delicious, I ordered the tortilla soup which was a bit too rich for me but it was filling. I'm glad we stopped in on our long drive back home.
4	I love this place.  Great healthy food!  The quinoa salad was delicious and the turkey burger was super good.  For a great healthy meal this is the place
5	Love this place! Nice outdoor seating and the food is fantastic and healthy. The juices are fresh and not bottled. Greens and proteins is a great place to hang, meet-up, do business and enjoy great healthy food! Try it! The have a great free spa water in the back!
2	Hey guys salmon rocks, mushy over cooked broccoli...Bummer. Still love it here, fucking starving! Errrrr....
5	In Vegas for my boyfriends family's Thanksgiving celebration.   On Plane ride the flight attendant told us the first place we had to go to from Airport for lunch was Greens and Proteins.  We took her advice and couldn't be happier.  This is our second day in a row here.  The staff is amazing.  You can tell its a great place by the way everyone is smiling!   Also, there were two fighters from the money team sitting next to us!  I highly recommend this restarunt!!!
5	Great protein pancakes and french toast! Nice small breakfast place with tons of healthy options
4	This place is hugely popular with people leaving the gym next door. It has a huge healthy menu and I tried the salmon with avocado and quinoa. $12. Pretty good but pricy I thought. Hard as a first timer to read and figure out their menu. Not enough pictures. Looks like lots of other things to try.
5	Always out first stop when we go to Vegas! Great healthy eats! The bison wrap is amazing!
5	Only had a few misses here.  Nice, friendly staff, great ahi tuna cooked to perfection!  Love the hummus too!!
5	short and sweet this place is awesome! the wellness drink is great and the tofu fries were a nice surprise! if I had one of these places close to home I would come here every day!
5	Good healthy food, fast friendly service,and right by the gym, what else do you want?
5	AMAZING. And I'm far from a health nut (I like to pretend I am sometimes.)Sometimes you just want something that's gonna make you FEEL good during and after you eat/drink it without sacrificing taste entirely. I had the green shake and it's incredibly tasty!I think I've found my first spot to stake residency in. YUM!
4	I first came here with a friend after some intense workout/yoga sessions. She got the protein cakes which were surprisingly really good. Usually with protein cakes, they're dry, rough, and you feel like you need a glass of water near by while you're eating them, not these protein cakes though! they were just right; fluffy, tasteful and healthy! The two times I've been here, I've gotten the the ginger green smoothie. I love all of the ginger that's in this drink and its refreshing taste. The only complaint I have about this place are its prices. Being that they're items are on the pricey side, it's probably not a place I would suggest going to every day. But of course when it comes to healthy, organic foods, the slightly high price is understandable.
2	The title on the front: "Healthy Kitchen", that alone should be the warning. If a business has to advertise that, they are trying too hard.Maybe we have high standards because we are from California where we know what good, clean Vegan food actually is. When we walked in the manager/server (?) jumped up and said "Hello, Welcome", then went back to leaning over the front counter with his phone in his face. Everything seemed okay while ordering at the counter. The realization that I was in a gross place started when I went to pour water. Tap water from the Coke machine. What "health" oriented  business has anything to do with the Coca-Cola company (FYI: corrupt evil corporation). Any truly healthful food restaurant knows what clean/pure water is. Not this place.When my Veggie Burger arrived the GF bun was SO DRY and starchy it was like eating stale duck feed. And it's not just my bun, my husband had a standard wheat bun with his veggie burger. I went to the sidebar to check out the condiments like ketchup and mustard: SYSCO. If the basic condiments are SYSCO with high fructose corn syrup, just imagine the rest of the ingredients in the kitchen, and their source. Some of the reviews here say "I'm glad they use high-quality ingredients", that is not possible if their main supplier is SYSCO. We asked for another ketchup or condiment option that did not have High Fructose Corn Syrup from the server/mangaer. He said that was all they had. Lame.The Veggie patty was bland beans. The Tofu "fries" were so fried there was no tofu left in the middle, shriveled and soaking in oil. Gross.The Thai ginger soup I got was like a think gloppy pudding. I tried putting it on my burger like a condiment to make it more edible. Didn't help. My son got the GF Veggie pizza, the only thing flavorful on the table, because it was drenched in oil. If you have HEALTH standards, are Vegan or Gluten-Free, I would NOT recommend this place. It is a cheap chain, with rip-off prices. Unfortunately, we left half of our food on the plate uneaten, walked out highly disappointed and feeling sick and gross from the quality of food.
4	Not sure what to expect at first, but pleasantly surprised.  Had the buffalo wrap - very good.  Felt good after eating there  - so healthy food...
4	great green smoothie(forgot the name)ok chicken quinoa salad (special) needed some flavor kinda bland but looked healthywill come again
5	Tofu fries! The yummiest snack! Especially while I'm studying! Also their wellness drinks are amazing especially after a good workout
