3	Have eaten here twice. Both times I was a little...how do I say it...underwhelmed.  Fish just not quite as fresh as it I've found it at other places. Rolls not quite as tight, or interesting as other places I go to regularly....like Sakana.  In this part of town there aren't many places to get sushi, so it's convenient but not where I'd bring a date.  More of a...I need a quick sushi fix kind of place.
1	Hubby and I used to come here all the time and we've always had good experiences. Lately when I've been on that side of town and wanted sushi, I'd go to Temari, remembering how good it used to be.Not anymore -- I made excuses for their decline in standards.I'm not sure if that sushi chef was being trained, etc, but the rolls were a bit off -- they fell apart easily and the fish just didn't taste as fresh as I remember it being. The rice for the sushi tended to fall apart far too easily -- that was pissing me off. I had more rice in my soy sauce dipping bowl than on the actual sushi roll itself. Yea, I was pretty peeved, but that was nothing compared to what had happened minutes before...Their sushi menu is a bit confusing as well. I am used to a menu where you can check things off on the left hand side of the column, not the far right. I made the mistake of checking the box off to the left, thinking I was ordering california rolls and an eel roll. Imagine my surprise when sashimi arrived instead of nigiri.They charged me for my mistake. It was an honest mistake and frankly, I love sashimi, but I've recently had a bad experience with sashimi in California that left me feeling like I was hovering close to death...I was in zero mood for raw fish. What should have cost me about $18 in sushi ended up being $30 for my mistake...lunch there used to cost me somewhere between $15-$20, including tip. When all was said and done, the bill was $42 for 2 people...and my cousin hadn't even ordered sushi!My cousin had ordered the chicken teriyaki which she said tasted like they had just straight out added corn flour to soy sauce. She said she'd never had a bigger salt lick in her life. The chicken was overcooked and the only thing I *think* she enjoyed was the salad on her plate...oh and the rice that came with the meal.The end of the meal came with complimentary ice cream -- as if that could make me think about coming back here again.The service was fine, but I found the tables a bit sticky...like they didn't wipe it down well enough. I had forgotten how cramped it felt in there until I stepped through the doors.Sayonara Temari...you lost a once faithful customer. I discovered Sakana and Four Seasons.
4	My husband and children love Temari. Danny & Saki (Sushi chefs) really make you feel welcome. It's family owned and full of regulars. The portions are very generous and the prices are great! We have been going for 4 years and tried other places and always end up coming back here. Great neighborhood sushi bar. Minimal seating, can call ahead to check availability. No reservations can be made. Try the Tuna Poke #7, Playboy roll, Spicy Salmon Skin Hand roll. Yum.
4	I've been a regular at temari's for a few years. I've read some of the other reviews and couldn't agree less with the negative one. Temari is a small and authentic Sushi experience. The cooked food is fine but the Sushi is the best part of this place. The fish is always fresh and the preparation is second to none. Its a full notch ahead of places like RA as far as creativity and quality sushi chef's. The place is small and on a weekend night there is a wait to get in and service can be slower than usual. they have all you can eat handrolls for $20! Try the "triple" and the "spicy salmon". Also a great all you can eat cooked dish called "shabu shabu", its very good. A great low key place! Sit at the sushi bar for the full experience.
1	I was stuck in Mesa on business trip for 3 weeks and was dying to have sushi. OMG, this was one of the worst sushi experiences ever. Some of the items were so atrocious that I took one bite and even did not touch the rest, which do not happen often. Shari was made poorly, fish was not so fresh and the knife skill was crude.   Seriously, I was so afraid that I would get sick after eating there (I didn't).  This restaurant is NOT authentic.  I actually feel bad giving only one star since everybody at the restaurant was so nice (well, except that they totally ignored the fact that I did not touch one piece of the remaining nigiris. Shouldn't that be a red warning sign that something was definitely wrong?), but hey, when the food is memorably terrible, you can't help it.
5	I have been coming here for well over 5 years and is one of my favorite sushi places in the valley.  You wouldn't expect much from a tiny sushi place in Gilbert, but this place is definitely worth a shot.  The service is always fast and friendly.  Their prices are reasonable and have an excellent selection of  fresh sushi.  I have even told the chefs to "surprise me" a few times and they have always delivered some pretty amazing rolls.
5	My husband and I have been going here for 2 years and every visit is wonderful.  We hate the trendy places like Ra etc and I'm really surprised at some of the reviews on here.  It's a small intimate place and our last visit Friday night, we arrived tp a full packed house.  And there's a reasonfr this, the best sushi on this side f the valley.
4	Temari doesn't look like much when spotted from busy Val Vista Drive but don't judge a book by its cover. Inside this quirky strip mall Japanese eatery awaits some seriously tasty sushi. We ordered three massive rolls--Saki, Something Bad, and Tropical--and each one packed a ton of fresh flavors (we liked the Something Bad roll best). The service was efficient (fist bump for the dollop of strawberry ice cream served with our post-dinner fortune cookies) and the setting was quiet and comfortable. I will definitely recommend Temari to all of my friends, especially those living on the East Side.
2	My girlfirend suggested that we come here for dinner.  I am not an expert Sushi diner but I have eaten at several local Sushi restaurants as well as several in San Francisco. I found the menu to be over complicated with the descriptions of the different rolls. It seemed as if it was trying to not be a Gilbert, AZ sushi bar and rather somthing more sophisticated and failed.It was not busy at all and it took a really long time to get our food and we didn't get everything we ordered due to a possible language barrier. The highlight was the sign that said Forks = $1.
5	Best sushi I've had in Arizona, by far. My boyfriend and I recently moved to Tempe from Gilbert and still make the trek to eat Sake's tasty creations. He knows what we like and always suggests new rolls. The service is always great too and you get free dessert at the end. Love love LOVE Temari.
5	I agree! Best sushi in town! Great place for a birthday dinner.  Let the wait staff know and they will take care of you.
5	This place is absolutely the best sushi in the valley. No question about it! I eat here at least twice a month and love it. Probably 100 rolls on the menu and Sake (world's greatest sushi chef ever) probably has another 100 in his head!!! You must go and see for yourself. Ask for Sake and just tell him what you like and he will give you a list of rolls to try. Definitely try the Grand Canyon Roll, Phoenix Suns Roll, and the Tuna Poke for sure!!! If you want something different try the Romantic Roll, Cowboy Roll, or the Smokey and the Bandit Roll!!! Enjoy
5	Great place.  Small, good atmosphere.  I'm not a big sushi fan so I ordered a ramen dish (which was good) but I tried some sushi others had and it was probably the best sushi I've ever had.  The "Romance Rolls" were great, as was the Las Vegas Roll.
5	Love Love Love Temari! My sister lives right accross the street from this place and we always try to meet up here for lunch!  Been going here for 3 years now, seriously, nothing fancy but the best sushi!  My work takes me to some of the best restaurants in town, but I LOVE the idea of going to Temari, casual, relaxing and just plain good food!
4	Great spot for sushi. Started out with some gyoza, followed by inari, mackerel nigiri, and a lobster and shrimp uramaki .  Mom had the chicken teriyaki.  All very good.  The only thing that was flat was the miso soup.
5	You gotta get the Tuna Pokie !!!!!!   Awesomely delicious.
5	We moved here from southern Cal and have always liked the smaller, more intimate sushi bars we found there. The last two years have taken us all over the valley trying various sushi bars and find ourselves returning to Temari for above average sushi and rolls in a smaller, more personalized atmosphere. The service is above average and we have yet to be disappointed in the quality of the food. Danny and Sake are talented and knowledgeable sushi chefs and the prices are definitely below what you would expect to pay for the quality of food served here. While I enjoy sashimi and sushi, my wife loves the Sumo roll and also has a new favorite that Danny makes special for her called the MB roll. Do yourself a favor and stop in if you are in the area. Don't let the location or exterior appearance fool you, this is an above average, regardless if where you are from, sushi restaurant.
5	Instead of writing a long review about how epically awesome this place is, let me tell you the secrets. Do NOT order off the menu. Sake, the owner and head chef, makes up rolls all the time, and me and my buddies are in there trying new things out and just having a great time with Sake. Turn the sushi sheet on the back, and write down:(listed in order of favorite)-Poki #5 (sashimi... this is my favorite thing on the menu)-Primo Roll-Phoenix Suns Roll-Green Apple-Tucson Roll-Sumo Roll-Pretty In Pink-Coconut Roll-Lemmon Quist rollI bring people here all the time and order these rolls and EVERYTIME I slay them right then and there with the best sushi in AZ. You MUST order Poki. Its rated from a scale from 1-10, 10 being the most spicy. I recommend a 4 for your first time, although I typically order a 5. If you are not as hungry just take my top 3 rolls. I implore you to just trust me with these recommendations. Welcome to awesomeness.
5	I haven't been to many sushi places in this state, but for Arizona standards this place is good.I'm not too picky when it comes to sushi, and am willing to try pretty much anything. As long as I don't get sick from food poisoning, I'm a happy camper. I've been here a bunch of times and everything that I have eaten has been really good.Everyone that works there is really nice, the restaurant is cozy and intimate, and it isn't pretentious at all. Water glasses are always filled and everyone that eats there always seems to be having a good time.They have a huge selection of rolls to choose from which to me was a bit overwhelming, but I wouldn't consider that a complaint at all. I always enjoy the free ice cream and fortune cookie they give you too :)
4	My husband and I ordered 3 rolls (Paradise, Val Vista, Dragon) all of which were AWESOME. BIG, FRESH, and loaded with great taste combos. The long roll menu (3 pages!) has good descriptions of rolls.  Bill came to $49 for 3 rolls,1 sashimi, 2 appetizers, 2 fountain drinks.It was happy hour 5-6 so the appetizers were BOGO.  We ordered edemame and some teriyaki chicken to give to our toddler.  I like my edemame with more salt - but it was hot and yummy.Great friendly service. Fast to refill. Server brings complimentary raspberry ice cream with the check! yea!This will become a new go-to place for sushi for us (along with Sushi Ave).  Only negative...no prices on roll menu and sushi bar is small and filled up (no biggie for us since we needed a highchair for the kiddo anyway).We will be back!
2	Competent udon and ramen noodles but the sushi was lacking.  3 star food at 4 star prices=2 star restaurant. It's... okay and that's it.
5	Fantastic place for sushi in the east valley! Been going there for a few years now and have always had a great experience! My wife lived in Japan for 4 years and says it reminds her of the little sushi restaurants in Japan. The waitresses are always extremely nice...great place. Quality of fish is great! Rolls are fat and they always seem to have special rolls to challenge your taste buds. Highly recommended!
4	Danny and Saki are always friendly and suggest new rolls. I usually only eat sashimi and the fish is always very, very fresh. Only once in a dozen times going there was the service bad.
5	Hands down, the absolute freshest sushi I've ever eaten and this is now the only place I'll go for sushi! A++++
5	Best place for Sushi in the Valley, order the PRIMO roll, you will not be sorry, finally some culture in Gilbert!! See Saki he is the man:-D
5	I DO NOT like Sushi so I cannot give an honest, accurate review of Temari's Sushi,  however my hubby adores the stuff so we go to Temari's often! What I would like to tell you about is some of the items off the regular menu...  The Teriyaki Beef Rocks The Karaage Chicken RocksThe Chicken Katsu RocksThe Salad Dressing is the best in town!!!  So there you have it if you are a NON Sushi eater & want to go to dinner with a Sushi Lover... Go Here. Side noteMy hubby always orders the same 3 things:Tuna Poke  ( #8 Heat Factor)Primo Roll and the Val Vista RollHe also loves the Fish over Rice Sampler Platter  (Nigiri?)The Staff here is Great Go during the week Sit at the Sushi Bar
5	Wow, well move over my former #1 sushi spot - Temari just bumped you!So my friend didn't feel like driving "all the way over" (5 whole miles) to our regular spot and mentioned Temari and based on the reviews we decided to give it a whirl.  SSSSsoooooo glad we did!Nice atmosphere, kind of reminded us of a NY restaurant, long & not very wide, full of good food and conversation.  Our waitress was very nice and  helpful.  Average prices for the most part, although we gorged ourselves silly and the bill was testament to that!I was a little leery about the huge amount of rolls they had on the menu, but we sampled 6 or 7 different ones and enjoyed them all.  LOVED a few.  The Hot & Saucy and Primo rolls were our absolute favorites, the former highly recommended by a lady sitting nearby.  Both were nice and spicy and fresh, well made and so damn tasty. Their chili sauce and garlic sauce rock, and contrasted nicely with another roll we got that had a lemony sauce.  They have a large variety of rolls from savory to spicy and a few on the sweeter side.  If they do them all as well as the ones we tried, kudos to them.  The sashimi tasted fresh to us and was nicely done as well, we had some different tunas and unagi, they were all good.Now I just have to find more sushi buddies so I can go often!!  Oh and another bonus, less kids than at other places we've been  :)
2	its hard to find a good sushi place in phoenix.so this place is not an exception. they do have tons of rolls menu, but not very creative.majority of the rolls are made almost identical to the rest of the rolls. - cream cheese, tempura. what's up with that.the rice. this place also did not get the rice right. over kill with the rice vinegar + sugar. yea. sugar. I can still taste it. terrible when you eat the rice with over power taste of vinegar and sugar. and then, they use a lot of sweet sauce (unagi sauce) to make the food taste like chocolate cake (very sweet in a way) and one of the item they use tons of mayo.
5	Best sushi in Arizona! If it is not on the menu Sake will make it for you! Also the freshest sushi around. Nice atmosphere & reasonable prices! My husband and I eat here 2-4 times a month and are never disappointed. My favorite is the white tuna sashimi and my husband's is the sumo roll!
5	Best sushi spot in AZ, I have eaten at many sushi spots and this one takes the cake! It is the most creative and innovative sushi in AZ, see saki at the bar for some sake recommendations and a custom roll.
4	This is our favorite sushi restaurant to go to! It is a small place so on a busy night expect a small wait, but it is worth it! I love Tuna Poke and I have had many varietals that are awesome, but this place makes a basic poke that is awesome. And you have the option to order on a heat scale of 1-10. And I must say, don't try to show off with this one, a 2 packs a punch and we have gone up to the highest of a 5. Their rolls are pretty good but we always order the Spicy Ninja and sometimes add in a plantain roll or a tucson roll. If you like to eat and drink like we do, this meal will get pricey and don't expect very attentive service. The staff is very friendly but if you have to ask for a glass of water more than twice, that's normal.
5	Fantastic sushi always fresh and tasty!
4	YAY for lunch served on a sushi "BOAT".The Boat Special (or whatever it's called) includes a little sushi, sashimi, and salad and teriyaki whatever you like.I personally think teriyaki sauce is too sweet, so I'll probably order it without sauce next time, but if you like teriyaki, you'll probably like it.Everything was fresh and the service was decent.Looking forward to more!
5	Temari is the best sushi restaurant in the East Valley, maybe even the Phoenix area. The fish is unbelievable fresh, the service is wonderful and the sushi rolls are unlike anything you'll see anywhere else.OK, granted, the place is a bit of a hole in the wall. There's not much seating, it's tucked back into a strip mall, some of the staff barely speak English and it's not going to win any interior design awards. However, if you're looking for great sushi in the East Valley, you simply must try Temari.Saki is the owner and head sushi chef. He is usually accompanied by Danny, who I can only imagine is his protege. They churn out wonderfully delectable sushi rolls, nigiri and sashimi. The thing I really love about this place is the creativity of the ingredients and combinations of some of the rolls. Sure, you can get the standard California, Spicy Tuna, Rainbow and Caterpillar rolls, but for more adventurous fare, try the All-star roll, or the Primo roll, or the Saki roll. You will be greeted with ingredients such as deep-friend green chili, asparagus, red onion, a variety of sweet and savory sauces--even black pepper and bacon in some cases!I would highly recommend the tuna poke if you're a Maguro tuna lover. This is a really unique dish that you won't find at many other places.At the end of your experience, you get a small scoop of strawberry ice cream and a Fortune Cookie with the check. A nice touch that I think is meant to take the edge off the bill (even though the prices are quite reasonable, especially compared to the Blue Wasabi's and Ra's of the world).If you have a large party, I would call ahead to see how busy they are. As I mentioned, the place is small, so you might have to make a reservation or be prepared to wait (it's worth the wait though, trust me).To sum up, if you want overpriced rolls with soggy rice and stale tuna, but served by good-looking people in a shi shi environment with techno bumping, try Ra. If you want phenomenal sushi and great service in a more humble setting, Temari simply can't be beat.
4	We love Temari!  The tuna poke is absolutely addictive - we always order a heat level of 6, and my mouth is on FIRE by the time we're through.  There is an endless variety of creative and interesting sushi rolls, too.  Our favorites are the Primo Roll and the Hot and Saucy, but every roll we've tried is delicious.  The only thing is, the prices aren't on the menu, and the tuna is "market priced", so it can sometimes be a bit shocking when you receive the check and find out how much those rolls (and poke) actually set you back.  Because of this, we don't go as often as we'd like to, but man - it's sure worth every penny when we do get there.  Sushi heaven!
5	Temari is amazing. Always very fresh and the Owner is inviting and friendly. There is a new male waiter that needs to learn his manners though. Happy to say the food makes up for his actions. :)
5	Excellent rolls, Nigeria, and sashimi.  Service is awesome. The place just rocks and the recipes are very good. I highly recommend this place.
4	Excellent, fresh tasting and high-grade quality sushi!  I'm a fan.  It's small, intimate, with great friendly service and the customers there all seem to be regulars.  There are 3 huge pages full of different rolls and options. Also, I loved the touch of strawberry ice cream with fortune cookie served at the end of the meal:) Perfect ending!
4	Having some sushi at Temari in Gilbert.  Sake is the owner, has a binder with new creations he thinks of on a daily basis.  I would highly recommend this place for great Sushi!!!!
1	In how many different ways can you arrange the same ten ingredients?  If this were a contest, Temari would win, hands down.This looked like one of the most promising places in a very generic East Valley sushi scene, so we decided to give it a shot.  When I sat down, our eager waiter asked me what I'd like to drink.  I asked him if they only have fountain sodas, and he looked at me like I was speaking Greek.  I said, "What do you have, bottles?"  He said they don't have cans or anything; it just comes out of a gun.  So... Fountain sodas then.  Got it.My friend said his Mr. Pibb tasted off, and asked to switch to Coke.  He said sure, but he'll have to pay for the Coke.Now, on to the food.... I looked at the menu.  I saw about three pages of rolls.  I looked at the specials board.  More rolls.  Looked at the regular menu.... Standard Japanese fare.  They have teriyaki.  TERIYAKI!  Who eats teriyaki?  This isn't Samurai Sam's, is it?They have some sashimi.  All very standard cuts of fish.  Tuna, white tuna, salmon, yellowtail, sea bass, and mackerel is probably all they had.  Maybe the weakest selection I've seen, well, anywhere.  The nigiri sushi (which I'm pretty sure I heard our waiter pronounce as "NIGH gi ri" sushi to the diners at the next table) was pretty standard as well.  Ra has better selection.  Yes, that's right, Ra, one of the most notoriously generic sushi restaurants in the world, has a better selection of fish than Temari!Anyways, at about six different points while I was looking through the tome they call a "specials menu" (which consists of about 99.5% rolls, plus tuna poke), our eager waiter asked us if we know what we would like yet.  Sorry, bro, can't you see I'm reading here!  I'm like half way through!  My eyes are getting tired from reading the words "spicy tuna," "eel sauce," and "chili sauce" so much!  Because 75% of the rolls have one of more of those ingredients!It was amazing how many different rolls they had, yet how few of them actually sounded appealing.  Most of them seemed to be more focused on sauces and spice than actual fish flavor.  It's like people who eat sushi in Gilbert don't want to taste the awful flavor of fish!  Gross, right!  Fish, ugh!  I pointed out to my friend that one particular roll "has like three sauces: chili sauce, eel sauce, garlic citrus sauce, and kiwi sauce. Four sauces!" (imagine the Spanish Inquisition.)Anyways, about our actual order: we went with the "chef's choice" sashimi platter, a romantic roll (cucumber with a bunch of stuff inside), a sunkist roll (some fish completely drowned in citrus flavor), and amaebi and quail egg sushi.  I think "chef's choice" means "cheapest," because no real sushi chef would put both tuna and salmon on his own plate if he were picking what he wanted to eat.  The sashimi itself was OK I guess.  The rolls were very boring, as we expected.  The sweet shrimp was good, but you can tell what type of clientele they have when they placed the heads on our table, and the diners at the next table over seemed awestruck by the fact that someone would actually eat a shrimp head, what with those cute little eyeballs staring at them.This brings me to the conclusion of this review: this place utterly destroyed our hope of finding a good sushi bar in the East Valley.  Shimogamo was respectable, but even there, the owner was unable to keep the best cuts of fish in stock because he had no confidence his clientele would buy enough of it to keep it fresh.  This is the East Valley.  People think sushi is a bunch of rolls.  You ask an East Valley denizen about their favorite sushi place, and they say, "I like this place, they have great rolls!"  Only here can a sushi bar stock just seven cuts of fish, and just offer 500 rolls with the same ten ingredients, and maybe serve some teriyaki chicken for those who REALLY hate sushi, and be successful.I think we're going to look for the East Valley sushi bar with the lowest yelp rating, because that one is probably the best.  At least they didn't end up charging us for that extra Coke.Addendum: I was just reminded about the fortune cookie they served with dessert.  A fortune cookie!  At a Japanese Restaurant!  On the back of the fortune it said "Learn Chinese."  Not making this up.
5	Best sushi restaurant in the east valley, hands down.  I recently moved out to this area, with very limited access to good sushi.   A co-worker that lives in San Fransisco recommended Temari.  He told me it compares even with San Fran sushi, a bold statement.  After trying Here are my favorite sushi rolls... Trust me they're all great!-Poki #5 (sashimi... this is my favorite thing on the menu)-Primo Roll-Phoenix Suns Roll-Sumo Roll
4	Might just be our new favorite sushi restaurant! The tuna poke is delicious along with all the rolls we've tried- favorites so far are the something good roll and the primo roll. Yum! So far we've only gotten take out, not dined in.
3	Took forever to get out food and the service was OK...Food is good but Masa sushi is better...
4	I LOVE sushi, and this by far, is the best place in town I have found. The Chef is nice, as well as amazing at concocting great recipes. There is an enormous menu to choose from, so come a little early so you can go through it all!There is one waiter that works there, dont know his name, but he is a prick so expect that...
5	I never get tired of this place or the service! Sake and his wife are absolutely the best and the sushi is to die for. Nothing like fresh tuna in Arizona! You will not be disappointed.
5	I don't usually rave about a place unless it really deserves it, this the best experience I have had in a sushi restaurant.  My wife is ultra conservative when it comes to trying new things.  The "chef?" talked to her for a while to get to know what types vegetables and fish she usually enjoys as well as her personality and then created her three itmes she just raved about.  We've been back several times since....
5	At the advice of a friend, I checked this out and was extremely impressed.  I sat at the sushi bar and the owner asked if I had been there before.  When I said I hadn't he took great pride in recommending a few different rolls and really showing off what they had on the menu.  There's a ton of really creative and delicious special rolls, as well as all the standard stuff you would expect.  All of it is great, and I've never been disappointed every time I've been since.If you go, check out the Primo Roll, and the Tuna Poke!  You won't be disappointed...
5	I hadn't been to Temari in a while but was just as happy as ever at my recent visit. I tried some of my old favorites (Las Vegas roll and Firecracker) and some new ones like the spicy lobster.  Still quite tasty.  For my money the best sushi in the valley.
3	This place was decent for lunch.  I say it had average sushi.  I would try it again for lunch.
4	Tried this place out today because I was craving sushi really badly. I've seen this place so many times but i've never wanted to try it because it really didn't look too nice on the outside. I read the reviews on Yelp and decided to give them a chance and i'm really glad I did! I had a couple of questions about some of the rolls but the sushi chef was happy to answer them and give me some other suggestions. He said the Primo was the most popular one on the menu but i'm not into super crazy rolls so I decided to try the lobster tempura roll instead. It was SOOO good and came with this tangy dipping sauce that really made all the flavors in the roll come together. I also had the calamari which was super juicy and crunchy. The lobster roll and calamari both came out to be around 15 bucks all together. They also serve you a free scoop of ice cream before they give you the check. Over all the quality and the price was 4 star quality. 1 star missing just because the server wasn't the most helpful and never really checked to see if I still doing okay.
5	Best Japanese ever!  Better than sushi I had in LA and SanFran
5	As always I had a wonderful experience.. Ordering 8 rolls among 4 people is not ideal and a waste (of more table space than tummy space), but delicious and worth the $$. I do agree with previous reviews that there is some redundancy in menu but regardless, pick what you like and try it 400 ways... Love it..
5	My wife and I have been coming here for years, quite simply Temari is our favorite Sushi restaurant. Service is excellent. Sushi is always fresh and delicious. Some of the other comments on this page are snobbish and redundant, those people need to go back to Ra and get their Disco Sushi.
5	This is absolutely my favorite sushi restaurant anywhere and I lived in LA for 10 years! Our whole family loves it! Tuna poke is ridiculously flavorful and fresh, the Phoenix roll is layer upon layer of delicious textures with a slightly spicy sauce that takes it over the top! Service is so friendly you really feel that your patronage is appreciated. We will support this business as long as we live in AZ!
5	Best sushi around! Amazing atmosphere, usually quiet and nice for date night. Service is very good and the sushi chefs will make personal recommendations and that is a great customer experience! Prices are good and worth every bit!
2	Not good for takeout. Unfortunately, I can't say what the food tastes like. I walked in for takeout, ordered a couple sushi rolls, and was told 20 - 25 min. Seemed a bit long, but decided I'd just run a quick errand and come back. Server got my name and number. I came back 25 min later and was told it'd be another 15 min. "They had gotten swamped." Pretty sure they just forgot my order. I just cancelled my order and went elsewhere.
4	Yum! Temari does sushi right! They have other items on their menu, but I've only had their sushi. The flavors in each roll are so unique, we ordered 3 rolls: spicy tuna, lollipop roll and their version of a volcano roll. We have never tasted anything as good as these rolls. Very fresh fish, amazing taste, and the service was very nice too.The place is pretty small, so expect a tight squeeze, but definitely worth while.
5	Temari is the most reasonably priced and still delicious Japanese restaurant I've ever been to. Their service is also wonderful! They always include complimentary ice cream at the end of your meal. Their bento boxes have really generous portions of whatever you order, and their salad with homemade dressing is amazing (which is really uncommon in the salad that comes with bento boxes). They offer specialty rolls with Arizona themes, and they're all really good. If you have a group larger than 6, make a reservation because space is tight.
2	The food is good but I do not understand how no one has addressed how slow and disorganized they are here. Still sitting here an hour later and we haven't gotten all of our food. Staggering is one thing but the first two came out after about 20 minutes, the third after 40 minutes and still no sight of the fourth. We've asked to close out and cancel the forth and there wasn't even an acknowledgement or apology for the wait. No prices for most of the rolls on the menu either and they don't itemize the bill. The table next to us was overcharged. Hopefully this is a bad night for this small business because the experience has not been a good one and I'd hate to see them go out of business because they're not adequately staffed.
5	The food was excellent! I haven't had better sushi than this. The primo is my new favorite roll.
5	We go out of our way to hit this AMAZING sushi bar.  Sake treats you right with the FRESHEST seafood in the East Valley! Once you get hooked, he draws you in even further with his sushi creativity that will knock your socks off!  I'll go ahead and share my favorite, but you better promise not to eat it all before I get there! Seared Ahi with an onion sauce. There are no words, it's just that good! Admittedly, we are addicted, we've been seen there up to 3x a week.While Temari might be small in space, it's how you know you're at the RIGHT PLACE! None of those chain-like sushi bars will do for my family, even my 9 year old knows they don't compare.  Another caution, is do NOT expect to be seated quickly on a Friday or Saturday. It is their busiest nights of the week as one would might imagine! People are trekking from far away cities because they KNOW GREAT SUSHI!
5	Best. Sushi. Rolls. Ever.  It's hard to eat at other sushi restaraunt's now.  The sauces on the rolls are amazing.
4	I just moved to the Mesa area not too long ago and hadn't looked around for a sushi place. I got the craving the other day and hit up Google Maps and saw this place and all the good reviews.I ordered the Caterpillar Roll and some nigiri. Very good all the way around! Fresh and very tasty! I didn't eat at the restaurant so can't really comment too much on the service...but everyone was nice and helpful while I was and the person who answered the phone was helpful.I will be ordering lunch from there regularly and will be trying out more of their menu as I go!
5	Some of the best sushi in town!  Love the tuna pokey and then my favorite the Green Apple roll!  Yummy
5	And one "roll" will rule them all!!! It's called the primo roll. Make sure you order two you don't want to have wait for another one. Better than sushiya in Gilbert, better than RA in Scottsdale. I will only be wanting a primo roll if I eat sushi anywhere else.
5	This is my favorite place for sushi on the planet. The fish is flown in several times per week.  I'm a little bummed when I read negative reviews on Saki and his staff and their food. I guess I just feel a bit protective since I love these guys and their food. That being said, I suppose your experience really depends on what you prefer and what you order. I have a set of rolls and sashimi that I get almost every time and they are huge winners for my guests (this being my go to place for my AZ visitors).  If you order these items and you think they are no good then I suppose you and I are just at an impasse... But to each his own. But trust me. If you can only eat a few items then go with the Poke Tune and the Primo roll. Here they are:Poke Tuna 5 ( it's rated 1-10 in spice. Most of my friends like mild so I go for a 5. I get this as the appetizer. I crave it daily. So so so good)SumoTucsonPretty in pink (kinda of a dessert roll. We usually eat it last)Primo (favorite. This turns out to be everyone's favorite. Order 2)Green apple (next favorite. no wasabi)Phoenix sunsSunkist (very citrusy. If you don't like Lemmon zest you won't like this) Hawaii 5-0 (one if my best friends helped saki name this one. It's great and has a nice mango Hawaiian flare).I don't like wasabi sauce so i have Saki hold it from all the rolls. I brought in a Russian the other day who worked in Tokyo for a while. She was blown away in how good it was and she remarked that it was the best she ever tasted... Albeit it's not exactly the same type of sushi... We Americans tend to prefer slightly Americanized Japanese food. My biggest gripe with sushi at other places is the fish smells like... Well... Fish. A good sushi place should NEVER smell like fish. Fresh sushi fish should smell mild and fresh. Also, OLD fish will often have a iridescence cast to it in certain lights. Let these two things be a benchmark for your sushi eating. Saki uses very fresh fish... Perhaps the most fresh you can have in AZ.
5	This place is the bomb. I will not eat sushi anywhere else now. Saki is an absolute sweetheart. No wonder the place has been around 14 years. It gets very busy on Fridays and Saturdays with a wait. It's small, but not a chain and the creativity on the rolls is amazing. We loved the primo roll, the awesome roll and the spicy ninja. The Tuna poki is to die for. Fresh tuna and salmon that just melt in your mouth. Give it a try you won't be disappointed!
4	We have been coming here for couple years now for our sushi craving, this place has solid fresh sushi and plenty of "roll" to choose from. The price is standard. The only small complaint I have is the roll can get a bit saucy and their Fried Lobster batter was thicked. Good food, server was attentive. You get free ice-cream for dessert!
5	First time at Temari this evening and I don't even know where to begin.  This place came highly recommended by one of my clients a few months back.  We had such a wonderful experience from start to finish.  Saki the sushi chef/owner treated us like he was our personal chef learning our likes and dislikes in fish, flavor, spiciness, etc.  He prepared us Poke, the Primo roll and Albacore sushi.  Everything from start to finish was outstanding.  Kona Grill, Blue Wasabi and chains like that will be a thing of the past for us.  We found our new sushi home.
5	Amazing Service. Great Food.
5	BEST IN THE VALLEY and LOCALLY OWNED!!  You can keep your corporate owned sushi bars, I will only go to Temari for my sushi - a locally owned, amazing sushi bar!  A nondescript building, but doesn't that always house the best restaurants?Order the Tuna Poke and the Primo Roll!  We sat at the sushi bar and the sushi chef, aptly named Saki, asked all about our preferences - spicy, citrus, sweet, etc and then delivered rolls to match our taste.  It was just fantastic!  We will be back!
5	I can't say enough good things about this place!  Not only is the sushi amazing, but the atmosphere and friendly service always remind us why we love it here.  Saki at the sushi bar is very welcoming had helpful when choosing new rolls to try.  Try the Primo and AZ rolls, you won't be disappointed!
5	Awesome sushi, very fresh and with quick service.  Among a long list of rolls we had, we tried the Baha roll after the server told us it was a new addition.  It was incredible!  Highly recommend this place for your neighborhood sushi needs.
5	This place has the best sushi hands down!!Get the hawain 5.0 and the primo!! They are life changing
1	2 of us.  Back for second time.  First time, no probs. except a bit slow.Had 50 min.  Ordered three promptly (5th minute): Primo, Ca roll and sashimi.  At the  25th minute, got Primo rolll, Very nice.  Service all around us continued, but not at our table... We said that we were on a deadline.  45th minute, got CA roll and cancelled sashimi, boxed the CA roll. paid and were off.  The tables around us, all men, were flush with food and one came after us.    Not good.  Another similar complaint earlier.  Are you listening?   Please fix.With a soda, the check was almost $30. plus tip for those two rolls.  I do not stiff...  and we were hungry still.
5	My dad took me here for dinner because it's just around the corner from his condo. Very small little place, but I've found that even the smallest places have awesome food. He comes here often!The service was great. The sushi chef was very friendly. The food was awesome. We split an array of rolls: Rainbow Roll, Dragon Roll, Spicy Tuna Roll, Salmon Nigri, Sashimi. Everything tasted fresh! If you're not a fan of seaweed, you can get the rolls wrapped in soy paper. Although I don't recommend this because they fall apart on route to your mouth!  Overall good experience!
5	WOW, I thought i had some good places to go for sushi, but this one was notably better. We came her upon recommendation from a friend. One of the customers seeing it was our first time here told us to try the Tuna Poke. Amazing! that is the tuna taste that I love. The other rolls that we ordered were also excellent. We had a table, but I could tell the people at the bar were also enjoying themselves very much trying Saki's(at least that is what they called him) creations.The quality is the best I have had in the east valley. My only complaint would be that this place is pretty small so be prepared to wait a little. Or maybe that was just the group of 10 people that would not leave after they were done eating....I will be back. Often.
2	Beware!!! The to go orders are 1/2 the size.If you eat in the restaurant you get full portionsDon't order to go unless you aren't hungry.I called to inform, and instead of them fixing the issue, they told me to review poorly and tell yelp "we like when a customa eat a here":
5	We have been to so many sushi restaurants and the poke here is the best. Also a must try is the Hollywood roll. It's not on the regular menu but if you ask for it they will know it!   Primo roll is also a must try delicious!  For interesting tasty rolls and poke....this is the place to go.
5	Temari Sushi in Gilbert is the freshest in the city. I'm a picky sushi girl from Cali and this is the spot! You must try it and catch a seat at the sushi bar to enjoy great company by sushi chefs Danny and Saki! You will be hooked!
5	I don't even know if I have the right words to express just how AWESOME this place is!!! The food is incredible, so if you are looking for a sushi place that you can count on to satisfy, here it is!!! Highly recommend x 1 million ;)
5	Best sushi ever!!  I'm from Canada and every time I come to phoenix I go to temari at least once if not twice. You must have the primo roll and the tuna poke!! To die for!!!
5	Holy crap! I thought I had to be close to to ocean to get fresh sushi, but I was so wrong!  Flew in from Los Angeles to have the most amazing sushi I have ever had made by the skilled hands of Danny!  A must if you come anywhere within a 100 miles AZ!!
5	Without a doubt nobody is wrong in their reviews of Temari. Tell them what you like, if you like spicy, whatever. Don't be shy, ask questions.  They make your order to the way you like it.Look, I've always been in the fence about sushi, could take it or leave it. Temari will from now on, be one in my top 5 favorites.
5	We really like this place. We loved all our rolls so much that my wife didn't wait till dinner ended to start texting her friends. We ordered the calamari and while it wasn't bad we recommend skipping it and ordering another roll. Also depending on when you go  you may have to wait just a little bit. There is a good amount of seating for the size of the restaurant but it is evident this place is in high demand.
2	Was not impressed. The seaweed salad was drowned in sesame oil and every roll was entirely overwhelmed by sauce (there was a quarter cup of garlic sauce left on the plate when we finished the Primo roll, no hint of exaggeration.) And for a place that charges for forks, you'd think they'd pack the rolls a little tighter so they don't utterly disintegrate. It was heavy, heavy fare and we left feeling overfull and gross even though we ate about half as much as we usually do on sushi night (and both had gas pains for a couple of hours afterward).The free strawberry ice cream was not delicious and the fortune cookie was downright weird.
5	Best in AZ.  A good friend recommended an out of the way lunch....and was it worth it.Not to many tables, which adds to the quality of the place.  Primo Roll, Tuna Poke, & all of the rolls we ate every time we go are quality!Thank you sushi Gods
5	I have been coming here since 2007 and If I could give a hundred stars I would!Sit at the bar and meet Saki, Danny and the whole team,then if you are feeling adventurous order aTuna POKE #10!!  Iced green tea, and any special roll they can make! This place is the number 1 sushi place I have ever been too and will continue to stay a loyal customer
3	My friends are all about this place so I was excited to try it. The staff were very friendly. I ordered the pretty and pink roll and the scallop delight. I waited at least 35 minutes for my first roll while my boyfriend and son ate their sushi. Pretty in pink is not a baked roll. I saw the chefs shooting the shit with some regulars at the sushi bar. Tick tock tick tock. Did you really wait so long to start a baked roll? My family was done eating by the time I began. Mind you, we were among four tables eating including the bar couples. It was very annoying. Seeing me awkwardly sit there for so long, you'd think they'd comp the $5 soybeans... Nope. I still haven't decided if I'll be returning. The decor of the restaurant was nice but the restaurant itself is kind of small, so I don't know how well they do with groups over 4.
5	Best place for sushi! His handmade rolls are the best! Absolutely love the Miami roll,the American roll, Val Vista roll, just about any of the chef's own creations. Great mom and pop shop. Just wish it wasn't so pricy, I'd be there every week, but I guess that's sushi, right?
