3	A solid 3.5 stars actually.  Where else can you go to slap the high quality lifelike silicon impression of a porn star ass?  And of course it would be Vegas that has a porn museum!  This place is too brightly lit to be sexy or fully enjoyed as a couple (if you know what I mean), but it does have an interesting assortment of porn from across the globe, across times, and across taste.  It has a strong message of tolerance running through it, like so long as two consenting adults want to do xxxx, who are we to judge it.  For instance, there is a minor shrine and exhibit to Larry Flynt.  It presents a broad array of porn artifacts including life size casts of many real porn star body parts some of which you are free to slap, grab, and squeeze to your heart's content.  Everything is presented quite clinically, so much so that things I thought were pretty gross to look at going in were just another interesting graphic surprise by the time I had left.  It is surprising how quickly one can desensitize oneself when moral reaction is void.  The assortment of video available to view there is pretty broad.Anyway, if you would like your mind to remain closed, by all means do not come here.  But if you up for an interesting hour or two, check it out and see how the freaky other halves live :-pA suggestion for the erotic heritage museum.  Throw a couple cardboard cutouts of porn stars, perhaps in some provocative poses, out front (but inside the pay area in the first lobby part) that folks can take pictures with, perhaps suggestive of various sexual acrobatics.  It would be a lot of fun and make a great souvenir.  And then I would have had a picture to post on Yelp too! hahaha
3	I think the erotic website is misleadingly classy. The $15 admission (locals) I thought was kind of wack, but the girl working admissions said we could buy anything from the gift shop and admission is waived. Mf got an erotic rocks glass for $8 and I got a used book from the '80's for $5. The book was "The Politics of Sex" if anyone's interested. I think the museum occupies the old Love Boutique (which is now located in the back of the building). Its a considerably large gallery space. Its probably the same volume as the old LVAM, but has two levels so probably has the same erotic square footage? The erotic foyer area has a bunch of tacky neon signs and erotic stuff. Once you get in the showing space, there's a whole variety of erotic stuff. There was part of the AIDS quilt, erotic art, records of significant historic erotica. There was a section dedicated to the "Hustler kingpin," Larry Flynt. There's even a gold-plated wheelchair with maroon velour upholstery. There are pornographic comics, artsy short erotic films, synthetic replicas of famous porn actors genetalia like John Holmes and Jenna Jameson. There's also huge erotic prints of famous porn people buy reputable porn photographers. And then there's the giclees. I freakin' hate giclees. Especially the ones that are painted with painterly strokes to make it look like a legit painting. Redeeming, though: they had some replicas of archaic erotic art, like some Venus figures and erotic Japanese netsuke. Anyways. There's a crap load of erotic stuff. Go see it, its erotic fun. No erotic pictures, except for in the erotic lobby and erotic foyer. Its in a wacky shady part of town, kind of hidden behind Fashion Show Mall, near the Spearmint Rhino. There's a small erotic parking lot, but I can't imagine it ever fills up. * off the erotic strip, erotic non-casino. erotic.
5	The $20 price tag seems to be there to ward off creeps and gawkers. If you buy $10 worth of stuff from their giftshop, admission is free so just pick up a sexy coffee mug, a couple of magnets or a few of their reasonably priced rare used sex books and you're on your way. Included in the collection is a naughty picasso & a drawing by John Lennon of him and Yoko together. They also have a large collection of sex toys, an ode to the "naughty" public figures who have been caught in the act & a section that shows you what its like to visit peep shows. Visit here with an open mind & with a friend who likes discussing sex and you'll have a great time.
5	Plan on spending at least an hour here to really take in and read all the stuff this place has to offer.  It is very couples friendly and not creepy in any way.  It is also a rotating museum every three months to keep things fresh and because they have so much stuff!The staff was so friendly answering any questions me or my wife had.Some people here are complaining about the admission price but I thought is was worth it.  There is some rare and interesting stuff in there.To those who scoff at such a place, face it, it IS part of our heritage.
5	This is NOT another cheesy Vegas fake-museum, like those pathetic casino art galleries... it is a real, live, world-class museum.  Shocker!  Huge, classy, clean, well-lit, elegant in design... and crammed with fascinating stuff!  If you're interested in the First Amendment, sex, or psychology...you need at least TWO hours in here to go thru everything.  An exhaustive collection!! Fascinating! Thought-provoking!  More clinical than titillating...because duh, it's a real museum, not an Adult Superstore.  Sex is just as important to any study of a society as art, music or science... but this place will probably never be taken seriously as a legit museum, despite how totally bad ass it is.  What a shame!I *THOROUGHLY* recommend this place to anyone with an open mind, a curiosity about life, and $10/$20/whatever it is to spare.
5	Sex falls under so many descriptors ranging from provocative to foolish, artistic to cheesy, honest to misunderstood.  The questions of sex and our attitude towards it are addressed at the Erotic Heritage Museum.  From the multiple community programs hosted in the lovingly decorated space, to the grand collection of porn industry memorabilia and historical aides d'amour, topped (amusingly enough) by an exhilarating gallery of sex-themed paintings, posters and other expressions of sexuality, the museum's treasure trove of naughtiness is worth experiencing for anyone who has ever honestly asked "What does sex mean?"If you are visiting Las Vegas, take the time to step off-strip and experience the museum's fare.  Local?  Then join the EHM facebook page and keep track of the various goth, fetish and fairy parties, as well as erotic figure drawing and photography classes.
4	Okay, first off, no hatin'. This place is a legitimate museum. It just happens to be owned by the guy who owns Deja Vu, next to a Deja Vu strip club and in the "red light district" part of town. If you can get past that, and are not offended by sex (gay, straight or otherwise), and are open minded, you can really get a lot out of the museum. The price of admission for locals is $10 and you really can get your moneys worth if you spend the time in the museum. Once you find your way in (its on the side of the museum that doesn't say "entrance") you will be greeted by very friendly staff who will help you navigate the museum. The museum itself has tons of erotic visual art, vintage movies (as far back as the early 1900's, memorabilia, historic "artifacts", literature and contemporary pornography. It is definitely not a place for the squeamish, but it is not overly graphic as it could be. My favorite part of the entire exhibit was the stuff on the First Amendment to the US Constitution. I don't think we really understand this Amendment well enough, and the museum really makes a point to promote the freedom of speech. I am no Constitutional scholar but they make a pretty good argument. Overall, there was only one exhibit that left me feeling a bit unnerved, but I think that is the point. This is a great place to go if you want to learn more about a vital piece of American and Las Vegas culture. It really is a great place to learn, and it is very very unique. Definitely highly recommended if you are not offended by real human sexuality.
3	This place is pretty cool! It seems small at first, but there's actually a lot of stuff here.  You could easily spend 2-3 hours going through the exhibits.There are a variety of exhibits, from the more tame dildo/sex toy displays, to old dirty movies, photography and art, to the Gord sex machine exhibit (not for prudes or the faint of heart).  This exhibit is quite a departure from anything else in the museum.  There's also lots of history (1st amendment, sex worker rights, gay rights, etc.) if you're not just looking for a cheap thrill.  The museum also hosts many special events, workshops, parties, and fundraisers.Conveniently located near many strip clubs if you want to continue the theme of the evening.Admission is $20, $15 for locals.
4	I went to the Men's Naked Yoga class here and loved it. It is great that the Museum has local events happening here. The class was a good time and everyone was super nice and welcoming. It is a perfect class for beginners and the more advanced. If you haven't done a nude yoga class, I would highly recommend it. I always feel much more connected to the practice without cloths.On the way out, I took my time a checked out the rest of the museum. I have been to quite a few erotic museums all over the world and I would say this one is better than Amsterdam but not as good as New York or the Musee Erotic in Paris. Each has their own sexual specialty though, so it is a matter of preference.This museum has a great collection of vintage erotica and the original posters to go with them. They have a room with 7 screens all showing golden age films which was great. There is also a small amount of really good erotic art. Some good history is mixed in. A lot, if not most, of the items come from the Exodus Trust which is through the Institue for Advanced Study of Human Sexuality. I am not sure of the size or quality of their collection, but it seemed as though what is on display must be a very small selection.Overall as a museum, this place has a wonderful collection of porn history. This collection makes this a good museum in it's own right. I was hoping for a little more though. Some cutting edge erotic art (like in Paris) or some more specialized exhibits that offer more in depth history (like New York). I felt that the museum felt a little like, "look what we have," with little emphasis on the sociohistorical context of the production of erotic images (except in the case of pornography). If you are interested in learning a bit more about the history of pornography, this is the place for you. More people need more education about all things sexual, so check this place out and then impress your friends with your newly acquired vintage porn knowledge.
3	I went here last night to see the Shakespeare play Twelfth  Night.  The ticket for the show allowed free admission to the museum.  Some of the things were interesting, but I didn't have a lot of time.  What I did see was OK, but there was nothing earth shattering.  I really agree with Julie S.' review.  She nails it well.
4	Believe it or not, I went on a first date here, and I had a pretty good time! The experience of roaming through this place was interesting. On the first floor, there are relics containing different phallic and fertility statues. The second floor has media rooms showing film snippets and pictures of a very graphic content. It is a museum on sexuality, and It's not for the faint of heart; If you're queasy or have a prudish contempt for pornography and naked images, then this is not a good venue as they have tons of sexually graphic media upstairs. I personally thought that they did a decent job of staying close to the museum aspect of it. I certainly didn't feel filthy after seeing those images, but they did pique at my curiosity - which is what museums are supposed to do (among other things). It was also fun looking through the museum shop - I learned from my date what a "fluffer" means; it was inscribed on one of the T-shirts that they were selling :)
4	Checked this place out last week and have to say it is pretty cool. I didn't expect much from past museum experiences in Las Vegas, but this place far exceeded expectations. Very classy, clean, and tastefully portrayed erotic memorabilia. Like other reviews say, it's definitely a real museum experience, but focused on all aspects of human sexuality. I thought it was pretty interesting to see some of the beginning aspects of porn in culture. For $10, its a worthwhile way to kill a few hours for sure.
5	Been here twice-Once with the hubby and once with my girlfriend to Merry XXXmas. Had a blast both times!!! I can't say what I like most about this place...maybe the round room "porn throughout history" lol I can't wait to go back,this time with my sister. I love their monthly emails/updates letting me know what parties will be taking place. A very worthwhile experience,for the open-minded.Loved and miss the house of Gord exhibit. awesome. Used a restroom somewhere in there where you can write on markerboard walls!!!I'd like to exhibit here sometime :)  ...art,that is LMAO
5	It was my friend's bachelorette party weekend in Vegas and my friend and I thought it would be funny getting her a dental porno video since she and her hubby to be are dentists.  Found this place by typing "porn" on my YELP application on my phone.  I told my friends about it and that it sounded like an interesting place.  We got up and left the Desert Premium Outlets in a flash.  :)  The museum is over 17,000 square feet in size and its displays are spread out across two floors.  Walking in, I was not sure what to expect.  But I have to say in the end, my friends and I thought everything was done pretty tastefully and was quite interesting.There was so much to read and look at.  I mean, one can spend hours in that place if you were to read the articles and look at the art work.  One of the things I liked most about this place besides the fact that it was air conditioned was that it had a piece of the AIDS Memorial Quilt on display.  They also had this really neat sculpture of a penis made entirely of pennies.  :)  I loved the yellow and black  dress they had on display which was made solely out of condoms.   My friends and I had the most fun on the second floor as they not only had artwork displayed, but also pornos made throughout the years, the earliest dating I believe was 1910 or 1915.  :)  We sat on the couches and watched these old black and white pornos from nearly a 100 years ago and just laughed our heads off.   They also had displays on the history of peep shows.  Overall, we had a fantastic time and would definitely recommend this place to people visiting Vegas and looking for something interesting to do.  :)
4	A lot of people who think of this place "erotic heritage museum" aka Museum of Sex thinks this place will be filled with dildos and vaginas... And honestly, that is somewhat true.This place really focuses on the history of sex and being more open minded about it. I can see it uses art as a way of expressing themselves and trying to prove a point - I like sex and it shouldn't be hidden. Of course, it says it in a tasteful, clean manner.It does how clips of porn footage from different eras, but it's not the nitty gritty Jenna Jameson porn... More of the Charlie Chaplan and ok, one film with legendary porn actor John Homes type of stuff. It's actually not really sexy or a turn on - they didn't really... There was hair down there-eek.There were also art pieces that were beautiful and expressive. I don't think people should be afraid or disgusted when they see a penis art or vagina art... It's simply art. You really need to keep an open mind when you come here or else you really won't fully enjoy it.You see history... Sex practices used in ancient times and some may shock you. It's interesting to see how the image of sex has changed and transformed throughout the years.I came here with girlfriends and we all just really were intrigued with this place. It's history and I think people who go to this place sees it like that and not as a sex shop.Funny quirks of this place:Next to a strip club - deja VuThey not sell sex toysThey give out free condomsParkingIn the backPlenty of parkingAdmission$15Groups of 10+ $10
4	Normally the boy does not enjoy museums, but he had a lot of fun in this one.Lots of historic sex toys and insane sex toys. Video clips, films, demonstrations. Lots and lots of sexually intense items here!Bondage and pictures, and a relatively in depth visual view of sexual evolution. Incredibly interesting. I would actually come again. Everyone that works there is also sweet and unobtrusive.
4	An entertaining, unique, and interesting way to spend some time ~ preferably with your lover, but it is a real hoot with friends as well. Go with an open mind and a sense of humor and celebrate the most natural thing on earth ... SEX!P.S. Dating Tip for Men:        2 Hours at the EHM = 15 Minutes of Sexual Foreplay. ;)
5	A very entertaining way to spend your afternoon, the museum will provide for at least 2 hours of displays, movies and many other interesting things. So sad that it isnt located right on the strip as it would always be full of people. Many of the displays were impressive, not only in a sexual way, but a historical way too. You can see through history how sexuality has evolved. Definitely not a sight to miss while visiting Vegas.
4	Quite entertaining...at least I can say I've been!  Mainly went there ONLY because it's very near to the Trump Hotel where we were staying.  Had some time to kill, and it was close, and Hubby thought I wouldn't dare do it.  So there you go...:)
4	Very interesting art and history of pornos.  Dont really have any other way to put it. Its interesting to know that erotica has been lurking in mans past for decades and even centuries and Humanity has always been what it is today.
4	A very interesting and atypical museum.  Definitely not for the faint of heart.  Yep there's porn, but hey there's also a voice over giving you some actual history.  I thought some of the ancient sex toys were very interesting and scary.Expect to spend at least an hour unless you're freaky--then leave yourself a few hours!
4	Looking for a unique place off the Strip to take your kiddies to? Well, look no further than this fun happy little place where people of all ages can enjoy. yeah right are you friggin kidding me? this place is for adults only, and definitely not for prudes. I would not take your church congregation here, that's for damn sure. You wont learn anything you haven't really known about the adult industry already, if you are a fan of that stuff, but it sure opens the eyes of anyone who isnt. I took the boss/wife here and she didn't avert her eyes to too many things, perhaps only the wall where they had twenty to thirty framed photos of all sorts of vaginas. Things i liked:1. the showings of adult movies from way back in the day, like "behind the green door" to "deep throat" to that silent movie that is supposedly the first adult every filmed. Be warned though..if you find heavy bush a turn off, let's just say these guys and gals didn't exactly know what a shaver was back then.2. there was this one awesome piece that was a human shaped head, but as you looked closer it was made up of naked, intertwined bodies.3. they had a nice collection of older adult movie posters from the seventies. 4. the museum store. They have this real cool, hippie-ish female worker there that you can tell is all about the sexual freedom of expression etc. You gotta love a girl that says the following about adult superstar Sasha Grey..."that girl that sure take a lotta cock."  I got this great photo book, "Naked Ambition" by famous celebrity photographer MIchael Grecco for 40 bucks. The book is already out of print so it was a steal!
5	I love this place. Totally unique. As well as all the old classic sex movies (my favorite is the 1915 one upstairs) there is also a great collection of erotic art and sculptures including ancient artifacts, plus a lot of interesting information about our erotic heritage. I loved the exhibition of female genitalia. I highly recommend it - especially if you want to pass some time during the day before getting ready to party up large again in the evening. It is just behind the Fashion Show Mall and the Trump Tower (next to a strip club called Deja Vu). Hours are 11am-4pm Tues, Wed. Thurs. and Sunday and then 12 - 10pm on Friday and Saturday. They also have special events every month so make sure you check out their calendar or call to find out if any will be on when you are in town. If you are local - ask about their locals discount. They also have a student, military or senior discount too.
4	One would think from the title the business what to expect. My first thought if this place offends you I feel sorry for your "significant other". I thought it was quite educational. I was watching the old movie where they had only words on the screen. Wow, to think of the way society was 100 years ago to today is amazing. The progressive approach and the strides we made, can be seen as a either really scary or cool. I am thinking alittle of both. The body is supposed to like a piece of art (at least I think mine is). This place does make a great job at accomplishing that. Recommendation:I would like to see them have more information that precedes the 1900's. I was hoping for more of Renaissance and Biblical years. (There was artifacts from those years).
5	The lady in charge is amazing.Talk about making you feel comfortable.I had a good time inside the museum. I seen things that I had to get a closer look at, things that made me laugh, things I had to call my friends over to look at and so on. There are movies playing inside on the second floor and if you get a chance, you have to watch the cartoons!If you are a student bring your ID you get a discounted rate :)And everyone... Check it out.
5	I thought I would breeze through but actually, I had staying power.  This is the best entertainment outside of a casino in all of Las Vegas!  Great "erotic" fun.
3	The Erotic Heritage Museum isn't for the timid so be prepared!Do you want to watch pornography in public?Would you like to see a dress made out of condoms?Have you always wanted to see a phallic symbol made of pennies?If you said yes to any of these questions then you should check this place out! There are also history lessons to be learned here. For example : Did you know that in the past doctor's used to give orgasms to their lady patients as a form of treatment? I would have been like : "Here is my co pay" ! LOLThe top level has a hidden nook which has the history of prostitution through out different cultures. The presentation looks like a high school project but the information is interesting.  The museum should actually showcase this instead of keeping it hidden. I think it would only benefit the museum if they added more history.
5	This place was awesome. My girlfriend and I kept seeing it when we drove by the trump hotel where we stayed. It is a awesome museum. Shelly who was at the front desk was really nice and after talking with her I didn't feel so awkward. My best friend ended up going too and got a military discount which was very cool. I have to say they fit a lot into that building don't let the outside fool you. Glad I stopped by.
4	This place seemed deserted on the outside, when my friend and I came, but inside we were pleasantly surprised to find a neat, extensive collection of interesting and fun sex artifacts and memorabilia.We left with our intellect stimulated and some fun photos. I'd highly recommend visiting the Erotic Heritage Museum if you have never been.
4	I brought my husband here after he said it felt like we were just eating or sleeping here in Vegas, LOL. It was fun and we were definitely entertained. The penis made out of pennies was pretty amusing. There were at least a dozen, although probably more, tv's playing variousporn flicks from different decades. It was very interesting to see how it has evolved over the years and how some things are exactly the same.
5	as long as you're open minded and not easily offended, definitely worth a stop.there's a lot of educational and historical aspects that were interesting.highly recommended that you go in with an open mind and a lot of time.
4	I've been to archives of erotic history in Paris and Amsterdam,  but I've never seen a collection as vast (17k sf!!!) as the one at the Erotic Heritage Museum here in Las Vegas. The staff is super friendly and we were able to get a tour so we heard about where some of the collection came from, which I found fascinating.   I'll say that while the collection isn't definitely any one thing, it's open to sexuality in a way that if you aren't comfortable with yourself or the people you are with, it might not be for you. If you are comfortable in your own skin, you'll absolutely, positively find something here that will fascinate you.
4	There are a couple of different ways to approach this museum. The first is with complete and utter disgust, but if that's the way you approach it one would wonder what you were doing here in the first place. The second is with a super open perverted mind. This way will likely get you kicked out as you'll probably end up walking out of one of the dark corners feverishly using the hand sanitizer they have lying around. And then there's the third way, which happens to be mine. A heavily perverted mindset with the subtle feeling that perhaps this is all really, really wrong. As a self proclaimed feminist, but also a self proclaimed lover of the freedoms granted to us in this kind-of free country, I have a tough time with porn. I will not ever believe that porn is "art" and I certainly will never believe that women who engage in porn do so because of sexual freedom or expression. Women are thoroughly subjugated in porn and they do it for money. What is that called? Right. With all that being said, I am as much of a hypocrite as the next guy. Porn is dirty, bad, and oh-so naughty. It can heighten sexual encounters and be a lot of fun, but it can also be completely detrimental to ones life (porn addiction, anyone?). What I found here was a combination of modern day not-so-art porn and the chicks that do it; a collaboration of all types of sexuality (trans, bi, gay, straight, etc.); the ugly truth associated with human sexual desires (a tantilizing wall of sex shame--count how many of the political figures that engage in gay acts are republicans!); a long history of court rulings that lead to our modern day sexual freedoms; and a whole lotta old school porn running in loops (1915 porn? really? Apparently these were made before razors were invented). I think that there's just a little too much modern porn for porns' sake going on here to be classified as a museum. If they toned down this aspect I would give them one more star; in the meantime I'm giving them a solid four stars for just being pretty damn cool.
4	#30DaysOfYelp: 19/30So our taxi driver didn't even know where this place was...but it was fun trying to explain! It's located behind the Trump tower & looks a bit sketchy, so we didn't know what to expect, but I was pleasantly surprised. Once we walked in, Mercedes greeted us & explained some of the exhibits & artifacts we would be seeing. She was super friendly & informative. I would suggest going to this museum with an open mind & sense of humour because if you're a bit on the conservative side, I don't know if you'd enjoy it. We were all a bunch of perverts though, so win for us! Vegas, baby!!!The EHM is a non-profit & a large portion of the collection was donated by The Exodus Trust (a trust that performs educational, scientific, & literary functions relating to sexual, emotional, mental & physical health.)The front part is an sexual studies library for students, I believe, and gift shop, and there's even a wedding area, heh. Once you get in the exhibit part, you walk through a section fashioned to look like a red light district, and then you encounter a giant penis made entirely of pennies! Pennies, penis...get it? Hahahaha! I was amused, anyway.Inside there are artifacts such as erotic Peruvian pottery, carvings from Asia depicting sexual acts, deflowering tools (some from the 6th century!), and other kinds of penis sculptures. Then there are tons of dildos, porn actress cutouts, star wars porn, articles about sexual scandal involving political leaders, clergy, teachers, etc.Go to the washroom! Add your own washroom graffiti! You will find it by looking for the golden shower art.Upstairs there are a bunch of erotic paintings...some from the middle east (banned)! They are so beautiful- make sure to look carefully at the decorative details, such as in the smoke & the folds of their robes...there are hidden surprises! There is one painting in particular though, painted by a very well known family-friendly animator/artist that was very surprising! You have to go there to check it out. There are also classic porn videos playing...classic like 1915, haha! Who knew? Check out the mustache of the man when he's getting a blow job, lol! Not the blow job, the mustache. Also, you know the term "Go f*** yourself"? You will see a video how that is actually possible. Yep.All in all, I enjoyed it a ton, but it could use more work. I think if they had the funding & made the exhibits a bit more polished, people might take it more seriously, but that's my only gripe. ...and if you go with your significant other, cheesy as some of it is, it's like mega foreplay for later. *wink* Yeahhh, VEGAS!!!
5	I have read other reviews on this place and I find that some of them are too serious.  It's porn people! It's all about sex! I think we are so uptight as a culture about sex that it is stupid to attach terms like feminism, sexism, etc. You get in for 10 bucks with a student ID. So horny college students should go here. Also, the admission is tax deductible. Try explaining that ti the IRS. lol The forst part of the museum is a mock-up of a red light district.  Then, the lower floor of the museum has artifacts.  There are marble, wood, and stone penises.  They are labeled "deflowering devices" from various parts of the world. To me, they just looked like dildos. They have cardboard cutouts of some porn stars and an old porno from the 30's playing.  Kinda funny. Actions are the same, just in black and white and the people are hairier. There is a section on the bottom floor that has a Star Wars porn movie. Reason I mention this, is that while you are looking at everything, you have to get used to hearing, "Oh yeah, oh yeah" and slap, slap, slap and "MMMMMM...yeah". Believe me, it adds a whole other experience to the museum. Also, check out the bathroom, and write your name or a catchy saying on the wall.  My only thought when I went into the bathroom was, "I wonder how many people have had sex in this bathroom?"The second floor was much more artsy.  It featured a very large golden Schlong.  My wife thought it was funny. What does one do with such an item? I mean, you can't exactly use it as a coffee table. There was also a wall with pictures of vaginas. They were called "petals."  Sadly, I did not recognize any of them.  There was another section that was playing some old porn.  Again, it was funny. I think there must have been a thing about hair in the 70's.  One movie that was being shown was the infamous Deepthroat. While I do admire that talents of the actress, I could not ignore the fact that it looked like she was working with Cousin It. Again, in the background, you are hearing, "Oh, OH, OH, Yeah, yeah baby." So it puts a funny spin on things.Go here when you are in Vegas. Just be open minded and laugh.  If you get lucky, maybe your significant other will reward you later on that evening. hehe This place is off the strip. It is right next door to Deja Vu. Also, think about the fact that your admission is going towards a great cause!
4	Sexy Museum!On my last trip to Vegas I was trying to find stuff to do that is fun and cheaper than gambling. Additionally this is a non profit place so its tax deductable LOL seriously! In an attempt to limit my time spent on slot machines and card tables, I yelped some alternate things to do for fun and found this place. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ev1SC6q8AolQWix0n577sg?select=YO2XeytGnySkqj0MRiwuyg#nS2C-9-m1bWaMhm8qvb8aAOk so curiosity killed the cat but I had to find out what this was all about. And let me tell ya this place is a gold mine of goodies that has something for everyone.  From vintage porn movie posters for the foodies of Yelpland http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ev1SC6q8AolQWix0n577sg?select=YO2XeytGnySkqj0MRiwuyg#zuLMyqtb0ZJ-t1wPGnR5N  to sexy vintage shoes for the footies of Yelp  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ev1SC6q8AolQWix0n577sg?select=YO2XeytGnySkqj0MRiwuyg#lFm7eYqnjLUUAA6561OMwA Star Wars for the nerd in all of us http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ev1SC6q8AolQWix0n577sg?select=uc7px8D91W7bSf3HYAfuSQ#uc7px8D91W7bSf3HYAfuSQOld erotic carvings for the historians http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ev1SC6q8AolQWix0n577sg?select=GSpsTR2iXWGl-eIXr6tLuw#GSpsTR2iXWGl-eIXr6tLuwThe place has a huge display of all sorts of things pertaining to sexuality from brutal stone tribal deflowering tools to vintage sexual stimulators to modern day sex toys. There are tributes to modern day sexual pioneers like Hefner and Flynt as well as homage to todays porn actors and actresses.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ev1SC6q8AolQWix0n577sg?select=je9yXDiPizYyFRHcE_lyXg#L9CeQuT-RjP0UhlvJW42JQ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ev1SC6q8AolQWix0n577sg?select=je9yXDiPizYyFRHcE_lyXg#je9yXDiPizYyFRHcE_lyXghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ev1SC6q8AolQWix0n577sg?select=je9yXDiPizYyFRHcE_lyXg#71M-tNDRyU6p6l8_ladqpgThey even have a reverse theater in the round featuring movies from the 20s thru the 70s. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ev1SC6q8AolQWix0n577sg?select=je9yXDiPizYyFRHcE_lyXg#zCw6wzIFVaK_qfPeuOqIMQThe art collection upstairs (sorry no pics) has some truely amazing works of art and photography, including a fantastic vagina picture picture collection (Petals) that runs along a complete wall and highlights both beauty and contrast. Ever seen a 4 foot golden penis? Minature carved ivory Japanese sex idols? And hey the gay community is not left out, there are vintage films, book collections and some beautiful lesbian erotica paintings.There was an interesting collection of newspaper clippings highlighting the continual run ins our polititions, clergy, and public figures have with the law.This would be a great spot for a date night ... really. And if your date goes really, really, really well they have a special wedding chapel/honeymoon deal they rent out. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ev1SC6q8AolQWix0n577sg?select=je9yXDiPizYyFRHcE_lyXg#DG3AFR9MNLcoZxxBQisVPQThey have a small gift shop and a private library for students. This is a pretty cool place I'd visit again. They even have the Yelp sticker of approval on the door. And I owe this cool discovery to my VBC Canadian friend Yvonne F. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ev1SC6q8AolQWix0n577sg?select=je9yXDiPizYyFRHcE_lyXg#QiNoFi8JAQJ1Lfv4G4hAJASo go give them a visit and dont forget to UFC (FUC) this review!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ev1SC6q8AolQWix0n577sg?select=eemni2j3d2ebPYkrh_Nj7g#eemni2j3d2ebPYkrh_Nj7g
4	My wife bought a groupon for the Erotic Heritage Museum when we were visiting Las Vegas last month.  I wasn't quite sure what to expect, but it turned out to be a fun and interesting thing to do while on our vacation.The museum is pretty easy to find, and is on 'strip club row', right next to Deja Vu.  We were greeted by a friendly woman at the front as we entered.  She gave us a quick run down of the museum and the rules.  Apparently my attention was wondering, because my wife informed me that I was violating a couple of the rules while walking through the museum (No pictures on the second floor! ;).The place was REALLY quiet.  Between the two floors, there was only one other couple.  There were lots of cool artifacts, trinkets and pictures.  Many of them from various places around the world.  The items gave a small glimpse into the history of sex, and it was neat to read about their origins.  It was not only very interesting to learn about the history, but also to learn about how other cultures have viewed sex and sexuality over time.There were also several videos playing throughout the museum that encompassed a large chunk of the 20th century.  The early videos were especially intriguing, and allowed me to see how society's views of sexuality has changed.  It was also very interesting to see the various technologies associated with eroticism over the years, and how they have evolved.  It was an unexpectedly nerdy and cool experience wrapped up into one.I really enjoyed my visit to the Erotic Heritage Museum.  It was nice to do something out of the ordinary while visiting Las Vegas, and this was a pleasant surprise.
3	This is something pretty cool to do that is off the beaten "Vegas" path. The museum is pretty easy to locate- very close to the Fashion Show Mall. It was quiet, with just a few other visitors on a Saturday evening. I wonder if it ever gets busy there?  The entry fee is $15 for general public, $10 for locals, students, military, and a few other categories.There are a lot of interesting displays, artwork and sculpture from all over the world, porn movie collections, history of sexual "scandals", dildos, photographs, pretty much everything you can think of. The setting was almost industrial- it felt as though I was in a warehouse.  And although the staff said that the bathroom is a "must see", it was very overwhelming and kind of gross to me (I won't spoil it for you).I kind of wish that there had been a guided tour option, because as I continued to walk through, I began to feel alternately overwhelmed and bored. The second floor is definitely "nicer" and more museum-like than the first floor, but with fewer displays. No photography is allowed on the second floor, though. Unfortunately, by the time we reached the second floor, I was a bit spent, so I didn't spend as much time exploring there.It is something that I am glad that I checked off of the list, but I doubt I'd return.
4	I went here because I wanted to take a picture of the sculpture of a penis entirely done in pennies.  Mission accomplished.  I didn't expect to see Larry Flynt's wheelchair AND get complimentary lube on my way out!  Best $10 spent in Vegas EVER!
4	Yup. This museum was built for me.Seeing as I have somehow harnessed the reputation of being the "guy who talks about porn a lot," once I saw this on Groupon, there was not a second thought about purchasing admission for me and my girlfriend. Not sure if the deal is still on, but it was only $15 for both of us.Upon entering, there are a couple of cardboard cut outs of the women who have so very often graced my Macbook Pro screen, and of course, photos galore were taken. The worker was very nice to us and told us the rules/layout of the place. Nervous and giddy, we entered cautiously.The first floor is just a large space, paradoxically organized yet disorganized due to its open structure. There were definitely exhibits, but it was all just kind of strewn about so it was a little hard to follow. No pun intended. My favorite parts were the "deflowering devices" from ancient cultures, which were essentially dildos made out of jagged wood that looked extremely painful. I wish I would've lived back then because I would've volunteered to be the deflowering device if they needed one.Next up was "the chair," a contraption for S&M that looked like it was straight out of the Saw movie franchise. Dear God. I would not wish that thing even on my worst enemy.I also learned that Mike Tyson raped a girl. Who woulda thought.The "celebrity" sex tape portion was fascinating because it made me realize how many people who are so far removed from the idea of being a celebrity will do whatever it takes to make a buck. I hope that one day I can make it on this list.If I'm not mistaken, the Star Wars exhibit was up because it won a bunch of awards at the AVN awards (the Oscars of Porn). Either way, I'm not sure if I felt more uncomfortable casually sitting and watching porn or staring at a distance and watching other couples who were forty years older than me watch porn casually.Upstairs was MUCH more enjoyable because it had more artistic aspects and also the history of the peep show! And there was porn playing everywhere, from the 1900's when missionary was still shocking to the new age stuff, where seven black dudes are banging one white girl. The times, they are-a changin'.I also got to see some molds of porn star dicks. Never in my life have I felt so emasculated. I tried to tell my girlfriend, "No, no, those are fake. I swear." Yikes.I could sit here and write for hours, and I feel like I already have. So the best thing for you to do now is, if you have that sexual desire within you and still want to seem cultured, go here for an unforgettable, awkward, fun, exciting, and most likely blueballs-inducing time.
1	This place was pretty boring. Good thing we had a groupon.  It felt more like a boring museum that has art work from africa and other countires like that.  I was expecting more porn stuff.  At least they could of had a section with the evolution of sex toys.  the best part of the museum was the previews of celeberty porn. So save your money and skip this one.What was better was the sex store located next door.
5	On Friday, I attended one of the museum's many lectures. This one was called "Understanding Bestiality & Zoophilia" and it was given by Dr Hani Miletski. I came across an adult video years ago on this years ago but the WHOLE story, & information given on this subject was EXTREMELY fascinating was one who stated an opposing opinion but it was clearly handled. This is DEFINITELY one of the best lectures & the museum has had MANY great ones! DEFINITELY worth the trip if not for the lectures, for the whole story of eroticism. You will learn so much In an EXTREMELY large area (10,000 Sq. Ft.) Go for It!
3	Let me preface this review by saying I got a Groupon, had I paid regular price for admission I think I would have been disappointed. However for $15 for both of us we had a great time! It is off the beaten path of the strip and was a fun different kind of museum experience. I really liked the portion that gave history on the porn industry and first amendment, that was very interesting. Be sure to check out the sculpture of the 1,000 penny penis, a must see for sure! Also, they have some props from the Star Wars film which was pretty fun to see. However, it really could have been curated better. Some of the information on the time lines were confusing, for example why are they telling me about marijuana law, did I miss something? Overall, it was a fun off strip thing to do but unless you want to sit down and watch some vintage porno movies on the second floor it'll only take about an hour to see.
4	Come here with an open mind and you'll leave having learned a lot about sexual history. The EHM staff was very knowledgeable and helpful, even alerting us to the Groupon deal and letting us get in at a discounted rate. From figurines and sculptures to time line dioramas and artwork, this museum reviews every facet of human sexuality and provides an excellent overview of its history. Pretty unique part was the theatre room upstairs where they have films on constant rotation. One even dated back to the 1930s! If you're a Vegas local or someone who spends a lot of time in Vegas and care about  sex education, support this museum! And if you're a tourist, definitely something to check out -- off the beaten path and educational to boot.
3	If you expect the flashy big lights of Vegas here, you might be let down.  But for $10 entrance for locals, and if you look real close, you will find some very amusing gems - from ancient kinky artifacts to black and white silent porn from 1915 (and in pretty good shape too!).  Make the visit on your 3rd trip to Vegas when you've exhausted the other attractions or if you are an erotica connoisseur (There are a lot of books and artwork you can purchase).  We weren't allowed to take photos on the 2nd floor of the museum, which had great stuff too, but the first floor had enough fun stuff to cover.   Hmm, maybe the trip would be more fun too if you were a lil buzzed with some buddies.
2	I wouldnt waste your time or money... It really is just mostly prints, and sculptures... The history, etc. is all stuff  you can read online, etc and get just of good an experience.
4	Groupon did it again...We found ourselves waling in 108 degree weather for 2.5 miles and FINALLY made it there. The GF and I had a blast walking through there, admiring the numerous toys, statues, characters and just good ol fashioned SEX vibe of the place... It was good fun, stripper pole included. Played with the Star Wars characters and hit the photobooth. A good visit for a one-time trip. Definitely a must-see if your partner is not an uptight nag that cant appreciate good fun, porn playing, looking at what stuff to try out and SEX everywhere...
4	Very tasteful, well "laid" out museum.  Ok, all kidding aside my husband and I really enjoyed this place.  Went here with another couple, all of us being open minded to sex and porn and I have to say I felt more like I was in a fine art museum.  I found everything interesting and I said, "oh wow I had no idea" and "oh wow that's so cool" a lot.  I had never really thought about the history of sex and porn and all the taboo associated with it, but I was impressed with all the very old artifacts and photos and movies.  Some of those early filmmakers were so brave - I applaud them for what they were doing in the times they were doing it.The folks out front were so nice and informative and there was even a BDSM group doing very "hands-on" demonstrations while we were there.  Nothing about the whole experience felt weird or uncomfortable at all.  I would probably go again if we had guests with the same mindset we do.Oh, and the penny penis - very cool!
3	Found this place on Groupon before a recent visit and reviews here made it seem worth visiting, so bf and I fit it into our travel plans this past week. Not sure I would recommend it to any friends though.Though it is in a seedy part of town, effort is made to make this place as professional as possible. Art is labelled with accompanying plaques, shelves and display cases are clean and organized, and quite a bit of unique items are available here.However, this place just falls short. The employee who let me in said the trip should take about an hour, and it did, but it wasn't a riveting hour- I was mostly looking around for substance, and didn't really find it. The section on peepshows was detailed and cohesive, with several examples and display items to accompany the narrative text. I enjoyed that part.The rest of the museum was largely a mishmash of objects and pictures without much in the way of a guide or narrative, or any discernible path or process by which you were supposed to tour the museum displays. There was a section of Persian art, then a rack of labelled vintage sex toys, then cardboard cutouts of various porn stars and a few bondage sex furniture pieces. Most of it was interesting, but it was just not thorough and everything seemed very dated.Another thing I'd like to point out is the lack of material discussing erotic literature or pornography as an industry. I know this isn't a porn museum, but all they had was just some standard biographical posters of well established porn stars and a "cam girl display" which was unfortunately not working when we were there. It, also, was painfully put of date. Would have liked to see well developed material discussing and detailing the impact of the Internet on the porn industry, or recent legislation that has impacted the field such as that involving mandatory STD testing and/or condom usage.All things said, this is not a place to bring your more prudish friends. There were places where actual porn footage is playing, and loudly so, which may make some uncomfortable. I myself did not mind, but think I would not have lingered if other patrons were present nearby, but as it is, we were alone for nearly the entire duration of our visit, for which I am thankful.
3	Having a weekend in Las Vegas and stumbled upon this museum, on groupon. I  found this place a little underwhelming. There was some great history and fascinating artifacts. Loved the history of pornos. I just felt like it was missing something. Could have explored more into taboo subjects like fetish, toys, etc. I'm glad I went. Was a fun 45 min diversion. I wouldn't see myself paying full ticket price
5	"Where's the restroom?" "You see the dick that says restroom? Follow where it's pointing."OMG!!!!  They were showing porno vids from the 1920's (silent era!!! Think 3 stooges fucking) and 1930's and so on and so forth ...you could see the progression of boldness and styles. How natural they were back then, incredible. Footages of Larry Flynt, his actual wheelchair. Tons of art from all over the world, a massive display of horniness. I absolutely dig this museum.
5	Bring an open mind and  a sense of humor, that's all I'm going to say. My wife and I went with another couple and had a very enjoyable afternoon.
5	Very informational and entertaining!Great place for a date night even! Definitely worth a visit for locals and tourists!  So much fun!
5	Who doesn't like sex? I know I do!! And there's a museum dedicated to it?!? I'm in!!!When visiting the museum, there is A LOT to look at and A LOT of facts to read. One of my closest friends, Ife, suggested that we go here and I'm glad we did. Besides my bf, there's no other person I would want to go with. You must have an open mind and a good sense of humor. Be prepared for lots of laughs and random facts that might shock you. Seriously I don't even know where to start describing what's inside this place. Of course, lots of sex wherever you turn. My favorite was the board where visitors write their dirty secrets, and yes, I did write something on there. Sex has evolved so much and it's so crazy to see how much it has changed (like how hairy everyone was.) There's a whole section dedicated to sex machines, um ouch! There was even a workshop taking place on how to practice safe bondage techniques. Upstairs, there is actual porn playing in one of the exhibit booths. Even a whole section dedicated to homosexual practices. Everything was sooo interesting!! I enjoyed my time here!! I love learning about new things, especially when it's about sex. I can't wait to come back again, this time with the bf. P.S. $15 general admission, $10 for students
5	Super unique and informative. Educational and not trashy! I love statistics and random facts...this place has a bunch. The artwork collection is diverse and unique. I went with a girl friend and we had a good time. It wasn't weird; we had some good laughs and ah-ha! moments. I would suggest this for a random date night with the girls or your significant other.
5	Ok so it's not the Smithsonian, but hey this is Las Vegas. That being said this is must do when in Las Vegas, even for the prudish amongst us, maybe this will loosen you up in a very thoughtful and tasteful way. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	This museum is needed, and apparently closed and reopened a short time ago. Having been to one of the best erotic museums in the world, in Montmartre, Paris, France, where the sexuality and practices of cultures all over the planet were thoroughly covered, this was really a disappointment.  Every museum has to decide what to display and where to devote their resources, and there were some poor decisions here.  There is an entire huge section on the first floor devoted to promotional materials from the video pornography industry (mainly Vivid and Wicked stars) that likely was donated free after a convention.  It only covers 1990-1995.  There is a display from a Star Wars themed pornographic video.Where was the historical pornography, stag films, or the heritage of comics and photo books that numbered in the millions from 1910-1950? There are tons of blown up infographics taken from magazines.  Yawn.  If I wanted to read magazines, I didn't need to come here.  And strangely, there are literally hundreds of plaster and plastic casts of genitals and breasts.  Hundreds.   And this is not even a historical "heritage" of pornography, or a mainstream practice.  Speaking of mainstream practices, this museum could also choose to cover all aspects of sexuality or eroticism, or limit things to the most common practices.  There is one display about necrophilia, which is limited to a partial interview with a woman that had "sex" while working in a funeral home with tens of dead bodies.  The second floor had celebrity sex tapes from recent memory.  It also has a collection of hundreds of what looks like 1950s and 1960s watercolor paintings from Germany and some from France.  Unfortunately, almost all of them have zero captions, so you are left to guess what they say (the ones that have captions) or who the artist is or was, what the significance of them is, or the date they were created.  Very frustrating if you're interested in what is being displayed. Like the problems with the first floor, there is one extremely small exhibit with mannequins on dominance and submission and bondage and masochism.  No explanation or exhibit plaque explaining how common (and this may be one of the most common practices) this may be, or what "erotic heritage" these practices have contributed to.  However, there were two - yes two - exhibits and videos showing scrotal inflation, which is the practice of adding saline solution or air to the scrotum until it inflates to the size of a small volleyball.  I am willing to guess that most people have not heard of this practice, and it certainly isn't common enough to warrant two repeating videos and two stations detailing the practice, over BDSM or the use of vibrators and other sex toys throughout history. I wish this museum well, and the lower your expectations (or the higher your blood alcohol) the more you may just view, and not think too much.  But this could be so much more. I would love to see a remodel and planned out exhibits instead of what you see now.
5	Interesting place to check out. Local or just visiting, I would recommend a stop in. You will see things you never thought you would. Plus, the staff there are super sociable and kind.
5	Erotic Heritage Museum is a delightful day out for visitors and/or residents. The grounds are gorgeous and it's fun to see the art. It is a perfect way to spend a day.
5	The architecture of this museum is second to none. The minute you arrive to the top level by means of a small electric train, the museum buildings great you with an exquisite architecture and unbelievable views of the mountains and the ocean. The exhibits change from time to time, so it be wise to plan in advance.
5	Spectacular Rubens on display, outstanding architecture and beautiful gardens. We had lunch on site from the self service Cafe which served food made from locally sourced ingredients of high quality. A serene and welcoming location admist of all the hustle and bustle of NV. Great 360 views. Not to be missed. Highly recommended.
5	The museum was packed, but it was well worth the wait as we stood in line for the monorail. We took a tour with one of the docents, who turned out to be one of the curators. It was truly wonderful.
5	Erotic Heritage Museum is a great place to visit for art lovers and tourists alike. There is plenty to see both inside and out and the views of the city are unparalleled. The photo exhibits are my personal favorite. The parking is paid, but entrance to the museum is free!
4	Remarkable structure and even more remakable setting. Our family arrived on a late, warm, cloudless midweek afternoon. Not too many people. The setting sun created constantly changing colours and shadows through the outdoor sculptures and trees onto the soft stone building surfaces. Such is the site of this museum, we enjoyed the views of LA and the exterior drama so much we barely had time for the exhibits inside. The vision to build it matches the vision it provides. Must see experience..
5	I paid my second visit to the Erotic Heritage Museum during the first week of July, 2013. This art museum is a treasure. Stunning architecture, gardens, and exhibits. The experience is made even better by the location, sitting on top of a hill over looking all of NV. During both of my visits I have noticed that the majority of the visitors are from other countries. It would be great if more people in the USA would visit this amazing museum, and made aware of all it has to offer. Art Education at its finest!
