5	Beth has been my hairstylist for a couple of years now, and I love her! She is a highly skilled professional, and I always get lots of compliments on my new do's. People have literally crossed crowded rooms to compliment my hair. When I come in with an idea, she will discuss it with me, and come up with a creative and beautiful design. Plus, she is warm and funny, and a great companion for the 2 1/2  to 3 hours I am with her. If you aren't interested in chatting, she will gladly leave you to your magazine and your thoughts.The rest of the staff is friendly and courteous and the salon is always clean and bright. I love coming to this salon to get my hair done.
4	Came in for a haircut with Kelly Dudek on the recommendations of a couple of friends from my pilates studio...  Had been going to Jeff Dille (who is super fabulous) at the Mosaic salon in Boca Park, but was lazy about driving so far for my haircuts, so they had been few and far between anyway, then, to make matters worse, I spent months growing my hair out for my bridesmaid updo in my brother's wedding... Long story short, my hair was a mess!  Kelly cleaned me up perfectly and my hair is finally healthy and shiny and fabulous.  Am so excited that she is fantastic and only a 15 minute drive.
5	My hairstylist is Matt Rose.  I was referred to Mosaic Salon through the girls at my old job.  I had been going to the same hairstylist at a different salon for a little over a year but he up and quit so I was determined to find another great hairstylist.  All the girls said to go to Matt Rose.  So glad I did.  He is not only friendly and easy to get a long with but he does exactly what you ask for, which as we all know is common sense but not everybody gets it right.  He has a unique way of cutting hair, does a fantastic job at color and highlights, gives great recommendations and even does hair extensions.If you ever get a chance to make it over to Mosaic Salon on Eastern, ask for Matt Rose.Also, if you're looking to get your eyelashes done the RIGHT way and you want them to look natural, long and pretty, ask for Barbie.  She is awesome and really takes the time to bind every single lash perfectly.  Tell them Rosie sent you.  Good luck!
5	From the moment you enter the salon and it's upscale NYC style boutique, with it's friendly staff and inviting music, you know you have made a wise choice in selecting a future salon. Everything From the staff, the amazing stylists (there are about 40, all exclusively rental only) the decor, music, convenient location it makes coming to Mosaic a fabulous experience every time.
5	Trina is my stylist, and I've been going to her for three years. They say that the good stylists always group together. I've always had a great cut/highlight, with great results. My style's ranged from a bob to long, and its always gorgeous out of the salon. She keeps in mind that I'm low-mainentance, and cuts around my laziness.
4	Everyone that works here is so friendly and it rubs off onto clients as well.  I've always felt like it's a pretty social salon, everybody striking up conversation with everybody.  My girl is April Daoang and I love how she does my hair.  She listens and interprets, which is just as important as talent (which she has as well :).  It's safe to say I get the "who does your hair?" question 5 times a week and I hand out her card quite a bit.  I have a ton of friends that go to her as well and we all have vastly different styles and hair types so that says a lot for her diversity.  I notice the salon really goes out of their way to offer a lot of high quality continued education to their stylists, that's important.The ONLY thing I wish they had but don't is full service (to include massage therapists and aestheticians), mainly because it would be to their business advantage, but the location would have to create much more room for that obviously.  And really that's stupid to complain about when the vibe is so uplifting.
5	Jeff Dille @ Mosaic SalonHad my hair colored, cut and styled by Jeff Dille yesterday, my hair looks incredible!  Jeff is a terrific stylist and so professional.  He is intent on achieveing perfection in his work, and needs to be admired for that.  It is in my best interest to become a regular in his chair, because my hair has rarely felt this good, or recieved so many compliments.  His pricing is awesome, especially considering the level of service and expertise you are getting.  Highly recommend!!!!!
4	ROCKED! My stylist, Kelly D. was awesome! She rocked my hair and the day before my wedding, making me a princess. After the first color round I said "it isn't quiet as light as I would have liked it to be" and BHAM we were doing it again She made sure she didn't go over the already blonde highlights and did whatever it took to make me happy. NOW THAT IS CUSTOMER SERVICE! Kelly D is my new best friend! Thanks! Worth EVERY penny!
2	Jeff Dille @ MosaicI know there are a lot of good reviews for Jeff, and he's a really nice guy, but unfortunately I'm going to go against the grain. Being new to Vegas, I rely on reviews to get around, so hopefully this will be helpful. Yes, Jeff is cheap and boasts extensive experience. However, those two factors working together means he's an EXPERT at ripping off the client. My perspective is: charge me whatever you need to - $80, $100, $130, $140, $200 - just do what I ask for. And if you need to charge me more to do what I ask for, be up front with me at the beginning, but please, do so. This is NOT what happened in my experience with Jeff at all. I ended up paying more than initially quoted, and leaving with less done to my hair than I had specified. Regarding charging more:On the phone, Jeff stated my total for a full foil would run me $130. I also mentioned I saw his ad on city-search which promised 20% off the first service. So, I went expecting to pay $104 (plus tip of course) - a steal for a full foil. He told me AFTER my service was complete that he was tacking on an additional $10 because I "have a lot of hair." (It's thick, but smooth, manageable, and only shoulder length. Not even Newbury Street salons in Boston ever charged me more for just thickness.) But I didn't argue that, I just paid the $130 + tip and left. Then the following day, I realized he never took off the promised introductory 20% off. It was super uncomfortable, but I'm very much one for principal, so I contacted him and asked about it. To be fair, he was nice enough to leave an envelope with the cash at the front desk to be picked up. Regarding diminishing quality of service: Now this is what really bugs me. There were several ways in which he was completely dishonest costing me my typical hairdo, and profiting him through saving product yet charging me the same:1.  I brought in a note card from my former stylist (who unfortunately I left back in Boston, otherwise I would never have switched) with each specific formula on it in order to perfectly duplicate what I have done to my hair.  I usually get two colors foiled in and a specific type of toner, all in Wella color products. Jeff used ONE color instead of two, did not tone, and I'd place money on the fact that the one color is something cheaper than Wella because it just doesn't match. Needless to say, the portion of roots that I had at the top looks NOTHING like the rest of my hair, so it looks super super trashy. (Sorry, I don't want to fit in here in Vegas that much. I'll pass on looking trashy.) Why charge me $140 for 3 products when you can charge me $140 for 1? (Oh wait, the answer to that is because I'm a full foil and cut every 5 weeks girl, so if I'm happy, you have the potential to earn a lot from me! Fail.)2.  He threw out the note card with the formulas from my former stylist. Possibly inadvertent, but it's pretty presumptuous to think I won't need it any more and will just continue going to him. (I'm going to have to place a call over to my old salon to get a duplicate.)3.  As I mentioned I have thick hair and he charged me extra as such. However, he did not use any extra product. In fact, he did the sparsest highlights I've ever had, including the first set I ever got at age 15. So sparse, in fact, that it hardly made any difference whatsoever for my roots, and you cannot see any appreciable change in the rest of my hair. (Perhaps this was a blessing in disguise, since the rest of my hair minus the roots still looks good like it used to.)4.  He pulled the whole "Oh, you're only damaging your hair by getting highlights underneath!" line. Any time a stylist says that to me, I'm never going back again. My hair is perfectly healthy and I spend a crap ton to keep it that way. For those who don't know, stylists only do this so they can convince you they're "helping" you, meanwhile charging you for a full foil and effectively giving you a partial. I responded, "am I paying for a full foil? I better leave with one." And, even with that, there are still some spots in the back sans highlights, which when he gave me the mirror to see the back at the end, I moved my hair aside to examine and he quickly moved my hair back. 5.  He put the highlights about 1/4" from my scalp, so I'll be due for an appointment much much sooner. This is a trick I've been told stylists will use to get you in the door more frequently, but unfortunately for Jeff, it'll be to a different salon. I cringe every time I look at my hair now, because I left the salon looking like I had 3 week roots, and now, I look like I'm due for an appointment again, and it's only been 3 weeks. So there you have it. Two stars - and two only because my hair isn't butchered, and is completely fixable, not because there actually was any level of service to warrant two stars.
5	Great salon, nice, white, open and contemporary.  All of the stylists here rent their spots so you should search out your own stylist, or Mosaic can help you find someone for your specific needs.  I would highly recommend Michelle T, she does an amazing job on both cuts and colors for men and women, and I have seen her up-dos for weddings and they look amazing.
5	If one more person stops me in the street to tell me how gorgeous my color is...!  Amanda Fuller is a must if you want HEALTHY, rich, shiny color.  Interesting without looking super unnatural.I have been her client for 10+ years, and will travel back to Vegas just to have her color me.  For real.
5	i called this place because i needed a cut so bad and i was tired of paying my guy a 100 bucks a pop so i called asked the receptionist who the best person for a cut was and she scheduled me with Kelly Herrick.  She even stayed late to cut me and she was AWESOME!  it was an hour long hair cut, she did what i asked recommended i cut a little more to get rid of the dead hair she washed it cut it wet dried it flat ironed it and then cut it dry to make sure she didnt miss anything.  I was really impressed and I would recommend anyone who needs a good cut to see her.
5	Chantal she is amazing! I was very hesitant to get a haircut since I've had a few bad experiences in the past but she did exactly what I asked for and put a great twist on it! Will definitely return soon.
5	Moved to Henderson from Chicago about a year ago so had to start from scratch for even the most basic of needs doctors, dentist and yes . . .  even a hair salon and stylist.  A friend who had been out here a while pointed me in the direction of Mosaic Salon and Mercedes Wright while I was complimenting her hair.  I scheduled my two daughters and myself with Mercedes and have been going back since. She is such a friendly person who listens to what you would like to do with your hair and then helps make incredible suggestions.  She is the best at pointing out ways to improve your look while keeping in mind your original intent. Have never been disappointed.  My girls are always thrilled to find out it is time to visit Mosaic. She prefers you to schedule an appointment but if she is available she may take a walk-in. This is an upscale salon & boutique so you can expect pricing appropriate to the setting.  If you want less atmosphere, a lesser name place you know where to go there are more than a few off of Eastern Avenue ~ along the entire drive of it you can clip it anywhere.
5	Dear Jessica McIntire is my favorite stylist, she is the best!  Jessica has personality, pizazz and definitely skills to name just a few of her amazing qualities!
5	5 stars handsdown. Everything is right about this place. From the decor to the boutique and the hairstyling. My girlfriend recommended this place to me since I'm new in town I had no clue where to start looking for a good hair girl. Plus I'm a picky redhead. The boutique was adorable, I'm from Newport Beach and the style out here in Vegas is so not my style but the clothes here reminded me of home! They had all the spring colors and the prices were exactly what I'd expect to pay for cute clothes. ($17-$45)My hair was a mess, I have extensions and my red was faded. Ali gave me a brand new look with amazing rich color and I was in love. She recommended a hair treatment for $25 that she applied and I'm glad I bought it cause my hairs been silky all week! But the big plus was I had an audition to go right after my appt and she styled my hair and curled it to look great and I nailed my audition! Thank you Ali!
5	Kelly Dudek is an amazing hairstylist! Always works with me to get me in and I've always left there happy with my color, cut, and style.  They have cute clothes too.
5	Absolutely the best salon experience I have ever had. I have been going here for about 4 years now and the staff is equally as friendly every time I walk in the door! CHRISTINA RICH has been my hairdresser all of these years and has always given me the best colors and haircuts that I have ever had. I hope she does hair forever :)) Thank you for providing such a great experience!! Highly recommend this salon...
4	I tried out this salon (and Lana) based on a recommendation from a friend when another stylist at a different salon canceled on me last minute.  Not a fan of flakiness, I decided not to reschedule.  I'm so glad I went with the recommendation!  The salon is very nice, bright and spacious.  There is a boutique up front with some very fashionable and reasonably priced clothing.  I loved browsing while I waited. Lana is awesome!  Totally listened to me and strived to give me exactly what I want.  I wanted a big change but admitted that I wouldn't do well with a style that required a lot of upkeep.  She looked at some photos I pinned and was able to pick the style that would suit me best, making adjustments along the way to meet my no-fuss hair style criteria.  Even said to give her a call if I needed any fixes later on, and not to feel weird getting in touch with her if I didn't love my hair later or in a couple of days.  She made me feel totally comfortable!  But I'm loving my new 'do (for the first time in a long time) and can't wait to go back next time!
5	Tam Dao is my go to guy for quality in this industry. He's been my wife and my cut, color, and extension specialist. Seriously, the dude is part warrior, artist, and mad scientist all in one. Tam uses only the finest and safest products. Though his wash and rinse station products vary. He stands behind Wella's top of line color and toner. As far as pricing goes, well, I'll let you find your way on that. Tam is always professional at every turn. His conversation is relevant and cerebral. Try him out.
5	It was my first time at Mosaic Salon (Fall 2012) and the receptionist was very pleasant to speak with over the phone. I wanted same day hair appointment with a Master Stylist (Wishful Thinking) and of course they were all unavailable on a Saturday. However, the receptionist was kind enough to ask what I wanted done and recommended Nancy V. since she was the "Ombre Queen" and that's what I was just looking for (: When I got to the salon, the ambiance was great and the staff was friendly.My stylist Nancy was very attentive. She listened to my concerns and did a fantastic job with my haircut and Caramel/Golden Brown Ombre! I was a bit worried since it was my first time going, and I wasn't sure how my hair would turn out. But I am completely satisfied and I've had a lot of compliments about my hair and I am definitely recommending this Salon and Nancy is awesome!I went to Nancy again today and she did a fantastic job with my cut and color once again!
5	Just found Mosaic and got my hair done by Angela. I absolutely love it. She took her time to listen to my concerns and my hair looked gorgeous. Will be back soon!! The salon is very chic and everything is super cute. Thanks Angela :)
5	Ali W. is the best stylist/hair colorist I've ever had!  She is truly gifted with color and as a multi-tonal blonde I appreciate her skill immensely!  I've been seeing Ali since I moved to Las Vegas two years ago and my hair has never looked better!  I've ranged from platinum blonde to the highlight/lowlight mix for the last 20 years and never got a compliment on my hair from my mother/sisters until after my first visit with Ali!  Now, every time I see them they are awed at how amazing my color looks!Ali is also a great stylist in general who takes the time to listen to her clients' expectations for their cut/style/color and makes it happen!  I am friendly with at least five others who are regular clients of Ali and as a group we are constantly referring this very gifted stylist to those we encounter.  She truly is amazing!  If you don't have a stylist or are not completely satisfied with the one you currently see, I highly recommend making an appointment with Ali!!
5	I came in to turn my long hair into a very shirt haircut. I showed Angela some pictures if what i was thinking of, an she did a fantastic job. It was worth every dollar and I will go back to her next time Im in town.
5	I had my hair done by Melissa Cline yesterday, and it was hands down the best salon experience I've had in Vegas. When I first arrived she did a consultation and I showed her pics of the color I was aiming for. She really listened and thoroughly explained everything she was going to do. I have blonde hair that has taken quite a bit of abuse, she managed to highlight it to the exact shade I wanted it with zero damage. In fact, my hair has never looked or felt better. I HIGHLY recommend her
5	Shannon Smith is the bomb.com! She is REALLY good at doing colors such as red, pink, purple, etc. I love getting my hair done because I know she will do exactly what I want. I highly recommend her if youre looking for hair that stands out in the best way!
5	Excellent salon. Kelly Dudek consistently did the best blonde highlights on my fine-textured, medium-tone ashy hair. The color was never brassy, the highlights were well blended and natural, and the quality of my hair even improved due to the products Kelly used. She is not pushy at all about selling product, I just really liked how my hair felt afterward, so she told me what she used. I have a couple of friends who are hairdressers in another city, and they always complimented Kelly's work when they saw me. She's awesome. I recently moved and am considering making special trips back to Vegas just to get my hair done.
5	After finally cutting ties with my colorist I had the daunting task of finding someone who will help me maintain my fake blonde hair without it falling off or looking brassy and orange. I consulted with trusty Yelp, made the same day appointment, and met lovely Angela. At first I was afraid, some would say I was petrified, but all of my fears were slowly put to rest. Angela identified the problem, got my roots done perfectly, evened out the gold band from the previous semi disaster of an appointment with someone else, trimmed my bangs and sent me on my way looking fabulous. The prices are reasonable for the expert results you get. Everyone at the salon was very friendly and personable. Angela was not one of those stylists who loves to yap and as a result either doesn't focus on what they are doing, or the appointment ends up taking way longer than needed. She is friendly and the right amount of chatty. I am a repeat customer for sure!
5	One of the best salons in town, hands down! Make sure you book either with Danny or Kristin! They are amazing!
4	Great staff here! The place is nice and clean. The staff is also very nice! It was my first time here and I scheduled a appointment with Jamie for my friend and I. She was amazing and very friendly!
5	Transition to Gray!! With long coolHair? You betcha!!!  Crystal is my stylist - she's great. She took my southern mom hair andGave me cool hair. I was able to let itGrow out with the help of tape in extensions- She's a perfectionist and does the best blowOut. I treat all my visiting friends to her cut and colorTalent - and they would like to moveHere just because??  she's that good. You know how some stylist do your hair and youCan't wait to get home and Re - do it? That doesn'tHappen I am going gray now- we have partnered in makingThis transition happen. We're doing it without The root line grow off. It's amazing!! If you want to go gray or enhance your gray-Crystal is your partner in crime. Can't possibly  say enough great things about her. Like the salon too, Eyebrow shaping & waxingIs the best. Salon has boutique with cute clothes. Try it!!
5	Lisa is awesome! She explained every step of the hair coloring process since it was my first time. She was friendly, timely and informative giving me tips on hair maintenance. I will definitely be back!
5	Those 5 stars really belong to my wonderful stylist Lana. They have a cute boutique in the front that also sells top notch hair products. Lana is great about making sure you are 100% happy and is a joy to be around.
5	If you go here you should go to Crystal she's honestly the best person that's ever done my hair. I have really curly hair and whenever I need a haircut she straightens it and makes it look like I have natural straight hair. I have never gotten my haircut as good as Crystal cuts it! My sister with wavy hair also gets her hair done by Crystal and it's always perfect. Crystal is always open to your opinions and she is always honest about products. She never pushes you into buying something she only suggests. If you go to mosaic go to Crystal.
5	Definitely going back to this salon. An adorable boutique in the front and a friendly receptionist. I went to Angela Bosco and she was great. I felt comfortable, she gave me different ideas because I was unsure what I wanted and she did a great job with my cut and color.  I get compliments all the time, one girl in my class last week flagged me down after class to ask who colors my hair.  I will definitely be going back to Angie again.
5	One thing is for certain a good quality hair stylist can not be taken for granted. There are so many salons and hair dressers in Las Vegas when you find the right one you just know. Lana Brozek has been my hair stylist for the last three years. She has taken my color from greenish brown (on my own) to highlights to dark brown without comprising the integrity of my hair. I have long hair and have gained length and strength since I have entrusted my hair in her care. Every time I meet with Lana something magical happens. I always leave feeling a little better about myself. She has the training and skills to back her up and am so grateful to have found this little desert gem. Lana is always seeking out more education and knowledge to increase her marketability and hone in on her craft. Lana is passionate about hair. She knows that everyone who sits in her chair is beautiful inside and out and enables them to find their beauty!
5	Angie Bosco is consistent , reliable, and on top of current hairstyle fashion.  I have been going to her for years and she continues to impress. Nothing is a sure thing in Vegas except for her quality.
5	BEST HAIR CUT EVER!  Many thanks to the talented Nancy V.  Nancy was patient, professional and oh so creative.  I absolutely love my haircut.  Desperately needed a new haircut while  on vacation in Vegas.  Nancy came highly recommended from a friend, Holly.  And much to my surprise, due to the fabulous cut I was given, I had no problem after washing it and styling it myself.  I have to move to Vegas, or hey Nancy, how about moving to the East Coast!
5	This post is a little late and it's only because I just decided to start yelping. The 5 stars I am giving are due to my amazing hair dresser Collen. She has never let me down. I was able to trust her 100% with my which isn't an easy thing for me to do. I have never ever been disappointed in her in the the years I went to her. I say went because I moved to California.  She is so amazing I might just have to make trips to vegas to get me hair done. No matter what you need done to your hair you can trust her 100%. My extensions she put in were able to handle my weekend long partying.  She fixed my hair after I decided I needed to put pink in it on my own for EDC. Collen is just amazing at what she does. I really can't find enough words to say how amazing she is at what she does and I am not an easy client. I have been able to walk in looking a mess and my extensions a nightmare and leave looking amazing. If you come here ask for Collen you won't be disappointed.
5	I started going to Melissa Cline a few months ago, and she is honestly fabulous. I'm a blonde, and I came in with pretty damaged hair, and now it's so much prettier and healthier because of her. She is so attentive to your needs, accommodating to your schedule, easy to talk to, cares about the health of your hair and gives you so many tips. She is so fabulous. I would recommend her to anyone!
5	Jessica is by far the best wax and eye lash extension I have ever had. She takes her time and is a perfectionist (not to mention super sweet). I drive from henderson to get there and would not have it any other way!As for the salon, super gorgeous and attention to detail is amazing!
5	I DARE YOU!! I dare you to schedule an appointment with Master Stylist Donna Pinault at  Mosaic Salon.  I travel from Arizona every few years just to have my hair done by this amazing stylist.  I have yet to be disappointed in the 5 years she has been going to her.  Color, cut, style, Brazilian blow out, extensions; I've had it all and  she is the only stylist I have ever been able to say, "Do whatever you think will look good", to and walk away excited about my new look every time.  Donna is always current on the  hottest fashion styles, trends and latest products. I not only look forward to getting my hair done but also the great conversation we always share.  Donna is a talented, professional and one of the sweetest ladies I have ever met.  Extremely accommodating, she always goes out of her way to schedule me in, even on her days off.  No matter what you want done to your hair, Donna Pinault is the stylist to see, you won't be disappointed.  I DARE YOU!!
5	I've been getting my hair colored my ASHUR for a year. He is so good! I've had chemotherapy treatments years ago and was told I could never color my hair or put heat on it. ASHUR has worked with me and my hair and I'm finally at the colors that I always wanted! And I'm allowed to blow my hair out!He is truly a day maker!!!!!!
2	I'm sure there are plenty of excellent stylists there, but the one I went to was not good. It took an hour and a half, she asked for $45, and there's weird splotchy patches around my ears and on the back of my head. I even had a picture of myself from the last time I got a haircut at a different location so I could show her exactly what I wanted, but it looks nothing like that. What a waste of money. Oh, and the girl that shampooed my hair gave me the quickest and worst shampoo I've ever had in a salon. So, if you go, make sure that you get a recommendation from a friend and don't go to just any stylist.
5	GO SEE BRENT! I just received the best haircut of my life from Brent. No exaggeration. I have long, straight hair and received highlights and layers. Just amazing. It's actually able to recreate the style after going home...which we all know is nearly impossible.
5	LANA is FABULOUS - you must go see her!!!  She never lets me down...always super attentive, accommodating and a perfectionist.  She truly loves doing hair and it shows in every cut, style and color she does.  She truly cares about the needs of each of her clients and gives expert advice.  I trust her 100% with my full curly/wavy hair... she knows exactly what to do to give me the most fabulous cut and make me feel beautiful!  She is AMAZING...I recommend her highly!
5	EVERYONE PLEASE go to LANA!!! I've never had a more consistent and wonderful hair stylist in my life.  She's been my hair stylist for about 3 years now and not only does she brighten up my hair (literally), but she brightens up my day.  She does amazing work with BLONDES.  I just recently wanted to go platinum/silverish and she nailed it without any breakage, even with my hair being so thin and fine.  I can approach her with any random picture of a girl's hair color/cut that I want and she always achieves the same thing.  But what's really fabulous about it her is that she is seriously so pleasant to be around. She is such a positive light, and it shows in her attitude and her work.  Today I'm going to see her to get some HOTHEADS EXTENSIONS, and I cannot wait to see the results.  Lana says I will never want to try any other method of extensions...so stay tuned!!
5	I've been going to this salon for little over a year now and it has a great environment despite being a large salon. The staff is professional and the salon is well kept. They are one of few salons that carry the bumble and bumble line which also works out for me(and maybe for you too?)  After struggling with hair stylist who butchered my curly hair, I came across Dana Lopez. She specializes in curly hair and has yet to leave my unhappy. I constantly get compliments on my color/cut. She's also has flexible schedule, which suits my ever changing schedule. So if you have curly hair, don't waste your time and money with other stylist. Get your hair done by someone who actually knows how to cut curly hair, and doesn't just say they can.
5	I LOVE this Salon.  It has a great atmosphere, everyone is friendly, and you will NEVER leave unhappy!  You HAVE to go to Barbie if you want the perfect eyebrows and perfect lash extensions.  I last minute needed my eyebrows done after getting my hair done by Kelsey Dison (BTW she is an amazing stylist) and she mentioned Barbie up front.  I waited for Barbie to get done with another custumor and I am SO glad that I waited because I will never go to anyone else to get my eyebrows done.  Every other place that I go to seems to take all my hard grown eyebrows off instead of cleaning them up, BUT Barbie knew exactly what she was doing and cleaned them up and informed me what I need to do to make them luscious again.  After only a couple of months they are 100X better than before and I will never let anyone touch my eyebrows again!  After getting my eyebrows done I inquired about getting lash extensions and I LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!  I am a very plain, natural looking woman and these extensions were PERFECT and not too extreme.  She made mine more subtle and not as long but they look AMAZING.  No more mascara and I don't even have to wear make up if I don't feel like it.  GO TO BARBIE IF YOU WANT GREAT EYEBROWS AND GREAT EYELASHES!!!
5	I had kelsey for my appointment tonight. She was so amazingly awesome! Super friendly and she did an amazing job on my hair! I am definitely going to refer all of my friends to her! She fixed the blond mess that was my hair and now I feel like a new person.
5	I went to this salon for the first time earlier this week and am so happy I did. Koryn cut my hair and she is awesome. She was so friendly and funny. I love my hair cut!! The salon is cute and really like that the chairs are sectioned off instead of on top of one another. I will absolutely be back to see Koryn.
5	Got my hair cut and colored last week by Angela, I have to say it turned out awesome! I'm so happy! I relocated here from LA about a year and a half ago and I have struggled to find someone to go to. I've received many compliments and I love the way it turned out. If you are looking for your "go to" place, this is it!
5	This is a review for stylist Kacy at Mosaic.  Kacy was my stylist for 9 years and is amazing!  I just moved away and I miss her (and my fabulous hair) already.  It is rare to find a stylist that you trust completely to make you look fabulous each and every time.  She is incredibly knowledgeable in all of the new techniques and continues her education to make sure she stays on the cutting edge.  She will tell you what looks will fit your style, skin tone and maintenance abilities so that you don't walk out of the salon with something that looks bad or that you can't maintain.  Go to Kacy - she rocks!
5	I just moved here from NYC and needed advice... On everything! Luckily Yelp was at my fingertips. I was in need of my first new hairstylist in several years. After reading several reviews, l chose Angela Bosco. The salon was very clean and well designed. The boutique in the front is very interesting with a lot of cute items that I had to keep away from ! Angela took her time and discussed what I wanted. Then to the shampoo which was like a relaxing massage! All I can say now is that  my new hairstyle is amazing!!!!! It is more than I expected. I have now found a stylist that I  have only dreamed about. The only thing is I should have taken more of her cards to pass out to all the people who will ask where I got my haircut!  #hairgreatfullyhappy!
5	I used to go next door to Gorgeous to get my lashes done, but they've recently doubled their prices. I was okay paying less and getting a lower quality product (they fell out sometimes the week after, but sometimes they were fine.) Now I just go to Barbie. They last much longer than your run-of-the-mill lash salon, and both times I've been to her she gives me exactly what I wanted, without much elaboration needed. She takes a bit longer, but that's a good thing when it comes to your lashes. They've come out PERFECT both times. Very happy.
5	I am trying to grow my hair out and I wanted to add in some chunky red highlights but my hair is black and nearly impossible to lift without frying. I did a consult with Dana@mosaic and she suggested I try hotheads extensions because I would be able to have the long hair I wanted and I could just add in the color without damaging my hair and while allowing it to grow out. I went for it and I am in love! Dana combined red and black to give me an awesome custom look and she took so much time showing me how to care for and style my hair. Her prices are so reasonable and she has a creative and edgy style. I feel so gorgeous, definitely worth every penny!!
5	I've been going to Lana Brozek since she was fresh out of school. She listens and I always leave so much happier than when I walked in. If I've ever wanted a change she's more than happy to oblige, no matter how much hard work it takes to go from dark brown to blonde and back again. All she Cares about is making her clients smile.
5	Go see Lana Borzek, she is absolutely amazing.  I've never met any hair stylist who really listens as much as she does.  She has amazing natural talent and knows exactly how to turn your ideas into reality.  Lana is a true artist and the most amazing hair stylist I've ever had.
