5	I found myself wondering how they could possibly make anything more amazing and luxurious than the Wynn.  This place will blow your mind!  So stunning, more cohesively designed thank the original tower in my opinion.  so apparently this is the only place to go now...not to mention a ton of new places to dine and XS...XS is the most stunning place EVER.  I am a huge fan of Tryst and the service they provide there.  Tryst had two problems:1.not enough bathrooms2.not enough stripper polesThey seriously solved the hell out of both of these problems!!!  Stripper poles disguised as very large chic light fixtures and more restroom stalls than Giant's Stadium.  The whole club is so stunning, no doubt it will be the number 1 spot in vegas.
2	I spent some time at Encore on opening night. CASINO: It's just like the Wynn, but with a slightly altered color scheme. Too much red; I felt like I was walking around in a maraschino cherry.The ceilings are too low making it seem claustrophobic.RESTAURANTS: The Cirque-y moving-walls at Switch will underwhelm you every 25 minutes.Didn't get in to Sinatra's cuz there was a private party. Didn't get to Botero Steakhouse but it looks very appealing. Art helps with protein-digestion as far as I'm concerned. There is no buffet: halleleujah!XS was the one bright spot...a gorgeous venue! I predict this club will become the hottest destination in the club universe. Until,of course, the next over-the-top, Rome-is-burning club opens.Didn't see the rooms yet. I heard the Spa is extraordinary.The best thing about Encore is the same as the best thing about Wynn: the employees. They are the best-trained casino-workers anywhere. Frankly, it's worth going there just for them.
4	Steve is the man! The decor is what I like to call, EurAsian shiek and a whole lot of butterfly power. Red chandeliers, and 2 Chanels, back to back.
3	The Encore is smaller in everything compared to the Wynn, with their own casino, villas, suites, restaurants, and bars/clubs.  I really wondered how the Encore would compare to the Wynn since Wynn is probably the best hotel/casino on the strip.I was largely disappointed - by the casino decor.  The entire casino floor has these giant BRIGHT red chandeliers (I submitted photos) that really become nauseating after a couple minutes of looking at them.  Whoever picked this color was way in over their head and needs to go die.The suites aren't really suites, just really large rooms, big enough for 6 people to sleep in comfortably (with two beds and couches), and possibly fit up to 12 people if half of your party is willing to sleep on the brand new floor, since there's a lot of open space (go look at my photos I submitted).  Large bathroom with his and her sinks and shower heads (2), though the removable one is sort of hard to grip.  We had an amazing view though (again, look my photos), since the rooms have floor to ceiling windows.Overall, I don't think it's better than the Wynn, but it's definitely worth a stay, since the rooms are brand new and they have a completely different color scheme, decor, and vibe.  I guess really, I rate it a 3.5 :)P.S.  Apparently no photography of the casinos allowed, 'cause when I was taking a photo of the disgusting chandeliers (again, photos), security came over and told me I couldn't take photos of the casino - which I thought was rude 'cause I was aiming my camera directly up at the chandelier.
5	Room was greatGambling area smaller than the WynnOnly complaints: too much red and tables are small (feel crowded)
5	Gorgeous, Beautiful, Luxurious.  These words can not even begin to describe this new LV addition.  It is smaller than the Wynn but I love its intimate feel.  Even the restrooms are spectacular.  The tile floors had many many butterfly designs which made me a quick fan.  There is also a Botero restaurant in there that is absolutely beautiful ( I guess similar to the Picasso in Bellagio).  I loved all the red and was very impressed with the air in there.  It smelled of flowers and you do not smell cigarettes even though they are present.  The Asian fusion restaurant has the most beautiful dragon sculpture I've ever seen.  Oh how do I love thee...
4	Before visiting Encore, I've talked to multiple dealers at other casinos and all they had to say about it was "It is very red."  And BOYY were they right.. Carpets were red.. Certain walls were red..Chandeliers were red...I thought the chandeliers looked a bit tacky though.. It almost looked a bit fake/cheap.. But it goes with the theme.. The front entrance was beautiful with their floral displays like the Wynn.  In general I thought Encore was going to be more grand and unique like the Wynn with their waterfalls but that wasn't the case.  I guess I expected too much out of Encore!  The casino Area and Lobby Hotel is definitely smaller than the Wynn.  I noticed there was a lot of bars around the casino area on the sides though which is a plus for many people.  There's a club at Encore called XS which opened on NYE.. Will check that place out next time i come back to Vegas!  Overall though, Encore is indeed nice but just not that what i expected it to be.. plus new casino with so much red color for luck... not so lucky for kathy and roulette that night... sigh!
5	The most fabulous hotel in Vegas! The beau and I went for Xmas- just a few days before Encore's grand opening. The rooms; very sexy, sleek, modern, exquisite! All rooms are suites. Service - Fantastic! I typically don't like Vegas but I can't wait to return to Encore!
5	The rooms were nice and the view was great!  Best of all, the spa was SPECTACULAR.  Beautiful facility with the best masseuse I have ever had work on my body - Rhonda K!  And I won $75!
4	While this place was fabulous.. there are so many utterly fabulous resorts in Vegas that this place is far from being #1. The restaurants (ok so I only tried Switch) was a little disappointing.. and while the decor is cool, it's nothing ground breaking. The views are impeccable.. not sure if all the rooms are facing the strip southbound, but the ones that are... wow.. what a view! If I ever had a room here on NYE , I'd watch the fireworks in style from my suite. Lucky for you, Yelp, I stayed in/stepped foot in an Encore room, a Palazzo room, and a Trump room all in a span of 36 hours so I can write you a very good comparison of the 3 luxury hotels of the north end. I will rank them in a few categories from best to worstRoom Size/Spacious feeling: Palazzo, Trump, Encore. Encore's wall divide thing creating 3 distinct rooms is fun, but the open sunken living room at Palazzo is hard to beat. Decor: Encore, Trump, Palazzo. Encore was very cohesive.. which I like. It felt like stepping foot into a red/black/white modern art painting. My dad hated the "gaudy" Encore however, so keep in mind this place is very modern. Palazzo the more I look at it is poorly decorated... the drapes look like an ugly grandma comforter, and the burgundy tones next to the browns look kinda icky. Bed: Trump, Encore, Palazzo. The bed at Trump ROCKS. Soooo comfy.Bathroom: Trump, Palazzo, Encore. Encore sucked here... tiny bathtub.. WTF. A 5 star hotel should have a giant bathtub! The Trump bathtub with jets is incredible and huge. Personally I'd choose Trump if prices were equal for all 3. The kitchenette is a nice bonus too! While Encore is nice, I don't feel like it's fun modern decor makes up for the cramped feeling suite or the subpar bathroom.
3	Had Encore been it's own stand alone hotel, I would've given it 4 stars. But since it is the Wynn's sister hotel, I'm gonna be a little more critical. I had a back to back stay in the Encore and the Wynn so hopefully this will be helpful for future guests when deciding which hotel to stay at.Design: Butterfly overload. I'm a fan of LV casino carpets and was personally impressed by the entrance way to the Wynn Theater (Steve Wynn's wife's favorite part of the Wynn). However, multiply that by 100 and you get a sensory overload. The casino feels crowded and overstuffed with low ceilings, large obtrusive pillars, and too much foliage! The color scheme is dark and primarily red (which is a great contrast to the Wynn's light creamy colors), but is horribly speckled with "the most disgusting and repulsive chandeliers ever". I'm disappointed in a lot of decor choices as the Wynn's design aspects are perfectly portioned, textured, and balanced and I would have expected the same (if not better) from Encore. For one thing, the connector from the Wynn to the Encore leads to a very uninteresting area--literally 5 feet away from a slot machine node. I would have expected a much more grand entrance way as the majority of traffic would being coming from the connector from the Wynn. Casino: Poker room is over at the Wynn. Table games are alright but there are few people playing at Encore--most are over at the Wynn. Limits are the same at the Wynn ($15-500 min bet) I also thought the slot machine selection was whatevers. Give me my $2 max bet Wheel of Fortune please!!!Rooms: The rooms are huge! Great black and cream color scheme. Our double suite came with a large overstuffed corner couch (which 2 normal sized adults can sleep on comfortably as we discovered). The bathtub is smaller than the Wynn, but the vanity is MUCH larger for some reason. There is a convenient master remote located on the nightstand that controls the curtains, lights, and privacy sign (no more need to leave the bed and put that darned sign on the bed!). The privacy button lights up the privacy sign outside and mutes the doorbell (yes, the Encore suites HAVE doorbells!) which is uber convenient. The beds, amenities, and some of the decor is exactly the same as the Wynn. You can either get the strip view (which we got) that overlooks not only the strip but also the Wynn AND the gorgeous golf course or the other side that overlooks looks, uh, that end of the strip. We ordered room service and the food was brought up quickly and the dining cart converted in a luxurious table spread! Oh, and the food wasn't bad either ;) Comfy and sleek room. A+Service: Guest beware. All encore staff is NEW which translates to slower, bumbling service. Our room was not turned down after several of hours of leaving the "service room please" sign on the door. Checkout is strange. To prevent long queues, since the registration desk is incredibly small and at the other side of hotel, attendants greet you at the elevators to check you out. Not bad, but i see that as a flaw in the hotel that they would even need to offer that. Anyhoo, on our way out we went to go get our car and was told that there would be a minimum 15 minute wait. Alright, makes sense with the flood of guests from the grand opening. I chatted with other patrons who were waiting 30 minutes, 45 minutes, and HOUR??? Not only did the valet forget to turn in a few tickets, but they were rude and disrespectful to patrons who further inquired about their car. Blah, not good. But I guess they'll work out a few of the kinks as time progresses... I hope.Overall, the Encore was interesting to look at and felt overwhelmingly like a poorly designed Wynn. The one, and the only, redeeming quality is the rooms. Amazing design and functionality. However, the bland casino, the repeating shops (it is really necessary to have 2 Chanel and LV boutiques in the same resort complex?), and the terrible design & layout make this only a 3 star hotel for me. So stay at Encore for the rooms and go to the Wynn for everything else :)
5	With a fresh and "South Beach" like atmosphere, the Encore is quite frankly the nicest, hippest and most comfortable hotel room I've ever stayed in.  If you like contemporary design then you'll appreciate Encore's decor and ammenities.  If your tastes are more on the classic style side then you'll probably enjoy Palazzo or Bellagio more.I've stayed at almost every single 4 or 5 star hotel in Vegas and Encore shines above the rest.  I will be staying here exclusively from now on.
4	This hotel steps it up a notch on quality and comfort.  I attended the 2008 CES show and was exceptionally impressed with the Encore hotel. While I will say not everything is the greatest it is a great overall experience.  The Wynn was record breaking when it first opened and now the Encore is here with a smaller, but comfy feeling casino.  The gounds were impeccable and I thought to myself we are in the desert so every tree, shrub, bush, flower, etc was hand planted and there were countless ones of all different sizes. Also, the feature Wynn and Encore share is the smaller registration/check in areas that make you feel more comfortable and not lost in grand central station. Staff were courteous, helpful, always smiling and just great overall. My Hotel room - they are all suites and just beautiful.  The decor is simple contemporary and not overly modern. I love the layout.  You step in to the foyer and their is a large bathroom on the right - inside is a stall shower and normal size bathtub (which is the weakness), a separate toilet room with door, 2 marble sinks and counter with big mirror, marble floor. Once you go past the bathroom there were closets on the right and 3 large mirrors on the left.  Then you walk into the bedroom which is decent size with a luxurious, comfortable bed.  There is a open wall that divides the room from the stepped down living room complete with floor to ceiling windows.  The open wall had the large LCD TV that swiveled 360 so you can watch it in bed or on the the L shaped couch in the living room.  The living room also had a nice desk with all the amenities including a fully network digital phone that was simple to use. There is also the famous mini bar that is great for late night raiding. To top it all off, there were controls on the nightstand by the bed that controlled all the lights, sheer drapes, curtains, etc by the push of a button.  That was great!  I will be back to this place, no doubt!
3	Just spend the weekend at Encore and within 2 mins of arrival, the HORRIBLE service started. I got an email invite with a special rate directly from them as a Red Card Member. My reservation was booked at least 3 weeks in advance over their reservation line since that was the only way I can get the deal. The agent on the line asked me if I wanted 2 Queens and I replied with a "Yes." Problem 1: Check in time, reservations they have in system is for 1 King bed and for 1 person. Problem 2: they DID NOT have ANY rooms available. How is that possible when I made a reservation 3 weeks prior?!?! Problem 3: they were going to send me to Wynn for a King bed roomProblem 4: I will be paying the SAME rate as for Encore. (Deal was Encore $159/night & Wynn $139/night)My bro refused to be sent to Wynn and asked to speak with the manager. Manager replied "we can have house keeping to check if there are any free rooms." The first guy guys just told me they DID NOT have any rooms based on their system. 3 mins later manager said "Ok, we found a room with a King bed that we can put you in IMMEDIATELY." How did they suddenly "found" a free room when their system said they were completely booked?!?!Problem 5: Check out. System check out on the TV does not work. Problem 6: Called front desk to check out. They were going to charge me close to $1,000 for 2 night stay? Ok turns out girl was reading the wrong room which happens to have the same last name. And she sounded extremely confuse with what she was doing.I will stay away from Encore until they clean up their act. Their rooms however are very nice and comfortable. With the exception of their customer service, I would probably stay here again.
5	I usually stay at the Wynn (especially after finding out that Sheldon Adelson, owner of the Venetian / Sands, is a right-wing nutjob), but gave Encore a try this past weekend.Some kinks in the check-in process - they were very full because of CES and the adult film convention, but eventually got a resort room with two queen beds on the 18th with a decent Strip view.  Front desk lady told me that all rooms with two beds face the Strip.The room is beautiful, much nicer than the rooms at the Wynn, and not just because it's newer. There's a bit of an Asian motif with lacquered wood paneling on the walls, the beds are larger, the couch in the corner is a nice touch (not as comfortable as the ones in the Venetian suites), and the complimentary water bottles were much-appreciated.A little further from the Wynn than I would like, and the hallway around XS late on a weekend night is crowded. Other than that, no complaints - it's the luxury one would expect from the Wynn, but turned up a notch.
5	I was so impressed by the decor of this Hotel it gave me a big smile! I'm so tired of boring, drab decor and finally a Hotel does something out of the ordinary with their decoration. Hooray!! I loved it! The bright red wake-up chandeliers, the beauiful large bright red flower pieces on the walls, the butterflies in the marble, the trees inside....it's a hotel I think my friends would also love! (I went with my fiance...(he was happy that I liked it so much.)The food in the cafe was delicious and I did enjoy the decor there too. :)
4	My friends and I stayed there this past weekend... so I'll start with the bad because that's more fun... When we were making the reservation, we got a deal to get a suite with 2 queen beds. She verified with the person on the phone that we'd get 2 queen beds because on the website it says they only have suites with a king bed. My friend gets there, checks in and of course there aren't any rooms with 2 queen beds. The good thing is after complaining we got a roll away cot that was actually pretty comfortable. Being such a new hotel, I think the staff is slightly inexperienced. My friend had added my name to the room because I was arriving at a different time and at first the person at the front desk couldn't find my name on the reservation and after a minute or so was like oh I looked in the wrong place... uhhhh ok? Then when directing us to the elevator to get to our room, we got the wrong directions and ended up somewhere else... The location is only ok. It's all the way at the end of the strip so it's not as easy to get around but if the weather isn't bad, that's not too much of an issue.  It is close enough to TI, Wynn and Venetian that if you usually only stay around that area than it's no biggie.  Also it's right across from this large mall so there is plenty of shopping. Ok so the good... The room is really nice and up to what I expected. It was nice to have the drapes open and close right by the bedside. The bathroom is great and being a new hotel, you can tell the towels, sheets etc. are all crisp and clean. A big plus was that we had left our curling iron on in the room. We called the hotel and they helped us go into the room and turn it off.  I know it benefits them more than me because if their hotel burnt down after opening for 3 weeks would be a disaster but it was still nice of them to do it.  So overall the staff is very friendly and they try to be helpful.Checking out was also very easy.  As soon as we came down the elevators, they had 2 people waiting to check your name off and that was it. Check out down.  Fast and easy.  We didn't have to return any keys because they print your name on them which I thought was kind of cool.And other random comments... So this hotel is definitely geared towards an Asian clientele (and more specifically chinese) because the red from the hotel was overwhelming. Also floor 40-49 is missing. The casino seemed kind of empty for a vegas hotel. During the day, the bj tables were around $10 even though it was Sat. At night I think you could find tables for $15.
5	My gf and I have stayed at Bellagio and now Encore within 6 months. With that in mind, I think it's very fair to compare the two. Just got home last night from a 4 day/3night stay at Encore and I can't rave enough about this hotel. First off, YOU GOTTA LOVE RED  and Asian art if you are even going to step foot in Encore. It comes off as a high-end European hotel with MAJOR eastern influeneces. The casino is considerably smaller than Wynn and feels like it too, much more comfortable without the high empty ceilings and wide open spaces. The slots were pretty loose and tables were cheaper in the daytime (but that's stardard practice). The walk to and from Wynn was not that bad...it takes 5 minutes walking at a slow pace, unless you're walking through when XS is open. Then it takes a few more seconds to make your way through the masses. On to the rooms, loved the room it self far better than a Tower Deluxe King, but the view from Bellagio (and the bathtub) was better. That's the only thing, though. As we entertained a couple of friends who live in Vegas, it was great to have the seperate sitting room.  The bed was amazingly soft and the Egyptian linens were very nice, almost as nice as the slippers and chocolate from turndown service. I have to agree with the comments about this place being romantic, but it does help when you're there during AVN/AEE weekend (oh and that other show in town, CES). Checkout was a little weird, the express checkout still doesn't work yet, also the recent cold spell before X-mas knocked out the heating coils in the pool (who wants to swim in January though), but those were the only times that I witnessed any flaw in how the the hotel operates, one of which was completely out of their control. The staff were incredible, always making sure that we have everything you need and that you are enjoying yourself. OK, so to compare Bellagio and Encore: I loved Bellagio, for it is a great resort in a great location in Vegas. Encore though is taking the best of the Pacific Rim and put it into the Ritz-Carlton. Would I recommend this resort/hotel...absolutely with the utmost of enthusiasm.
3	The Hotel in itself is beautiful.I love the red chandlers. It has a very new age burlesque feel to it.  The rooms were nice with an awesome view, but not that much different from the Wynn. The major difference was the use of textures. Everywhere!I loved the imitation crocodile on the walls of the elevators. I met one friendly bartender at the East side bar, I forgot her name. And there was a blonde cocktail waitress at the restaurant/lounge by the elevators, I think her name was Shantal or something close to that. Those girls were awesome! So helpful, fun to talk to and really earned their tips. That is where the good review stops. The Sushi restaurant inside was good, but not worth the wait. It took over an hour for sushi! And it was not even that busy. The water glasses are tiny and you have to keep asking for more water! Hello its Vegas, pretty much everyone is hung over and needs water!The service as a whole in the casino was slow. House keeping had not even made it to our room by 6 pm! Maybe after being open for a few more months the staff will get the hang of things, but for now I would just stay at the Wynn and walk to Encore!
5	I have been to over 10+ Vegas hotels and this one by far is the best.  All workers(dealers, front desk clerk, bell boy) are all refreshed and very nice.  Everything is new and very open.  I don't remember it being smokey at all either.Price is not so friendly (room service for two came out to $100) and simple nuts in the room can cost ~$8, etc.Hotel Rooms - I feel the space at Venetian was better, but every part of the room will get you staring.  The bed sheets, the lamp, the wall is different everywhere, tv is actual brand name (sharp), the naked painting in the bathroom, etc.  It's a very very nice room.Casino - surprisingly the limits here are the same as Harrahs (mostly $10-$25 limit).  The drinks they serve here are the best in the whole strip so make sure you order yourself a drink here.  I even ordered water and they gave me a Fiji bottle.Service - The front desk through us at the top floor with a room upgrade (panoramic view).  So make sure you chat it up with the front desk and just ask for it :)  This is the first place where I had baggage claim flag a taxi and placed the bags in the taxi for us.  The first place where I felt a tip was actually deserved.Any Negative Points?  - If anything, I felt the casino was a bit small so you should walk on over to the Wynn if everything is full.
1	The hotel and rooms are beautiful but that simply does not excuse the worst service ever!We checked in at 3pm and didn't get our 3 rooms until 6pm. We made our reservation a month ago, asked for non smoking and 2 beds. We got smoking and 1 bed. To make it better, the registration desk girl was the biggest bitch ever. She said "a request is just a request," we never promised anything. No apology, just attitude!! At 7pm the other half of our party checked in (couples) and they got 2 beds each. They were told that is all that is available.WORST service ever!!!!
3	I attended the opening ceremony and opening night of Encore.The crowd waiting to enter encore at 8 PM for the grand unveiling was in a festive mood.The crowd was festive even though the line to get in snaked through the entire Wynn.The mood began to dimish as 8:15, 8:30, 8:45, 9PM started to roll around and the line had moved a grand total of 45 feet.The employees of the Wynn spent the entire day promoting the 8PM start and invitation to experience the new hotel an casino.Then they treated it like entrance to Tryst. Opening the line a few "guests" at a time so as to not impeded on the "total experience" of the Encore for all the others.Please - - - it is another huge addition to the Vegas strip and there was nothing magical to it..........The hotel is pleasing, the casino is very similar (obviously) to the Wynn-although there is a touch more red in the decor and the experience should be wonderful once the staff is on the par with the Wynn.I do not think, as a whole,  there is an entire staff that can match the quality of the people that work in the Wynn.Encore will get there .........  the place looks great.Soon the quality of the staff will catch up as well.By the way ...... The casino was very enjoyable about 2 AM on opening night ( or morning).
5	Steve Wynn has done it again. As the latest addition to the Wynn family of luxury resorts, Encore is superb. The all suite hotel delivers unparalleled service and amenities that any true connoisseur would be proud of. My first experience with Encore began with a Rolls Royce ride from the airport.his ride was not only a metaphor for the grandeur I was about to experience, but was also the perfect way to keep me in the ample luxury that I am used to.Upon entering Encore you are quickly inundated with beautifully colored mosaic butterflies along every pathway and the liberal use of rouge in the carpet and exquisite chandeliers. Natural sunlight brings warmth and energy to the gaming floor, while flowers and plants leave wafts of their wonderful aromas dangling in the air. Every detail, from wallpaper to door handles has been carefully scrutinized for perfection by interior designer Roger Thomas and it shows. The intimate feel of Encore lends cache to every activity that you can do.Unlike other places in Las Vegas, Encore is not overburdened with tourists and the common gentry.The suites at Encore only further enhance the wonderful experience. With automatic drapes, glass enclosed showers, and flat panel televisions, it is hard to leave your room for anything else! The view from my room looked out upon the Las Vegas strip and all its glitz and glamour. As I write this entry I can only wish that I was back in my suite, getting ready for some gambling. Better yet, I wish I was at the spa.Located on the second floor of Encore, the spa features 37 treatment rooms, 14 naturally-lit garden rooms and four oversized couples' suites for massage, body treatments and facials. Then there are two movement studios offering spinning, yoga, pilates, conditioning and meditation classes as part of the new Fitness Center. With such a vast array of services in a tranquil atmosphere the spa will definitely make you forget your bad luck at the blackjack table.Encore is definitely the place to stay in Las Vegas if only the finest will do! Keep checking back, as I will go into more details of the fine and not so fine restaurants and nightclubs at Encore. Now if only I can only come up with reason to ask Steve to let me come back again.
4	Should there be a finer experience in Vegas, in terms of true luxury that, at the minute (since the table's have turned and Vegas is the one loosing it's a**), is affordable to us masses, I don't know of it. Yes, there are a myriad of fancy suites available to those who will pay or who gamble enormous sums, but for most, a standard "deluxe" room - though they're usually quite nice- is the way we roll. For now, at least, the Encore is offering such excellent rates (we got the weekend of a huge conference for $139/nt) that it's beyond anything else I've experienced. The hotel itself is richly decorated in reds, black, golds. Everything is sumptuous yet, somehow, classy. It's airy, much more so than the Wynn or Bellagio, and has stunning, though understated, grounds. The casino isn't large, but I didn't have trouble finding penny machines, $10 blackjack tables, and even a few other lower-priced games. The rooms, which are all suites, were more luxe than the Wynn with large comfortable beds, modern decor, a second room, two flat-screen televisions, an actually comfortable and classic couch and daybed as well as the remote control curtains that are key for overcoming a Vegas morning after. The bathrooms are large and well-appointed, with soft, large robes, marble countertops and floors and a large, welll kept bathtub. The whole operation is run by extremely helpful and friendly, though not saccharine, employees. Drink service is excellent too. The only thing that keeps me from rating this 5 starts is the distance from everything else. Now, I realize that it's not something that can be improved, but potential guests should be aware that it's quite a bit further than even the Wynn, and it's a good 20, 25 minutes at least to old TI.
4	nice nice nice, especially for the cheap price we paid. our room was huge! and yes, everyone has talked about the red... it's true. but cmon, what do you expect in vegas, some classy decor? oh, and guess what: they have flat screen tv's with actual hd service!! woo hdmi cables! a few little things to mention/complain about: the light went out in our closet. they never gave us more tissues after we ran out. and the biggest complaint: no fan in the bathroom to do your bidness!
5	Being that I'm from SoCal, I've had my share of visits to the sin city.  This time around I had actually booked at the Wynn two weeks prior to my stay.  When we arrived on 1/16, we were "upgraded" to the Encore free of charge. Bottom line, the service was great, the buffet was terrific, XS was amazing and the room was perfect!   Hands down, best Las Vegas experience ever!!!
5	very nice casino, new place to be seen. we arrived on 1/22/09 to gamble away after a day's worth of conference stuff only to learn that the table we were at had just opened (grand opening)! its reassuring to know that I'm probably the first sucker to lose money at table 5421! it only took three double gin and tonics to wipe me out. anyways, drink servers are awesome and they certainly keep up! overall the casino is very nicely done, everything has been meticulously taken care of. Now if I can only figure out how to walk out with money instead of making deposits...
5	A weeks ago, my flight into Vegas was delayed for over 3 hours. By the time I got to the Wynn, the room type that I had booked was sold out. Erin from the front desk sent me over to a nice room at the Encore, a connected and adjacent property. It was a great little suite. The linens and the furniture were all top notch. All of my colleagues who had gotten rooms at the Wynn were impressed with the room at the Encore. Thanks Erin.The overall level of service was high. The staff, from the front desk receptionist, to the servers, to the bartenders (Heather at the Parasol Bar), were all friendly and helpful. I was just killing some time playing low stakes roulette and ordered a White Russian. The drink came back in minutes and it was no different than the drink I ordered at the Parasol Bar the night before. http://www.bluewaikiki.com/bw_lasvegas.html
5	Red Chandeliers!  A Sinatra restaurant!  A Botero restuarant!  Botero is that Columbian artist who does full bodied, voluptuous statues like this:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BoteroIt's much more like what real people, especially modern people, look like, than say Michelangelo's David - which of course is showcased at Caesars.    And the Wynn/Encore is much more what modern people prefer than Caesars these days, which I suppose is the broader message.
4	An example on how crazy Steve Wynn is: money was spent on special windows on the casino floor so that you can see the pool outside at night without the lights in the casino reflecting on the glass. We went there during the day and it looked like there wasn't glass there at all. I dunno if it was the special windows or the janitors doing an excellent job.You'll pass Encore's shopping area if walking from the Wynn. You'll pass the usual high end shops plus XS nightclub. The first thing you'll notice is that the casino is much more brighter than the Wynn with the white drapes and the natural sunlight coming in. I was very suprised the table minimum for roulette here was $10; I was expecting $15 so I decided to play a little bit and ordered a cranberry/vodka. It was the best casino cocktail ever.They had to have used Goose because it was so smooth. It was so good, Clarisse C. and I convinced our friends to chill at the penny slots and get some drinks. Don't go to the bar with the video poker because you won't get comped drinks there. Be patient and try not to lose all your money at the slots trying to get free drinks hahaI will stay here one day.
5	5 stars... by far the best hotel for modern-sophisticated people. This venue is very sexy and chic. I love it. Service is fantastic and the shopping is the best. Check out XS for a great night at a club... you ll have a blast !!!
4	HOTEL:Saturday, 8:00 am.  Was our room ready?  Yes, it was!!Was this indicative of our Encore experience?  Yes, it was!!Encore sets the bar.  And sets it damn high.Spotlessly clean, large, beautifully decorated room.  Bed and linens off the charts comfortable. ihome alarm clock. Bedside controls for EVERYTHING.  Electronic privacy sign/maid service.  And speaking of maid service, 3 times a day.  Yes, you read that correctly.  Including the lovely night time service of a little mat with his-n-hers slippers on each side of the bed.  The correct side, I might add. ( ? )Floor to ceiling windows, large, well-appointed bathroom.  Complimentary LV Review- Journal and NY Times.  Complimentary bottled water, replenished 3 times daily. Included in the mini-bar items, an 'Intimacy Kit'.  Tempted to open it just to see what it was all about, but I wasn't $30 worth of curious.  Guess I can imagine.  *TIP*  Ask for an even numbered high room for a strip view.  What you don't see is every bit as important as what you do see: no promoters, no strollers, no huge groups carrying armloads of bags from the local Walgreens and cases of cheap beer on their way upstairs to potentially destroy the beautiful rooms and disturb their neighbors.  No taxi line, they are kept in a tunnel and I'm told Encore is the only property to have bathrooms and tvs for the comfort of the waiting cab drivers.  Nice.CASINO:This is unfortunately where Encore loses a Liz-Star (TM).  There's a good progressive .25 VP going here, but only 24 machines.  24, Steve?  No .50 VP, period. A paltry 8 $1 VP machines, which is what Big Jeff plays. So, it's impossible to find a seat at the 32 machines unless it's 4am.  Well, at 4am I'm ok with that, but what about 4pm?  So there's a beautiful bar in the casino with Multi-Denomination VP.  Ok, let's do that.  Except drinks are not comped at the bar.  Not only are drinks not comped at the bar, a cup of coffee is $4.50.  Surely I jest?  Not at all.  See Lizzie and BJ, leaving.  This I consider to be a big hole in strategy.  If there weren't a lot of VP players, seats would have been available. As far as the bar goes, if I'm playing VP at $1.25 per hand, and my husband is playing at $5 per hand, roughly 400 hands per hour each, I do believe our coffee should be comped.  8 feet away at a penny slot it would have been.  BTW, the bar was empty. Wonder why. Nonetheless, the customer service at Encore is truly astounding. There is a great lobby bar at the base of the guest elevators that does a terrific coffee service in the morning, either sit-down or to-go.Every inch of this property is beautiful.  BEAUTIFUL. In my opinion, Encore lacks nothing except decent video poker.  Easy fix.
5	I have died and gone to sophisticated interior design heaven. This hotel is absolutely gorgeous. Steve Wynn has impeccable taste. I'm officially gonna go home and make a vision board of my dream house that looks exactly like Encore. I am in love and in awe. Steve, you are the man and you smell like Money. I could sniff you all day.
4	If there was a 3.5 rating I would give it that - because while I'm a fan I was disappointed - but I'd stay there again, if Wynn was full. Got it? Unlike many, my check-in experience was flawless and my reservation was in order. I was there for 4 nights so plenty of time to take it all in. I thought the room was OK, small compared to rooms at Wynn and they seems like they were missing a few things -a DVD player for one. Bed was very comfortable and the room was well appointed but it was just OK. The casino while smaller than Wynn was nice but only 4 craps tables? It was funny to see a guy playing the $500 table by himself at 0700 - go figure -coffee please! The $10 table looked like the New Frontier was still up across the street. I thought the decor was fine, there were other colors besides red there , really, and well, it all looks good, now the butterflies that's another story, LOL. Plenty of place to imbibe, Eastside was nice, should be fun when it heats up and the pool is open. XS, that says it all. Good but limited restaurant choices -Botero (more later), -Sinatra (ditto), but they rock. The other cool part is that Encore & Wynn are connected together so you can gamble and drink and have fun all over the "Resort" and not have to go anywhere, like the place across the street that starts with a V. OK, OK a 4, maybe a 5 someday, but Wynn still is the Deal.
5	"Can I get an ENCORE, do you want more." - Jay-ZJust came back from one AMAZING birthday trip in Las Vegas.  I was offered a free stay at Encore for a few days and could not pass this offer up.  Encore is very impressive and compliments the Wynn perfectly.Rooms: Each room is a suite and I stayed in one of the mini-suites with a spectacular view of the Wynn and the Vegas strip.  The living room area is complete with a desk and sectional couch and ottoman.  The plasma is mounted on a base that swivels so you can watch TV in either the living room area or while laying in bed.  The windows are one of the room highlights stemming from the floor to the ceiling giving a massive view of Vegas (the higher the better I always say).  The curtains and shade are controlled remotely with 1-touch buttons next to the bed.The bedroom is fantastic!  Complete with a super comfortable bed (I had a King size) and quality sheets, iPod radio dock, plasma TV, and a wall that is a giant mirror.  There is also a dresser and plenty of room for clothes.  The decor is modern and playful.  The closet is a nice size.  Rooms have a stocked mini-bar and extras...the extras are really tempting as they are all top notch items including the Fiji water. The bathroom is expected with 2 sinks, large mirror, tv monitor, bathtub (just a good size), and a large glass shower with option to use a handheld shower wand.  The toilet is also private with it's own door and telephone.  I'm big on using nice toilet paper and the Encore proves not to skimp on the small stuff.  The toiletries are the same as the Wynn and complete with Shampoo, Conditioner, Bodywash, shoe polish, mitt, cotton swabs, and more.  The towels are nice and large and also soft and there is a nice stock of them provided.  Complimentary bathrobes are included to use for your stay and with turn down service...slippers and a chocolate are left for you and your partner (if you have one.)Restaurants: Ate at Sinatra and it was fantastic.  See separate YELP review.Service: Encore literally provides service with a smile as each employee greeted me in the hallways with a smile.  I also used the phone to call front desk and to make dinner reservations and the staff was attentive and very helpful.A big plus is that not only is the hotel gorgeous, but also the waitress staff.  Each seemed to be hand selected from a modeling agency. Amenities: I was able to check out the pool area and can not wait to come back in the summer.  It was a bit too cold still to take a dip, but the scenery was just beautiful.  The pool area is surrounded by a garden and each pool area was plush with nice seating (not the cheap stuff found at other hotels) and complimentary water and towels are provided.  Similar to the Wynn is the classy and chic feeling when at the pool, not like being at Rehab  at the Hard Rock or Mandalay Bay's pool area.  There is a gaming area as well and a European (21+) area that completes the poolside experience.Gaming is also great at Encore as I was able to find the tables and slots that I normally play when at the Wynn with ease.  It sometimes was actually easier to get a seat in Encore.  I especially liked the blackjack tables because they had a nice wooden section in front where you could easily set  your chips on and your drink without the risk of catching the dirt that felt often accumulates underneath your fingernails when playing with the chips.  The games I found to be average price of most casinos.  While gaming I was able to order a variety of cocktails, beers, and even a hot chocolate at 4am that hit the spot nicely...and I highly recommend if you're trying to sober up.Red Card is a great feature.  As my room card doubled as my player's card and works for both the Wynn and Encore.Shopping is as expected amazing and similar to the Wynn with an Esplanade connecting the Encore to the Wynn.  I found that there were a few shops that if I had more cash to burn I would have loved to check out including Rock & Republic, Hermes, and Ensemble. I wasn't able to check out the fitness area or spa on this trip.Entertainment: I was able to check out both the nightclub XS and the show Le Reve (again.).XS was a little slow, but then again it was a Sunday night.  That still didn't stop good music from being played with a mix of the top hits.  The club itself is beautiful.  The dance floor opens to the outdoors and you can see the pool area.  Shapes of the female body were in gold behind the bars.  The drinks were pricey, but what do you expect from Vegas.  I must admit the club is a little smaller than I would have imagined and the go-go dancers weren't that great dancers.  Le Reve for the 2nd time was just as good as the first.  A great show with a mini-story.  The acrobatics and stunts are just crazy.  The music and lights fit perfectly with the entire show.  The cast of characters leave you feeling like you just woke-up from an extraordinary dream.I'll be back!
1	Complete chaos on a busy weekend. Bad customer relations. Beware!We checked in on a Saturday during the week of CES/AVN. The reservation was for 2 Queen beds but by the time we got there, which was only 12pm, they did not have any available. So we were stuck with a King + Rollaway. The check in process here is noticeably longer than other hotels I've stayed at (Caesars, Bellagio, Palazzo, etc.). They also charged a temporary incidental fee of $150 to my credit card - I've never had to do this at ANY other Vegas hotel.Went out until 3am and got back to our room but there was no rollaway in sight. We called housekeeping but our request was not in their system so they needed to verify with the front desk first... this took 30 minutes. Then they called us back and said we were eligible for a rollaway... but it took them another 30 minutes to deliver it.Upon checkout the next morning we expressed our unpleasant experience to the concierge AND the hotel manager (Kyle Thomas), but all they said was "we are extremely sorry, it won't happen again".... Of course it won't happen again, because I'm never coming back!...I even wrote an email and also sent a feedback form to corporate, but all that resulted in was an apology letter saying the same exact thing. That's three strikes.I might have given them a better rating if they offered some type of comp (buffet vouchers, discount on next stay)... but they didn't so there goes my 1 star rating.One other thing...the air is very dry and smokey. I woke up with a bloody nose! eek~
3	It's the shiny new hotel in Las Vegas, but after spending 1 night there a few weeks after they opened I have to say it's just like any other hotel, nothing special.  The rooms were clean and I liked the layout but nothing that isn't anything that I wouldn't see at any other Vegas hotels.  The best part was that after only a few weeks of being open, the casino doesn't smell like smoke yet.  Room Service was very quick but the food was not impressive.  The staff was nice.
5	Fantastic! The Encore is a great addition to the lovely Wynn hotel. The Encore is connected through a hallway of restaurants and boutiques. Personally I preferred the Encore over the Wynn; it gives you a more intimate personal experience with a less crowded lobby area. The decor was super fun and totally Vegas! Also a bonus was each room accommodation is a suite complete with an exceptional view of either the strip or the golf course.   The pool was a little on the small size but still nice. This is by far the best hotel in Vegas period, I will definitely be coming back in the near future. Thanks Steve!
3	Very nice hotel. Pretty much top notch everything and not too expensive either. The customer service was pretty bad which is why I am knocking them 2 stars. More later
5	Absolute perfection!! This is what people dream about when they think of Vegas, spectacular decorations, lavish furnishings, beautiful artwork.  Steve Wynn has created a masterpiece to complement his other wonderful casino.  You can play card games or video slots anywhere (Wheel of fortune is my favorite).  Why not play in the most stunning and classy casino in Vegas?  The restaurants cover the range of 5 star dining to excellent casual cafes, like Zooza Crackers (i think that's the name, but it's all really a blur at this point).  The best part is that the staff, from the dealers, to customer service, waitstaff, managers, they all make you feel like you are the most important client they have, whether you are dropping $500 a hand, or just sitting at the nickel slots.  That's what we all dream about right? Living the good life at a beautiful casino, feeling like a big-shot, perhaps even hitting the jackpot!
5	Beautiful Hotel Stunning visual delights for your senses..Very quick early check-in lovely room with an awe inspiring view..Customer service was top notch  So when you leave your money behind in Vegas at least you have gotten a nice experience to make up for your losses.Just walking through the Encore is a happy feeling,friendly staff ,colorful surroundings, fantasy peacocks and dragons,garden of blooming flowers.
4	Stayed 2 nights last week.  It is a slow check in, not sure why.  Booked a panoramic view room wasn't available at check in.  By the time she found something else, one came up.  The smoke isn't as bad as some casinos. Maybe because it is still new.  Panoramic view 59th floor was fabulous.  View of the snow topped mountains, the strip and Wynn's golf course.  Very quiet room.  Room was large enough. Reduced by one star because no comped drinks at the lounge playing video poker for several hours.  Went to the Venetian and got every drink comped at the lounge.  Inquired at check out and compared to Venetian.  Got the yeah, that's the way it is.  Even though the bar tender told us they should review how much we gambled using that electronic card.  Anyway Venetian smells like flowers in Hawaii, not smoke.  Will probably stay there next time.
5	Top notch customer service and well appointed rooms.  It took some figuring out how to close the drapes and use the lights but I got it done.  Bed was super cozy and loved the decor throughout.  The casino was nowhere half as lively as the Wynn.  I didn't have any issues checking in although they could be a bit more organized with the lines.  I'd stay here again.
5	It's rare that you walk into a hotel and it meets all your expectations. The Encore did just that for me and my friends over my birthday weekend (Feb. 12th -16th). From the time you walk through the door you feel some thing special about the hotel. The customer service was fantastic, no matter what we needed some on could provide it. The casino is smaller which allows you to take your time and learn whatever game you want or stay all day. The restaurants are fabulous check out the Frosted Flake French toast and the Society Cafe.The decor is ultra modern. Our suite was on the 61st floor. The views of Las Vegas and the out sky line was amazing. We set the remote control for the curtains and shears to open with the sun rise each morning which help to make each morning some spectacular. The customer service went one step further when we called suspecting that we lost a camera charger and the woman on the phone was able to locate it and send it to me right away. The shops in the hotel matched the upscale models I am use to on Fifth Avenue here in New York. Maybe we were too far up but I heard no one in any of the rooms. In fact it was great to push a button and let the cleaning staff know that we did not want to be disturbed. A soft door bell made for an easy and non intrusive way to visit friends in other rooms. Standard HDTV on a swivel made TV watching easy in both sides of our suite. The Ihome for our Ipods helped to create what ever atmosphere we wanted. I could go on and on but to truly understand you have to visit this hotel. I would definitely stay there the next few times we stay in Vegas.
5	Had to say that I just loved this place.  I thought the rooms were beautiful, spacious and elegant.   Since the casino is new it doesn't have that yucky perfume smell that a lot of the other casinos have and the size of the casino makes it feel more intimate.HIGHLY recommended!
5	Was lucky enough to be comped...Great check in service, a friendly friendly lady helped me and yes we both joked around. The process felt good, the hotel looked good.A bit too friendly ? Perhaps, the porter who opend my taxi door, and grabbed my luggage. He passed it off to the bell man, and almost insisted that he would bring up my luggage. It was awesome!The room itself is fantastic, I love the dark colors and the reds. The room integration is awesome, with the bed side switch panel that controls your privacy notice outside ( no more door hangers ), lights, drapes and more!!The TV swivels 360 degrees depending which side of the room your occupying. The shower is awesome, and the tub is fantastic. I really have no complaints, except for the fact I could only spend 2 nights.
4	what a lovely hotel. i felt very classy staying here but at the same time a bit out of place. the hotel rooms were very nice. we had 3 rooms with 2 queen beds each. very spacious with a very nice view of the strip. the walls however are very thin. i'm surprised we didn't get in trouble by being so loud.  everything is electronic from the room lighting to opening and closing the drapes. there is even a doorbell!they lose a star because they didn't have the rooms that we originally requested upon check-in. we wanted to have the rooms with queen beds but initially were given a room with a king-sized bed and an extra cot. otherwise it was a fantastic weekend.
4	OMG, this place is beautiful. Everything about it was extravagant, excessive, and absolutely gorgeous. The staff was very helpful, the rooms were plush, roomy, and comfortable, and the pool was just perfect.I think I am docking one star because it is a bit gaudy. And the butterflies are fucking annoying. And I still think that Mirage is the best hotel in Vegas due to nostalgia only though.Other than that, Steve Wynn is a resort genius. And who can forget the personalized room keys and the electronically controlled room? Pretty cool.
5	LOVE...LOVE...LOVE!!! this is my 2nd time in Vegas and I must say that I booked this hotel cuz of all the great pictures on yelp and trip advisor reviews. n it did not disappoint me at all! the moment we got off from taxi to the check in...everyone was soo friendly n helpful. The room was huge! the most comfiest bed ever! with ipod stereo and automatic drapes, lights, and they even have different lights for different parts of the room! ohh n they even have night lights in the bathroom! man...that room was off the hook! the sofa was big enough to fit 2 ppl there...the bathroom is amazing! dual sinks, bathtub, shower with a place to sit just like in the spa...bathrobe, slippers, hair dryer, qtips, lots of towels, a floor towel just for getting off the shower, toilet and last but not least a flat screen TV!!! OMG! can this get any better?!??!? I can get ready while watching TV! brilliant idea! ohhh there's 3 full size mirrors right when u walk in the room...n mirrors all around the sofa...man! we ladies can never have enough mirrors if u know what I mean...hahhhahhaa..it was perfection =) So remember the days of hotels with "don't disturb" paper sign?? well there's no such thing in Encore hotel! there's Privacy n Makeup room button at ur disposal n there's a doorbell! now seriously u have to stay in this hotel to experience this..words could only say so much to imagine it in ur brain but take the action of staying here and u will never look at any other hotel the same way ever again....
5	It's beautiful. I love the design & the black themed rooms is so much hotter than the pink in the Wynn. I love this hotel, I love the service, and I love the club. The restaurants could use a little work, but oh well, you can't have it all. I did enjoy the casino - although like the Wynn, it was a little quiet - it's bizarre to walk through, and you don't hear a single person cheering (sad life). The club = awesome. Be sure to get yourself on the list, hands down best benefit of staying @ Encore.
5	I want these rooms for my next home. The black lining on the edges is something I saw a while back in Domino magazine. I spent most of my time gambling here, i felt it was the most spacious and therefore enjoyable. I dont like crowded smoke places.We had dinner at Sinatra and that place needs work.
5	Words cannot describe.  I'd love to give it a 10 star.  Awesome hotel.  Great experience.  B-E-A-utiful!  As with all casinos smoke in the casino is an issue but less so here than the Wynn , and less so in the Wynn than other casinos.  The restaurants are excellent, however, a restaurant of the caliber of SWITCH would best be enclosed off of the casino such as with SW - away from the smoke.  Interestingly, SWITCH does have walls that descend in the evenings to enclose most of the restaurant and then the decor changes every 30 minutes or so mechanically.  Every time we venture out to another restaurant in Vegas for a meal we largely regret it and find ourselves back at the Wynn/Encore the next night and lovin' it.  The Staff is always very friendly.  Mr. Wynn has outdone himself.  Thanks for a GREAT experience!!
4	Casino has a slight southern feel to it with lots of butterfly themes, it seems smaller and more compartmentalized then most casino floors. Its really nice with the plants in the entry way and views of the pool from the casino.didn't live up to Steve Wynn's hype though, but still very nice.
5	Steve really has an eye for detail. Great service, beautiful room, and great price.
5	I got an offer of 3 nights free here (I swear, I am not a big gambler!  Don't know why the Wynn keeps sending me free nights but I so love it).  This is exactly as the name implies, it is just like the Wynn.  Beautiful, luxurious, everything first class all the way.  However, if paying to stay I would pick the Wynn over Encore.  The gambling was better at the Wynn and there is just something magical about the Wynn.  The rooms at Encore were gorgeous, we had a suite and everything from the faucets, tub, the button you push next to the bed to open and close the drapes, the tv, everything is top quality.  I love the extra touches such as slippers by your bed at night, ice bucket filled for you at night, chocolates on the pillow.  My husband so rarely does that (hint hint honey).  Having stayed at probably ten hotels on the strip and now the Wynn and Encore I simply cannot go back to any other hotel and enjoy it as much.
5	Are you ready?If you ain't got no money take your broke self homeIf you ain't got no money take your broke self homeG-L-A-M-O-R-O-U-S, yeahG-L-A-M-O-R-O-U-SWe flyin' first class up in the skyWe flyin' first class, livin' the lifeIn the fast lane and I won't changeBy the glamorous, ooh, the flossy, flossyThe glamorous, the glamorous, glamorousBy the glamorous, ooh, the flossy, flossyThe glamorous, the glamorous, glamorousBy the glamorous, ooh the flossy, flossyYep!  Would stay again!!  It was helllla nice there!
1	Horrible. Here's the letter (the 5000 characters that would fit) I sent to Brian Gullbrants, the ex operations head of The Ritz who now works for Steve Wynn at Encore. Needless to say I have not received a response in well over a week - not a good sign for a company who should pride themselves in superior customer service...Brian,I had booked two rooms online. I intended on having my 3 guests split into two guests per room. I assumed a double bed would not be an issue, but just to make sure I telephoned your hotel the day after my internet reservation. I asked for two double beds, a high floor and connecting, non-smoking rooms. After confirming this with my colleagues, they asked if I would change the reservation to "smoking" rooms. So, the next day I telephoned and made the change. But upon arrival I waited in a "check-in" line for 25 minutes (with bags) only to find that none of my requests had been entered into your system. Too boot, none of my requests were available. My guests would have to sleep on roll-away beds. Good Lord! 45 minutes later I was able to secure 2 rooms (non-connecting) with double beds. The only catch, I would have to wait for an hour in order for the second room to open up.Okay, now all four of us are up in the first room. Let me put a few sodas I brought into the fridge. Nope. Not allowed. Fridge full. Don't touch items or you may be charged! Are you kidding me? Your mark-up is so high on these items you actually care if a few go missing? And you're willing to inconvenience your customers to do so? Sure I could call housekeeping and order a refrigerator for $25 a day (!), but since your room rate is up in the 10th percentile for Vegas these days I would think that wouldn't be necessary.I guess I could just use ice, but there are no ice buckets. Another phone call to housekeeping. Knock knock... ice buckets delivered WITHOUT ICE. Who does this? This is so bad in the eyes of "customer service" that I couldn't make this up if I tried. After the walk to get ice I received a call from the desk staff. My second room was ready; would I like to come down 61 floors to pick up my key? No, please deliver it to me for the hassles you are putting me through thank you very much. Did I have to ask?I'll try to keep the rest of the trip short but here are the highlights:* $27 burger delivered to room. Was asked if I wanted the "included" veggies. Yes, why not, I'm paying out the nose for them? Oh, I see, the veggies you brought were old and you thought maybe if I didn't really want them you could save yourself a trip down to the kitchen. Lovely.* Cotton swabs had a dead bug in the packaging. Threw them out (after I took a picture; please let me know if you want it). Unfortunately, the swabs were never replaced. Glad I brought my own. I can only imagine the hassle to call for extras (and what you might charge).* Time for breakfast. Order in? Sure, I'm on vacation. $75 for the two of us. American breakfast I think you call it. A bit skimpy on the juice if you ask me - especially for the price. We almost thought you had forgotten one carafe... until I ordered breakfast the next day and received an even smaller carafe of juice. Do you carefully measure them out in teaspoons? Seriously, for the money I'm spending (and I don't have a problem spending money - or bringing in my gambling friends) I'm sure feeling nickel and dimed. I almost forgot... would I like a newspaper with my last breakfast? Why sure I would, thanks. I'm sure you can guess... it was never delivered.* Okay, time to check my email. Nope, that's not free either. In fact, nothing extra was free at the Encore. I didn't get a chance to go to the gym, but my guess is there would be a charge.* Back to the snacks and snack sensors. Your sign says 60 seconds may elapse before being charged, but the staff member that came by each morning to check the stock (!) laughed when he told me in only 15 seconds I might be charged. Had I known I would have asked they be removed from the room. Sure enough, I was charged for two snacks I never consumed (or moved).Brian, I could go on and on, but to be honest I lost track of all the issues I had with your hotel. I'm not looking for a free stay, hell; you couldn't pay me to stay at Encore again. What I do want to know is how the former Vice President of Operation for the Ritz-Carlton, a man quoted saying:* "Consumers' expectations of luxury are changing. It's not about going to the white tablecloth restaurant with the waiter in the tuxedo and the white glove. More often now we see customers that want to relax and enjoy luxury on their terms, not the industry's terms."-and-* "It's really giving the customer what they want, how they want it, before they even know they want it."can allow this to occur. Please explain to me how the Encore embodied anything resembling what you purvey during my stay?Thank you,Mateo M.
5	I've stayed at numerous places in Vegas and by far hands down I adore The Encore.  The staff is extremely accommodating.  I was able to check in early at 9am without any problems.  The room itself was not shy of glamorous!  The view was beautiful, we had a flat screen that swiveled from the bedroom to the lounge area.  Mirrors were plentiful for girls who loved to do makeup together.  I'm big on lighting and it was done to perfection.  I couldn't have asked to stay at more luxurious place at such a great price.  I will definitely be back just to stay there.
5	Please see my other review, this is just some things I forgot on the other reviewQuick adds: to check in there are several lines so don't get stuck on the first long line that everyone is on. 2- be careful at the mini bar, you will be charged if the items is not placed back right away and the same way it came out3- to check out you can have them email you a summary of room so you don't have to wait in line to check out. 4- bath water runs blue so don't be afraid5- bring slippers, the marble gets slippery when wet6- room has Ihome so you can bring your Ipodcheck out the video of the room on my you tube pagehttp://www.youtube.com/triplefunlimited
5	Very beautiful hotel! Had a great experience here. Very helpful and useful workers. Very efficient and quick...no problems but I'm sure if I had any they would fix it for me right away. I would definitely chose to stay at the Encore for my future visits. I had a blast! Definitely worth 5 stars! Beautiful huge bathroom and comfy living area with a couch that I knocked out on for the entire night probably because I was drunk off my butt but it was super duper comfortable tho! Hell yeah I'll come back!
4	I stayed @ the Wynn in December when Encore first opened, therefore I took a look that visit. My recent visit, I gambled a bit @ Encore and was surprisingly successful.  Parking is fairly easy @ this casino.  You don't have to walk a mile to the parking lot like that horrible casino the Riviera...   Parking is also convenient @ Wynn.Encore doesn't have a sports book which isn't a good thing...I put a hundred into a video poker machine and ordered a coffee.   It wasn't comped, I had to pay $4 which is Neiman Marcus prices.  This was the first time I played video poker @ a casino bar which didn't provide me with a free drink.  That's bullshit!  Well, @ least I got 4 aces and doubled my money...Beautiful casino and I will stay there someday soon...
5	What a hotel!  It will be difficult to stay anywhere else after being spoiled at Encore!  It is even more elegant than Wynn and isn't as gaudy as Bellagio or The Venetian.  From check in to check out, we had a flawless experience.  Check in only took 10 minutes and we were fortunate enough to get  a 'complimentary upgrade' to the end of the 55th floor with a panoramic view of the strip.  Our room was tasteful, gorgeous, and being so new, in top form.  The bathroom is huge and stocked with everything you need and complete with all of the details that go into a perfect bathroom: deep tub, Speakman shower head, lighted magnifying mirror on stand, sit down vanity, separate w/c, dual sinks, and convenient tv.  Bed was outfitted in nice linens and was ever so comfy!  42"HD flat screen tv on a swivel base was great for viewing either in bed or while on the sofa and the desk was equipped with plenty of outlets for the laptop and cell phone charging.  The casino is just big enough with a boutique hotel feel.  Not too crowded and barely smokey.  Even the public bathrooms were great!  We dined at many of the restaurants within the Wynn/Encore and most were quite good.  Preferred the Encore casino to the Wynn and was disgusted by The Venetian, Palazzo, Caesars, and even The Bellagio-it was like night and day between their casinos and Encore's.  If you want frat clientele, go to Caesars.  If you want upscale elegance with a hip vibe, hit Encore.I've already made reservations for our next visit...
5	If you want to experience Vegas at it's finest just call out for an Encore!I had "no reservations" placing my reservations at this newly built Steve Wynn Casino.  I arrived and was promptly checked in and escorted to my suite.When I walked in I felt as though I was in a luxurious New York Penthouse.  Marble flooring in the entryway and a King Size bed fit for a KING!  There's a flat screen TV that can swivel from your bedroom into your lounge area.They have  great restaurants and cafes and an amazing pool that's open year round and always heated.  This is a great place for couples because it's ultra sexy decor will have you spending a lot of time in your room if you know what I mean!Did I mention the comfy king sized beds??? LOL
5	I will never stay anywhere in Vegas unless it is The Wynn or Encore. It's the best. There isn't much to say. Curiosity had the bf and I stay at the Palazzo for MLK weekend and although it was nice, we wished we had booked at Encore or Wynn instead. Both hotels are similar except for Encore rooms are all suites. Other than that they are both the same in quality, service, amenities and anything else in between. There is not much to say. The bf and I love Vegas and when we step back into the Wynn, it feels just right.
5	The wife and I just returned from the Encore, and I have to say it was a tremendous experience, all the way.The hotel itself is gorgeous, draped in various shades of red, everywhere.  And one of the yelpers mentioned the downbeat chill music....very nice touch, it added quite a bit to the experience.And for a casino, not too smoky.........very elegant.Everywhere we went within the hotel, we found employees willing to help, even in small ways.   The hotel staff seemed eager to please.And I must confess that I might have raided a maid's cart for a few extra bars of the most sublime, amazing soap I have ever used...it's lemongrass scent was freaking money.  I left behind a few bucks, so it was an even trade.   Damn....that soap was good enough to eat.Three free nights at this place?  Very nice indeed.  I hope they invite us back......
4	Encore is the gem of Vegas right now. The decor is beautiful and elegant.  The pool area is fantastic especially the euro side where XS is at night.  I'm sure the summer party's are going to be a hit.   The Spa is absolutely gorgeous.  The rooms are very nice and spacious.  I really enjoyed the shower. Water pressure was awesome. Might not sound like a big deal, but when you stay at a nice hotel with little water pressure you'll know what I'm talking about.The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because of the paper thin walls!!You could hear everything, I mean everything your neighbor was doing. My neighbors on the 60th floor must have been swingers or advertising on Craigslist cause I could hear moaning and groaning at night as well as breakfast!  There really was no sound barrier at all.  Other than that, Encore is truly on top right now. Now prob about staying their again.
5	I took my girlfriend here for her birthday, which I would say was a great idea! We absolutely fell in love with the room! One king suite with shower and hot tub, sofa/couch with prime view of the Wynn hotel across and the pool, view of the Vegas strip, 42" plasma right in front of the bed, and push button controling almost everything in the room(curtain, lighting, on/off, open/close)! We loved it! I would highly recommend to the world and would most definately return to check out club XS when I have more time.
5	If you're looking for elegance, service, and great modern decor - the Encore is definitely the place to be.  I loved the color scheme throughout the hotel and was pleased with all of the furniture and decorative pieces throughout.  The hotel rooms are fairly spacious and aside from the beds, provide a living space with a couch and desk.  The TV is located in between the bedroom and the living room and is set so that it can turn to face either room.  The bedsheets are high quality and they provide tons of pillows to make the bed quite comfy.  The restroom was huge and provided both a shower and a tub.  With two sinks, a TV, and a scale in the restroom, it seems like they thought of everything.  I love having the toilet located in a separate room so that there's enough space for people to "multi task".  The hotel room definitely provided you with a great taste of what most people come to Vegas for - luxury.  (C'mon, a doorbell for your hotel room is just plain cool!)
5	What a beautiful Hotel. I know now what Steve Wynn says on his website in regards to "enhancing the guest's Las Vegas experience" Everything from the decor, to the casino and club...minus a pool (which they promised to have open at the end of the month) you can walk over to the Wynn to use their pool...which isn't too shabby at all. The service was amazing and the customer service was outstanding.
4	I absolutely LOVED this hotel.  The motif was red boudoir + butterfly mania.  There were mosaic butterflies all over the marble floors, the casino carpet, the fountains, the roof, the mirrors, and the walls.  All of the chandeliers are red, the reception area is totally red, the carpet is red, this place is sooo red, but I LOVE IT.  I absolutely adore the large red flowers behind the reception desk.  I want to climb over the counter and steal them and bring them home with me.  Service was excellent every single time.  The rooms are tastefully decorated in creams and tans, with floor to ceiling windows.  All of the rooms were suites with roomy bathrooms.  There are about 2000 rooms, but Encore has a boutique hotel feel to it.  The pool area was pretty but not very large.  Encore is attached to the Wynn and you can use the Wynn pool which we did since it was larger.  The shopping was pretty minimal though, with only a Hermes, Chanel, Rock and Republic and a few other stores.  There are several places to eat and a cool club called XS.  The sundries store carries a wide variety of chips and candy, but no Mountain Dew.
5	Steve Wynn, will you marry me? I hear you are going through a divorce right now...my fiance won't mind. If not, I must kiss your ass and tell you what a genius you are! From the decor to the awesome awesome hotel service, I don't know if I can stay anywhere else on the strip! Encore is 5 stars all the way!!!!
4	classy room just as expected. i would give it a 5 star, but 1 star is deducted due to service. so the facet to the bathtub was broken, the valve for the hot water wouldnt shut off. even when we turn the knob off, the water was still running. we called up for the service to get it fix. it took them SOOOO long.. i would have to say 1hr at least. and note: that this was at 12am. we were ready to go to sleep, but we had to wait for the guy to fix the darn facet. beside that problem, the room was elegant w/o a doubt. they were also nice enough to send me complimentary chocolates since it was my birthday. Although i was expecting more than just chocolates from Wynn. I mean i got a champagne at the Mirage one time. but at brand spanking new encore? chocolates?  okay i sound greedy...shouldnt complain....i was thankful.. but i just thought coming from wynn, i guess i was expecting something more grand than chocolates, u know?casino is nice. very RED. but i like it!  i believe the casino is smaller than Wynn's. i'm not sure. but it looks like it in my opinion. i may be wrong. Their free cocktails are tastier and stronger than other casinos.
5	So I stayed at Encore back in February but just had to get this review on here as it may be one of my few 5 star reviews. I had booked my Vegas stay through www.priceline.com and was looking for 5 star accommodations. Priceline picks your hotel so they booked me at Luxor and I was like "I don't think so....." so I cancelled it, I was charged $25 for canceling but re booked and upped my price to $225 a night and I got the Wynn. I was so stoked. So we got to the hotel and the lobby was packed. I had read on another post that you could get a "complimentary upgrade" with a trick called "The Sandwich" it is on www.frontdesktip.com if you want the details. I did "The Sandwich" asked for a complimentary upgrade and was sent to Encore with a pool view room. I wasn't sure if this was an upgrade but we thought it was, the room was spectacular. I felt like a kid. I just wanted to live there. The room had marble floors and the bathroom was enormous with dual sinks and a shower and jacuzzi bath tub and my favorite a flat screen in the bathroom! The bed was a king and was big and comfy and the living room was a great size with a floor to ceiling window that overlooked the pool as well as a beautiful view of the strip and The Wynn. The Plasma was cool how it separated the bedroom from the living room and could be turned. There was a controller next to the bed that controlled the lighting and drapes, very high tech. We ordered room service a few times nothing to write about blah food pretty expensive too but the room was spectacular would definitely stay again and would definitely recommend to my friends.
5	Yes, it's a FIVE star! I stayed there in Feb (2009). It was so upscale, clean, modern, and best part is they are all suites (I think). My room had the rotating, huge flat screen HD TV. The bath was very nicely done, with marbles, expensive fixtures, etc.. And the pool, man was it nice. It was freezing outside, like 60 degrees, but I went swimming everyday I was there anyways. Because... the water was heated to 82 degrees!! There was steam coming off of the water. And they give you free bottled water (unlike the stingy Bellagio). It's a bit better than the Wynn main hotel, and miles better than Bellagio or any other hotel I've stayed in LV. I'm writing this from my Bellagio room - boy do I regret booking here instead of Encore or Wynn.
4	i've been spoilt. it's gonna be hard staying anywhere else on the Strip.  the casino is very sexy - dig the red motif.  the service was excellent, the employees at the craps table were very fun and lively, and the "free" drinks were stiff.  my room was off the hook. while the rooms at the Palazzo are a bigger, the "suites" here are still quite large and are definitely a touch above Palazzo/Venetian.  The floor to ceiling windows meant the pre-party in our room was so good that we almost didn't even make it XS downstairs (almost, but we finally did).  i'm definitely goin back.
5	Looked just like Wynn, except with cooler restaurants and lesser tables with less crowd, even on weekends. shopping- not many shops, but walking to the adjoining Wynn for more shopping wasn't that bad.Decor, as usual, a 5 star. Room service - was quick and food was extremely good, just like all its other restaurants. Speaking of restaurants, I'd tried about a third of its 15 restaurants(both wynn and encore) and love all of them. swimming pool - was small compared to Wynn. didn't enjoy my lap swimming at all. thank god it wasn't crowded in the pool.conceirge - was extremely helpful in helping me make, change and cancel restaurant reservations both in and outside of the hotel. also helped with making spa apt at other spa, as well as book show tickets at other hotels. didn't make me feel like i was a pain in the ass.visited Wynn in both vegas and macau and now Encore, I know this is the place I'll come to time and again(although I'll be trying somewhere else the next time, just to compare how Wynn fair compared to its neighbors on the strip). it's small enough to walk throughout Encore and Wynn, but big enough for you to try a different restaurant everyday. also, not to forget that fashion show mall is just a bridge away from Wynn!
5	Is it possible to review this place badly?  The service and atmosphere are top knotch.  Encore is as expected - I can only find one complaint....  Why would you place the TV so that you cannot sit on the couch in the living room to watch it comfortably.  you have to turn your neck to watch the TV when you swivel it.   Other than that ONE thing. This place is Amazing.
4	Very easily one of the best hotels I've stayed at in my extensive traveling career.  Supposedly one of the "best" hotels in the world, it really does live up pretty close to it's name, but it is still a "large-scale" luxury resort that still leaves many customer aspects to be desired.Check-in is an absolute ZOO.  In the afternoon the lines are 10-15 people deep.  There are separated lines so if you get one good complainer, don't expect to see your room keys for the next hour.  Check-out is exactly the same way, please use express check out if you can.  In my case, our stay and dining were comped, so we had to wait in line in order to check our bill to make sure it was clear.  I got lucky and waited in the right lines while a lady behind me waited for an hour.  Most resorts have double or triple the amount of counters, but the hotel tries to get away with 10 or so counters (possibly trying to show off the fact that it's a more "private and intimate" experience.Turndown service must be requested.  It didn't use to be this way, but the recession hit Vegas pretty hard.  Turndown service is a hallmark of REAL 5-star hotels and to have it requested (and you have to ask before you figure it out - or go one night without it).  When asked, they did it one night but did not do it the other.  The room was nice enough and the hotel was completely full.  We were unable to get a complimentary upgrade because of the full hotel, but no upgrade needed.  The room itself is definitely of 5-star quality, with the normal Encore Resort Rooms being 700 sq ft of luxury, high quality linens and furniture and a very large and opulent bathroom.  Mirrored walls and heavy doors with VERY GOOD sound insulation was nice to have.  Small TV in the bathroom and large one split between the living room and bedroom.  Large floor to ceiling windows with automated shades rounded out the rest of the room.  Any request for extras was taken quickly and delivered efficiently. The pool is wonderful, absolutely stunning.  The walk from the pool/spa level and then the elevator down to the outside was spectacular.  A wonderful Italian church-like environment for the gym and spa, which was a complete surprise.  There is only one hot tub in the European pool area (topless) with two large pools.  On the day that it was sunny, the area was completely full and renting daybeds or cabanas was the only way to be by the pool.  We spent 2 hours after the buffet sleeping and tanning at the pool area; there is also a security guard there to keep the gawking rabble out.Restaurants are top notch here, look for the "Taste of Wynn" menus that seem to be more of a value and offer at least 3 courses.  We ate at Tableau, Society Cafe and the Wynn Champagne Buffet.The valet is slow, don't expect to show up at the kiosk and get your car right away.  Expect a 10-15 minute delay.  For some reason, there aren't many efficient runners.  If you're smart, call down 10-15 minutes in advance and have it taken out.  Don't waste your time.  Valet is free, like most other hotels on the strip.I have only 4 stars because of the check-in and check-out as well as the turndown service.  If the hotel really wants to make a good impression, it really needs to overhaul the process.  At least at real 5 star hotels, I get personalized service at check-in and out.  Go for the Tower Suites (much less crowded) if you have the extra cash.  More personalized valet and check-in and check-out (and nicer bathrooms).  Also as an added bonus, Tableau is right there next to the elevators for a GREAT meal.
4	Encore is a gorgeous remake of Wynn. The hotel's decor is much more contemporary and the rooms slightly bigger. I love that they have a switch to open/close curtains and dim lights. The hotel opened in December 2008, but the 'XS' nightclub here is already making a name of itself. The one thing I was disappointed in was the pool. It was not up to scale with the rest of the hotel services.
2	Let me first say that the Wynn is (was) my favorite hotel in the world--over-the-top gorgeous and just a 5-star hotel in every way. So I figured Encore would have to be as good, right? Or even better, since it's new. Sadly, not the case. You know how lower-budget stores lure top designers into doing a line for them? Martha Stewart at KMart, Vera Wang at Kohls, etc. The designs may look the same but the fabrics are cheaper, the craftsmanship is shoddy, etc. I mean, the clothes or housewares or whatever may still be perfectly nice but, let's be honest: Judith Ripka doesn't sell the jewelry she sells on QVC in her Madison Avenue store. Same story with Encore. At first glance, Encore looks like the Wynn--same red, same carpet--same smell even. But something's just....missing. It's hard to describe; it just felt like a Marriott or Holiday Inn dressed in red and butterflies. The friends we were traveling with agreed; we dubbed Encore "Holiday Wynn." Not like there's anything wrong with Marriott or Holiday Inn--but if you are looking for 5-star quality, Encore isn't it. The main reason why? The service. The staff and guest-service at Encore are HORRIBLE. The staff are either clueless or snotty. The weekend we stayed there the place was mobbed. We checked in and our room wasn't ready yet; we figured we'd go out to the pool. We check our luggage and go to the pool. Closed. They hadn't mentioned that at check-in. However, the European pool was open. We try to go check it out and are stopped by security guards. No problem--only hotel guests allowed. We show him our luggage check ticket and he lets us in. We leave our stuff there, go eat and return maybe 30 minutes later and are greeted by a different security guard. This guard demands to see our room key, which we don't have because our room isn't ready yet. We show him the luggage ticket that got us in before but he says no, they should have given us a pool pass when we checked in. Well, they didn't and our stuff is on a chair inside the pool. Sorry, he tells us, you'll have to get a pool pass before you can go back in. My husband then has to spend 45 minutes waiting to get the pool pass, and of course no apologies at all from the front desk person. As the day goes on the adult pool gets more crowded (since the main pool is closed and the hotel is booked) so there are no chairs. Except the premium chairs and lounges that you have to rent--but which are ALL vacant--nobody was paying to rent them. People ask if they can sit there since a) all the regular chairs are full and b) all the rental seats are free but they are of course told no, you have to pay $200 for those seats. When I complain to the hotel manager, saying that if the hotel is booked and the main pool is closed, they should at the very least try to accommodate guests at the one pool that is especially when nobody is paying to use the vacant seats. Instead of apologizing she refers me to the pool manager, who rudely insists that they can't let people sit in those chairs unless they pay. Whatever--it's not worth worrying about. The bottom line is this: yes, the rooms are nice; yes, the decor is Wynn-like and yes the pool is nice. But part of 5-star quality is 5-star service and Encore doesn't even come close. Encore had the worst, rudest staff I have ever experienced at any star-level of hotel and I would never stay there again. Oh, and of course I sent an email to the GM and to guest-services detailing this whole thing and didn't get a response. Shocker.
5	If I love this place that means you'll love it too!
4	I always prefer to stay at Wynn hotels.  Before MGM bought out the Bellagio I stayed there every time.  The Wynn is awesome and has been a five-star experience every time I stay in Vegas.  Understated elegance and attention to the small details is what has always set Mr. Wynn's properties apart from the rest.  Encore is a great hotel and is worth the stay but surprisingly comes up a little short on some of the small details which I found surprising.  The great - Large room, nice flat screen, large bathroom, separate bath and shower, quality linens (all apply to the regular room).  The room is also well soundproofed from your neighbors.The good -The hotel feels like a much smaller hotel than it is.  Everything is grouped together and easy to find.  You don't have to walk a half a mile to get to everything.  This sounds minor but you really do notice it after awhile.  The eh-Valet pickup is absurd.  You have to walk from the front to the side of the hotel, down a narrow stairwell with your luggage, and wait for ten minutes for someone to bring your car.  The exit does avoid Las Vegas Blvd. however which saves you time.Room service - two personal cheese pizzas and two orders of chicken lettuce wraps - $106.  I expect some markup but give me a break.  You also may not bring outside food up to your room.  You will be stopped at the elevator!  Hookers?  OK.  Drugs? OK.  Fast food takeout?  No dice.  Very, very disappointing.Mini-bar restocking person: I'm sorry that your hand-held device did not show that we paid $100 for a late checkout Sunday, but you could be a little nicer to us after I explained what happened and not treat us like degenerate squatters staying past checkout time.Great hotel.  It hurts me not to give it five stars but there is some roughness around the edges that I found surprising.  Also, iPhone 3G doesn't work on the clock/radio although other istuff does.
5	AMAZING HOTEL.  AMAZING SERVICE.  BEAUTIFUL BEYOND BELIEF.I can't wait to go back to Vegas just to stay at The Encore.
4	Encore... I think you've spoiled me from all other hotels in Vegas.  You even make Wynn's rooms look shabby and that's a pretty hard feat in itself.  The hotel is absolutely gorgeous, though it does go a littler overboard with the reds.  The rooms are super spacious and could sleep 6 comfortably if 2 people sleep on the couch - it could probably sleep up to 10 if everyone else crashes on the floor. =)  The bathroom is really nice too with double sinks, separate bathtub and shower and a mini-tv too.  I think the best feature of the room is the controls on the nightstand, you never have to get up to do anything!  With the click of a button, I could control the blinds/curtains, lights, the privacy button... everything!My only negative experience at this hotel was due to a slight scuffle during check in due to one of the front desk clerks being incompetent.  I arrived at the hotel around 12 and pre-registered since check in wasn't till 3 and everything went accordingly.  The lady even took my cell # so she could call me if my room was ready before hand.  I didn't get a phone call, so I just figured I'd check in at 3 like I was suppose to.  I waited in line and was helped by Judith.  I told her I pre-registerd at noon and requested 2 queens with the previous person but was told the room wasn't available yet.  She looked up my reservation and told me that there is no record in the system that I pre-registered and that there were now no rooms with 2 queens available at all!  She told me the only room she could give me a king and a roll-a-way. I asked if there would be any chance a room with 2 queens would become available and she told me no, but I could wait and check back later if I'd like.  I left to check with my friends given the situation and later went back and spoke with Bryan, who I believe was one of the front desk managers.  I explained my situation to him and told him that I understood the beds were a request, but the fact that they had no record I pre-registered at noon was ridiculous since they had 2 queens available then.  He told me he'll check on my reservation for me, and came back 10 mins later with my room available and ready! =)  So Bryan from front desk, you totally made my experience at Encore and gets 5-stars for your customer service!  If it wasn't for my check in experience, I would have easily given Encore 5-stars.I'm not sure if I'll be able to stay at other hotels now since Encore pretty much ruined all other Vegas hotels for me.  So if you find a good deal for Encore, I'd definitely say go for it!  Personally, I believe Encore is worth every dollar and will definitely be back!
5	I loved this hotel the most out of all the ones on the strip. Every detail is thought of, including little indulgences in the minibar, a bed that you just fall into like a little piece of heaven,  a flat screen TV, remote curtains, rooms with a view and even a sectional in case you have a mini party and a desk if you're a workaholic. The lobby was just as - if not more - beautiful. They have butterflies as their theme, on the walls, tile mosaics. The fresh flowers are replaced daily, and the lounges are surrounded by gorgeous flora and waterfalls. Steve Wynn knows his luxury for sure. I'll stay here the second that I can afford to spend over $800 on a hotel for the weekend.
1	HOTEL INSIDER: Weeks after the grand opening, Encore replaced 99.9% of its staff with the Wynn's due to incompetency. So if you think the food, service, etc. is much better here than the Wynn, you guys are straight trippin'.
4	I stayed at Encore in late April of 2009 for a work off-site.  It is an AMAZING hotel in that all rooms are essentially mini-suites.  It's apparent that Steve Wynn spared no expense in ensuring maximum comfort for Encore guests, I highly suggest going on to their website to see pictures of the suite as words do not do it justice.  Aside from the suites, the hotel has fantastic restaurants that will not bore the palate.  Cafe Society is great for brunch (I kept going back for Bloody Mary and French Toast).  Botero is a contemporary steakhouse that is booked full every night so be sure to make reservations ahead of time.  XS is currently the hottest nightclub in town with a spacious dance floor that opens up to the Encore pool area where cabanas are set up for seating. As I was leaving XS at 3 am I noticed that there's still a line out the door!  Staying at Encore definitely added to my Vegas experience.  The reason I gave it 4 stars rather than 5 is because of the location.  It is on the strip but getting anywhere takes some patience.  Also, I have to note that Encore was a great hotel but perhaps not exactly a wild time for those who want a great gambling experience.
4	Our room was so much nicer then we could have ever imagined, it was large and had more amenities then I could have ever hoped for.  The room was large and had basically remote control everything, lights, tv's , drapes, it was overall amazing. The pool was perfect.  The crowd was the best we could have hoped for...no young children running around everywhere.  The chairs were plentiful and comfy and there were complimentary towels and water when you checked in.   I think it was one of the few places where you could come and it was reserved for only encore guests which was great because it kept the crowds low and the company comfy.Our neighbors were loud and we could definitely hear them through the walls, which brings them down a star because they sounded pretty douchy, but I think they were up all night because they had ten dudes in one room, where were they all going to sleep?We would definitely go back, the room and the hotel in all was beautiful and well kept...perfect.
4	I swore I wasn't the Vegas 'type' until I actually went there and realized just how awesome it is to spend a few days in a town where everyone has one goal: to have as as much fun as possible. The Encore proved that my perceptions about everything in Vegas being sleezy,dirty and tasteless don't always hold true. This place exudes luxury and class while being just over the top enough that it is unmistakingly 'Vegas'. The lobby and Casio areas are a delight for the senses overflowing with natural light, beautiful bright tiles, butterfly wall hangings that are out of a fairytale and the gentle (not overwhelming) 'ping ping ' of slot machines being played. When we got to our rooms we couldn't help but do a little dance accompanied with shrieks of excitement. The folks at the encore thought of everyhting. And I mean everything. The standard rooms are huge and feature a separate living room section with a wrap around sofa and a deluxe bathroom that was almost as big as my studio apartment. The fun 'extras' included, lights and blinds operated by remote control, an iPod dock, fluffy white bathrobes, huge flat screen TV and of course the well stocked and overprices minibar. Honeslty, this was by far the most amazing hotel room I've ever been in. Modern, sexy and plenty big for pre and post partying. The customer service at The Encore was top notch from beginning to end. We were checked in quickly and the woman at the desk didn't mind in the least when halfway through the check in process we decided that we should all be on the same floor. We ordered room service several times and I even called the concierge early one morning when I was in desperate need of some hangover assistance befire I showed my face- they were up to me room in 10 minutes flat with Visine!!! The free drinks in the casino were pretty easy to come by even when I was sitting at the penny slots- a sure giveaway that you are only there for said free drinks. Top to bottom, start to finish The Encore is an amazing hotel and worth the few extra bucks as compared to other popular places in Vegas. The only reason I wasn't able to give it the elusive 5 stars is because of it's location on the strip and the high prices at all of their bars and restaurants. The tlocation wouldn't bother me so much because that solved by a quick cab ride, but it's tough to escape those high prices when you can't duck out to another hotel easily.
5	Just got back from a 3 nite stay at the Encore.  I've stayed at Bellagio, Mandalay, Mandalay Hotel, MGM Signature, the Ritz Carlton, the Four Seasons and some others but this place is by far the best.  First of all, the pools are awesome.  Reminded me of the Atlantis pool in the Bahamas.  The one thing I didn't like was there wasn't really any shady areas.  And the only umbrellas were under the cabanas or special chairs that they were renting at like $300 a pop.  During the week too, not even on the weekends.  Other than that, the hotel was VERY clean.  The housekeeping was the BEST I've ever experienced.  I normally get very heebed out by hotels but this place was so clean.  Also, there weren't kids there which was nice for 20-30 somethings.  I didn't eat at the hotel but noticed that the coffee place downstairs was very expensive.  I guess that's expected but a starbucks in the hotel would have been nice.  Even if it was a 5 min. walk.  The price of drinks were about $15/drink at the pool and a bit pricey but they put enough alcohol so worth the price.  The casino is clean, the employees there were very nice, didn't seem like they hated their jobs like some casino employees.  Very classy place.  I'd recommend it highly.  One other thing, you can't put anything in their fridge as it's weight sensitive.  I would suggest that we have the option to put drinks or whatever in there like some hotels or even a mini kitchen like the Signature but I'm assuming it's cuz Encore would rather have you eat there.  The ppl staying there are a bit older or more wealthy.  You're not going to get the "party" hard rock crowd which is nice.  we already booked a room for next month and can't wait.
4	I thought this hotel was lovely. The decor is extreme with lots of drapery and tassels and fringe.Red red. Nice casino floor layout. I especially like the west, east, north south bars. Check in was easy. I did notice at certain times of the day when the lobby was jammed with people all trying to check in at the same time. I also noticed during this time some upset clients. After observing, I saw that they were trying to upgrade their room or get better pricing. Visitors to Vegas have been trained to haggle. This just isn't the place to do it. The adult pool was nice. The service varied from day to day, one day there were many servers, and the next we had to self serve. It was obvious they were training and testing the services in this area. I will say if you want to enjoy Encore, be prepared to spend money. The spa, gambling, shows and tipping are a must. If you want to save money, go to Luxor or Mirage. Still nice, but not this nice!
5	Pretty much what you would expect from the Wynn's second tower. ProsImpeccable serviceConference rooms were nice and the snack service was tastyRooms were modern but not too over the topConsSome of the decor was a little tacky (Red chandeliers)Everything is expensive.
3	Not bad, not great. I remember reading one review labeling the casino as a "whorehouse red"; funny but very true. Rooms were decent, but Mr. Wynn  loves to jack everything up, doesn't he? You get what you pay for, I guess. Was given a reduced offer, that's the only reason I stayed here. Otherwise...way too expensive.
4	Waking up at 8am, ordering a lox bagel and french pressed coffee via room service, and reading the morning newspaper... then heading down to the pool for a major tanning session on a Friday morning while everyone else is at work..THAT'S THE LIFE. Ha ha, suckers! (jk jk.. Don't want to rub it in your faces.) This is definitely my favorite hotel. It's at the end of the strip, which means you need to walk around a lot or take a taxi to get around but I think it's definitely worth it.The pool is nice and there's 2 sections -- a regular one and an "adult" section ;) You have to be 21+ for the adult pool and you can be topless.. but the only people that were topless were really old ladies with very saggy boobs =/ You can also gamble by the pool, which is awesome!Another perk is XS. We weren't able to get VIP passes for Memorial Day weekend and unfortunately the guys had to pay $100 for cover. But if you get super drunk at XS, you can stumble back into your room instead of finding a taxi or walking 291890184 miles down the strip to your hotel. The only reason why I'm not giving it 5 Stars is because everything is PRICEY. But you get what you pay for. I didn't have any problems with the service. Everyone was professional and very attentive. It's definitely worth it.
5	For some reason, visiting and staying here gave me two different impressions. When you visit, you just see the casino floor which is pretty but it isn't the best. However, when you stay here, the rooms are BEAUTIFUL and makes you feel so pimp lol the boyfriend called ahead and gave the hotel our preferences of a strip view, which Encore gave us so we got a sweeeeeeet view. PLUS, we got it for such a great rate since Vegas is losing business (bad for them but great for us!) The pool area is nice, the service is great and the look is very modern. You can even check your hotel bill on the TV (dunno if other hotels offer this service) so it's nice to have this extra convenience.The only con I have about this place is the crappy reception in the rooms. Maybe it's just my service (T-mobile) or maybe it was because we were 25 floors up, but I rarely got service in the room, except when I stood in certain places and there were certain places on the casino floor where I got bad reception too.
4	I know this place is new and probably should be the hottest thing in town, but after a couple stays, I'm not convinced.  Don't get me wrong, this place isn't a dump, but just left a tad to be desired.  The hotel/gaming floor/amenities are fantastic, but the rooms (for a place like that) should have been bigger, IMO.  The only thing I liked about the room is the huge view of the Wynn Golf Course; man, I love that view.  The tables were great with really friendly pit bosses and dealers which, to me, makes for a good time while gambling (besides winning big).XS is one of the newer/popular clubs in town, which is located at Encore.  I was pretty impressed with the place and although the main club isn't too big, the gigantic pool area more than makes up for it.  That's all I'll probably say about XS since the club warrants a review of its own.Overall, this is one of the better places to stay in Vegas.  I know I'm kinda' short-changing this place because we don't spend too much time in the rooms anyway, but at the rate you pay (when you're not comp'd), I think they should be bigger.
5	My Favorite HOTEL ON THE STRIP!!! Experience it for your self!
5	I am so glad that I stayed at this hotel! Like pretty much everyone else, I thought the room, views, and service were all exceptional. I especially loved the extra effort the hotel put to personalize everything (names on room keys, tv, phone). The only bummer during our particular stay was that the computers were down and check-in was absurdly long. Tip: We found out that being a hotel guest doesn't get you into XS for free, but if you present your room key you can get a discount off of cover.
5	I had stayed at the original Wynn tower a couple of times, and while there's a lot there to like, there were still some things I didn't care for. The casino and layout are confusing, the rooms are a little much in terms of decor, etc. But with Encore, Wynn and his team really hit their stride. Just about everything at this place works, and it's probably become my favorite Vegas hotel, just above THEhotel at Mandalay Bay.Public areas: Red, red, red. It works in the casino and check-in area in a way it didn't in the rooms at Wynn. It's vivid and exciting; the design is a stunner... well, except for those ugly red chandeliers that look like huge upside-down spiders. Otherwise, bravo. The casino layout is the easiest to navigate in any Vegas mega-property. You can actually see all the way from one end to the other of what is basically a big rectangle, and the two long sides have natural light and outside views. There are restaurants and lounges arranged around the perimeter--no following signs around corners and meandering casino paths to find anything. Spa/Pool: The fitness center is pretty much what you would expect--big, with plenty of machines of all types. The spa waiting area is a stunner. It looks like the living room of an Arabian prince with great taste. The interior is great as well--the plunge pool area has a huge tile wall with a copper cherry tree mosaic. Just gorgeous. There are also heated tiled lounge chairs which vibrate slightly. It would be easy to lose an afternoon dozing on one of those. There's a $30 daily use fee, which is outlandish but about the norm for Vegas. The pool is not a match for Mandalay Bay's [still the best in town], but it's nice in its own right with plenty of lounge chairs; even on a busy weekend, we were able to find a couple of chairs together with no problem. Drink service was frequent and efficient. The European [topless] pool is pretty much the same as the main pool, only with a huge center bar. Guys, sorry to say there was only one pair of assets on display the day I was there. Don't know how well this European bathing trend is catching on.Rooms: Much calmer and more relaxing than the public areas. Mostly in the beige family, but there were plenty of accent touches to give it character. There's rough-textured houndstooth wallpaper behind the mini-bar armoire and rust colored wallpaper behind the beds and on the entry-way ceiling. The L-shaped sofa is a great touch and the sitting area is huge. Of course, everything is remote-controlled from the bedside. I might question the choice of painting over the sofa, which is basically three big white circles on a black background, but whatever. If you've stayed at THEhotel, Venetian/Palazzo, or Bellagio, then you know what to expect in the bathrooms. Very plush and spacious, but not necessarily distinctive. We had a double-bed room with a spectacular view over the Wynn tower, the pools, the golf course, and part of the strip. We were on the 57th floor and didn't hear a peep from the nightclub, which some others have complained about. Room numbers that end in even numbers are strip view. Restaurants: A very nice selection, and we made a stop at all of them except Switch. Went to the bar at Sinatra, which has great appetizers [main course menu didn't intrigue me that much] and a polished bar staff who made fine traditional cocktails and are always ready with a suggestion. There's also a very cool huge model ship hanging over the bar. Wazuzu has the spectacular crystal dragon along one wall and a fine pan-Asian menu. Society cafe was good for breakfast and the Lobby Cafe and Bar is just off check-in if you can't even make it to the elevators before you need a drink. Best of all is steakhouse Botero, which was slam-packed the night we were there but still offered tremendous quality on every course. The bone-in NY Strip is something special, as is the salmon with Meyer lemon appetizer and the side of truffled corn pudding. Deserts are more creative than anything, so choose carefully if you're a dessert traditionalist. There's also a great bar up front here; if Kirk the bar manager is working, ask him to make you his martini with pear vodka and elderflower liqueur.  Random notes: It's a pretty easy walk to Wynn down a hallway by the theaters, past a shopping arcade where they would turn you upside down and shake the money out of your pockets. Won $165 in ten minutes at a single-deck blackjack game, but I promise I didn't let that influence my review. Nothing here is a particular bargain, but I wasn't expecting it to be, so...Elsewhere on the Strip: You can skip the bar at the Trump tower. Dull. The wine list at Mix at THEhotel isn't as good as it used to be, but the food is. CityCenter is getting near completion on the exterior, and is just enormous. Can't say it really advances architecture on the Strip, though.
5	Ideally, I'd like to give Encore a 4.5. It's definitely not a complete 5-star experience. I'll lead off with why it's not, and then get on to the positive stuff.SERVICE: While professional and courteous, it's not on par with a Four Seasons or similar hotels that emphasize the ultimate in customer satisfaction. My dad and I went out to the pool area on an overcast day, with maybe a third of the chairs in use and all the cabanas empty. Wanting to cool off for a couple minutes, we walked into the pool and took a seat on these big round seating things they have in the water. Within two minutes, a lifeguard came over and said, "I'm sorry, these are for cabana guests only." There were six of these huge seating things in the pool, each one capable of seating 8-10, and not a single person was on them. There weren't even any cabana guests to use them. And you're seriously going to kick us off them?! That's just poor service and bad business. After getting asked to get off, two other ladies in the pool said, "Yeah, isn't that terrible? We were sitting there this morning and they kicked us off, as well." Moments like that leave a bad taste in guests' mouths, and they pass on such stories to others, quickly leading to bad word-of-mouth.POOL: The pool area is pretty small. The adult pool, with a bar and gaming, is very nice, but the regular pool is pretty boring. I'm a sun-worshipper, but for those who like some shade, there is NONE at the main Encore pool. Poolside dining is another disappointment. The prices seem very reasonable, even cheap for such a nice hotel, until you realize the food is pre-packaged from the Lobby Bar & Cafe. With food like that, you're better off grabbing a Subway $5 footlong and taking it out to the pool. Overall, I prefer the Wynn pools to Encore.LOCATION: Encore is pretty isolated at the far-north end of the Strip (yes, there's some stuff further north, but The Sahara and Circus Circus are not places most high-end hotel guests will frequent). If you have a car or are willing to cab it, you're fine, while getting around by foot is doable but not easy (Encore connects to Wynn, then you can take the bridge to Palazzo, which connects to Venetian, and from there you can cross the street to TI, which connects to Mirage, in the middle of the strip).Now for the positive news.HOTEL/CASINO: The design is spectacular, like the Wynn. However, avoid Encore at all costs if you don't like the color red. Whereas Wynn is decked out in neutral brown, Encore is totally and completely red, red, red. It's far too much of a non-neutral color, IMO, but I can let that go when the details and intricacies of the design are so stunning. From the crystal peacock tails to the Daphne statue in the Lobby Bar, you can tell how much thought went into every single design detail. The casino is small and intimate, but beautiful, with natural light all around.SUITES: Pretty close to perfect. The huge rooms are modern and sophisticated, in neutrals like black, beige, and white. Everything is top-of-the-line, from the big things like the beds (the best you'll find on the Strip) to the small things like the Kohler faucets. While these are bigger than the rooms at Wynn, they kind of feel smaller, because of the partial wall in between, but I like them better. The bathrooms are huge and gorgeous, too. I think I have to give the Encore rooms the edge over Palazzo, making these the best rooms on the Strip, IMO. As for the noise problem from XS, I purposely chose to stay at Encore on nights when the nightclub was closed, so I can't comment about that noise. However, the rooms were very quiet, and I heard no noise from outside the hotel or from the hallways/other rooms.*** TIP ***: For stunning views of the Strip, request the south side of the hotel, with rooms on the west side of the hall (we had rooms 18 and 20, which were perfect).
2	Your hotel is suppose to be my rock! my stone! yest when I check in and the room I reserved was "all sold out" then surely in these dire ecomonic times you'd upgrade me ... especially at those prices ... whaaat? I need to pay $25 dollars more to get a room I didn't want - nah! - give me what you got -- oh you'll comp me a roll-a-way! oh wait I won't get it until 2 am becuz those are also "all sold out" ... sure - I'll tell my guests to sleep on the floor becuz that's what your telling me! Pool was awesome, casino paid me at video black jack (yay)... would never stay again. idiots.
5	Staying at the Encore turns me into a lazy blob because all I want to do is sleep in their cloud of a bed. So so so comfy! I don't know if my friends and I are just stupid, but we kept having an issue with turning off the tv. We'd press the power button and it'd turn on a few seconds later. My friend tried asking concierge if there was any way they could place us on the guest list for XS, but I guess they said they couldn't do anything for us. Not too sure how correct that policy is because for whatever reason we picked the inebriated person to call concierge. I was a little concerned that being with a bunch of rowdy, foul mouthed boys would cause hotel staff to treat us a little more roughly; however, everyone was respectful and treated us as sweetly as the older, most likely richer guests. Pretty sweet.
5	The last time I was in Sin City this place was still being built and the Wynn was all the rage. This place sure does take the cake in terms of extravagance, decor, and service. We had complimentary valet parking (which I was thankful the cars are not parked in the sun for the whole stay!), around every corner was a hotel staff helping with guiding guests to the right hotel elevators, restaurants, taxi services, etc. The pool area was beautiful with many places to walk in, the gardens dotting the premises could easily compete with many of the greenery in the upscale Los Angeles areas, and most of the people who came were generally friendly.We rented a two bed hotel room for a gaggle of girls for a bachelorette weekend celebration and it was gorgeous! I could have slept on the bed for the entire trip, so comfortable and soft! The closet was large enough to fit enough clothes for 5 girls for four days, including day and nighttime attire for each day (yes it IS that damn important to dress to impress in Vegas! Its Vegas!). The bathroom was something straight out of HGTV - double sinks with electrical sockets, well-lit, large tub and glass walk-in shower, and a separate room for the toilet (which every building should work into its basic bathroom design).Just keep in mind that it IS Las Vegas, so if you're willing to drop a few extra dollars for much finder furnishings, this is one place that goes the extra mile.
5	Since my parents retired in Las Vegas, I rarely have a need to stay on the Strip anymore... Though, it does feel like pure decadance nowadays to have that Strip room when home is 15 mintues away.  Encore definitely provides a luxurious, resort experience.  No signs of a recession here, there was a line to check in, and the hotel was sold out.  I chose to upgrade the room for $25 to a higher floor, with better view.  It was the best choice I made all weekend (because gambling certainly didn't offer the same return).  The view was amazing - straight down was the pool, beyond was the golf course and further out you could see Caesers and the rest of the Strip.  Just as fun at night as during the day!  I loved retiring to the plush bed, and looking out at the view, then with a touch of a button both curtains close to block out all traces of light!  Equally nice is the spacious and comfortable bathroom.  I took a bath in the deep tub and watched the Today show.  Not so nice was the gambling.  I liked that your room key was the Player's card.  But on a Saturday night when the place was mobbed by short skirts and heels trying to get into XS, I wanted to play Blackjack.  There wasn't a spot open for less than $50 a hand, and when I sat down to what seemed like a $10 table it turned out to be Blackjack "Switch."  Some variation where you bet on two hands, and you can change the cards up... not so much fun when the dealer doesn't bust on 22!The Encore strives to create a St. Tropez feel, which I think it does -  large windows overlooking a lush pool and lots of light even in the casino.  It's a relaxed environment, not found in many of the other casino/hotels on the Strip.  One day, I'd like to return... after I won the MegaMillion jackpot.
4	Though billed as one this is not a Five Star hotel or property.  The staff continually asks how you are and if you need anything but they are not really doing much beyond that.  It took 20 minutes to get a new key for my room at the front desk because some thugs from LA were dividing their room costs by three and paying individually-not something you see at a 5 star in NYC.  At least I've never seen it at the Saint Regis.  There was a manager roaming around the front lobby consoling people about delays, perhaps she should have been behind the desk helping get people through whatever process they needed to get through.They screwed up my breakfast two days in a row, the second day a staff person said it was OK since it was comp'd from the first day!  Apparently their computer system crashed and they were not aware of it until I called 20 minutes after my breakfast was scheduled to arrive!  It seemed as though I had saved the day for the entire hotel and to show their appreciation they gave me free poached eggs! If  that truly was the case I believe that I must have saved the day by alerting them to the fact that people were out there waiting for their orders.  It is unimaginable that they have no back-up plan and that everyone was just sitting around thinking no guests had ordered anything this particular morning.  Having saved the day I might expect a tremendous welcoming when I return, the parking valet carefully yet expertly passing my name to the front desk on my arrival.  They are excited that I am finally back from my meeting in Summerlin perhaps a parade to my new suite complete with complimentary dining, gym and spa treatments (after all, I did save the day!)  But after letting me know that the employee on the phone in the "dine in" department asked if I would like to speak to the manager!  It is about recovery!  The "dine in" manager Jenna recovered well but not exceptionally as I would expect in a FIve Star operation (I helped with some of the solutions) she was thoughtful enough to add a lovely fruit tray to my late breakfast but I still can't help but wonder if a big surprise does not await me on my return later today?On the other hand the Hotel is gorgeous in the Las Vegas kind of way, it is thoughtfully laid out and easy to navigate.  No marching through casinos to get to obscure elevators hidden behind Tiki bars and nightclubs.  The pool is very nice especially if you like looking at tattoos, it has no "deep end"  and euro trash from Brazil and Eastern Europe kept us busy.  The drinks pool side were good and priced around $14.00 served by barely legal hostesses who were cute in a high school kind of way.  Like I said everyone is very nice but if you have a problem good luck in getting it resolved without being ASKED if you'd like to talk to a manager.  BTW the valet service is the best in Vegas, the kids working it are thinking (they should ask them to run the hotel)  when they were not busy this AM the kid I believe his name was Danny grabbed my ticket number, ran it through the system and my car was coming out when I got down the escalator to their delivery spot..Overall it is an exceptional property but 5 star-Not now.  Roaming around the lobby and casino it became evident to me that you need to have a five star clientele to have a five star anything-Encore does not have this.  I believe that so long as they are cutting their rates down to attract business they will never get the right people to stay there.  Would I stay there again?  That depends on what happens when I return today.  Likely I will, they are trying really hard but I do love a parade!
2	SERVICE WAS TERRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! please read....What a confusing trip I had to the encore this past weekend?!?! Taking a birthday trip with my girlfriend and some friends for the weekend thinking wow this is going to be great: the encore hotel, great food, great gaming, great dinning, great clubs, well......Arrival typical friday evening travel a short flight over from San Diego. After checking in, we begin to walk through the hotel to hear people throughout the hotel speaking of NO HOT WATER! For a 5 star 5 diamond club hotel not to have hot water is ridiculous. They were right! Thanks for the preface at check-in that there was no hot water.  (First problem of the trip) Couldn't complain yet because when I called down to the front desk so many other people were complaining at the same time I could not actually get a live person on the phone and the machine prompted me to call back later (strike 2!). Next morning housekeeping used their key-card and entered our room without knocking. (Will spare the details of how bad that timing was).(3rd service flaw) After that incident decided to say something to the hotel staff about the housekeeping incident and the hot water - comped $100. ($50 for each separate incident) Thinking maybe things are on the up!4pm get hot water and finally shower. Ate dinner at their sushi restaurant Wazuzu. Food was good, service was poor again. (#4!) Ordering sake became the most complicated thing to do. Not sure exactly how it went down because I was so frustrated I gave up and let friends try and order. XS WAS AMAZING! EVERYONE GO THERE! Best club in VegasOnly flaw, concierge closed at 9pm in Sin City, or a city "that never sleeps".  Well the concierge at the Encore definitely does.  Nothing sinister like happens in vegas before 9pm anyways?!?! Wanted to get hotel guest passes or ladies passes and unsuccessful at both because they were closed.Sunday called down for 1pm late checkout after friends in room 3 doors down said they got 1pm late checkout. Called the front desk, Kelly said they were not offering 1pm late checkout to any of the guest. Well, after haggling with Kelly for 20-30 minutes she spoke with another gentleman, James, one of the managers, and agreed to offer 1pm late checkout. Admitted they actually did offered my friends a late checkout which she orgianlly said was not an option. (#5)All in all, food was great. XS was great. Ambience and decor was great. Little on the pricey side for food and beverage, but service  was TERRIBLE. No one was helpful except for the bellman when we were leaving hahaha! Talk about a sign....When what you control is who you hire to represent your hotel, Encore falls miserably short. And with word of mouth being best referral, I would stay somewhere else to avoid the service issues of staying here. Dine and go to XS and get out!
4	I stayed here for 3 nights so I'm gonna let you know the good AND the bad! Valet was awesome. The guys there are fast, efficient and very courteous. Didn't have any problems at all! Check-in wasn't so good. I booked my room about 2 months in advance and upon check in, no rooms were available unless I upgraded. The check-in lady was tryin to hustle! I mean two months? C'mon the room should've been reserved. But after about 15 minutes, one miraculously opened up.  Hm... makes me wonder a little. Anyways moving on.The hotel is beautiful with lots of red. A little too red for my taste.. The gaming area was very limited. Not many slots and tables. The elevators are freakin fast and there is rarely a wait which I love!! The room itself is spacious and stunning! Everything from the bed, to the couch, to the bath rugs are luxurious and extravagant. Plenty of closets and dressers for your clothes. Loved the room! But check out took foreverrrrrr... Literally it took us about 40 minutes!! Maybe I'm just a lazy girl or out of shape but the walk is far to places like the Bellagio or Caesars! Felt like my legs were gonna buckle any second from the walk lol. Every little detail in the hotel is beautiful like the doorknobs, the towels, and even the toiletries. We even saw Andrew Bynum checking in, go Lakers!! The hotel was overall fantastic and I'll definitely stay here again!
3	*********THE REST OF THE STORY**********So Saturday morning we woke up and there was no hot water.  I had a meeting early and called the front desk to see what they could do to help.  I was told they were working on the problem and the whole building was without hot water. "There are over 3,000 guests and no one has hot water", they said.  When they were unable to offer a solution I suggested a call to the Spa so that they could arrange for me to run down for a quick shower.  The young woman who took my call said, "why don't you call them and see if they can let you in?"  I suggested, their being a 5 star hotel that she be the one to call and make arrangements.  I was simply holding them to the standard they had set for themselves!  I believe that in a 5 star operation they should be the ones doing the thinking as well as figuring out the solutions.  I already had suggested they call the Spa at Wynn since their Spa was also without hot water!  I had told the young lady to check on it and call me back.  She had the front desk manager call.  He said that they were going to give us two Spa passes for the Wynn Spa but he were only doing this because we asked and it was not something they normally do but since I requested it they were going to do it!  Well I had simply requested to use the shower and I don't think I needed to be reminded of their shortcomings.  They should have made a suggestion that I use the Spa shower and not make it look like I was some sort of pest!  So many of the employees there are so ill trained as to what 5 star service really is!Furthermore, having sent my Yelp review to the Hotel Manager, and two Front Desk Supervisors (Evan and Joshua) I have yet to hear from any of them regarding the details of this horrendous experience at their so called 5 star hotel!YOU CAN'T HAVE A FIVE STAR HOTEL WITHOUT FIVE STAR GUESTS EITHER!
5	Hell to-the-motha-f'er yes!!!This room made me want to sleep with Mr. Wynn on top of the tower while shooting the next wynn/encore commercial.... just to say thank you. The tower suites were bomb! The lobby/special service for the tower suites were bomb! The folks there were bomb! The little bathroom amenities were bomb! (and smelled good) Robes: bomb! View: bomb!Everything there was BOMB! (enough explosions for one review)If ya wanna be high rolla.... go there.Oh, and Danny Divito was in the room next to us. Sa-weet!!!!
5	I've been to Vegas a ga-jillion times and prior to staying at Encore my favorite hotel was the Venetian.  But after staying at the Encore for 5 nights- this is hands down my all-time favorite Las Vegas hotel.  The rooms are incredibly beautiful and spacious!  The service is impeccable!  I am a huge neat freak and this is hotel's cleanliness standards were the most amazing part of my whole Encore experience.  The hotel was cleaned up and down everyday with an anal-retentive attention to detail.  They dusted the chandeliers, wiped off the slots, cleaned the hallways, carpets, and elevators daily!  It was so shocking to see so many workers cleaning the hotel nightly.  I loved the maid that cleaned our room too - she was always super thoughful with putting new bars of soap when it looked a tad bit smaller or just organizing things in the bathroom. Ok that's enough about Encore's standards of cleanliness.I highly recommend staying at Encore and signing up for a Red Card (it's free).  That way you can get be notified about deals on rooms and earn resort credit.  I received an email and stayed at the Encore for $99/night!  I had 3 different $50 resort credits so a few of my nights ended up being only $49/night! If you're going to Vegas, seriously consider Encore!  Its a fabulous hotel!
4	Awesome! Stayed here last weekend for my sister's bachelorette partay and the rooms were amazing, the vibe was hip, and since the it houses the hottest club in Vegas right now - we never really had to leave the hotel. It could have been a little more convenient to get into XS but it's Vegas, so an annoying door policy is something to get used to.Customer service was above average and I would come back for sure!And some Lakers were staying there this weekend - holla!Minus 1 star - sometimes there was an odd odor in random areas of the hotel...hopefully not built over something sketchy....
5	Stayed @ Encore this past  Memorial Day weekend for 4 Nights.. Sealed the deal with three girls in this room, they agreed the rooms here are mint.. My room was on the 59th floor with Panoramic Views of the Strip. Got a sick deal off Travelzoo.com, my best friends each were in the far more expensive tower suites.. One has more money than god(were talking dropping 5000 grand on slots/losing 50k for the weekend), his room could sleep 8plus people but wasnt that much better than the 250(regularly 500plus) a night room I stayed in.One of the nicest rooms I have ever stayed in, especially considering how cheap it was. Definitely reaping the benefits of this recession.The decor of the room was top notchj, lots of marble/granite, most of the colors in the suites were of red, white and black tones. All the Jacky chans seem to love the Wynn & Encore, they must dig the lucky red coloring..Huge but oddly situated plasma sat in the middle of the room that swiveled when you needed to watch it from either the bed or the couch. Bed was a dream, perfect to sleep on as well as pound some broads head into a pillow as you lay the root.Some nice personal touches, include being able to hit one button and turning off the TV,all the lights,shades and other various things all at once as you fall asleep, truly came in handy after I pounded my cheeseburger from room service and was too drunk to stuble around the room to flick off switches. The Bathroom was bigger than most hotel rooms, it had a TV to watch as you disinfect and try to clean the bodily fluids off the animal prostitue you just slayed.. The tub was a monster and the steam shower was great. Also nice that the toilet is in its own separate room inside the bathroom, even had a phone conveniently located next to the toilet. Perfect for giving your mom a ring as you drop the Cosby Kids off at the pool. Room Service was sick here.. Amazing food.. Being a Native NYer I am impressed with just how good the chicken salad, wraps and desserts were.. Semi Pricey but fair in my opinion considering the quality, portion size and service that comes with it. Highly recommend ordering while staying at the hotel. Just about everything on the menu is good. WIll run you a solid 60 bucks for two people.The pool at Encore isnt anything special, not much talent, lots of washed out cougars, old guys with gold watches & there bought Dime pieces.. Most of my friends went to the Wynn's pool instead and I personally just hit up Wet Republic each day...The downsides to this hotel are its at the South End of the Strip, most cab rides run a minimum of 10-20 to get anywhere decent. Unlike the Hotel at Mandalay Bay there is no Starbucks in the lobby, no day time pool party and this place could almost be too luxorious/pretentious for some hard partying animals like myself. No cheap food around either for when you just want to grab a quick sandwich or slice of pizza.. For that Id walk across the street to the mall to get your coffee or junkfood fix...My complaints are small and this is one of the best places to stay in Vegas. For the hard partying types like myself its a toss up, definitely gentlemanly  and classy. Will be staying here again.
5	AMAZING!!!  I know this place is pricey compared to other hotels in Vegas, however you get what you pay for and then some!  The staff was amazing, from the bell hops to the pit bosses to the front desk, everyone is very professional and courteous.  The rooms are huge, clean, and modern(everything is remote controlled, blinds, privacy sign on the door, lights,etc.).  My sister lives in Vegas and when she came to check out the room she said, "Hands down, this is the nicest room I've ever seen in Vegas", and she's seen a lot of rooms.  My boyfriend and I won BIG in the casino too, and we didn't start out with much money.  A little side note, the bars in the casino serve a specialty drink called the Yuzu and Black Cherry Collins, TRY IT!!!  Most delicious drink I've ever had, I still dream about it!.  Overall, worth the extra money to stay here.
5	I'm in LOVE.... with Encore that is :) Stayed here this past weekend. The room was gorgeous and the beds... let's just say I slept like a baby. Can Mr. Steve Wynn be any more Fantastic! He puts so much detail into his hotels that when your walking around, your staring at every little design/decor (which is like art) around the hotel. I like how Wynn & Encore are connected. Made everything so much easier. My favorite thing in the room was the buttons by your bed that controlled everything. One push of a button and the curtains would open/close. Another push of a button.. the lights would turn off! I LOVE IT! TV in the restroom. The best idea ever. When i was getting ready to go out, I would be watching Beyonce music videos which kept me very entertained. I loved the his/ hers sinks too. I would definitely stay here again. Hopefully the hotel will be sending me another promotion soon! Otherwise, it can be a little pricey for one night. Encore, I hope you invite me back! :D
2	As soon as me and my girlfriends walked, I thought "Beautiful," loving it already. However, the service was horrible and we will never stay here ever again. Where do I start..?? The registration desk was not organized at all and very small. And it was in the middle of no where We expected the room to be bigger. It was nice, but expected much bigger, especially for what we paid for. Room service took forever. My girlfriend and I ordered a salad and Dumplings @ 3am. They told me over the phone that it was only going to take 30 to 40min. It took 60min and I was really upset. I mean if it was going to take that long, we would have just not ordered and went to sleep. When the food finally came, we of course gave the nice gentlemen our money, but needed change. He said that it was going to take 10min for him to come back with some change. Guess how long it actually took? Almost 1 hour. Jezz, again the nice man should have told us how long it was going to take. I called In Room-Dining twice and they promised that it's on it's way. The last time I called, they finally told me the truth about how my change will not get to my room shortly. They said they will quietly put it under the door. Basically, my girlfriend and I waited a total of 2 hours for our food and my stupid change. Finally, going to bed @ 5am in the morning with the rest of the girls. We get a suprise @ the door, it was security. The said that we were getting numerous complaints. They asked how many of us were actually staying in our room. Me being realistically, I told them 4 and they told me that 2 of us had to leave. OMG! It was 5 in the moring, they couldn't wait until noon to kick us out??!!Good thing my sisters friend's boyfriend was staying @ Planet Hollywood so the two of my girls left and stayed there. We are were so not ecstatic with the drama. We decided that morning, 5am to check out later that afternoon and plan on staying @ Palazoo (beautiful hotel btw and wonderful service). We were not going to pay another night and risk of getting kicked out.The next morning, the housekeeper opened our damn door w/o knocking. We did have a "Do not Disturb" sign up. So brainless I guess. We have stayed @ Ceasers, @ the Venetian, Planet Hollywood, and experienced much better service there. We will never come back to Encore.
4	Beautiful and classy hotel! Encore is really a sight to behold. Coming into the lobby and seeing the surrounding restaurants, shops, and pools--amazing. The casino is different in that it's not loud with the constant "dinging" coming from the slot machines. My room was just one of the basic rooms but it was roomy and comfortable. I didn't want to leave at the end of my stay. The only downside was that the room wasn't totally clean when I arrived. There was still trash in the trash can and there was some Mardi Gras beads hanging on one of the lamps. The view was amazing from my room though.The pools were really nice. They had a small and a big pool. The big pool was European but not a lot of people went "Euro" there. The only bad thing about the pool was the service. They have a bar next to the pool and waitresses going around but it seemed like if you were not renting a cabana or one of the beds in the pool--they didn't care about you and that sucked! I was in a party of 10 people in the pool and we didn't order any drinks until after we chased down 2 staff people. LAME! If it wasn't for the crap service and the cleanliness, I would give this place 5 stars. It's a great place to stay and I would totally consider going back.
5	high limit lounge has the best decor of all the casinos in vegas!!!!slots are super lucky too... i love playing baccarrat and penny slots here!!!and this place is home to my favorite club in las vegas! havn't stayed here yet, but i love to gamble here!
3	My cousins, friends, and I stayed here the weekend before the Fourth of July and it's definitely a nice hotel, but the crowd skews a little older than us and it's basically at the end of the strip.The room accommodated all six of us very well with a bed, a sofa that was surprisingly comfortable, and a roll away bed that I don't think we had to pay extra for. The room itself was very nice with floor to ceiling windows,  the view was basically just the Wynn hotel across the way, the pool, and a parking lot. The room had a large bathroom with a small flatscreen TV by the sinks that I don't think ever turned off. Of course, the decor and layout was all very nice and we got it at a good price (about $150/night).The room service was actually very good but the Encore and Wynn both have some great restaurants so unless it's really late, there isn't much reason to use it.As stated above, two of the main flaws were the crowds here which were definitely much older and more family oriented (even at the pool) for the six of us, and the fact that it is essentially at the end of the Strip but taxis are plentiful in Vegas.One major downside that I saw to such a high end hotel was that they charged for their Internet in 24 hour increments of $14.99. I have stayed at Marriotts and Holiday Inns where they have free Interent, so why not Steve Wynn's Encore? It can't really cost them that much and I'm sure aside from uploading some pictures and checking the occasional email the Internet is not the first thing on anyone's mind in Vegas. It just would have been a nice touch.The rooms here are really nice, but if you are expecting a party hotel everyone seems to recommend the MGM.
5	Beauty. Elegance. Ornate. The second you walk in you are hit with COLOR!! Red, black, white, orange, butterflys, flowers, peacocks, curtains, tassles and the list goes on. I dont think there was a single corner of this hotel was not decorated with something lovely. We booked 14 rooms for a sales retreat through work. Group Booking- Talk to Jojo. She was very helpful throughout the process and managed to get us a low price for two nights. The Wynn price and the Encore price were the same for group reservations. Dont expect ANY hookups though. They cant and could give us a single discount, resort, spa or any other credit for the group. I though Vegas was hurtin? Checkin- Very easy and fast. We had a friendly smile greet us and accomodate an early checkin for our group since we arrived at 1. Check in is normally at 4. The cool thing is your room key is your players card, charge card and room key all in one. Its a snazy...RED with your name printed on it. Room- BEAUTIFUL. Extremely modern, comfortalbe and has a seperate living room area that is so nice. Pictures would try and do it justice. It had a long hallway, HUGE closet, and mirrors everywhere which were so nice for a girl getting ready to go out! Bathroom- HUGE. Two sinks, nice shower with great shower pressure and the most amazing bathtub. The amenities smelled yucky (lemongrass) but im sure men would like it. TV in the bathroom was fun too. BEST PART OF THE ROOM- Remote controlled drapes, lights, curtains ect. One button and off and on. No more getting up from bed! Also each room has a doorbell, with a light for privacy or clening room. No more hangers!Pool- SLOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW service. I loved the design, allt he day beds, cabannas and the 20-30 year old scene ( no teeny boppers or families), super chic so thats why their service didnt hinder on my stars but seriously they lose so much money on drink and food just because they have like 2 servers for the whole place and they move like molasses. Took our group of 10 who was ready to DRINK about 45 minutes to get service. Even got up to get service 4 times!!!Honestly the service was good throughout the hotel, comfortable beds, and worth the price you pay. The casino isnt very big so you are not super overhwlemed to go from one end to the other. Walk to the Wynn is connected indoors and is a short walk which is nice. Cant wait to go back!
5	Great hotel, great staff and we had an awesome dealer at the Roulette table (his name is Dennis). Beds are so comfortable and the remote drapes are so dark that we lost track of time sleeping. We had such a great stay that we extended our vacation another day. I would definately stay here again.
4	I had the opportunity to stay at Mr. Wynn's swanky new hotel this past weekend and it's definitely one of the top places to stay on the Strip. If you've stayed at the Wynn before, expect the same level of top notch service, quality, and amenities. But is it the best? Not quite...If you didn't like the Wynn's pumpkin colored rooms, you'll find Encore a much more inviting place to indulge in, with a chic cream/black interior offset. The rooms are beautifully furnished with furniture pieces that exude modern luxury. Tasteful yet inviting.  While I liked how the bed and living areas are sectioned off by a "wall", it does make the room feel smaller and less airy. Still, I love the high class interior. The bathroom, while large, was a bit of a disappointment. It's very vanilla when compared to the amazing attention to detail and sense of opulence found inside the Venetian/Palazzo. It seems Wynn had to cut corners here cause it's rather lacking. Worse, our room had a loose shower handle which would droop lower, causing the water to get progressively hotter. Yikes! And the gap between the glass shower door allows water to seep through, creating a big puddle of water on the floor!That said, Encore is all about beauty, elegance and class. It's not as big as Wynn which is fine by me. Not quite sure what the hotel is trying to be with the casino floors flushed out in red and other contrasting colors sprinkled throughout , but the rooms are nice. Service is excellent. The pool is small compared to Wynn's.  I also liked gambling here - it's relaxing, spacious, and I've done well here...oddly enough I seem to lose at the Wynn. And getting into the XS club was the most hassle-free... that's epic coming from a guy!But is it the best hotel? Not quite. I still consider the Palazzo the new standard to beat and it takes the cake for best hotel in terms of overall room luxury, amenities, and value (size). But for overall experience, Encore is great.**T-Mobile users take note: There is little to no reception in this hotel, frustratingly enough.
4	This room was glorious.  We stayed on a Sunday night and it was the greatest room ever.  We managed to get a room overlooking the strip and it looked amazing at night.  The bed was comfortable the couch was comfortable.  The only reason it isn't 5 stars is because the hot tub was designed for midgets.  Otherwise a great place to stay and a great deal on weekdays as well.
5	oh my..... stay here if you can afford to!  its definitely pricey on the weekends but if you can, take work off on monday and stay sun-mon. you'll get a much cheaper rate!! (~$160/night)check in was a breeze. and the woman helping us was really friendly (even though she was foreign and i could barely understand her) but she was really helpful and got us a room on the 51st floor...which had a great view of the strip!the room is gorgeous! if you dont like looking at yourself then i suggest not staying here because they have full length mirrors everywhere in the room. the bathroom is spacious. w/ a tv and a phone near the toilet if you need to talk on the phone while you do your business...i guess...i love the curtain/drapes/light controller near the bed which is really convenient. and the flat screen tv swivels around so you can watch tv from your bed or on the L shaped couch in the living room.unfortunately we didnt get to check out xs, bc there was a long line even on a sunday night ...didnt want to want in it. apparently its a pool party on sunday nights. im not really sure what goes on at pool parties at clubs....annyyyyways, this trip was more to just relax rather than party and the room at encore was definitely relaxing and luxurious...
5	I love Steve Wynn. Seriously.All suites, all beautiful, gorgeous pool, great casino...I'm a happy happy girl.
5	Never occurred to me to review anything other than a restaurant, duh.  I stayed here in early June.  It was freakin' fantastic.  I loved it.  Everything. The room was incredible.  The bed was so large I couldn't see the other side of it; the large glass shower and the huge separate soaking tub, the separate room for the toilet.  The bathroom alone was bigger than other places I've stayed in Vegas.  The large living room with white leather sectional?  Elegant, but never went near it.  Too bad you don't spend much time in the room, but it is Vegas. The casino had excellent ventilation.  I'm from CA and we're all smoke-haters, but I had no problem here.  The staff were all great.  Can somebody tell me how I can write a thank you letter to Steve Wynn?PS:  I actually came back a net winner from the slots here, too.
5	I LOVE this hotel. Very friendly and welcoming staff, very plush interior, beautiful decor, classy restaurants, well decorated rooms, luxurious beds and a great pool (XS side is a European pool).  All I can say to sum it all is PLUSH and LUXURIOUS. This hotel is all about luxury and the little details to make everything spectacular.
3	Me and bf tried the $20 dollar trick and it worked!  So, you stick a 20 in between your credit card and ID, hand it to them, and say "I was wondering if you had any complimentary upgrades available?"  We got upgraded from a resort room to the panoramic suite.  The room is about 20% bigger and the view we had was AMAZING!  we had a beautiful view of the Encore pool, Wynn pool, and the Wynn golf course!  The only downside to  a room on this side of Encore is at night, the music from XS is super loud and can be heard from your room. I feel worse for the guests at Wynn since its closer.  They really need to sound proof their walls better.  The guests next door were super loud, yelling across the hall to their friends room and there was constant knocking on the door.  I kept thinking someone was knocking on our door.  After about the 4th time checking i gave up.  I was going to complain, but figure it would suck to rat on them.  At least the second night they were probably out the whole night and it was nice and quiet except for the loud beats coming from XS.  You can also here people talking down the hallway.  We ordered room service on Saturday night and ordered a bunch of food including two chicken noodle soups.  As the waiter was setting up the table for us in the room, he knocked over a glass of ice water into the chicken soup.  He quickly said sorry and said he would bring up a new one.  that was no problem.  He put the soup back in the cart and started to roll the cart back out of the room.  As he was doing this, the soup, which he did not cover was spilling out from the wheels of the cart and left two soup trails from the living room area of the room past our bed, past the bathroom and out into the hallway.  I guessed he realized this and i saw him using a towel to wipe the floor which is when i realized something had happened.  We had to wait for someone to come wipe down the sticky marble floor and then for someone to come clean the carpet.  THEN, my bf decided to shower and realized the cleaning lady took away our shampoo and did not replace it.  It wasn't even half used yet.  sigh.  Upon checkout i  was waiting by the cafe and witnessed the cafe hostess yelling at a tourist who was standing nearby for really, no reason at all.  She had asked him to move because she needed to bring down a sign to put on the floor.  He moved.  Apparently he did not move far enough because the next thing i noticed, shes yelling at him and saying " Excuse me!!  I told you very politely to move, so couldn't you just move a little bit farther? sigh *rolls her eyes* with LOTs of attitude"  WOW i was amazed.Encore is a really pretty hotel and the rooms are fabulous, but they still need to work on their service, especially for a highly rated hotel by Steve Wynn.
2	First off, I will say the hotel looks fabulous. The decor is amazing and it's connected to the Wynn with the La Reve show that you just cannot pass up. Unfortunately, my 2 stars only count for those two things. The party that I was with booked our flights and hotel through Expedia for convenience and price. We specifically picked the 2 queen beds which was more expensive on our Expedia reservation. When we checked in, the hotel said they could only give us the 1 king bed room. They said that Expedia only sent them the 1 king bed reservation and not a 2 queen bed room. But they would be able to give us a 2 queen bed room for an extra $50 a night. Fine that's fair. But we showed them the itinerary because we have proof that we PAID for that size room. Most hotels would give it to you because you have proof of confirmation. The front desk receptionist then pointed out that it's subject to availability. Well duh! You have it available, but still want $50 dollars??? That's BS. We also talked to the manager and refused to do anything about it until we called Expedia. So we called and had them talk to the front desk, and then the mgr agreed to give us the room, still charge us the additional money, but told us to have expedia call their accounting dept. It really wasn't that simple. 3 phone calls later and still nothing. Hoping they keep their word and will give us the credit back. When we checked out, I noticed there were many other ppl with very unhappy faces and a mile of complaints. I know ppl love to complain, but damn, that many ppl??Other than that, the room had a wonderful view, bed and pillows were comfy, big bathroom (only housekeeping wouldn't refill shampoo and conditioner unless we asked), pool was great (there's a European pool too i.e. topless), XS nightclub (must check it out, expect a long line unless you know someone at the door).However, I feel like I could've gotten those things at a different hotel. Next time, I'll spend my money elsewhere.
5	I am smitten with the ridiculously gorgeous, meticulously detailed design that is Encore. Rich contrasting colors and cool textures abound every nook and cranny. I'm only halfway kidding when I say the design team must have had a serious case of OCD. I want them to decorate my future house. OCD design crew: Call me!We hung out at the pool "family friendly" side. I liked the towel service and ice water stations. The bathrooms? The most elegant and clean you'll ever see in a pool environment. I walked over to the other pool area - it was much smaller and a lot more crowded. The gambling minimums were lame and the bartender gave my BF an attitude because he forgot his ID at the other pool, so he didn't want to serve him. Funny because he's well past legal drinking age. After that incident and the area nothing to hang around for, we went back to the other side and drank with abandon.Sadly, I did not have the luxury of staying the night. I merely sat inside my friends suite for a drink and a tour of what I would NOT be sleeping in and the breathtaking view I would not be enjoying while I (fill-in-the-blank) with my boyfriend.Soon, baby, soon..
5	BEAUTIFUL..BEAUTIFUL..BEAUTIFUL!!! I admit I'm no high roller, but I know good taste. This was the nicest hotel I've ever stayed in and one of the best views of Las Vegas from the hotel suite (especially @ night). For a group of nine females (Bachelorette party), it was a decent size room and the bathroom was the perfect fit..roomy and luxuriously designed for us BETCHolerettes! The decor throughout Encore was poppin' BRIGHT RED, but I didn't think it was too overpowering as some mentioned. Everything was very detailed from the floor to the ceiling, similar to Wynn! The staff was also friendly, willing to open the door with a greeting and welcoming smile.Unfortunately for me, it was too damn HOT and my sensitive skin couldn't tolerate the 115 degree HEAT sooo I didn't fully experience the outdoor pool so much..BUUUT I did have an unforgettable time @ their Club, XS (check on my review). The BEST CLUB evers!!!! I don't think I can ever club here in San Diego again...it just wouldn't be the same.I'd be so happy to stay @ Encore again!!! Anyone up for a Vegas trip? HOLLLAAA!!!
5	FANTASTIC!!! Once again I love the rooms at this hotel. To add to a previous review our check in process this time was awesome. Johnny checked us in and was really accomodating to our needs. We needed two connecting rooms, both with two beds in each as we were here for a bachelorette party. No hotel in Vegas guarantees a double bed room or a connection so we were worried. We also got $50 per room resort credit and information about XS. The property is completely gorgeous, small enough to feel like you have seen everything and honestly its SOOO CLEAN. Encore Pool- I LOVE THEE along with the Pineapple Mojitos at the bar. Delliiccious!
3	this hotel was nice...but that's all it was...NICE, i didn't think there was anything that special about it and i dont think i'd want to stay here again. we got there friday and the check was long, which i didn't mind. The guy at the front desk asked us if we wanted to upgrade to a room on the higher floors (59th to be exact) so we can get a view of the strip, so we paid extra for a good view. What i didn't expect was getting a view of the back side of the strip. Also, if we didn't turn on the AC we could hear the people upstairs partying and screaming. for a high class hotel, their walls are paper thin. I was pretty upset and called the front desk to switch rooms and their only response was that they were booked and that we would be put on a waiting list to switch rooms the next day. Secondly, it was our wedding weekend and a friend had sent us cakes to our room.. which the idiot hotel charged us for instead of our friend. Then when i called to ask for a couple of plates for the cake, Encore said there would be a $5 dollar charge for each plate sent up! WTF??? seriously? i swear that hotel would try to charge you for everything. The only saving grace to that hotel was their european pool and the great pineapple mojitos they served. besides that, their XS night felt like any other vegas night club...full of duchebags and girls dress in skimpy little outfits.
5	Really impressed with this hotel. Gorgeous, swanky, and excellent customer service. I'm no princess, so this far exceed any expectations I had :)The pool is actually a little small but really fun. It seemed pretty swarmed both days, but we didn't actually have any trouble getting seats. While we were there we hung out with our pals, Beyonce and Hugh Jackman (I got to swim with Wolverine!!), and we heard JT (Justin Timberlake) was on his way. This is just to point out, this place is HOT! Apparently XS is *the* club in Vegas right now...I was in the Double Queen Suite and actually spent 2.5 hours napping in my ridiculously comfortable bed before a legendary dinner at Picasso (Bellagio). A siesta is *highly* recommended in your Encore bed, and you will need it after a day in the sun! I also had a really cool view of the strip. The room came with a living room and foyer area with huge mirrors, was perfect for three girls dressing up :) The room service was delicious, however the already added 18% gratuity was a little annoying. The only other thing was, there was no internet access in the room! We desperately wanted to twitter our fab weekend to make friends jealous, but couldn't!Lastly, the Spa at Encore.If you're a spa junkie (like me), do yourself a favor at make an appointment at this Spa. It's serene, tranquil, and a serious pampering session. It's not cheap, I got the Good Luck Ritual ($250 before gratuity) but its worth every single penny of it. There's a steam room, suana, dipping pools (a must) and waterfall showers. All of this is included with the spa service, or you can pay $30 for itI totally recommend this place if you have the money!!
4	What we dug: the rooms - hipper, bigger and a little more luxurious than the Wynn's. Mojito and Margarita Happy Hour downstairs at the cafe.What we didn't - unless you are a serious baller, this place isn't all that much fun. The tables get pretty pricey on the weekends, and they don't comp ANY bar drinks which irked us. We're not some slummers that walk up, put a buck in, and order a drink. We were playing $10+ per hand/spin and for that I think the house could have afforded to comp our $15 cocktails, thankyouverymuch.overall impression: Great place to stay, eat, the Wynn euro pool is always a fun time. Not a great place to play if you are looking to gamble with a limited bankroll. Impressed that the line at XS starts at 7pm and was still 200+ deep at 2am when heading back to the room. Clearly I am getting old.
5	One of the perks to being Asian is having Asian friends with Asian dads with Asian gambling problems who get you comped two-night stays at the Encore.  Yay for mooching!Seven of us shared a kick-ass suite on the 35th floor that had two bedrooms with couch seating as well as a huge living room with tall windowed walls and a partially mirrored ceiling.  Two bathrooms and a smaller room with a massage table were also part of this absurd floor plan.  The room came equipped with a nice TV and a coffee table laden with all manner of fresh fruits and chocolaty sweets.  Everything was clean, spacious, and well-lit, with a tasteful off-white and cafe-au-lait color scheme.  The beds and seats were cloud comfortable.  I do believe this was the most opulent room I've ever had the pleasure of staying in.During the day, we lazed about in an Encore cabana by the huge pool, and it was sinfully relaxing.  We ordered food from the room service menu, and everything was delicious.  I would strongly recommend the breakfast pizza.The casino is great as well.  $25 blackjack was my choice this trip, and I played at various tables with friendly dealers at every one.  Too bad the Encore doesn't have its own poker room, but the Wynn is just an amble away.I had a glorious stay at the Encore and enjoyed my trip to Vegas at least in part because of my lodgings.  I hope to continue to mooch in the future, but I might even consider dropping my own dollar at this hotel.
4	Hmmm...3 or 4 stars??  What to do?  My BF & I stayed here recently and I guess the good outweighed the bad, although the bad was pretty unforgivable in my opinion.  The positive:  Helpful staff, almost no attitude thown my way, super clean in every area, nice decor (a bit TOO red, but it's Vegas, so tacky is expected), large room with a great bed, excellent AC, and good bathroom and shower, beautiful pool area.  The bad:  Long check-in line, one concierge queen with severely plucked eyebrows who was the only staff to throw attitude, $4 coffee, a 95 min wait to get into the buffet at dinner ( I thought I was gonna kill someone by the time we got to the register), pretty dirty windows on our "panoramic" view toward downtown (a panoramic view of streaks of filth), the nickel-and-diming they do with the fridge/mini bar (just be careful...they try to charge you if you remove something for 60 seconds), and finally, most notably TOO-THIN WALLS THAT SUBJECTED US TO THE ASSININE BRAYING OF OUR DRUNKEN NEIGHBORS TWO NIGHTS IN A ROW, which woke us up at 5AM the first time and 2:30AM the second.  NOT COOL, MR. WYNN!!!!!  The 2nd night I called the desk and spoke with a manager.  He said he could send up security or have US change rooms.  Excuse me, but they wake me up at 2:30AM yelling like idiots and I have to pack and move?  Um...no!  Shut them the hell up!  They did send up secuity I guess as the morons eventually quieted down, but we lost almost 2 hr sleep in the process.  Again, for a hotel this pretentious, the walls should be thicker.  The manager I spoke to the next day admitted there have been similar complaints, and he nicely comped our buffet charge, so I felt some gratification.  Anyway, it's basically a nice place, but beware the goblins in the shadows....
5	Rouge red hotness! Of all the luxurious Vegas resorts I've stayed at (Palazzo, Venetian, Bellagio), this one absolutely takes the cake. The people and the decor: trendy, chic and beautiful.There was absolutely nothing negative about our stay here. All of the staff was super friendly, the rooms fabulous, the food fantastic... really, I could not step foot outside the resort and be completely happy. I haven't been to Rehab Sunday or Wet Republic yet, but the Euro pool was a blast... after all, if you're the ones bringing the party, what does it matter where you go? Sure, there were some ladies that should have kept their bikini tops on, but you can't knock anyone who's comfortable in their own skin even if it's fake. Get to the pool by 9am to reserve prime lounge chairs, otherwise make some friends and offer to buy drinks in exchange for them.Encore = Ultimate Fabulosity.Btw, they have an incredible summer special going for $169/night through the beginning of Sept!
5	Just got back from 4 nights at Encore and loved it!!  The rooms were lovely, well appointed, and comfortable...very similar to the Wynn but different decor.  The suites are not as large as those at theHotel or the Palazzo, but are just as nice and comfortable.  The check in desk is very close to the entrance off the parking garage and the elevators are close-by, too, which makes getting in and out easy.  Great views of the pools, golf course and Strip, also.  The coffee bar served wonderful breakfast sandwiches!  I liked that the hotel is a little smaller and more low-key than the Wynn, but you are still so close to the action.  I also loved the Adult pool (topless bathing optional) w/ great service, it's own bar, lots of seating, and water coolers everywhere.  The staff came around to offer us free water bottles and fresh fruit one afternoon, which was a nice surprise.  The other "Family Pool" is a bit larger, but I prefer the more quiet adult pool w/ no kiddos screaming or splashing around.  All in all, it was a great stay and I will definitely be coming back to Encore!
5	The Encore made my vacation in Las Vegas.  Walking into the hotel, I felt that this is what all Las Vegas hotels and casinos should look like.  It was over the top without being tacky, the decor was chic and trendy.The rooms were fantastic.  I have seen that people have posted on here that the rooms aren't as big as some other hotels on the strip, but honestly, the rooms have plenty of space.  It's a hotel room, not a house!  The room was pretty much the size of my Washington, DC apartment.  You could practically park my bedroom in DC in the bathroom of our suite.  Speaking of the bathroom, it was beautiful and the shower is heavenly.I think the service here is incredible.  Everyone on staff was friendly and attentive.  I called down to the front desk after I discovered that all of the bedding was down (which I am allergic to) and someone was up to my room within minutes to remove the pillows and bedspread and replace them with equally luxurious hypo-allergenic bedding.Loved the salt water pool, even though it is smaller than the pool at the Wynn (which you also have access to as a guest at Encore, but guests at the Wynn do not have access to the Encore pool), there are less children at the Encore (definite plus) and the atmosphere great.  I suggest ordering a couple pina coladas while you are there, they are incredible.   Every time I left our hotel, I was dying to come back.  All the other casinos we visited appeared tacky and cheap in comparison.  Absolutely fabulous, and definitely the only place I would stay in Vegas.
5	The suites in this hotel are beautiful.  Visited some other hotels that had suites such as the venetian and they do not compare at all.  The only thing that other hotels can beat the encore in is the view...being on the north end of the strip and not the center..its hard to get a nice view unless you are staying on the higher floors.  But all in all..i loved the room..if you're going to vegas and want to get a nice suite..this should be at the top of your list.
5	clean. new seats at the slot machines. not too smokey. not too crowded (like the f-ing venetian). free $10 to play the slots (after signing up for the players club). i won $15! the most exciting hour i had in vegas.
5	EXCELLENT PLACE TO STAY IN VEGAS!  Great view of the strip from the 59th floor.  Rooms had everything.  Great poker room.  Easy walk down the strip to other hotels.  Walk right into the Wynn without leaving the building.  Great service and resturants.  RECOMMEND HIGHLY.
5	This is a beautiful addition to the Wynn, which we love.  The decor is very elegant - and very red.  Love the giant red chandeliers.  Spacious walkways, really nice bars, and of course, shops!  Short walk to the Wynn.  Love that I can play here and my points work for both Wynn and Encore.Haven't stayed here yet, but I'm sure we will one day.
5	Absolutely gorgeous!I booked at the Encore trusting that it would be a nice, modern, chic place to stay, and it definitely turned out to be! I am in love with the decor here.. all the bright colors that pop out, and lavish designs that come with it!Other reasons why I love this place:-the parking garage is very close to the rooms, and there is a digital sign indicating the # of spaces left. Useful!-NOT OVERCROWDED! you can actually get in and out of the hotel in a snap!-XS Nightclub.. duh!-beautiful pool area, although I never got to make my way down :\-beds are amazingly comfortable.. plus the down blanket that makes you feel like you're sleeping in a cloud-everything is VERY new and updated. They have a control center where all the lights/drapes/privacy signs are at a push of a button :)-Huge window which opens up the room a lot more-Wynn resorts have all-access hotel keys that you can use to charge anything to the room and gamble with for rewards points.. plus it's personalized!The ONLY problem we had here was waiting in line at the front desk (twice behind one guest ahead of us) for seriously 20 minutes just to activate our room key (we moved from a king to a double queen) or to ask for an extra room key. How can it take people 25 min to check in??Btw, their lobby cafe has an AMAZING Salmon Danish in the morning!Definitely would stay here again.
5	Encore is one of the more lavish and opulent hotels on the strip.  We booked a package online for 3 nights stay plus round trip ticket for $600 with $75 credit!  The rooms were huge.  The service are superb.  The casinos are close by.  The room doesn't stink like some of the hotels in Vegas.  The only problem we had was we wanted a late check out and was not available.... Definitely would stay here again!
5	I love, love, love, love, love the Encore.The first time I went was soon after it opened and my boyfriend treated me to a romantic weekend (which turned into a week, but that's another story).  We stayed in a regular suite as there were no rooms available in the Tower, and that was alright.  Upon arrival we couldn't find a luggage valet to save our lives, which bothered me greatly, and check in was very slow, but the room was quite nice for a standard room.  Very comfortable and I was expecting lots of red, as per the casino floor, but it was all very muted-chic.  I wasn't so much a fan of the television mid-room; it was impossible for someone to sleep and the other to watch television without a snarl or two ;)A few days later we moved to the Tower suites (and have since never gone back to the regular suites, some 4 visits later).  We stayed in a Parlor suite, and it is decadent - perhaps not quite to the extreme I was expecting (coming from Skylofts at MGM, nothing is quite as decadent as you'd hoped, I think) but gorgeous nonetheless.  The suite is enormous, the bed soft and comfortable, everything very new and shiny.  I LOVE the bathroom in the Parlor Suite - huge and gorgeous.  I'm not a fan of their Bambu product line, but whatever, small things.  Encore, as a whole, is over the top and very, very rich-feeling.  This is my favorite casino in Vegas and although I hate to admit it we've gotten to know the craps dealers awfully well.  Really great people who are lots of fun.  Encore staff, I have found, are very personable.  The decor is not for everyone, but I find it awfully inviting after coming from the dimly lit, dingy casinos elsewhere on the Strip.Love the personalized Red Cards (which are also your hotel room key).XS Nightclub - best club in Vegas.  Pure is over.  Sorry.  Goes with the rest of the Encore theme - rich, decadent, over the top, and SO COOL.  Service A+; I had a craving for a Bloody Mary and some poor barback went and fetched me one from the casino.  Needless to say he got tipped awfully well at night's end.The Spa at Encore is INSANE... go see it, if only to look around.  It's BEAUTIFUL, opulent, magnificent, astonishing.  Easily my favorite spa in Vegas, with the exception of a Four Seasons Essence of the Glaciers facial (or whatever they call it).  The services are wonderful, technicians well studied and professional, and there are beautiful pools and sitting areas in the spa.  They have these amazing heated stone loungers near one of the small pools that invite you in and then put you to sleep.  I've never been so comfortable in a public(ish) area before.Cannot wait to stay here again.
4	Me and my wife went to this hotel for our honeymoon. My wife picked the hotel because the rooms looked nice and because it's brand new. First impression when walking into the hotel was wow. The place looked beautiful. The casino was nice and clean and very fun yet professional looking. Our room was a nice size and very modern. The main thing that we did not like about the hotel was the $750 deposit we had to pay upon check in. We were there on our honeymoon and that along with relocating across the us, we didn't have a ton of extra cash. But after going back and fourth we were able to have them only take a $250 deposit so we had more money to just give them anyway in there casino. Lol. The deposit is $150 per day. All in all, this is still one of the best hotels in Vegas and if I ever go back there, I will deffinally stay there. I will just have to be sure I have more cash. Lol
5	I made a mistake of booking the Wynn, called their front desk and the lady was very helpful in switching me over to the Encore. I shared the room with 3 other friends, and my goal of going to Vegas was really to party and gamble, so I made one of those sofa as my bed as I wasn't in the room most of the time. It was actually pretty comfortable.While in the room, the only thing I wished was that the TV in the restroom is right in front of the tub so I can watch TV while taking a bath. It is pretty relaxing to sit there and watch TV. I recommend bringing some bubbles to take a bubble bath.. or bring a rubber ducky.. or bring your lover.
3	Yeah yeah, everybody says Encore/ Wynn is great, but I have to disagree with them. First of all, the reception sucks! We had a huge party staying in the hotel and had a really hard time to contact each other. Some carrier might be better than the others, but as I know, my Sprint and my friend's T-Mobile both failed. Secondly, although the resort suite claims it has 700 - 745 square feet , I feel like it's smaller than Venetian's Bella Suite Queen Queen, which is also a 700 square-feet suite. Venetian's Bella Suite Queen Queen also has two TVs in the room and a sofa bed but Encore Resort Suite only has one TV in the room and an L shape sofa. Also, it is far from all the bars/restaurants on the strip, both driving and walking would take a long time to anywhere else. Pros- the service in Encore is good and they gave us a add-on twin size bed for free. The pools were quite nice and I like the casinos very much. The clubs are cool but there's no special line/discount for hotel guests.
5	Very nice hotel indeed!  We were very happy with our stay.  Maybe one of the nicest we've been.  The rooms are spacious with very modern decor.  We especially enjoyed the pool.  They had an adult only european pool with great music.  We just hung out by the pool most of the day.  It was way too hot to walk around outside.  We also liked that the hotel was not overcrowded.  Would love to stay here again!
5	If you are going to stay anywhere in vegas stay at Ecnore! It may be a little more but right now they are running great promotions - but even at full price it is more than worth it. From the pool, spa, casino, staff, etc... everything is perfect. And unlike every other hotel/casino it is bright and beautiful. Every detail has been thought through. You will be blow away by the whimsical elegance. The rooms feel huge and the views are the best. Wynn is beautiful as well but Encore wins my vote. The casino is much smaller and overall it feels more personal and small in a good way. The only downside is it is on the north end of the strip and a good walk away from the center strip - which is really a bad thing because everything else doesn't compare anyway. No reason to leave the hotel. Except to see the cirque shows LOVE and Ka and O. Make sure you see these shows but just walking into the other hotels to get to them will make you appreciate Encore that much more. We have been there twice in the past few months and are going back for the Marathon in december!
5	You know what...this place is expensive but was I impressed with the service! I told my friend to use the $20 trick (where you slip the money between your credit card and ID), and it worked! Upgraded us to a suite where we got a separate living room and bedroom, as well as a full view of the city! Called housekeeping to get extra towels, sheets, blankets, and pillows and their response, "Certainly Ms. Chang. Is there anything else I can help you with or provide you with?" WOW. I expected them to sound annoyed that I was calling them at 1am and the fact that it's so obvious more than 4 people were sleeping in the room. Also, they gave us 2 roll away twin beds for free!I also called housekeeping before we left the hotel to clean our room, and they asked if we were going to be coming back within 2 hours. "Yes," I replied. And within 1 hour upon our arrival, the room was beautiful. WOWLastly, I called valet service to have our car ready by the time we get down there. Literally 5 minutes later, our car was waiting at the valet pickup. At this point, I had said to myself, "I'm going to yelp them!"My friend who got a deal at the Wynn through Gilt Group (the travel website), had commented that our hotel room was a lot better than theirs. For $170 more I would hope so...and definitely worth it!
5	I really like it, my favorite so far!
4	we've decided to give this place a 2nd try ... i want to give this place a 5 star since Encore totally hook us up: comp buffets, upgraded to panoramic view, a welcome fruit bowl waiting for us in the room. With the excellent services and the luxury room, i still cant give it a 5 star because of the following:1. what is up w/ the tv in the bathroom? why is it off to the side? i wish it was right in front of the bathtub so u can pamper yourself and relax while watching tv without turning your head to the side. 2. the room doesnt cool down as fast. Even though we set the thermostat to 60something degrees.. the bedroom side was still warm. however, what i really like about the encore is that their toilet is very.... i suppose the best word i can think of is: powerful.. when you flush it, it REALLY flushes everything and fast! SHWOOSH! lol It's not like one of those toilets where you have to hold on to the handle and the water slowly goes down.. no.. nothing like that.. Encore's immediately flushes everything w/ a light push on the handle.
5	As stated in my previous return, I shall stay here one day and I did and it was the best hotel I've ever stayed at.And the best part was I got an offer to stay here for $109/night plus $50 resort credit! Be sure to sign up for their player's card to get some awesome deals. Check-in was a breeze since it was a Tuesday at 9pm. I tried the $20 trick, but the man told me he couldn't accept it because they were booked because of the MAGIC convention. But he was nice enough to offer me a panoramic suite on the 56th floor. The only downside? The view was of Circus Circus and the Las Vegas Hilton - the boring side of the strip.Room was beautiful. My name was on the TV and phone. There was a TV in the bathroom (which I agree with others that I could've been in a better location), the bed was soft like a cloud, the TV spun, and the remote to control the lights and the curtains from the bed was amazing. I really liked how all the light switches were labeled and turned on all the lights in the room. I guess the rich don't need to waste time guessing which light switch controls what.Housekeeping/hotel staff was very nice on the phone. We asked for some toiletries and it was delivered in record time in a nice gift bag to take home. Also, they called me back asking if I received the shampoo/soap. A+ service.Pool was great! Being a weekday stay, there wasn't that many people, but I could see the place getting full on the weekends. The gf and I first were at the narrow pool with a good spot - until the loud, annoying children came. We moved to the european pool and it was much more quietier, but it had orange, leather-y boobies scattered throughout. Very chic place with the cabanas and beds on the water and more trees for shade. I think I need an encore stay at Encore.
2	So I'm not gonna lie, I was COMPLETELY disappointed with the Encore. My BF and I have stayed at the Wynn twice before and absolutely loved it. Since we had stayed in the past we both have our Red Cards and receive the promotions that come with it in the mail every so often. The last promotion we received was for the Encore and was for $109/night King Suites with $50 resort credit for staying two nights or more. With my BF and two friends birthdays coming up in the month of September the four of us decided to get two suites and celebrate. For months I bragged to our friends about how amazing the Wynn was and that I bet the Encore will be even better. We waited anxiously during the long month between our booking and the actual trip. We get there and are greeted by a beautiful lobby, over the top and so out there it's almost tacky, but it blends together as posh and classy. We are greeted immediately by someone who tells us to please stand in a specific line, though I can't remember what line that was (it was a special line). We waited for quite some time when another person came over and said she could help us right away at another computer. So we provide the lady our info, she pulls up the reservation, 2 suites with one couple in each suite, she offers us the upgrade to the 56th floor for an additional $20-$25 (which was odd because the last two trips to Wynn had upgrades on the house). So we take the upgrade, sign permission for the additional upgrade charge and go to our suites. The suites are beautiful. Love that the TV turns completely around so you can watch it in either the living space or the bed, comfy chase lounge, great detail throughout and, like the Wynn, a gorgeous bathroom. We had a room facing the strip south (beautiful) and our friends had a room facing the strip north and downtown. It started out wonderfully. So we put our orders in for in-room breakfast the next morning, down a couple drinks, and head for the buffet. We have been to the buffet numerous times, and it is our favorite on the strip. We made our friends fans as well. The trip goes to plan, loved the pool, loved the casino, in-room breakfast is always a treat. So here comes check out. We go down stairs and the line is insane. We're talking at least a 45 minute wait. So a gentleman comes by and asks if we would like to give him our room number and an email address and they will send our bill to us right away. I made it a point to ask him should there be discrepancies if we could call back for them to be resolved. He said of course, no problem. So 4 days later (which in Wynn language means "right away") we receive our bill. For $448 more than our original reservation. So I call billing immediately. They only work 8-3 Monday through Friday, which the receptionist called bankers hours. I want to work at that bank! So the next day I call billing and the girl proceeds to tell me that I signed for the additional $100 a night (which came to $400 all together, plus $48 for their 12% tax) in addition to the room up-sell and that in doing that I had agreed to paying $209 a night instead of $109. I nearly lost it. Her and I went round and round and finally she says, "Oh I see the problem, it's because additional people were staying in the room". There were two people in each room. I asked her "Do you really believe I'm going to take a vacation by myself and leave my partner at home?! The average person vacations with their other half." She keeps repeating to me that this was the reason and that I had agreed to it at check in. I finally asked to speak to a supervisor who immediately knew what the problem was. See, when I made the reservation I asked for 2 rooms for 4 people. The computer supposedly took this as 2 rooms with 4 people in each. She admitted they were wrong and promised me it would be taken care of and I should see the new correct bill in a couple days. Now 10 days later, with no new bill and no activity on my credit card I call back the billing department. I speak to some guy who says he sees the notes in my portfolio to correct the bill, but that no action has been taken on it. I nearly lost it again. I began asking him questions and you could tell through his phone demeanor he was getting irritated that I wouldn't just let him get off the phone and get back to the laughing I could hear in the background. He finally says he'll have to look through the bills to see what he can do and he will get back to me this evening or tomorrow. No call tonight, have a feeling I won't get one tomorrow. I love the Wynn, I really do, but I'm sad to say this may have been my last trip there. They lost an incredibly loyal fan. I hope no one else has to go through the mismanagement of this resort like we did.
5	LOOOOVED this hotel!  Not only did we get a super deal ($109/night + upgrade to panoramic suite on a holiday weekend), but we also got a mini-fridge and rollaway bed for free (since obviously we were cramming 8 people in 1 room).  No questions asked when we requested for 8 room keys (which are also your player's card), extra towels and blankets.  Your room key gives you access to all the Wynn stuff too, like the pool.  Only crappy thing is that our panoramic view was of Circus Circus and Ross instead of the better side of the Strip.There are mirrors EVERYWHERE!  Which is great when you have 8 girls in one room so no fighting to find space to do our makeup.  We were drunk, loud, jumping on the bed with the TV on some music channel and did not get a single complaint, haha.  Loved how the TV swivels around from the bed to the living room.I did end up losing a lot of money gambling here but whatever, haha.  Tables here are pricey but cheaper than the Wynn!  There's only 1 table of my favorite, blackjack switch. Will definitely stay here again when I find another sweet hotel deal!
4	Went there with a small group of friends this labor day weekend, and was impressed.  This place had pretty much everything you could ask for in a nice hotel.  Nice lounges to smoke cigars and share drinks with friends, a nice open floor layout, pleasant and very quick cocktail waitresses, great room service, very comfortable rooms, hot cocktail waitresses, a great crowd at night for XS, hot cocktail waitresses...even their roll-away beds were awesome -- It felt like my roll-away bed had never been used.  Definitely a fan of this place.
5	The Encore hotel is money. From the elevator of the parking lot to the front door of your suite, it was magical. Yes, I used magical. It's okay, I can use magical because I'm comfortable with myself.The first thing you notice about Encore is red and butterflies. Man were there butterfly patterns everywhere. I could of sworn I even saw butterflies inside the urinals at the men's room. We stayed at the King Resort Suite and it was great. Coming from someone who's only stayed at Monte Carlo and Flamingo, this place was like the Lobster of seafood. From now on, when I mention greatness I will say "now that's lobster". Bathroom, awesome (includes a glass shower room that will keep heat in forever, a bathtub that will fit two people or one very fat man, and a flat screen TV to watch your stories). Bedroom, awesome. I believe the thread count of the sheet were a billion. Living room with remote controlled shades, awesome. $5.00 powerade in the mini-fridge, not so awesome, but what do you expect. I had a great view of the strip on the 34th floor, and a nice view of the sad peasants that walked below my palace. (side effects from staying at Encore: Sense of superiority and a sudden feeling of "godliness")
5	Honestly, I haven't stayed at many hotels, but this place is pratically almost heaven - and I mean the rooms. The structure and making of the room is nothing but elegance and topped with tech savvy goodies -of course to your convenience.The rooms or this hotel gives off the modernistic feeling. All your lighting and shades are controlled by a remote that is next to your bed. Even your entrance and signs are techy. No more "do not disturb signs" because all you have to do is press a button and the message shows up on the other side of the door. And you even have a doorbell. I think all they have are suites, but of course the suites come in levels. You want to live like a king or queen check out the tower suites.Enough about the rooms. The lobby has a garden. There's a inside walk-way that connects The Encore and Wynn Hotel by lining it with stores and shops.Although if you're there to gamble- which is definite- the casino in Encore is pretty small so you might have to hike into The Wynn to gamble. They have more table games if that's what you are looking for. Encore has tables but mostly slots.Result: I will definitely go back!!!
5	You know when you go out and you see a guy and your eyes meet across the room, there's that rush of energy and you just know that you're meant for each other?Yeah, I've never felt that either, but I would imagine that it would be something like what I felt when my eyes met my room at Encore.  At $160 a night, it was a steal at the end of summer.Everything was gorgeous and perfect from the friendly doorman to the immaculately clean room.We arrived and there were three people opening doors for us, greeting us and directing us to the registration desk.  The girl at the desk was super friendly and gave us an upgrade to a high floor room with a strip view because we were there for my bf's birthday.The elevator does this great gust of wind thing that blows your hair back when you get on, although it's probably not the best if you've spent hours doing your hair.We go up to the room and we have an amazing view of the Wynn hotel and the golf course.  The strip view is a little bit obscured because of the Wynn but you can make out some of the hotels and things.  I loveeeeeeddddddd that the windows were floor to ceiling with power curtains.  The lights, the curtains and the privacy light are all controlled from a little panel near the bed and all operate at the touch of a  button.I could spend another hour describing this room for you, but then that's another huge chunk of text you'd have to read and another chunk of time you're spending NOT IN VEGAS AT ENCORE.  Stop debating and just book your room already.  It's so worth it.
4	Last month I stayed stayed at the Encore with my girlfriend as part of her first trip ever to Las Vegas. Now, I've been to Vegas dozens of times before but this place was so beyond my previous Vegas hotel experiences that in a way it felt like it was my first time as well. While I was use to a standard room being somewhere in the neighborhood of 350 - 400 square feet, the Encore's standard rooms are 700 - 740 square feet and feature floor to ceiling windows. We may not have been lucky enough to get a view of the strip but when you're 63 floors up, any twinkling cityscape is romantic at night.The casino floor was also a sight to see. The spider marble that seemed to be everywhere you look, the huge hand blown glass fixtures and chandeliers the populate the entire casino, the naturally lit garden and shopping areas, the stylized butterflies that permeate the entire motif and every last little detail all come together to redefine for me what a casino should be. Not once did I look someplace and feel that it was kitschy or cheap. And if you're into high end shopping, the stores offer so much upscale variety that as we were walking through the shopping area my girlfriend had to tell me to take her by the hand and pull her along lest she stop dead in her tracks every five steps when yet another beautiful and expensive object would catch her eye. Even the hotel's cafe was beyond expectation. Most Vegas hotel cafes seem to be little more than a convenient place to get a slightly overpriced club sandwich at three in the morning when you're drunk and ready to turn in for the night. At the Encore's society cafe however, they not only have menu items that  go well beyond what you'd be able to get at the local Denny's but also arrives at your table freshly and beautifully prepared.The reasons that I am not giving the Encore five stars are somewhat minor but I still feel that they interfered with the trip being absolutely perfect. When we first arrived all the computers were down and we had to wait something like two to three hours before we could check in. I understand that everyone has technical problems but I really think that a major operation should have some kind of backup system so they can at least process people while their computers are freaking out. Another disappointment was that the pool seemed to close way too early and my girlfriend and I ultimately never got a chance to use it. I just don't see why they can't keep it open to adults on into the evening especially considering that even after nightfall it had to be a good 90 degrees outside. The third issue I had was a little incident that occurred after my girlfriend and I had gotten back to the hotel and were standing around for a few minutes before going back to the room. We had been walking around and just generally enjoying ourselves all day and my girlfriend's shoes had been making her feet sore so she decided to take them of for a moment. We were quickly approached by someone who insisted that she put her shoes back on. Admittedly this is really minor and I understand them enforcing a dress code but it still rubbed me the wrong way, especially because there didn't seem to be any courtesy in the way it was said. My only major complaint was that there was no shuttle service. In the past, one could take a shuttle to the convention center and catch the monorail to travel up and down the strip. For one reason or another when we were there this was not an available option and we had to walk all the way through the resort, past the venetian and through Harrah's just to catch the monorail. By the second night we just said "screw it" and took cabs.Over all it was still the best time I had ever had in Vegas. I just hope that there are more transportation options the next time I go.
5	To celebrate our 1 year anniversary, my husband and I decided to take a trip to Las Vegas...because really, what says "I love you" more than a long weekend in Sin City? We had our hearts set on staying at the Palazzo at the Venetian but the prices were really high and we didn't want to risk booking at the last minute so we went with a friend's recommendation for Encore, which was having a better promotion, and we were not disappointed.  The very first thing I noticed when I walked into the lobby was that everything was red: carpet, ceilings, even the chandeliers!  Encore's been open for about a year and it really shows as well.  Everything was spotless and I really liked the the modern decor.  We booked the King Resort Suite where it overlooked the pools (yes, Encore has 2 pools...more about that later).  We loved the open layout of the suite.  The long hallway included the luxurious bathroom to the right with double sinks, a shower, a bathtub and of course the flat screen TV.  Continuing down the hallway there was a spacious closet which had a large dresser which was a great space saving touch and much needed for all of our things.  The bedroom and living area was divided by yet another dresser with a larger flat screen which could turn either way depending on where you wanted to watch.   Now, about the pools.  Most hotels only have 1 pool and that pool is usually crowded with small screaming children and stressed out parents trying to keep them under control.  At Encore they have that pool, but they also have what's called the European Pool for adults over 21.  If I could only give one reason for coming back to Encore, it's because of the European Pool, which also doubles as the pool for the XS club at night.  I was greeted by nice pool staff who helped me to set up in a nice area by the pool and got my drink orders quickly.  Towels were also replaced efficiently so I always had a fresh one at hand.  I miss that pool so much!It was also nice that Encore flowed pretty seamlessly into the Wynn where we enjoyed more wonderful food (more about that in reviews to come!).  Although we had our original misgivings since it is located pretty far from the middle of the strip, we found that we really enjoyed the quietness of its location and the ease of getting a free cab for the trips to other parts of the strip.  We will definitely stay here again next time we find ourselves in Las Vegas!
1	I will NEVER in my life stay at this hotel ever again.  Let me begin by saying, "Who goes to Vegas for a relaxing vacation??"  If you want to relax, go somewhere quiet... people go to Vegas to gamble and party. My friends and I decided to stay here because it was the new Hotel on the perfect side of the strip, plus we'd already stayed at The Palazzo, The Venetian, Caeser's Palace, Planet Hollywood, The Hard Rock, MGM, and Paris.  All of which were good if not great hotels. Our suite at Encore was ridiculously small for the amount we were paying (you can get double the size anywhere else).  But it was at the end of the hall where there was really only 1 room to the left of us.  .  We were in the room a total of maybe 3 hours before we went out to the club.  In those 3 hours we got 3 noise complaints because of the music that was playing while we got ready.  REALLY??? Again, who expects it to be QUIET in Vegas.  Then when 2 of my friends came back to the room early, they ordered room service that didn't come til about an hour and 15 minutes later, when they told them 45 minutes.  Then on top of that, the change didn't come until 2 hours later, when they said they would back up with in in 10 minutes.  So, I come back to the room at about 4:00 am, about an hour later a manager knocks on the door and tells us that 2 of us need to leave the room because we got another noise complaint!!  Really, seriously... I hate to say it again, but we're in VEGAS. Luckily, my friend's boyfriend had a room at Planet Hollywood so we just went over there.I may be a little jaded thinking that most people party when they come to Vegas, but I don't think it's practical to actually try and get decent sleep at an early hour here.  I've been out to Vegas more times than I can even count and have never experienced anything like that before.  We were booked for two nights, but checked out the following morning and stayed the next night at The PALAZZO (BEST HOTEL IN VEGAS)!! The only good thing about Encore is its club XS.  It is a beautiful venue, but if you want an awesome Upscale hotel, that won't give you a hard time I would recommend any other hotel on that side of the strip (such as the Palazzo, The Venetian, or Caeser's Palace).
5	So on a recent trip to Vegas, the bf & I stayed at Encore (yes, once again. I just love this place!) and I had a little too much fun in the sun (no food, no water, 3-4 hours in the sun, and a few sips of alcohol) and I ended up fainting in the bathroom.. After the little incident, some of the staff members helped me and they were VERY attentive. They made sure I was fine, asked if I needed paramedics and even checked up on me on the day that I was leaving. The details of Wynn and Encore is amazing. The staff members are attentive, helpful, and courteous and will help you with anything you need. The decor of both hotels is of course gorgeous and everything is clean and unlike many casinos, it doesn't have the overwhelming, stale scent of cigarettes.
5	LOVE this hotel. Right from the start of our stay until the end, the service and ammenities were outstanding. Beautiful suites with one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept on. Loved it so much, I bought a set of the Wynn sheets to take home with me.
4	Huge suites - insanely comfortable beds - remote control curtains and lights - gigantic bathroom! I have to say that Steve Wynn knows luxury!The cons were the Encore pool - didn't like the openess of the set up.  I preferred going over to the Wynn Pool.  Also, the food options at Wynn were a little more attractive.  The omlette at the Terrace Cafe was scrumptious.  And did I mention there is free Wi-Fi at the Terrace?  I mean 13.95 in your room for internet or $13.95 for pancakes and Wi-Fi? Need you hesitate......
5	This is the best hotel that I have stayed in my life. If you go to Vegas, you wouldn't need to leave the hotel because it has it all. it means:*It has the biggest club in vegas which is XS. It fits about 1000 people.  *Casino is gorgeous and guess what? it doesn't smell despite people is allowed to smoke. *Room service is outstanding. We ordered pizza at 4:30 am after a wild night and it took 30 mins for them to deliver the pizza. *The pool is quite hot. Especially the people who goes to the European pool. *The rooms now have couches so they are called suites *Free parking lot with easy entrance from LA Blvd for those who drive from LA. *Drinks at the pool are very well done. Try their strawberry mojito*Rooms are quite clean and neat.
4	We stayed at the Encore over the 4th of July holiday and had a great time.  The rooms are great and I love how the drapes are all on remote control!  They have two pools, one is for adults only and you can go topless and the other more family oriented.  Whichever pool you choose I recommend you get out there early, it gets so packed  and hard to find prime seating facing the sun.  The hotel itself is beautiful, I loved the stores and the decorations and the whole vibe, I would highly recommend this hotel, it's the nicest one I've stayed at in Vegas and I've stayed at many.
5	As good as it gets is an understatement for this glorious hotel/casino.  Wynn outdid himself when he created Encore, considered the sexy little sister to Wynn right next door.  I was in love from the moment I walked in.  The customer service was impeccable, I mean their innate ability to kiss my ass was phenomenal, leaving me with a feeling of importance and comfortability.  I came with my family to celebrate an important occasion, my mothers' 50th birthday.  I wanted her to feel special and so I upgraded us to the Salon Suite.  Well, the room was alright...just kidding, it was a palace, a room for the Gods, it was gorgeous, amazing, a touch superfluous, and absolutely perfect.  From the massage room, to the bathroom that is larger than most one bedroom apartments, to the panoramic views of the skyline, every touch was the epitome of class and elegance.  Not only was the room perfect, but not five minutes after we had closed our doors, we heard a bell at the door.  A cake was brought up with candles that said 'Happy Birthday" and that literally sealed the deal for me.  I have been to many other casino/hotel/resorts of this caliber before but none have outdone themselves like the Encore had.  This hotel is quintessential perfection and should be adorned with accolades and should be adored by everyone.
3	Meh.  Service is sub-par, great amenities and food and drink all very good.  The good:  The rooms are fabulous.  Spacious with every amenity you could hope forThe bad.  Ok, still some Vegas cheese, not the well-heeled scene you would expect and I simply don't get the chintzy red chandeliers and freaky butterfly motifThe ugly.  The service blew.  From the checkin line, to the complete lack of room service(room never made up), to the fact that I was put in a SMOKING room.  Yes, they do exist and if you're not careful, they might put you in one too.The one thing I did like was the fancy scale in the bathroom that weighed me in at a positively anorexic 88.6 lbs.  So I bought the scale, never to return to the Encore.
4	This place was really nice... but too expensive.  They nickel and dimed for everything.  The only casual option for food was all the way at the Wynn.  The room was beautiful and bed was comfortable... but the walls were so thin you could hear EVERYTHING- which made it hard to sleep.  The spa was a fabulous treat, and the restaurant Society cafe was delicious.  Overall a good experience.
3	I like booking hotels in Vegas that offer suites as their standard rooms. Having a suite provides a "home base" for the various members of my party to meet, have some cocktails, regroup, etc. On the past several trips that I have made to Vegas I have stayed at the Palazzo (which I love) and decided for this trip it was time for a change...why not check out the new hotel? I will start with the things that I enjoyed about the Encore. First of all it is easy to navigate and easy to get to the rooms. I enjoyed the adult pool area, despite our flakey server and rude guys next to us. Unfortunately, that is about it for the things that I liked. As far as the rooms themselves go the rooms at Palazzo are far better for the purposes of a group like mine. First of all, the sofas at Palazzo pull out into beds so you have that extra space if you need it. (They are also larger and provide more seating). The swivel TV I thought was incredibly lame, Steve Wynn can't spring for 2 TVs in every room? I'm not sure where it would have gone though, since it felt that these rooms were smaller than the rooms at Palazzo. (I have a feeling they were wider and not as long...) There was essentially no counter space to put anything (jewelry, a bottle of vodka...) In addition, it is pretty far down the strip, a good walk to most places. While we were there the hotel experienced a loss of hot water. FOR AN ENTIRE DAY. They actually were suggesting to people that they walk over to the Wynn and shower at the Spa there. Really? That is all you can suggest? We must have been the first wave of irate guests, when we went to the front desk to find out what was up they were simply apologizing and not offering any sort of compensation. After a short time they offered us a $50 credit, and then extended that to all of the hotel guests. Personally, I do not think a $50 was adequate compensation for a hotel that supposed to be the new luxury destination in Vegas. I do not think that the Encore will be on my list of hotels to stay at again. In fact, my experience there leads me to question what staying at the Wynn would be like. I have a feeling that I will just continue to stick with the Palazzo.
4	So one thing came to mind the second my boyfriend and I walked into Encore to check in: Sesame Street.Why, you ask?"One of these things is not like the others,One of these things just doesn't belong,Can you tell which thing is not like the othersBy the time I finish my song?Did you guess which thing was not like the others?Did you guess which thing just doesn't belong?If you guessed this [girl] is not like the others,Then you're absolutely...right! "You're damn right I had a coupon to stay here. And it was a $#%#$ good one too! We got a promo code from my dad that upgraded us to a King Suite at  Encore in addition to free tickets to see Le Reve, a $50 dining credit, and free $25 slot play. All for what ended up being $100 a night!Vegas on a budget brought us to one of the most fancy shmancy we-have-rolls-royces-with-customized-license-plates hotels on the strip. Innnteresting.The hotel is beautiful. Gorgeous. Stunning. We were greeted by a friendly staff, checked in promptly and made our way up to a gigantic ~750 sq foot room.It was decked out with all kinds of technology...modern decor, automatic lighting - from a mega remote near the bed - electronic blinds/shades that open at the press of a button.Too bad I failed miserably by pressing the "all lights on" instead of "night light" button in the middle of the night , sending a surge of what felt like rays from damn sun throughout the entire room.Whoopsie. This is why you dont people like me, in establishments like that. That's all I gotta say.The only reason why I didn't give Encore 5 stars was because our water temperature seemed to never quite get hot enough and the bathroom is SO large that it didn't retain the heat very well. So stepping out from a semi-warm shower into an incredibly cold room was not too pleasant, even if the complimentary robe was hanging over there - waaaay over there - on the wall.Also: wtf is up with the toilets? Were they made for giants?! That thing is hella uncomfortable to sit on when you gotta... uhh ... sit for a prolonged period of time. And I'll be straight with you: yeah, I had to sit for a prolonged period of time because I got the stomach flu 2 days into being in Vegas! TMI? Well too damn bad. The toilet is so tall that only the balls of my feet  touched the floor and I felt like a need a little foot rest in front of me to be comfortable.All in all, I spent a lot of time doing all sorts of stomach-flu-related-practices in my hotel room and was probably as comfortable as I could have imagined. The bed was huge and comfortable, the pillows and blankets were goose-down and very cloud-like, and it was very calm atmosphere in general.Regardless if you stay here or not, you must must must see Le Reve, which is at the Wynn Theater. It was a phenomenal show and even though we did not pay for our $250 comped tickets, it is worth the price (: I must be honest and say that next time we may try and stay somewhere else for a change of scenary, but Encore is a beautiful place to come 'home' to!
5	I honestly loved staying here.. I stayed in a King Bed Suite, which had a heavenly bed provided to comfort my intoxicated butt every night I was there..  The room looked chic and classy.. It was equipped with everything that we needed.. Glass shower doors, spacious bath tub and multiple sinks.. Bathrobes provided for those love birds.. Plenty of room for closet space for your party wear..long couch with a great view of the strip.. ( even though the windows felt kind of wobbly that it scared me )  Unfortunately, my friends and I wanted the linked suites but we weren't able to get that.  Our doors were still right next to each other though so that was cool.  I especially enjoyed the poolside.. Great pool areas.. Plenty of pool chairs.. even though i say plenty.. you still have to get your hawk eyes ready to find a spot since the hotel is packed with buff men and sexy women walking around their swimwear!  We got a few drinks by the poolside.. 2 drinks for a total of $30.. That is typical vegas prices so I wasn't surprised! But my margarita on the rocks and mojito were delicious and refreshing for a hot day!!!  They gave each hotel guest 2 towels: 1 for the chair and 1 for our bodies.. Service was great especially where I was able to spot a hot toned hapa lifeguard. :)Thank you security and whoever that helped me out the last night I was there at Encore...and to those that helped escort me to my suite.. That will be a one in a lifetime night for me.. I excuse my excessive alcohol consumption that I was unaware of doing...
5	I've stayed at many a resort in Vegas and I have to say the Encore is the best I've ever experienced.It's saying something when I've stayed at the Wynn and used the same high praise to describe the Wynn only to have the Encore shatter all expectations and make me feel, if only for a couple of days, like a big baller shot-caller extraordinaire. The staff is truly helpful during check-in to help you maximize your stay. TIP: For an extra $20 you can have them upgrade the view of your room to a strip view which I'd recommend is the way to go.It's amazing and the perfect way to go if you're staying in Vegas. It's "perfmazing" (yeah, I made up a word to describe the how sweet it is) and I think the true testament to the resort is that when you plunk onto the bed, you're tempted to stay in the room for all it's glorious comfort. My buddy visited our room and described it as "a work of art" and even though he was a little drunk, he hit the nail on the head.  The last two times I've come to Vegas and stayed at the Wynn and Encore and it was all beautiful and really the most pleasant experiences I've had to date. They really do cater to you like no other. Take, for example, when I won a free buffet for two and the person working the Red Card desk gave me a line pass to go along with it or when the room is turned down and they arrange all my toiletries neatly for me. Talk about 5-star customer service.I've been to the Spa and used their gym facilities before and it is worth every bit of the $35 for a day pass. Then again, I just like lounging in a bathrobe. This time, I was able to check out both the Wynn and Encore pools and they are amazing. The European pool was not as happening as advertised but Camellia C. was able to alert me of some fake boobs out on display and so it was definitely an event. Still, it just adds to the fun you'll have lounging at the pool. I've had nothing but great memories staying at the Encore with the my previous visit being one of the best times of my life. You might find yourself staying up until 5am just wandering around and admiring this place and then grabbing a bite to eat at Zooza Crackers only to find that you're still as energetic as ever. My recent visit was again top-notch and was a true 5-star resort experience and was something I could definitely get used to. So if you like being doted on or living in the lap of luxury then this is the resort for you. It's spoiled me to the point where I'm not sure I want to stay at other resorts. Instead, I feel like coming back for an "Encore." Okay, ignore the cheesiness and trust me when I say that you'll have a fantastic time here too.
4	Stayed at the Encore for Connie's birthday girls' weekend this past weekend.  It was a BLAST!  I loved that it still is so new, and the casino was a bit brighter too which was nice.  There was a "taste of Wynn" event going on where all the restaurants were doing 3 course prix fixe starting at $29.  We were also able to talk a pit boss down on the minimum bet on an empty table so we could afford gambling.  I guess the down economy is hurting them too.The European pool was nice and quiet on a Sunday morning, walking thru the spa made me realized that I'll definitely have to try it next time (and maybe take some photos there).Everything was excellent, except for the price tag.  While all the other hotels are having ~$100 a night specials we still paid ~$400 a night for this place and so, minus one star!
2	I'm gonna be one of the few dissenters here and say that Encore is not all that. Why you ask....well....First, I was SUPER excited to stay at this hotel. From the website and reviews, it seemed like it was gonna be one of the greatest experiences ever in Vegas. What's not to be excited about? Newest hotel on the strip, beautiful decor, huge rooms, amazing restaurants and the hottest club (currently) in Vegas. How can I possibly give it a 2 star rating? Let me explain....For starters, it's billed as a 5 star resort. As such, I have some expectations on the service that I receive. While at Encore I have to say that the service was less than stellar. Our limo arrived around 11 ish and did anyone greet us? Nope. We were packed for a 2 week vacation and had some luggage. No one came out to assist. Fair enough. Then, the bellhops see that we have this luggage and you think they open the door? Nope. Funny, at the Palazzo and the Venetian the are falling over each other to help. These guys just all turned the other way. Not welcoming at all. Yes, I'm nitpicking, but you know what? You say you are all about the service, yet our experience was that we were a nuisance vs. a guest.Next, we got to check-in. Like many have already said, it is absolutely terrible. Not nearly enough people working to accommodate the amount of people checking in. Took almost 40 min. to check in. And the lady had a tude, never asked if we wanted an upgrade, if we wanted to schedule any services (spa, cabana, things I specifically asked for when I made the reservation), nothing. Hmmm...def not what I expect in a 5 star resort. So, we get to our room on the 60th floor. It's an amazing view....of the Hilton and Circus Circus. Thanks for nothing front desk lady. Now the room itself was actually gorgeous. Super comfortable bed, nice amenities, huge bathroom, exactly what I was expecting. No complaints on the room except the view. Would like to have had a view of the Strip facing all the action, not the decaying part of old Vegas. Room service, however, was non-existant. We did not see them for 3 days. 5 star service it was not. Never cleaned the room (not that it was messy) but c'mon at least come in and vacuum, replace the towels and that jazz. Is that too much to ask???The pool, again, was beautiful but if you get there after 10am in the summer, good luck finding a few chairs for your party unless you spring for a cabana. Frustrating for sure, not finding a place to lay out, but that's our fault for being late not the hotels (but, would it hurt to open up a few of the unsold cabana lounge chairs that NO ONE was using for 2 hrs??)The restaurants were OK at best. Went to Wazuzu for lunch one day and Switch for dinner. Wazuzu was decent, but again we had a surly server, and Switch was just plain annoying after awhile. Never even made it to the casino. Our travel companion went down one night and said they charged him $14 for a drink while he was gambling. What casino in Vegas does that? Encore, that's who. All in all, I can't say that we had a great time and that we would stay again. Next time we'll just stick to the Venetian or the Palazzo. I would suggest you do the same too.
2	The Encore is the low-end hotel affiliated with the Wynn. It is important one understands it is a very small casino and is not a serious destination for people who want to enjoy Las Vegas.A few notes:1. As mentioned before, check-in is understaffed and people working the check-in counter are either poorly trained or unmotivated. I had to ASK twice for an upgrade, the upgrade was not as described.2. The food options in the hotel after 11pm were no where to be found. 3. The casino is small and unimpressive. My colleague and I played $700 on roulette in 20 minutes and did not hear from or get the attention of a host.4. The rooms are fine looking, but are poorly circulated and have a poor view of the strip or a view of old town (which is no fun to look at).5. I like a good cigar, the humidors in the shop and at the bar are so poorly humidified, they are like rock hard candy. Generally, speaking, it is not like THEHotel, Venitian or Bellagio in any way. It looks like something special, but looks are where it ends. I just would not return for any reason.
5	I had the pleasure of staying at the Encore three nights comped by Mr. Wynn. Thank you Mr. Wynn!The hotel room itself is beautiful kind of like a Miami meets Paris fusion 2009 style. Large spacious rooms and state of the art tvs and lamps and shades that close completely so you can go to sleep at 8am when the suns out LOL.The pool is supposed to be amazing and topless. I was busy for I came up there for the Pacquiao vs Ricky Hatton fight so unfortunately I could not hit the pool but next time I definitely will!Mr. Wynn feel free to comp me at any of your casinos any time!
4	If Steve Wynn built The Wynn for his wife, did he then build The Encore for his girlfriend? ... ;)I am a HUGE fan of The Wynn ... In fact, when traveling for fun I will only stay at The Wynn ... I'm spoiled. What can I say.For Encore ... Take The Wynn + Red + Butterflies + Newer + Glossy + Classy ... LOVE IT!  Did I mention red?  How about butterflies?  Those would be the 2 themes of The Encore ... From the ceilings, to the chandeliers to the walls and the carpets ... I only have 4 stars at Encore so far as I haven't stayed here - only partaken of the wonderful amenities for non-guests.  Once I've stayed, stay tuned for another review ...
2	Friendly staff. nice decor. Rooms were very nice. Spa is extravagant but very much an air of style over substance. Wow for the eyes - not so much for the body. Now for the verdict - I would never stay here again and I would advise anyone who asked me against. Why? THE MUSIC!!! On Monday night, the club was playing really loud techno music and it reverberated throughout the entire hotel. I was on the 21st floor and it felt like someone was beating a bass drum in the room next door. This went on until 4 am. Have you ever been at a stop light and a kid in a low rider pickup pulls up next to you with a sub woofer system that makes your windows shake and you teeth rattle? Now imagine having to stay at that stop light for the next 6 hours. Now, on top of that, imagine having to pay the kid $400+ for the privilege of listening to his thumping. It is the most asinine business philosophy I have ever seen in a city that employs some of the most innovative business practices in the world. Draw a small crowd into your club while you alienate every guest in your hotel??? Genius...shear genius! I give it a frowny face and it's a shame because this looks like a cool place.
5	Beautiful hotel in every way. When I come to Vegas, I will only stay at the Wynn or Encore.. Lots of great restaurants inside and a well ventilated casino for those who hate cigarettes..Also The Wynn & Encore are located on the nice part of the strip away from all the dirty bums and mexican's handing out porno cards.
4	It's going to be hard to stay at another hotel after my experience at The Encore.  Check-in was speedy and they were very polite.  Our room was gorgeous.  Comfy beds, nice view, spacious bathroom, good room service...the list goes on and on.  The price to stay here is on the higher end, but well deserved.  Another perk for staying here: you can party it up at XS, Tryst, or Blush without every walking outside.  It missed the 5 star mark with me due to the small size of the casino, and for it's location.  It's a little far down on the strip so getting to the center of things takes some planning.  Overall, Encore was a great experience and I will definitely be staying here again.
5	This is the best hotel I have ever stayed at!!! The view is heavenly. Very large rooms with modern decor. The bathrooms had every imaginable amenity.   And best of all this hotel is CLEAN!!   I've been to Vegas at least 15 times in the past twenty years and have noticed changes in the city every time I visit.  My last visit was in October of this year.   We  noticed that most of the casinos now are not kept up and are very dirty.   Not so with the Wynn and Encore.  They are both spotless and I actually even won at the poker machines.  Customer service is top notch too.  Next time you're in Vegas stay at the Encore.   You won't be disappointed.
4	Beautiful Hotel!! Went here for my birthday in April did I mention it was my 40th!! A little late doing reviews. Anyhow our stay was fabulous!! We has our own concierge and check in area that was something I have never experienced!! Very sweet!! Extremely curtious staff and the decor at the hotel was to die for! Our room was a suite and again nothing that I have ever experienced!! I must not get out to much :)!! Anyhow a great place to spend a weekend. They have a beautiful pool area in fact they have a european bathing pool as well which I think is topless which is sorta fun. To bad we got to busy to do that!! I would defiantly tell anyone and everyone to stay here..
5	I stayed in the panoramic suite in the Encore during my most recent Vegas trip, and I have to say that it was pretty amazing. I'm a bit jaded when it comes to nice hotels (after all, most hotel rooms are the same after you stay in enough of them), but I loved the unique, modern, classy-yet-trendy style of the Encore rooms. Major props to whoever did the interior design for the rooms - I took pictures because I want my future condo to look just like the room I stayed in.Gorgeous panoramic view of the entire street, mirrors throughout the living room and bedroom areas, giant fluffy bed, enormous bathroom.... Loved it! I'm definitely going to be booking at Encore for my next visit, as this is now my new #1 favorite place to stay (with #2 being the Venetian and the Bellagio at a distant #3). Stay in one of their suites during your next Vegas trip... I guarantee you won't regret it!
5	Just got back from my second visit to the Encore. I friggin love this place. It was my honey's first time and he too loved it. You can't go wrong staying here. The rooms are amazing! The bed insanely comfortable. We decided we wanted an apt that looks just like the rooms here haha.Thanks Encore!
3	Probably my last visit to a Wynn Hotel.Initial impression was good.  Lovely room with a great view of the strip.  Then we turned the lights on.  The room had not been vacuumed; there were pieces of something (maybe cork) on the carpet in both "rooms" of the suite.  There were what appeared to be sex stains on the couch.  A Halls lozenge wrapper was on the nightstand.Housekeeping came to the room and I demanded that the sheets be changed (yes including the mattress cover which they were going to leave) and fresh towels be brought in.We ordered an unsatisfactory meal in our room (Macaroni and cheese with lobster was actually rubbery lobster in a cream sauce with toasted bread crumbs sprinkled on top) that was sent back after two bites.The next morning, we had coffee and a stale muffin from the coffee service station in the lobby which is a bar most of the time.Bill at check out was incorrect which was a bit of a hassle.
5	This place is Awesome! Stayed there for 5 days. The rooms are incredible the view is awesome to on the strip side. You will fall asleep as soon as you hit the bed they are that comfortable.  Downside if you could call it, once you stay here you will be spoiled and won't want to stay anywhere else when staying in Vegas.
4	What a gorgeous concept for a place, everything here is in a rich, dark and very velvety red theme that covers the floors, ceilings and everything in between. I love the look and feel of this place but I guess it still needs a little more development since it was only opened about two years ago. They barely have anything on the floor portion and the casino is absolutely tiny in comparison to the Wynn which is already small in comparison to many other hotels / casinos. The restaurants in here look like they have potential but again ... too new to judge because I went to one of the cafes and the bartenders were still dropping the glasses everywhere. I am not opposed to the Encore but I feel like it has the same effect as Palazzo on the Venetian except smaller. It's basically the same thing and with the price difference I don't think its worth picking one over the other if that's all you're going after especially since the Wynn is far more established and has much more grandeur.
5	I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the accommodations at Encore. We stayed in a King Suite on the 28th floor. The room was spacious and beautiful. I suggest that you stay in an even numbered room to get the best view of the strip. The decor and attention to detail is amazing. The casino is small but that's ok becasue you just stroll over to Wynn.
5	looks new, smells new, is new.  great place especially if you party at xs too.  go down early, get your stamps, head right back on up to the room to preparty some more. that should probably happen around 9pm and then head back down around 11 when it gets extremely packed.  great hotel, great ammenities, just missing a coffee maker but the room is beautiful.  your $20 trick here doesnt really work guys, just a panaramic view...we got one with the view of the pool in the summer and it was great to know when to go downstairs.they comp me again, i'll stay again.
5	My (fantastic!) boyfriend picked Encore for our Thankgiving weekend getaway. The room was AWESOME. Seriously hot decor. Room service was great. The room was silent. I loved the furniture, the wallpapers, the bathroom vanity...everything!!
4	Stayed here for the first time. Traditionally I'm a Wynn guy but decided to give Encore a shot this time. I liked it a lot. It's a bit quieter, smaller, and frankly better smelling casino/hotel than Wynn. I think it's because there's less people. That being said, the rooms are awesome. Comfy and feels bigger than Wynn.I didn't play here at all, just walked over to Wynn to play. Mostly be cause there's more of a crowd and a funner (is that a word?) vibe at the Wynn. I would definitely stay here though.ps. Vegas and casinos = dry. That means you need lotion or your face and hands will feel like sandpaper. Sadly the stuff they have in the room is for shit. Literally I was peeling skin off like a V. Bring your own stuff.
4	We stayed four nights at this magnificent resort, that is so over-the-top beautiful its difficult to describe. Tremendous attention to detail in design and architecture, friendly attentive staff. The casino is magnificent, covered in drapery and plantation shutters, its intimate and, well, serene. In fact, this may trouble you casino "players" as the action is high stakes but subtle and subdued. The standard for cleanliness at every corner of this property is amazing. The air has a light fragerance.The lovely lighting and exotic melange or restaurants makes for spectacle and intrigue. This is an edifice of luxury and high design. But alas, this property does not, in my view, deserve the 5-star Mobil and AAA award. Here are some curious misses: -The rooms have some tricky and wonderful electronics to create mood lighting, open and close the curtains and drapery remotely, etc. But as is customary in nearly all fine hotels, the bellman did not give us a tour or explain any of the amenities. We only figured out how to use all the options on the day we departed. -There is no turn down service. I don't really require this, but that is a hallmark of 5 star hotel. -No paper delivery, no little perks like water. In fact they do not replace soaps , body wash, etc. To be fair, when we asked for more, we were delivered quite a nice array of products in abundance. But its strange you have to ask. - While the TV was HD and flat the channel seection was sparse and clumsy, the remote difficult to use, the pay for movie selection too short. I've been in Best Westerns that have a more user friendly and attractive interface. - No in-room coffee, but you can order 4 cups  from room service for $16..As a comparison, four star rated Kimpton properties are far superior on the negative points mentioned above. Lastly, after spending thousands of dollars in the hotel and wanting an extra hour at checkout to enjoy Sunday bunch, we were given a rather terse rebuke. Encore is not to be missed, its a fanciful wonderful property, but if you are expecting a true 5 star experience, Mr. Wynn misses, despite his dulcet tones and soothing understated braggadocio you hear on his unending in-room and website commercials.
4	Whenever I need a vacation, I know Vegas will be perfect. A short 3 1/2 hour drive, and I feel transformed to another world.On my last trip, we stayed at the Wynn Encore. Navigating our way there off the strip was interesting. With all the construction, it was a little difficult to figure out which turn was for our hotel. I wouldn't be mad at a bigger sign or a little heads up!The hotel itself is amazing. It's so beautiful. They really did pay attention to detail when they made this. Sure, the butterflys and all the red everywere might be a bit over the top, but it's Vegas and everything is over the top. Upon check in, they upgraded us to a strip view room. The suite was so impressive. The bathrooms were huge, with plenty of room to get ready. I might just be a perv, but the first thing I noticed was the "shower massager" at waist level. One would assume that would be used in compliance with the "intimacy kit"? Way to go Mr. Wynn, you dirty old man. This is definitely my kind of place :)I was sold on the hotel once I realized I could operate all things hotel related from my bed. Closing and opening the drapes while still in bed was quite helpful the "morning after" when I was too hungover to function. The room service is great too. I highly recommend getting the chicken noodle soup. It was amazing for my hangover!! As far as gambling goes, I won a little here. Nothing to write home about, but enough to cover dinner one night. I loved the layout of the casino. Some are so confusing, this one was well planned. The true test was when we came back drunk and got separated, we still managed to find each other because my boyfriend knew exactly which video poker machine I thought was gonna "make me rich"I look forward to coming back here soon. If not for anythign mroe than gettign more chicken noodle soup.
5	Ditto to the Wynn review (http://www.yelp.com/biz/wynn-las-vegas#hrid:PhvCukzEDhe2Q45IwuS5Kw)
1	This review is for the Concierge at the Encore.I went to the Concierge desk to confirm my dinner reservation at Daniel Boulud. It was an important night (our anniversary) and I had a custom cake created for the night. The lady at the desk looked up my reservation and confirmed my reservation. Little did I know, she actually cancelled it. WTH!When I arrived at Daniel Bold with my husband, the hostess said that our reservation was cancelled. Luckily, the restaurant was not packed so we were quickly seated. My main concern was the custom cake. Thankfully, the Cake Room didn't cancel my order (I'm sure it was made in advance) and shame on the Concierge for almost ruining my first wedding anniversary. I'm glad I didn't get married here. These kinds of mistakes should not be tolerated.The hotel looked nice but I've had much better service at the Bellagio.
4	My wife and I and our 2-year-old son stayed at Encore for three nights in mid-December.  We paid $139 for a King Suite for two nights and got the third night free.  We upgraded to a strip-view 60th floor for another $50 bucks total.  They did not charge us extra for our toddler, like some Vegas hotels say they do.The room was big -- would have been nice if the bedroom was actually completely walled off from the rest of the suite so we could close a door when it was time for our 2-year old to go to bed.  We just set up a pack n play in the living room and swiveled the TV to the bedroom and kept the sound low.  We also could have set up his bed in the bathroom and closed that door because the bathroom was so big.  Big tub too, not a full size-two person jacuzzi but a big soaking tub.  TV in the bathroom was cool, but you couldn't see it from the pot unless you placed the mirror on the counter just right.  The view we had was really nice.  It looked directly at the top of the Wynn next door and then to the strip beyond.  Because we were staying at the hotel we were allowed to have a stroller for our toddler.  Room service breakfast was huge.  We got two omlettes and a giant bowl of oatmeal.  Could not finish it.  Total was maybe $50 - $60.The pools were pretty good, not fun and exciting for little kids maybe, but still pretty nice, and they were open in mid-December unlike most other hotels in Vegas. I strollered our toddler around the large pool and garden grounds one morning -- nice walk.  Free self-parking right at the hotel.  No need for valet.Internet access was like $14 for 24 hours.  Movies were about $13 each.    The large fat screen TV is nice, as are the floor to ceiling windows.
4	While not a huge fan of Vegas, this place certainly makes it better. Have stayed at many spots in this town but would say this is by far the most comfortable. All the rooms are suites. Clean and comfortably appointed. Room service, while slow was shockingly good --- likely one of the best breakfasts I've had in a while (equals the Sunset Grill in T.O.). Casino wasn't too busy and staff was very friendly. Had to check out early though --- but to no hassle. I'd definitely stay there again. +ives: New, clean, comfortable rooms -ives: can get pricey but hey, it's LV.
4	Beautiful hotel... the only gripe is that it is soooooooo freaking out of the way! It's basically on the edge of wherever you want to go on the strip and to get back to the hotel to change shoes or clothes or whatever becomes an expensive inconvenience. I can totally understand why there are more people at Bellagio even though it is so much older and not as nice.However, I think this is a great hotel if you are only planning on going to Encore, Wynn, and other nearby hotels... I suppose its proximity to the shopping mall is a huge plus... if you're going there to shop. Pluses: swivel tv, tv in bathroom, large tub/glass shower with removable shower head, remote controlled lights, dimmers and drapes. ALSO, there is a rock n republic store in the hotel... along with a chanel store.. they have really unique things because they're the 'vegas' store :) ahhhh its fun to browse and dream haha
4	So I stayed at Encore last year for CES and the place had just opened. Didn't have a great experience. They lost my luggage the first night when I left it with the bell boy, checking out was a nightmare, ordering food and having basic things in the room (like a pen) proved too difficult... but I must say they redeemed themselves this year.I stayed in the tower suites this time around for CES and would highly recommend it. The suite is huge... 2 bathrooms, a massage room, living room, bedroom... way more space than I needed. The staff were very sweet, the concierge was great with reservations and checking out was very easy. The separate entrance is key if you don;t have a limo because it makes getting a cab much easier (and you avoid the ludicrous lines that exist at the main casino entrance) and check out is much faster. The gym fee is a little ridiculous but that's just standard Vegas so it's not specific to Wynn/Encore.  Last thing -  one day the maid threw out bags that I had left in the middle of my bathroom... she thought they were trash. Except they contained the shoe bags and receipts from several pairs of beautiful new shoes I had bought. She threw them out by accident. Obviously I was pissed... but they were very professional dealing with it and went back the store and sent up 5 sets of Louboutin and Sergio Rossi covers after they realized what had happened (and who am I kidding... I wasn't going to return the things :) Throwing out the bags - not cool - but the way they dealt with it was very professional and very much appreciated. Overall, I like Encore more than Wynn and it is definitely one of my go to hotels when i go to Vegas.
5	Just stayed here - and yes it was during some CES insanity (I was here for a wedding). Me and the girls only stayed for two nights and moved on because due to CES our suite on the (2nd to the top level - it's been like a week and I already forget what floor...51st???) went from under $150 to something like $700....way to f*ck people over Encore...but hey it's a business so whatever. I loved the living room - the extra space, the tv that swiveled so you could watch in either room. The room service, housekeeping, and concierge all were fabulous. I like the restaurants and bars in the hotel. I would definitely want to stay again. Yes please!!!!
4	This is an overdue review! Stayed here summer of 2009 and decided to yelp since I've be going to Vegas again at the end of the month.Encore has this sophisticated feel to it. Seems a little empty compared to other hotels, maybe because its so far from everything else. My boyfriend and I stayed at the 25th floor and for an extra 20 bucks to get a view of...Circus Circus. Anyways, the room is very pretty with nice interior design. My favorite part is the bedside controller for the lights and drapes. The room comes with a mini bar and if you pick up an item more than 60 seconds, you will be charged. So I suggest if you don't want to get charged look at the item for less than 60 seconds. Another plus I liked was that it wasn't smoky as other hotels were. Overall, Encore is a great place with all the beautiful design but I would rather stay somewhere else closer to the middle of the strip.
4	I've recently stayed here with the boyfriend b/c he gets complimentary rooms every now and then (what a gambler!!) from wynn and encore. First thing that you'll notice about the Encore is the RED red decor, which i love (it is my favorite color). The hotel staff were extremely polite and friendly. Encore definitely has a different feel from other hotels (i've stayed at excalibur and luxor before) in that it's not overly crowded with drunks and crazy slot machine players, they are always playing some sort of swanky music and u just feel a bit more sophisticated and mature? I really like that there's a connecting walkway between encore and wynn, so during cold months like january you don't have to brave the cold to go to a different hotel (also XS, Le Reve, and some designer stores can be found in this walkway).We stayed on the 50th something floor and the view was gorgeous especially at night when all the lights are on even though it's not exactly the view of the strip. The room itself was super nice. I had a lot of fun with the curtains and lights controller (i know i'm a dork) that is set right next to your bed. The king size bed was AWESOME to roll around in and I like that the TV swivels so that you can watch it from your bed or the living room. The bathroom is huge with a little side tv, so you can watch your favorite show while taking a bath or a dump? (hehe)Be careful with the minibar though, it has a sensor so anything you pick up for more that 60 second (i think) they will charge automatically to your room. We also did order room service. $26 bucks for chicken tenders (including extra fees and tax). Crazy right? But totally worth it when you're buzzed and hungry at 2am :]But overall, beautiful hotel and beautiful room!! Come stay here if you get a chance!
5	This place has never failed me.  Granted I've only been twice but still.  First time I shared the room with 3 other girls and it wasn't cramped at all!  2 girls on the bed and 1 girl on the L couch and we ordered a comfy cot!  The bathroom space is amazing because of her his and her sinks. When I come here I'm excited to pack light because it comes with everything.  Comfy robes to wear when getting ready, ipod dock, iron, a safe, vanity mirror, good little soaps, shampoos, conditioners, etc. You think that would be standard for a Vegas hotel room but trust me its not.  I've stayed at the crappiest- nicest.  This one belongs on the nicer side. This is also the hot place to stay because XS is the new ish club.  Staying at Encore allows me to pre party and walk downstairs to my room after to continue the party. Their are also great Craps tables RIGHT in front of the elevator to get my gambling on. If you are new to Vegas and you gamble remember to go to Casino host before checking out to see how much they can comp you.  I did learn that its not the hours you play but its really based on how much you lose.. and then they will consider what to comp you.  I won this last weekend so they told me that they don't usually comp anything for that but they will so that was nice. Lots of nice restaurants to try and if it nothing tickles your fancy at Encore- which I doubt then you can mosey on over to Wynn where they have their buffet and other great restaurants. I can't say anything bad about this place at all.  I don't even mind that its at the other part of the strip near Circus Circus.  Its just amazing.  You just want to take a picture with everything!  I'll spare you guys those pictures but I will upload a few. Looks for deals online- they are always advertising.  We stayed for holiday weekend for 189 a night and on Sunday it was 119.  Not bad compared to the 300 to 400 they usually charge.
5	Top quality hotel.  The hotel is very nice, clean and elegant. The rooms are very spacious with separate bedroom and living area.  Everything in the room was very cleaning including bathroom.  There are many restaurants throughout the Encore and the Wynn.  They offer the basic deli to the award winning formal restaurants.  If you are in Vegas and hungry check out the buffet at the Wynn for dinner.  It has many different stations including a seafood station with all you can eat king crab legs.  All you have to do is eat 1 or 2 pounds of crab legs in order to get your money worth at the buffet.The Spa at the Encore is the nicest and largest I've ever experienced.  It is very private and everyone is very professional.  The Spa includes a sauna and steam room, 2 hot tubs and 2 cooling pools along with many other amenities.  For additional information see my review of the spa under The Spa at the Encore.  The service was on par with a 5-Star Hotel. This is my favorite hotel on the the strip.
4	I stayed at Encore over the weekend and found it wonderful. The view from my room was looking right out onto The Strip through a large floor to ceiling, wall to wall window. The beds were very comfortable with very soft and fluffy pillows. (If you prefer firm pillows you won't find them here although they may have some available upon asking.) This hotel is connected to Wynn and is an easy walk to visit. The decor is beautiful, and the hotel is pretty much brand new!One downside is it is located pretty much at the end of The Strip so it would be quite the walk to get to where most of the nightlife is. Directly across the street is a huge indoor shopping mall called Fashion Show. The rooms are clean and well lit. Everything is automated from lights to curtains. The bathroom was spacious with a large tub and all glass shower. The bathroom was completed with a TV. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.
2	I'm actually not a big fan of this hotel. Even though it's new, I was expecting a lot better. ProsPool was nice except it was overcrowdedComfortable bedsAutomatic controls for almost everythingVery modern and fancy decorCons:Rooms were smaller than the Palazzo and the Venetian.Sign in front of the elevators stating that we couldn't bring food inSmall hotel, basically XS, a few restaurants and that's it.Service people were annoying and not helpfulA little far down the stripI stayed there for my friend's bachelorette party and the service could not have been any ruder. They charged us $500 bucks for a cabana that we tried to use, but they wouldn't let us. They gave us crap about it. The servers at the pool took forever to come with our drinks or even take our orders. I don't think I will stay here again. It's so not worth the money.
3	Stayed here and loved the decor and the room.  It was a good value for $199.00 per night.  I would advise anyone to "stay" in this hotel if you get a good rate per night, however, do not do anything else here, unless you want to get ripped off.  If you eat at the restaurants they are incredibly expensive.  If you want to play golf it'll cost you $500.00.  If you want a little umbrella or shade by the pool, they'll try to charge you about $150-$200 for that.  So, they nickle and dime you to death for every little thing and you'll wind up spending what you saved on the good room rate that you may have gotten.  Again, rooms are spacious, modern and beautiful....so I'd just sleep here and go out and shop the wonderful bargains of Las Vegas for your meals
5	I am a fan. I ll stay at Encore each time I am in town. Classy, fun, attentionao to details...this hotel has it all. Steve Wynn is the best.The rooms are very comfortable and sexy.
5	Growing up with a dad that enjoyed his fair share of poker, I have been to Vegas more times than most people by the time I was 17.Though I stopped going to Vegas with my family years ago, I still independently continued the tradition of heading out there every now and then.  Other than the occasional game of blackjack, I am not really drawn to Vegas by the gambling.  I actually come more for the shows, food and of course the accommodations :)For years, Bellagio was the go-to spot for more of a luxurious stay.  After staying at the Encore, I have to say that the king has been dethroned.  The suites at Encore are really modern yet luxurious.  Huge bathroom with dual sinks, tub and shower.  Bed is plush and ultra comfy. Couch & office areas are nice to chill out in and set up a little work space.  Extra upgrade to the top floors are definitely worth it for the scenic view 60 floors up from the strip.  Other cool room touches like the bathroom TV and electric one-touch shades were nice.For me, a great room still requires equally impressive facilities to go along with your stay.  The Encore & Wynn complex serve up some of the best restaurants Vegas has to offer.  Tried Daniel Boulud last night (review coming soon) and it was amazing.  Up to bat tonight is the SW Steakhouse which I also heard is pretty stellar for carnivores.  For those who are like me and have already seen O and every other Cirque show, I've heard Le Reve is definitely worth checking out.  I'll provide an update on that after I see it tonight.The pool area at Encore is really nice as well with a cool bar right in the center of the European pool.  Only complaint I have is that the gym at Encore is an extra-pay facility.  As much as I feel guilty for not burning off all the excess calories I'm putting in...$30 for a day pass kind of makes me want to put off working out till I get back home.Since it is Vegas, I guess the gambling area is worth mentioning.  I really like the floor at Encore.  It reminds me of Bellagio but with a more intimate feel.  The decor is upscale with a warm, reddish theme.  Though smoking is allowed, it just doesn't seem as smoky as other casinos.  I'm not sure if the clientele are more of the non-smoking crowd or the hotel just has better air circulation...either way it works for me since I really hate smoke.Overall, Encore is pretty damn awesome.  For me, it is officially the new go-to spot when I want to check out Vegas.
5	This is hotel definitely has a swanky sophisticated feel from the moment you walk in.   The fron desk, lobby, and casino areas all have beautiful red decor.  It was almost impossible to detect smokers because the hotel seems to have a filter that does away with smoke and replaces it with a very light pleasant fragrance. I loved that!  The entire hotel is well appointed and beautifully decorated:  hallways, gardens, public areas, restaurants, and clubs.  Check-in on a Friday was quick and easy as was check-out on a busy Sunday.  If you happen to lose your room key (like we did), take a trip to the front desk and they'll replace it in a flash.Resort SuitesThe decor is classy and luxurious with marble-like floors, premium bedding, ipod docs, and touch control draperies.  The bedroom areas are separated from the small sitting area, which had impressive floor-to-ceiling windows with a spectacular view.  Internet access was expensive: $14/day.BathroomThis baby seemed to be almost as large as the bedroom and sitting area combined!  It had a separate glass walk-in shower, tub, and vanity area with double sinks.  I also liked that the toilet area was enclosed for privacy.  Another plus, flat screen tv in the bathroom.Encore is smaller than Wynn but if you need more, just walk right through the shopping areas and Voila! you are at the larger Wynn.  The great part was that we never had to step out into the chilly January weather.  The walkway connected us right through to the next door hotel.  The temperature indoors was comfortable--no jacket needed while sauntering off to the clubs in your sexiest dress.We had drinks and food one night in the lobby bar that serves smaller dishes.  I recommend the late night burger.  Very good!This is by far the best experience I have had at any Vegas hotel.  The customer service exceeded other hotels by far.   Even the staff stated that they preferred Encore to the Wynn.  Beautiful surroundings, beautiful hotel.  I didn't know I could love Vegas even more!
5	This is definately one of the nicest hotels that I have ever stayed in,  they have beautiful rooms, great views, awesome amenities! We arrived at the hotel about 6pm, there was a bit of line, but we were quickly checked in and immediately received both our Red card (players card) all at the same time which I thought was quite convenient! We stayed on the 22nd floor and had the North view of the strip that faced Circus Circus. The room itself was quite spectacular! As soon as you walk in through the foyer there is a long hallway that leads directly into the bedroom, the bedroom and living room is separated by a half wall with a hole through it with a swiveling flat screen TV! What an awesome idea! You can watch TV in the bedroom or the living room!  The living room also had a nice "L" shaped couch with a large white ottoman. There is a desk with 2 chairs and a in-room fax machine... who uses those anymore?? The electronics of the room is nothing I have ever experienced before. There is two control panels you can use to control the lights, the one by the door in the foyer, or the control panel next to the bed on the night stand. Different buttons do different functions, my favorite by far was probably the curtain controls next to the bed, you can electronically have the sheers or drapes open and close by a touch of the button! Nice!! The bed was soooo  comfortable!! I now know what sleeping on a cloud feels like! It was plush, soft, and oh so heavenly! It puts my Tempurpedic to shame! I did some investigating and found out that it's an exclusive bed made by Sealy for the Wynn hotels, for a little under $3,000 I could have one delivered right to my house! It even has the "Wynn" embroidered all over the mattress... I always looked forward to coming back to the hotel after 6-8 hours of non stop strip walking! OH! and I can't forget about the 100% Wynn egyptian cotton sheets and the gigantic Wynn sham! I miss the bed the most!The bathroom was set up very nicely as well. There is a beautiful walk-in tile shower, with a separate hand held sprayer & shower head, which is unusual for a hotel, but I loved it! There is a large soaking tub that was right next to the walk-in shower. There are dual sinks and a separate room for the toilet. The best part of all was the TV in the bathroom! That is a nice touch! By far, one of the most magnificent hotel I have ever stayed in, and happy that we stayed 4 nights here! The only downside was the the internet charge of $14 for 24 hours... after finding that out from other Yelp! users, we just left the laptop at home, I didn't want to be charged about $60 just to use the internet... yikes! Thank goodness for Smartphones!
4	Great hotel, stayed here for two nights with family.  Not kid friendly, no strollers allowed unless you are a guest and the "elegant" dining restaurants don't accept children younger then 5.  We got a king suite for $149 a night with a $50 resort credit.  Since we can't dine at the nicer places, we chose the buffet, which was a nice surprise.  Paid $35 a person, charged to room to use the resort credit.  Ate one too many alaskan crab legs and felt sick.  I still haven't manage to control myself at buffets.  No matter how slow or how little I get, I always wound up overeating.  I think the liege waffle pushed me over.  Watched alot of tourists munch on the pizza ($35 for cheese pizza?).  Hotel was able to provide a crib for our 10 month old.  It is a smaller crib, not the normal full size.  If you have a big baby, he/she might feel claustrophobic.  The bumper seems dense and worried me a little but our little one is not that mobile yet.  Overall suite was very nice, we had a view of Circus Circus.  The morning coffee was a disappointment.  Their coffee bar is right near the elevators and was a tad expensive for the type of coffee you get.  Don't get the breakfast croissant sandwiches, oily and greasy, felt ripped off for paying $9 for that crap.  Definitely would've given 5 stars if not for the limited dining choices and the sucky breakfast sandwiches (the grilled breakfast sandwich at Jean Phillippe in Bellagio was excellent).
5	best vegas trip evvaaarrrr!!first off, the bribe thing at reception worked. best $50 spent all trip. thanks buddy! started off w/ a single, but was upgraded to 2 queen beds, 1 roll away, 1 fridge, and an awesome, and i mean, AWESOME view of the strip.  the room was absolutely amazing. we had a freakin doorbell, a door bell! the decor of the room was very nice as well. had some interesting art work.. but everything else was pimp. we went to the club at encore sat night, xs. lets just say, if you're a group of single guys (or girls), having a room right upstairs from the club is a big PLUS.the last few times i've been to vegas i've stayed at the palazzo across the street.  tho they are comparable in opulence, i think encore is gonna b my new hotel 'spot' for the next few years.btw, the hotels proximity to the mall & walgreens is a big plus.all in all, an absolutely beautiful casino/hotel. definitely recommend to anyone going to vegas. jus one thing tho, i wish they had thicker walls cause we had security come to room a couple times sat night around 4am because of noise complaints... i mean, we were just yellin "woo boys!"... swearz :)
5	WOW! WOW! WOW! Love the Encore! On my first trip to Vegas I stayed here and had a suite overlooking the strip. That was really memorable! and their amenities are really ample and luxurious! Can't wait to go again. When I'll be making my return trip, Encore will be the only hotel I'll consider for my stay. A+++++++++++++++++++
5	::Birthday weekend Vegas Trip::02/18-02/21My bestfriend (cbooz.yelp.com)  and I are both born in February, the month of Lovers (but we are not lovers, don't get it twisted)We decided to do something together considering we just turned the BIG TWO FIVE!! (well that's what he was telling all the cab drivers!)What better place to celebrate, act a fool, and go balls to the wall than LAS VEGAS!!We usually stay at the Palazzo, but this trip we wanted to do something different. The ENCORE did not disappoint!GOOD: - My friend asks for a "complimentary upgrade" for our room. A 50 dollar tip later and we got one of the best views of the strip!! (along with an extra roll away bed and a refrigerator)- The view. As you press the control button to open the curtains, the Strip is in plain sight. Gives you that "This city is mine" mentality.- The room was so spacious. Four dudes in a suite requires lots of room (we need workout space, runway space, DANCE DANCE space...)BAD:- Getting to the rooms at the ENCORE can be confusing. Good thing the guys followed my lead. Otherwise they would always end up getting lost.- I was the designated bartender that night. Mixing drinks left and right. Got a little too wasted. Remember telling my friend, "you need to get on MY level. My Tolerance is waayy up here and yours is down there"UGLY:- As fast as the trip came, it ended so much faster. The weekend was a blur. Time really does fly when you are having fun!- There's one pic that the four of us guys took that probably won't ever end up on the internet or at least we hope not!There were numerous moments that I won't forget from that trip. From getting faded in the room, fist pumping, topless dancing (me), some guy throwing a footlong sandwich at another guys leg, then that guy kicking it 10 ft in the air, "bandys" and so much more! One moment that stood out was when "Forever Young" was playing.  It reminded us guys that no matter how old we get, we will always be Forever young at heart. That trip was a blast and I am glad to have done "big thangs" with the fellas.Can I get an ENCORE? Most definitely yes!
5	I was looking forward to going to Las Vegas because I get to stay at the Encore. We stayed at the resort suite for 3 nights and I wish I can live here forever. Check in was a breeze. We got the view of the golf course, pool and treasure island on the 19th floor. I think the view is better during the day time. The room is very spacious, spotlessly clean and elegant. I love all the technologies that come with it. It is such a beautiful hotel. I definitely want to stay at here again.
5	In my opinion, it is the nicest hotel to stay at in Vegas. The whole hotel from top to bottom has such detail in its decor. We stayed one night then switched over to Venetian only because the rest of our group was staying there. If I would have known how much I enjoyed staying at Encore, we would have booked the rest of our weekend there. It is the nicest hotel I've ever stayed at. The hotel is a little off to the side, but the best clubs in Vegas are right by Encore. XS is inside Encore and Tryst is right next door at Wynn. Then there is Tao which is at Venetian, next door to Wynn. What an exquisite hotel! When I'm back in Vegas, I will make sure I stay at Encore.
5	The attention to detail and the great customer service at the Encore is what makes this THE place to stay in Vegas.  I know it's what everyone has written.  Everything the other Yelper's say is true! (Except the bad reviews, I just can't imagine anyone giving this hotel a bad review from my experience). This is a beautifully decorated hotel, with lush suites, and over the top great customer serivce.  It does not get better then the Encore.  Good restaurants too!  If I could give this place 10 stars I would.  ;)
5	What a GREAT hotel!  Loved every moment staying here and would stay again and again.  We were upgraded to a suite on the 54th floor on the golf course side and have a great view.  All of the staff are very helpful!  Cant wait to come back!
1	I had by far the worst hotel experience of my life when I stayed at the Encore this summer.  I don't know if this is how this joint is run, or if every incompetency the staff could muster just happened to fall on our heads that weekend, but I left never wanting to stay anywhere near a Wynn hotel again.  First, the place was severely understaffed, and the people who did work there clearly didn't give a sh*t, which only made everything that happened afterward worse.  When we got to our suite, the lock on the door to the adjoining room was destroyed and there were champagne splatters all over our ceiling.  When we called someone to come inspect the room they said they would be up in 15 minutes; 2 hours later we called again and the girl at the front desk said the person who took our previous call never even sent anyone up.  45 minutes later when someone did come up to inspect it, they said they would take care of it later.  The maintenance staff for the door was nice, but when housekeeping came in to clean up she stole/threw one of my articles of clothing that I left sitting on the bathroom sink away!  Who does that??  When I called to complain the front desk said they would ask our housekeeper what happened, then never followed up.The room when clean was nice enough, but at night we could hear the people above us partying through the vents all night long.When we finally left the hotel, the valet took 40 minutes just to find our car; people who came after us were sent away in less than 5.  Even after we left our friends had to wait another 20 minutes before the valet found their car.  The valet's excuse?  They "lost" our cars.  Even worse, when we pulled over at a gas station down the road my boyfriend noticed that the valet had somehow punctured a hole in the leather upholstery on the door of his Mercedes.  I don't know if Steve Wynn's blind ass poked his thumb through the upholstery like it was a Picasso, but that's just ridiculous.I will never come back here.  There are nice stores and restaurants attached to this place, which is a shame, but I wouldn't dare patronize this establishment in any way again.
5	It doesn't get better than this. Here's the lucky deal:Total was around $380, 3 nights stay, 2 tix to Le Reve, $50 dining credit to any restaurant in Wynn/Encore, $25 gambling play, $50 spa credit.There's no way anyone in their right mind would anyone pass that opportunity up. The hotel is definitely in the upper echelon in Vegas' hotel classes. Our room view overlooked the pools and at night, you can see XS in action. There's only one word that comes to mind, money! This hotel is just that. If you have the extra cash or find some awesome deals, this is an ideal place to stay.The only drawback is that it's on the far end of the LV strip.
3	encore was obviously added onto the wynn.  and i think wynn is better.  it is closer to the strip etc.  from encore its a bit of a walk to get to the palazzo and wynn etc.  the rooms here feel smaller than wynn as well.i have to admit the view from our room was pretty nice.  it was of the pool at encore and wynn which meant xs.  we got a straight shot of the wynn.checking in we had to wait for our rooms next to each other and couldnt get adjoining rooms.  also we couldnt upgrade.  how weird.  i guess they fill up pretty quickly.
4	One of my fav. hotels in Vegas.  Spacious living room and bedroom.  A flat screen tv separates the two.  There's a long, plush sofa in the living room that's ideal for friends to hang out.
1	I intentionally waited over a week to write this review to make sure I was speaking from a rational place... so here you go..."You are in America, that is not how we pronounce it here" Front Desk Clerk at check in"It is what it is, we cannot shut down the night club" Front Office Supervisor"And why do you expect me to change your room?" Front Desk Clerk after night of hellAll the quotes are accurate with the first one being directed to my Mexican-American travelling companion who happens to be a Vice President of IT and, not that it matters - GREW UP AND WAS BORN IN THE U.S. - and witnessed by two attorneys who were traveling with us.... and in reference, of all things, to the pronunciation of his own name. As this took place at check in and we had 5 days to spend, we thought it better to not make a big deal and move on... although this bitter and completely ignorant comment never left our minds....And it is NOT an all suite hotel..thowing up a built in credenza with a swivel TV does not make it a suite..it makes it a large room with a built in and a swivel TV... a suite has two SEPARATE rooms with a door inbetween.. Add to that the nightclub that kept us awake until 3am.. and we were on the 17th floor...followed by the move at 3am to a LOWER FLOOR.....(what?). Apparently, they must make a lot more money from the nightclub patrons than their guests that gamble and dine and drink at their restaurants because I see now this is a consistent problem! The management staff are apparently uninterested in fixing it by simple keeping the music to a dull roar.....adding in the consistently astoundingly bad attitude from the front deskand we will never stay here again. We have stayed at both the Bellagio and the Venetian in the past and will be happy to stay there again... but never again at the Encore!
5	Very, very nice! After being in many hotels in Vegas the Encore/Wynn property is the best. It is bright and based on Vegas/International "fantasy" of what the perfect Vegas vacation should be. La Reve show there is fantastic Cirque style performance. The spa is world class. Rooms are very good size with a great design feature that allows the flat screen TV to swivel so that you can face it toward the bed or toward the good sized "living room/business desk" area. Many things within walking distance.
5	I thought that the Wynn was my favorite (even though the rooms at the Trump may have been better - nothing beats smoking rooms, food, entertainment, and casinos with the best cocktails I've tried on the strip)... until I checked in at the Encore. Not only were the rooms bigger, but the combination of colors and textiles they used create a much classier ambiance than the Wynn Resort's rooms... BEAUTIFUL. And the LCD stand/room divider combo... reminded me so much of my room back home in Jakarta.Also, you still keep the added perks - red cards once again, phones with your names on them, smoking rooms if you request one, and casinos with the best tasting free cocktails on the strip (don't forget to TIP!). Service at the Wynn/Encore is always impeccable.
4	Two walls of mirrors.  Enough said.  Makes for a very interesting weekend.  Add in floor-to-ceiling windows, and the Vegas experience is just about complete.  The rooms are gorgeous.  The bed is comfortable, there's a TV in the bathroom that you can watch while taking a bath, the living area is spacious...I absolutely LOVED the room.  Based on this alone, I would give the hotel five stars.  BUTFor a room this pricey (over $250 a night on Expedia), I'd expect better sound proofing.  I could hear people's conversations while they were walking down the hallways and in adjacent rooms (even rooms above ours).  I didn't expect so much sound transfer.  Plus, you can hear XS going on all night through the window wall.  There was just a lot of noise.  The toilet in the bathroom sounded like it was exploding every time it was flushed, and you could similarly hear this through two bathroom doors into the living space.  We were given two card keys, and one didn't work.  Also, we had trouble operating the shades and drapes.  Sometimes they worked, and sometimes they didn't and needed some fiddling.  We were left a message saying there was a cake delivery for my birthday.  We made sure to turn off the "privacy  button, and we waited for going on two hours and no one arrived.  The next day, we were told that our privacy light was on, which was bull, because we specifically made sure it was off.It's still a nice hotel.  I just wish there weren't all these little glitches during our stay.
4	For our trip to Vegas my hubby decided he wanted to stay at the Encore after seeing it on a previous trip.  I thought this hotel was quite esthetically pleasing.  We waited to check in and thankfully the line was not as long as some I saw at other hotels on the strip (Bellagio, oh my word).  We walk up to the counter and I am shocked to see my hubby shake hands with the guy behind the counter....they went to high school together (small, small world)...hello room upgrade! :)  Room on the 60th floor (there isn't a 40th as 4 is unlucky in some Asian culture) had a panoramic view.  These rooms are beautiful, brand new, and have some bells and whistles like a tv and phone in the bathroom, shower and separate soaking tub, a flat screen that swivels from facing the bed to facing the sitting room, sheer curtains and blackout curtains controlled by a button next to your bed, in fact you can control pretty much everything important from your bed.  I also thought the doorbell and electronic privacy light instead of plastic placard were a nice touch.  The room was non-smoking and the hotel and casino were properly ventilated so it was nice for non-smokers.  Your hotel room key is also called your "red-card" which you use when you gamble and supposedly rack up points with which to get rewards.  Although I played slots and the hubby spent time at the tables were weren't quite big enough players to get much of anything.  I "spun" the wheel and all I got was "$10 for slots" which I felt was a rip off because you had to put money into the machine to use your "free" money....was I missing something??  Although the Encore and Wynn are pretty much at the end of the strip it is a really nice part of the strip to be at and it wasn't as crowded as other parts further down.  We really enjoyed our short stay in Vegas and a large part of that was due to the Encore!
5	Just enjoyed yet another wonderful stay at the Encore. The rooms are spacious and service is 5 star. Even the dealers are friendly and super cool (Nikki, youre the best!). Had so much fun. Can't wait to return. This place is like our 2nd home in Vegas.
5	This was my favorite place to stay in Vegas.  Now most of the time I'm at a rented house or off the strip.  However, I was here for a specific meeting/event and had Impeccable service and ate many of my meals on the property.  The food at every restaurant I ate at was terrific and the staff were really attentive.  Having used the meeting spaces I think my experience was a little different from the typical "what-happens-in-Vegas-stays-in-Vegas" crowd, but if you are looking for a nice pampering place to stay, I'd say Encore is a nice option!
5	My first stay at Encore was for my girlfriend's birthday last year (March 2009). I received an email with an offer to stay there for $129 a night and I couldn't refuse. Come on, to stay at a 5 Diamond Resort at that price: FUCK YEAH!When you first walk in, all you notice is red. Red red red red... EVERYWHERE. But it's done in a really elegant way and I like that. The suites themselves are clean, the beds are comfy, the tv and the room phone has your name on it, the pillows are great to rest your head on after a wild night of drinking, and the staff - at least from my experience - work hard to really treat you well and make sure you're taken care of. The Spa itself is in a class on its own. Prior to visiting Encore, I've never been in one nor have I ever paid for a massage and I'm glad that the Spa at Encore took my spa virginity from me. I always thought it was just for girls. Upon stepping off the elevator, once you reach the Spa, you feel as if you've stepped through a portal and into a distant land. There's soothing music and even the way the receptionists at the desk talk, it's as if they're high or something. Like a mellow, soothing kind of high, not one of those "Dude, I'm so high... let's go get some burgers" kind of high, I swear! The massage and the scented oils were awesome and I attribute coming up about 2K because of that. Yes, I'm a superstitious gambler. I now never leave Encore without doing a couples massage with the girlfriend.As for the actual gaming floor itself, don't expect anything massive; I like to think of it as cozy. It's not big but it's fine for people like me who try to avoid large crowds and appreciate easy access to the elevators to get to your room. What I do enjoy is that because it's connected to the Wynn, it's easy to walk to XS or Tryst. HOLLA!!! The walk to the club is easy; it's the walk back to your room that's tricky. Especially after you've had shot after shot and beer after beer enter through your liver. Hahaha...Steve Wynn, if you're reading this, I'd like to take a moment and say you are a genius and Las Vegas would not be the same without your influence. I love Encore. If you don't, that's fine. I'll take your share and love it, too.
5	Award-winning, five-star, luxury hotel is Las Vegas - so did I have high expectations? No. I told myself I would not fall for the usual 5-star hotel scam that is presented to everyone at Vegas. As mentioned in my earlier reviews of Aria and Bellagio, I had high expectations going in and feelings of disappointment coming out. I concluded at least, at the time, that there is no such thing as a genuine 5-star hotel in Las Vegas, they were all shams pretending to be luxury, pretending to be service, and all fell victim to the same cheap facade you get from Sin City. .......then THANK GOD I WENT TO ENCORE. Savior of my dreams, hopes, and aspirations of one day enjoying a real, decently-priced, 5-star luxury hotel in Las Vegas. I absolutely loved my stay at this hotel and there is no down moment or weak point in which i can point out. So if there is no criticism, then lets welcome the praise:Service:They do what they promise. Enough said. They are like other high-end establishments and give you the sights (professional looking staff) and sounds ("welcome Mr. ___, how can i help you today?) that you will expect. However, the difference, the key to staying in Encore is that behind the greetings, the staff really does follow-through. Everything from requested slippers, clean-up, punctuality, - it's all at Encore. Another fine point is that when you call to request a service or item, they never rush you off the phone, they ALWAYS say "is there anything else I can help you with Mr._____." Furthermore, my gf repeatedly left a tip in the form of cash on the table for the cleaning lady each day, but they refused to take it (or believe it was their tip!). A cleaning staff that is absolutely professional, courteous, and not tip-hungry?! Unbelievable. Welcome to Encore.Accommodations:I had originally booked the standard suite through a Southwest Vacation package (which was hell of a deal btw), but when I got to the front desk, I opted for the extra 25/night upgrade to a Panoramic Suite. Wow was the 25 bucks/night worth it! - We essentially got boosted up from lower levels (5-10) to the 57th floor! Our view included the whole Las Vegas BLVD strip and beyond. It was breathtaking. The room itself is very nice, as well. While maybe I couldve wanted a little more decoration and less white wall, but honestly I cannot complain. There is a separate living room (with a desk, couch) and separate bedroom (that shares a swiveling 40in HDTV). The bed was comfortable, the flat panel TV worked in HD as advertised, the bathroom was clean, modern, luxurious, and spacious. The bathroom also included the totally unnecessary, but totally cool mini TV screen. The only thing missing was the famous Encore slippers, but I simply requested them on the phone and it arrived in prompt order. This is probably the only hotel I've heard of that has not only really nice complimentary slippers, but a different type for men and women. Talk about attention to detail. The luxurious amenities were all there: robes, shampoo, conditioner, lotion, shoe shiner, nail filer, etc etc etc - everything you need and more. Overall, i was absolutely impressed with my stat at this hotel. Everything was pinpoint and my usual critical self was not disappointed at all during my 4 night stay. I will DEFINITELY come here again. Save me a room Encore!
5	My favorite hotel in Vegas is the Encore.  Everything about our stay was excellent.  I think the Encore has the best, most comfortable beds in town.Although a bit smaller than the Wynn, this makes the lay-out of the resort easier to remember.  I like that you can walk out onto the strip to get to the Fashion Show Mall, or walk through the Wynn.  Encore is a little more grown-up than the Wynn -- not quite as whimsical, but elegant, polished and chic.
4	My first time back in over ten years.  And, staying at the Encore really hit the high notes for a nice, short vacation.  As everyone has commented, the casino decor will have you wearing sunglasses inside, but hey this is Vegas--where the more gaudy you are, the more you fit in!  Everyone kept telling me how nice the place was, but when I got here, I wasn't so impressed--lots of color, especially red, lots of bling, deep deep bars with rows of impressive liquor, plush carpeting, butterfly motifs--just kind of what I expected from Vegas.  It took me until the last day to really appreciate the Encore, because by then I've visited several other casinos and each time I came back, I felt a  relative sense of serenity and relief.We registered at the Wynn, asked for as high a floor as possible and they put us on the 29th floor, without an upgrade.  It turns out they have, I believe, three sets of elevators:  one for fls 1-30, one for flrs 31-64; and another set in the other corner of the casino for the tower suites.   The even number rooms face South, which will give you a view of the strip--the higher even numbers will have your strip view partially blocked by the Wynn hotel, and you will be closer to the XS nightclub, which can be quite loud when they open the pool area up to 4am.  If you're the partying type, ask for low even numbers; if you're a light sleeper and staying over the weekend, ask for odd numbers so you're on the other side of XS.The suites(they're all suites) are the antithesis of Vegas--simple elegant lines, easy beige/black colors, comfortable functional, modern classic furniture, thoughtful amenities like automatic curtain/sheers, separate hand showerheads, bathroom tvs, and a swivel flatscreen for bed and living room viewing.  Service was prompt and professional:  being addressed by name by hotel operators; we were missing a remote, and within minutes a short tuxed fellow presented us with a remote on a platter.  It really was comforting returning to this hotel after a day of walking and sightseeing.  The casino is muted, almost hushed tones compared to all the other casinos, and especially in light of its flamboyant decor.  I don't like a lot of bells and whistles the rare times I gamble, so this was very pleasant and comfortable.  Everyone was very professional and helpful, and seemed to enjoy where they work.Some cons:  staying at the hotel doesn't comp you into XS, although they do let you cut in line if you pay full price.  Nor does it help you cut in the buffet line.  There is a fridge ONLY for their beverages, and food from outside is strongly discouraged, so what do you do with leftovers?  You have to drive through the entire LV blvd to get to the hotel, so figure out some shortcuts.  The pool closes early, but I guess all Vegas pools do so you'll go back inside and spend money.  $15 a day for wireless.As we neared the end of our four day vacation without the lil guy, we were a little sad to leave, but our stay here does make me want to return back to Las Vegas for another vacation!
4	The rooms were great -- spacious, well designed and extremely comfortable -- not to mention a great view of the strip. Not sure what the standard rate is, but this is one of the nicest places at less than $150 a night.
5	This is by far my favourite hotel in Las Vegas. I love Wynn as well but the contemporary Euro chic style of Encore is more my style. This is the only hotel that I will stay in while I am in Las Vegas (well next to the Sky Lofts that is!). As I mentioned, the decor is very modern and contemporary with a lot of red and black throughout. It also boasts large decorative butterflies throughout.I typically stay in a tower suite when I stay there and they are truly magnificent. The hotel has some of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. As far as the service goes, it's everything you would expect from a 5-star hotel. Everyone from the staff at the reception, to room service, to the concierges are absolutely amazing and go out of their way to make sure you have everything you need and are well taken care of.As you already know, Las Vegas is home to many, many fabulous restaurants and several are at Encore/Wynn. Stratta and Alex are my two favorites. Two of my favourite nightclubs in Las Vegas are also at Encore/Wynn; Blush and XS. On my last visit, we had a table with bottle service reserved at both clubs. The service was outstanding. Our host was extremely attentive and made sure we had everything we needed to ensure we had a wonderful time. Blush is a smaller, boutique type nightclub with pink and black lighting and colours throughout the club which is perfect as those are my two favourite colours! XS is truly a magnificent club and is a must see! It is centered around Encore's massive swimming pool. The club has outdoor cabanas and candlelight throughout the outdoor areas. One of the coolest aspects of this club aside from it being built around the pool is the rotating chandelier on the dance floor.If you like shopping at high end boutiques and love couture then Encore/Wynn is for you! The properties boast an ultra fabulous shopping esplanade made of up of favourites such as Chanel, Hermes, Dior, Louis Vuitton, Rock & Republic, and many more.Overall Encore is truly worth it's price because of the phenomenal 5-star service and the magnificence of the hotel itself. Everytime I walk into the hotel, it puts a smile on my face because I know I always have the best experience there. It is truly a pleasure to stay at Encore while in Las Vegas.
4	This hotel is great. The decor is pristine and how can you argue with a tv in the bathroom positioned at the right angle so you can soak in the tub and watch Family Guy. What's even more awesome is that I step out for am hour or two and within that time, the maid had already come and cleaned. The high tech room was also a big plus. Closing the drapes from my bed adds a nice touch. The only gripe I had with this hotel was the high priced tables. I know, I know... You're staying in a high class hotel you can't expect to have five dollar tables. That's okay though because I just meandered over to circus circus where dice dollar tables abounded.
5	Well, stayed here last week with the girlfriend for 3 nights. Honestly, even after a cool down period, I can't find anything bad to say about Encore/Wynn hotel and casino. Everything was a class act. The room was fantastic and $25 per night to upgrade to a 56th floor strip view??? Best $75 I have spent in a while. The room was very clean and comfortable and the bathroom was way nice too. The casino actually smelled nice and we swear that cleaning people drop from the ceiling the second something is dropped or disrupted. Could hardly find a cigarette but in an ashtray. Staff was super helpful and responsive. Bartenders were friendly and competent. The decor and the overall atmosphere was very swanky, even the music they play is nice jazzy, rat pack type stuff. Again, no complaints, but be forewarned, any deal you find on the room rate (and I got a deal), is not representative of anything else in the hotel.  There are no great deals to be had on bar drinks, meals or even coffee. This is to be expected, after all, it's a 5 star hotel. We did eat at two of the hotel restaurants, Society Cafe and Red 8, not bad, but not  inexpensive. Also,  if you want a quick cup of coffee and breakfast nosh without spending $40, there are two Starbucks across the street  in Fashion Island. Walgreens (with jacked prices) and a liquor store are right up the street to the north. Don't plan on being in Vegas again for a few years, but when I do, I will be back at one of the Wynn properties.
5	WOW! this place is wow.. i have been to almost every hotel in vegas and i dont think any other place holds a candle up to this hotel.. Now i know it is vegas and who wants to spend any time in their room, but for the 2 hours that i do sleep in vegas while im there i want it to be the best 2 hours of sleep i will ever have.. It is far beyond.. the bed here is gigantic and extra extra comfy.. almost as comfy as my own bed.. it has black out curtains that are controlled by a push of a button.. this is extra important because i normally stumble to my room at about 730am so blackout curtains is a must.. the showers here are top notch.. you know how most showers in hotels the water is lightly sprinkling out and it takes you 2 minutes just to get all of your hair wet.. yea.. well thats not the case here.. high pressure water.. good sized shampoo and conditioner for those of you who dont bring your own.. did i mention giant tube with jets oh and to top it off a tv in the bathroom to add a cherry to it all... everyone who works here is delightful and are able to mold to different personalities.. i enjoyed gambling here even when i was down.. the people at the table have personality.. and im a big one on that.. they also have some of the best food here in vegas... my only minor issue was that it doesnt contain grab and go places to it.. you know sometimes i dont want to seat down at a 5 star place for lunch.. im hungover and i want some cheap greasy ass deliciousness.. like panda.. but no need to fear.. the mall is right across the street with everything you could ask for.. i cant imagine staying anywhere else after i have stayed here.. this place kicks other hotels in vegas ass.. it rocks and it will make ur vegas trip that much better.. oh and they also have the best club here.. anyone heard of xs?!
5	Hard to imagine any better.  Checkout Travelocity package pricing. Early March, Sun. - Thurs. here - $800 for wife and me, including airfare and all the taxes!  Paid $25/n at checkin to secure the 52d floor strip view at far SW corner of building (you have to make sure you are not blocked out looking into Wynn if you want the strip view).Spa experience by the wife (I am told) was unparalleled.  Extravagant decor.  Super comfortable room.  Very quiet on our corner.  Housekeeping was impeccable and apparently standing by every time we left the room for 2 hours.  Voila, it would be made up each time!Restaurants good, casino floor, drink-service - all impeccable.  Top hotel experience.  Easy to ride the LV BLVD bus when we wanted to explore down to Bellagio and further south.  Loved this town.  Writing this review gives me the chills to go back again.
3	I received a really, really good deal on a three night stay last December at the Encore. We paid $149 for two nights, got one night free, 2 tickets to Le Reve, $25 slot play, and $50 dining credit.This hotel is definitely luxurious. You can tell they cater to the high rollers and those that want to do Vegas in style. The room was nice, but smaller than what I thought. The room had all of the standard fancy stuff: remote controlled lights and blinds, nice bed, flat screen tv, robes, etc. We were fortunate to have a room on a higher floor, which was nice; it was cool just to look out into the distance (we did not have a view of the Strip).We were disappointed that there were no reasonably priced food options in the Encore or the Wynn. The closest inexpensive food was across the street in the mall or walking to the Palazzo. Overall, I was glad to have the chance to experience the Encore, but will probably not return in the future.
5	I have stayed here about 15 times, everytime i stay here its better then the time before. great service, and the friendliest staff ever. Hottest clubs and lounges are  at Encore XS is by far the best place to club at and Tryst at Wynn which is next door. the pools are amazing they even have a topless pool for 21+ if you wanna have a bad ass time in vegas stay here.
5	I just wanted to give another example of how detailed and polished the service at Encore is: Weeks after my visit to Encore, I planned to write a yelp review on the restaurant Alex located at the Wynn. However, the current menu on the restaurant website is a season outdated so i found it difficult to write a detailed account without some help. I then simply emailed the reservation contact at Wynn/Encore and informed them of my problem. Within 15 MINUTES, they replied back to my email and sent me a PDF of the current menu, thereby enabling me to continue writing my Alex review. Wow. Their exemplary service continues EVEN AFTER YOU LEAVE. Again, Encore/Wynn is highly recommended on all aspects, hotel + restaurants included.
5	I got one of those letters in the mail offerring the moon and the stars to come stay here. I thought it was too good to be true so we called to find out what the "catch" was. No catch, so we made the reservations. When we arrived, everything was in order and they gave us even more comps then they had originally offerred. A very nice and unexpected bonus. Our suite was very nice, although maybe a tad smaller than when we stayed at the Palazzo. Some differences I liked  is that drapes controller never got lost because it was next to the bed and the shower had a little bench built in. I do wish the vanity had been a separate area from the sink but, oh well! I enjoyed a nice bubble bath in the oversized tub while watching tv. The closet space was ample for our trip. Service was excellent by all the staff we encountered. I'll definitely come back, if they'll have me!
5	Just spent 2 days at the Encore. FAbulous. There was no reason to leave this hotel. The room was luxurious. We thoroughly enjoyed our dinners at Botero and Wazuzu.  OUr brunch at the Buffet was excellent. I think our only gripe was that they wanted $10/person to view the Ferraris on display. Didn't we pay enough to stay there?? But, we would still go back.
5	Encore Hotel ohlalla~It was great how the inside of this wonderful hotel seemed like.There was an big open view when you press the open or something button near my bed the curtains flow across the window and I could see Las Vegas!IT WAS WONDERFULi couldnt go to the swimming pool since it was closed so that was the bad part. BUT when i ate at a near by inside restraunt i ate the most DELICIOUS pizza there! it was so HUGE and great! hope i can visit again and again! :D and i got kinda confused where wynn was and encore but i got the hang out it haha(:
5	This was our third trip to Vegas as a couple and this stay was better than the last time. Mr Wynn you have a great hotel, we did get to go to the pool, it was beautiful, the waitresses were always around asking us if we needed anything, by the pool and in the casino. Your staff makes everything easy. Our room was comfortable and not overwhelming, the bed was very comfortable, and the sheets were soft, and didn't give me any problems at all, ( I have to use dye-free and perfume free soaps, which means staying in hotels can be problematic) We liked the automatic features of the room the bedside console that controls the windows and lights was simple and handy. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for an adult trip to Vegas, the Encore can easily cater to a business trip or a romantic trip.
5	Most awesome hotel I have ever been to.  All of the food was awesome, the pool was great, the nightclub (XS) was amazing etc etc.  The only complaint was that the pool was so popular that we had to wait for chairs to open up.  But, I can't wait to go back!
5	Encore is a beautiful, plush, high-end hotel.  The crowd is definitely older, but not old, though the younger folk do come out for their club XS.  There is a feeling of exclusivity compared to other hotels in Vegas.  The rooms are beautiful and well-designed and everything is super-luxurious with excellent service.  My one complaint would be that the pool areas are sooooo crowded but I hear they're building yet another pool so that should alleviate some of the crowds.
5	I just LOVE thos hotel. Stayed there October 2009 in a panoramic luxury suite 745 square feet. It is really a 5 star hotel - clean, great service/staff, luxurious, great amenities, nightclub XS. It's awesome! I will go back for sure :-)
4	Read this note I found on the cabinet where some goodies are stored. "Feel free to read the ingredients or count the calories. If you decide to indulge...and we hope you do...items that are removed for longer than 60 seconds will be charged directly to your guest account. Placing other items inside the bar may also incur charges to your guest account. Refrigerators for personal items are available through Housekeeping." For the first class hotel, I thought it was a little tacky note. Still,I liked this hotel.
5	Hands Down, fave hotel in Vegas!!!  I've stayed at both Wynn & Encore.  I prefer the decor of the rooms at Encore.  The service is great!  The slippers and bath toiletries are superb!
5	I loved Encore!!! Beautiful entrance, beautiful reception area, beautiful room, beautiful pool. Just plain BEAUTIFUL! Let me get the complaints out of the way. At check in they wanted to charge me $150 a night incidentals charges that would be taken off my credit card at the end of the trip. I know this is a 5 diamond, 5 star hotel, but 150 a night? Come on. Never have I been charges this much at the beginning of my trip. Do they not trust us in their rooms? Other than that, the other complaint was the location. It's so far north of other hotels that I like to visit that its a real hike to go and get back to Encore. Construction was still going on for the new Encore Beach Club, so your best bet to get into the hotel off the strip was to go through Wynn. At check in they offered me an upgrade for $25 a night for a Panoramic View room. Of course I took it and before she told me my room, I was praying silently, "Please let it be a Strip View!!" I knew the little secret of the even number rooms being the Strip Views and I got one!!!! I had Suite 5218, right off the elevators which came in handy after coming back after a night at Tryst and Blush at the Wynn lol. View was spectacular, could see all the way down to Caesars and Bellagio. Could see the pools at both properties and right across the street was an empty lot, whoo hoo, lol and Trumps gold tower. They were doing more construction which I found out they were moving the high stakes Baccarat Lounge over to the Eastside Lounge. The glass walls in the casino are amazing during the day with all the natural sunlight coming in. I liked the turn down service in the evening when I came back I had a pair of slippers next to my bed and everything was all made up. They even put my dirty clothes in the laundry bag that was in the closet. The staff is very friendly and very helpful. Ask them for help, don't be intimidated by the high class surroundings, these people are getting paid very much to help you. I went to the concierge the first night I was there to get a ticket for XS and they remembered me three days later when I went to go purchase the ticket. The little things really make this big place the best hotel I have stayed in while in Vegas. XS was amazing but I'll write that review for its own page. Overall the trip was a success, got a great deal from Orbitz and showed my friends how to roll in their first time out there. Next trip, I would love to do the Wynn or Encore again, I wanna do a different hotel with every trip. Thank you Steve Wynn for this amazing creation you have given the people.
4	FIrst thing you should know is there is NO soundproofing between the nightclub and the floors above it.  I was on the 12th floor and could hear the beat pumping till 5am.  How do you build the world's most expensive hotel and not think this through beforehand?  Fortunately the staff was very understanding, knew exactly what was going on(because they must hear the same complaints nightly) and moved me to another room on the 27th.  Still, why put me on the 12th to begin with?Met some really nice dealers in their casino, the staff were really well trained in hospitality, the pool was fantastic, the restaurants were delicious and the casino didn't have that old smoky smell to it.  The spa was great and we really enjoyed Le Reve.
4	This hotel gets a solid 4 stars and this is why.1 for people watching1 for XS1 for the suites1 for the room service-1 for the poolOk so I saw tons of beautiful people in the pool are, thongs and fake tits left and right but the pool itself is tiny and the European pool is even sadder, the only naked people I saw were old woman and all the kids were drunk and acting like dumb shots so I couldn't even relax, I hope that when beach club opens they charge a fee to get in so the cheap ass college kids can stay out and not ruin it. Besides that the place is awesome, not very kid friendly but awesome for adults. Must check it out at least once.
4	I can't remember too much about my initial reaction when I stayed here.  I'm writing this review 5 months later so my memory is a bit fuzy. Go figure.  My stay was comfortable and convenient since it is connected to XS (my fav)!  The decor was very plain in comparison to my favorite hotel, The Venetian.  Other than that, I'd recommend giving this place a try.ROOM SERVICE IS AMAZING!  I had a salmon and veggie dish while my friends ordered a veggie pizza and lobster mac and cheese.  Everything was mouth watering and flavorful!
5	Sorry Venetian, you've been bumped. This is my new favorite hotel on the strip, and rightfully so. The rooms are spacious and spectacular (although the brass was a little off-putting). Do yourself a favor and reserve a room at the upper levels. It will cost a little more, but when you see the view, it is definitely worth it. As simple as it sounds, I loved the remote for the curtains, lights and privacy button. It was so nice to control everything with a touch of a button...FROM MY BED! Never again will I perform such mundane tasks! Customer service is above and beyond anything that I've ever experienced before. The bellmen, valet, bartenders, cocktail servers and maids were all extraordinary and treated us like royalty. Please make sure you tip them! I'd like to mention that housekeeping, in particular, were ON IT. I didn't see them hanging around our room waiting to clean it at all, yet when we would return a short time later, it was magically clean and stocked again. Truly a 5 star hotel.
5	Of course the hotel is gonna be beautiful; it's the Wynn...My review is of the security of the hotel...Actually, those "bike security" that bike around the property.I went to EBC for it's grand opening and like an idiot, I forget my keys...in the ignition without knowing til hours later =( I have a friend drive me to and from Encore to get my spare and the battery is dead...DEAD =(=(=(Thankfully, hotels have everything! I asked one of those bike security if they had jumper cables; and even better, they had a jumper box!!! So, my problem was solved in 20 mins.......after my stupid key, battery dying experience.Thank you, Encore and Wynn for have a jumper box on site and for George on bike patrol =)
5	Just stayed there three nights recently.  I have stayed at the Palazzo, Four Seasons, and MGM suites in Las Vegas, and I have to say that the Encore is just as nice if not nicer than the rest of those establishments.Service: Impeccable.  Everyone we ran into from housekeeping to valet were extra friendly and provided us with first class service.Room:  Again, amazing!  Top-notch room with all the amenities that you could want.  Was very relaxing, it was almost a bummer that we had to leave the room it was so peaceful.  Beds, bathrooms are beyond luxurious!  Food:  The restaurants in the Encore are just as great as those found in the Wynn itself, which are all pretty much first class.  None of them are cheap though, so if you are trying to find a cheaper bite don't stay around the hotel.Casino:  The casino is one of the down-points about the hotel.  The casino floor is very small.  Not a lot of table games, and the entire feel seems to leave you expecting more.  The Wynn is less than a five minute walk away though, which is perfect for gaming.Pool:  The pool is very much mature-adult themed.  Two wade pools, no lazy rivers, waterfalls, or anything of the sort.  One of the pools is a topless pool, but there was only one woman who braved the judging and went around topless.  Great place to relax and soak up some sun, but not the party-type hooking up place in Las Vegas.
1	The worst experience i've had at a hotel in vegas. The place is Gorgeous but the staff and the lack of air conditioning made it unbearable. I had the maintenance guy come twice , the second time he came and said there is no way to get ANY of these rooms under 72-74 degrees due to a design flaw . The front desk also had about 3 mixups and were VERY rude. I will never go back.
4	If I had a choice between the Wynn and Encore I'd select the latter. I've stayed at the Wynn and wasn't impressed at all. During my recent trip to Vegas, I walked through the Encore and it had a much better vibe...more light and happier staff.
5	I'm writing this review as I am about to embark on another LV journey with the girls.. A bit ago, me & j went on a LV trip- first time going with an other without a group of my girls (was sad they werent there!)Truth is, I dont really know how to gamble. I hate buffets. So for a person like me, i go to Vegas for the lavish hotels, morning mojitos, the tricked out pools, and the like. Encore provided just that. Anyone that has walked through Encore knows that the colorful interior with the mosaic tiles and slightly asian inspired (subtle) decor makes for sophisticated without crossing the line over to gaudiness.The spa lounge area (can see it when one is crossing over to the XS pool area) is soo pristine- i wished my gfs to be there- they would have gotten excited about it more than J! The pool itself has two sections. One is directly connected to the spa and on the other side is the European style "xs pool" - although we didnt see more than 3 brazen topless women, it was a big area for sunning and playing blackjack (same area they do at nighttime at the club)As for the rooms, we had requested a "quiet suite" since Encore is known to have loud music coming from XS at 4 in the morning.. so we got a north facing room.. Not the greatest view (just small strip plaza) but the King Suite (which is the smallest room at Encore I believe) was pretty spacious for 2 people.Another thing- I dont know if anyone else notices but the music they constantly play in the casino is by Kaskade. I've heard at least 3 Kaskade songs during this stay and I remember hearing her 3 years ago when i was in this hotel as well- and i actually went home to look up who this artist was- and has made a permanent spot on my ipod playlist. For those that know of this artists work, it adds a serene element to the casino.One of the only negatives to Encore/Wynn properties.. they are so damn far from everything else! We spent most of the trip at this hotel (except for the dinner/show which we cabbed to Bellagio- but the cab driver insisted taking some freeway looking road to get from Encore to Bellagio due to traffic ??)They sometimes send deals over- one that i got in the mail which was 3 nights for 300 (incl weekends)- Except J threw it away and we didnt get to use it! So if you get one in the mail, take the offer! This place will be worth your stay.
4	Just got back from a long weekend trip to Vegas and stayed in a gorgeous room at the Wynn Encore.  The service was impeccable throughout the 3 days we were there and we had a great time.  The pools are great, the dealers are fun, and overall the hotel was on its game.  I only have one regret and that was eating at the Wynn's Alex Restaurant for their tasting menu.  Don't get me wrong, the meal was great, but the bill for 2 for dinner was $700 before tip, which in my opinion is far too much.  I would say that it was worth $400 at best.  But it is Vegas, so pricey indulgence is the norm.
5	I've been to vegas many times but this is the BEST HOTEL EVER! Stayed there last weekend with three girls and we never had to leave the property. Best clubs. Encore Beach was my best pool experience yet. Room was gorgeous and the whole hotel is amazingly over the top.
4	Had our room upgraded - asked for a higher floor to avoid club noise - the view is of construction outside with the mountains in the background and the room is smaller but sufficient. Beds super comfortable nice bathroom and love the tv that turns . Great location on the strip long walk to everything but very modern clean hotel. LeReve wasn't playing this week . In summary,  just make sure you get a room away from the club thumping noise from XS or Trist. The food is expensive but it's Vegas, what do you expect.  Also, the business center was closed but the Concierge printed our boarding passes. The staff is super nice and helpful with choosing menu items and providing directions. Encore is at the end of the strip so depending on what you want to do or where you want to go... The pools were ok... not a lot going on at them and the big thing is getting a reserved seat by the pool or renting a Cabana. We didn't have too big of a problem finding lounge chairs for 2.
5	I don't know what you heard about me But she can't get a dollar out of me No Cadillac, no perms you can't seeThat I'm a  P-I-M-P                                               -50 Cent.The day after we got married we took a quick escape to Vegas and was thrilled to stay at Encore.  We've stayed at Venetian and Palazzo which we still love but the rooms here just make you feel like a dirty ass PIMP!This hotel just makes you feel sexy.  From the music pumped into the Casino to the red decor in the lobby.  The hallway decor leading up to your room are so chic I wouldn't mind it if I got locked out of the room and slept in the hallway.  It's that good.These are the differing qualities of the rooms here that make Encore stand out:1. Doorbell! 2. Centralized lighting, do not disturb notification and roman curtain control at your fingertips (on the nightstand).3. Very posh beds and decor.4. ihome station for your ipod or iphone.If I could make a few changes I would take the spaciousness and  the number of TVs (there were only 2 TVs - the bedroom unit swivels to the separate living area) of the Venetian/Palazzo rooms.  Oh, and if you are staying during the weekend and if you for some wacky reason would like to get some sleep be aware of which side and floor of the hotel you are staying....XS goes until 4:30 am.Until next time Encore.
4	Comfortable thanks to that cheesy Wynn "lifestyles" vibe that removes the hard core of seediness from the Vegas experience. Had an ordinary room in the Tower, which was beautifully laid out and spacious, really one of the nicest-looking rooms I've ever stayed in. The one problem was in the small details of the technology. The room is "wired," or at least pretends to be, but it's funny that all of those gadgets broke down during a two-night stay: yes, the massive TV, the iPod dock, and the console that controls the lights and the curtains all broke down over the course of our stay. Gremlins in the cheap gadgetry aside, the experience was wonderful.
3	Having a hard time rating this one. This should be a 5-star experience, but too many annoying negatives keep pulling it down.Got a ridiculously low room price via Red Card membership. Put a check mark on the plus side!Rooms are most beautiful in Vegas, with a spacious feeling and great amenities described by other reviewers. Check the plus column again.Very friendly staff, including the front desk, restaurants, valet, bellmen, dealers. And beautiful people lined up for the nightclubs. Check, check, and check!So what's the problem? Mr Wynn, I want at least one place where I can get an affordable meal at your hotel. I'm staying four nights and I need variety, something more casual. Especially when I'm hungry at night. You close Zoozacrackers at 10:30, what am I supposed to do when I'm in your casino and hungry at 11? The only late night place across two hotels is the coffee shop and Stratta? And while I'm on that topic, the food there sucked. The sauce tasted like chef boy-ar-dee was in the kitchen.And while I'm on a rant...what's with the nickel & diming on everything? not very classy. $13.99 for internet. $15 to use the fitness center or $55 for the spa access if I want to take a shower or steam afterwards. And why can't I use the Wynn spa amenities as an Encore guest? Don't you own both? No late checkout, not even for a fee. Want to stay an extra night? That'll be at $495 rack rate. Want a comp for all the hours played  here? Sorry, your special Red Card rate invalidated any future comps. What? So you got me in here and now you're saying you won't reward me for playing here?I guess I'll split the rating here and plan on staying somewhere else next time, where I can at least get a decent, reasonably-priced meal without getting my car from the valet.
5	Another fantastic stay in Las Vegas!!!! Previously stayed at the Wynn. Love these rooms even more. The bathroom is just as divine (with a slightly smaller tub). Love taking a bubble bath and watching the flat screen on the wall. Our view was breathtaking of the strip, LV Boulevard and the golf course, but the nightclub can be heard through the thick glass windows. It also stays open past 4AM. Love the separate living and bedroom area with a huge TV that swivels back and forth. Also loved the bathroom amenities and the shampoo that smells like Lemongrass.... so nice. Also the bed, bedding and decor of the room was perfect. I loved the remote switches that let you command the drapes, lighting and doorbell. I accidentally forgot to trip the privacy switch and the maid never cleaned our room. We called and a housekeeper was in our room freshing up within 20 minutes at 2AM. Loved the take home bedroom slippers. I needed something comfy after walking miles in the heat. The buffet at the Wynn is reasonable during the week as we got there right at 11AM, so we paid for the breakfast price at $19.99. The spicy tuna hand rolls and flank steak rock!!!! Every detail from the beautiful decorations all over (which appeal to my Asian heart) to the awesome shops put right in my happy place each and every time I come to the Wynn properties. I also LOVED the view of the waterfall in the Wynn from the back of the casino through some monstrous glass windows. The Wynn properties are pricey, but worth it on a splurge.... can't wait to come back!
4	Stayed here this past weekend and had a great time. I went to Vegas but only once left the hotel (somehow I ended up on the strip outside the wynn after a night of hard partying...still no idea how that happened). Our daily routine was order lunch via room service at 3pm (waking time) then champagne, then champagne again then have the minibar restocked from the previous nights damage....and  proceed to clean it out again. Around 10-11ish we would leave the room to go to XS and around 4am we would hit the tables. Would have been nice to see more (any) of vegas but we had a great time...until we got the room bill. Our hotel room fee was $700 and room service was $800...we didnt feel so big anymore....we transformed from rock stars to nervous teens who had crashed the family car.anyway if you choose to go down the same path we did - get the burger sliders (they are ground beef at its finest) with perfect onion strings, also every bottle of champagne was delish and im sure if you want to save some money (in retrospect, always a good idea) you probably wouldnt be able to differentiate the champagne from the sparkling wine. oh, and they have a room service "happy hour" with corona's $5 each and some of the food for $10 a plate which is not bad compared to the regular price, trust me...
5	We stayed in room 3028 at the Encore last week, and it was great. I had a lot of hesitations based on the reviews here, but we had ZERO problems at all. It was pretty much the best hotel I could have imagined. Service was great; I locked us out of the safe (oops!) and there was a guy there to fix it in less than five minutes.The room itself was amazing. The bed was super comfy. Our strip view was beautiful. I really actually enjoyed the location. Who needs the other end of the strip? When you are staying at Wynn/Encore, you don't really ever need to leave the hotel complex. Especially when it's 104 degrees outside.The gaming floor is certainly smaller than the Wynn's, but not horribly small like I had pictured from the reviews I've read. We hung out by the European pool, where much to my surprise everyone was not naked.  Service poolside was great.If you are looking for an affordable meal, walk the whole block across the street and eat at the mall. Or walk the one block toward the Peppermill. Just don't touch the mini-bar, dummy!
5	Passed through here last night to see if it's really worth all the hype. In short yes it is. Unlike the other Vegas hotels it doesn't reek of smoke and there are not a bunch of 22 year olds with beer helmets on. If I ever come to Vegas not on a company's dime I will be staying here. No questions on that one.
3	What a crazy trip. Got the chance to stay in Encore for three nights, we did most of the partying within the resort. Room is fairly good, not the best have seen. Area is clean and neat. The only downside is the price.... one order of crab leg with the room service is $186~~ and we forgot to put the room service sign up and they never came in and clean the room, after three days, the whole room smells like crab. We literally clean out the freezer (alcohol) looking forward to come back again for a better experience. P.S. The view of the room is really nice, we stayed in 3642.
5	Hospitable! Polite! Respectful! Clean! FUN! AMAZING service over all.95% of the people treated us like we were high rollers.  XS, and Encore pool on Sunday are the best venues I have ever been to in LV.  They keep the pool clean so it's not full of ashes and food like other pools such as Tao Beach and Wet Republic.  The staff is incredible, so incredible that I signed up for yelp just write a review.  The only thing I didn't like about my stay there, was the French Onion soup (room service), it was too salty and I love Salt.  But that will still not taint my stay there.  Oh and!!  I loved the IPOD dock, automatic blinds, L shape couch, Flat screen TV, Carpet in the hotel hallway, robes, and towels.  I just had an awesome time in such a beautiful hotel.
4	I'm not sure why, but it seems as if all of these "sister hotels" end up falling a little bit short of the original. The Palazzo isn't as good as the Venetian, and similarly, Encore isn't as good as the Wynn. Let me start off by saying that I'm still a fan of Encore - the rooms are beautiful (5 stars!) and they have all of the fun stuff like XS, the Encore Beach Club, and Surrender. However, there's just something lacking. If you stay at Encore, you have to keep walking over to the Wynn anyway - all of the casual dining options are over there, and they have a larger casino that just feels more upbeat. I guess the best way to put it is this: Encore is great as an attachment to the Wynn, but it couldn't stand alone as its own hotel and casino. Side Note: They're good about safety! I lost my room key somewhere in the casino, and the rest of my group had left the hotel to watch a show elsewhere. Because the reservation wasn't under my name, the guy at the front desk wouldn't issue another room key for me. It made sense, so I didn't complain...but damn! I had no choice but to gamble some more. Two hours of roulette later, my friends came back and I was finally able to go back to our room...broke, of course.
5	This hotel is simply amazing.  The rooms are huge, the bathrooms even bigger.  The bed is the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in.  I love the separate bath and shower, and appreciate the dual sinks.  You must be careful to not touch the minibar, and walking over to the Wynn side to play poker was a little annoying, but these are minor, minor flaws that are vastly compensated for by the all round perfection of the actual hotel room.
4	Just returned home from a 3 night anniversary trip to the Encore. We loved the Encore, including the fact that the casino was less crowded than its sister at the Wynn. The room was spacious and quite comfortable, although we didn't appreciate that we could clearly hear conversations from the room next door (at 5:00 a.m. mind you) and the hallway, something we did not experience in our room at the Venetian last time. One other downfall was that customer service was not on par with a 5-star hotel. Despite these minor "negatives", we would definitely return.
5	beautiful hotel with fabulously huge rooms, comfy beds, lovely bathrooms.  i love the huge windows which stretch for the length of the entire wall and are from the floor up to the ceiling.  room service for brunch was pretty good, and the service was great.
4	Last trip was the Wynn, this trip was Encore and while I'll most definitely stay here the next time I'm in town, this trip had a few downsides. This is a gorgeous hotel, and hands down, right now my favorite.  The rooms here are slightly bigger than those at the Wynn, and are suites with a small living room, a desk, large LCD TVs that swivel to both the living room and bedroom where there are some of the comfiest beds you'll ever sleep in, large bathrooms with all the amenities, etc, etc.  During our stay, our thermostat was set to low (100 degree Vegas weather of course) but for some reason, our room stayed fairly warm.  It was downright hot in the bathroom, so I called maintenance and while they were quick to respond, the room still couldn't get to the temperature we prefer.  Boo number one.Encore is home to some of Vegas' hottest clubs.  It's got XS and Tryst and now Surrender, but what it doesn't have are late night dining options.  On Thursday, we got to the Cafe Society just after it closed at a little past 11pm. Yes, 11pm.  On Friday, we got there just after it closed again, at 3am.  For a hotel that houses a number of clubs, late night dining options should be a must.  This provided to be a big frustration for us this trip.  Boo number two.A few boos aside, this place is still my top choice for Vegas.  They have several, gorgeous pools, tons of table games and slots, a fantastic spa, and some of the most friendly staff around.  I think every employee I interacted with was extremely friendly and helpful. It's located directly across the street from Fashion Show Mall and if you happen to get bored here, you can hop over to Palazzo, next door.
4	Is the Encore nice? Absolutely. However, i still hold the palazzo as my #1 hotel in vegas. The encore had all the big items down- awesome decor, great pool scene, excellent service. However it was the details where this place does not get my elusive #1 spot. Exhibit A- Air conditioning. The air conditioning in our room was strange. We set it to 70 degrees- yet it still felt warm. There was definitely air blowing, but it just wasnt cold air. We switched it to as low as it would go and still no temperature change. Exhibit B- I really like having a coffee bean or starbucks located somewhere in the casino floor so that when I wake up, i can grab something familiar and quick. There is nothing of the sort at Encore, and their only breakfast place is a BAR that they hang up coffee signs behind. Nothing like staring at a large bottle of grey goose 1st thing in the morning after a long night in vegas. Perhaps im just spoiled by the Coffee Bean at Palazzo ,but you know what? I love that coffee bean!Exhibit C- Small gaming floor. Not an issue for those of us who dont like to gamble, but if you do i suggest you go elsewhere. Exhibit D-  The mini Bar. I brought along a slice of birthday cake to enjoy with me during my stay in vegas. Since the entire mini fridge in the room is occupied with overpriced adult beverages, I had the genius idea to remove them and put my cake in their place. Big mistake. Apparently if the items are removed from the bar for longer than 60 seconds a trigger senses this and you are charged. Luckily the front desk believed me when i told them i was just trying to make room for my cake otherwise that would've been quite a hefty mini bar charge. To their credit, there is a big sign that states this 60 second rule, i just was not paying attention .Its still an annoying rule though.Some of the good things about this hotel is the amazingly friendly staff. Everybody from Housekeeping to room service to front desk had a smile on their face and seemed to be happy to do their job . The decor of this hotel was unqiue and enjoyable. I liked the pools layout and how both the wynn and encore were connected by some very nice shops. Will i stay here again? Sure, if a good deal presents itself. However if im looking for a $200+ /night room, i will likely defer to the palazzo who has yet to let me down!
5	The beau brought me here for a weekend of gluttony together...and it was.  This hotel is amazing.  As soon as you walk through the doors it smells fantastic (piping in tahitian vanilla) and then the flowers - TO DIE for.  The lobby is beautiful. The butterflies everywhere are so amazing.  Every detail has been thought about.  There is something to be said for a man who has OCD and a bottomless pit of money.  He knows how to make a hotel work like a Cartier mystery clock.I love that it doesn't really smell like smoke even though you can smoke in the casino.  I hate smoking.  Bad for you.  Smell worse.  It doesn't smell in Mr. Wynn's joint.  Bonus points for him.The places to shop here...sweet!  Cartier is always on my list of "yes I'll take that please" but wait until your back is turned so I can run out the door with it.  Manolo, Cartier, Chanel, Dior...just to name a few.  If you've forgotten everything but your credit card number...you'll be fine as long as you can afford it.  I "accidentally" got lost on the way back from the pool I was at in the Wynn...and I think I left drool marks on the glass at some of the stores.  Classy no.  Necessary...no.  But a girl can dream, right?We were in one of the regular suites and it was perfect.  We stayed on the 28th floor and could see the pools.  The only drawback is you can hear the nightclubs at night because the music is pretty loud.  We didn't make it into Tryst or XS or Surrender...man those places were crowded!  And the women dress like beaver city.  I swear I saw more Asian beaver than you see in a cheap massage parlor.  Clean it up ladies, nobody wants to see your beev.The service in the hotel was lovely.  We left our "do not disturb" light on accidentally all day and came back to an unmade bed.  We took it off for dinner and it was all better within an hour.  Bonus!!The pools here are amazing.  The adult pool is great.  You can sit out there with your top off and not feel embarassed.  There was some pervy dude out there with his iphone trying to take pictures.  He got yelled at.  That's not allowed.  And that's sooooo tacky.  Who wants to take pics of tits???  As if you haven't seen them before...gross.The grill down at the pool makes GREAT sammies.  Get one.  I had a turkey on sourdough with basil pesto, lettuce, onion and avocado.  Sounds strange, but I promise you won't be disappointed.Try the white sangria...and the acai berry cocktail.  Yum.
5	When we got back from the Encore our friends would ask us about our stay. The bf's response was always the same, "Magnificent." Seriously great service, beautiful views, great rooms, and the most comfortable bed and linens in the world. The downside is that it's at the end of the strip but I kind of like it. It was easy for us to take quick jaunts to downtown or local places without having to deal with the mad traffic. Now that we've stayed here, I'm totally spoiled.
5	I finally got the chance to stay at Encore and holy beejesus, the rooms are absolutely beautiful.  There really aren't words to describe how gorgeous and luxurious the rooms are.  I've stayed at almost every single big hotel on the strip and this is the nicest by leaps & bounds.  The rooms are big, the bathrooms are big.  Even the hallway from the door to the bedroom is longer than my last apartment's.  We had a beautiful view of the pools.  The bedroom and living room are separated.  I can tell the casino was definitely decorated to appeal to Asians.  Everything is red and gold, with dragons, lucky dogs, and butterflies everywhere.  If I could afford to, I'd stay at Encore on every one of my trips to Vegas.  I'd give it 20 stars if I could.
5	Top notch from start to finish.  A stay here will make you feel like the rich and famous, even when you're not.  We were greeted right off the bat, check-in was a breeze (even though we were early), and rooms are absolutely gorgeous.  We were on the 36th floor and had an amazing view of the strip - windows are floor to ceiling.  Everything in the room (lights, drapes, etc.) can be remote controlled from the unbelievably comfortable beds.  Huge bathroom, with a flat screen tv, jacuzzi, shower, his & her sinks, and a seperate toilet area.  Both the lobby and gaming areas are bright and colorful with butterflies and exotic flowers throughout.  There are two pools, one that is more family-friendly (and a bit smaller), and another that is European which had a large bar in the center.  The servers at the pool area were really friendly and seemed like they genuinely enjoyed their jobs.  Lounge chairs fill up quick, so get out there early or at least go leave a towell and a magazine to save a seat.  Drinks, food, etc. are expensive, but that's to be expected at a place like this.  This was my first trip to Vegas...I have a feeling I've been spoiled.
5	I'm gonna agree with everything Karen J said, and add my $. 02Hubbs and I just got back from my birthday trip and we stayed for four days in the Encore Tower Suites. We just got a regular king room on the 53rd floor. The room itself is gorgeous. I'm also a huge fan of the private tower suite check in-because it's quiet, smells nice, and the elevators to your room are right there!! You don't have to haul your bags far or across a casino. Service was outstanding too. Unfortunately, you will hear club noise-we had a strip view and were right over Surrender and man, I could hear the music loud and clear in our room. Now granted, too much alcohol and a flight at the crack of dawn-plus a 3 hour time difference-and we were in our room way early. If we'd have been out till the wee hours, like we usually are, it probably wouldn't have bothered us.Restaurants were good-we ate at Wazazu, the Buffet at Wynn, and Cafe Society. All were good, and I'd go back again.The European pool is rad-we got a cabana and it was beautiful.  It's so nice not to have kids running around-drinks are good, and we could order room service to the cabana. We didn't go to any of the clubs, but like someone said, it's hysterical to watch the hoe train come in. Anyways, we had a great stay-everything was wonderful, and we'd definately go back!
4	We recently stayed at the Encore for 3 nights as a part of a packaged deal which included a 3 night stay, 2 tickets to La Reve, and a $25 dollar slot machine credit (which I promptly lost in about 20 minutes).  Overall, the hotel was very nice.  The lobby and casino decor is very gaudy, as is the Wynn, but since that's what they're going for, I won't hold it against them.  The hotel rooms and hallways were lovely.  Our room was beautiful and comfortable, although the view of down town Las Vegas left a bit to be desired.  Don't listen to those warnings from the front desk about noise from the club.  Get the view of the strip and wear some earplugs.The pools were fantastic.  Very beautiful and plenty of chairs to be had.  If it hadn't been so hot we would have stayed out there longer and rented a cabana, of which there are tons.  The casino itself was nice, and smelled good, which is an accomplishment, but not much different than the other hotels in this class.Although the hotel was nice, our customer service experience was a bit disappointing.  When we checked in, we were offered a selection of about 5 available rooms.  When we chose one on the 34th floor, we got our keys and headed up.  Upon arriving, we noticed a $20 bill and some change sitting on the desk, and then an open bottle of lotion on a table, and when I looked in the bathroom and saw multiple personal belongings on the counter, it was confirmed - the Encore front desk had checked us into someone else's room!  Thank goodness those poor people weren't IN the room when we opened it up.  And thankfully we are honest people and didn't steal their belongings!  We immediately grabbed our things and left to tell the front desk that they had checked us into an already occupied room.  The woman at the front desk acted flustered and irritated (not really apologetic though) and offered us an upgrade to a panoramic suit (over the regular suit we had booked).  It was basically the same exact room on a higher floor, which afforded me a better view of the Riviera.  Great. We also inquired about using the gym.  Your choices are 15 bucks a day per person, or pay the resort fee for all nights you are staying, which was $67 dollars in our case.  No, thanks, that's TWICE what I pay for my monthly gym membership!  Considering how expensive this hotel is, you would think the guests at the Encore would be allowed to have full use of the facilities offered without paying extra.I also agree with some other reviewers that the food options at this hotel are a let down.  $3.50 for a small black coffee and 4 bucks for a croissant is not the best way to start your day.  We wound up walking across the street to Fashion Show mall for several meals for better dining options at better prices.  I suppose I can include close proximity to the mall as a plus.As a side note, La Reve was completely amazing, and whether or not you stay at the Encore, it is definitely worth seeing!! Overall, the hotel was nice, and as long as you don't mind spending a lot on your trip, you will have a great stay.  Well, if they don't let strangers into your room, that is!
5	Dear Mr. Wynn,I love Encore. I really do. It has the best looking rooms with the best views of the strip. XS is by far the best nightclub in Vegas and it's fitting that it's part of the Encore resort. Your slot machines in your casino are awesome. If it wasn't for one of your Wheel of Fortune slot machines, I would've been down $20. But I broke even on my last spin! Your staff is amazing and polite. I checked in early at around 11:30am and I was told that my room was already ready! Your pool areas are the perfect places to relax and soak up the sun. And your pool waitresses...yummy. Just, yummy.With all that said, I must apologize to you. I have to apologize on behalf of myself and my friends. On the night of July 3rd (more like early morning of July 4th), we might have made a little bit too much noise in the hallway outside of our room. You see, it was 3 in the morning and one of my friends had brought a girl (more like a crazy ass bitch) he met at Surrender back to our room. The rest of us knew what they were up to in the room and we decided to barge inside, but he had put the door lock hinge thing in place. Thankfully, they were done with their dirty deed and were looking for their shoes. We were all extremely tired and wanted him and the aforementioned crazy ass bitch to leave the room, so we repeatedly yelled at them to hurry up. I'm thankful that no one in the other nearby rooms came out and yelled at us for being so noisy and causing such a ruckus.I would also like to apologize for the numerous amounts of "hair" that was left on one of your beds (and subsequently shaken off onto the carpet). Apparently, that bitch sheds like crazy and doesn't believe in waxing or shaving or trimming. She was your typical jungle monkey. Ugh, it sickens me just to think about it. We left a note for our housekeeper to change the sheets the next day. I hope that she did. And I hope she vacuumed the carpet too. I have full faith in your housekeeping staff that room 5426 is spotlessly clean now.To quote Mike Tyson and Bradley Cooper from the movie "The Hangover"..."People do dumb sh*t when they're f*cked up."Sincerely,Brian T.
4	Great hotel, but I give the edge to the Bellagio primarily due to the better views (Encore treated us to a wonderful view of a construction site and a strip mall). We did love the room and the decor of the hotel and would stay again -- IF it's cheaper than the Bellagio.
5	We took advantage of the Southwest Vacation deal with flight and hotel, and it worked out so that our rooms were really cheap, however the process was a bit of a pain in the ass. That's something else.Checking in was quick, we got upgraded to the 56th flr, but we didnt have the strip view. Our friends who were on the 37th did and a nice view of the wynn logo. Both rooms were king sizes since they ran out of doubles, but there were more than enough room with an L-shaped couch and a roll away. Mirrors everywhere! i especially love the mirror by the bed that was floor to ceiling. being the blind bat that i am, i need to be a good 3" away from the mirror to fix myself up and being able to sit on the flr made my 1-2 hr make up routine so much easier.the room also came equiped with an ipod dock which we blasted california girls and freak nonstop.the layout of the room was pretty well thought out--space for our luggage but it did not interfere with our walking paths. enough room for propped-timer-pics and more than enough room to fit two room of girls for some pregaming fun.service was great--thanks joseph for working through our mess and organizing our shoes. he even left a note for us :) although we were lucky with our housekeepers, we couldnt say the same for the other room. two of the girls had their bills stolen.HIDE YOUR MONEY.also, concierge doesnt seem to understand their role as helping their guests. instead they directed us in a maze to the business center to drop off a package to mail. most other hotels took the package and mailed it for us.the greatest thing about staying in encore is that we rarely had to leave the hotel. we went to XS both nights and the only time we chose to leave the hotel was for wet republic, dinner at palazzo, and haze (because we were told the lakers were going to be there). your feet hurts? let's run upstairs and change!overall, great stay at encore. i would definitely try to stay here again, especially with XS downstairs.
5	Absolutely spectacular.  Spinning flat screen tv, best pool scene in vegas.  hottest clubs.  from start to finish this was an amazing 'ultra casino'.  As the name Encore suggests...I would do it again!
5	This place is a top notch joint. They sent me a VIP stay here. The rooms were awesome. The bell hop and valet were awesome. They gave me what they promised and did it with class. From Check-In to departure I was a happy camper.
2	The rooms are really nice however I am not sure if I would ever pay that much for a room again. We just wanted to stay there once to see how it was. We had problems with the hot water and yet the hotel did nothing to comp us. The service over was the worst I had in Vegas. We also had to wait a long time just to check into the room. Never had any of these issues at any other hotel and to bad since the rooms were really nice.
4	Like a few other Yelpers, I stayed here only because of a deal sent to me:  3 nights in an upgraded King Suite for $299 (plus the insidious $20 per night resort fee - which consequently gives you free in-room internet, unlimited long distance, and spa access), 2 Le Reve tickets, and $25 bucks of slot play.The room itself was incredibly spacious with a large bathroom, spacious living area, and nice bedroom.  I really expected the bathroom to come with a nice spa-like tub (which is present at the Trump), but it did not.  The suite came with a separate shower & bathtub.There was a large TV that swiveled so you can watch from the comfort of your bed or a large couch.  Also, nice touches like the automatic curtains and shades made it really enjoyable.But for me, not necessarily worth the price of admission.  Even at the discounted rate.Heck, when you factor in that you can get dirt cheap rooms in Vegas right now, I don't know that I could justifying staying here again.Plus, the Casino is just so-so for me.  Overall, if you get a good deal, I think it's just nice to stay at this caliber of a hotel at least once.  After that, well that's up to you.
3	If I could give half stars I would rate the Encore a 3 1/2, not just a 3, but I couldn't bring myself to click the 4. I spent 4 nights at the Encore while on a business trip. The room was large and well appointed. I was on the 62 floor with a great view of the Strip and the pool area.No complaints with the housekeeping staff, they were quick and efficient and cleaned my room early which is helpful when I come back between appointments to rest or freshen up.The problem areas are the pool, the restaurants, and the front desk. The pools chairs are taken up quickly, they were all gone by 10AM on Saturday in the European Pool (and it had opened just after 9AM despite a posted 8AM opening).The restaurants are horribly understaffed, even the nice ones, so despite good tasting food the service is very spotty, empty plates linger too long, water & coffee isn't refilled, courses come out too slowly. It was very disappointing.And check in is a nightmare. Luckily I had a host so it wasn't too bad for me, but I came downstairs to eat after check-in and 30 minutes later, people who had arrived at the same time as me were still in line. At check out, I went online to check out and two items were on my bill that didn't belong to me. It took 45 minutes to fix and going down to the front desk to fill a form out before I could leave. Thank God I wasn't in a rush.Overall I like the hotel, but I still like THEhotel & Caesar's better, but I also would have no problem returning here knowing what to expect.
5	i love everything
5	I hadn't been to las Vegas in 30 years so was not quite sure what to expect. The Encore is a great "all in one" resort. Almost no need to go anywhere else. The design is amazing: Vegas but not tacky; the rooms, service, pools, restaurants, shopping, the show "Reve"- all great. The Spas is especially luxurious and a great resource. Unless you are going to another show, no need to leave the place!
5	Just stayed here recently for 4 nights. Love this hotel. The rooms are big with a nice modern theme. They are pretty close to the elevator as well. The free pool which is the outdoor section of XS during the day is great.  Service is nice everywhere in this hotel. It's also located on my favorite side of the strip. Walking distance to Tao, Lavo, Surrender, EBC, XS, Tryst, etc. Only time we needed a taxi was for Wet Republic, and Vanity. Also the fashion mall with a awesome food court and ABC store to cop prefade bottles is just across the street with a walking bridge connecting plus the cafe near XS is open all night :)
4	Like others who reviewed here, I came to the Encore based on an offer received in the mail. At the price offered, this was a very good deal for an breathtaking room. The grounds are also really elegant, and the adults only pool is a great retreat from the family atmosphere I hoped to avoid.At every turn, service at the Encore was excellent--from check-in to check-out. The staff was helpful, attentive, and very friendly. Only a few gripes:- Wait for the taxi stand was often 20+ minutes. Don't even think of jumping the line or they'll bust a cap in your ass. Also, it's near the end of the strip so be prepared to pay at least $10 to go just about anywhere.- When the pool area got busy the staff--while very friendly--didn't keep up. We often waited 15-20 minutes for a cocktailer to come by and then another 15+ minutes to get our drinks--which were crazy expensive. (Expect to pay $16 for a margarita and $50+ for a pitcher without tip.)- You can easily spend a weekend in Vegas and never leave the Wynn/Encore complex. However, outside of the room, just about everything was expensive... not a little bit--a LOT. It's ingenious that they get you to come there with a cheap room. Trust me, they make up the cash while you're there.Having said that, I should say that the Encore really isn't about traveling on a budget anyway. It's about immersing yourself in a Vegas fantasy of luxury, opulence, and service. And on that note it definitely delivers. Just be prepared to pay for the privilege.
5	More like 4.5 Stars...Encore is definitely better than Venetian and Wynn. (Tied w/ Palazzo)I have stayed at Encore at least 5-6x now and I would probably never pay more than $300 a night here. The hotel may impress some for the first time, but it's getting a little too old for me. I actually like the new rooms at Aria more, but checking in at Aria was absolutely horrible. If you do not mind staying off the strip, I would highly recommend staying at the M Resort. The hotel rooms are new and have more of a modern appeal over Encore. The only thing I don't like about the M Resort was the fact that they are priced around $175-200 for Fridays/Saturdays (Californians get 30% off). That's pretty much the same as staying on a cheaper property like Paris on the strip. If you don't mind the drive to the strip daily, I would recommend staying at the M. The average rate for a King bed at Encore on Fridays/Saturdays is around $300-$350.Overall Encore is great for:+Groups (People who stuff 8 people in 1 room - you know who you are)+XS / Surrender - The option of just going back to your hotel room after a night out.+Shopping - The mall is across the street.If Palazzo was cheaper than Encore by $50 a night, I would rather stay there. However, I believe there are resort fees($10-15) at Venetian / Palazzo properties and there are no resort fees at Encore/Wynn.
5	OK, WOW.This hotel is freaking amazing. Our room were awesome, the service was outstanding, the clubs were hot, and the pools were beautiful. We got the tower suit and it was soooo nice. HUGE bathroom, with 2 sinks a really nice shower, and a hot tub. The beds were really comfortable even though we didnt really sleep on them at all. The best part of the room was 1. the view of the pools, and 2. The fact that our room was upstairs from XS and we didnt have to taxi back to a different hotel.If you go to vegas, i believe you need to do vegas right. Definitely coming back to the Encore.
5	Tower suites are frickin amazing. Let me tell you.  I took so much free products home because they keep restocking them after you use them.  I won't have to buy shampoo and shaving cream for a while.  Haha, I am an unashamed Asian.   Room service is top notch.  Living rooms are humongous.  And 60+ inch TVs. I don't want to leave.  The view is also amazing of the strip.
4	This is an amazing hotel.This is what a luxury hotel is to embody.From the courteous front desk to the exuberant bell hops it is a wonderful experience. We came for a 21st birthday celebration. Though my group was sorely out of place we were treated with utmost respect and even some honesty. I loved the sincerity of the staff.I will say that the gym is so small and I was received a bit rudely. You know fat people work out too. Its so we can eat all the yelp suggestions. I also felt that the pool was tiny, though pool service was prompt and attentive. Who would have thought pots of water an lemon would feel so good in Nevada's summer.One of the highlights was their sending of a birthday chocolates to my little 21 year old. That was so sweet. Thank you.
3	Stayed in a Resort King Suite. Mostly comfy...but for a hotel that bills itself as top of the line, there were lots of glitches. The 1st room they gave us had hair in the wash basin, hair on the pillows, toilet paper in the toilet, and visible stains on the sofa. They moved us to another room, and that one also had hair in the wash basin...hmmm.View of the strip from the 51st floor were nice (we paid for the panoramic room upgrade). Room was spacious and comfy.One annoying thing is they don't let you use the fridge in the room for your own items...we were warned that if you disturb any of the contents (either remove or add) that it might trigger a bar charge (from weight change sensors I guess).Didn't like the fact that the hotel doesn't have adequate non-smoking areas in the casino or pathways to your room...so not a good choice for non-smokers like us. Also, there are better restaurant and shopping choices closer to the City Center/Bellagio area and the Wynn/Encore is a little out of the way. (I'm told the Vdara is a much better choice for non-smokers since it doesn't have a casino on-site and is a non-smoking property, and close to better shopping and restaurant selections).
4	The Encore lives up to its predecessor's luxury and opulence. The suites are lovely and the casino is generally low-key and nearly smoke free. And for a non-gambling non-smoker, those things are nice! The pool area is shockingly small and cramped for the size of the hotel. I found that a little off-putting. The drinks, of course, and weak and way overpriced, but its Vegas and you have to expect that. The food selections are interesting - not much in the way of accessible cuisine. The clubs are apparently very popular and LOUD. Staying on the 38th floor, we could hear not only the bass, but the lyrics of the music below at Surrender. Just a tad annoying. We will stay here again b/c our overall experience was lovely, but these were the points that stood out and I warrant being mentioned. If you're going to stay in a hotel that puts itself on such a pedestal, then be advised of the things that might knock it down.
5	Vegas prime.The tower resort suites are where it is at. Stunning views from 2 sides, all the luxury that Vegas has to offer, and incredibly helpful service from all the staff. As with everything that Steve Wynn touches, this place was sheer gold, and the price point, while high, wasnt untenable. Especially if split 4 ways, it really is the size of two rooms at least, and you will have ample chilling/boozing/partying space.Everything in the hotel is new, clean, and high end. Yes, the rooms at the Palazzo may be slightly nicer, but they are also stuffier.  This was modern chic at its finest.
5	I just got back from Vegas 10 minutes ago and I'm already having withdrawals. This place is awesome, I really have nothing bad to say about this hotel. The price is a little high when paying face value but its defiantly worth it since your surrounded by non-ghetto people.  I'm sure this is old news but if you don't want to wait in line to enter one of the hottest clubs in town then stay at this hotel and get front line access for free.
4	Loved our stay at Encore!  Our friend booked a block of rooms for her birthday party attendees at a steal...knew someone or something.  So we stayed in a tower resort suite for the price of a nice off strip hotel. Everything's better when you are getting a deal.Check in was a bit of a zoo...we were in line for 15 minutes or more. But once we got to the front, the front desk person was quick, efficient and helpful.  We were warned that Sunday check lines were horrific so best to check out via tv in room. YAY!  (Also this was kind of cool cuz I lost my hubby at one point and by reviewing our bill on tv, I found he was in the gym. He had to pay $15 for access but I guess that's Vegas right?)Mix of people staying here...X and Y generations were about even. Made for some great people watching.Loved the swank decor-felt so Vegas with all of the mirrors. Our view was mountain/downtown not the strip but still looked amazing at nite.My hubby loved the tv in the bathroom and the big flat screen that swivled for viewing from living area or bed.Even though we were out late and at the pool early...I got the best sleep in our bed. Most comfortable hotel bed I have ever been in. Wonder if they sell them like the Ritz does?  Anyways...Closet was nice sized although we could've used more hangers. There were tons of drawers throughout the room and in the closet. Token honor bar with outrageously priced items...if you move them you will pay. The Encore is connected to the Wynn by a hallway of shops so once I forgot which side of the hallway I was on and took the elevator up to the 35th floor on the Wynn side. Couldn't figure out why my key wouldn't work. Oops. This was Before we went out...it was a mistake the bell man said happens alot.There are 3 pools...the Encore Beach Club pool which you enter like a club...has stripper poles and lots of dancing party people...and then the "regular" pool for "regular" people and then the European pool for 21 and over where you can choose to go topless or not.  Needless to say, very few topless while we were there and mostly guys in the pool. I do recommend renting a cabana if possible as that was a fun experience and since they are air conditioned($600 but not awful if you split with loads of people) ...makes it possible to enjoy being outside when it's 107 degrees like last weekend. Flat screen tv, lots of towels, small fridge with complimentary non alcoholic beverages, our own dedicated server and 2 restaurants we could order food from. They didn't seem to enforce the maximum allowed people in the cabana so we had lots of folks coming and going. Wynn vs Encore- I choose Encore.  Less smokey around the casinos and just seemed less "themey" to me.
2	I know that the room's housekeeping associates are available until 5PM, usually.  I did have a privacy sign up for a while. However, I did press the request for housekeeping services before I left the room for the day, which was well before 1PM.  When I returned, the room had not been made-up.  Toilet paper hadn't been replenished after the 2nd or 3rd time that I had requested the room to be turned down. I was disappointed. Disappointed and upset, I was forced to use the restrooms closest to SWIM, nearing the self-parking lot. I was unhappy to have to use that restroom when I was hoping to enjoy the amenities in my own hotel room. Shortly after finding that my room hadnt been turned down and items hadn't been switched out, replenished, etc, I left the room for several more hours.  Once I returned, the room (at about 11pm) had finally been turned down.  I was upset that it took so long. I was also very disappointed to find that when I checked out on Monday, that the front desk associate that I spoke with didn't seem to care too much that I was unhappy. I did explain to her that I did understand and know that it had been very busy this past weekend and so housekeeping may have had more rooms than normal to take care of.  I was trying to be understanding. Anyway, as I was checking out, she didn't seem too worried about it. She seemed to have the attitude like oh well, you're checking out so it doesn't matter anymore. She did suggest that in the future that I could call again for housekeeping services if they were necessary.  I explained to her that I had called again for services, but I still didn't like that I had to wait so long for towels, robes, blankets, mats to be replaced, toilet paper to be replenished, etc.  I made my reservations at the Encore Hotel Resort and Casino several months in advanced. I was SO excited as I would be visiting to celebrate my birthday.  I thought, somehow, that I would have an absolutely exciting and pampering experience at the Encore, considering it is ranked as one of the top hotels in Vegas. Honestly, I was very disappointed. I was also disappointed with the room service-in room dining services.  I loved that they had a variety of foods available, and many different types of food as well. There wasn't just a breakfast, lunch, dinner, dessert menu.  There was also an Asian menu.  I thought that was pretty awesome. I called for in-room dining at about 8AM.  My phone call was answered pretty promptly.  The person on the other end of the line was nice enough but not exceptionally happy sounding, or friendly. Anyways, I placed my order. She repeated it back to me. When it arrived, it was incorrect. WOW! That was pretty bad. I felt horrible. My husband had to wait another 20+ minutes to receive his breakfast pastry. That wasn't real cool. Really, my expectations weren't met and I'd love to return in the future. I can only hope that Encore-Wynn will help to make my next experience exceptional, or do something to change my opinion.As guests check in, I may suggest having one single line. That way, each person will wait an average time rather than some waiting for 2 seconds and others for 20+ minutes.  I know that the hotel sees a lot of people in a single day. However, try to greet them by name when checking them in and out. Check their ID and at the same time, try to notice their birthday or where they've travelled from and try to talk to them a little bit about something that you have in common with them. Develop rapport. I think that the staff should provide services that are a bit more personalized. Like I said, I know it will be a difficult task but I think guests would appreciate it!The small things became a huge deal to me. - toilet paper not replenished- toiletries not replenished- house keeping services not completed in a timely manner- drink service pool-side was EXTREMELY slow (wait time = 40min)I will gladly tell friends and other Vegas visitors that the Encore is a beautiful hotel. However, I cannot tell them in full confidence that I absolutely loved my experience there or that the services provided to me were beyond my expectations.  I really was disappointed.I had made several calls to the hotel prior to my arrival, weeks and days ahead.  I did explain that my husband was going to accompany me on this trip and that I did want him to be listed on our room. He hadn't been listed and therefore, it took a while longer to add him to my room. Also, I had requested information about the deposit that needed to be left for the room for any incidentals. It hadn't been explained to me that it was going to be $150-200 per night/day.  It had been told to me that it would be $200 - 250 total.  It wasn't a big deal but I did leave my higher limit credit card at home for this purpose. I expected a friendlier attitude when I visited the pool. I expected the server to be more considerate of the time that they took to deliver drinks to guests. (there's more)
4	We stayed at the Encore King Suite and it was just great!  I think they had the most high tech rooms with small things that you are like- Yeah this is cool!The housekeeping personnel were very responsive and went an extra mile. Hell, they even remembered our breakfast in bed preferences! Absolutely, loved it!Why 4 stars instead of 5? I need to stay in couple of others to  make the decision.
5	I did not have the pleasure of staying at the Encore, but my friend stayed here this past weekend, and we visited her, relaxed at the adult/european pool (tops optional), checked out her amazing room, dined at Society for lunch, and I am wanting to go back for more!  This hotel is lush, sexy, I don't know if its the red that brings out a vibe, the opulent decor, but it was amazing!  My friend got it for a good deal,  I'm hoping I can find a deal in the future, and return with my husband.
5	An overdue review.. Loved it! Stayed at the Tower Suites and it was nice to have the private entrance and pool to get away from the crowds. Rooms so huge that you can do a double cartwheel in the hallway! Just saying,  if "one" chose to do so, there is enough space for it.
4	I think Steve Wynn is a genius when it comes to hotels! He makes hotel, luxury, & relaxation go hand & hand (& hand). Las Vegas is around the corner for me, LA-LV only 4hrs, that's nothing! I've stayed at many hotels- I don't stay committed to one place, come on it's vegas, experience everything-even the hotels. Saying that, this is one of my favorite LV places to stay. I've been here twice & both times it's a ball! I feel like royalty! I don't even want to leave the room, because it's so much better than home & outside world, but I have to return to reality & eventually eat. If room service wasn't so pricey (along with the hotel prices), I do everything in the room; eat, sleep, relax & be in pure happiness! I've stayed in the regular Resort Suites; when it first open, and it was a pleasant surprise. Because I've stayed at Wynn Hotel & didn't think he (Steve Wynn) could top that beauty, but they did with Encore! I gave a minus for this beauty because we went during the soft opening and there were some issues; like messy walls (smudge markings) the bathroom had the dilemmas- temperature of water & cleanliness, but it was worked out and the remainder of the trip was goodWould I come back? Sure, if I started to poop out money and didn't have "adult responsibilities" to take care of, because it can get expensive staying here so we'll have to see if I can afford coming back. It is a place to experience, even if you're just walking to the casino or club/lounge.
5	Gotta give props where props is due. What can I say about this place that prob hasn't been said in over 400 reviews? I dunno there's a walgreens across the street if you don't wanna pay $8 for water and a liquor store in that same parking lot if you wanna pregame. Otherwise I stayed on the top floor the rooms are sick views are sick all in all it's prob the best hotel in Vegas! You get what you pay for here and trust me bring a fat wallet or a couple of empty credit cards!
5	THE BEST HOTEL IN VEGAS! We loved it here. The European pool was amazing during the day. The clubs are great at night. It doesn't get better than the Encore!
4	I enjoyed my stay at Encore. The rooms were Beautiful! The staff there were very helpful. There were windows in the casino which was nice, you never see that in Vegas. The self parking was nice, very easy to get into, and the parking elevators werent far from the room elevators. If you going to Vegas on somewhat of a budget, not the place for you. Can't play a poker machine at the bar and get a free drink, and if you decided to pay for a drink it was close to $16. My other complaint, was my room never got cold enough.
5	How can you NOT give this place a 5 star rating?  I mean seriously, it's as good as it gets!  The moment you get dropped off by the taxi, you know you've arrived at the best hotel in Vegas.  People greet you and open the doors for you.  You feel important.  You get your room card and it's imprinted with your name, your phone is personalized, and so is the TV menu.  The lights and curtains are all remotely controlled.  Da baffroom has a LCD built in so you can watch MTV Cribs while you're in your own rented crib.  You might find this strange, but one of the things I really appreciated was the fact that the shower actually dumped water!  I mean LOTS of it!  I can't tell you how annoying it is when you use a hotel shower and all you get is a few sprinkles.  This one douses you.  Love it.Another nice touch was when housekeeping put a nice shaving kit on the counter for me when she realized a man was checked into this room.  It wasn't a cheap Bic plastic razor either.  It was a nice brushed stainless steel-looking disposable one that looked like it cost a few bucks.  Can't complain about that!  I thought it was a nice touch.  Everything else was top notch at this hotel and they really pay attention to every detail.  No wonder this hotel is the most costly to build on the strip.  We were told it cost Mr. Wynn $3 billion buckaroos.
5	Let me just start by saying WOW!! I have traveled in a lot of places stayed in everything from crummy Best Westerns to Loews resorts. This was the best stay I have had at any hotel anywhere I have been. The Staff were always friendly, courteous, and helpful. I used the valet, dined in the restaurants, used the sundries, the cafe, the fitness center, and of course the front desk. I did not have one interaction that was anything less then pleasant and satisfying. The Atmosphere of this hotel is spectacular. It is alive and vibrant without feeling crowded or noisy. Walking into other hotels on the strip was like leaving a quiet room and entering a chaotic mad house. Even on peak nights the inside of the encore was tranquil. Crossing over into the Esplanade you saw where everyone was at but within the confines of the Encore it was still civil. The red colors and butterflies were very modern and nice and both me and my wife really liked it. I can see where it may be too much red for some people but I I really enjoyed it.The rooms are spacious, well lit, luxuriously appointed, and still modern. My only disappointment was when I saw the alarm clock was integrated in the curtain and light controls I assumed the alarm would trigger lights to come on and curtains to open. That didn't happen but that was the only negative I can find (hence the 5 stars).  We had a 54th floor panoramic with mountain views. The floor to ceiling windows and the comfy couch with chaise were perfect for enjoying it.The beds are super comfortable I have a very expensive mattress at home and this is the first hotel we have stayed in that had a bed we liked more then our own. The linens are soft, warm, and clean. The pillows were outstanding  and I wanted to take them home with me. The TV selection was decent and having the music choice channels integrated was a nice touch. There is a resort fee of $20 a day that covers WiFi, fitness center, and some other stuff. I used the internet quite a bit as well as the fitness center. The fitness center is a great way to start your mornings and grab some free water as well. Headsets are provided there are numerous treadmills, bikes, and ellipticals. There are your standard weight machines and free weights as well as places to stretch and do situps. They appeared to have some cardio rooms in the back as well.Me and the Wife are not big gamblers but I did go up about $30 in the 5 mins I played the dollar slots. I cashed out and didn't play again the rest of the trip. The casio floor on the Encore is not as busy as the Wynn which makes it feel much more relaxing. The air is the least smokey of all the casino floors we walked in. The Restaurant selection is outstanding and there are some late night options but not many. More on that in my restaurant reviews coming up. So all in all a no hesitation easy 5 star rating for this majestic, elegant, masterpiece at the end of the strip.
5	Stayed at the Encore again on my trip to Vegas last week.   Still as classy, clean and beautiful as ever.    If you're in Vegas make the Encore your hotel of choice.
5	I just got back from Vegas a couple of days ago and me and some friends got a suite here! Everything and every part of this place is decorated and designed beautifully. When I walked into our suite the first thing that came to mind was WOW!!! Our view was beautiful and everything about the room was beautiful, especially the bathroom. I really loved the glass shower and I loved how there were two sinks and a huge mirror, they even provided a light up vanity mirror. Another thing I loved about our room was that the curtains, privacy notification (aka the please do not disturb sign) and I believe the lights were all remote controlled! LOVE IT, because I'm too lazy to get up and do things when I'm on vacation! We called house keeping quite a few times, okay okay MANY TIMES and they were pretty slow with bringing things up, the only time they came up quickly was when we asked for a bunch of band-aids and security brought that up to us. But with my experience house keeping at most hotel aren't instantaneous because they have other guests they need to take care of as well.On a lighter note, staying here was so convenient because you have XS and Surrender right downstairs and plenty of good restaurants to dine at, PERFECT. If you're heading downstairs be sure you have your room key with you because if you don't the security will not let you get to the elevators until they see your room key! Oh, and I believe when you check-in, you need to put down a $250 deposit. Which you will get back minus the hotel fees. I'll be back the next time I'm in Vegas! I can't imagine staying at any other hotel.
5	Wow, this place may be as good as it gets when you consider Vegas!This resort has everything you'd ever need!  Pools are great (does get really crowded), the suite was extremely WOW!  Marble entryway and marble floors in the bathroom, separate shower and soaking tub, great views of the strip!  Food is incredibly delicious and there are many restaurants to choose from.  Casino floor is large and from a few tables you can see the pool!Rented a cabana for a day, it was definitely worth it especially when it was 104F!!!I usually try to stay at different resorts when in Vegas, but after staying here I don't know how I could stay else where!
5	Hotel is beautiful and the room was great.  Only issue I had was housekeeping.  Would rec the tower suites as the room, view, and convenience to everything(pool, spa, casino,and especially getting out of the hotel through tower exit) was awesome.  Sinatra's was great food and service was outstanding
5	I just got back from Vegas a couple days ago and spent 3 nights at Encore and the last night at the 4 Seasons for a wedding. I've stayed at the Encore before, and it's absolutely the best. If you're into a cool scene, the clubs are great, and so is the atmosphere. The staff always greet you, and the concierge is truly helpful. I asked for Asian restaurants at the CityCenter, and the concierge was very knowledgeable and honest. We had a lot of luggage and garment bags, so when the bell came to pick our stuff up, we were ecstatically surprised to see our car ready waiting at the valet with everything already packed. We had left the room the same time the bell man left. That kind of service is unmatched. The pool is a great place to hang out and meet new people, the music is trendy with good remixes, and the servers are very attentive. The Encore spa is absolutely amazing. Quite large steam room and sauna. There are 2 hot tubs that are massive, and the rain showers are the best. You can adjust the music, lighting, and jets. The best place to stay on the strip for luxury, relaxation, and a fun time.
5	LOVE LOVE.I stayed here because I got this nice physical piece of old school mail one day with the offer of $300 for 3 nights at Encore. Ridiculous right? I had a great dual queen bed suite with the panoramic view of the strip. Service was very classy and the location is unmatched. Everyone knows that the places to be right now are XS and Surrender and well, staying at Encore, both these clubs are literally just downstairs. The other perk of being a hotel guest is that you can purchase your admission to the clubs ahead of time (but not discounted) with guaranteed admission. This is incredible crucial if you're a guy. I am pretty sure I'm going to spoil myself everytime i go back and stay in vegas. Encore for sure. check-in took me a matter of minutes! you can ask for a small fridge brought up to your room for the goods!Have fun!
5	This place is awesome!!! very modern and you get floor to ceiling windows with an awesome view of the strip.. Make you get the even room number  though so that you would actually be facing the strip...or else your view will be ross and 7-11 lolz.. I think the best view would be on floors 25-30 ... Fashion Mall is just right across so if you dont gamble you can always go shopping... THe pool is awesome probably one of the best in LV. They even have Nude area if your into that. If your into the club scene, make sure you check out Club XS... Loved my stay there...THe biggest plus for me is that... It doesnt smell like cigarettes just like all the other older hotels...
5	My wife and I stayed at the Encore just last week and it was amazing!  We stayed at the Wynn for our honeymoon two years ago, and I thought no hotel could surpass it, but Encore is just as amazing if not better.  The two properties are extremely similar in their layout and experience, but I have to give the edge to Encore based on the room layout.  We loved the Encore resort room, with its separate seating/living room area.  We were lucky enough to get a strip view on the 12th floor.  Even though we were on a lower floor the view was still spectacular.The pools at Encore were also great.  We were at the regular resort pool the first day, but went to the European/Adult only pool the second and third days to get away from the kids splashing and playing in the resort pool.The service at the hotel is what you would expect from a 5 star hotel.  Everybody was very polite and helpful.  They made the stay that much more relaxing.After our stay at the Encore, I don't know if we will want to stay anywhere else when we return to Vegas.  Which I hope is soon.
5	Not perfect, but for a place to stay on the strip, I'd find it difficult to top. I agree with some of the reviewers criticisms regarding the check in. for some reason, the check in counter is too understaffed and too small, especially during busy times. Their isn't a clear queue order, their should be a single line because each line may go painfully slower than the next. The Wynn has a private, larger check in area- the check in area at Encore is just the side of a wide hallway, almost like they forgot to design it into the master plan. Food was good at the restaurants we ate at, very good. Great steaks, though I think there are too many restaurants in the Encore/Wynn that call themselves "steakhouses"...not so great for variety.Purple coated security staff are also friendly, knowledgeable and happy to help with any questions. Resort suite room was huge, and our view was spectacular over the strip and the golf course.We had free tickets to Le Reve which was better that we had expected and would go see again.Casino is nice...drinks are not comped at the bar poker machines at the Wynn and Encore.Location feels a little north in the grand scheme of things, but the walk to the newer Aria shopping wasn't too bad, and some will appreciate being across the street from the Fashion Show mall.
2	My partner and I checked into the Encore on last Tuesday. The room was very nice. The bed was very comfortable. The first evening we were in the casino we learned that the Wynn/Encore does not comp drinks when playing machines at the bar. The bartender was embarrassed telling us this. Now I know the economy is tough, but really? He further explained that they serve cocktails to players on the casino floor, not at the bars. I was playing out on the floor, never was offered a drink. I guess the cocktail waitress for the entire casino was on break. However, we were propositioned by two hookers that evening at a bar at the Encore. Asked us if we needed company for the evening. Guess the economy is tough when they proposition the gay guys. At the pool during the day, it was nice. However, by Friday the ghetto was arriving and the music switched to gangster rap. This was annoying also. We got propositioned again at a bar in the Wynn on the second night. Again, did we want company for the evening?Saturday morning while drinking coffee at the coffee bar near the elevators at the Encore, the working girls started coming down around 6:30 AM. It was amusing to watch. Guess the night shift had ended and they were heading home. You wouldn't expect a place like the Wynn/Encore to be OK with this, but clearly they are or it would cease. We usually stay at the Palazzo when in Las Vegas. It was full, so we went to the Wynn/Encore. We have never experienced the hooker situation at the Palazzo/Venetian. I wouldn't go back to a Wynn property.
5	For service, comfort, and a sense of quiet in the 24/7 beehive that is the Vegas strip the Encore wins hands down. I read a ton of complaints regarding the club music being loud in rooms facing the pool, so we requested a room facing away, and after an attempted up-sell we were accommodated, and never heard club music. The restaurants are nothing spectacular, but it is good food and service was consistently great. My favorite was the room service cheddar macaroni, I ordered it twice.We went out several nights and coming back to the Encore was a breath of fresh air both literally and figuratively. Definitely going back.
4	For someone who has been going to vegas since I was 16, it means something to say that this is my favorite hotel/casino in vegas. It's luxurious without appearing "cheesy".  The size is perfect, not overwhelmingly large like many of the other vegas hotels.  The crowd is generally a bit less ghetto and the the there has been some obvious care when they selected the waitresses.  The suites are nicely appointed, but a bit smaller than those at Venetian.  They're not great with the comps, but I guess they don't have to be since I'm sure they generally have a high occupancy rate.  Encore Beach Club is fantastic, I'd definitely recommend going there, but try to reserve a space if you do. J
4	Just returned from a fantastic 4-day, 3-night stay in Encore's King Suites. My bf and I checked in at 4pm on Labor Day without a wait or a hitch, though they did try to upsell a suite on a higher floor for an additional $20/day. We passed and were not disappointed with our room on the 16th floor in the slightest. I have a 5 am internal alarm clock and slept til 2 pm each day no problem thanks to the black out curtains and QUIET. I heard a door slam maybe twice and the faint sound of a hairdryer in another room once but that was it. The room was a bit warm when we first arrived but quickly cooled when we adjusted the room's temperature. Everything is electronically controlled from the privacy feature to the curtains covering the floor to ceiling windows. The amenities in the room are great! Loved their shampoo/conditioner/shower gel set which lasted the two of us our entire stay. Since our $20/day resort fee covered wireless internet and access to the fitness center I worked out once and was impressed with the number and variety of cardio and weight machines. They provide water and towels, too. Out of the two pools we frolicked in, I liked the European pool best just because of the crowd and the fact that there was a poolside bar. (The other pool has a cocktail server.)We had originally planned on seeing O at the Bellagio but it was sold out all three nights we were there (note: book your tickets ahead of time!) so we ended up seeing Le Reve at the Wynn Theater.... IT WAS PHENOMENAL! We sat in the 2nd row where tickets were only $99 compared to the rest of the seats. We were so close we could reach out and touch the performers if we wanted. Didn't have a problem seeing a thing. The show was the highlight of our trip and worth every penny. By the way, the Encore concierge was a huge help! They booked our dinners and shows and checked us in for our flights as well as printed out our boarding passes.My only complaint? Room service stinks food-wise. Dropped $80 for a salad, fries, and two entrees. Service was quick, the food was nicely presented and hot upon arrival, but the texture and taste was really disappointing. Well, except for the fries but it's hard to screw those up. The Caesar salad had WAY too much dressing on it and the pasta was mushy (overcooked) and bland. Spaghettios would've been a better fix than what they served me! I added the meatballs for $6. They gave me three which were large but tasted horrible and were thus inedible. The Wynn Buffet was just okay, too. We went for dinner on a weeknight and it was like $75 for the two of us. The lamb, mashed potatoes, and desserts were  my favorite there.My bf of course liked the prime rib and alaskan crab legs. My dining recommendations? If you can, grab a drink at Parasol Down in the Wynn and get the White Sangria. They were pricey at $13 per glass, but SO GOOD and gave me a decent buzz. Botero Steakhouse is beautiful. We had after-dinner drinks and dessert here one night. The chef's ice cream selection was AMAZING but the chocolate souffle was a flop. I LOVE chocolate souffle's and didn't care for this one at all. There was no chocolatey lava center..... Finally, take advantage of your location to the Fashion Mall. They have TONS of less expensive food options for breakfast and lunch. We ate at CPK for lunch one day and stocked up on Ketel One and cranberry juice at the ABC Store to drink in our room and fill up our flasks. We splurged on our dinners and my absolute favorite was Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak in the MGM Grand. It was a $20 cab ride each way but it was SO WORTH IT. Encore, you were lovely to stay at but please work on your in-room dining!
5	Loved this place. The euro pool is the place to be. Had a great time.
5	This review is for the Encore tower suites. The tower suites have there own separate check-in and entrance which is perfect because the regular check in line is ridiculously long at times. We were assigned a host for our stay. She was so helpful and accommodating. She even sent up a plate of fine chocolates and a card for my boyfriend on his birthday. Our room itself was on the 15 floor. We had a nice view. The room itself was really nice. I like the decor but I think they could have done more with the art. I loved the layout. I think we spent most of our time on the craps tables. So we didn't see much of our room. The made came twice a day and cleaned the room. I love when hotels do that. The hotel itself is truly amazing. I really enjoy the decor in the Encore. I love the crowd as well. Classy with a dash of sex appeal. The staff was wonderful. I even enjoyed the staff at craps tables. Most of them were originally from New York, which is awesome! On our last day we booked a cabana by the pool and lounged. I really liked the pool area. I didn't like the awkward wind. It was so windy that day, most people just laid out. If you can book a cabana I recommend it. I watched the guests. Most chairs were taken. The cabana had a fridge, plasma screen, radio, towels, and free refreshments. I will be back again. I love this hotel.
1	I've got a bone to pick with Steve Wynn...We stayed at the Encore earlier this summer and had the most disappointing experience.Here's my beef:-Upon our check-in, they sold us on a $50/night upgrade.  When we compared to the other guests in our group who did not upgrade, we realized we were completely ripped off.  However, being in the Towers did keep us away from the XS 4am music so many other yelpers complained about.-We were also told there was a special pool included in our upgrade.  What they meant to say was that THE WYNN has a special pool for their tower guests, we had to schelp ourselves to the main pool.-Crusty room service cart was left in our room for 3 days!!!  -Encore Casino bars do not comp drinks.  I was told (even at the high roller bar) that I needed to move 3 feet to a slot machine, order my drink from a cocktail waitress (after flagging them down) and then return to the bar if I wanted to play the bar machines.  Or pay full price, which I what I ended up doing 90% of the time.  This is retarded.  When I complained, I was told "No one cares what you think" by a sexy Patrick Swayze looking bartender.  We proceeded to have a whole conversation about how none of the Encore employees give a hoot how much I'm paying to be on vacation AT THEIR HOTEL.  He explained that they were enduring large series of layoffs and the entire staff was disgruntled.-I had the EXACT same "No one cares about you or your damn vacation" with another pretty boy bartender at the boobie pool bar.  While these 2 guys were nice enough to me during these awful convos, they were perfectly clear about the fact that I am better off staying elsewhere in Vegas.  WTF???!!!  They were completely dogging their own hotel.-We had a cabana 2 days in a row, and only received decent service for 1/2 a day.  The poor girl also sang the same song, telling us that they were severely short staffed and she was doing her best.  Our other servers were so non-existent, our group took turns walking across the pool area to the bar.  What fun is a cabana without a cabana boy (or girl)???The only good memory I have of the Encore were my room service fries.  Those were amazing.  The decor was pretty, but nothing could make up for the (lack of ) service when we're forking over major dough.  Sinatra's had good pasta and there's a great bartender in the red bar from NY.  Seriously, that's all I got.  Go elsewhere.
1	JONATHON at the front desk needs to treat customers like customers, we are not criminals. Dude you are rude.2 Trips to this hotel in one week.  I found the staff to be generally unfriendly and not helpful.  The front desk was not amicable to me and the restaurant was extremely poorly run.   I saw someone throw up near the wait station and no one cleaned it up.  Instantly lost my appetite.Luckily my room was paid for. No way would I spend any money here.Nice new hotel with a ghetto attitude.  People are spending a lot of money to be treated poorly.
5	Stayed here in late Aug 2010. Room was on 23rd fl, overlooking the backside of the hotel (so had a view of Circus Circus & the Hilton), obviously would've preferred a view of the other side of the Strip but was happy I had a higher floor room nonetheless.Spacious & clean, but I would have to say I prefer the Wynn over the Encore. Overall decor & size of room & size of bathroom were better at the Wynn. Everything else was great, service was impeccable just as it was at the Wynn.Only complaint was that my room had a funky odor I couldn't identify (kind of smelled like feet - ick). And by the time I really noticed it, I was already unpacked & too lazy to re-pack everything to move to another room. So I bought some room spray from Bath & Body Works & rid the room of the smell on my own haha.Also, the pool: 1 advantage of being an Encore guest is that you have access to both the Encore AND Wynn pools (Wynn guests only get access to the Wynn pool & not both). I prefer European (aka topless) pools & found the pool much bigger & better at the Wynn. Encore's was nice, too, just harder to find a chair b/c it's much smaller than the Wynn pool.
3	A great place to stay! The 5-star rooms are absolutely beautiful! The dinning experience was only average for this 5-star hotel and the restaurant prices were far too high.
3	Went for my Birthday! Great Room. Poor service. Expensive drinks. Nice view. Pool is ok kinda lame actually. The staff that is there when you can find them are really friendly and love to help people out.  We had a dealer that would actually bet for me. The casino is nice. The best part of staying at the Encore was the Bathroom.  Beautiful marble floors, huge bathtub, Nice glass stand-up shower with separate toilet, TV, and a double vanity with a nice light up 3X mirror.Garth Brooks was cool too!
5	This is what every hotel should strive for. Lobby pristine. Rooms are (to steal a word from Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody) MagnificoOooOoo. You come home from drinking you will pass out in the super comfy beds. The room has a snazzy,awesome couch and their is a business desk for getting work done. (Not sure who does work in Vegas, but good for them if they can). Room was just FLAWLESS..The bathroom may have been designed by some divine touch. It is exactly what I want my bathroom to look like in in my future house. Other features was a Tv, see through shower glass, tub, expensive tiling, and enough room to hold a ballroom dancing competition. My kind of bathroom.This whole hotel oozes first class.
5	Love the vibe here.  Doesn't feel like a typical casino, with open spaces and vibrant colors.  Good clientele, and good dealers.
4	One of the few classy looking Casino/Hotels on the Vegas strip. You can tell you're at a classy place when so many of the women are dressed to look their hottest! I'd give this place 5 stars if they opened their Beach Club on days besides Saturday.
5	I stayed at the Encore again 3 for labor day and it was as good, or even better then last time. The service was the impeccable like last time, just the weekend was more fun in general bec of labor day! Encore again outdid themselves that weekend. We pulled up to the valet (the guy remembered my name btw!) and right away someone came to take our bags to the rooms.The inside, red and beautiful as usual, and the room was even better then the last!!This is definitely my vegas hotel!!
5	Great spa, beautiful rooms, helpful staff and AMAZING decor. It's just a marvel to walk through here and check out the detail that went into this place. Nice large, clean rooms and plenty of good restaurants to choose from. The pool is nice, though a little boring for kids, and the only complaint I have with the entire place is that the rooms don't get cool enough in the summer. Shop for rates and you'll be able to stay here for almost nothing. It's a good hike over to the Wynn so if you want to access everything over there regularly you may be better off staying in that hotel.The spa here is one of the most beautiful I have ever seen and the staff and services while pricey have always been good.
5	Consider yourself checked into the lap of luxury. You see, at the Encore you'll notice the quality they keep and the cultivated beauty that radiates throughout the entire property. Modern decor, check! Simple yet elegant furnishings, check! And to top that off, the service was excellent! Talk. About. Service. When in Vegas why not feel like a princess? Or Prince? Simple pleasures from the bell hop who took our luggage up to our room, the taxi ushers who made hailing a cab quick and painless and for our ever so clean and well kept rooms thanks to our daily cleaning ladies. Our few days here at the Encore were definitely worthwhile. When you want to feel ultimate splendor, check into the Encore! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~5/5 Ambiance - The mood, character, quality, tone, atmosphere.5/5 Service - Helpful, accommodating, efficient, delivery and speed?5/5  Food / Merchandise - Quality, taste, presentation.3/5  Price - Reasonable, inexpensive, high priced?(Based on Irma's review rating rubric - http://static.px.yelp.com/photo/evXt-5kyL-guqoCwxaAxtQ/l
5	Stayed here for 2 nights (Friday and Saturday night). They gave us a room with a strip view! I haven't stayed at Bellagio or Ceasars Palace yet, but so far Encore and Palazzo are my favorite hotels to stay at....maybe because all the rooms are suites. Good:Switch for opening drapesiPod deckAll lights turn on using a switchGood lighting in the room and bathroom2 robes in the bathroomPlenty of glasses: 2 wine glasses, 2 cups in bathroom, 2 regular cupsLots of mirrors all over the room (including next to the bed)Modern decor with interesting paintings throughoutHas a closet that is large enough to hold 2 luggageFelt more spacious and open compared to PalazzoBad:(nothing was bad so I'll just compare to Palazzo)They only have 2 TVs (bathroom and bedroom) instead of 3No separate vanity to get dolled upSofa was smaller than Palazzo Since Wynn and Encore have the best clubs in Vegas (in my opinion), it's so convenient to stay here. I love Encore and Palazzo in different ways. My 2 favorite places to stay in Vegas.
5	Encore, you really are the best hotel I've stayed in on the strip.  The decor was beautiful and I fell in love with the suite.  I loved the partition of the bed and living room area.  Room was even big enough to share with a couple of your your friends.  For the ladies there are double sinks and tons of mirrors so that we can all get ready in this room!Not only are the rooms nice but they are prime location for the current in clubs Surrender and XS!  Very convenient to be able to get right back upstairs into your room when your feet are dying in the heels.Top notch service all the way!  I guess you get what you pay for!  I would love to stay here again the next time I'm in Vegas.
1	I do not seem to share the same enthusiasm as a lot of these reviews but I guess we all have different experiences.  I will break my experience down simply.PROS:- Beautiful Casino.- Surrender and XS look like they would be a great place to shake your tailfeather.- I definitely liked their pools and cabanas.CONS:- I upgraded for an additional 50 per night.  Total rip...there was no special tower pool and the rooms were the exact same.- Surrender's thumping base could be heard til the wee hours of the morning.- Customer Service was not up to par and people didn't really seem to care if you were unhappy with the service they were giving you.  You think this would be the opposite since Vegas is hurting so much for business.I will definitely be back to check out the Clubs but not as a guest.
5	For the first time going to Vegas with all my high school loves for my best friend's 21st..it was a blast! Encore was the biggest reason why this Vegas trip was so amazing! They were awfully nice! Our keys were personalized! Kenza knew my friend just turned 21, so she sent her chocolates, gave her a players card of 20 bucks! We had 10 people in our suite (shhhh) and I think we made housekeeping go to our room about 30 times for extra blankets, pillows, towels and toiletries! hahaah! Thank you! Tons of mirrors for the girlies to look at ourselves 20 million times. The view was beautiful! Kenza gave us the suite with lots of noise because of XS..but we didnt hear anything! :)The King size bed was extremely comfortable and I loved the fluffy comforter! hahaha! Our pack is to come back here or its sister, the WYNN, as doctors, dentists, pharmacists, and businessmen and BLOW OUR MONEY because WE CAN!  (that was quite motivating..Im going back to studying now!!)Enjoy! ;)
5	The Encore has the best rooms that I have ever stayed in of the hotels in LV.  Of course, I haven't been able to stay at the Mansion at MGM like Tiger Woods, nor can I afford to blow 10K on expensive hookers (or even cheap hookers).The all-suite Encore is a very spacious room with a living room that is semi-divided.  The decor is top notch and all drapes and lighting come automated.  Each room is equipped with a doorbell and electronic privacy and housekeeping button that you can set.  This avoids those annoying hang tags and prevents anyone from switching them from Do Not Disturb to Please Clean Room.  When I was little, I used to do it for fun.  I know, I was a naughty boy.I would have liked to sit out by their beautiful pool, but my Beluga whale complexion would reflect a substantial amount of light,  blinding pilots trying to land at McCarran.But unfortunately, since I'm Asian I don't get to see much of the room or enjoy it.  That's because I have the gambling gene which is a dominant gene in the Asian community.  The sound of gaming chips clacking together is like an aphrodisiac for me.  But I don't prescribe to all Asian stereotypes - I refuse to play Baccarat.  I always see Chinese people at the tables with a pen and note pad.  Looks like they are doing math - I think I will pass on this one.In regards to gaming, Encore has a slight problem in making their gaming area a vibrant spot.  They do not offer a great selection of slot games and not a whole lot of variety in their table games. But, you can take a quick jaunt to the Wynn for better gaming action.
5	We just stayed here for our honeymoon and it was the best hotel ever! I've stayed in the Wynn, and this hotel blows any room at the Wynn out of the water.The entire staff was so nice, except for the daytime "ladies" that work at the Conceirge - they were rude and condescending.The room service is out of control with the price, but the people who delivered it were so awesome along with the food. The Bellmen were super awesome too.We didn't have a chance to get to the pool, but loved the casino and the buffet.We will definately stay here again.
5	"Wow" just simply does not describe the experience we just had at the Encore.  The elegant sophistication of the room's design, along with the incredible views of the strip and mountains was superb.  The hotel itself, along with its sister hotel, with which it is linked by an esplanade, is magnificent.  The lounges, clubs, casino area, restaurants and grounds are excellent.  We only go to Vegas once a year, but this is now our hotel of choice.  The staff was excellent, from the bellmen who helped us out of our cab, to the concierge who printed out our boarding passes upon our departure.  The room service is very pricey, but the lounges and restaurants are not out of line with an upscale venue.  The pool areas are well laid out, although it was a bit cool for our tastes (although quite a few people were out at the pool).
5	I wish I could live here. This is everything a hotel should be: friendly & helpful service (please make use of the concierge while you're here), immaculate rooms, and wonderful dining & entertainment choices. It's classy without being ostentatious, and all you have to do is take a stroll through some of the other hotels in the area to immediately see the difference.There's a console next to your bed that allows you to push a button to open/close the drapes along the wall length window looking out over the strip, another one to dim all of the lights, and other to dim by the section of the room...bed goes up, bed goes down. Bed goes up, bed goes down...One small quibble: from the 55th floor, I was still able to hear the thump-thump of the clubs below when I lay my head down on the wonderfully comfortable beds. Hopefully, you'll either be too tuckered out from your excursions to let it bother you (as I was), or you won't actually be going to bed (this seemed to be the choice of many of the guests judging from the zombies walking amongst the living each morning).
5	I LOVE ENCORE! the rooms are beautiful! and huge! hugh tv! amazing view at night from you room. a bunch of my girlfriends and i stayed here and it's very convenient to have connecting doors. There are mirrors all along the hall way and the whole wall on the other side is also a mirror, great for a bunch of girls getting ready to go out. So you don't have to fight over the bathroom mirror, everyone can get ready at the same time :) which means more time to party and less time to get dolled up!! there are pretty good clubs to go to that are near by when your looking for a fun night out. XS and Surrender nightclub is just downstairs so no need for a taxi. The wynn is right next door so there you can go to Tryst night club or enjoy their buffet in the day time. The mall is right across the street and is walking distance so again you dont need to waste money on a taxi. To stay at encore it can get a little pricey but there are always deals online so you just have to check. Considering it's a fairly newer hotel you get what you pay for. I would definitely come back especially in the summer time for all the fun pool parties :)
5	Winner Winner Chicken Dinner. I have stayed at all the 4 and 5-star hotels on the L.V. strip and Encore beats every hotel on the strip without question; let me repeat that Encore beats every hotel on the strip without question.  Better than Bellagio, City Center, etc etc etc....
4	Stayed on the 37th floor with the floor to ceiling windows(amazing views) and the magic controls by the front door and beside the bed to control the lights, blinds, sheers, etc.  The room was a suite and is very nicely appointed.  Bed is comfy with 6 pillows, bathroom was spotless and the 42" flat screen didn't hurt either.The Encore's personnel make you feel welcome and appreciated from check in to check out.  I needed some shoes shined and called down to the Bell Desk at 5 a.m. and a person answered straight away and had someone come up to the room and pick up the shoes. When I returned the shoes were back in my room and had a shine on them like i've never seen before.The only reason the Encore doesn't rate 5 stars is due to the expense of food within the hotel and distance from all the action on the strip.
5	Pros: Beautiful, spacious, and comfortable king suite.  Very professional and accommodating staff.Cons: Noise from parties outside bled through the windows (22nd floor), our window frame was making noises occasionally for some reason, not as many scenic areas in the hotel that we could see as opposed to, say, the Bellagio.
2	Stayed here for three nights for my parents 40th wedding anniversary celebration.  I have to admit, I had high expectations after reading all the rave reviews and hearing over and over again how this was a five star resort.  Perhaps my expectations were a little TOO high.  The rooms were beautiful but overall I would say our experience here was only average, and we probably won't stay here again. Nex time I will opt for the Bellagio or Mandalay Bay. Here are some more details about our stay:Pros: 1) The rooms. Gorgeous and spacious.  Everything is electronic, so you can be uber-lazy and shut your draps or put out the privacy notice without leaving the bed.  The beds were very comfortable, and the pillows were heavenly.2) The on-site staff. They were five-star friendly.  Everyone bends over backwards to make sure you're happy and comfortable.Cons:1) The towels in our room REEKED of smoke.  Now, my parents didn't have this problem in their room, so I think maybe our maid was a smoker.  But it was a problem every single day we were there, so it wasn't just one stray towel.  ICCKKK.  2) The hallway of our floor (12th floor) also reeked of smoke half the time. Now, I understand this is Las Vegas, but we specifically asked to stay on a NON-SMOKING FLOOR!  And there are signs everywhere, so I don't know why it smelled so terrible.3) The other half of the time, the hallway reeked of pungent cleaner mixed with a ham sandwich. I'm not kidding. It was such a strong, gross smell, we wanted to throw up.2) The resort is small and offers few amenities compared to the Wynn. You have to walk over to the Wynn for practically everything. My b/f wanted to get his shoes shined and had to walk to the Wynn. Ditto for me when I wanted to get a facial- their spa is very small and was booked up.3) The pool.  It is placed right between the Wynn and the Encore and gets sun for only two hours in the morning. What a stupid place to put the pool.  It was shaded and cold all afternoon.Beware, the Encore is not all it's cracked up to be!!
5	I stayed, gambled, and partied at Encore during the Halloween weekend. I must say, this is the best hotel I've ever stayed in. Granted, I've never stayed at a 5-star hotel before, but I feel you cannot ask for more. Gambling: The roulette table was so much fun. My friend Jose spilled his drink on the table and nobody even yelled at him or made him feel bad. They just cleaned it up and joked about it. So cool. Also, as a first time customer, they gave me and my friend Carlo $20 to play the slot machines. We ended up winning over $100 collectively from that.Pool: European. Nuff said.Room: OMG. So nice. My phone had my name on the LCD. The room had a doorbell. Next to my bed was a control panel that could close or open the curtains! Swivel flat screen TV. Floor to ceiling windows. Tub and shower. Dual sinks. Amazing concierge service.Nightclub: XS and Surrender are both at Encore. Surrender was awesome, but XS, I cannot explain how nice this nightclub is. You have to go to find out. It was expensive ($50 cover and $500 bottles), but hey, it's Vegas. It's expected.Food: Ate at the Wynn buffet. Incredible. Although I prefer hot crab legs over cold ones. It was fresh nonetheless.
5	A long overdue review for our April, 2010 trip but better late than never I always say.We received a promo in the mail for Wynn/Encore and booked 3 nights at the Encore since we've both visited the Wynn before(and were mighty impressed).Crazily enough, we took THE BUS from the airport and it dropped us off at the back of the property(at the convention center) where there was a shuttle to whisk convention-goers to the front doors of both properties.  The instant I walked into Encore, I fell in love with the smell.  If you're crazy sensitive about scents, this might not be the best place for you but I liked it so much, I bought a bottle of it in the gift shop.I prefer the Encore to the Wynn because it's quieter and a bit away from the craziness.  We were there mid-week but checked out on a Friday afternoon and there were loads of people so maybe it gets nuts on the weekends.  I'll stick to weekdays, thank you! : )Our room had all kinds of hi tech gadgetry and a great view of the south strip.  Very comfy bed, great bathrooms.  the pool and gardens were lovely.  Not a negative peep in me about the whole experience.In the past I have always stayed at different hotels on the strip, but thinking the Encore may be my go-to place.
5	I haven't been to the new ARIA yet, but Encore is by far the best casino on the strip.  It is classy looking, clean, and the watiresses come by often to serve you.  They are faster with the drinks than any other casino I've been to in Vegas.  They also have a lot more slot machines here than anywhere else.  The restaurants are better.  And the overall feel of the casino is just so "vegas".  It gives the high end vegas feeling, not the low brow ghetto vegas feeling.  I would spend the money and stay here.  The club at Wynn is phenominal, check it out if you don't want to go to the newest Vegas hotspot.  Derek
5	The rooms were very nice. The way they designed it made it look spacious. More so than it actually is. Bathroom and shower are your typical suite bathroom and showers. They do have a master control pod for lights and drapes. That was fun to mess around with for a while.Basically, if you've ever stayed in a suite in Vegas, then it's pretty similar. The one thing I do like is how the check-in is close to the elevators and there's no 24 hour security guard asking to check your room key. The bad thing is it's behind a bar so you either have to cut through or go around.
5	this hotel is beautiful! the bed was big and comfortable- could fit three just right, and probably could squeeze in one more. the window was huge. and not some dinky 1/4th of a window like ti. room serivce was quick when we ask for one of those cot. the bathroom was amazing too. t.v inthe bathroom. a seperate tub and shower. the had a door that seperated the toilet from the rest of the bathroom. def. spoiled by this hotel.
5	I love the Encore!! They definitely have more unique rooms and designs than other 5 star hotel suites. We stayed in the Resort Suite. There is a floor-to-ceiling mirror right next to the huge, comfy bed. If you look at the pictures, there is a wall separating the bed from the "living room". The wall is cut out so that the huge TV is right in front of the bed!  I also love the fact that the rooms here are so high tech. One remote controls all the lighting in the room: from the hallway lights to the lamps, and even the blinds, there is no way one would not want this feature in their own home! As for the Casino itself, love love love. Connected to the Wynn, there is so much going on here. So many clubs and lounges, restaurants, luxury shops, etc. Sure other hotels have these features too, but not as many and not as classy as the Encore.
4	This is one of my Favorite Places in Las Vegas. We came here to watch a closed-circuit viewing of the World Super Welterweight Championship Fight of Manny Pacquiao and Antonio Margarito last November 13th at the Encore Theater, It was Fun, and the event was so organized. My Over all Experience is great.
5	We got a great deal over Expedia for 4 nights + flight. When we got there, we got an additional $100 resort credit to spend ( happy!) . Room is very spacious (considering we live in NYC, we were happy), trendy, and clean. Loved the mini fridge, i don't think the prices were outrages, beer was $8bucks, that's like getting it at a club/bar. There is a mini tv in the bathroom, don't konw why, but i was pretty excited about that, and did spent some time watching tv while getting ready to go out etc. They have a sundries downstairs and they sell food/alch as well, if you dont want to get stuff from mini fridget it's only a little cheaper imo. Went to the buffet, it's ok, wasn't as great as alot of other reviewers. Nice/clean and not ghetto casino. Close to the fashion mall, but it's kinda at the end of the strip.
1	Probably this thee worst hotel in las vegas!The room was filthy, the bathroom looked like no one had cleaned it from the previous guests, and the manager refused to come look. I took pictures to show him and he finally admitted they missed the room. Just imagine urine on the toilet and vomit in the tub. Then all the reservations done by cynthia were off by an hour causing us to miss out show Le Reve. They wouldnt comp us for that mistake and we lost our tickets. The moron hostess at Bartelotta tried to seat us the bar even though we had window reservations and then lied that she didnt. This hotel has so many managers they cant comunicate properly; completely disorganized and rude. I will never return.I bet Circus circus has better customer service skills. Good luck if you go....
4	One of the best on the strip. Friendly staff, good games and great food. Use the red card for games. Ask if there are any upgrades available. They will accommodate
5	This is one of the best hotels I stayed in, ever. Granted I booked this last minute and did not really cared where my finace and I stayed as long as it is clean and had decent place to sleep. I booked this trip for a last minute mile run for my airline elite status before the end of the year. I arrived thinking this is another one of those glitzy Vegas hotel exterior with passable rooms but I was happily surprised to find a really well designed modern suites, there is really no need to up-grade at all! The bathrooms features dual sinks, separate shower, large tub, and toilet with a door. The ladies will really love the lighted 20X magnifying make-up mirror and vanity seat. The living room/study has a nice L-sofa with ottoman, desk with enough room for 2 laptops (because we always work during our vacations), and an amazing view of the strip. The bedroom has a large comfortable king size bed with a flat screen TV, remote lighting system, and remote shades.  I have lived in many hotels throughout the world and I have to say this is one of the nicest hotel rooms I had ever been to without demanding for an upgrade. The overall tone of the rooms are soft beige walls with black trim framed white ceiling and decorated with modern art. Almost like a Chanel showroom. This hotel room is so nice that I am taking pictures of it and having my contractor to remodel my home to its design.There is another tid-bid of information that will help you book this hotel and that is, the Wynn has the best looking client-el. Wynn targeted young professionals in the upper to mid income range and middle aged upper income individuals who enjoy luxury and do not mind paying a little extra for it. When I said best looking, I did not mean that everyone in the hotel look like they should be in a movie with Brad Pitt but they are well dressed individuals that look like they have well to do. Normal attire on the casino floor are polo shirts and khakis sprinkled with some individuals in sports jackets/suits. The ladies are usually dressed in the latest west coast fashion and high heeled Christian Louboutins ready for the clubs or a show. Very different than the MGM grand and Circus Circus chest high jeans crowd. Good Job Steve Wynn! I will be in Hong Kong next year, guess where I'm going to stay?
1	Wow never realized I never updated the "resolution" to this! It's a good one! So after waiting literally weeks I begin speaking to a supervisor in billing, a woman whose name I can't remember, who was very impatient and at times down right rude. Her and I first spoke because the guy that was helping me before went on vacation and just left my billing issue to pend his return. Nice. So she takes over my issue, with no apology for her associate leaving my issue pending, and after another week, and a lot of arguing, fixes our bill. So when she made the final call to me to tell me that I should be seeing the credit within a few days I asked her exactly how much the credit would be so I could verify it was what we had discussed. Her answer? You have the email, look at it! Wow, OK I ended the call there. This issue could have been an opportunity for the customer service at the Encore to shine, but instead they failed miserably.
5	These rooms are simply luxurious, I've had apartments smaller than these suites!  Between the readily made available amenities and room service there's no need to leave.The casino floor itself is pretty small but connected to the Wynn so all your gambling desires are within a short stroll.
4	Near perfect.  The rooms are so nice, you never want to leave.  The pillows, the mattress, the comforter... I feel like a fattened grizzly bear, bundled up and hibernating in a plush cloud.  People have posted plenty of pics, so you can see for yourself.  You could totally live out a James Bond fantasy; pick up a tailored dinner jacket from the Brioni store down the corridor , then have "hot girls delivered to your door."  Or have your amateur porn shoot.  Or a romantic tryst with your significant other.  Yes, the room is pure SEX.  I could just feel that vibe, as I looked out the glass wall at the fantastic view of rubble and construction which was once the Stardust.  And yes, they do charge you for the emergency adult kit equipped with lubricant and condoms.  You can find it in the snack tray next to packages of M&M's and Reese's Pieces.  Some might give points for the wall of a mirror by the bed, so you can watch you and your partner in intimacy... or you might give minus points for the feng-shui faux pas (mirrors facing beds incites fighting and possibly cheating for people in relationships).  Luckily, your giga-glass window is tinted and difficult to peer in, but if you're still feeling shy, the controls on the nightstand can electronically  close the veil or bring in the thick curtains.  And even the restroom, showering and grooming never felt so fun!  There's some soft bathrobes hung ready, as well as a digital scale so you can keep track of the body weight you gained from last night's binge on booze.  And there's a phone by the toilet! In case you've fallen and you can't get up.  A small Sharp LCD TV in case you want to watch TV while taking a bath or brushing your teeth.  The service is mostly nice, and they were willing to check me in early at 10:50 AM, instead of the usual check-in time of 3:00 PM.  But the guy who gave me the room told me the wrong room number~ I had to check back to get the correct room after trips of carrying luggage up and down 16 floors.  At check out, the gentleman helping asked if I was satisfied, and of course I told him I enjoyed the room.  With a smug attitude he replied, "well, good for you."  Interesting response... goes without saying that the Encore is pretty fabulous, kinda unnecessary to act like the king of his small mountain position.  And the wedding salons at Wynn have an understated elegance.  Sure, if you get married on a Cruise ship, you'll be married by a bonafide sea captain... a peglegged/eye-patched sea captain, but you won't get comfortable seating for 60.  I should know, I used to work on a cruise ship, speaking for seminars in the wedding salon where the chairs were dinky things, with people standing while the room attendance exceeded 30.  Okay, the minister probably won't have a parrot or pegleg, but you'll be married in a nice, non-seasick inducing surrounding.
2	I'm not being a snob when I say I've experienced better.  I LOVED the room, I loved the casino, I loved the ambiance and decor.  I HATED the housekeeping/check-out service--good service was lacking here!First off, the bed in our room was the comfiest bed I have ever slept in.  I wanted to take the pillows home, and the sheets, ugh--SO COZY!  I felt very at home in their rooms, and considering I had a cold for part of the trip, it was necessary that I be comfortable and sleep well.The tables were expensive, but I didn't lose money so no complaints here!  Considering that I'm cheap and most people who stay here are not, the tables are fitting for typical Encore guests.  They have a good variety of cheap and expensive slots as well. Housekeeping - I don't know what the hell happened here, but every night I made sure the "Do not disturb" switch was on so that the housekeeping would know not to wake me and the BF (we sleep late, like until 1 pm.)  WELL, two of the mornings we were there, they woke us up with that damn doorbell at 9 a.m.  I'm not sure if the thing just reset in the middle of the night or they unlocked our door, turned it off, and then rang the doorbell.  Either way, it shouldn't have happened.  Also, one of the housekeepers refused to leave until I let her put new information booklets in the room.  WHAT THE HELL!Billing - If I purchased a particular package, keep track of which perks I get. It's not that difficult!  Also, don't disagree with me when I say that I get free buffet passes BEFORE checking what my package allows. Customer's always right, right?  Well, NOT HERE!  I got my buffets comped eventually, but come on, when we pay SO much to stay here, we should be treated better.  The guy checking out next to me was having similar issues, so this wasn't a fluke.I probably wouldn't stay here again because it seems like the check-out process tries to cheat their guests out of their money, and housekeeping doesn't know when to stop when you tell them "NO!"  I don't have this issue at cheap hotels like the Orleans!
5	Place is gourgous but you can't get a cheap drink anywhere.  Even the sports bar is upper crust.
5	I really liked the boutique flair this joint had.  You could tangibly feel the difference between here and Wynn, yet you still had the convenience of them being connected.  It is much quieter and less crowded than Wynn.  Loved that!The decor is something I would call Dali and Gaudi doing mushrooms together, and both in a happy good mood.  It is red and loud and dreamlike.  The casino is PLUSH.  Tables were also reasonably priced, and no mechanical shoes like at Bellagio for Blackjack.Overall mellow and luxurious.  It was trippy downstairs but so subdued in the rooms.  A neutral color palate was very classy, timeless and relaxing.  My mom said it reminded her of the interiors of the nicest hotels she's ever been in, in S. America.  Bathrooms are awesome, soaking tub came in handy after all that walking.Might I add, the gym was AWESOME!  Top of the line equipment and accessories!  Tv's on each cardio machine.  Didn't have a spa treatment, but the spa is connected to the gym, and by God it is FREAKING GORGEOUS!!!!  Buddha's everywhere, rad decor and colors.Things to know:1) Stay in middle of building, on a high floor, on strip side or you will hear untz, untz, boom, boom, boom all night from surrender and xs.  It's bad, real, bad.  Or if you are noise sensitive stay on the other side of the building.2) Beds not that great; I have a tempurpedic at home and WAS NOT impressed with the Wynn bed.3) Toiletries mediocre, they really should have gone with a brand name like aveda, moulton brown, etc.4) Very few causal dining options at Wynn or Encore and I'm not even talking about being price conscious; I'm just referring to non gourmet simple food.Overall, I will be back and not sure I would stay anywhere else.  Steve Wynn you branded me hard like a piece of hide on a cattle and well, it worked!
5	The sister property of Wynn Las Vegas, this place is an extension of the Wynn's crown jewel.  It shares many of the same qualities as the other property.  The towers look identical from the outside, but the rooms at Encore are slightly better than Wynn.I like to take clients and associates here for dinner or drinks as it is a great place to conduct business and have a good time.Will I return?  You bet.
3	...like the Wynn but without the flowers, and even less useful shopping venues, and worse restaurants.  Sure it is a beautiful property but honestly I'd rather spend less than half and stay at the center of the strip.  The money saved will allow me to eat at non-Wynncore restaurants.
5	I've never stayed here because I'm not rich but this is far and away my favorite casino in Vegas to gamble at.First, the Encore is a beautiful building both inside and out.  Upon walking in you immeadiately feel classy and begin to walk with more swagger, because this place is just that baller.Next, they have the best staff in Vegas.  Dealers, cocktail waitresses, cashiers, bartenders, everyone treats you with the utmost respect and courtesy.  They treat you great even if you happen to be incredibly lit up, and since this is often my last stop after a night of raging in vegas (I often hit up the Wynn between the hours of 3am-7am), I am often quite wasted when I come through here.This place is also always crawling with beatiful women; early in the morning, late at night, and everytime in between, so you know that's a good thing.Finally, on my last Las Vegas adventure I won a bunch of money on one of their craps tables late night that made up for some losses I'd took earlier in the trip.I need to remember that the next time I'm in Vegas I should spend more time here, and less time everywhere else because the other casinos don't even compare to the Encore.
5	very helpful staff, great room service, amazing restaurants and nightclubs!oh yeah and comfy beds!!
5	I would like to give this place a 4.6 - b/c I mean things can always be a little bit better - but since that's not an option, 5 it is!  Wynn & Encore have a special place in my heart - I immediately fell in love with the design and the beautiful chocolate color of the buildings the first time I saw it. As soon as we walked into the hotel I jumped onto the beds and screamed for joy as i looked out onto the beautiful strip.  I've stayed in some pretty bad hotels (think Imperial Palace), somewhat bad hotels (think Harrah's), somewhat okay hotels (think Treasure Island) but this was the best hotel experience ever.  They even have a desk for working/studying.  Fancy points!  One day while the rest of the girls went to go eat I stayed back and took a nice bubble bath, while watching TV in the bathroom and eating hot cheetos (ya I'm low class).  This place is super convenient because after clubbing at XS you don't  have to walk outside to get back to your hotel.  The only cons are that the minimums at the gambling tables are too high for my risk-averse self.  I honestly don't know if I can stay at any other hotel now after staying at Encore (except maybe Wynn I guess).
1	I have followed Steve Wynn from the Golden Nugget days.  I loved the Encore for the very large rooms that could accommodate my mother's scooter.  Since I was 21, my mother takes me to Las Vegas for every birthday.  I was turning 57 and wanted to stay again at the Encore.  What a mistake!  I have given them 3 weeks to respond to my concerns with some remuneration and nothing is forthcoming.  They did not tell me about the "$20" (really $21.40) resort fee per night added without my approval.  They no longer give chocolates when making the bed, they no longer give little bookmark papers with cute sayings, they have the crappiest toilet paper, they did away with the magnificent flower arrangements when you leave the elevator.They no longer give you slippers or a shoe horn. No bubble bath, no mouthwash-minimum sundries.  They pretend to be "green" and you have to request if you want your linens changed.  They charge $25 extra to be on a high floor. All of the lovely things that made this hotel so special are gone. Save your money, browse the hotel but do not stay there.  The Wynn Buffet is a shadow of its former self, but still good-although the cuts of meat are of a cheaper quality than before.
3	We got mailed an offer of cheap rates and since we had plans to visit anyways, we took them up on it. We're not party animals, and used Vegas as a starting point for day trips (think the Dam, Zion, Valley of Fire) and a place to lay our heads at the end of the day. So as a bedroom:Pros: We liked the rateWe liked the roomWe liked (but didn't really use) the facilities, although the Spa was LOVELY.Cons:Felt like we were being nickle and dimed. ~That $20 a night charge for facilities,couldn't you just add that into the rate. Most hotels have FREE wifi FYI.~ Hubby must have coffee before facing the world. That means before facing room service (@ $11 a pop) Why was there no coffee in the room?~ There is no room in the fridge for any extras unless you want to risk a charge, but you can have an extra one in your room for $25 a day.Getting asked to show your room key every time you go upstairs.
5	The Encore is the sister property connected to the Wynn via the Broadway Theater and a line of High End Designer Stores.  This is the old location of the Desert Inn and is directly across the street from the Las Vegas Fashion Mall (connect via bridge).  I was an invited guest for their VIP opening before the actual grand opening.This hotel whether people want to admit it or not is catered directly to the high roller Chinese whales.  The Casino is relatively small and the Baccarat and Pai Gow Poker Tables line the front of the floor.  The design is unique yet feels small.  Luxury is at a premium here and of course no expense has been spared.  The black and red carpets with Asian decor are a pretty good give-away at the target audience and the Crystal Dragon lining the Casino wall should re-enforce that idea.The standard rooms are divided by a rotating LCD TV placing the bed on one side and the living space (step down) on the other with a desk and couch.  Again the decor is black/white/red so as to appeal to the lucky color red and the art is modern with some Asian influences.  The suites afford much more room as expected and give you the feel of a luxury apartment minus the kitchen.The uniqueness is the placement of the pool.  This is influenced by the European/Asian style of having huge urns and plants surrounding the water hole and giving you the impression of privacy.  It is located right out side directly across from the registration area.  Beautifully decorated and magnificent with a lot of light from the open air.  It reminds me of Steve Wynn's old property of the Golden Nugget's placement of their pool surrounded by the hotel and glass walls.Again this is a 5 Star AAA 5 Diamond resort that really caters to the ultra rich and private.  There are private Bungalows just like the Wynn with private entrances and pools and are Asian Themed.  Some prefer the Encore, I actually prefer the Wynn but either way you should try one of these hotels at least once.
4	This was my first time in Vegas and I picked the encore over the Wynn because I had heard it was better in every way, and it was true. Gorgeous room, beautiful outside and amazing decoration. Everything very contemporary and European style. I wasn't thrilled with the staff though. People were not very welcoming and helpful.
5	dude - its the freakin' Encore - its amazing!!!not a better place to stay in vegas in my opinion
4	Great property.  Casino slots are tight.  Pools are closed even on hot winter days.  Great rooms.  All of Wynn Resorts facilites easily available nextdoor.
5	Encore is our Vegas hotel of choice!!!We started staying here in December 2009 and have not stayed anywhere since!!!  First of all...the smell...delicious!!!  I love the smell so much that I bought their smell at their home store (Asian Rain).  Simply scrumptious!!!  Now for the rest....the place is beautiful and the rooms are HUGE, always clean, and very comfortable...love the tv in the bathroom!!!  The staff is very helpful and nice.  We have been to Vegas and stayed at the Encore before and NEVER left the Encore!!!  There is that much to do there!!!  There are all sorts of restaurants between the Encore and Wynn....all sorts of bars...gambling...2 of the best clubs in Vegas...shopping....spa, etc!!!We have converted many of our friends who frequent Vegas to the Encore...they, too, are now fans!!!
4	I will not stay anywhere else in Vegas.The spa is to die for.The atmosphere is the classiest out of Vegas, which is not difficult.  This place needs competition.  They do need a one card black jack table so I don't have to go outside to gamble.The only other place I might try is Cosmopolitan from what my friends are telling me.
5	The Encore Hotel, part of the Wynn is a GREAT place to stay.Our original room was 2 queen beds, strip view, on the 19th floor (1924). The front desk agent had warned us that the nightclub might keep us awake if we were light sleepers. We didn't think it would be a problem and took the room anyway. Room 1924, the room we were given, is the room closest to the elevator.Even though it was a non-smoking floor the room smelled funny. My friend and I couldn't decide if it was a smoke smell or a burnt toast smell, but either way, not good.The room size for 2Q layout is the same as the 1K layout with the exception of the dividing wall. So essentially, all the furniture in the 2Q room is pushed up against one wall. There is a huge open space on the TV side of the room. I feel like the Queen room is a definite step down from the King room. It's almost like they knew they needed it, but didn't want to spend one second thinking about it. Go for the King room if at all possible.The view from the 19th floor wasn't that great. All I remember was the lights of the McDonald's sign.Because of the smell and everything else, we decided to wait for the bellman and move to the 15th floor. Our room, #1547 was at the end of the hallway, just down from the requisite ice machine. We never heard or saw anyone use the ice machine, so our proximity wasn't an issue.Our new view was the "mountain view." Just a few more hotels and a big church. Not too bad though. I didn't feel like we missed out on the view at all. Our room didn't smell which was more important to us.Other people have mentioned the sensor-based accounting system for the fridge. You can pick an item up to look at it, but after 60 seconds you'll be charged for it. No big deal if you know about it. Our check-in guy was really good and told us about it.Our room, although on the other side of the building, did have some noise. We heard the people from the floor above or below us through the ventilation system. It wasn't really loud, just tinny sounding.Next to the right side of the bed is the controller for the lights and drapes. There are small icons on each side of the button, so while you can just push the button, you may not get the desired outcome. For instance, if you're going to open the blinds, look for the button that looks like the open elevator door button. This is REALLY important for the lights. One wrong push of the button and your partner will be rudely awakened. The All Off button is really nice, when you go to bed, but pushing this button and then walking to the door can be hazardous to your health!If you're looking for plugs to recharge your phone, plug in the computer, etc. There aren't many. On at least one lamp there is a plug on the base of the bed-side lamps. The only other easily accessible plug is near the desk.  We had to move the sofa to get to the plug behind it. Strangely, there is a fax machine in the room.  The bathrooms are great, just like other luxury hotels in Vegas. The lighting is great! Some other hotels are too dark, this one was just right!  It even had a night light!Housekeeping was varied. On one hand, they were great. We called down for a lint roller and they were packaged so nicely when they were delivered we had to call and see if we were charged for them!  When they were delivered, we were out, so they left them on the bar. Afterwards, they called to make sure they were satisfactory. On the other hand, we used the iron and left it on the floor near the windows. They never put it away, which leads me to believe they never went to that side of the room. It sat there for 3 days, until we put it away.Now for the public areas: Overall the Encore is more modern than the Wynn. The primarily red color scheme is bright and cheery. The colorful butterflies are Asian inspired and not child-like at all. In short, inviting while still being elegant. The casino is nice, of course. It's not smoky, like other hotels. Minimums are higher than some places - what else would you expect?Thursday night we got in late and ate at Stratta (see my review for that).We ate at the buffet Sunday morning (I'll do a fully review at some point), but it was just good, not great. It had an amazing array of desserts.The sundries store is great and has most of what you need. I specifically needed things to keep me from continually stepping out of my shoes. They have those! I needed hair mousse - they had that too, but only in a gigantic bottle - they did have hair gel in a small bottle though. My only issue was that none of the sodas had a price on them.If you're staying in the hotel you get VIP access to the nightclubs - and the lines get really really long. I can't imagine any club that is that important to get into!Checkout lines get a bit long. Either grab yourself a champagne at the lobby bar, like I did, or do the express checkout!
3	Staying at the Encore for three nights as we speak and i have to admit I'm a little disappointed.  Yes, the rooms are amazing, the staff is extremely friendly and the location perfect, because it's away from the craziness of the Strip.  The negative?  You have to pay for EVERYTHING!  I'm surprised nobody has mentioned that in both the positive reviews or negative ones.  Internet access in your room is $13.99 a day and that's not just for the room, no, if you have two laptops with you, both will have to pay the fee.  Sorry Encore, but this is the 21st century, get with the program.  If Starbucks now offers free internet, why can't you?The spa and the gym, which in most hotels are included  with the room, is $40.  I totally understand that all the services that come with it need to be paid separately, but to use the treadmill or to enjoy the sauna or steam room? A little excessive. Last but not least, I'm not very impressed with the pretty tacky decor. Feels like the designer couldn't figure out what to go with.  Sleek? Modern? Traditional? Seventies motel? Result, the hotel is a miss match of different styles, with giant butterflies everywhere that are kind of an eye sore.  Sorry Encore, but I think I'll stick to the stylish Red Rock Resort, which might be far from the Strip, but which gets it right every time I'm there.
4	I want to give it a 5 but for some reason i can't do it.  I loved it there.  We had such a great time.  The staff is SUPER friendly and helpful.  That includes our initial call for reservations, calling the front desk with in-room questions, and all the other hotel interaction we had.  We booked a King Suite... initially they had problems when we checked in trying to locate an available room to match our reservation.  I thought this was odd but the front desk seemed confident they could figure it out and they did within about 10 minutes.  I didn't mind the wait and it helped that they were apologetic about it.  I didn't seem like a number, even though I really was for such a huge property.  The room was great.  Remote lights, blinds; TV in the bathroom; swivel big screen covers the living room and bedroom.  The bed was one of the most comfortable I've experienced.  The gym was ok... we liked the one we went to at the Palazzo next door on one day so I think we were comparing it a lot.  I did like that the gym was in the spa area and the bathroom facilities were unreal.  I think one of the biggest reasons I can't give this place a 5 is simply the location.  Its at the end of the strip and a bit far from many attractions.  Not that its so bad... there is plenty to do in the hotel and the immediate area.  I just would have liked to be more central.  I would definately stay again.  But if I found similar deals and had to choose between say the Bellagio and Encore, I would probably just stay at the Bellagio based on location.
2	My husband and I stayed here recently for 3 nights.  I liked the beauty of the resort, the understated sense of elegance and luxury.  The size is fantastic, not gigantic and overwhelming.  The suites are spacious, gorgeous with lots of high tech convenience.  So for the facility I would rate Encore 5 stars.Unfortunately, the service I received while staying there truly left a sour taste in my mouth and I would not likely stay there again.  Why?1.  At check-in, the woman working behind the counter neglected to inform us that we would be directly across from the XS lounge which starts blaring music from 10:30pm until 4am.  So even on the 19th floor, the music was disturbingly loud so that I couldn't sleep for the first 2 nights.  When I called down to the front desk to complain, they offered me ear plugs which I don't use.  If I had been informed about the noise from the XS lounge, I would have requested a room at the other side of the hotel.2.  When we got to our room, we were relaxing on our bed and realized that the left side of the bed was completely saggy.  I called down to the front desk and instead of immediately telling me that they would switch my room or upgrade me, they said they would send housekeeping to change out the mattress.  WTH??  When housekeeping arrived, they said they could either put a board underneath the mattress or switch out the existing mattress for a new one. We chose to have a new mattress then had to leave our room for over 30 mins so that this could be done.  Major hassle.3.  When we checked out, I spoke to the man working behind the counter and told him of the issues we had experienced during our stay.  I said that if the stay was perfect, I would not mind paying for the resort fee but as it was, I felt that it was a more than reasonable request to have the resort fee waived.  Esp. since I did not sign the agreement slip to pay for this fee during check-in.  The man would not agree to waive the resort fee and I asked to speak to the front desk manager.4.  This is where my experience got even worse and left an even bigger bad taste in my mouth.  The front desk manager, Robert Cosko, did not agree to waive the resort fee.  Once again, I told him about the issues I had while staying at the Encore.  Without saying anything, he turned and went back to the back area of the front desk.  I waited at the front desk for 5~10 mins.  He came back and told me that there were no records that I had called about the mattress . . . like I was lying about this incident.  Which I didn't believe him anyway because I believe in a place like Wynn the would keep either phone or computer records of all conversations for liability concerns.  Then I had the sense that he was looking at me up and down, trying to gauge if I was a "valuable' guest ie~ big spender worth being nice to.  Obviously, he decided that I was not because once again, he stated that the resort fee could not be waived.  This really made me mad since as we all know, high rollers are comp for everything at a casino resort and different charges and fees are waived all the time.Since I did not agree to this fee upon check-in and I did not use the services that emcompasses the resort fee, I am challenging this charge on my credit card.I met Steve Wynn once when he came to my school to speak (U of Penn, Wharton) and I liked him and know that he is a hard working man.  And he has certainly accomplished a lot in his lifetime.  Unfortunately, while his staff is well trained, their interaction with me was not friendly and warm and did not make me feel like a pampered, welcome guest.I believe in service and am willing to pay for it.  In this instance, I did not receive any worth writing about hence the 2 stars.
5	Perhaps my new favorite hotel in Vegas.  It is a little far down the strip which is a minus, but that's what cabs were made for.  Service was excellent, rooms were gorgeous, prices were very comparable to nearby places.  The casino is very nice, laid back, connects to the Wynn as well.  The only downside I would say was the sportsbook, where service wasn't as friendly as some other books and you needed to wager over 300 individually for a drink coupon (my experience elsewhere was if you're wagering, drinks are free).  Besides that the hotel and casino are top notch
5	My friends and I make an annual visit to Las Vegas and usually stay at the Bellagio. Our last visit there, however, was less than enjoyable, so we decided to take advantage of an email special offer at Encore. We did realize that this particular hotel was at the far end of the action on the Strip, but we felt the price was too good to pass up and it included the buffet for two.  None of us had ever even stepped foot into either the Wynn or Encore, so we were very pleasantly surprised as soon as we walked in the front door. The front desk staff was extremely accommodating when we asked for adjoining rooms, and even though we got an extremely great price for our rooms, she upgraded us to suites with two queen beds instead of the king room we had reserved. Upon opening our door, we were astounded to see she had also given us rooms with an amazing view looking down The Strip. The room was well appointed, beautifully decorated, and the floor to ceiling, wall to wall windows left us breathless. Before we even unpacked, we turned the lights out and just sat looking out at the lights. The entire four days were fantastic. We were there mid-week, so the casino was pretty uncrowded, but we did find that the tables and machines didn't seem to be paying out much. The good part was we hardly noticed the smoke that you usually get in the Vegas casinos. The pools were closed for maintenance and the Beach Club was closed for the season, but they looked great from a distance. We all vowed to stay at The Encore whenever we go back to Las Vegas!
4	Spent super bowl weekend at the encore.  Got an amazing deal otherwise probably would not have stayed there.  The property itself is very nice. No complaints with that.  Rooms were top notch and house cleaning did a good job.  The employees are very nice and friendly. I got married at the Bellagio and they acted like their shit didn't stink.  The Encore did not have that issue.  Went to a super bowl party at society cafe.  Food was good but the service was terrible. Our server changed three times and we had to continually remind the current server of our orders.  Overall nice hotel but probably won't stay again.  Oh and the table game minimums are crazy. Couldn't find a table under 25 dollars.
5	I wish I was ballerific enough to stay at this hotel every time I go to Vegas. If you're in the mood to splurge or celebrating a special occasion like a birthday--like I did!--then please do so at The Encore. A big group of us stayed in the Resort Queen Suite. Soooo spacious, so much more spacious than the Resort King Suite I hear. 2 queen beds, a roomy L-shaped sofa, floor to ceiling windows with drapes you control from your bed. So baller. I would also recommend prompt check in at the designated check in time, 3pm, to snag a room that's high up facing the strip. You can only do this at check in time. The chic but not pretentious decor was a great backdrop to our fabulous weekend. It's decorated like a stylish, boutique hotel but on a grand scale--it's Vegas afterall. The hotel is friggin' beautiful. What I loved most about this hotel was the attentive and uber friendly staff. A tray of yummy chocolates with a birthday card 'from The Encore front desk' was delivered to our room. Almost everything is personalized. When you turn on the TV, a greeting with your name appears. Your name's also on each room card. It's the little things that make you feel special. One last thing, the Wynn properties are in close proximity to a ton of great places. Clubs XS, Blush, Tryst and Surrender are all there. The Fashion Show Mall is right across the street; about a 5-10 minute walk. And another big, huge plus: 99 Ranch, Pho (best hangover food ever) and other cheap asian eateries are at this end of the strip, a 5 minute drive away.Stay here, it's AH-MAZING!!!!!
5	So far my favorite hotel in Vegas is Encore. The hotel and rooms are beautiful and great service.
5	Encore is the [black cannonball looking thing with a fuze on the top].  The rooms are terriffic (because they are all the same) and the staff is super friendly and helpful.Did you know?- You can buy anything in the hotel... seriously*.  If you like the funky looking clock that's on your nightstand, you can buy it.  Like the little Buddha statue that's in the hallway by the elevator? You can buy it.  Like the glasses your martini was served in at the bar?  You can buy it.*There is a store where you buy the items new, not used, silly.The pool was nice. *WARNING*  Little kids close your eyes!  There are actually two pools, one for kids (family) and one for adults (and unfortunately horny college kids on spring break).  The adult pool is "European" style meaning women can be topless and men can rock the banana hammock.  The pool did get very crowded early (1030am-ish) so don't wait until 3pm to show up or you'll be left standing around staring at some fake double-D's and plum smugglers.Keep in mind that this is the "boutique" part of Wynn so the casino may seem tame by Las Vegas standards.  If you want a rowdier crowd head over to Wynn's casino.We ate at 3 restaurants; Wazuzu, Bartollota, and SW Steakhouse.  I'll do a separate review for each one, but in short, they were all good.Make sure to get tickets to see Le Reve (how do I put a little upside-down "v" above the "e" in Reve?)  It was an awesome show.  Never have I been more amazed while watching bald, muscular albinos jump from 1000ft in the air into a glass of water.  It's insane!In short, Encore is just awesome.  We actually went to other hotels to eat dinner and see a few shows and I felt "dirty" just leaving Encore.  Definitely going back.
4	Spent Valentine's weekend 2011 in one of the Tower Suites.  I can't say enough about the staff and the service they provided - it was top notch.  There were a couple reasons why I didn't give a full 5 stars:For a luxury suite in a luxury hotel, I would expect luxury bath towels.  What we received were sandpaper rough Turkish cotton towels.  Turkish towels are fine but no one in their right mind would choose these towels over anything available at any mass retailer.  Even after asking for and getting some brand new, never been washed in detergent towels, they were still rough.  I say bring your own towels or be prepared for a loofa rub.Another thing that annoyed us was the fact that there wasn't a coffee maker in the room.  Ok, fine, I could have ordered room service but then I'd have to wait, then get dressed to answer the door and then scrounge a couple bucks for tip.  A $99 a night room at the Days Inn has in-room coffee, why not a $400+ a night room at the Encore.The last thing that was just wrong was the exorbitant prices for everything.  I know all the sayings about if you can't afford it, don't stay there.  Well, I could afford it and more but there is no way I'd ever pay $8 for a small bag of chips regardless of what my net worth is.  Marking things up as high as they do just feels like thievery to me.  I probably would have bought that $1 bag of chips for maybe $3 but never for $8.  I'm sure that a lot of the thought process in pricing is geared towards the corporate traveler who expenses everything but, even then, it's still one corporation ripping off another.All in all, we had a great time and would recommend the Encore if you're on an expense account or just don't care about money.
3	No way - no how is this a FIVE STAR hotel. Our tub had a burn stain and although clean - our room was not sparkling clean - which I expected at a FIVE STAR property. ...We had a mix-up at check-in when they said -we had two reservations. We did not. ...They offered an upgrade but at a price. ...Our room was a LONG way from the elevator. I'm not a fan of the layout at Encore either. It is a long walk to the valet parking place. ...If I did it again - I would stay at Wynn - which is cheaper but every bit as nice. ...Wifey loved the smell they pump into the hotel.
5	not being hardcore gamblers, drinkers and partiers (basically boring suburbanites bordering mid-life crisis soon), las vegas doesn't appeal to us so much, but we still decided to celebrate our birthdays in sin city. we scored a fabulous promotional deal from encore and took advantage of 3 night stay with complimentary tickets to le reve. encore is, without a doubt, one of the smallest yet the most luxurious hotels on the strip. it obviously is designed to target high rollers and couples (no strollers allowed) who are looking for more relaxed ambiance than the typical vegas scene. overall, we enjoyed our 3 night stay despite some minor personal dislikes. * casino - the minute you enter the hotel, you are swept with "fake" flowery scents and brightly colored yet tastefully decorated casino floor - you can actually see outside with views of the pool and garden through huge windows - $0.01 slot machines and $10 tables with friendly dealers and pit boss - great boutiques (chanel, rolex, hermes, louis vuitton, ferrari, etc.). take advantage of lower sales tax (at least for southern californians) - $20 resort fee per night, per room for complimentary wi-fi and use of fitness center * room - large suite with great layout. half wall acting as a tv stand (which swivels) separates the bedroom from livingroom - contemporary and elegant with neutral color tones - one easy and convenient remote access system for lights and drapes - huge bathroom, but not enough functional space for more than 2 people (small tub, not enough electric outlets) - not the best towels. in fact, they had that industrial laundry smell - rooms with strip views get a lot of noise from clubs. mountain view rooms, on the other hand, are very quiet - comfortable bed with soft satin sheets - floor to ceiling mirrors on one entire wall...freakin' tacky! * fitness center (yes, i actually worked out) - the most gorgeous lobby with beautiful chandeliers and sitting area - free bottled water (don't touch that fiji water in your room) - state of the art equipment. all cardio machines with individual tv monitors with over 100 channels and headsets * parking - abundance of parking spots - unlike other hotels, the parking structure is really close to rooms the only gripe i have with encore is it's distant promixity to the main strip. but then again, this is what makes encore more exclusive and secluded. the hubby kept saying he did not want to leave the hotel, especially after getting lost at caesar's palace (vegas hotels never explicitly show "exit" signs). i would've had no problem obliging to this if money was not an object. well, who knows, maybe we could be the next big jackpot winners...woohoo!!!
5	57th Floor - I still can't believe even after I checked out. Best thing: less people than in any other casino resorts. Even in Wynn, there're much more visitors. Besides, Bellagio isn't in fashion anymore. Playing there is entirely pleasant since there's non-distraction atmosphere.Prepare your money - expect to trade them for outstanding service and unforgettable experience.
5	This is a beautiful hotel!  Husband and I went away for a special weekend and we were not disappointed.  The customer service is spectacular.  We had a breathtaking view from our room overlooking the strip.   The bed and linens were cozy, almost as good as being in our own bed.  The hotel is comfortable, the air quality on the casino floor as well as throughout the hotel was great compared to other Las Vegas hotels.   Great Bloody Mary's at the Society Cafe.  We will definitely go back to the Encore.
3	Beautiful hotel with beautiful rooms.  I stayed on the 54th floor in a panoramic suite with views of the strip in front, the airport to my left and mountains to my right.  However, don't think you will be soundproofed from the club music on the 54th floor, OH Noooooooo!! I could still hear the "thump, thump, thuuuump, bump, bump, buuuump."The other thing that annoyed me, upon stepping out of the elevator onto my floor was all the "Caution" floor signs throughout my floor.  Accompanying the floor signs was a wet dog smell that lingered throughout my stay.Overall, I had a nice time in a room with remote controlled everything.  The bathroom was modernly classic.  The one thing I would have appreciated, other than more soundproofing, was that the A/C could've reached the "sleeping quarters" and not just the "sitting area."I didn't experience the casino because I went to the Wynn for that.
5	Definitely a FIVE star hotel!!! The best hotel I ever stayed in in my entire life!!!~ The Lobby was so Chinese-style like~ which I liked it very much with all the red and fake flower, butterfly all around the sky/wall of the lobby~Checked in takes a little while because many people checking in~We got the offer from Vegas.com, and it gives us complimentary upgrade and $75 resort credit which was a FAB! they upgraded our room to the top floor!!! (was suppose living in the lower level) to 62 floor~~ however the room we got is not facing the strip, but Hey! is free upgrade, still a good thing!~The room was very stylish!!! and i think the room is good for the young's~ maybe to the older people might think is not THAT elegant to them...but I super Loved it! The bed was huge~ the TV stand was very cool that can switch around facing the bed side and facing the living room side.Living room has a huge L-shape sofa facing the big window that you can see through outside. Everything was so new! and we enjoyed it very much. We regret we only stayed there for 2 nights, if one more night would be perfect!!We also tried the restaurant inside the hotel called "Switch". Pricey restaurant but very cool design of the restaurant. The restaurant background will change every 10 minutes or so, music was played along when switching~ That is why the restaurant is call "Switch". we got the $75 resort credit, that's why we wanna give it a try~ end up we still have to pay $50 bucks total to end the bill. So is pretty pricey, but food was GREAT! should give it a try if u have the budget!! Overall I give this hotel 5 stars! Would love to be back!
5	Loved my 3 day 4 night stay at Encore last weekend.  Bartenders are all very friendly and because the casino is smaller than most it has kind of a boutique hotel feeling.  Rooms are nice and look brand new. They also take care of your room promtly after you leave to go out to breakfast unlike many other top hotels in Vegas. Loved my stay and going back in two months.
5	Oh Steve Wynn...what have you done to Vegas? Of all the glitz and glamour Sin City has to offer, it doesn't get better than the Encore. I've stayed at The Wynn as well, and though similar in design and decor, this one managed to take my breath away. Though I'll only sneak in a mere 2 hours of sleep each night, this is by far my favorite Vegas hotel to stay at. The rooms can only be described by one word: P-I-M-P! Live the lavish life of a true baller (even the ones on a budget). The queen suite is spacious enough to fit 6-8 for sleeping and about 14-17 for pre-partying. The L-shaped sofa in the living room makes it easy to fit an extra 2 guests comfortably. The bathroom is very spacious and the sinks make a great cooler for our champagne. Be advised: as amusing as they are, leave the automatic curtains closed, unless your hangover enjoys a good morning sunrise. There's a full stocked snack bar, but unless you're ready to pay and arm and a leg for a short stack of Pringles, don't take the items off the drawer! 60-second sensors are tricky tricky. The pool is a wonderful spot to chill at on a scorching summer day. Adequate amount of lay out chairs scattered amongst the premises, European style pool for the sexy 21+, black jack tables shaded off by the gazebo, and gorgeous people all around. Just leave me be with a bottle of tanning oil in one hand and a mojito in the other.Not many restaurants available compared to the Wynn, but the more affordable dining venues are only a short trek away across the esplanade. If you plan to eat at Encore, don't expect to pay anything less than $30 for an entree. I've only dined at Sinatra, which was a wonderful meal, but unbelievably expensive for what they serve. Location is great. If you need to stock up on liquor and don't feel like choking up major bills at the casino bars, walk across the street to the run down plaza on the backside of the building and buy a full bottle of Grey Goose at Bev Mo prices. And who said Vegas doesn't have cheap alcohol? Also, don't forget to check out XS on a Friday or Saturday night. You're guaranteed to wake up looking/feeling like a hot mess, but it'll be worth it. Promise.
5	1 word: BALLERS.2 words: Stay. here. Seriously, it doesn't get any better than this. Pure luxury.  The rooms are huge, modern, immaculately clean, and super comfy. In other words, they're freakin kick ass.  Ate in every restaurant on the resort- was not disappointed once. (For breakfast RUN to Society Cafe and order the "Oscar Benedict." You can thank me later).Got lost in the hotel on our first night... didn't care. Didn't even bother looking for those damn elusive exit signs to exit the premises. No point. When we finally did made it out of the hotel and went into other casinos we felt like the Encore snobs that we really are. Steve Wynn, you've turned me into a monster.
4	4.5I am back from Vegas today. My post are going to be extremely out of order. What I really want to do now is post the disaster of a stay we had at the Cosmopolitan, but I don't have the energy for that. So many things went wrong there, we actually thought we were cursed. Yes! Curse of the Cosmopolitan Las Vegas That terrible stay caused us to book the last night at the Encore. I have never stayed there prior to this last time, but have been to the casino and club XS many times. What I love about this place is that it is beautiful and even more important, the customer service was great and room service came quickly. I love our amazing view. Oh, and for my Vegas trip I basically threw my entire raw vegan deal out the window. I am back on my raw vegan kick now. Check out the pictures on my blog...
5	triple bombdotcom. i love vegas and i love encore. haha, omg first i stepped in this hotel i said, omg classy! i loved it. the staff are nice, the room is hellaomg nice, everything about this hotel is nice. live the lifeee!
2	Not quite sure what all of the fuss is about with the Wynn Encore. The view from the 32nd floor was of the distant mountains, yes, but also of a Ross and some construction. Woo hoo. So yes, be sure to ask for a view of the strip, not the Ross!!The decor is not my taste. Can you say gaudy!?? Gigantic butterflies tramp stamp the carpets and the chandeliers in the casino dangle ominously overhead  like giant red tarantulas waiting for their prey.  If you are a flaming homosexual male and listen to Cher this might be right up your alley but somehow the whole thing seemed ridiculous to me. All that money and you put freaken butterflies on the carpet?!  And the drapes? Oh no honey, the drapes do not match the carpet!The room was ok. Everyone else was thrilled with it. I thought the furniture looked like it was covered in shellac- so what if you have remote control drapes?  The decor reminded me of the apartment that Ray Liota's girlfriend had in Goodfellas. PLASTIC. The bathroom fixtures were nice though.I too got pitched the players card at the Casino by a woman who said she would be back in 10 minutes after she got my info and NEVER came back. After hours of the damn card not working- I got $10.00 in free play. After several more hours on the machines, I earned 60 points which earned me nothing. The woman who gave me the card said I would get emails and text messages and up to 200 points just for signing up. None of that happened but at least they keep the drinks coming...for the most part.The Wynn Encore did a decent job outfitting their cocktail waitresses in beaded skimpy dresses, (which also look cheap up close) but um HELLO where is the man candy?!!!!  It's time Steve Wynn wises up to the fact that women have money to spend in Las Vegas too-so hire some cute cocktail waiters and bartenders and let us have our fun.Botero was yet another overpriced Vegas steak joint where the difference between well, medium, well and medium rare is still confused and the waiter didn't ask how anything was until we were finished eating- didn't even bother to come by after the food was delivered and no, they weren't busy. My fifty dollar 8oz petite filet was something I could have gotten Outback except outback may have cooked it to order.No thanks Wynn. I'll keep shopping around for my favorite Las Vegas hotel. The Wynn reminds me of a cheap pair of shoes- take a closer look and they scream, "Made in China!"
4	I stayed at Encore for 4 nights in their resort suite.  The room my girlfriend and I received was impeccable and odor free.  The suite's beautiful decor was modern and luxurious, complete with a clean assortment of black and white furniture pieces situated on beige-white marble tiles and carpet with black and brass color trimmings.  The wall opposite to the door was a dramatic large window overlooking the strip.Its casino floor is a seamless extension of Wynn's red-and-white motif.  But, unlike Wynn, Encore hardly gets packed.  Because of this, the number of tables and games are very limited.  For instance, there is generally only one roulette table operating at any given time.Service-wise, the staff and crew were generally courteous.  Our concierge was incredible, while the check-in and cleaning staff were friendly.  Unfortunately, I cannot say the same for their comp staff -- they were rude and extremely impatient when we attempted to redeem our rewards points.Nevertheless, I enjoyed my stay at Encore and would definitely go back. SIDE NOTE: one of the stores in Encore's forum was unfriendly, specifically the Rolex shop.  I had wanted to buy my girlfriend a pink oyster watch as a surprise, but an elder lady who worked at the shop didn't want to help my girlfriend for some odd reason -- maybe because we were young or we dressed vacation casual.  Regardless, the Rolex employee was classless and intellectually bankrupt.  I ended up going to the Rolex store a couple of blocks away.
4	I stayed here for three days/nights for business, but also happened to be the start of March Madness.  The check-in was fast and friendly.  For an additional $25, I was upgraded to the Panoramic Suites, mine on the 61st floor.  I'd been up there before and my room really just looked into the side of the Wynn, but this room was more on the west end and looked right down the strip!  Incredible view!!!I come to Vegas once a month and the view and excitement never gets old.  My room was as clean and fresh as the day they opened.  Everything in the Encore/Wynn is just first rate.  So why only 4 stars?I unwind a bit after my meetings by playing some video-poker, I play $5/hand and I play fast.  I was surprised that Wynn/Encore policy prohibits comping drinks at the bar.  I could move to the casino-area and play the same amount and be comped, but then I couldn't see the games on TV.  So I got in a cab and went to the Hard Rock to play for a few hours.The only other "gripe" I have about the Encore is that when you go to use the on-screen check-out, it asks if you'd like a copy of the folio sent to your e-mail... I checked yes and then all the letters came up and expected me to type in my e-mail (which is rather lengthy) on the screen using the remote.  So... I went downstairs to checkout and was only behind a couple people, so no big deal... but would be at prime-time checkout time on a weekend. They already have my e-mail on file, as they sent my reservation confirmation that way and a survey e-mail after I left... you'd think they could connect the two.They run a first class joint.  My room-service breakfast was incredible.  The whole drink "thing" probably costs them some business, but I suppose there's a good reason for it.  Both properties were lively and fun. I'll easily stay again, but my video-poker money goes eleswhere.
5	Previously I rated this resort 5-stars.  As an update:  I again rate this Encore 5 stars !!!   For whatever reason, this place has it figured out.  They know how to take care of their guests and give them individual attention, which is somewhat surprising considering what a large number of guests they have.   As I have previously stated, I have stayed at all the 4 and 5 star resorts on the Las Vegas strip and Encore beats them all!  I challenge anyone on yelp to find a better hotel resort in Las Vegas!
5	I LOVED my stay at Encore.The hotel rooms are gorgeous: sophisticated and opulent without being too much (as can often be the case for Vegas).  The size of the suites are great and all those mirrors are perfect when you're traveling with a bunch of girls!The location was great: I like being on that end of the strip, it was within walking distance to the Venetian, Fashion Show Mall and of course, the Wynn.  We didn't even need to leave all the time to get exactly what we wanted: Surrender, XS, Encore Beach Club, the Wynn buffet!  I also always imagined having to walk a mile in Vegas hotels, but this hotel wasn't like that! The size was reasonable and I loved that it was more quiet and less hectic than say, The Venetian.Service was top-notch as well.My only complaint was that we requested two queens and we got one king bed.  But...I know sometimes these things happen on busy weekends. :/I would def. recommend Encore to someone looking for a little more sophistication and quiet, while being close to all the action. I would go back and stay there.
4	My wife and I decided to visit Las Vegas for the first time as a couple. We wanted to stay in a clean, "higher end" hotel and this place delivered. The entire property is beautiful. The rooms are very nice and recently updated (even though the place is still very new). The pool area is very nice and overall, the service is very solid.We stayed in the regular suites (not the tower suite) portion of the hotel. I liked the fact that all the rooms are the same size and layout. The rooms are good size with floor to ceiling windows which offer nice views. The rooms have a modern design. They have very high ceilings and well placed mirrors to give the feel of more space. The bathrooms are beautiful with a large glass shower and separate, large tub. Lots of marble tile. Bed and linens were of very high quality and the electronic lighting control is slick. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Every staff member I made eye contact with greeted me warmly except for what was noted below.We wanted to see "O" at the Bellagio. I called the concierge desk a couple of weeks before my arrival and Brendon scored us some excellent seats at the base price which was very cool. During our stay, he got us some great reservations at Le Cirque on a very busy night.  Every time I called, he remembered me and got things lined out for us very quickly. I am sure the other concierge staff is as good but you cant go wrong asking him for assistance. There was a huge convention (140k people) while we were there and we were very appreciative that we could get such great service.Ok.. so why just 4 stars rather than 5? For me, a hotel or restaurant will need to hit a home run for me to give them a 5. Encore did well but they did stumble a couple of times.Upon arrival, our check in experience was cold. Fast, efficient, but cold.  We knew about the resort fee prior to our arrival (it wasn't included in our package). We were told coldly it was mandatory, however it was either removed from our account later or was never added. We had a conflict with the staff when we wanted to go work out one morning which was uncomfortable. Who wants to argue with a gym attendant at 8 am over a $15 user fee? When it was corrected, it was added back and forward on our account for a mystery amount that needed to be corrected at check out.We also rented a fridge and had it removed the next day. We were charged for 4 nights use. Again, it was corrected upon check out but I felt like I had to explain all the corrections and it literally took 20 mins to get us out of the hotel. Finally, I know this is vegas and I stay in a lot of urban hotels for business so I am a little more used to all the little fees hotels charge you but this property takes it to the extreme. These fees, to me, is more of an annoyance than anything. I am not an expert on hotel pricing but I would rather pay a little more and not have to deal with silly charges. We were charged the following during our stay:Room at a higher floor - $20 per night. When that room had a funny smell, I took it as an opportunity to change to a room facing the other direction (toward the strip). That upgrade fee kept me at a high floor but added $5 per night to the fee for a total of $25 per night. Really?In room Fridge - $25 per dayIn room internet - $18 per day (unless you get the resort fee). The internet did not work at the pool or gaming areas.Receiving a package while at the hotel - $15. Yes, just to receive a package plus we had to ask to have it delivered to the room and tipped accordingly (not knowing about the fee).Overall, we really enjoyed our stay and enjoyed the property. It met our needs. Yes it is more expensive than many but depending on your definition of value, this could meet your needs. It did ours.
4	Love Love Love this place.  The rooms are clean, spacious, and decorated with modern touches.  I've stayed at the Wynn before and enjoyed my stay there.  After staying at Encore, why bother with Wynn?  Encore is an all suite hotel, so you're guaranteed a large room.  Unfortunately it's at the very end of the strip, so it does feel far from everything else.  Fashion show mall is across the street with cheap eats and a starbuck that doesn't charge $6 for a grande like the Sbx by Harrah's or inside Mirage.  Encore charges a $20 resort fee for every night you're there.  It includes wifi, and even if you don't want it, too bad.  They charge you anyway. Also, I wasn't amazed by Encore's pool area. Wynn is better. Plus the food menu option at the pool was pretty disappointing.
2	Just nothing special and far away from the hub of the area.The rooms and pools and casino were all fine--but that's it, fine is not good enough.  If you have stayed at Paris and Caesars or Bellagio or any of the good casino hotels, they are all fine, so to truly be special, they have to be really good.  Encore is fine and if it was closer to the action, I'd rate it one more star, but being stuck out where it is makes it a pain to get around.  SO if you want to just stay within the Wynn and Encore, it is fine, but when in Vegas, I'd rather not be stuck at one place.When I checked in I was offered the $20/nite upgrade for a panoramic view as others have mentioned and when I got the room, I had a great view of massive parking lots and construction cranes.  A horrible view.  Yes, on the 56th floor, but horrible all the same.  I called down and the person I spoke to admitted yes, many people do not like the view and she said because of the Wynn, "Encore really does not have any great views". she agreed to "downgrade" me back to my original price at a lower floor.  Which ended  up having a MUCH better view of the pool, but if you have been to the hotels down Las Vegas Blvd. (Paris, Caesars, etc.) they have MUCH better views than Encore.
4	High class.When walking in here, you instantly feel taller. The whole casino was designed with elegance. The room was massive, and it came with a personal massage table near the front restroom. The windows in both the rooms are gigantic, it really opened up the room, the whole wall was pretty much the window. The staff is super friendly and they make you feel welcome anywhere you are. I will definitely be coming back on a regular basis.
5	We stayed here February 2009 and absolutely were in love. The last trip we took (a few weeks ago), we chose the Cosmopolitan (had to, it was the newest on the Strip!) but realize that as much as the Cosmo was awesome, Encore rocks it more. The lobby bar is my favorite place to hang, the bartenders are so cool, the servers are fast and efficient. The shopping is beautiful (way $$$, but window shopping is nice), and the restaurant choices are amazing). We saw La Reve (wowee), and ate at Switch for the night. The last trip we went to all of the restaurant during our 4 night stay....The rooms are huge, modern, clean, spacious.  I will be staying at Encore next time, what a beauty.
5	Encore/Wynn are the BEST hotels in Las Vegas!  As soon as you arrive to this beautiful hotel, you feel like you're in a different world.  The decor is lush and magical, the people are the friendliest you will ever meet, and the amenities are exceptional.  Encore's customer service is the FINEST amongst all the hotels I have ever stayed at in Vegas or anywhere for that matter.  From the housekeeping to management and everywhere in between, every single person I encountered was polite, professional, and helpful.  They were completely genuine and never snooty, which most would expect at a high end hotel.  The restaurants, shopping, and night life were all incredible.  I checked out their club XS and WOW!  Absolutely amazing!  I can see why this club was voted BEST in the world.  And after that I stopped by one of the restaurants here for a late night meal and ordered the XS Burger!  You have to try this burger: A huge burger piled high with fried eggs, bacon, cheese, and french fries.  I've never seen anything like it and it was incredible!I can't say enough about how much I love this hotel, but I do know that this is the ONLY hotel I will ever stay in whenever I visit Vegas... With the exception of Wynn (same company).  Here's to anyone who wants to have an AMAZING experience in Vegas: stay at Wynn or Encore-- it's the only way to do Vegas right!  Enjoy!
5	I love the Encore!! This hotel is top notch! I can't wait to go stay there again. The rooms were so gorgeous and comfortable. I stayed in the Resort King Suite. The room was really classy and spacious. The bathroom had his and her sinks with a gorgeous glass shower.  The entire hotel was beautifully decorated with multicolored butterflies and red accents. The location was really convenient. You can walk across the street and go to the fashion show mall. You could also walk to the Venetian pretty easily. There is a very conveniently located bridge to the Venetian next to a beautiful waterfall. I had a fabulous time there. I suggest this hotel to anyone that wants to have a relaxing time in a nice hotel in Vegas. It is simply delightful.
3	How to spend a first-class weekend in Vegas and only pay coach prices:1.  Don't stay at Encore or Wynn, unless you are lucky enough to have received a promo from them...in that case, it's a pretty good deal.2.  Walgreen's, the ABC store, and Strip Liquor are your friends...find out where they are and use them instead of paying insanely high prices for booze and snacks inside the casino.3.  If you are a coffee/tea drinker, invest in a hotpot (if you don't feel like packing one from home you can find one for $12 at the aforementioned Walgreen's) instead of paying the, again, insanely high prices in the casino.  You can also use said hotpot for oatmeal, cup o' noodles, hot toddies, etc.4.  Your other friends are the Monorail and your feet...stay away from cabs.  Everything you need (i.e. liquor store, Walgreen's, other cool casinos and restaurants) is within walking distance anyway.5.  Encore will put a $150 per night hold on your credit card...if you're staying 4 nights that's $600 for the non-math-inclined.  This makes it tempting to make all sorts of room charges, but unless you are extremely organized and self-disciplined, these room charges are ill-advised.  It's just too easy to lose track of how much money you're spending, and it doesn't seem much like "real money" if you're not taking something out of your wallet.6.  Take advantage of the "free" stuff that is really cool...the pool area, the fitness center, the slot credit if you're lucky enough to get it, etc.7.  Eat as many meals as possible elsewhere.  While the food here is decent, it is ultra spendy and the service we got was horrible.8.  Don't gamble unless it's with house money.  Hopefully you find these tips useful.  Have fun!
4	Encore and Wynn are definitely the nicest hotels in Las Vegas in my opinion. I would give this a 5 star review but our room was smaller than i was anticipating. I got suite with two queens and a corner couch and i was comparing it to Palazzo and Palazzo had a much better layout, it was bigger, and had a cool sunken area where the couch went. With that being said almost everything else is nicer here at the Encore. This hotel is beautiful. Encore is expensive but ive learned why it is worth staying here. They have 3 of the coolest clubs in Las Vegas. XS, Surrender, Tryst to a lesser extent. We stayed here for a bachelor party, and since we were guest we went to concierege and paid for our tickets there. around 10:30 all 5 of us GUYS walked right past the GIGANTIC line and walked right into the club, absolutely no wait!!! It was awesome! The other way you save money is that you dont have to take expensive cab rides getting from your hotel to Encore or Wynn, And you also dont have to take the annoying cab ride after the club. The convenience to drink up, walk down stairs, walk right into the club, then walk right back upstairs was so nice. I cannot stress it enough. If you factor in transportation, Bribing the bouncer (for an all guy party) and paying more for drinks because you dont have them convenienctly upstairs) then you end up paying about the same as staying at a cheaper casino. Think about it and enjoy!PS. They have a nice mall across the street with a big food court for when you dont want to spend a ton of money on food.
5	Encore to encore! "Holy macro!" This is where I'm having my bachelorette party when it happens!" - Wowzers!I've stayed in over 20 different hotels in my Vegas life span and this is by far the best designed hotel room ever.  Even if I were to come home drunk I'd still remember what this room looked like!  The room is so nice I wouldn't want to mess it up with any type of vomit. It can probably fit 6-8 people comfortably!  There's a TV screen in the bathroom! It's like straight mini Penthouse status.  Definitely a room you want to enjoy.  You could even have a little bridal shower in there.Sign up for their emails and they will send you deals from time to time. Otherwise it's a bit pricey but so worth it.You will not be disappointed! ENCORE ENCORE ENCORE!
4	Overall, we had a great stay at The Encore! 3.5 is a more accurate rating.The good: european pool, service, cleanliness, decor, Okada, Red 8, energy, spa-massage was incredible!The not so good: noise carried between suite rooms WAY TOO easily!!!! Price too high for that. Breakfast service slow and food mediocre-could use better choices, too.
5	==Encore Las Vegas==Located almost in the center of the Strip, this place is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. If you catch the deals on the right days, you will barely pay over $140 a night here and it's well worth it. The decor is just stunning in the lobby and in the rooms. The room is just jaw dropping as you enter and has a very warm modern look. The lights and drapes are all electronic with a push of a button, and the bed is REALLY comfortable. I want to buy the mattress!! There's a little living room with a small L shape couch and a table for workspace. The bedroom is divided with a small wall and a LCD TV sits there. You have spacious dressing drawers and the bathroom is very nice with an outside bathtub with a standing/sit down shower WITH an almost rain forest type shower head! I saw "like" a rain forest type shower head :) Close enough. Everything is so spacious here, you and your lover will love it!One tip is that you should get a map from the lobby so you know where everything is in the lobby. Many restaurants to choose from and it will help you know which way to exit to the closet bus stop if you're busing it down the strip. And btw: To the people lowering stars because they think the room is too small. Really? Who stays in the hotel room more than to just sleep anyways? VEGAS BABY - you should be at the night clubs and gambling the night away! . lol..PROS::1] Spacious enough! Do you expect to do a marathon around your room?2] Remote control drapes and lights for the lazy3] VERY VERY comfortable Bed4] Decor has a very nice modern feel and appeal5] Free WIFI.CONS::1] Hotel is huge, Get a map from the lobby :) Be smart
4	As compared to other old-schooled hotels in Vegas such as Bellagio, Mirage, Encore is quite new and modern. I like their red decoration and the theme of butter flies throughout the hotel. The room is spacious and nice. We tried a few restaurants in the hotel, all of them were quite good, though on the pricey side. The casino is nicer than the other older casinos in town. The service at the casino was good. We also did spa during our stay. The spa was expensive, but it was really good. The facilities were well designed and incredible. The spa lobby was quite stunning. However, we had to wait in line pretty much everywhere, oh well, this is Vegas. Also, they made a mistake on our spa charge upon check-out. The receptionist was a bit rude as well, even though in the end she corrected it. Overall, we had a good stay there.
4	"Wynn was so great, it needed an Encore." Everytime I walk in here I can't help but think that. I find this casino to be more navigable than Wynn -- for some reason I always get disoriented in Wynn when I am in the casino...maybe that was done by design so I never leave...hmmm.Some interesting points: I don't like the casino decor as much as Wynn's (everything red with butterflies isn't necessarily my thing) but it definitely differentiates itself from its predecessor, despite looking like it's mini-me from the outside. The light fixtures definitely make a statement -- they look like they were salvaged from a really expensive pirate ship whose captain had an unhealthy fixation with coral. But this is me trying to find things to nitpick because at the end of the day, Encore is great. XS (when the pool area is open on the weekends) is one of my favorite clubs and has yet to disappoint. The lounges are fun as well -- especially Eastside Lounge, the piano bar.
5	Pretty awesome hotel so far. The room is spacious, clean, with French windows and great view of the strip. Fairly luxurious, would put it on par with the rooms I stayed  in at the Venetian.
5	Can I give this place 6 stars???? We absolutely loved our stay on the encore! We stayed for 4 nights in an panoramic suite and it was amazing. Upon check in we asked for a quieter room and were given an upgraded room on the 61st floor for an extra $20 per night. The views could have been better but it really doesn't matter when you have floor to ceiling windows....awesome views of everything! The room was very spacious and the bed was super comfy. Room was always made up whenever we pressed our lil magical "make room ready" button. It was nice to have a control panel for everything, lights, curtains, etc....althought it didn't always work all the time, it was still very nice. The encore provides a lot of fine dining/shopping options which was a a big plus for us (okay, maybe not the shopping). If you are looking for more affordable dining/shopping options the mall is right across the st. as well. There is a pretty convenient walkway to the Wynn as well. We liked the encore because it wasn't too hard to navigate and it was never overly crowded...it was just right! I was really surprised to see $10 tables during the evenings on a Sunday-Thursday...hubby enjoyed that! We enjoyed the pool just about everyday we were there and it was never overly crowded which was nice. Overall, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay! We are looking forward to going back and staying at the Encore....even though the tables weren't too kind to us!
5	Very nice place. Had a few drinks while listening to the dueling pianos!
5	I always enjoy staying at Encore when i come to Las Vegas. It's such a gorgeous hotel and the rooms are so classic.  Living room is divided by a wall with the bedroom. Bathroom is massive and it has standing shower as well as tub.  Marble counter tops with tv inside the bathroom.  There's also a chaise big enough for you to lay down and I've always gotten a great view of the strip.Super Chic, super sext and super fun. The hotel has great amenities, an awesome pool, the funniest clubs and delicious restaurants.
4	I'm giving it four stars.  But first the bad.   Another all-red unaesthetic casino.  And do not -- even if you are on the 25th floor -- pick a suite with a strip view.  Opt for the downtown view.  Why?  The thump thump of the night club goes right to your bones until 4 a.m.  (We got back at 12 for our one night there, went to sleep, and woke up and switched rooms at 1.)   That being said, the rooms (ours was a small suite) are beautiful.  They look like something out of Mad Men, or the Chrysler Building.  Nicely styled, understated, really very decent style.  You feel like you are in the Vegas of Sinatra, or at least Swingers or the Hangover.  The fitness center and pool (while not as nice as the Cosmopolitan's) are nice.  Like the Bellagio, you do not have to walk through a smoky casino just to get to check-in.   You can get there straight from the parking lot.  That is something.    It is at the other end of the strip.  I like how we did it:  2 days at one end, a break into scenic Nevada and Utah for some  . . . scenery (what else), and then back for one final night at the other end.
4	What can I say?  We had this trip planned for some time.  My fiance had received a coupon for a deal in the mail, which is how we decided to stay here.I'm guessing we are not their target audience because it's clear they want us to gamble a bunch, which neither of us do not.The rooms were beautiful.  The pictures others have posted were completely representative of what our room was like and we had a decent view which we really enjoyed day and night.I really enjoyed the fact that this place is so nice they don't have those annoying vendors that ask you to go to a show, etc.  After about four days of that, I'm done.This location is right across the street from the Fashion Show Mall, which is convenient if you need to pick up a couple of items.There is also a Walgreens and a liquor store within walking distance of the Encore so you can come back to your room and pregame before a night on the town.  I always bring a hotpot with me when I travel in case they do not have a coffee pot or anything else in the room.  It's very convenient to have some coffee and tea and a few snacks in the room with you.  They have the weighted food and drink in the room (if it's off the scale for a minute it's an automatic charge)  I don't go for that kind of thing.Another thing I didn't really care for is the huge signs in the lobby that say your bags are subject to being searched for contraband (ie, outside food or drink...what is this a movie theater?)  For the record, that never happened and we followed in people carrying boxes of beer so I didn't feel to bad but, I mean really you are paying for the room so what is that all about?There is an additional charge to use the pool and work out facilities which was included in our package.  The pool was beautiful and very relaxing.  The weather was the nicest on the last day so we maximized our time before check out at the pool.  I'm sure when summer comes it will be really jammed there but we had the are all to ourselves.I did really enjoy the non smoking rooms and non smoking floors.  The ventilation in the casinos themselves was really good and not nearly as smokey as some of the older casinos.The wi-fi was supposed to be free with the package but every time you tried to login you were not able to.  The 3G for ATT didn't work very well inside without it.  We could have investigated it, I suppose but I let it go.I would like to say we'll be back but I'm thinking without some sort of great deal from Mr. Wynn, it will be out of my price range.
3	I thought the hotel was beautifully decorated and the room was great. We upgraded to the panoramic suite. The suite was wonderful and very roomy. The tub was nice and oversized. Our issues started right away. One of the glasses in the bathroom had lipstick around the rim, the shelf under the sink clearly is a spot the maids frequently skip over, the ice bucket was full of water telling me that it had not been cleaned out when I called down to the front desk they seemed pretty apathetic but fixed the problems.When we checked in it was notable that the front desk was cold and unwelcoming.  We came to Vegas to relax and hang out by the pool so most days we were pretty casual. We always dressed in acceptable dress code yet whenever we went into the stores they seemed snooty.  It was really annoying. The store keepers were so uppity it wasn't enjoyable shopping there.If you are going to Vegas to hang out at the pool the Wynn/Encore is not the place. There are 3 pools. The pool at the Wynn is the largest but it doesn't get any deeper than ~3 feet . It was so shallow that it really wasn't even fun. The two pools at the Encore are also really shallow and are so small that I was surprised. For as upscale and showy as the Wynn/Encore presents itself they should be embarrassed to sport what appears to be the two smallest pools on the strip.Overall I would say that the pros and cons balance each other out giving the Encore only average marks.
1	Beautiful hotel. So well done but the beds are really bad. Last night we were sleeping on two different levels with one side of the bed low in the valley and the other side high on the hill. I changed rooms right now hoping for a better bed but instead the new room actually has a broken bed! What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas?! I'm waiting now for a supervisor to come and take me on a tour of the rooms with new beds. I'll be checking out sooner than planned and never coming back!
5	We checked in at Encore at around 3:30pm. The hotel staff first gave us a room on 21st floor facing the golf course, but the room keys didn't work. After spending more than half an hour waiting in the hallway and back and forth calling the front desk figuring out the problems, I went down to the front desk and complained. The staff apologized and upgraded us to 28th floor with a Strip view. Yay!Our king suite room was very spacious with a huge bathroom. There were some nice features in the room, such as the electric control panel for drapes, sheers, and all the lighting in the room, a 360 degree TV, a bathroom TV, and the comfortable down king bed. The most stunning part in the room is, of course, the ceiling-to-floor window overlooking the Strip. Since Encore is not located in the heart of the Strip, we could not see too many casinos buildings. But this was the best view we could get based on the location. Nothing better than ending and starting my days in Vegas with a stunning view on 28th floor! I really really loved my room here at Encore!
5	We went to the Wynn hotel for a couple getaway and left impressed with the luxury of the hotel and rooms. We always remembered the rooms being the best we've experienced in Vegas. Encore lives up the the hype of our first experience with the Wynn. We stayed in an upgraded King suite and the room and linens were of premium quality and the flat screen HD tv was nice. The room was the nicest I've been in in Vegas. The housekeeping service was prompt and courteous. The employees were all courteous and helpful. The only negative was that the tv remote was not working when we arrived (but was quickly replaced by housekeeping) and the line to the front desk was busy and went to voicemail. The casino felt smaller than some of the other highend casinos on the Strip and they did not have their own poker room so we had to go to the Wynn which wasn't a big deal but something to keep in mind.
5	I don't give out top ratings to hotels/resorts very easily.  I'm chronically critical of such establishments, even though I'm a very frequent traveler, and stay in hotels all the time.  Even luxury hotels bum me out sometimes - and often feel either over the top or just overly expensive.And, I don't really like Vegas very much.So, with that as the backdrop, I'm giving the Encore 5 stars. It was awesome.  Our room was perfect.  We had one of the panoramic "suites" (although calling it a suite is a bit of an exaggeration - I'd call it a "large-ish room with a separate seating area."  But, it was well-appointed, the bed was comfortable, and we had a killer view of the strip.We ate a few meals on the property - including Botero (which I'll review when I get to it) which was great.  I would avoid the buffet next time, but there are plenty of other places to get different levels of food, from casual to top-of-the-line.  All in all, I had no complaints.Most importantly, the Encore did its job for being "cozy" - but still with just the right level of Vegas energy.  It was high-end, but somehow avoided being obnoxious.  Not sure how they do that, but I liked it.I can't imagine going back to Vegas too soon, but the next time I'm there, I'll be back at the Encore.
4	Overall we had a very pleasant experience. However, there was one little hiccup... our mini-fridge in the room had a really annoying hum to it that drove me crazy and kept me up in the middle of the night.  When I called front desk they said they would send an engineer up... hrm... methinks not. It's 2 in the morning and I just want to sleep!  So she rudely suggested "just pull out the plug".  But prior to doing that LADY, I wanted to ensure that it would not somehow charge me for all 20 drinks in the fridge... Anyway, we lived with the mini-fridge unplugged all weekend which meant many trips to the ice maker all the way down at the other end of the hallway.Small price to pay for an otherwise spectacular weekend.
4	I was really excited about my stay at the Encore and I think for the most part, the hotel delivered a nice stay with few hitches. Situated next to the Wynn at the end of the strip, it feels a little far to get here. The Encore hasn't quite grown into itself yet, meaning that it doesn't feel full or happening like the Wynn.. but it has all the potential to get there. The pools are smaller than the Wynn but nice. And the restaurants are pretty good too.A couple of things to consider for your stay here: get a room that's as high up as possible. I was on the 34th floor and could hear the dance music all night. It was hard to sleep and even when we switched rooms, we had the same problem. Also, cabs don't come here as often and the cab line can get quite long. Give yourself some time to get around. We saw Le Reve while we were here which was excellent. The Wynn theater is nice. All and all, not a bad place to stay. I just wish it had that extra something special
4	We adore this hotel! we stay here once a year for my bday! U can't beat the free drinks as gamble all night! and club XS is hot hot hot! Once u gt pass the some what lazy and clueless front desk, u are free to enjoy your stay!!! oh my they also have the best food. I eat croissants ALL DAY for everyday that we stay there! they have the best croissants. lol The only annoying thing besides the FD, is that corny new outdoor party place w the balcony.
5	My favorite hotel anywhere.  Clean, beautiful, and quiet.  Service is top notch, great views, and lots of natural sunlight.  I love the large windows and how every detail has been thought of in advance.
4	I am a fan of the vegan options and the pretty but opulent and unnecessary grandeur inside and out.I will never buy sunglasses that cost $1,500 but someone they got me eating a plate of veggies for $20+.This is a swanky place and in general I am not a big Vegas fan, but for providing vegan options at all, I four star it!
5	Go big or go home. Don't freaking even bother going to Vegas unless you're going to stay somewhere high class like Encore. Yes, even if you're going to spend the entire weekend drunk and you claim you won't remember anything. It's STILL worth it.Encore is all about the little details that make your trip perfect. For example, putting your name on your room key and making it also your players card. "oh now I feel special and appreciated and it's that much easier for me to gamble. Thanks!"Another plus-- the whole place is decorated in that big, over-the-top Las Vegas way we all love. gardens in the main lobby, five bajillion mirrors in the hallways so you can check yourself out, and art all over the place. Even when you're lost looking for the elevators back to your room you'll stay entertained just by looking at the walls.The pool is fabulous, as you would expect. The 21+ pool ensures you won't spend your Saturday afternoon sitting next to a mom in a Mickey mouse Tshirt with her six kids-- you'll be sunbathing with the beautiful people.I'll definitely be back on my next trip!
4	Very nice place, quiet in room area.   Gave it 4 stars for a few reasons1. Not the best place with those traveling with kids under 18.    When the beach club is open, there is really no dress code for those heading to the pool.  Although your teenage boy might enjoy the women walking down the halls with skimpy bathing suits with six inch heels and bad language, you might not.2.  Same applies to night time with those waiting for the clubs to open.3. Thought is was funny that they had hosts at the double doors opening them for people but they were 15% successful in doing so.4. Thought it was odd that housekeeping started their rounds approx 9am then stuck a card on the door that they were unable to clean the room.  Come on guys this is Vegas. Who gets up before 9 am!5. Don't buy at the shops.  There is a huge markup. For example a meat slicer sold for $510.00 in the home store but when I red lasered it on my iPhone I found it for $375... 6. If you want a cheap meal, go across the street at the food court at the mall.  You won't really find one here.
5	My new favorite hotel...Nice rooms.Home of XS.Easy to navigate casino.Great customer service.We have a winner!
5	I love this place
5	Wynn and Encore are two beautiful sister hotels. I stayed in the Encore King Suite and it was perfect for me and my boyfriend. I booked during a promotion as well so that was a real bonus! Their customer service is great and my overall stay here was just enjoyable. Two great clubs are conveniently located downstairs, XS and Surrender.The ONLY thing I would have to mention is how stuffy it can get in the hotel. They definitely need to crank up the A/C! Other than that, I am looking forward to another stay here!
5	Just a quick update...We cheated on the Encore this past weekend by staying at The Cosmopolitan.  While The Cosmopolitan is a great hotel, they have NOTHING on the Encore (except for the better location)!!!I was reminded of why I LOVE the Encore.  EVERY staff member is awesome and friendly.  I have never had to complain about anything at the Encore.  The Encore room is PERFECT!!!  Plus, The Cosmo does not have a "smell" like the Encore.I am so sorry Encore, my love!!!  I will NEVER stray again!!!  Please forgive me!!!
4	A few comments:1) The rooms are great, best on strip.2) Staff is great and helpful3) Euro pool is a total waste. Having had  visiting many Euro sunbtahing resorts, the Encore is far from it. There is a 15/1 ratio of guys the gals (ex retired frat guys, or old guys trying to be 40 again. The creep factor is off the charts here. Wife who is very comfortable being topless, was reluctant due to amount of creeps. Totally ruined the experience, they should make it mandatory topless and only couples allowed in. This pool is the run off for Encore beach party that charges for entry while this pool is free. Spoke to several 30's-40"s couple whom felt the same way.Overall a great hotel and other than the Euro pool, all is fantastic
4	It's the sequel to the Wynn, just like the Palazzo is the sequel to the Venetian. The decor is beautiful, making you feel like you are in one of the more elite hotels in Vegas. If you're looking for luxury and a place to come in order to feel like you're getting the best service around, the Encore will do it for you! There is a red theme running through the hotel, and I have to say the decor and atmosphere makes you feel more cozy and welcoming aside from other hotels that seem plain jane but still give you the elitist feeling. Surprisingly, I don't tend to gamble in the more popular hotels on the strip, but felt like I had a little luck in this place.
5	Great room and stay at Encore. I've played and hanged out several times at Encore, so eventually I wanted to stayed here. Finally got a room with the GF and one of my boys. They're both Vegas virgins and Encore didn't disappoint their first time experience. I won't be redundant and describe every little details about the room. It's going to have the amenities and features you would expect. Plus, the infamous swivel TV. But suffice to say, it's nice, immaculate, and spacious. Nice, soft, comfy bed. Floor to ceiling windows with a nice view of the pools at Encore/Wynn and a bit of the strip. It was really cool to take the nice white leather desk chair put it in front of the windows, put your feet up, and take in the view. I had heard about the music at XS raging all night long. Although we wouldn't mind that so much due to that's the way we are and partly because we would stay up til sunrise anyway. I did request a higher floor room. We whine up being on the 37th floor and couldn't hear anything from XS or Surrender. Went to the Encore pool on Thursday and Friday. Nice garden ambiance. Resort pool with kids was not loud or obnoxious at all. European pool was nice as well, just a few girls that were topless. It wasn't that much of a party pool and I'm saying that in a good way. Nice and serene. Nice touch to have elevators leading directly to the pool and avoiding the casino floor. We went to the Wynn pool on Saturday. I would say the major difference is the Wynn pool is bigger and music is blasting from the European party pool. So to each their own. I did wish that both pools had more cabana girls serving drinks b/c the wait can be awhile before they get to you. Went up to concierge desk to get line passes to XS. Had a slight snafu there, wanted the tickets for Saturday night and told him that, he printed them for Friday. So we double check and one of the other concierge guy passed us and asked if everything was alright and then we asked about the passes. Turns out , the passes does have to be printed for the night you're going. Then he told us come back tomorrow and they'll take care of it. After waiting for a good while at the desk on Saturday, turns out, you can have the passes printed for whatever night anytime. So after discovering the mistake on Friday they could have printed passes for Saturday night right then and there. So be sure that the passes are printed for the night you're going, to avoid this situation. But still a minor thing in my book. Wherever we were at; valet, craps table, pool, or bar. The guest service was superb to us. The interaction was always polite, courteous, and warm. Another thing, I notice on the other reviews some Yelpers think the Encore is a little "off" or not as lively as Wynn or far from the strip. Granted the deli/cafe/buffet is at the Wynn and you have to walk over there. But I consider all of it one big resort, so don't be lazy about a leisurely stroll people!!! Another point, if you're a first timer and want to be near the strip or have a really good strip view. This place is not ideal. Even though you'll get a view of the pools and golf course. Your view will be partially block by the Wynn itself. The location is a little away from the action of the strip. Who needs it, if you're a Vegas regular and you don't need that toursity/kitsch of the strip. It goes back to the Encore being a more serene option to stay at.Now, for the nightly atmosphere. I agree there is a subtle difference between Encore and Wynn. The Wynn is bigger, thus more people therefore more rowdy action. I would say Encore is crowded and the Wynn is packed. The difference can be visualize as the craps table at Wynn has a lot of 21yr olds and the tables at Encore has the 30yr olds that actually has money...I kid, I kid. But come Friday or Saturday night there are plenty of girls in heels prancing around at both places. At 5am Friday night/Saturday morning at the craps table, it was full and we had a rowdy good time with Josh & Sully from Buffalo. So I couldn't tell the difference. The beautiful surroundings and great guest service lead me to book a room here. I'm happy to tell you there was no let-down. Encore strives to be a boutique that caters to the more refine instead of the masses. It's suppose to be a different alternative to Wynn. A serene place to step away from it all when you want to. But when you're ready, it brings the heat too. Stay here.
5	By far the best hotel on the strip. Beautifully designed with great pools and cabanas. Loved the nightclubs; they had great drinks and weren't too crowded. Of course, I was able to get in before the rest of the crowd due to a friend.  I love the Encore. The casino is quiet and more smoke free than the Wynn and it is tasteful. I recommend that everyone visiting Vegas stay here.
5	Love this place.  Really, who doesn't?!My husband and I stayed here for our wedding weekend in Vegas, and the experience was just incredible.  The front desk knew we were getting married, and sent up complimentary strawberries and champagne.  The rooms are beautiful, comfortable, and have great views.  Ours had a strip view (which, obviously, is great), but the people watching at the Beach Club, at night at XS, and at the pools during the day were added bonuses.  And for the ladies-- the bathrooms in the suites have a small vanity space (a comfy bench with a great, lit cosmetic mirror on the counter).  I hate doing my makeup standing up, and getting ready for my wedding was a great, stress-free experience thanks to this smart addition.  The gym, pool, and other amenities are great.  LOVED the gym.  The staff bring you chilled water bottles and towels while you're on the treadmils, and will bring you more water if they see that your current bottle is running low.  Ummm, who doesn't love that?
5	Stayed in a Ridiculously Large - 2 bedroom apartment
4	Love this hotel.  The rooms are spectacular, spacious and beautifully decorated. All in natural bone/beige w/black accents.  Queen bed with sitting area that has full sofa and chaise. Floor to ceiling windows. I have a great view of golf course. Everything is at the push of a button - drapes, lights, etc. Double vanity bath with stall shower and big tub. The only not so great are the towels. Not plush and kind of stiff. Room service is friendly and on time which is awesome in a hotel this size. Newspaper every am. All in all great. Too bad I have to go home.
5	If you can afford it, DON'T STAY ANYWHERE ELSE.Each room has a couch and is large enough to ease your anxiety about living out of a suitcase. The staff is super helpful and the pools are nice, classy, and fun. Encore is a bit smaller than the Wynn, but my experience has been that it is a younger crowd. The hotel has two really popular night clubs, XS and Surrender, and the newest/hottest day club, Encore Beach Club. I've been to all three clubs and most of the restaurants, and honestly, I will never stay anywhere else if I can help it!I honestly smile every time I walk into this place, and right now I'm kind of speechless trying to describe its beauty and comfort. You have to check it out for yourself!!
5	I LOVE this hotel.  Stayed here 3 nights w/ the bf for vacay & were provided great service upon arrival. This place is all about luxury..with stores on the Esplanade like Louis Vuitton, Manolo Blahnik & Rolex..you can expect that the rooms are just as luxurious...& they are!!!Anytime you need your room made-up there is even an option on the door panel inside so housekeeping won't be banging on your door or barging into your room. The bathroom is really nice & pretty ginormous you even have a TV in there which is a good & bad thing for me since I take a long time to get ready haha. I also appreciate that they're not shiesty w/ the bathroom toiletries & provide nice products.The pool is super nice too & I like that there is a guest elevator so you don't have to walk through the casino to get to the pool. I went to the pool everyday & loved that it was not overly crowded or swarming w/ screaming children. I like the service they provide poolside as well, the mojitos are delish & not watered down like most pool bars. There's also a European pool so if tanning topless is your thing then it's there for you.I love the nightclubs at the Wynn & Encore. Also since we were hotel guests we got into Blush w/ no cover or waiting in line. So definitely take advantage of that if you stay here! Can't wait to come back & stay here again!! I still wish I lounging poolside sipping on my mojito!!
2	This hotel is gorgeous but overpriced.  Here's my take:Rooms - really nice, clean & spaciousService Overall  - mehFront desk  - mehReservations line - my experience calling was always pleasant Bars & Lounges - nice but too expensiveClubs - didn't goRestaurants - nice but too expensivePools - okResort fees - annoyingSpa - fantastic!Shows - saw Le Reve and enjoyed itShopping - no way!  $250 for a pair of swim trunks!!I don't see the difference between this resort's much higher price tag on everything compared to that of other Vegas hotels.  Except for the spa I was not impressed with the level of customer service through out the resort.  The Wynn & Encore boast their 5 star rating but I remain unimpressed.  Service is just OK to mediocre.  I've stayed here twice with similar results.  I would only return if I had a special packaged deal or comp'ed rooms.
5	My husband and I just returned from Vegas, for the 8th time. Each time we stayed at a different hotel and this 8th trip we stayed at the Encore which by far was our best Vegas luxury hotel experience to date, hands down. We promised ourselves that the next time we're back in Vegas, Encore would be our choice again.Encore is expensive, yes, but for a good reason. Also, there's a popular school of thought for hotel choices: why pay more for a hotel if you're going to be spending most of your time outside the hotel anyway? While there is alot of basis for this school of thought, it might not necessarily hold true in Vegas. In Vegas, all the attractions are the hotels itself which means that you will be spending alot of your time in hotels: pool, meals, casino, shows, and other attractions. Guests at the Encore and Wynn have access to amenities on either side. It seems like for every great thing that was first built at the Wynn, they made it better at the Encore.If you are looking for excellent customer service, modern and gorgeous and high tech rooms, and wonderful amenities, then this place is for you. Vegas has a ton of hotel competition but Encore knows how to stand out. When we requested for more toiletries, they called us up within the next 15 mins to check if they had been delivered to our room.Some other standouts at the Encore:1. They have a European-style pool (i.e. topless optional). Best time/least crowded time to go is on late mornings early in the week.2. Beautiful pool area without the spring breakers crowd. If you don't want drinks and food service, they have multiple complimentary ice drinking water stations to keep you hydrated during those hot summer days.2. Fighting over which tv channel to watch in the room? No worries. There's a tv in the room and another tv in the bathroom.3. Automated control for lights, drapes, and room privacy from your bedside.4. Touchscreen room phone.5. Personal customer service: Whenever we called up housekeeping or the service desk, they picked up the phone and straightaway addressed us by name without us informing which room we're in. The last time we got this type of personal experience was when we stayed at the Four Seasons in Singapore.Great award-winning restaurants and shopping at the esplanade. The location is also fantastic being really close to the Palazzo, Venetian, and Fashion Show Mall. Need something from Walgreens? Take the overpass from the Wynn esplanade and cross over to the Palazzo.Hotel guests are allowed to purchase prepaid tickets for XS Nightclub and also enter through a special line. We bypassed everyone else and hardly needed to wait. Nice perk as well.Seems like everything Steve Wynn touches, it becomes golden.
2	XS and Tryst nightclubs really make this hotel...so does Encore Beach Club I'm sure as well as Le Reve.  I would award Encore many more stars for the simple fact they gave us a room on the 63rd floor (top of the building) with an amazing view for an awesome deal AND it came with free tickets to Le Reve.  HOWEVER, on our last day I noticed there were many charges for movies on my account.  Yes, we watched a couple of movies, but we went back and forth between them (don't ask).  Every time we did it was another $15 charge.  The front-desk refused to correct the charges.  I don't know what else to say - despite all the pluses in this hotel that one last display of disrespect towards a guest like me (who spent plenty at the hotel) was disheartening and extremely disappointing :(
4	Best hotel in Vegas.  Decor, atmosphere, cleanliness, and service are all at the top when compared to others.  It is all about luxury here, and there's plenty of shops like LV and Vertu to uphold that status.The rooms here are great and all have a ground to ceiling window so you can see out of your room.  If you are able to get the front view, it is amazing as you can see down the Strip to the South.  It is spacious as well, and the super amazing bed... oh man... you will never want to get up.  The pool is grandiose too.  At night, it serves as the place for XS but during the day, go down and mingle in the Euro-style pool or have a swim in the other.Two super clubs here: XS and Surrender, both taking advantage of the pools around Encore.  Lines do get long so... prepare to wait if you come late!Food option can be limited.  There's really nothing "affordable" here as most restaurants will cost you a pretty penny.  There is a sort of cafe near the walkway to Wynn but it's not that cheap either and the food isn't that great.  Just head over to the Wynn Buffet?One thing I will knock against Encore/Wynn is that their Red Club, which is the player's card, gives HORRIBLE comps.  Of course, if you gamble big, the more comps and VIP service you would get, but gambling the same amount here versus MGM or Harrah's is definitely not the same in terms of earned points.
4	I did not stay here but I visited twice, and have to say I was blown away by how pretty it was inside.  It has the best club in XS, probably the best pool party at Encore Beach, the prettiest crowd, and a great vibe.  If the rooms match the rest, it is a 5 star hotel.
5	When you have the opportunity to stay at a luxury hotel, in Vegas of all places, for around $150 a night, knowing deep down that you are not the type of client they built this palace for, get down with it. I stayed at the Wynn the last two times in Sin City and I loved it, but we thought it might be nice to give the younger sister a little attention and I am so glad we did. I'm getting old now, as was made perfectly clear when I booked a trip to Sin City mid week, instead of on the weekend when all the hip kids come out and play. But, that's actually a good thing b/c our room was cheaper and we got a king suite for $139 a night. The room is really plush, roughly 750 sq. feet and it was just what the doctor ordered for my summer get away. Bed was comfy, pillows were oversized and fluffy, robes were an excellent touch and overall we had a wonderful time. When I'm in Vegas, I get down with the Wynn or Encore b/c once you go black.... you know the rest.
5	GGGGGRRRREEEEAAATTTT Hotel! I love this place. Very chic European feel. You better be ready to spend a pretty penny because everything is expensive here. The Wynn and Encore are linked together, but the Encore is more updated. The casino is beautiful, the architecture, the accessories. The pool has a French Riviera feel. There is a family type pool at the Wynn but the Encore is more for adults. They also have a European pool that is 21 and up that is topless. Concierge was very accommodating and made you feel like you were VIP! Love that. The people are hip and it was very exciting. The Beach Club pool party is off the hook on Sunday as well as Club XS being the hottest club in Vegas. Great hip loungy house music throughout the hotel. I loved it!Our king suite was off the hook. Living room with separate sleeping area (360 degree swivel flat screen). Executive desk and chair area. Sick ass bathroom with separate tub and seating shower (another flat sceen in there). Full of glass and mirrors! Luxury at its best. We got a special deal to stay and see the show "La Reve." Look out for their offers. Again, be ready to spend a lot of money. If you don't want to spend soooo much, head over to the next block to the little strip mall. They have a liquor store, mexican food, pizza, etc. Check out my pictures!
2	I loved my experience here. The place is stunningly beautiful and the bed and linens totally blew my mind. That being said, my opinion of Encore is lowered substantially because of my experience dealing with the lost and found department. A couple of hours after checking out, I realized I had forgotten my phone charger. I was still going to be in town for another day, so I called and left a message with the lost and found folks. No response. Called again the next morning, left another message, and three days later, still no response. Why?! That's incredibly uncool, and I don't plan on returning to Encore as a result of this. I do plan on buying a new dang phone charger, though. Jerks.
5	What to add to the 5 star  rating. ...... From the whimsical lobby with the beautiful blown glass chandeliers it pairs and compliments the Wynn . The bedroom interior is more spacious at the Encore than Wynn , decor is more grown up colors of creams, gold, and black. The seating area is larger with an L sectional so plush. The tub and restroom as always is marbled with  charm and The view at the Wynn has a great sunset with panorama  Canyon view while the Encore has more back strip and canyon views. I did like the pool at the Encore better than the Wynns, but either hotel is a win, even for the discerning  aficiando ~
4	I stayed at Encore during EDC weekend. I booked a 2 person, 4- night package deal through Expedia. It came with 2 plane tickets which came around to be $1,300 for the weekend. It was probably the best deal for the weekend for a nice hotel..It was my first time staying at Encore. I usually stay at Venetian or Palazzo. Let me tell you this, we had a suite and the setup is horrible! Venetian/Palazzo blows Encore out of the water!! No joke. Rooms are small and most importantly, there is no cell phone reception inside Encore! WTFBBQ! Several of us had Verizon, AT&T (LOL..they always do not have reception), and Sprint. Encore needs to step up there game and get a cell phone tower built into their hotel. We had several issues where they told us we have $150 hotel credit when we checked in. We used that credit for room service and etc. At checkout, they said they never mentioned it..like wtf? We complained and they fixed the problem.
4	Are you ready to Check In to your suite?Encore remains to be the one of the premiere hotels in Las Vegas. There have been a few that have tried to challenge the standing of the Encore and Wynn, like new comers, "the Cosmopolitan", and "The City Center", but when it comes to true luxury, world class cuisine, exclusive clientele, Steve Wynn continues to lead and raise the bar a little higher than the rest. This all suite hotel is home to some of the hottest clubs on the strip.  XS and Encore Beach Club featuring some of the hottest DJ's from around the world.  I was here for a intimate party at the Beach Club with Deadmau5, as well as the residency with Steve Aoki at XS, (one of the biggest club nights at the property).  The Spa at the Wynn is also amazing.  Make sure that you spend a few hours there, you won't want to leave.  They have couches and fireplace that you can stay and relax while sipping on water with lemon slices.  Once you're done with the spa, what's next?  Back to your suite?  Hit the shops?  Take your chances at the High Roller's Table?  The options are endless....Steve, you've really outdone yourself.
4	I really love this hotel and my most recent stay was one of many since it's opened. It's beautiful and has a good number of amenities as well as a great selection of restaurants (many of which are vegan friendly!).   The pool at Encore is really well kept and the fact that they have an "European" pool is really great if you don't want kids around since it's 21 and up only.  The bell/door staff was really great and Katie at checkin was extremely helpful. The only hiccup in the staffing that I encountered was one slightly rude woman at the Sundries shop. This is definitely a more mature crowd, so if you are looking for a nice place that feels like a party, you'll be better off at another hotel. It's not as old as the crowd at the Wynn, but definitely older than that at the Venetian. If you are looking for a nicer place that's a little less rambunctious, you won't be disappointed here.
5	If Las Vegas is my spiritual home, then the little triangle of Encore/Wynn/Palazzo cushioned by the Peppermill and Riv is where I come to worship. This. Is. It.
5	Awesome hotel and friendly staff made the trip to Vegas awesome. Winning and getting comped helped too.
5	This place is so fancy it hurts! Staying here is very relaxing and fun. They have a number of clubs in the hotel ( Encore Beach Club, Surrender and XS). XS was interesting because it had two entrances. I had a great time, and I'll for sure come back here again.
5	This is my favorite hotel in Vegas. The rooms are beautiful and large. The lobby always smells good and it's a little less hectic than many of the other casinos. The hotel rooms are beautiful, modern and bright. The beds are comfortable and the lighting and curtains are all the most modern technologies.The bathrooms have large tubs and showers and I love that they supply you with things like toothbrush, mouthwash, and soaps that you may have forgotten at home. They have a nice mini bar with gourmet little snacks that are hard to resist. Services at the hotel are very good. They have turn down each evening and place chocolates on the bedside table. You can find great deals on their website, especially during summer months or by signing up for their mailing list.Vegas spoils you in terms of bang for your buck for the hotel room. Where else can you stay in a 5 star hotel for under $200 a night?!
3	As soon as you walk into this place, go get yourself signed up for the "Red Card" (Players card).  When you sign up, you automatically get $10 for free to gamble.  You must put a $1 in the slots to activate your card.  I turned my dollar into $10 with the Red Card :)This place is very pretty.  The red plastered on the floor, walls and chandeliers just makes the whole place come alive.  It's sexy.  Even my players card was sexy to me with all that red and gold.
5	LOVED this hotel- absolutely no regrets. The rooms are complete with heavenly beds and electric blackout shades. Steve Wynn- you get it, and I appreciate you for that. The minimums on the tables can be a bit steep here- so best to avoid the blackjack tables at 5 in the morning. No, I am not speaking from experience.......When you stay at the Encore, you have access to its pools as well as Wynn's. The Encore pools are a bit better if you are looking for a quieter scene, but personally I really loved the Wynn pools- complete with poolside gambling and a great playlist. Avoid the brunch- this is what I call a Poor Life Choice- the lines are absolutely atrocious and that is what your stomach will feel like for the next day and a half. I did enjoy brunch at Social though.
5	This hotel rocks.  I would have to say that they probably have the best suites of all the hotels I've stayed at.  We had a king bed suite and loved the decor, the mirrors, the huge bathroom, great lighting, etc. and the Mini Bar is stocked with great stuff!  I could have stayed here for weeks!  It definitely isn't cheap though.  This place has great pools - the standard and European pool plus Encore Beach Club and clubs - XS, Surrender.  Walk right over to Wynn and you got Blush and Tryst plus a number of other restaurants too.  We didn't have to leave the hotel because it had everything!
4	My favorite hotel on the strip.Pros- Most likely the cleanest hotel on the strip- Doesn't smell like an ash tray- Great crowds (no thugs, no sweat pants, no basketball shorts + flip flops, no hoodies)- At night you need a room key to get pass the guard at the elevators- Pools are clean and not over crowded- Drinks are not lacking alcohol (even top shelf)- Access to several clubs between Encore and Wynn- Great room comps- Great decor and serviceCons- Its at the end of the strip
4	Best bathrooms I've used thus far :)
4	This hotel is opulence overload. It is very well done, from amenities to keeping the "Vegas riff raff" out. The on call staff off Rolls Royce is enough said. However, I wasn't completely happy with the guest staying there. It's a bit "AARP" and "Boca Raton". Old, rich and very boring! The casino was always dead. The stores are packed with women stuffing themselves into thing made for the young and beautiful. The food was great but expect to pay the premium. Clubs and bars were great too. Be prepared to get table service or expect to wait in line forever. Granted they even like your "look". The Encore Beach Party was simply amazing. One of the best parties ever! I highly recommend it!
5	best hotel ever!nice room nice service nice restaurants nice casino nice buffet
4	Encore is a great addition to the Wynn. I actually liked the casino, it seemed to be a little more quiet than the Wynn. The room was very nice, love the ceiling to floor windows and the seating area. Steve Wynn is always spot on with his attention to detail. I only give it 4 stars because the wait service was very sparse. Took way too long to get drinks at the poker machines.
4	Although my hotel of choice in Vegas is the Wynn, my husband and I decided to mix it up a bit and try the Encore this time.  The Encore is a little different from the Wynn in that it seems a bit more sparsely laid out.  Also, according to one of the clerks at the front desk, the Encore is supposed to be more "contemporary" than the Wynn.   Here are some of my thoughts about this hotel and casino:Pros:- Much less hectic gambling area with lower limit tables being available pretty much all day - even at peak times on Friday and Saturday nights, believe it or not.  - The resort king suites are slightly larger than the Wynn's standard rooms with a separate sitting area and couch.  - Closer to the shopping area with high end boutiques such as Chanel, Hermes and Rolex.  Cons:- Not many casual dining options.  My husband and I found ourselves walking over to the Wynn side for quick meals during our stay.    - Slightly more expensive rates (at least whenever I've checked).  - A lot of drunk people stumbling into the casino from the beach club in the afternoon, which can be annoying when you're trying to gamble.  - Less selection of room toiletries (no razors, toothbrushes or slippers, which I've found in all of the Wynn rooms, from the standard rooms all the way up to the Tower and Parlor suites)- Decor is a little too much for my tastes and I didn't care for all of the red in the casino.  While I really enjoyed my stay here, I would probably stay at the Wynn side next time, just because the Encore seems kind of far from everything.  But I must say that I had a great time gambling at the Encore and would come back to the tables here because it isn't as crowded.  And overall, one of the things I've noticed about the Wynn/Encore is how friendly the dealers and pit bosses are.  Most of the ones I've encountered have been very personable and always willing to help you out if you're a beginning player.  Also, if you're a Red Card member and playing at the tables, you'll always get rated, regardless of your bet amount.
4	Stayed here on the last vegas trip with some friends. I can't say I'm a huge fan of the casino, but as far as the rooms go, awesome! Pretty spacious rooms kind of like venetian/palazzo. Four of us fit very comfortably in there. The best thing about the room though by FAR was the shower. I love showers with strong water pressure. My god the shower was so good I'm pretty sure the shower-head needed a cigarette when I was done. I want to stay here again just to take another shower.
4	First time staying here, it was a couple of weeks ago where I went with my girlfriend and her family and my brother and my friend. The room was very very nice and the shower was AMAZING. I loved it.Food places= not really a lot of places to choose since it is a very high quality hotelCasino= very nice, but table game minimums are very expensiveBuffet = Was AMAZINGRoom= VERY VERY nice, sort of like Venetian and Palazzo
5	Encore really is as good as it gets!Beautiful resort, easy parking, extremely friendly staff, and the rooms are gorgeous! They have terrific restaurant options, as well as night life options, and the pool areas are pristine! There really is no reason to leave this property during your stay. Encore is also right across the street from Fashion Show mall, in case you need to do some shopping or get a last minute shirt for your trip.The only issue I have with Encore, is that it's too far north on the strip, meaning, everything else worth seeing is a little far away, which isn't a huge deal.
5	Love this hotel.  Staffs are very friendly and attentive to your needs.  Rooms are very spacious and clean.  The casino does not smell like cigarettes, very good ventilating system.
5	Best in Vegas, bar none.  Thanks Mr. Wynn for repeated great stays and memories.  We'll keep coming back.
4	I absolutely loved this hotel! I stayed here from 8/26-8/28 in a Resort King Room and it was absolutely beautiful. Usually, I say the room doesn't really matter especially when in Vegas, because most the time is spent out and about partaking in drunken debauchery. However, (and the bf agreed) this past weekend we actually ended up spending a good amount of time in the room just because it was that awesome. From the auto drapes and lights (which makes everything soooo much easier) to the floor to ceiling windows, to the gorgeous bathroom, this room easily gets 5 stars! Note: We were staying in the most basic room at the Encore and asked for the highest level available. We were given the 36th floor. Initially, we paid the $20/night upgrade for a "panoramic view room." We were moved to the 58th floor facing downtown (same as the the 36th floor). We went to our upgraded room and it was the same EXACT  view we had in our non upgraded room on the 36th floor. We went back to the check in desk and requested to be switched back to the basic room. They switched us back with no questions asked. Needless to say, the upgrade probably isn't worth it unless your going to be facing the strip. Now to review the other resort amenities: European pool at Encore is awesome, especially on Saturdays. It's an adult scene with a DJ and all. Only a few women (grandma types) had their tops off. The normal pool is nice as well if you're into the more laid back scene. We also ventured to the Wynn adult pool and normal pool. The normal pool here is nicer than Encores in my opinion. However, the adult pool at Wynn seemed kind of dirty and grimy to me (Encores is was much nicer). Drinks at both pools were over priced (as expected) so we just pre gamed in the room ;-) The casino at the Encore is nice, especially during the day; lots of open machines. Elevators to the rooms are very close to the parking structure (which is much appreciated in Vegas summer heat). We didn't use restaurants or clubs here so I can't comment on that aspect of Encore. Now my gripes (and the reason I docked a star): 1. As many others have mentioned, the location kind of leaves something to be desired. Not because it's far from the Southern end of the strip, but because North of Encore it gets kind of dingy. We wanted to venture to Walgreen's but there were some sketchy characters (and that's by Vegas standards) in the area. 2. After 11pm Encore becomes a zoo. Both XS and Surrender are in the hotels casino and an insane amount of people crowd the area. The line for XS wraps all the way through the Esplanade and the one for Surrender goes right smack dab through the center of the casino. 3. 20/night resort fee. mehh, it was kind of expected though. (it is nice that in room wi-fi is included in this, and they give you free water at the pool so I guess youre getting what you pay for)Other than that, it was an awesome hotel experience with an accommodating and helpful staff! Will return!
5	Everyone loves Encore, me included. I just wish the Red Card wasn't such a lame player's card/loyalty program and I wish XS (which I like as a venue overall) didn't feature the entire cast of extras from Rush Hour 2 on random nights.4 stars given the above, 1 bonus star to put us at the magical 5 since I've never smelled a better place in my life. Random, I know, but take a deep breath when you enter. Ladies, I'll marry the next one of you that smells like that...
5	This place was amazing. My friend and I did not stay here but we ate at the botero restaurant which is part of Encore. Their food was amazing. We had the veggie sandwich wrapped in sourdough bread with sweet potato fries and it was so fresh and tasty. I LOVED walking around this place. Red is my favorite color and I loved the vibrant feel of the hotel. I wanted to stay there the whole time- great spots to get your upscale shopping on too:) They had a pool party going on too when we were there. The staff was helpful when we asked questions about which places to eat at and visit. If I go back to Vegas this would be my place of choice. Encore!! tres bien:)
4	We just returned from LDW 2011 in Vegas!! We previously stayed at the Wynn, but had such a dodgy experience last time that we decided to try Encore. I am soooo glad we did because it blows the Wynn away. This hotel is really wonderful.Decor and ambience - 5 starsLove the incredible red decor. It's warm and inviting yet funky and bright! The layout is convenient and seems smaller than most casino hotels in Vegas. This is a good thing to me as you don't feel like you are walking forever from the entrance to get to your room like some hotels.Location - 3.5It is located on the north end of the strip, so it's not as convenient as most of the hotels for walking to everything. We had to shell out serious cash for cabs. The Rooms -  5 Stars We had a room facing north towards the Hilton hotel. Great view, amazingly well appointed, and best of all QUIET!! That for me is a major point our room at the Wynn was not quiet at all.The Staff - 4.5 StarsVery courteous and incredibly helpful everywhere we went. I love that they always used my name when I picked up the phone no matter what department I contacted. No one appeared to be indifferent or have an attitude which can happen at some hotels.The Euro/Adult Pool -  5 starsGreat Music, fun vibe in the afternoon, decent bar tenders, and not overly crowded. Only a few dare to bare so don't let your puritanical American mind fret too much over this fact.Prepare to Pay and Pay Big - 3.0 starsNothing is cheap in Vegas, but it blows me away that hotels can charge $15 dollars for a shot and $11 and up for drinks. That is highway robbery and thank GAWD we don't gamble because we certainly spent plenty of money on food and dining. Encore Beach - 3.5 starsThe pool party on Saturday was outta sight fun!! This pool area is huge and definitely one of the nicer pools around Vegas. My only gripe is they didn't have enough bartenders to handle the crowd size. It's LDW and the pool was jam packed. I kinda felt bad for the bartenders because they looked slammed and never seemed to get a breather. Guess that's part of the job, but I didn't like having to wait 20 mins for a drink and I never saw a server come our way.Spa - 3.5 starsPricey but well worth saving your pennies if you have a special night and want to get your makeup done. The makeup artists and hairstylists at Encore are amazing!! We also got mani/pedis, but they were nothing to write home about.Dining - Society Cafe - 4 stars - I will write a separate review for them, but we ate breakfast and lunch here. Nothing special nothing horrible either.Breakfast Buffet 2.5 stars in the Wynn - $40 per person - Seriously WTF! It was quite the spread but certainly not worth the price. Pool food -2.75 Asian salad ok but nothing special. Luckily the servers were super nice and really helpful.Lobby bar by the elevators - 0 starsWhatever you do STAY AWAY from the lobby tapa bar. I had the worst food poisoning from eating bad shrimp. It ruined an entire evening and night of my 4 day trip. Luckily, I recovered enough the next day to enjoy what was left of our stay. I will say that the hotel did send up security to check on me and so I could file a report.SW - 3.0 starsMeh not the best food I ever ate. Server was decent, but I just can't believe they can charge $62 for 12oz filet and $12 per side with straight faces. - I will write a review soon because as nice as the dreamscape show and the level of service may be, it doesn't justify the exorbitant price to dine here. Also watch out the drinks here are incredibly strong!Overall it averages out to be - 3.5 to 4.0 starsDespite the one food poisoning blemish we will definitely stay there again. May not eat there again, but definitely a great room in a nice hotel.
4	Our stay at the Encore was a very pleasant one. We were able to get a great deal through Southwest vacations already, and when we arrived, our room was immediately upgraded to the panoramic suite facing the Strip without our even requesting!Rooms were spacious, had a nice view, and the beds were crazy comfortable. The bathroom was so clean that I even ran a bath. The view of the Wynn and the Strip was super baller. However, if you're actually planning to get some sleep (Um, you're in Vegas. Why sleep?), be aware that the rooms facing the strip are also facing Encore Beach Club/Surrender night club. On the 58th floor I could still hear music all day/night long (I suppose they shut it down at some point in the very early morning until about 11am). I didn't care, but I think if I was actually trying to get a full night's rest, I might care. The hotel staff were professional, courteous, helpful, accommodating. We requested a few things from housekeeping and they brought them quickly.In the casino, I was able to catch $10 minimums for craps tables a lot of the time, even during some peak hours. It doesn't beat downtown Vegas $5 minimums, but at least you don't have to schlep all the way there. Video poker machines are slow but entertaining, so you can just put in a little bit of money, play slowly, and get some free drinks. The pool was fantastic and our group spent quite a bit of time there. One of the nights, we went to Surrender night club. The line looks intimidating and doesn't make a lot of sense (it stretches through the middle of the casino), but it went pretty quickly. The club itself was very nice and had a mini casino.It's a good thing we got a deal on our stay here because everything is expensive. Internet is $13.95 for 24 hrs (lucky we got it for free). Breakfast burritos are $10. I made a big stink about this, but damn if it wasn't a tasty breakfast burrito. The $10 is probably paying for their super wasteful packaging: thick plastic container inside a plastic bag.The location of the hotel is at the end of the Strip, but we didn't feel like we were missing out on anything. A few times, we walked to other casinos (as far as the Bellagio, but took a taxi if it was farther). We still felt like we had options of where we wanted to spend our time and didn't feel limited by the location.I definitely want to stay here again. Hopefully on another deal...
4	I was always a Palazzo fan and not to take away from Palazzo but this hotel is awesome. The rooms here are beautiful. Period. And I don't use the word "beautfiul," but I don't think there is a better way to describe it.  These rooms are meant for smaller groups and couples (unlike Palazzo).  It is not as big as Palazzo and just has one King bed, which is nice, but if you're planning on bean packing a butt load of people it ain't gonna work.What's also cool is that everything is automated including blinds, lights, privacy settings.The main bad thing here for which I knocked it from a 5 to 4 is b/c you can hear the XS bass pretty well from your room at night, which is kind of distracting if you're trying to sleep. If you can get past the judgment of me being in my room in Vegas while XS was still open, you'll see my point.  We were on the 14th floor too and it was still not great. It was difficult to fall asleep, so the second night I put it on my "sleeping" playlist on my iPad and slept like a baby.The other downfall, which I didn't really dock for, but is something to take into account is that it is at the very end of the strip, so you do have to walk a bit if you want to go more central areas. However, there is so much around it like the mall across the street and the Wynn Shops and the North Outlets are one (express) bus stop away. And obviously, it's pricey, so hope you have money to cough up.
5	Just returned from a fabulous Labor Day weekend stay at the Encore.  This was our second stay at the Encore and I must say it was almost better the second time around.   Wonderful top notch experience from start to finish.  About a month before our visit I called the hotel to ask if they remembered the room we stayed in last year which they did and I requested if we could have the same room on our upcoming visit.  The request was noted in our reservation and accomodated upon check in.  Room was amazing just like last time with the world's most comfortable bed overlooking the strip and also the pool.  After a quick and pleasant check in we went up to our room changed into our bathing suits and headed down to the pool for drinks at the bar.  Energetic bar with friendly and knowledgable bartenders.  Crowded pool but lots of chairs and very helpful pool attendants assisted with finding an available spot.    Love the pool areas, very clean and vibrant with lots of space and trees  Feels like an oasis, you would never know you are in the desert.  The rooms are just gorgeous.  Floor to ceiling windows, request a strip view for an amazing view at night.  Room colors are warm cream and chocolate.  The bathroom is huge with marble floorings and walls with glass enclosed separate shower, large bath tub and separate toilet closet. Luxurious robes to wear with large soft towels and upscale toiletries.  The bed linens are heavenly soft.  They are so comfortable and are available for sale in the hotel store downstairs.I booked a hair appointment at the salon which went very well.  A little on the pricey side to put in my hair extension and style my hair ($154) but I must say she did a fantastic job!  Exactly what I wanted and my hair looked great.  The salon features all Kerastase and Shu Uemera products.  The spa where the salon is located looks amazing.    We had dinner that evening at Lakeside Grill.  Pretty good, prompt service and a nice view overlooking the lake (duh...Lakeside) but we felt it was a little too much for what we ordered. We had breakfast and lunch at Society Cafe which doesn't disappoint.  Great food and really nice restaurant.  We also had breakfast at Terrace Point Grill at the Wynn which was also very good.The casino at the Encore is beautiful but a bit more quiet than the casino at the Wynn.  Gorgeous red chandeliers and exquisite tiles and flowers everywhere.  One thing we noticed while walking through the casino as compared to other hotel casinos is the absence of cigarette smell.  I don't know what they do to control the odor but they do a great job.  They have several of the very popular clubs on property.  We went to Blush on this trip and XS last year.   Different size clubs but very similar experience.  Crowded and no seating except if you purchase bottle service which on this trip was $600 minimum.  That's ok if you have a group but for just 2 people that's a little extreme to sit down.  We did get to meet Holly Madison though which was cool.  Overall, we had another fabulous experience.  Cannot recommend the Encore enough.  Every employee we encountered was very professional and friendly.  Very upscale hotel with impeccable service.  We visited the MGM, Planet Hollywood and The Palms.  These hotels don't even compare.  I have stayed at the Venetian once before but after a tour last year it appears to be going a little downhill especially since they installed a HUGE green neon sign, makes it look like a Holiday Inn. Tip, bring your essentials i.e. sunscreen, cigarettes, cigars, etc. they charge double even triple at the hotel.  There is also a $20 per day resort fee.   We spent some time at the Wynn and want to stay there next year. The Wynn seems to be a little more lively.  Would love to compare.
5	I studied hospitality management in college, and let me tell you Steve Wynn has perfected it. I used to work for Hilton hotels and a certain resort had coined "Distinct Personalized Service." well I will tell you that The Encore blew that out of the water. Im not gay, so I don't use the word fabulous - but this room was freakin Fabulous... I don't even know where to start but I'm sure you have already read enough thorough reviews letting you know how perfect the room was. The buffet inside the encore is amazing... we would eat it towards late in the end of breakfast and pretty much stay through lunch.. Everything from crab cakes, to pad thai, to a over the top desert bar... The best in vegas. I don't have anything negative to say about it. I usually can find atleast one thing.. but really other it was perfect. Granted the everything was pricey.... but if you are staying here price isn't so much as an issue.
4	Now this is what you call living the High Life in Las Vegas! I absolutely love their modern fixtures and the service overall is stupendous. Unlike other Vegas hotels that leaves you skin dry and flaky with the smell of cigarettes, the Encore's air was not dry and was well ventilated with no smoking floors available. Their standard King Suites are spacious with dual sinks, a huge soaking tub and a separate walk in shower. Oh and did I mention that all the lights and curtains can be operated by the touch of a button next to your bed (especially useful for those long nights and sleep-in mornings--that's what you get for waking up in Vegas!)The amenities are great too! The pool area is great to lounge in and get and take a dip on a hot and humid day. Their are also plenty of shops and restaurants to choose from that are all top notch! I'd definitely recommend staying at the Encore.The only reason I knocked it one star was because the View from my room was looking at the opposite end of the strip with a glimpse of the Stratosphere, Circus Circus, a church and a construction lot. If you can, request a strip view as I hear the views on that end are spectacular. Depending on the time of visit, you can also upgrade your room to a panoramic high floor room for just $20 bucks more a night. Something I'll definitely consider the next time I visit!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE! Encore is a beautiful hotel that has trendy decor and really amazing rooms. Our suite was big, really clean and the bed was incredibly comfortable. The little things like the shampoo and conditioner were really high quality and the fact that you could watch tv while in the shower/tub was really nice. They have a couple pools at Encore - one that is really relaxing with poolside servers that bring you food and drinks. You can charge everything to your room (dangerous!) and the classic mojito was wonderful and very refreshing on a hot Vegas day. The casino itself is really nice, clean and again the servers are prompt in bringing drinks around (even if you are on the penny slots!) They have nice restaurants and you are so close to the Wynn they pretty much have anything you need right there. You barely have to leave the hotel if you don't want to, they have though of everything. These rooms, and the ambiance is worth the price!
3	Solid experience, helpful front-level staff, great atmosphere, but lacking in five-diamond service consistency.The nuts and bolts:  Great reservation experience - helpful, accommodating and knowledgable.  The guy even had a sophisticated sense of humor.Check-in was superb - we got a guy who was training a new employee, and we could see why: quick, efficient, knowledgable.Room arrival/condition - spacious, well-equiped, clean.Housekeeping dailies - adequate for the most part, hygiene necessaries on a towel on the counter was a nice touch, forgot to fold up and put away the iron and ironing board.Stay-over maintenance - didn't follow-through on a broken compressor in on the mini-bar refer.  When asked for a follow-up, didn't fix the second time.  Good recovery from the front desk manager, who ordered us some extra beers and a deli platter on the house as an apology.Check-out - bell service was superb, friendly and capable.  For five-star service, the stay is the most important part, and the housekeeping and maintenance needs should've been, well, five-star, not two.
3	Ah, Encore, you leave me conflicted. Sometimes you shine like a diamond; sometimes you look like a gaudy paste bauble in a cheap setting. Which is the real you?First of all: I get the idea of a red theme, but come on. When you can't look anywhere and not see a solid red something, you may have taken it a little too far. But that's a minor consideration...The rooms are phenomenal. The curtain control is a nice touch. Bathrooms are truly decadent, with a TV in the mirror and a shower you could live in. Beds are comfy enough to collapse into after a long day (or night) and not want to get out of. Towels were fluffy enough by Vegas standards. The TV has more than the usual selection of channels. Service is excellent, from bellhop to desk to housekeeping. Valet is adequate.Even though Encore was bustling with people when we were there, the casino was still oddly quiet. Not too surprising, since their table minimums were way high even compared to other Strip casinos. The Wynn properties have some of the tightest slots and shortest pays on video poker I've seen, and their slot club has a catch: you don't even get a permanent card until you accumulate 500 points. I have no idea how they'd rate you at a table if you were betting quarters at blackjack for eight hours with a no-name card.Prices on drinks in the lounge are about 20% higher than other Strip properties, but the waitresses make up for it. (I'm just sayin'.) Everything is heavily marked up, unsurprisingly. drink service at machines is good if you tip reasonably, much better if you tip well.The mildly unnerving thing about both the Wynn and Encore was the people who wiped down the machines after a customer leaves. Someone would discreetly move in, wipe any fingerprints off the shiny parts of a machine, and give the button area a quick wipe. Kind of an odd fetish, but it added to an overall feeling of sterility.Maybe that was the biggest impression I got: Encore is like a supermodel in a magazine. Beautiful to look at, but distant and untouchable.
4	Encore is lovely.  It is exactly what you would expect Steve Wynn to add to his already impressive resort called The Wynn.  At the north end of The Strip, the location is one that will only improve over the years, but everything you need is within a stones throw.  There is plenty of shopping throughout the resort, and the Fashion Show Mall is directly across the street.  There are quite a few restaurants on-property to keep you busy for days.  I ate at Switch last week, and it was entertaining.  The food was pretty good.  Having a comp made it better.  No comp?  Just get a drink and watch the "Switch' from the bar.The rest of the reviews pretty well cover this property.  Definitely a wonderful place to stay.
5	Absolutely top drawer. We stayed in a panoramic suite on the 50th floor with a view of the strip (about $40 more per night than the standard room).  Check-in was flawless and quick.  The room was a cavernous 700 square feet.  Features of the room included an uber-comfortable king sized bed, a flat screen tv that swiveled between the bedroom and living room, remote control everything (lights, curtains, shears), and a nice office/ living room area.  The bathroom had a shower and soaker tub, private water closet, tv, and super high end towels & robes.Housekeeping staff did a wonderful job maintaining our room (even folding our dirty laundry that we may have left laying about). The pool areas were very well run with attentive servers. This was the best hotel room that I have had in my life.
5	Thank goodness I'm past the good old days when my friends and I would travel to Vegas and stuff 10 people into a room at Imperial Palace. Now we stuff a bunch of girls in a suite at Encore for a bachelorette party! Much more luxurious. From beginning the end, the customer service is stellar. They even print your name on the hotel key cards!The suite itself is gorgeous, with fantastic views of the strip from the floor to ceiling windows. The beds are heavenly as well with down comforters and tons of pillows. The bathrooms are huge, with marble tubs and plenty of space to stretch out and get ready for a night out. We also had room service both nights we were there and were so impressed by the friendly service by our guy, Rigo. He brought us tray after tray of delicious late night munchies with a smile on the whole time. Whenever we needed extra anything - towels, blankets, forks, whatever - it came super quickly. And that's just the room itself. One of the best parts about Encore is that you could literally stay there all weekend if you wanted to and not even bother with any other parts of the strip. From the pool to the clubs to the restaurants and casinos, Encore is top notch. It's a great, easy way to create an extravagant vacation experience without having to pay an arm and a leg or plan till you go crazy. Viva Encore!
4	Beautiful hotel room and pool. Everything is incredibly modern.  The spa was beautiful.  The only reason I have deducted a star is because it is a bit pricey.   But I'd still go back.
5	I have stayed here a couple times in the last few months and love it!  The decor is beyond stunning.  From the hall ways, drapes, bathrooms, etc.  Love it!!!!The staff is friendly wherever you go.  The casino, the spa, the rooms, the food - yes please.The pool is one of my favorite pools in Vegas and the people are all fun to look at.
5	Encore has great restaurants and the casino seems a little better then at the Wynn or at least more ppl are playing at the Encore.  I love this hotel.
5	There is only one word that truly describes my experience at the Encore Las Vegas... magnificent. It was the first impression of walking through the doors that truly affected me the most. The Encore Las Vegas is a 5 star hotel by Steve Wynn and appeared to go above and beyond in terms of customer satisfaction and amenities. When I first arrived at the hotel, I was greeted by immense, solid mahogany doors, which in a sense, seemed like a symbol of greatness. As I stepped through the door, I was greeted by large floor to ceiling windows that gave out a subtle dosage of sunlight, which helped emphasize and bring about the warm red and gold ambiance throughout the room. It literally felt as though I entered a new majestic world because I've never experienced anything as amazing as this, in terms of architecture. As I continued to walk forward, I noticed the plush and soft red carpet that essentially massaged my every step. When I looked left and right, I couldn't help but notice the great amounts of detail of the walls and ceilings from the elegant art work and chandeliers that complimented the soft yet vibrant colors, all the way to the extensive use of decorative crown molding and trim. It was a room that made me feel extremely comfortable since it was exceptionally spacious and quiet for a casino hotel, all complimented by a beautiful fragrance that virtually eliminated all hints of cigarette smoke. I don't know why, but entering the hotel was amazing.The overall property of the Encore feels very comfortable and intimate. It didn't feel like I was being suffocated by a low ceiling and slot machines at every corner. I remember once going to the Treasure Island and I just felt that I was rubbing elbows with every person in the casino and lobby. However, my experience at the Encore was more pleasant since the overall property felt roomy. Another thing I truly appreciated about the Encore was the service. Everyone at the concierge desk or check in desk greeted me with a smile and appeared to be very patient when I asked questions about shows and dining. A great touch to the trip was when the kind woman at the check in desk comped our roll-in bed during our 5 night stay. The one thing that really stood out at the Encore was the guests. The guest seemed to dress fairly nice and their appearance seemed a little high class. What I mean is that you rarely saw someone walking around the hotel with a tank top or raggedy attire. In terms of dining and shopping, it seemed like the Encore had the best of the best. The shopping esplanade was very high class- a little out of my price range! I didn't eat at any of the restaurants but I feel that they are probably good anyway. I honestly found myself walking over to the Wynn Buffet and eating most of my meals there.My only complaint about the Encore is the location. Although it's quite secluded from the heart of the strip which is where all the action is, it's still a far hike to get to the popular hotels and attractions located near like the Bellagio or MGM Grand. But other than that, I absolutely had no complaints.Overall, I had a great time at the Encore and I will definitely make sure to book my stays there whenever I return to Las Vegas in the near future.
3	So - Obviously it is a very beautiful and amazing hotel visually.  BUT the staff has serious attitudes - they are nice/nasty.  Will say very rude things with a smile on their face and are extremely SLOW to bring drinks when gambling.  They seriously penny pinch you.  We could not even get a complimentary cup of coffee.  It was really annoying - to pay so much to stay there and they give you an attitude if you ask for a cup of water!We reserved a king, but they were not clean so they offered a room w/ 2 queens.  Told us they would put our name in a queue and call us!  Check is at 3pm - we checked in at 5pm!!! IDK - very annoyed. Don't think I will stay here again.
5	I cannot say enough great things about the Encore! From the moment you walk in to the hotel you are mesmerized by the beautiful colorful decor. It's so beautiful & clean inside! I couldn't stop looking at all the decor. The outdoor pool ares is great - the staff is very attentive. We rented a cabana for the day & had such a great time. We had an awesome dance party in the cabana and made some great friends!Our room was beautiful - best part - THE BATHROOM! Had enough room for 4 girls to do their make-up & get ready all together before a night out on the town! We're planning another trip to Vegas next year and definitely plan on going back at the Encore!
2	Be prepared to be nickle and dimed to death at this overpriced tourist trap of a resort. Although my room was very nice, amenities were lacking and my two-star review is based on the fact this place seemed very overpriced for what you get. I stayed in a $500 / night Encore Tower Suite on the 51st floor that featured a beautiful view of the "cheap side" of the strip (Wynn is situated at the top of the strip so the cheap side overlooks the Stratosphere while the opposite side of the hallway had views of everything else and rooms were pricier). Encore Tower Suites is supposedly the VIP area of the hotel.As far as I can tell, the only difference between this and the other, non-VIP side of the hotel is a huge increase in the nightly rate and smaller check-in lobby.  So basically it is for suckers like me. Encore Tower Suites is not in the same ballpark of hotel as the more established brands like The Four Seasons, and in a cheap city like Vegas I'd be shocked if better options did not exist. This hotel aggrivated me from the start with a la carte pricing for nearly everything I wanted to do. Wi-fi was $14 a night for EACH laptop. (unforgivable!)Placing a non-hotel beverage in the in-room minibar fridge cost $25. (really? oh yes, and they have sensors to monitor things in the fridge) Overall, food seemed very shitty and very overpriced, although I suppose this is to be expected. Definitely style over substance. I didn't eat dinner at the hotel, but I had a crappy Reuben at the cafe ($30 total including a beer) and a $45 lunch (for one, no drinks) at the Asian restaurant Red 8 (which is in the adjoining Wynn), where my Dim Sum was a disappointment and the noodles were heavy with grease. I did not have a chance to dine at the finer restaurants; most of which seemed to have a nightclubby vibe, which is the predominant look in Vegas. To me, the crowd I saw in the elevators and lobby here seemed very Jersey Shore and seemed downscale, although I admit my east-coast sensibilities might be misreading things. Either way, this was not the casually elegant type of place I was hoping for. Women wore sequins and lots of makeup, dressed for prom in their gowns. Men with unusual facial hair designs wore fedoras and pointy toe snakeskin shoes. "Trying way too hard" was the overall dress-code. The room itself was beautiful, but the 'brassy and bold' design (black lacquer everywhere, one bedroom and living room wall was entirely a mirror, and gold fixtures everywhere) was not my personal taste. But the room itself was very nice, with big views and a comfy bed. They used nice materials and the bathroom was a highlight. The rest of the hotel / resort was absolutely overflowing with cheese. The spa / fitness center felt like a bad mashup of Disney and Egypt, and those red chandeliers in the casino were just hideous, although again, I suppose this is to be expected in a casino. In the end the whole experience did not feel VIP at all because you basically walk around the hotel being told "sir, you are not allowed in there". Like when I was done working out at the fitness center and the guy said "oh, the showers are only for spa guests and it costs $40," and guy kind of barricades the doorway to make sure you don't enter the shower area. Um, ok, no big deal, just walk through the casino in my sweaty gym clothes, but repeated instances like this did not lend a high-end feel to the experience.I should mention that the staff here is amazing and incredibly friendly including room service, maids, bellhops, and people at the check in desk. The hotel has really done themselves a service by hiring such quality people. My room had turn-down service.  I looked inside the regular Encore rooms on the 51st floor and they looked identical with the bedroom / living room layout. I have no idea why people would book an Encore Tower Suite vs. an identical room on the other side of the hotel, because aside from check-in, there is zero discernable upgrade. No perks. I've never had a bad experience in this price range hotel until now, and have stayed in many better places for much less. I realize in Vegas people don't give a shit about the specifics of the hotel. But believe me, this place is a huge rip off. I felt like a sucker, and you will too.
5	Great stay and outstanding service levels. All rooms are suites and have nice views. Bathroom offers both tub and shower and a small TV screen for viewing. Bedromm has ample space and control pad at bedside for lighting and drapes. Nice work space as well as wrap around sofa in the living area. Wynn did a nice job with this and it truly is an Encore of his original offering.
5	large room, small casino.  the way I like it
5	My wife and I stayed at the Encore at Wynn this October based on the reviews we saw on Yelp and other sites. We were NOT disappointed...The first thing you notice walking into the Encore is how beautifully it is decorated, bright reds fill the lobby without being overwhelming. The lobby and bar area have almost a calming effect that MAKES you want to stay. We felt immediately relaxed. Check in was a breeze with a friendly and efficent staff, even at 2AM on a Saturday.Our room.....was AMAZING! Every room,even the standard King Room is a suite with plenty of space. The room was spotless and tastefully designed with a separate bedroom and living room area. The motorized curtains are a nice touch with beautiful views on the Vegas skyline even from the front of the building. The beds are on the soft side, normally something we dont like, but were immediately comfortable and we had no problem sleeping. The other thing we noticed was how QUIET it was even with the hotel mostly full. I never heard sound from another room the whole time we were there. Its was very restful.We did have a chance to use some of the concierge services as the Encore. Breakfasts run on the expensive side (around $40-50 for two), but if you can afford it, I HIGHLY recommend breakfast in your room. We ordered breakfast an it arrived in LESS than 30 mintues. I recommend the fruit parfait (deicious!). Even the whole grain toast was plenty warm and I really like the Wynn coffee. As always the staff was attentive and friendly. Rarely do I stay at a Hotel I am sad to leave, but I never wanted to leave the Encore. My wife and I felt quite special there even though we arent "high rollers" by any means. Yes, it can get expensive, but you get what you pay for. You can get discounts on rooms if you know what times of year to check in and specials abound. I would also suggest signing up for the "Red Card."In summary, the Encore is one of the BEST hotels on the Vegas strip. Its a MUST STAY!!
4	This is a nice hotel. I just got back from veags last night and the trip wasnt paid for by me, so this is an honest to goodness review of the hotel itself.They get four stars because of the staff. Otherwise, it would be three. (c'mon yelp, let us give half stars already!!) We stayed in the tower suites area of the hotel, which is the "VIP" section. there is a sepearate valet and check in area. There is also a private pool for the tower suite guests ( which after seeing all the pools at both Encore and Wynn) is nothing to write home to mom about. The best pool there was the european pool at the Encore which was filled with americans. The draw is that women can go topless if they want. EVERYONE had on a bikini top.  Weak!!! This is a 5 star hotel. One of four on the strip. (Wynn, Bellagio, and the Four Seasons) are the other three. Perhaps its just me, but 5 star means that NOTHING should fall through the cracks. We got room service the first night. Coffee, tea, and cookies. Thats it. $57. Thats crazy talk. That tea better be picked by the hand of Buddha, and Jesus better have made those cookies. DAMN!! The person who brought the table said he would send someone back in an hour to get the table. That table was there until the next day. Same thing the next night. No biggie, but if were VIP then wtf? If I was Mariah Carey, those tables woulda been gone asap.The room was nice. View of the Encore Beach club which was empty the entire weekend. It costs $80 to get in if you're not a Wynn or Encore guest and $50 if you are. I'll just stick to the free pools thanks, although the ambiance of it from my window looked cool.  Bathroom was a marble delight. Super comfy beds. SUPER NICE valet and cleaning staff. Would i stay there again? Sure, on someone elses dime. On my dime, its ALL about the Palazzo hotel baby. See review for this one below....
3	We've been to the Encore several times, about two to three times a year since opening.  It's still fantastic overall but showing some signs of wear in the rooms and common area carpets.  The cabanas show serious wear - for $350-400 per day (including gratuity) I would expect much better.  The Staff continues to be one of the best in Vegas but they seem less personally attentive.  As I mentioned we've stayed there several times since the Encore opened (usually in the suites; before the Encore opened we stayed at the Wynn suites) and they still ask us at check in, "Have you ever stayed with us before?" - so much for recognizing customer loyalty.  We attempted to leave for the airport early one morning only to find the staff  busy corralling inebriated guests leaving the clubs into a taxi line at the regular entrance leaving no one to call a cab or help with luggage at the tower suites.  The desk said they would call someone but after waiting I finally ran down to the curb to call a taxi myself cutting it close on getting to the airport (a couple of drunk guests leaving the clubs asked me to call them one also).  In summary, the Encore is still a great place to stay but they've lost a few stars.
5	Love it!Take all the great things about the Wynn and make it newer and fresher...wow.The rooms are all suites, they're clean, chic and comfy!Throw in Surrender (the identical twin to XS) and you've got a winner!I can't wait to come back here ;)
5	Yes, this IS as good as it gets. We loved it so much, we picked up the video camera and did a quick tour of our suite which I have posted on YouTube. Here it is:http://youtu.be/LojXZN3oeFkFirst class place, and top quality at every turn. Once again, thanks to Encore for making this trip so very wonderful.
4	Beautiful casino :) Enjoyed my visit here!
5	This is the best hotel that we have ever stayed at.  You feel like you are on top of the world.  Huge rooms, nice views, great location.  Can't be beat.
5	Im in love! AMAZING VIEWS, super nice staff, bedrooms/bathrooms are huge, and its conveniently in the middle-ish of the strip! PURE BLISS AT THE ENCORE AND WYNN!
2	I really wanted to LOVE this place, but it just didn't happen, unfortunately.  I've been to Vegas many times and have stayed at so-so hotels and really nice upscale hotels.  Every hotel I've stayed at on the strip such as Mandalay Bay, Cosmopolitan, Mirage, and MGM, have exceeded my expectations.  I was really hoping to be Wow'ed by this place as well.The wow factor began to diminish the moment I got out of my car at The Wynn self-park garage.  It was unclear when I got out of the elevator if I was at The Wynn or at Encore, and even more confusing to find the Check-In counter.  Luckily we were guided by a helpful person in the hall who saw me looking around all confused.  He directed us to go straight ahead and around the wall of the pool area, and as soon as we got there, it was quite obvious  where to check in as there was a long line.  I was actually surprised at how long the line was, considering I've never experienced this at other hotels in Vegas. I had reserved a King Resort Suite and was offered an upgrade to a Panoramic View suite for just $20 more a night.  I was told the view would be amazing, expecially at sunset, so I gladly accepted the upgrade offer.   We got to our room on the 50th floor, and it was beautifully decorated and I loved the layout, but the view didn't impress me much.  I guess in the hotel's defense, it's just a view of Vegas, nothing too breathtaking to look at, it's not like there is an ocean or anything.  BUT.. I did feel a little insulted that she thought I would appreciate the sunset from a north east facing room.  The sun doesn't set on that side!  I let that go since I was so happy to be in our beautiful suite and didn't need to be at my aunt's wedding til 6:00pm and it was only like 2:45 so I put on my swimming trunks and sun screen and went down to the pool.. the European pool, where it's okay to be topless.  There were no topless ladies there which was okay with me cuz that's not my thing, but I liked the idea of being at a pool where there's no children peeing in the pool and running all over the place making me spill my drink.  The pool was quite nice but a little on the crowded side and there wasn't much sunlight so I guess I could have saved on the sunscreen.I got back to my room a little after 4:00 to get all prettied up for my aunt's wedding, I popped my keycard in the door and..... nothing.  So I did it again.. still nothing.. uggh, I only had ONE mojito!  Why is this happening?!?!    I tried several times but still no luck so I called my friend who was still down at the pool, just hoping that his key card would work and that he wouldn't think I'm a total idiot for not knowing how to work my key card.   Well, when he tried his.. same thing, nada!  At this point I'm getting a little worried because I really didn't want to be late to the wedding, cuz that's always awkward to walk in behind the bride.  I really didn't want to make a trip all the way down to the front counter (I'd have to look all over for it again and probably wait in line) but luckily there was a courtesy phone by the elevator.  The operator said she'd send someone right up.  This person she sent took awhile to get there, and it was a security guy.  He checked my ID, then tried his own card (as if the two of us couldn't figure out how to use our cards), he tried a few times only to come to the conclusion "Yup, it's dead"  so he called maintenance and assured me someone would be right up.  We waited about 20 mins, then I went down to talk to someone who's answer was "let me talk to the manager about an upgrade"  I'm like "what?!?!  I don't want an upgrade, I just want back in my room"  I couldn't tell him that though because he ran off so fast, also the thought of an upgrade was kinda nice.  He came back a few minutes later to tell me he'd send someone right up.  Long story short, 45 minutes after that, we were finally back in our room and the maintenance guy explained he's the only guy working maintenance on both properties.. he got my sympathy vote, but seriously, it was time for me to be at the wedding already and I hadn't even showered (the wedding was in North Vegas, about a 15-20 minute drive).I ended up skipping the wedding, and felt pretty bad about it but of course I made the most of it since it is Vegas and there is so much to do.To sum up my experience here: The room was nice and the bed REALLY comfortable, the pool was nice but not as nice as Mandalay or even MGM, and the service was disappointing, I mean, I'm sure hotel room card readers malfunction or "die" from time to time but there should have been more of an effort on the hotel's part to either minimize the inconvenience or even at the very least try to make it up to me (I never got that free upgrade nor did I even get a sincere apology). But then again, maybe I didn't seem upset enough. It's hard to be upset in Vegas. And with that thought, I cannot wait til my next trip to Vegas, but I will not be staying at this hotel.
3	Four Seasons pricing, Marriott services.
5	I've stayed at numerous places in Vegas.. I loved the Encore. Fell in  love with the decor, the plush red in the lobby. Service was fantastic and room was goregous. Food was excellent.The pool scene was great. I'll be back.
4	I had a weeklong stay at the Encore and really enjoyed every minute.  The tower was situated close to everything, the store selection was great and the various restaurants throughout the Encore & Wynn properties were top notch.I would stay here again.
3	cons:1. slow drink service. unacceptable for this kind of place. service was consistent all three days. You can make more money if you liquor people up2. no 24 hour cafe. stratta is not acceptable late night grub3. roast pork buns are terrible4. gelato was terrible. ice cream posing as gelato5. $25 table minimums at night? have at least one table - you are missing the younger crowds after the club. if you have penny slot machines, are you not too good for $15 min tables.6. coffee cafe by elevators - no muffins!!!! what kind of hell is this? rude attendees. pros1. AMAZING room service. great food, most of the time2. great customer service ( front desk, etc)3. best room service spaghetti with meatballsit's too far away from other things on the strip with half the amount of stuff.
4	Liked Encore well enough but still prefer the Wynn.Encore needs more tables for people to gamble at! If you're a player you have to walk over to the Wynn.Another issue for me is... no 24hr dining available. Ouch. Walking far after partying all night at XS isn't fun.
1	This is the worst experience I've had at this hotel...it was Halloween weekend and my bf and I were dressed up in costume (nothing scandalous) and we were completely sober. We were escorted out the side entrance of the Wynn because of my bfs skeleton costume and when we went to the entrance of the Encore the " security guard" wouldn't let us in because my bf had facepaint on. Seriously?! Face paint? I saw girls with nothing but pasties and thongs on and we get tossed for facepaint?! All we wanted to do was get to the club inside for the costume contest, how are you going to have a club in ur hotel have a costume contest and not let the contestants in?? The guy wouldn't even let me in to go to the bathroom. I will NEVER spend a dime at this property. I've stayed at the Wynn twice now and I will never go back there either. Kicking out people that spend good money at your hotels and who are completely sober isn't a very good business decision. Terrible experience.
5	I've stayed at a lot of hotels in Vegas, but this is by far the nicest one I've seen. The Hotel is classy yet trendy.  The suite I've stayed at in particular was really gorgeous! Our view of the golf course was breathtaking!! And the bathroom... WOW!! It had a huge glass shower, hot tub, 2 sinks, a vanity and flat screen TV!! I would definitely stay here again!!!!
4	Very nice. Everything you need in one spot.  A great party and great shopping, that's really what you go to Vegas for right? Stay there you will love it. Not the best hotel I have ever stayed at, but very good. Btw room service is off the hook
5	Beautiful room, amazing view. Worth the money. The kind of rooms you are sad when you have to leave. Hotel staff service was great, the decorations were world class.There are plenty of pictures and youtube videos of the Tower rooms we were in, so I do not need to describe it. However, I will say, that when a business pays attention to details, it wins customers! Well-thought out.Strange anecdotal note, I noticed many of our co-guests where kind of unfriendly. Not sure if others experienced that.
1	Two thumps down for Wynn and Encore.I received a promotional package from Wynn in June, promising two complementary show tickets for two nights stay, which induced me to make a reservation for thanksgiving. At the time of the booking, Wynn web site listed the two show tickets as part of the deal. However, it did not let me choose the way to get the tickets. I figured that they would give me the tickets when I check in.Well, today I just called to book the show time because we will also have a Grand Canyon tour on the same trip. The woman at concierge told me that they blocked the show tickets for thanksgiving in October, and that if I had called earlier, I would have gotten the tickets. She even commented that for complementary things in life, I should have been more proactive in pursuing them. I was not happy after learning of this. For God's sake, I made the reservation in June before they gave the notice of the blackout dates. Had I known that thanksgiving holidays was blocked out, I probably would not have booked.Granted that the room rate I received was probably still a good deal even without the tickets, but it just left a bad taste in my mouth. It is not about the money any more. I felt being taken in. I guess that it is just that sense of not being fair. They promised something, but failed to deliver. I even recommended some of my friends to go using the promotion code they gave me. It is difficult to find another hotel now that it is so close to thanksgiving, but if there is a deal on Groupon, I will for sure take the advantage of it, and cancel my reservation at Wynn.
5	On our second annual sojourn to the desert oasis of Vegas, we again opted to stay at the Encore. Once again, we were rewarded with a carefree experience and a great view overlooking the golf course from our room on the 61st floor.On our first night's stay, we returned to our room to find a gourmet box of chocolates waiting in honor of my wife's birthday (even the box was chocolate). The following morning, I got ready to head down to the hotel gym (yes, I am one of those wackos who exercises while on vacation) only to realize that not one of the 37 different headphones we had brought on vacation fit my iPod nano. Sulking because I would not be able to do dips to This American Life, I checked in at the gym's front desk only to spy a tray of wrapped headphones, free for guest to borrow during their workout. There was a bowl of fruit for guests (my wife had requested an apple, and I had assumed I would need to stop by at one of the restaurants or the sundries shop).Now, it's not that I couldn't afford to buy an apple, or head over to the Apple Store across the street to get headphones for the trip. These are just little things that make one's stay at the Encore effortless. I'm already looking forward to our stay next year.
4	The Wynn and Encore are two of the nicest hotels/resorts in Las Vegas.  The Wynn Ferrari dealer is amazing, I bought my 2010 Ferrari California off the showroom and they treat you like family, Rich and Tony are beyond amazing!  The negative is the high prices for drinks and food at the bars/restaurants, I guess you do get what you pay for!
3	the rooms are great, even though each room is exactly the same no matter the price ir floor or anything else for that matter. the rooms are clean, nice decor, and you dont have to clorox wipe the entire room. room service on the other hand is a must SKIP, way too expensive. ordered 2 continental breakfasts which included 2 fruit plates,  2 muffins and 4 cups of coffee $80- ridiculous!we then ordered a sorbee with was nasty, their chcolate shakes are ok, but still way too expensive.and dont try to move their stuff from the fridge to put your own, they will charge you. you could have them bring up a seperate mini fridge for your stuff, but its $25 per day.the bottom line is, you either choose a clean uber expensive hotel, or an old hotel like Caeser's Palace where there are nasty spots all over the floor and furniture and even the bedsheets.
5	Encore and the Wynn are my hotels of choice when I am in Vegas.  The intricate details of the decor, impeccable service and food make the other hotels on the strip seem sub par.  My family and I have made it a ritual to spend every Thanksgiving at Wynn and most recently Encore for the past 5 years.  Restuarants like Botero, Strata and even the buffet make our stay decadent.  We always spend one night watching the lake of dreams waterfall show while sipping on wicked  cocktails at parasol up and down. The Spa here is top notch. They even have iPod portals on the treadmills. Xs and surrender are musts for a night out.  If you are a guest you may purchase tickets from the concierge.  This pre paid ticket will grant you entrance in the VIP line, which on a busy night will save you and hour wait to get in.
4	Halloween weekend for a gathering of bachelor's as one prepares to share his life with the woman of his dreams...dramatic enough? This was a celebration to the fullest. I can't say enough how impressed I was with the customer service of this hotel. The room itself was alright but everything from the front desk, valet staff and housekeeping were top notch. The room served its purpose as a lair for The Karate Kid to rest while Cobra Kai chased him around the hotel. Mr.Miyagi couldn't have that and had Daniel San crane kick em into a body bag... This place is on hit for sure.
4	I thoroughly enjoyed my visit to the Encore/Wynn Hotel.  I also enjoyed and highly recommend Le Reve show (A must see).  Great service, breakfast buffet.  Decor is nice, however, they don't  have enough storage space in the rooms.  I thought they would at least have an amoire considering the size of the King suites.  I like the fact that it is away from the congestion of other hotels.
5	Haven't stayed here yet, but I utterly love the casino, the slots, everything. Love Love Love walking in here, hoping to stay here, hopefully on one of my next Vegas trips.
3	I'm all about paying for quality as long as you get quality in return.  Rather than overact and list all negatives, I'll include a list of positives as well.Negatives:   (1) Moderately Competent Overall Staff - Upon arrival in mid-November, we inquired about the pool situation, and whether or not there was a hot tub or Jacuzzi available.  The person at the front desk said no.  Only after we ventured down to the pool area did we discover that they did in fact have a hot tub.  One would think that the front desk person would know whether or not they have a hot tub on the premises?  I'm sure the question comes up from time to time with guests.(2)  Outside Windows to Suites are NOT Sound Proof - It would be nice to have the option of going to sleep before 4am.  Unfortunately whoever designed the suites neglected to consider their proximity to the XS nightclub, and that many guests may not want to experience the club's music in their suite.  The constant pounding of bass into the early morning hours is not something I would expect for a $400.00 a night accommodation!  I'm sure I'm not the only person that has complained about this.  They should have at least forewarned guests about this problem.  This is unacceptable for a hotel that claims a have a five star rating.(3) Do Not Breath Or Touch The Mini Bar - I was informed to not go anywhere near the mini bar or it may result in charges.  Well, we followed these rules exactly, and didn't even open the mini bar during our stay.  Later on I discovered four separate mini bar charges on my bill for doing nothing.   When I contacted the Encore to reverse the charges they obliged.  But seriously, for not evening opening up the mini bar this is pretty absurd.  They likely have sensors on the snacks that are in plain view upon entry into the suite.  So if you're considering a stay at the Encore don't even breathe or look at the mini bar.  You may find charges on your bill.Positives:(1) Good Selection of Restaurants - We dined at La Cave and Okada Restaurant each night.  The experience with both restaurants was very good.  I'd give each restaurant 4 stars for the service and quality of food.  (2) Beautiful Pool - The pool was comfortably warmed, well-constructed, and in close proximity to the hot tub which I'd suggest the front desk person try out some time.  There is also a pool bar to take advantage of.(3) Onsite Gym  - They have an ample selection of treadmills and stair masters, a convenient juice bar to order smoothies, and the option of enrolling in fitness classes.  All and all, I'd have to give the Encore a 3 star rating.  It's far away from the strip which is a bit of a hassle, but the overall dining and entertainment experience was good.  I likely won't stay there again in the future, opting towards the Bellagio or Venetian.  Steve Wynn may own those hotels as well...;o)
1	Stayed at Encore this past weekend.  Worse Vegas hotel customer service experience.I drove from California early in the morning and had to wander around Vegas to wait for check in time, and the last thing I wanted was to stand at the check-in counter and argue with the staff for 10 minutes to prove I booked with a promo code to get my room.The room was beautiful and the beds were comfy, but it already put a bad impression in my head. Upon check in, customer service was horrible.  I explained to the lady behind the desk that I had booked the room via the website under a room upgrade code, as long as there were room availability.  She refused to honor the code, stating that she did not see anything in my account about the upgrade.  After arguiing with her and pulling up the website for her on my iphone for her to see the deal, she barely glanced at the site and stated that she did not see anything.  She did not apologize nor offer to look into the matter.  She continued to tell me that I would need to pay an additional $50 for the room upgrade.  After about 10 minutes, she finally called room reservations, in which they double checked the website and finally acknowledged the deal and then allowed my room upgrade at no additional charge (which I was entitled to in the first place, upon availabilty).   She was not entirely apologetic for doubting me, which shows lack of customer service skills to me.  Even the room reservation person had to check the website to see what promotion I was referring to.  Isn't that their job to know what deals they have available, especially if I am booking from their website? In addition, I had an issue with the concierge.  As I was walking to my room, I spoke to the concierge desk about purchasing XS passes.  I clearly stated that I needed to go back to my room to ask my friends whether we wanted to purchase our club passes through concierge or try our luck and stand in line for XS and pay only $20 for the entry fee.  I asked if it would be okay to order over the room phone if we decided to purchase passes through concierge, and she stated that it was completely fine, and that I would just need to show my ID upon picking up my tickets.  When I got back into my room, we decided to pay the $25 and purchase from concierge.  The concierge was hesitant to reserve my tickets for me - telling me that I had to go back downstairs and reserve in person.  After I explained to her about my previous conversation, she reluctantly reserved my tickets for me. I can't understand why the staff is so reluctant to be helpful and everything is a NO or an argument with them.  Instead of being 2 steps ahead of the clients, they are 10 steps backward.
2	Just as my friend Jen S. (who stayed here on a separate trip from my own) noted in her review, a 5-star hotel should be 5-stars across the board. Nothing should slip through the cracks. I booked the 'Wynn Getaway Package' after receiving an invitation by mail, which was supposed to come with 2 tickets to Le Reve and 2 tickets to the buffet. When I booked my stay I asked, "Should I book the Le Reve tickets now or can I wait?" My reservations agent indicated that it would be okay to wait until we arrived.After reading Robert L.'s review I saw that Wynn/Encore had decided to black out certain dates for Le Reve, without notifying those who had already booked stays. Alarmed, I called to inquire and was told that there was nothing they could do, and that I could have booked tickets had I called by November 10th. Mind you, we booked and had our credit card charged on OCTOBER 31ST and were not notified at that time that we should book the Le Reve tickets immediately. After much holding and arguing, the reservations agent agreed to give me the 2 tickets. Similarly, the Wynn management tried to credit us only $85 toward the buffet although the price that weekend was $100 for 2 people, and the Terms and Conditions clearly indicated that our buffet tickets were good for 'breakfast or lunch Monday-Friday". After speaking with a few managers they 'waived' the additional fee.  This is not the kind of penny-pinching behavior I would expect from a supposedly 5-star resort.The room itself (a suite King) was gorgeous, and the only reason this is a 2-star review instead of just 1-star. Also, the gym was one of the better ones I've found in hotels, with free headphones, water bottles, and ample equipment. Unfortunately, the experience left such a sour taste in my mouth that I'll be taking my business elsewhere for my next stay.
5	When we go to Vegas we now stay at the Wynn properties, Encore or Wynn.   These hotels are TOP shelf.  They are beautiful and quiet and they rarely have families or children there.  The casinos are large and open and lovely.  The rooms are large and beautiful and the hotel staff is amazing.  From the front desk to the concierge to the cleaning people, exceptional. From the second you check in they call you by your name, and when you need something at the room they are on it. I like that the hotels are at the other end of the strip from places like the MGM which has gone so far down hill and hosts so many children than I can barely stand to go there anymore, even to the casino. The casions at Wynn and Encore have such a great filtration system that you never smell the smoke at all.They have great restaurants, great booze, wine and weight staff including the cocktail waitresses. I agree with some of the other reviews that they could use a few more tables for gambling, like Pai Gow, but I think as they become more popular and the economy rises they will do this. The other thing we dont like is the resort fee and that the resort fee does not include using some of the facilities like the weight room and the spa area.  To me if I pay the resort fee than it should give me the priveledge of these areas.  Otherwise you should either up the price of the room or end the resort fee all together, its just obnoxious. Its nice that they comped us our meals because we spent so much time at the tables gambling and they were super nice about it all.  So all in all we always have a great experience at these two hotels.  It can be pricey if you go at high times but sometimes you can get some pretty good deals.  I highly recommend staying in these two resorts.
5	I only have to walk 2 mins to the check-in counter from self-park? then another minute to the resort elevators??? And there is NO SMOKING IN RESTAURANTS!!??  and NO ANNOYING STROLLERS or UNDERAGE TEENS blocking my way to the BAR?  I can walk 5 mins to the Wynn buffet and 10 to Fashion Mall.  I love this hotel.  Enough said.
4	Was a VERY big fan of the Encore.  I can imagine that many folks are put off by the fact that it's on one end of the strip.  However, the service here was great.  The rooms were spacious, clean, gorgeous, upscale, and lovely.  The services at the resort were complete.  I loved the interior decor, and I really wish I could sleep on a Wynn Encore bed (and in those sheets) every night.  I would say bring good walking shoes, though, or plenty of taxi fare if your itinerary is on the other side of the strip.
4	Totally beats any hotel on the Strip! The Parlor and Salon Suites is a must to stay in! Fully stocked mini bar, 1800-2400 sq. ft, flat-screens, and ceiling windows!!! AMAZING! Shows? Le Reve is the place to go! Golf? Call the concierge and I can get a tee time in seconds. Dining? Bartolotta and Okada is where you want to have reservations! And it's probably one of the must luxury casinos I've ever walked into. The only reason it gets 4 stars is because the fitness center's treadmills were malfuncitioning at the moment. Just remember to book in months in advance. Rooms and Suites go faster than you can read this review!
5	The Encore! Oh yes, it is different than the Winn that I love, but have to say that the rooms and the stay for the three nights here was so so grate. As always of what we had  expected from staying previously at the Winn, the Encore deliver all our expectations from customer service to having a wonderful stay.This combo is bad, because when your leaving is so hard to do. you want to think of ways to stay longer.The rooms were spacious and the glass windows are amazing to sleep and to wake up to. The tub and bath rooms are big and you stay in there for hours.Soaking, shaving, watching TV while soaking in a 110f  tub, drinking a cold beer! That my think for the morning! The location and the amenities at the hotel lets you stay the entire time, with out leaving if you want.I come to relax and this is what I got , time to relax  and get cough up sleeping and recharge. I not sure, but i think the beds and sheets or everything they though about in the room makes rest and relaxing peaceful.when i get back to reality, its 24/6 go go go..Thanks Winn and Encore for helping me recharge and escape the grind!
3	I think my high expectations (5 star rated hotel) is what led to the disappointing 3 stars.The service was definitely not 5 star level in my opinion.   It was decent at best.  Everything from the front desk to service in the various restaurants/stores was not "extraordinary,"  which is what i would expect at a 5 star property.I stayed in one of the standard suites and it was pretty nice.   Maybe a few years ago i would have been wowed and awed by it but since then i've stayed in too many better rooms to really be impressed.So i guess maybe the 3 stars isn't an overall "fair" rating because of my high expectations but that's what i feel they deserve
5	Can I add a sixth star, for the vegan menus in every restaurant on property? I'll soon get time to review the restaurants one by one. In my opinion a wonderful place got even better with fully vegan AND healthy menus no matter where you are at the Wynn and Encore. Note that not all vegan or vegetarian meals are actually healthy with reasonable calorie counts, but at the Wynn and Encore the vegan options were apparently designed to be real food, the kind of food you can live on and eat every day and not have your diet slip. Hooray for that. You don't have to be a vegetarian to try them!
5	I really liked encore. The minimum bet for Black Jack was 15, but the manager lowered it to 10 upon request since it was a slow night. BALLERS ON A BUDGET  YEAHI ended up winning 180, and losing 260 after. Oh well Vegas, I go big and went home. The hotel is very clean. The rooms I'd say was basic compare to some other suites around the strip. The wifi isn't free. The thing that stood out of the most is, the hotel is gorgeous.
4	The last time we stayed in Vegas, we stayed at The Wynn, so this time we decided to try the Encore. The staff are wonderful here, and our room was clean. But, there is definitely room for improvement. They need to get better showerheads, we both didn't care for the one in our room. Also, the towels were rather rough, and so was the toilet paper they had. When I travel, I want to feel pampered, and when the towels, showerhead and toilet paper are better quality at home, I do not feel pampered. The red color inside both hotels really got to me this time. The dark red colors felt too heavy and gaudy. They really need to get a better designer in there to revamp the colors and decor. The one thing we loved is that we never had to wait more than about 5 seconds for an elevator, and there was no waiting at registration, or anything else here. But, that is also a sign that it is kind of dead here. There are really no ammenities inside this hotel. The entry doors from the self parking lot, were heavy and hard to open, and they didn't have a switch to open the doors if you are handicapped. The slots were super tight inside, and hardly anyone was gambling there.The tables in the casino are a minimum of $25.00, which I didn't like, because i like to start with $20.00 bets, and work up to about $50.00 to $100.00 per hand. I dropped over $400.00 at blackjack, and only won one hand the whole time, so obviously i quit playing here,and went to another casino. Also, the casino here was dead. I mean none of the casinos are as packed as they use to be, but this one was nearly a complete ghost town. When I go back to Vegas next time, I know we won't even drop in this place again. This place could be a real draw just because of the "Wynn" branding, but now that the economy is so down, I think it needs to be revamped to attract bigger crowds.
5	I've stayed at a lot of hotels in Las Vegas and this is by far one of my favorites. Like much of the recently updated hotels on the strip, the Encore features large suites that make you feel like your actually on vacation and not just stuck in a box with a bed. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was very spacious and luxurious. My brother and I each received an offer for a free night with purchase of 2 nights, plus $200 of FreePlay!!! We paid $129 for Saturday and $199 for Sunday, which is still really good for a room in Vegas during Thanksgiving and at such a great hotel. So for three nights, we paid $328 for an amazing room, but considering I got back all $200 of my freeplay back and cashed it out, I essentially only paid $128 for 3 nights. Now that's what I call WINNING in Vegas!!
4	Call me charles dickens because I had great expectations. The service is okay..made us wait 3 hours for our room to be ready? Doesn't make sense. Rooms are nice and spacious..the atmosphere is very calm and not so much ruckus as at other casinos. Ehh meh..I'd stay there again at a very good price, the location is a turn off because you have to cab it everywhere. So so like girls without make up.
5	I am at the point in my life where the best friend and I are very much willing to pay more to be comfortable when we travel to Vegas. I've stayed here a couple of times before with a bunch of other people in the room, but on my most recent Vegas trip for my 23rd birthday this month, the best friend and I decided to just get a room to ourselves. We were willing to let friends come to our room to pre-game or just to hang out, buttttt, we weren't down to have others stay in our room in case of drama. Long story, short, it was worth paying more just so we could have our own room, separate from our other friends.Anyways, I love Encore. The service here is amazing. On our recent trip, we checked in at around 3:30 and there wasn't a line or anything so we were helped immediately. They very much personalize your trip - I mean, you get your names printed on the key cards! I had booked us a king suite, but the concierge offered to upgrade the suite to have two queen beds instead. Win!  We got to our room and it was huge for just two girls. We had stayed in the king suite before, but with a king bed - the only difference is the small window/wall they have there to separate the living room area and the bed. I like the room we had this time. We had a pretty good view of the Wynn from our room, so no complaints. The bathroom was huge - a spa like tub, along with a shower, occupied one side of the room, while the long marble sink separated the separate room for the toilet. Another thing I love about the Encore are the huge mirrors that are along the entrance of the rooms across from the entrance of the bathroom. We love that because we always end up doing our makeup on the floor in front of them. The beds are VERY nice. It's like sleeping on a giant fluffy cloud! There's other amenities that come with the room too - you have to pay the resort free, which is $25 each night, and included it access to the gym, free wi-fi, and some other stuff.The rest of the hotel is pretty cool. Everything is super clean and sleek. There's a few restaurants and bars scattered through out below. Tons of different kinds of tables to gamble at. The pool is pretty nice. There's a normal pool on one side and there's also a "European style" pool. I also like the fact that it's connected to the Wynn so there's even more shops and restaurants to go too.The main reason why we love staying at the Encore is that two of our favorite clubs are located right below our rooms! XS is actually in the Wynn, but since the hotels are connected, we still can just walk downstairs and get in line easily. Surrender is our next favorite club and is right downstairs, near the elevators actually. Regardless, we save some money on taxis by staying here and we also save a lot of our time, since if we stayed at another hotel, we'd have to get ready at an earlier time so we can get in line on time. Overall, I can't get over how much Encore is my favorite place to stay in Vegas. It's so worth it to spend a little more to stay here and to be honest it's not even that much more if you find a good deal online at a website. Trust, you won't regret it.
4	Encore is pretty neat!I didn't get a chance to test my luck on their slot machines, but I did stay in their suite for a night. The room is very luxurious and spacious! We had a view of the bright lights of the Las Vegas strip. It was lovely.I also liked how the bathroom in our room has a small tv inside, so you can listen to music or watch tv shows while you shower.They have a 60 second rule for the food/drinks in the fridge and on the cart in the rooms. So see see, no touch! Unless you are thirsty/hungry.I recommend trying the Lobby Bar & Cafe conveniently located near the hotel elevators. It's a great place to grab a drink and small eats while you relax.The club entrance on the main floor can get pretty packed at night, so it's difficult to make your way around the crowd when you're walking to the parking lot.It's convenient how Wynn and Encore are connected, so you can walk back and forth between each place. There's plenty of restaurants and stores for you to check out while you venture between both places.Encore is definitely a place I'll consider staying at again during my future trips to Vegas.
5	LOVE The Encore and love the creator, Steve Wynn.Like The Wyn hotel, The Encore is Classy and Sophisticated. This includes the casino, restaurants, and the rooms. The Encore is essentially an extension of the brilliant Wynn hotel and casino.If you're hiring an escort please note that there is 24/7 security at the elevators. Best place to meet is at the bar directly across from them. This is a better place to hire company than the Wynn as the Valet is adjacent to the elevators and your companion will have fast and easy access to you.Fun Fact: Paris Hilton got busted after leaving the famed nightclub, Tryst (located here)
4	The rooms are great when you upgrade! For additional $250, you can get a salon that will fit more than a dozen people with a mirror ceiling! The bathroom is huge and the living space is greater! Service was mediocre though. It took 25 minutes just to get coffee up in our room. I would have gone for a coffee run twice by then. Everything else was good though. Definitely modern and high class.
5	I've stayed here 2 out of 4 trips to Vegas, and this is definitely my favorite hotel so far.  It's walking distance from the hottest clubs, XS and Surrender, as well as the dayclub, Encore Beach Club.  There's a variety of restaurants inside as well as luxury shops, and all of the staff members, from the doormen to concierge to the dealers are all friendly.  You even get your name printed on your key card!  It's also conveniently attached to the Wynn.
1	Emailed them about my experience. They tried to offer me a free upgrade next time I booked there. I said no thanks. Had they actually read my email, they would have known that was the deal I originally got from their website. I will never stay at this hotel, deal or no deal.. Poor customer service.
4	Spacious & clean, but I would have to say I prefer the Wynn over the Encore. Overall decor & size of room & size of bathroom were better at the Wynn. Everything else was great, service was impeccable just as it was at the Wynn. The service at the hotel is what you would expect from a 5 star hotel.  Everybody was very polite and helpful.  They made the stay that much more relaxing.Nightclub: XS and Surrender are both at Encore. Surrender was awesome, but XS, I cannot explain how nice this nightclub is
5	Although I did not have the pleasure of staying here, my eyes sure feasted on all that I did get to view.  This is one gorgeous hotel.  It is truly that "notch above," and I'm sure it's reflected in what it costs to stay here.  The word "someday......." comes to mind.  It is sumptuous.  It drips elegance and class here.  I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE the lighting fixtures.  I was a photographing fiend.  The shops were fun to walk through, although I always feel like I don't belong in designer clothing shops.  They just always look at those of us who don't belong there......as if we don't belong there.  Doesn't matter........it was still fun to peruse.  The decor, though, is the thing to behold.  Simply gorgeous.  Like I said..........someday................Almost forgot to mention, it was an easy walk between the Wynn and Encore hotels.....well connected and could be done through the hotel interiors.
4	A beautiful display of home decor items, many items of which replicate one of the suites at the Encore.....all for purchase (for those who have the funds!).  Some of the decor is glitzy and glam, while other items are more serene and calming.  I love browsing these kinds of stores.  I'm always appreciative when they let me take pictures, although one of the store clerks gave me an evil eye.....but didn't say anything about it.
4	I loved my recent stay at the Encore.  I'm not a huge gambler and also don't like the cigarette smoke and the crowds that accompany it so I appreciated that the casino area was limited at this hotel.  My suite was beautiful.  I loved the chic but decidedly feminine color scheme of cream and black with accents of red.  I disputed that it was feminine but John pointed out the houndstooth wall coverings and I quickly shut my mouth.  The suite is essentially three open and interconnected areas, a large bathroom with a soaking tub and a large shower, a bedroom area, and a tv/lounging area.  So please be advised there are no doors (other than to the bathroom) to separate the spaces.  I didn't mind but it might make a difference for bigger groups sharing a room and sleeping spaces. I liked that the Encore was quiet, likely due to its location at the far end of the Strip.  But the on the downside, it was also hard to access good restaurants.  I felt that the Wynn and Encore's food offerings were subpar and the best restaurants were in the bigger hotel/casinos.  No a huge deal since I often drive to eat but it would have been nice to have at least one eatery on which to rely.
5	I love the Encore! It's connected to the Wynn Hotel. I had already booked my trip with the Venetian but next time I think Encore will be my choice! The whole decor is fabulous and classy, and all of the clubs an restaurants they have are worth a try at least once! The crowd is also very classy and every body is extremely friendly. Some of the staff felt a little stand off-ish but for the most part they were at least helpful. Plus no one can be perfect so I still give them a solid 5 stars. It's also very close to a Walgreens, Sephora, and the Fashion Show Mall. It's food court has a pretty good selection too. it's near the best places on The Strip not to mention that it has the best places on The Strip, so if you're willing - check it out! You won't go wrong! :]
4	Good thing it was cheap. I guess the demand in January is low so our weekend 2 night stay cost us $300+tax+resort fee but included 2 tickets to see Le Reve and 2 brunches at the Wynn Buffet. Another bonus are the separate lines for hotel guests for Surrender and XS.The bed was really comfortable. Too comfortable perhaps, because I passed out almost the entire weekend. The room was huge and had a beautiful view of the Wynn and the bathroom was large as well.But little things did bug me a bit. 1) The bathroom is poorly designed for drainage and every time we took a shower or turned on the bath tub's faucet, water was everywhere. 2) Housekeeping didn't give us new lotion/shampoo/conditioner the second day even though we had used more than half of the bottle of lotion the first day. Good thing I tracked down a girl who gave me enough lotion for the next 3 weeks. 3) The TV remote stopped working the second day. 4) We had to pay the resort fee even though the pool was closed for the season.But then again, the room didn't cost us all that much compared to other strip (less than 5*) hotels.
5	I was comped a free suite here and man was it nice. The room was incredibly comfortable and the view of the strip was fabulous. Also, the service was very fast and incredibly attentive to our needs with a very gracious smile.
4	We got a suite on the 21st floor, overlooking the strip, beautiful view! Probably the best hotel we ever stayed in Vegas. Everyone was really nice and helpful. I would have given them 5 stars but no poker room, the ice machine is like a mile away from my room and the kids screaming bloody murder next door killed it for me. For such a nice property you would think the walls would be thicker. Nevertheless, we will be back.
5	The Encore is a GORGEOUS hotel!   We had great customer service, got an awesome deal (299 for 2 nights, 2 buffet tickets & 2 tickets to le reve).  I liked the styling of the room a lot, had a nice view, super deep bath tub, very nice bathroom, amazzzzing bed that was SO comfortable!! I liked that the encore is also connected to wynn, our friends were staying in wynn & it was still convenient to rendezvous since the hotels are connected.  Overall found ourselves not needing to leave too much as far as getting a "strip" kind of feeling, between encore and wynn you really get it all.  They also had very good concierge service.  Le reve was also amazing!  I would absolutely stay here again, especially if we got another great deal like that, super good hotel and a pretty crazy deal for 299.
4	Recently came here for my 21st and had the time of my life!+ Decor is just beautiful, very modern and classy. I loved having such a luxurious environment to stay in. Felt like a baller every day, just walking through the halls.+ I hate how my hair/clothes/errthang smells like smoke after staying in Vegas, so I liked that there was a limited casino area and limited smoking areas.+ So close to Surrender and XS! Two of my fav places to indulge in Vegas nightlife+ Suuuuuuper comfortable beds. Too comfortable. I didn't want to leave.- Room/bathroom were not routinely cleaned during my stay. And toiletries and such were not replenished often enough.- WIFI is horrible at the Encore and I get no cell service in the rooms. But I don't want this minor flaw to weigh too heavily in my review 'cus you should really get out and enjoy Vegas, not stay cooped up in the hotel!- I wish there were more selection in terms of restaurants, but with the proximity to the Fashion Show Mall and its food court, this wasn't too much of a hassle
5	First time staying here, for my gf's bday. What a great experience! As soon as we arrived got offered help with bags.The bellman took our bags and asked if we had any questions. He suggested the reataurant Botero, excellent choice. Told us where to check in. Girl that checked us in very helpful explained all the charges asked us if any requests. Room near elevator got it. Suite is very nice, clean and big. Awesome view. Problem with safe called front desk sent up security, took care of it.A refrigerator would of been nice in the suite. The a/c doesn't seem strong enough for the suite. The bedroom area isn't as cool.The casino area is kind of small.One thing missing is a 24hr restaurant, there's only that Cafe at the Drugstore in the Wynn. And it only serves desserts, pastries, sandwiches and salads. Need some real food at 3am! A starbucks would be good too, instead of having to walk all the way to the Wynn.
5	My friend was in town for work and told me to come since she had a free room... hey, why not? I've stayed at this hotel before with like 10 girls or so, but it was nice staying in the room with just the two of us. The room was spacious and I had a bed all to myself! The Wynn & Encore are both ravishing. The designers of these two hotels did a phenomenal job all throughout the hotel and casino. One thing I love about the hotels in Vegas is that they like to connect casinos if they're right next to each other. That's awesome because most of the time, you don't even need to step outside. It's great for those blistering hot days or frigid cold nights.Another great perk about staying here is XS is within the same hotel. No taxi ride to get there and no need to stand in that horrendous line after the club to get back. Awesome, because my feet are usually killing me after a night of clubbing.P.S. Don't even bother wasting your money at Wazuzu. It's very expensive, mediocre Asian food. If you really want Asian on the strip, hit up Noodle Asia (The Venetian) or Pho at the Coffee Shop (T.I.).
5	I love Vegas, I really do. And I REALLY love Vegas when I get to stay at Encore.Wow, where do I begin? How about the classy decor, the butterfly tiles, the rich red carpet and fragrant fresh flowers that make a busy casino actually smell GOOD?!The food is delicious - room service, Society Cafe, Switch, Stratta for your post-party pizza binge (think that's technically at Wynn but close enough).... you seriously can't go wrong. XS is my all-time favorite night club, and with top DJs like Calvin Harris regularly spinning in this glamorous, stunningly beautiful poolside setting, it's no wonder why it's almost always packed. I had one of the best times of my club-going life at Encore Beach Club 4th of July weekend during Kascade's set. So many good memories at this hotel!The rooms are fantastic - they are all suites so there is plenty of room for pre-party drinking and shopping-bag storage. Big, comfy beds, nice seating areas and flat-screen TVs = great for lounging and sleeping off that hangover. Large, well-lit  bathrooms create a pleasant environment for make-up application. I have never had anything except exceptional service at Encore. My mom, sister and I always stay at Encore for our girls weekends because we feel so pampered and special here! My only complaint is I like this hotel so much I'm always a little disappointed when I have to stay elsewhere. That and for some reason I'm NEVER up for even 5 minutes when I sit down at the gambling tables. Oh well, plenty of other activities to keep me busy at this hotel.Writing this review is basically guaranteeing that the next tab I open in my browser is going to involve checking prices for my next Vegas get-a-way.Steve Wynn didn't make all that money for no reason....if you haven't already, do yourself a favor the next time you are in Vegas and stay at Encore!
5	Beautiful room and hotel.  This is by far one of the most comfortable stays in Las Vegas.  The rooms are spotless and all the furniture is very new.  Staying at the Encore also lets you get privilege access to XS and Encore beach club in the summer which is major perk.
5	This is it.I'm-a Vegan in Vegas,.I'm-a starvin' in Vegas...UNTIL NOW! Look.  The place is beautiful... and smells nice, and is huge with a fabulous pool, they don't water down the drinks.. blah blah blah.  VEGAN, I TELL YOU!The Encore has more vegan options, (no I don't mean salads with fancy names...) They have pastas, burgers, milkshakes, chicken dishes, and everything you can possibly think of.  You can eat vegan, and not even know it! I've been around Vegas.  I've done it repeatedly.  This is by far the best.Thank you Steve Wynn.  I can stop eating nuts for 4 day stretches!
4	This place is so fancy!! I've only been in the casino part and it's really nice. Their parking is easy and they have the best club in town (XS). They also have many nice smaller bars which are great for hanging out and just relaxing.
5	I've been fortunate enough to stay at the Encore due to business a few times for a week + length. After staying here, I've definitely become spoiled when it comes to hotels. My advice - DO stay here if you want impeccable service & to be treated like a Queen (or King). It's a nice departure from your typical Vegas scene. If you want to experience "Vegas" a la Jersey Shore style then this isn't for you.I love their large rooms with a sitting area and spacious bath tub. I always make sure to bring a Lush bath bomb to enjoy. All their restaurants are amazing, room service is no exception. When staying at Encore, there is no need to leave the hotel. It has everything you could ever imagine.
3	Hotel is very nice. Great rooms and food options. Casino while is very nice gaming could be better.
5	Best room I've ever stayed in.  Very gracious staff.  Everything is way overpriced but almost worth it.  I will not gamble here again though because it is such a gamble :)
5	Vegas hotels don't get any better than this!My boyfriend signed up for the Wynn gaming card and they recently sent him two complimentary nights in a King suite at Wynn or Encore. We decided to go for Encore and since we usually pass on these deals because they are only good for Sun-Thurs stays, but because President's Day was coming up we decided to go on that weekend. I seriously have never stayed in a more luxurious hotel than Encore. The decor, the smell, the cleaniness is more than I could ask for. Our suite was HUGE and we had the most amazing view of the strip. We could also see XS and Surrender from the 26th floor window of our room!I think I'm seriously spoiled now and will probably never go back to pay money to stay at other cheapy hotels!
4	I refuse to stay anywhere else while I'm in Vegas, and, once I check in, will hardly leave since the hotel has all the stuffs that I need--fine dining, casual dining, a Sportsbook, tables, slots, cafes, a pool, an adult pool, several bars, XS (which is Tryst, but gaudier), great service, friendly patrons, and guest rooms with walls covered in floor to ceiling mirrors. It's one of my favorite places. Probably because I associate it with morning shots, fine food, and drunkenness.The rooms are comfortable and spacious with a living area, a couple of flat screen TVs, floor to ceiling window, and a king sized bed. Restrooms have a tub, vanity, his and her sinks, and shower. The place is pristine. Customers of the Wynn and Encore can easily travel back and forth between the two. Also, the hotels are right across the street from the Fashion Show Mall and the Palazzo.Notables: Well ventilated casino and hotel so that smoke and other irritants in the air are minimal. Wynn may have better ventilation. Older clientele who aren't as chaotic, obnoxiously loud, or disrespectful as those who sometimes roll in droves to the Venetian or New York New York. Though, on 3 separate visits here, younger men have approached me in the casino area to subtly ask me if I was a prostitute.
4	High marks for the rooms, great views and beds are super comfy. Nice bathrooms upscale place all around. Easy access to the rest of the valley and Strip.
4	Pros: +Amazing rooms (stayed at their basic room, which was stunning - great layout, very clean, huge bathroom with tub and shower) +Great casino downstairs (clean, elegant)Cons:-The service was subpar (I came on a promotion that they sent me - when I checked out, they gave me a bill that was 400 dollars more than it should have been and the front desk person was not nice about it at all - finally after about 10 minutes the manager came and took care of it)Overall:Outstanding hotel/casino that can use better service; that being said, I would stay here again.
4	I love Encore. ROOMS: I've stayed here before and the rooms are really nice. I had a nice view and it was clean. CLEAN. :D It's expensive - even with a "good" deal - it's expensive :PSERVICE: Standard. CASINO: Of course you're going to have people smoking but the games were standard. I don't gamble. I just make sure I don't go anywhere with cigarettes. XS: I like the club because there is a pool area for the club and they do have seats for you in the game room portion with a bar that was not busy at all. The section that is across the pool. Awesome. The other section that you enter can get extremely full. OVERALL: Nice place to stay. Pricey but you get what you paid for.
4	If I had a choice, I wouldn't stay anywhere else.  Encore is always my first and only choice while visiting Vegas.  Their customer service is quite stellar and the housekeeping beckons to your call with your every need.They print your boarding pass for you and everything is taken care of.  They also call you to make sure you received the item.  Your room key is your player card as well.The only thing they could improve on is upgrading their iHomes.  They are out of date and kind of faulty.Otherwise, everything is a one stop shop and in the summer, it is conveniently in the same building as Encore Beach Club.
5	Whats not to love? The rooms are spacious, the bathroom is amazing and I was treated like royalty for a week. The casino is not a busy as others which can be a welcome relief from the craziness of Vegas. Some good things to know before you check in: they will want to authorize $150 per day you stay on your credit card for incidentals (its Vegas - no matter where you are they want to charge you for everything). XS, Surrender and various other bars and amazing restaurants are available to you within quick walking distance. I enjoyed the Society Cafe for breakfast and Switch restaurant for dinner. The pools are lovely and you have a quite a few options to chose from! The Fashion Show Mall is right across the street if Louis V, Channel, Hermes and Manolo are not on your agenda.Quick tip - for great pizza, ambiance and a good deal, go to the Wynn down the long hallway past all the shops where you will find the Pizza Place - it even has outdoor seating next to a waterfall!Will I be back - ABSOLUTELY!
3	It is really hard for me not give the Encore five stars.  The rooms are opulently appointed and there is a panel at your bedside to operate the curtains, lights and even the privacy option on your door.  Very cool.  The room is a compact suite and very well designed - but it is not large for a suite.  The bathtub is a standard size soaking tub for one person.  Again, nice but small. My main issue with the room is that despite the opulence, the walls were thin and I could hear my neighbor's t.v.  Also, even though I was 21 floors up, I still heard the traffic on the strip late at night.  The staff at Encore is the best on the strip.  This would also push me to five stars.  However, my issues with Encore are these:  I sat down at a lobby bar and began playing video poker and was asked for my drink order.  Anywhere else I have been in Vegas - including Caesars (at least on my last visit), you are comped while playing  video poker at a bar.  Not at the Encore.  My absolute on the rocks - although plentiful and strong - was $15.00 w/ tip.   Later in my trip, I went to Society Cafe for breakfast and the menu items were $18.00 and above.  We're talking breakfast folks.  Onto the spa and fitness center.  There is about a $15.00 fee to use the fitness center.  I believe this price is reasonable and in-line with other Vegas properties if you're not paying a resort fee.  However, beware that if you want to use the locker room or showers - that bumps up your visit to $55.00.  This facility is very nice - but $55 to take a steam and shower is ridiculous. So, obviously, who goes to the Wynn/Encore and complains about the prices?  A valid point.   However, regardless of the price you pay for your lodging in Las Vegas - we as customers should expect a decent value.  High end properties should deliver high end value and so forth.  My issue, is that I thought Wynn/Encore would be above the nickel and diming that takes place all over Vegas.  It is not.  That is why the property receives three stars, despite the great staff and nice room.
5	The rooms are spacious and awesome-looking. I like the interior better here than at the Wynn (the theme at the Wynn is..butterflies? There are butterflies everywhere!)But anyway! They have an AWESOME buffet downstairs (The Buffet), and it was not too smoky inside the casino (very good ventilation). It was super windy outside so the pool was chilly, but it was still relaxing to chill outside with some drinks from the cute servers. :)
1	Saturday night, went to their lounge with my cousins, even though we spent hundreds of dollars on drinks and playing crabs, the bartender couldn't get us an extra olives saying " this is not a buffet guys! Drinks are shitty; I tried to talk to the bartender to fix it for us; he said " deal with it, I don't want it back"! Come on, what's an extra olive or fixing your own nasty drink! Talked to the manager, he didn't give a fuck either! I don't even want to give this review one star, but I have no choice. There are so many places in Vegas where I can have more fun with half the price and better customer service! I will never go back to Encore.Bartender name: Jolieo
5	Best accommodations in Vegas! Beautiful decor and outstanding service. We we're definitely spoiled. The front desk even sent up a card and delicious complimentary chocolates as congratulations on our promotions. Encore has become our favorite place to stay!
4	Stayed her for a few nights beginning of the year in one of their suites. The hotel was very nice, clean, and simple. I usually stay at Aria, but thought I'd give Encore a try. The rooms were super clean. The gaming in this hotel was not crowded. A bit empty and boring. But, when you walk over to the wynn, it's much more lively. Drink service was snail speed. The bed was comfy and the amenities in the room were top notch. The only thing that was not working was the "night light" in the bathroom. no big deal. just wanted to see how it looked. haha. The best part of staying here was the concierge service! If you have a flight to catch, they'll check you in & print out your boarding passes for you. no fee! The coffee shop downstairs was convenient, but way over priced! We spend most of the time next door at the wynn. just came back to encore to sleep. Very comfortable and not crowded so I'll definitely stay here again!
5	WOW...!!!Beautiful Room.Great Service at the Front Desk.My kids loved the Wynn Resort Swimming Pool...it's BEAUTIFUL...
5	AWESOME hotel!!! Came in through he week and were offered a suite at the Wynn so of course we took them up on the offer.  The Encore Hotel is just beautiful!  The front desk reception staff is extremely friendly and helpful.  Can't review on the rooms because we moved to the Wynn.
5	My husband and I stayed at the Encore and we absolutely looved it!  We never had to leave to go to other hotels because everything we needed was right there!  Pool is amazing.  Pineapple mojito is delish!  The rooms were very nice and kept clean.  I will not stay anywhere else on the Strip!
3	Las Vegas! If i was forced to stay at a "motel" i'll still go to vegas! seriously? Come'N don't u agree? lol ok fine maybe motel is a bit too harsh (: you get the point people. EnCore and its RED dragons and flying fish in the sky sure pulls your attention, their sky high level rooms and its beautiful full glass views will make you speech less. As in this is too much red, i mean if you are color blind this place would put you in a serious trouble. Stayed here for two nights and three days. Not with the wife though it was with few friends. We didn't really so much "enjoy" the stay as it was described in TV, and ads! lets just say i've had many other better experience before. That being said, food, services and cigar selection downstairs is worth it. sadly it was winter so didn't enjoy the outdoor poor and cocktails. Not sure i do go back there again. Wait wait, if i was offered free promotion deals too good to be true I just might take it! hahah (:  Maybe this review seem "negative" due to the lose i had on their casino yea! pretty bad two nights. Who knows if I won that night I just might of been interested and had a bit more positive approach as an overall rating. over all C+ aah-okay!
5	If you want a upscale hotel in Las Vegas that has a relaxing resort feel that just removed from the insanity down the strip, this is your best bet.  Our room on the 61st floor featured a strip view and a view of the entire Las Vegas valley and the surrounding mountains.  The bathroom is the highlight of the room, its huge.  The beds are very comfortable, perfect for a good sleep after nonstop late night fun in Vegas.The Encore casino never gets crazy crowded, but if you want more hype, the Wynn hotel casino just next door is definitely more happening.  After walking along the strip one late evening, past all the craziness near Harrah's, Imperial Palace, etc, it was nice to return to the Encore's laid-back vibe.  If you want a crazy party atmosphere you'll probably find this hotel/casino too quiet and laid back.
3	the encore is a beautiful place to stay, nicely laid out rooms and everything's just nice and clean. the beds were comfortable, and the flat screen was nice. the rooms were pretty far from the entrance it seemed and its all the way at the end of the strip so you'll definately get your excercise on!if you like shopping, its right next to the fashion show mall where they also happen to have the largest forever21 i've ever seen! much larger than the one in sf and so many lines i dont even see on their website!the buffet has gone down since i've last been here. i used to rave about how this is THE buffet, but i dont think i'll be back. they need to have more actual food and less fruit baskets. desserts, which is my favorite section, was limited, as was the seafood. its a disappointment. i don't think i'll be back. actually, i most likely won't
5	This place is sick. The decor is beautiful. This truly is a five star resort.  Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful. The room was amazing, from the lighting to the details of the room was perfect. We booked a panoramic king suite. It had floor to ceiling windows in the living room area  to give an amazing view in the morning and at night. The bathroom was huge and the travertine mosaics on the shower floor was exquisite. The gym is clean and really busy. One thing i didnt mind was that there were 5 treadmills out of order so as a runner I was a bit annoyed. The gym and wifi access was included in the resort fee so that was nice to use the amenities that you are actually paying for during the stay. Overall this hotel is amazing and we will be staying here again!
5	The service that I received during my recent stay was more than impeccable. I've been staying all over the Las Vegas strip area since the late 80's and I can't say that any service on the strip has been as memorable as this last stay. I've stay with Mirage, Mandalay, Tropicana, Venetian and with a past in working in the hospitality and customer service industry, my expectations were met and beyond satisfied. I was lucky enough to receive a thrill promotion in the mail and it just seemed too good to pass up. Thankfully my birthday was coming up so it gave me a reason to come and take advantage of this promotion. When I arrived, the bell man was so wonderful and even thanked me for choosing to stay with the Encore. The checking in process was simple, fast, easy and the lady who checked us in was so welcoming and delightful. She was informative and didn't seem nervous which made the process easy going. The service from bell man, concierge, checking in or out, room service and housekeeping were so spot on. Everything that I requested, was met and when I needed something or had something delivered to the room, an estimated time was always met. I can go on endlessly at how the service was just so wonderful and I can really say that we left wanting to come back again. We've already found ourselves a reason to come back. One issue that I while being at the hotel was that when taking advantage of the Red Club Card, the lady there didn't seem welcoming. She seemed irritated and actually, snobby. To be honest, I felt like she looked down upon me because I look young. When I had signed up, she informed me of the free play and after the first 300 points, I could come back to spin the wheel. When I came back later that late night, I won a buffet. She asked if I wanted to redeem it and of course at 1 or 2 in the morning, that wasn't something that I was interested in doing so she put it on my account. Being that I was using my Red Card for everything, the next morning, I went to the buffet and charged it to the room. Upon check out, this charge for the buffet that I had won was not waived. Now, I don't mind the situation too much but just for further guests maybe the Red Club Card team should inform their guests that they will have to come and receive a voucher for a buffet redemption. Personally, it shouldn't have made a difference if I went to the buffet with the voucher or not and the fact that it wasn't waived really upset me. Regardless of the circumstance above, the overall stay was wonderful. I hope to have another chance to stay with the Encore/Wynn.
4	My wife and I stayed at The Encore a couple days to celebrate our 6th wedding anniversary.Over all, what can I say? It was a truly amazing place. Our King Suite was fantastic, everything provided was outstanding, and the service from staff was first class. Honestly, the only real annoying thing about the place was the annoyance and excessive number of snobs everywhere. I am neither wealthy nor broke, but if I ever find myself with a sustained abundance of cash, I hope I NEVER start acting like "rich people."I would definitely stay at The Encore again, but probably not with my kids. Again, as beautiful and elegant as the place is, it just seems a but overly hoity-toity for a family visit. Plus, with the "no strollers" sign visible at every entrance, I wouldn't want any snobs giving me a reason to backhand them for sneering at my kids.I don't hold this against The Encore. Again, the staff there was amazing, friendly, and accommodating. The amenities were amazing. The buffet, quite honestly, puts any buffet I have ever been to to shame. Finally, The Encore is the home of the show called La Reve (I'll review that separately). You definitely get what you pay for. Other than the snobs, I guess I would say the only thing I felt a little lost on is the concept for the place... unless the concept is simply luxury.
3	The boyfriend and I visited Vegas in 2010 and had booked and prepaid for a room/show package. If this review was based on customer service alone, I would have given 2 stars. Upon arriving, the desk asked for the credit card I booked the room with. As said before, the room was PREPAID on my MasterCard/Debit card. The bank I was using switched from MasterCard to Visa, and I didn't think I would have a problem checking into the hotel because the entire stay was paid for. However I was proved wrong. The clerk said he was going to have to refund the money that I booked the room with (and could take 3-5 days to return to my account), and RECHARGE the full amount for the stay...which of course was a NICE chunk of change. So needless to say I was kinda miffed because this came out of our spending money for the 4 days of our stay. I still don't understand why this had to be done because the full amount was prepaid, and the bank account number/name on card hadn't changed, but what can we do? Let this ruin the start of our vacation? I think not!The hotel and room were fabulous which made up for all the check-in confusion. We are very much walkers in this city however, and this hotel is somewhat long walk from the action at the south end of the strip...so bring some good walking shoes!
5	It's quieter, less traffic than the Wynn, if that's what you prefer. It is definitely just as beautiful. All the rooms are suites, with a sitting area. One thing I loved was that your HDTV is adjustable to face your bed...or the sitting area, with just a swivel! All the amenities are high quality, and the service to match, whether you want extra towels or room service. Which I have to say was the best room service breakfast I ever had. Ever. I paid a good amount, but completely worth it. Nice restaurants, great nightclubs, overall one of the best places to stay in Vegas...
4	I stayed at the Encore at Wynn for the first time starting on March 31st.We arrived around 11 am-12 pm to be faced with a very long check in/out line. Luckily, the gentleman ("Trey")checking us in was absolutely outstanding and made up for the long wait. The room was not ready (we were before check in time), so Trey recommended a place for lunch and directed us to the bell desk to drop off our bags. Throughout our stay, Trey helped us a number of other times and was outstanding each and every time.  The room itself was very clean and well designed. Unfortunately, but not surprisingly, there was no fridge (just a mini bar that costs $25 if you disturb the weight sensor to make a spot), coffee maker, or microwave.There was a desk, two TVs, a huge, beautiful bathroom, and remote controlled blinds and lights as well as an iron with a  full sized ironing board, a safe and a lot of drawers for storage. The incidentals that are provided are great and more than the typical complimentary items. The view wasn't the greatest because you look out mostly on their parking garage and  the Encore Beach Club. The room was very quiet except when the Beach Club was blaring music until 2 am which we could hear fine on the 22nd floor, but this was only on the Saturday night of our stay. The remaining nights were very quiet. We ate at Society Club once and it was outstanding. We went to the Buffet once (it was included in a package deal that we had) the lines were long, slow moving and the buffet was nothing special and we definitely would not have spent the amount they charge for it. Le Reve, one of the Wynn's current shows, on the other hand, was definitely a must see. The show is in a small theatre and there is not a bad seat in the house. Be careful what you wear because you may be splashed but  not too badly. Biggest downsides were we had ZERO cell reception (T-mobile and AT&T) in our room the entire time. You could access the hotels Wi-Fi for $13.99 a day per device, but they wave it for one device with their "resort charge". Another big downside is the location. Because you are at the very end of the active part of the strip, it is a long walk or dangerous taxi ride to most places.
4	You know what?  Life is good.  Life is really damn good.You know life is good when you can book an impromptu getaway to the Encore resort.I mean, this resort is so freakin' beautiful and comfortable, it makes you smile from ear to ear, starting at the moment you walk in.  Everything from the tastefully appointed casino, to the gardens, to the peacock statues, to the gorgeous bars and lounges decked out in sumptuous reds and browns -- it's all a feast for the eyes -- more so than most Vegas hotel/casinos.Encore gets it (mostly) right from the start.  Even the parking is easy, with a large and spacious parking garage that's easy to access and lands you right at the check-in desk.  Unfortunately, the check-in line takes a minimum of 30 minutes to get through, since the desk is perpetually understaffed.  Our 19th-floor "resort suite" room was lovely.  Probably the most beautiful hotel room I've had the fortune of staying at.  The living room had a magnificent Strip view, which the photos don't do justice to.  The electronic shades/blinds covering the floor-to-ceiling windows and the flat-screen TV in the shower were so unnecessary (but awesome!) that I felt like I was on a Bravo reality show.  The bedding was easily the finest, thickest, plushest bedding I've encountered at a hotel -- and I say that as someone who's admittedly very fussy about that sort of thing.  The bathroom looked beautiful but had a few plumbing issues (i.e., water backing up in the shower).  These issues were never resolved but were also never serious enough to interfere with our stay.A tip: The Wynn/Encore hotel bathroom give you freebie bottles of the Desert Bambu bath products, which are the most delicious and heavenly products you'll encounter.  Steal them!  Take them home!  Better yet: tip a housekeeper and see if he or she will give you extra!  Desert Bambu is not available in any store, except for the in-house Wynn/Encore boutiques, where you'll be overcharged for them.A warning: do NOT touch the tray of temptation.  If you even displace any of the snack bar/tray items for even a few seconds, you'll be charged $8 for a couple Swedish fish.  Yes, they're on a weight sensor.  The Wynn/Encore will find every possible way to nickel-and-dime you, so I repeat -- do NOT touch the tray of temptation.Rooms aside, the Wynn/Encore complex is superb because you never really have to leave.  The pool is stunning, and it has a dedicated access elevator for hotel guests.  (There's even a "European pool" if you're into seeing twice as many exposed areolas than you would at the regular pool.)  The selection of restaurants is probably the best on the Strip.  (We tried the Buffet and SW Steakhouse and loved both.)   For entertainment, there's a handful of nightclubs (XS and Surrender) as well as a dayclub (Encore Beach Club).  The point is: if you get bored at Encore, there's something seriously wrong.With so many delicious hotel options on the Strip, it's often hard to choose.  Take it from me, though: you can't go wrong with the Encore.
5	We didn't stay here but spent a good quality of time here. It's really nice and smells better then a lot of other casinos and it's not as crowded. Their parking structure was super easy to find and find parking. The choice of restaurants were great and the service was fantastic.
4	Usually stay at the Wynn but figured to change it up and try the Encore.Top notch all the way.The Wynn is better for gaming but the Encore does have some nice pools.Both  properties are great. -1 star for overall value of food and drink.
5	Recenly stayed at the Encore and thoroughly enjoyed our 4 day vacation. The hotel and rooms are beautifully decorated and maintained. The suites are large, well-appointed and very clean. As an added bonus, the impressive floor-to-ceiling windows boast a beautiful view of the strip. Mr. Wynn certainly knows hotels and it really shows in all of the details that really matter. Everything from the decor to their customer service is top notch. The restaurants on the property are plentiful. We especially enjoyed Wazuzu. I look forward to staying at the Encore on our next visit to Vegas.
4	The Encore is nice.  It is a step above the Wynn, but allows for easy access to it so you can easily pass back and forth between the two hotels.  The Tower Suites are nice and the view from the top floors is stunning.    Room service is good and service is excellent.
5	Encore is amazing. It has to be my favorite hotel in Vegas. It was originally the Venetian, but the Encore won me over. First off I love the red color everywhere. The hotel is gorgeous, and staying at the Encore, you don't really need to leave your hotel at all, but of course you do. You have XS and Surrender, which are both gorgeous clubs, and the encore beach club which is one of my favorite pools in Vegas. Encore has it all...except a cheap price tag. But when you do vegas, you have to do vegas right. ;)
5	Great Hotel.  You definitely feel like you're stepping into a hotel with a Middle Eastern / Far Eastern flare.  Room was great, clean and the view from the 56th floor was spectacular.  Only gripe was the long check in.  Encore could do something about how they check people in.  There were 4 people helping a line of 50+ people check in (our check took 45 minutes) and 7 people helping their elite customers (if you were elite, your check in was less than 5 minutes).  So being elite has it perks, especially in Vegas but I would have hoped they could have made the ratio of people checking guest in more proportional.  When I mentioned this to the front desk person, she upgraded us to a tower suite at no additional cost (a $60 value).  So the wait suddenly was a non issue.Valet Parking - great.  Self parking very close so you can do either.  Slots paid out better than some other places I've been to on the strip.Pool is great.  Fitness center is large.  Your room key doubles as a playing card.  Great place.
4	Nice place, I've never stayed here but I've gone to the clubs here and gambled here, I'd say it's one of the "nicer" hotels on the strip and for a more "rich/older" crowd. For those that don't know XS and Surrender are both inside this hotel (or at least accessible from here). The one downfall here is that there aren't that many places to eat, especially if you're looking to just grab a quick bite, I think there are virtually NO quick places, all are sit down and somewhat pricey. So if you're looking to grab a quick bite before clubbing make sure you do so before you get in here.
4	Encore is my fav hotel for the past few years and have always stayed there but after all these years AT?T cell signal still very weak in the rooms and most time just doesn't work. Would get 5 star if that is fixed.
5	Have stayed up and down the strip for years and this place is definitely at the top of the list. I have had nothing but pleasant stays here....Steve Wynn has a handle on what makes a hotel run seamlessly. Yes, they do nickel and dime you, which is a Vegas standard, but here I don't mind as much as the experience is so nice. It's akin to being at a Disney property where the "Mouse" has his hand in your pocket all the time....but, you kinda like it.  Maybe if they had a character....Steve the Magic Caterpillar?
5	Stayed here 3 nights. Checking in was a breeze and the service was great. I was expecting the room to be a little bigger, but overall it was nice.  I forgot my contact lens solution and toothbrush and they brought it up to my room immediately. A couple days later I decided to recheck my hotel bill and saw a mistake, I called them an they fixed it.
5	Our stay at the Encore was nothing short of wonderful.  After a two week road trip to Austin, T.X. and back, we decided there was no better way to recover than staying in Vegas for a grown up St. Patrick's Day.  Parking was ample.  There was no line at check in nor any sort of area roped off for a line.  Check in was ridiculously quick by any hotel standards, but especially by Vegas standards.  The suite was not small by any means, but also not the largest that I've stayed in.  The floor to ceiling windows are really what won my heart.  There's something amazing about that kind of a view from a Vegas high rise.  The bed was sublime, the bathtub easily fit both my husband and I, the modern design was appealing and classy.  While we didn't partake of anything from the "mini" bar we were amused to find that it held not only candy and alcohol, but sexual aides as well.  Well done, Steve.  Well done.  Pros:  Separate WC in bathroomLarge TubAmple toiletriesSeparate showerComfy BedQuiet roomAmazing viewsName on everything from players card (also your room key) to the telephoneCons:  Casino was lacking in slot machinesAt the far end of the stripHad a woman that was gambling next to me get treated like she was a hooker.  It was so blatant and uncomfortable that I stayed with her a while until her husband came back.
5	Stunning hotel - the decor is unparalleled, perhaps only Bellagio comes close. The main entrance has vibrant reds, entire hotel has an Asian theme with butterflies throughout. The Tower Suites area is done in vivant greens. Encore boasts natural sunlight, which is priceless in Vegas. Casino is probably the least smoky in Vegas (win).Service was excellent - concierge was helpful. Absolute attention to detail: guest name programmed into the TV and phone on arrival. Do not disturb switch is a nice upgrade vs. standard door signs. ROOMS (Tower Suites)Each floor is gorgeously appointed. Rooms are well-done in calm palettes.Bathroom was spacious and well-lit. The only issue was the bathroom mirror sconces, which were awkwardly placed right in the middle of the mirror (bizarre) vs. flanking the sink/wall. Amenities were nice.Fully mirrored walkway was excellent. Curtains are drawn electronically. Settee area was well-thought out with a good layout. Beds were comfortable.Minuses: - If you're on the Pool side, request 30th floor or higher to avoid the music noise - EBC/Surrender are super-loud day/night. - Extremely poor reception in the suites - was unable to place any mobile calls from the room. Have never encountered this issue at other hotels.CLUBSWith Surrender (current favorite)/Encore Beach Club (one of the hottest pool scenes right now) and XS (mega-legend) conveniently at the Wynn/Encore, you basically have everything covered.SHOPPINGEsplanades at the Wynn/Encore and Fashion Show Mall (down the street on the Strip) boast plenty of couture labels (2 Chanels, Hermes, Manolo, McQueen etc) within dangerous reach.
1	This is a good place... we went there for pool party if you think u are VIP in your city in Vegas it all about who you will greace under the table .... my boy order a table for us so they told him min should be 2K .... so in mean time we were thinking yes or no they sold this table to some one esle..... after that they give us a table 1000 dollars in a shack by the rest room ... crazy shit........ will not go there again.....  it was like what happend to our table the guard goes to me we sold it ...... I mean their is no loalty there all about money.........
5	It was my first time staying at encore in March and I have to say this place was stunning! My bf and I fell in love with our room. The double sinks, the tub, the shower, and the list goes on! I was offered a 2 night package deal which includes 2 nights stay with 2 tickets to the show La Reve and 2 complimentary lunch buffet. The line to the buffet was too long but the show was very good! I definitely would be coming back here again!
4	This review is for the casino only, as I didn't stay here, but at The Wynn next door.It was Friday night. We were supposed to go to the Marquee nightclub to see some DJ we had tickets for, but we had gone to Tao the night before and were not in the mood.We went to Encore casino around 4 am. Besides all the drunk people leaving the nightclubs, the casino itself was fairly dead.We played slots. A cute cocktail waitress came up and asked us if we wanted a drinkYes please! I ordered a margarita. She came back shortly with a tasty cocktail.I tipped her, and we continued to play various machines.Before I was even done that drink, another  waitress came by and offered me another drink. This time I ordered a White Russian. I was running out of small bills ( which I wanted to use to tip her) so I put in 20$ in the machine. I spun once and cha- ching ! I won. I cashed right out. $70.  Got my drink, tipped the waitress and left - ahead of the game. We walked around the casino and hotel and took photos. It's really nice and high end like the Wynn Next time I am in Vegas, I'm sure I will be back.
5	Best hotel in Vegas, from the small-ish Casino, to the bars... Into the beautiful rooms, excellent staff. You are a king in this hotel, and this is why everyone comes back. Attention to detail is the key here, with everything designed and appointed beautifully.
4	One of the nicest hotels on the strip - extremely accomodating, and in my opinion, the rooms are better at the Encore than the Wynn (although the pool and terrace restaurant at the Wynn are better).Overall good hotel - didn't gamble here much, and best place to get drinks is Parasol which is in the Wynn. Now that I'm writing this review, I think the only thing that the Encore has better than the Wynn are the rooms - but that's why the Wynn is a 5 star and Encore is a 4.
5	I believe the pictures attached by others can attest to the fact that this place is incredible.  The butterfly decor in the main entrance is a little much for my taste though.  This place has everything residing in one of the Wynn establishments.  Everything is incredible but you pay to live this lavish lifestyle, everything seems to add up quickly, several drinks at any of the bars $100.00+, drinks at the pool $100.00+, breakfast at one of their restaurants $100.00+, shave $100.00, makeup $100+, spa package $$$, dinners $200.00+ .  A nice place to splurge on occasion and enjoy the lap of luxury.  My only complaint is that water backed up into our bath tub and it took the maintenance personnel a couple of days to correct it appropriately.
1	Let me start off by saying it's a gorgeous hotel. I loved it. The style of the rooms is cool. Very modern & calm colors. The decor is great. Right up my alley. The decorin the restaurants & clubs is amazing as well. My advice just don't stay here & beware of room #3415. This is the worst hotel to stay in, in Vegas. I used to love the Wynn but it's hands down the worst experience & the customer service is a joke. My amazingly beautiful room is for looks only. Well, the bath tub is nice & so are the fixtures. I enjoyed taking a bath in there. There's also a tv so I was able to catch up on sports. Nice touch & that's where the good stuff ends.The shower leaked so bad I had a pond in the bathroom. The floors are marble & white so you don't see it walking in. Of course they don't put floor mats in their bathrooms. I fell & injured myself. I'm not going to detail exactly what happened because it's bad but I called downstairs & they asked if I needed medical attention. I figured I wasn't dying so I said no. They didn't offer to send a maid to clean the mess so I had no choice but to do it. Now last time I checked I wasn't hired by the Encore to be a maid. All the towels & robes on the floor didnt soak up all the water. Next door to us there was a maid cleaning the room we asked her to come clean the wet floor when she was done with the room & she never came. Apparently, she didn't think it was her job either. They called a tech to fix it the leaky shower while we were in the room. Inconvience! My bro in law went looking for a maid on our floor & she said she'd come back later which she did. She said she'd check the shower after the tech to make sure it was fixed. All lies! The tech said the seal was broken that's why the water leaked everywhere. But, guess what? After he "fixed" it, it still leaked the next day & I slipped again. The hotel never offered to give us another room or comp us. The stay was dreadful. They didn't even seem to care or say sorry. Other then that the room service was awful. They don't follow direction & I got sick off the lobster eggs benedict. I won't even go into how sick. Then when I called to ask for an item it took them 3 1/2 hours to bring it up when they said it would be right up. I called 4 times & at one point they said it would be up in 15 minutes. And, of course it wasn't. 1 1/2 hours later it got there. I called to speak with a manager & they said no one was available opon checkout. No managers at a busy Vegas Hotel? I told the girl to have the manager call me. After days of not hearing anything I decided to blast them on twitter & a few ppl called me then. All I was offered was 1 night free stay. It was a total joke after my experience. So I didn't accept. Moral of the story these hotels are shady & honestly don't care even if you're hurt. Take pics & video of everything in these situations so they can't down play anything.
5	OK, I have to start a 5 star review in a weird way by saying I will not be able to go back here. The hotel and the surrounding restaurants are way too expensive for me. Think $5.50 Diet Coke! They charged a separate $14 fee for each wireless device I had. (Funny, cheaper hotels give away internet. $250 a night places charge.)That having been said... This place is first class from the word go. The room was stunning. Remote controlled lights. Amazingly comfortable bed. Big screen TV that swiveled for viewing in bed and living room. Stunning bathroom with soaking tub, great shower, and TV that could be seen from tub. Beautiful view of the mountains and the strip. We did not swim, but the pool area was beautiful with beautiful people around it. The grounds and building were super well taken care of. Security at the elevators. The people treated us like royalty. If you can afford $60 - $100 meals or go off site to eat then this is an awesome place. If not then go to the Venetion. The rooms there are just as nice for about 2/3rd the price and the grounds have more stuff to do for the average Joe. I was able to do this once because of a convention rate and really enjoyed it.
5	like Wynn, this hotel is amazing
4	One of my favorite hotels in Vegas.  Especially with Encore Beach Club and XS.  Great times.One minor problem on my last visit, though - we asked for nonsmoking rooms but were given smoking rooms.  They were sold out and couldn't move us, and they didn't seem willing to do much else :(
4	GORGEOUS sexy, spacious, and modern rooms. Tight security. Kinda a pain in the butt for guests of guests to get in but, I prefer it that way. I appreciate knowing that the staff is taking some care to make sure that people who have no business being in the hotel suite area are not wandering about. The pool was a blast. We spent most of the first day gambling at the craps and blackjack tables at the european pool. The crowd was sexy, upscale, international and very friendly. Bonus the servers never let our free cocktails go empty for too long. :o) PS. they have great deals if you book in advance. We paid ~ $220 per night for the weekend! I would definitely come back!  :o)
5	This will be the 7th hotel that I've stayed at in Vegas and it is definitely up there. Rooms were amazing and spacious (we stayed in a Resort suite). Floor to ceiling windows overlooking the strip. Great decor that doesn't feel dated. I loved being able to access the Wynn too.Note, you are staying at a nice hotel so mini-bar, drinks etc are all going to reflect that. I was concerned about being all the way at the end of the strip but it wasn't an issue. Cab line was never crazy and let's be honest, I cab all over Vegas no matter where I stay!Pool - amazing and never felt too crowded. Great poolside gamblingOnly footnote is you could definitely hear the party happening at XS late at night. If you are doing Vegas proper you should be up too! But if you are going to hit bed early request a room that doesn't overlook the pool.
5	Really is a nice hotel. I think the lobby and the casino have a nice flare to them. I do believe that they could have done the rooms better for the price though. The TV that you have to turn between the bed area and living area should have been done another way. I don't know like one TV for each room. I blocks out any view you may have while lying in Bed. and just looks ugly. Just so you know if you get a room facing the Wynn you will have to deal with the sound of XS!! My wife and I were on the 31st floor and we could still hear the club at 4 am. Now I am an old school LA Club Kid, but this was just annoying. We ended up changing our room to face the other side. Just Sayin!Enjoy!By the way is it just me or is everybody else getting tired of these BS Resort Fees?
4	The Encore and Wynn are the epitome of true luxury and class when it comes to gaming properties in Las Vegas; the Mandarin Oriental is the winner for the best hotel/accommodations in Vegas, but it is also non-gaming (and about double the price of the Wynn/Encore if you can't snag a deal somewhere). The Encore is just too perfect. It's only negative? It's so far north on the strip. Now, if you're looking for a tad more seclusion and a break from the hectic Strip, Encore is right up your alley. From start to finish, our stay here (about a year ago) was spot on. Granted this was a year ago, but we still visit Encore every trip to Vegas for gambling and to visit their absolutely phenomenal spa (read my review here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-spa-and-salon-at-encore-las-vegas-las-vegas#hrid:Uh0PBBFqF7BYZIZCYvw-_w )They offer a spacious, semi-suite room as their most basic option. Yes, please! Luxurious bathroom and extras throughout the room. Very quiet. Amazing bed. I get sleepy just thinking about the extra soft linens!Amazing restaurants throughout. Botero is our family favorite (I'm reviewing that next and will also post pictures). Switch can be easily missed as it is kind of in the "back" but this is a one-of-a-kind gem of a steakhouse. The ceiling decor literally switches its designs. The food isn't too shabby, either ;) (AKA, damn delish). Through and through, I'm in love with the Encore. While my personal preference is the Wynn (I've won much more there, prefer the room setups, and like the overall feel of the property more), I'll be back at Encore if I can get double digit room rates.
3	Service: 3SRooms: 4SWe've stayed here a few times and this is the first time that I've had a problem.  We checked into the room and settled in. Hung up our clothes, put our belongings where they belong. Mixed ourselves a drink. No problem so far.I decided the jump into the pool for a swim, wait a minute I meant sit on the couch. Yes, the couch was wet as if it was a swimming pool.  I immediately call the front desk and they apologized and said that they just finished cleaning the room and the couch was dry and they didn't fully dry it yet.  The asked if I wanted to be moved to a different room.  Excuse me? If you knew this, then maybe you should've gave us another room to begin with?  I informed them that we are all already settled in and I suggest that they just bring two couch cushions  from another room and simply swap it.  They said they couldn't do that.  They will send room service with towels to dry the couch.  15 mins later, room service came with towels and some crazy loud fan to dry to couch.  I expressed my disappointment.  The cleaning guy said he will try to get two couch cushions and swap it for us, sounds like an idea that I heard somewhere before.I tipped the guy for swapping my couch cushions.  I am utterly disappointed in Encore staff for failing so many ways.  I expect this from Imperial Palace or even Harrahs, not Encore. Shame on you. Probably the last time I stay at Encore, back to Cosmo.
3	Still 3 stars.  The check-in and waitress staff continue to be the best on the strip but the hotel needs better upgrades and maintenance.  STILL no wi-fi at the pool or cabanas - $300-400 per day in the cabana and no internet??? You can pick up on the wifi signal from the meeting rooms while in the cabana but no one would give me a sign in code when I called.  Another person I spoke to said it would cost "millions" to put in - yeah right.  A 40 inch TV without hi-def is just another blurry TV.  The music seams to have gotten lamer going from hip to dance remixes of older songs. Cannot adjust fan speed.  Cabanas showing wear and smell like cigarette smoke.  In summary, I've finally come to the conclusion that the cabanas just aren't worth it.  The staff at the pool are always great though.The shower stalls still leak if the water hits the bench.  The door trim in the hallways and rooms shows a lot of scuffing and denting.  Time to upgrade to  hi-def TV's - if not in the rooms then at least in the bars and lounge areas.  Several stores in the esplanades were closed.  The slots are EXTREMELY tight.  I was going to my room early one am and security seemed to be helping an inebriated guest find his way back to the elevator to his suite.  When the elevator came I got on - but then the security guy saw that the other guest got on and then walked away leaving me on the elevator with a drunk dude who kept telling me i looked like Bill Gates and pawing at me trying to shake my hand - thanks a lot security guy!  How about seeing the guest to his room next time instead of just putting him on the elevator with another guest?!?Going back to Vegas in a few months - staying at the Cosmo for a change.
4	Gorgeous and amazing! You have got to visit this place! Surrender nightclub is undeniably my favorite on the strip! I'm certainly not a clubber, but this place is beautiful and so much fun!
5	Total class and top notch service
5	Hands down, one of... if not the best hotel in Vegas.This was my first time staying at Encore, and I WILL be coming back. It was my boo's 30th birthday and I wanted to stay in an ultra-chic / semi-fancy / elite hotel. Through alllll my research I found Encore to be the most affordable for how nice it was. After looking through all these travel sites, I called Encore and spoke with a rep. who actually offered me a lower price per night (and I didn't even mention what the prices I saw were!).Checking in -- long line, but speedy service. They offer you upgrades, and give you the dl on resort fees, etc. Also, check in was @ 3P & we got there are 1P, they let us check in early... woot!Room -- we stayed in the Resort King Suite which was AMAZING! I even did research & looked at some YouTube videos (thats what sold me, but the rooms are even better in person) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWx46XrpFAk - this is the video I watched. HUGE rooms, spacious, big bathrooms, super modern with buttons next to the bed that open & close sheers & curtains & lights. Doorbells for the rooms too, or set your light outside to "private" which lets the staff know to not bother, and disables the doorbell.Staff -- beyond helpful. Everyone says hello to you! Going up to your room has a little security/check in where you have to show them your key-card, it's annoying but I understand why they do it. Bell-boys are efficient and valet is super speedy!Hotel Perks & Venues - XS, Surrender, Encore Beach Club, Resort Pool, Imaculate Spa area.... this place has it all. The casino itself wasn't too busy which was nice. The grounds are gorgeous and rest assure that this hotel is spotless! The pool area is spacious and has lots of chairs if you decide to go to the Resort Pool.... also, there are lots of girls to tend too your drink needs & there is complimentary water at the pool. (They give you each 2 towels as well)  You will find families at the pool, the beach club is definitely for the younger crowd... but get on the GL unless you want to pay. The "resort fee" supposedly pays for free wi-fi... my phone was connected but connected to nothing. You've been warned!Overall my experience was amazing. Apologies for the LONG review, I suppose there aren't enough words to describe how amazing this place is. Note: if you're not in an executive suite there is a $25 daily resort fee... also remember to add in tax too!
5	In terms of luxury, this hotel can't be beat. No detail is overlooked. Check in was a little long (in terms of the line) but it was courteous and prompt. The room itself was probably one of the best I've stayed in. Huge bathrooms, good toiletries, lots of towels and a comfy robe are all part of what makes the rooms great. I liked how comfortable the sofa and bed were, though the linens could've been a little softer. I've stayed at The Signature where I remember both the tub to be bigger and linens to be more soft and comfortable. Unfortunately, I didn't get to try out the pool areas but it looked good from what I saw walking through the Esplanade and into Wynn. My only complaint is that it is a little "off the beaten path" so it'd be best if you expect to just stay within the area or allow for time to get to the other casinos/hotels. Unfortunately, getting to the Monorail also is a little bit of a trek (across the street at the Venetian) so there's also some planning with how to properly allow for travel time to and from places.
5	Beautiful room with a spacious bathroom that had both shower and jacuzzi, large king size bed, 40 inch flat screen tv, and own work space! Our room over looked xs on the left and encore beach club on the left so we got to listen to Calvin Harris one night and Tiesto the next morning for free! Edc weekend ftw! The atmosphere is definitely a luxury hotel that wasn't full of drunk college students. Though it's one of the more expensive hotels on the strip, it truly impressed me :)
5	Lunch @ the Encore. Such a 'Divine Pleasure'! I just adore Peacocks!
5	LOVE.
1	If you are use to 5 star service then run away now, don't walk. I prepaid on their website but failed to bring the credit card I charged it on and I booked it and paid for it so long ago I forgot how I paid for it. Do you have the card Sir? I do not know. If you do not know then I will need to charge you the full rate again on another charge and you will need to call back later for a refund at a later date. Your policy sucks! Don't curse at me Sir. I did not curse at you I cursed at your policy. Sir you will need to come back at 3pm for check in. Is there an additional amount I can pay to check in at 1:30pm? No Sir I already told you that you would need to come back at 3pm. I got the manager to credit BOTH of my credit cards and I told her I did not want to stay in their hotel. She was nice and asked me if she could help me book at another hotel and I said no I was done. If I can't find a hotel I will head to UT for some relaxing time in Zion National Park. They also had to cancel my tickets to La Reve their show and dinner afterwards at The Lakeside. I will never step in that property again. It did look nice but I would much rather get better service at places likes The Four Seasons or The Ritz Carlton, Bellagio ect.. I left their hotel and tried a few places which were all sold out and so I decided to take my wife to Zion National Park where we relaxed in comfort.
5	We had a perfect experience at the Encore. Our room was well thought through, clean and with a great view (we had a bigger room in an upper floor) - and attention to detail.The service was helpful, and we never had to queue - but there have been huge queues at the reception at peak times on the weekends. The location works well for us. It's at the (current) end of the strip across the street from the Fashion Show Mall. So shopping and getting to the Fremont Street is convenient, and especially on the weekend you are not in the middle of the madness.We spend some time at the 'European' pool (funny for a European, it means that there might be some skin visible) which was a relaxed experience. Only on the weekend try to avoid to be too close to the loudspeakers if you want to avoid deafness. But we are older than thirty, to be fair.
5	This review is for the Beach Club only....I've been to a few pool parties in my life but nothing like the one that was here on July 4th. Words can't describe how insane this place was, I mean the service we received at our table was truly top notch. Our server she was ok she did a good job but her helper Carlos was the frickin man!!! He did everything we were thinking about without even asking him and that's why this place has 5 stars from me. On top of all that this club truly is the Vegas experience when looking for a pool party.
4	What can I say that hasn't been said already?  The beauty of the resort really stands out.  It is evident that there is A LOT of attention to detail.  Every member of the staff is very attentive and friendly--housekeepers, wait staff, front desk, managers, etc.  This would be impressive at any resort casino but it's particularly impressive when you consider the sheer size of the Encore.The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is that Encore (and Wynn) seems to suffer from the same problem that all casino resorts suffer from--lines/long waits for services.  Our room wasn't ready at check in time and we called for ear plugs (Beach Club was right below our room) and it took about an hour, and two requests, for them to be brought up.  But again, the staff was friendly.The crowd is posh but also trendy and entitled.  Snookie/Carrie Bradshaw wannabes and d-bag guys.  Guy we met at the pool: "Dude, you gotta come to XS tonight! There's going to be this DJ who's so DOPE!!!"  But not everyone.  Our trip was 4 gay guys: 2 friends and a gay couple.  The couple held hands and occasionally kissed while walking around but we never ran in to any problems though.  The upside of it being a bit of a posh crowd is that we didn't see a lot of the people wearing plastic yard cups around their necks.  That's also related to the fact that it's at the north end of the Strip.  The plastic yard cup wearers seem to be more down near Harrah's and Imperial Palace.Encore is a great destination resort; if you wanted to, you could easily stay within the Wynn/Encore resort the entire time.  It's expensive to do that though.  There really are no inexpensive dining options in the complex.  Our cheapest meal was 2 slices of pizza and 2 Cokes for $22.  But if you just accept that it's going to be expensive, then you could spend your entire vacation there if you wanted to.Overall, it's on the expensive side but it's worth it.  We had a great stay!
4	It's a 114 degrees out, what to do?! Stay inside the Encore and Wynn all day! We never left the property; there was plenty to do. Highlights:Poolside: I wanted to relax outside by the pool for a couple hours but 100+ degrees in the sun does NOT appeal. I found a big part of the Wynn's pool in full shade at 4 p.m. and the perfect clime for relaxing and reading. Casino: I thought the games would be expensive but found plenty of games to afford: $2.50 minimum on computer roulette, 5 cents and up video poker, 25 cents and up onvideo blackjack. Oddly, the cocktail waitresses seemed scarce during our visit.Room: Remote control lights and drapes. Classy contemporary decor. Personal safe in the closet. Lush bedding.Downside: Oh for a green property in Vegas. The environmentalist in me winced at all the plastic the eateries handed out. Even when I ordered "for here," they served it in plastic. Booooo.  : (
5	Stayed here recently for a fam bam trip.This place rocked my socks off. The only negative would be the long wait for the check-in lines (but what good Vegas hotel doesn't have this?!) Encore, like it's sister (or brother) hotel Wynn, is fabulous with a capital F. The hotel lobby and gambling area is immaculate, not smokey and modern looking. The rooms are even better. HUGE room and bathroom. Albeit the shower was a wee bit on the small side and the toilet was a bit "higher" than I'd like it to be (hey, I'm only 5'4!), the room was perfect. I loved that you could control the room settings with a switch of a button. With two quick button presses - voila!  Lights out and drapes closed for bed time. If you can get a deal (like we did) and not pay full price, definitely stay here (or at the Wynn). But the Encore was the best hotel I've ever stayed at (in Vegas)
5	Awesome hotel and really nice pools... Recommended!!
5	One of the most beautiful room I've stayed in. Wonderfully decorated, clean and fresh! I love the doorbell by the way. I love the ability to control the curtains, lights, put up the "do not disturb" all by the touch of a finger in BED! YEA...I need to get one at home. I judge alot of hotel room by their bathroom and I love the bathroom. Roomy and gorgeous! Watching tv while brushing my teeth, heck yeah. An incentive to stand there and brush my teeth for the full 2 minutes, maybe more! Mini-Bar is hella expensive though...Staff there is top notched!I really wish Wynn would offer a little more for their guests though. Ghetto as it may be...I still like getting freebies at these sort of resorts. I mean I got them staying at Venetian and it was soo much cheaper. I would definitely stay here again but so many more resorts to try before I decide on my favorite.
5	The Encore is the standard by which I compare all others hotels too. Hands down, from check-in to check-out,  from the valets to the house keeping staff and everyone in between this is absolutely the best hotel bar none and the only place I ever stay in Vegas.
5	Had a room on the 64th floor, gorgeous view of the mountains in the morning. The hotel has an old money feel to it, not very hip but top of the line all the way. One wall in the room was just a huge mirror, this made the room feel huge and made for a great night. There was some top notch shopping (Hermes) as well. Overall you can't ask for me in a Vegas resort.
4	I give it a 3.5, it's clean, the bed is comfy, did not try room service, there's only one restaurant open past 11pm (its vegas people). The staff is great, pool is great as well, the European pool (ladies can go topless) and the family pool( I think) were clean. Free wifi with the mandatory resort fee of ($25) will stay here again. The whole present your key everytime you come in gets old fast stayed here for 5 days so I was really just annoyed. I did not like the fact that the clubs (xs tryst) are not comped for guests of the hotel, you have to stand inline like everyone else though We never had to pay because we knew a guy who knew a guy and ladies were free etc but the fact that you are staying in the hotel does not help at all. It can also be family friendly. Especially in the suit side which has a completely separate entrance.
5	Encore performances often are just quick hits to pacify the fans with one last song before calling it a night, but the Encore Hotel is a 2nd verse as good as the first. It matches its sister the Wynn with class, fun, and style.Elegant Rooms and AmenitiesNightclub Nirvana at XSComplete Customer ServiceOutstanding Beach ClubRItzy Casino and StakesEast Asian AtmosphereIf you are planning to hit Surrender, XS, the Encore Beach Club, or any of the things at Wynn like Le Reve or Tryst then it's hard to imagine a better place to stay than Encore Las Vegas.
4	Such a nice hotel with really comfortable bed.  Couldn't get Internet to work in the room but that just meant I couldn't work while I was there (oh well:).  The pool is really nice and they bring you water while you are sitting out.  I would highly recommend it to someone, but then again I didn't pay the bill.
5	I absolutely love the Wynn and Encore...by far the best hotels in Vegas. Mr. Wynn has classy taste and know how to provide the best food, entertainment, decorations, and rooms.Encore's suties are stunning with mirrors everywhere and modern furniture with plenty of space. Encore beach club is amazing, you feel as if you are not in the USA. Casino is very elegant with butterflies and red chandeliers everywhere. My favorite restaurant is the SW Steakhouse, great food and an unbelievable ambiance, try to sit outdoor infront of water fountain.If you are looking for elegance, high quality, and a peace of mind, Encore/Wynn is the place.
3	One of the nicest properties in Las Vegas, and with a price tag in the 100's of millions it had better be. They have done a great job keeping it clean and fresh, most casinos start off very nice and within a year or so they look like quite run down. What a great casino to walk around in. This place boasts a great attention to detail. The rooms are beautifully appointed and the pool is a lot of fun.  Stop in and get out of the sun for a little while. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	First place in Vegas I've ever stayed.  I wasn't blown away because I had nothing to compare it to, but everyone was telling me how nice and etc. it was.  Glass showers, marble/granite floors and counters, I have that at home, so that may be why I wasn't "wowed".  Anyways, the toilets flush like airplane toilets and the lock on the bathroom door didn't work...  Ehh, it was just a regular double queen suite to me?  Couches weren't specifically comfortable, but the beds are pretty awesome.  Guess I'm glad I didn't stay somewhere else, if Encore is the "best".  On the flip side, XS is AWESOME and I really wanna check out EBC next time.
3	Nice hotel. Disappointed because we weren't able to check in at 3pm when we were supposed to. Garth Brooks show was the best!
4	Not sure why we haven't stayed at Encore before but stayed here this past weekend on a trip out to sin city.  The hotel was nice and clean and though the hotel has been open for a few years I did not see much wear and tear.  It's nice to be able to stay at a hotel that actually maintains their rooms.  The total experience was much more pleasant that my normal go to hotel of choice (Palazzo).  Encore's rooms were 100x better than what Aria offers and though I haven't stayed at Cosmo yet, I'd say Encore may be my new choice when stopping by Vegas.  What's also nice is that your room key also serves as your player's card so that I don't have to carry too many cards with me when gambling.  I haven't gambled at Wynn in a few years so naturally I've lost all my comps.  It was also nice to see a few craps tables with lower limits here along at Wynn.  Strolling back from dinner, you'll also see quite a view of the talent featured at their clubs ;-) which just an added bonus.  Will probably be back for another stay in the near future.
4	Still the best, still would go back, again, and again BUT they dropped some points in the customer service arena.A lost credit card experience and the valet experience was not that of a 5 diamond resort.  We experienced ridiculous customer relations and problem solving issues.  It was totally unacceptable.Yet Encore Wynn has it all: the luxury, beauty of the property, room style and comfort, food, gambling, pools, etc.  They do it the best overall.
3	Nicely appointed, well kept. outside of the restaurant customer service did not truly impress me.
3	Rooms are very nice and comfortable, staff is great! I was there for a meeting on a Sunday through Tuesday and the room literally shook all night from the XS night club music! I ate in 3 of their restaurant's that were good but stupid expensive, go down the road to Morton's for a superior steak for much less. The pool was nice but also way to pricey! $8 beer? $16 house maggie? WTF???
4	I was really impressed with this hotel on my recent trip to Vegas for a girls weekend. The hotel itself is very impressive, the decor is amazing and so well thought out. The hotel is fairly new so doesn't have that haggard look but actually they've kept it up well. The casino is open and airy (not smokey at all) and somehow doesn't feel as claustrophobic as other casinos in Vegas. The rooms are great! Very modern with mirrors everywhere and clean lines. Remote control drapes and sheers as well as lights. We stayed in a king suite so had the benefit of a separate living room with a couch. It was nice to be able to have a pregame cocktail without having to sit on a bed. The bathroom was gorgeous, double sinks, large tub, shower with two heads and lots of nice bath products (although the shampoo and conditioner could be upgraded). I laughed when I read another reviewers comment about the toilet being too high, I felt the same way! Like a little kid with my legs dangling! The toilet is a little aggressive too when you flush, but who's complaining?? The pools are nice. They have options, you can go to the family pool or the "European" pool (bikini tops optional). You can also use pools at Wynn. The younger crowd pools are fun with pumping music and hot bodies everywhere. The family pools are more relaxing and peaceful. Both have free water and towels and plenty of servers to bring you a cocktail, although you'll pay dearly for it! I will say the pool areas are lacking good food options, all of the items on the menu are premade sandwiches and salads and didn't appeal to me. The restaurants inside the hotel are great, although again pretty pricey (what do you expect??). They all have an Asian flair but the two we ate in, Wazuzu and Wing Lei were great! The crowd is younger on the weekend and apparently XS and Tryst are two of the hottest clubs in town so be prepared to see a bunch of young girls in too short dresses and walking around barefoot after they gave in to their 6 inch platform heels (yeah I'm not bitter! LOL). Of all the hotels in Vegas I have stayed at, I would definitely go back here.
5	The panoramic room upgrade was really nice on floor 62.  Wifi worked fine for us and was included in the resort fee, though you have to click through some web forms that tell you as much.  There is no floor 40 - 49 so it's not as quite high as it sounds, though still an awesome view North to downtown and the mountains.  The view seemed to put my lovely date into a very romantic mood, so good times were had - and the room mirrors seemed to multiply the visual pleasures.  We turned in well after midnight but heard no club thump at our level/side though I knew in advance that the party was on with Diplo spinning.  The gym room was nice and big, open 6A to 8P.  Heavy on machines and treadmills but still enough room and apparatus (free weights, kettles, bands, balls, etc.) to train strength and functional stuff with my trainer/wife, so that experience worked out well.  We didn't see all of the resort in our two night stay, but what I did see, I liked and there was a lot to look at.  The giant hanging fresh flower balls in the atrium were impressive and demanded photos be taken.  Wazuzu food sucked in my opinion and sundries store items were crazy money expensive but those are minor complaints.  Society cafe breakfast was excellent by contrast, though not cheap.  I also dug the Alexander McQueen shop at Wynn with the stylee skull themed gear - though I could barely afford an accessory there, I wanted to buy more.  The resort location rocked, close to the classier end of the strip, adjacent to the Fashion show and Palazzo.  I didn't drop a penny at the casino, but witnessed many other people appearing to enjoy that side of it.  Consensus is that we had a great time on our short stay.
5	Absolutely gorgeous hotel! Staff were always very friendly. I love all of the venues in this hotel - the nightclubs had good DJs (including Will.i.am.!!!), the restaurants had amazing food. The rooms were gorgeous, especially the bathrooms. I love the showers. The tub, everything!!! The buffet at the Wynn was my highlight of great places to eat for the price you pay! But for the higher end places, I loved Society. The pools were amazing, too! I would stay here again!
5	This is by far the best looking casino resort in Vegas!!! Upon walking into the lobby, I was surprised by how dreamy and sexy it  was with red chandeliers and dramatic ceiling decorations. The service is flawless. Tons of securities/staffs stand by the corners eager to help out if you are lost or have any question. Hotel key check prior to entering the elevators makes me feel very safe staying here. We got a suite and I couldn't be happier staying here. It's very clean, sleek and modern with a remote control by the side of your bed that controls everything in your room. The bathroom is large with tons of counter space for my makeup... It's very very quiet as well, you can't hear a peep while in the room.  After 8pm, it's a show downstairs... many hotel guests dress to the 9s with sky-high heels and flirty dresses. Awesome for people watching!!! Did I mention that there are some of my favorite stores right in the hotel? Hermes, Chanel...etc. Very convenient when you need an extra cocktail dress or forget to bring your cufflinks with you. The SPA is really really wonderful as well. Will definitely stay here again. (Those little outfits on the waitresses is definitely the best in Vegas!) ;)Wynn, you did Vegas good!
3	It's a beautiful hotel, and I liked it for the most part BUT...* This is NOT the place to stay if you're not there to go clubbing. I was here with my husband for a quiet birthday weekend and to catch some shows. Every night we walked to our hotel we were swimming upstream through obnoxious brats on their way to the club. Girls in crazy heels not watching where they're going, rolling 4-5 deep, too drunk and awkward on their heels to move in a graceful manner, and guys just, well there.* Upside, our room was low floor with a cr@p view but relatively quiet. Didn't hear any club noise - and only occasional noise from the room next door*I liked our room overall, nice size, comfortable bed, nice understated decor* Room wasn't QUITE as clean as I would have liked. Couch was dusty...wtf? I ended up putting towels across the seats.* Like many other hotels, we had to pay the resort fee, so we just used our WiFi like the wheels were going to fall off :)* Hubby's a picky eater so he wasn't feeling most of the restaurant options, until we got to the Wynn Buffet. I've never seen his eyes light up over food like that before. The buffet was awesome and a great way to end our trip.* I thought the location was going to be a huge minus being somewhat far up the street, but it was perfect. Great proximity to the bus stations (Fashion Mall(?) stop) so super easy to get the lower part of the Strip as well as Fremont Street.I would easily have given this place 4 stars but the damned club kids knocked it down a star.
5	Luxury at its finest. From the moment I arrived here, I was awestruck. From the awesome customer service, to the gorgeous lobby and casino layout. The rooms were awesome, and the pillows and blankets were EXTREMELY comfortable. I was tempted to take that blanket with me. The pool was simply perfect, and it was great to be able to go straight from the gym to the pool. This is also a great place to stay at if you want to go clubbing. My only complaint is that now I feel bad because I feel as if I'm cheating on the Venetian :(
5	Love this Hotel!  The best stay I had with my BFFs from college!  A week to remember forever!!!  The Panoramic Suite was fabulous!!!
4	This is probably my favorite standard room in Vegas.  Big size all suites great furnishings.  Great bath.  I like the decor.  Palazzo is great but it's just too garish for me.  Staff is great.  I like that it's somewhat quiet.  Deductions for up charging everything.  But that's Vegas. Casino is also classy but stuffy.  I took my cheap fun loving behind to O'sheas.   I'm here for work and I'm not paying but if I was I would suffer a bit a pay a little less for a room more center strip.  Who sleeps much here anyway unless you are here for work like me.  I've used the pools before but not on this trip.  They are awesome and I've been happy.  Food options are too much but I can brave the heat and go to the mall that has a great food court.  I've eaten the buffet at the Wynn which is the best as far as buffets.  I just don't like them in general I would rather have one plate of great food then 10 of mediocre food.  Back to work. There's a resort fee but that's everywhere decent now except I think caesers.
4	One of the best hotel experiences I've had!Great staff. Clean lobby. Very caring. Comfy robes. Yummy room service selections (and it's 24 hours!). No fridge. :/Awesome view!! Comfy couches. Soft comforters. Provided bathroom toiletries. Will def stay here again but it isn't cheap... $$$$$
4	great vegas hotel...no real complaints....although...lol....just really big so there isn't a lot of personalized service at the get go...however if needed help and phenom service is there for the asking
5	Damn! What can I say about the Encore? It's amazing! The ambiance is great. There are plenty of shops and restaurants to choose from between the Encore and Wynn as well. The staff was very helpful and polite. It is definitely by far the best place I have ever stayed at. Between the food and all the things to do there, my wife and I were kind of sad we had to leave haha. It's pretty apparent that they aim to please here. It's one of those places you have to go and experience for yourself. We will definitely be staying here again during our next trip to Vegas. 5 stars for you Encore!
5	AMAZING TRIP!!!  Would highly recommend staying here.  It's young, fun, chic, hip, simply amazing.  Will for sure be coming back.
5	A truly spectacular hotel/resort in Las Vegas. My 8th trip here and we never left Encore and Wynn!!! We experienced 4 of your restaurants, the pool, Sports betting area (Go Wings!!) and our rooms to the fullest.Thank you for a Five Star experience for a 3 Star price!!
5	What a fabulous hotel!!!! Best hotel room I've ever stayed in...period! I've flown well over a million miles and stayed many places including Ritz Carlton's, Four Seasons, 5-star resorts in Hawaii, and the room I stayed in here topped them all. The bed itself is to die for! You can actually buy it at the Home Store in the hotel and I plan on it. I slept better than I ever have before. Everything in the room was top notch, very high quality and great design, just like the entire hotel. I haven't stayed at the Venetian or Pallazo yet, so I can't compare. I am staying at Caesars now, and my room at the Encore was vastly superior in every way. The Encore is more expensive per night Han the other hotels on the strip, but you get what you pay for. You owe it to yourself to check it out at least once.
4	First time @ Encore. Usually stay @ Bellagio. Encore's room is nicer and larger than the B's brand new rooms. Encore's location is not as good as B's but it's a nice change of venues. The hotel and service were above average. On par with B. The valet service is dismal at both places. Hard to believe that these people work on tips. Got a free buffet and thought Encore's was slightly better than B's. Poker room is also a bit friendlier than B's. However, no limit games at all here. B has all games of poker. Poker rate, though no bargain any more, makes B a better deal unless Encore come up with a good promotion as they did for my stay in July.
5	An elegant option while you are in Las Vegas, the Encore seems much more 'intimate' than the next door Wynn.  Though you still get the normal influx of visitors Thu-Sun, no matter the time it seems like the Encore is much less crowded than the Wynn.  You still get to enjoy the Wynn amenities with the two being connected and just a short walk away, but if you are looking for a little less crowd and a little more elegance the Encore is the place to go.  Loved our stay and it has now turned in to our 'go-to' Vegas hotel - hands down.
4	We stayed at Encore this past weekend and had an amazing time, service was outstanding from registration to the concierge. On the Encore side of things the highlight for me was definitely the European pool, its a great atmosphere and we could have stayed at the pool for days. As for the Wynn, it was equally awesome. We saw La Reve and loved it and the service at the Country Club for dinner was outstanding. Our server was Cyrus and we loved him, definitely ask to be in his section if you go there. We got a great deal on our room, the only downside is that drinks and food are very expensive every at both hotels, not just in the restaurants but at the convenience store and by the pool too.
5	Took mom to Vegas for her B-day and I couldn't have picked a better hotel!!! We reserved the resort suite and it's exactly as shown in the website. http://www.wynnlasvegas.com/Rooms/EncoreTowerSuites/TowerKingSuiteThe room is about 750-800 sq ft so it's more than enough room for 2.Great staff and the entrance into the elevator is guarded and they do check room key so it's safe.  If you are going to Le Reve, it's really a short walk. The pool is AWESOME!!  the European pool is topless pool  =P  (def. NOT going with mom... lol!)the food at the hotel is great, I honestly have nothing bad to say about the hotel and the stay here.  Next time I'm bringing my golf clubs!
4	All in all, this resort provided a very enjoyable 3-night stay for me and my girlfriend. Of course, with a place having so much to offer, there are going to be some high-lights and low-lights.The room: We stayed in a Panoramic Resort Room (king bed) located on the 62nd floor. It was probably the most tastefully decorated hotel room I've ever stayed in. Even though the room faced the "wrong" direction (towards the north), it still provided an amazing view. The bed in the room was the best I've ever slept on. The layout of the room is very efficient, but you won't be able to comfortably fit many more than the prescribed number of people in it (as opposed to the Palazzo). Housekeeping was extraordinary; not only keeping the room immaculate, but also finding fun and creative ways of organizing your daily aftermath of Vegas debauchery.The common areas: Absolutely magnificently decorated. As tacky as it sounds, attention was given to literally every inch of this hotel. Throughout our 3-night stay, we constantly caught new details of each area we passed. It is literally unlike any other place I've been and makes the Venetian/Palazzo look like a tacky mess.The restaurants: Ate at the Buffet, Le Cave and Tableau. The buffet is probably the best one you can get in vegas. Le Cave was very mediocre. Sunday brunch at Tableau was the best breakfast I've ever had in my life (no exaggeration). Generally, the prices were reasonable by Vegas standards.The pools: Most of our time was spent at the European pool, which was absolutely great. It has great decor, music, drinks, and a topless-optional policy for the female guests. There is also a quieter family-friendly pool not far away too, which provides a great chance to relax. If you only take one piece of my advice: Avoid the Beach Club like the plague.The clubs: It's a shame; a lot of time/money was obviously put into developing these clubs, but they are managed extremely poorly (especially regarding security). The security at the clubs are either too lax (XS) or downright fascist (Beach Club). If you want to go to either club, read my specific reviews on each in order to know what you're getting yourself into.Le Reve: On this trip, I saw Ka, Crazy Horse, Love and Le Reve. Of the four shows, this one was #3 (Crazy Horse being the best, Love being the worst). The acrobatics were impressive, albeit repetitive, but the story is very simple and, at the same time, hard to follow. It wasn't a bad show, but not worthy of its high price-tag, in my opinion.This resort is truly a gem. However, you'll need to research each part of the resort that you plan to visit, as there is a surprising lack of consistency from one place to the next.
4	The Encore comes in as Wynn's younger, hipper little sister.  Its definitely more modern than the Wynn, but with all the upscale amenities that you would expect from a Wynn property.  Great water pressure in the showers, comfy beds (from what little I slept) and nice views of the strip or golf course.  I recommend getting higher floors to escape the pulsating beats of the clubs below.  The reason for only 4 stars is the lacking customer service.  I don't know about you, but when I go places I expect killer customer service, maybe because I'm in the service industry myself, but NO should never be in your vocabulary when dealing with clientile. We unfortunately lost some stuff and getting it back was a nightmare and hoop jumping, run arounds and the like were enough to get my blood boiling.
4	If it is your first visit to Vegas and you are looking for a typical crazy Vegas experience, you might want to stay somewhere more centrally located on the strip. Although, I may need to take that statement back after the whole Prince Harry fiasco at the Wynn a couple weekends back. This may, actually, now be THE place to stay for a crazy, messy Vegas weekend.In all seriousness,  I loved the Encore because it was slightly off the strip, a bit away from all the action, and I had been to Vegas a million times and just didn't need THAT.  You could obviously still stay here and cab it over to the center of the strip to go out, but if you are trying to avoid that, this is a great place to do it.The rooms are beautiful and spacious but do not be fooled by the word "suite".  We had a "suite" at the Encore and a "room" at the Wynn and the two were pretty much the same, although the room at the Wynn was definitely less expensive.  The bathroom is my dream bathroom. Seriously, one day I want to build a bathroom in my house mirrored after it.  There is a large tub and shower with two sinks and a vanity, and a TV on the wall so you can watch TV while getting dressed.  The toilet is separated within the same room, so you could have someone in the toilet while someone else is doing their makeup.The pool is the best on the strip, especially the European Pool which is 21+. It is a topless pool, but about .005% of the women are actually topless.Super classy hotel.I agree with others that say that it is nicer than the Bellagio, but I gave both equal stars because the Bellagio has that killer location in the center of the strip.
4	I LOVE BUTTERFLIES!!  The whole hotel is decorated in butterflies it's beautiful! I've eaten at Sinatra and it was excellent. If you are looking for a crazy pool party with top talent DJ's this is the place to stay and play. Just make sure you pay in cash at the bar they charged my card at the bar for a bunch of mysterious charges I had to fight later. It's  a great place to visit in Vegas but just beware!
5	This pool is incredible!!! Way better than the pool at the Venetian. The crowd is a lil older here, as is the music that is played, but it is so much more relaxing. I can lay out without feeling like I'm being creeped on from every angle. There is a shade section and a sunny section. The cabanas are two story!! Perfect for a bachelorette party!!
4	This hotel is as high class as you can get in Vegas. Some of the best restaurants and some of the best night clubs in the world are in this hotel. You will not find families with all their kids here, this hotel is for the singles, couples, and married without children folks. XS and Surrender and Encore Beach Club are the night/day clubs here and if you have ever been to any of them you know that they have some of the best parties in Vegas. The amenities at Encore are outstanding, the suites are large and spacious, and the view from the rooms are breathtaking. However, the reason I knocked off one star is because I had reserved a double queen suite for Memorial Day Weekend at least two months in advance, but when I got there to check in they told me they gave my room away and it was "first come first serve". You can just imagine how pissed off I was. I'm not paying $400 per night to argue with the hotel front desk about what I reserved and what they think I reserved. I even showed them the email confirmation that showed I reserved a double queen suite(the regular single queen suite is almost half the size of a double queen suite and costs just $50 less). The girl at the front desk as well as her manager refused to acknowledge that the single queen suite was $50 less and played dumb. After some arguing, I finally convinced them to knock off the $50 per night. At that point it was all about principal. If you are gonna give away my room that I reserved 2 months in advance the least you can do is give me the correct price of the smaller room. For a five star hotel, the front desk employees should be able to recite the pricing on the website from memory. The next day a double queen suite opened up and we moved to the new room. Other than that misunderstanding(it was the busiest weekend of the year), the hotel is top notch and I would probably stay there again just because it is one of the three nicest hotels in Vegas hands down.
5	Still a 5-star experience on our 2nd stay at the Encore. This was our 9th trip to Sin City, so we didn't do the whole shebang of walking The Strip. Been there, done all that-- clubbing at XS, PURE, Tao, Cirque de Soleil shows. This time we chilled and vegetated within the grounds of Encore/Wynn and we were still kept entertained. Steve Wynn must have envisioned to build a city within a city when Encore/Wynn were constructed.At the pool you will see guests who are classy adults. No college kids or spring breakers type! Definitely a nice classy environment. Comfortable and padded sun chairs, complimentary chilled water, and European (topless optional) pool. The servers are always walking around making sure they are available to take your drinks order while lying by the pool.This time round our suite was facing the strip so it was quiet. Last year, we had a pool-facing suite which was also on the same side as XS nightclub and could hear the music thumping from the room. I miss Encore already! Why can't I live the fantasy life of Vegas forever...p/s: See my first review of Encore for a more detailed review.
4	My current favorite hotel in Vegas!  Which makes sense because my favorite hotel previously was the Wynn and Encore is a newer, updated version of it!!!  Maybe because it reminds me of the hotel we stayed at in Paris (Hotel Keppler) but it reads more Boutique Hotel than typical Vegas Strip Hotel.  First of all - guest rooms are right off the lobby entrance, so you don't have to walk 5 miles to get to your room after dropping your car off with the valet.  Ask for a high floor, near the elevator, strip view room and you won't be disappointed.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Az_60nNuh1FH8Ds8oasZjw?select=yhGbLaMTyzlksX0JZtJgdg#yhGbLaMTyzlksX0JZtJgdgFree wifi...pools are beautiful...casino isn't crowded and uber smokey and tables have reasonable limits.  I will admit that I've slept in a more comfortable bed (Aria) and had a bigger and better bathroom w/soaking tub (Trump), but for overall ambience, great dining, and a relaxing room to return to after some shopping or gambling this is it!!!Guaranteed to be back!!!
5	Recently we stayed at the Encore for our first visit back to the Vegas area in about 12 years.  We were pleased BEYOND our expectations of the room, pools, restaurants and grounds. Special kudos goes out to their dinner buffet as the vast variety certainly did not impact the quality.  We were less pleased with the amount of "play time" seen in both the Wynn and Encore casinos, but that's gambling!  The suite with it's ceiling to floor glass looking over the strip and golf course provided outstanding views 24 hours a day.  The large marble bathroom and extensive seating area gave the room that overly large feeling.  As a person who travels extensively for business, it certainly was a pleasure to be in a room that didn't fit the cookie cutter mold of most hotel chains.  It was a bit loud when the Beach Club was thumping away beginning on Thursday afternoon, but it still didn't damper our experience.We got great rates on the room as this trip was planned well in advance, allowing us to take advantage of the 60+ days notice.  Plans are already in the works to revisit Vegas in another year and the Wynn/Encore has already been selected as our destination.
5	Oh Encore... I stayed here on my 10th trip to Vegas, and you are hands down my favorite hotel on the strip! This beautiful hotel is amongst favorites for an older crowd, for its exquisite beauty and elegant charm, and favorites for a younger crowd like myself, for its natural class and convenient location. For a married couple on a romantic getaway, you can relax by the European-style pool with classy adults rather than college kids, also includes a black jack tables for gambling outdoors. You can catch one of Las Vegas' most beautiful shows Le Reve at the Wynn next door. You can eat at various classy restaurants located within both Encore and the Wynn.For a young and fun crowd, you can hit the Encore Beach Club during the day (keep in mind, though you're staying in the hotel, you may still have to pay). If you need alcohol or chasers, there's a liquor store just behind Encore that's walking distance.  It's also next to a Walgreens if ladies need last minute supplies like eye lashes, to-go flats, etc. If you're on a low budget, walk over to Fashion Show Mall and eat at the Food Court, with many food choices that doesn't go over $10. Then, party at night at various clubs to choose from that are just walking distance! No taxi needed.  Surrender, Tryst (at Wynn), and of course, the infamous XS! And the King Suite with an additional bed was actually able to fit 8 people (ladies I mean). - Elegant hotel and rooms- The full customer service- convenient location for the hottest nightlife and day clubs, convenience stores, and the Fashion Show MallStaying at Encore is definitely worth your money and experience in Viva Las Vegas! :)
4	Very good service, outstanding rooms. I was there on business, not pleasure...i promise. I cant speak for the restaurants, entertaining, or pool, just the rooms (for one night). In my opinion, these rooms are better than at the Four Seasons, and half the price.
4	This is my first Vegas trip, and this hotel makes me feel like i'm a potato farmer. We're from Pittsburgh, and we aren't used to how opulent this hotel is. If i had to use one word to sum up this hotel i'd probably use extravagant. There is a plethora of upscale shopping stores like Dior, Coach, and all those other stores that most people just pass right by.  Your wife will love this section of the hotel, so avoid it at all costs.  Odds are, you'll already lose enough at the tables.Just like the other hotels in vegas, drinks and food are expensive.  Ten dollar mixed drinks, and those are the cheap ones.  But i shouldn't have expected any less.  At least the waitresses have unbelievably short dresses.   Sorry girls, you're boyfriend is gonna look. Every time. The rooms are very nice.  We have a wrap around couch in our room, and all of the lights have dimmer switches.  Even the curtains have buttons to open and close them!  Makes me feel like Burt Reynolds, or something. If you have a budget don't come here.  But if you wanna make the most of your Vegas trip then book a room today.And stop by the circus circus to laugh at how terrible it is.
5	It's all suite. The room me and my boyfriend stayed in for 3 nights was beautiful. with a nice view of the golf course and downtown. the minibar was neat but they have sensors and if you touch anything there they will charge $25... this is the worst i can say about this place. walk through the shopping stores and you will find yourself entering Wynn, the Wynn brunch buffet was totally awesome! this is the place for breakfast lovers! i recommend it to all. but it's very pricey especially on the weekend. make sure you're hungry!VERY IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR DRINKERS!!!  free booze if you gamble. if you just stay at their bar, my bf ordered bloody mary and i ordered mojito they charged us $28 for both. and when we were playing the penny slots they served alcohol for free! lol! free booze even if you just pretend to gamble! very important information!the pool area was a great place to chill and just relax and enjoy your stay. the hotel is located across the fashion mall, treasure island, and venetian/palazzo. it's at the end of the strip... the advantage... no traffic!!! it only takes about 30 - 40 mins to walk the whole strip (one-way) good exercise!!!SERVICE IS GREAT!!! this is one of the priciest places to stay in Las Vegas but if you ever receive complimentary room offers... better take advantage (like i did for our 3-night stay) because it's $299+ a night! AND AN HONEST ADVICE... Encore IS MORE LIKE FOR ADULTS. I DIDNT REALLY FIND ANYTHING ENTERTAINING FOR KIDS. BUT CIRCUSCIRCUS IS JUST A COUPLE BLOCKS AWAY :)LASTLY.... THE SUITE ROOMS ARE SO EFFIN' AWESOME! I CANNOT COMPLAIN! JUST DON'T TOUCH THE MINIBAR IF YOU DON'T WANNA GET CHARGED EXTRA!
5	Just finished four spectacular day's at Encore. My husband and I stayed at Encore from Thursday to Monday. This was our first stay at a Wynn property. Previously we have stayed at Belagio,The Hotel at Mandalay and Palzazzo. This was by far our favorite. Everything from restaurants to pools were excellent. We did venture over to a few other hotels Fri and Sat night but we were very glad to be returning to the serenity of the Encore.
3	The most beautiful hotel I've ever stayed in by far. But the casino is S M A L L  and walking back and forth to the WYNN, where it's more lively, gets tiring.
4	My boyfriend and I were treated to a Las Vegas graduation trip by his parents. They love the encore and we were given a choice of the Wynn or Encore. The encore rooms looked more aesthetically pleasing so the encore it was.Room: I really enjoy how theres a wall dividing the living area and the couch area. Its like you have a really cozy suite as compared to Caesars where its one gigantic room that needs more furniture or the Palazzo where you have a "suite" but no room dividers. 2. The couch is incredibly comfortable. I could sleep on that thing. 3. They have a light/drape control on your nightstand that turns on/off the lamps/ceiling lights in the foyer, living area and suite. The lamps also have their own on/off button so you can really decide to your preference how bright you want your room to be. Note: gotta hold it till it turns all the way on or off. 4. The television swivels so you can watch on the couch or in bed. 5. Privacy button is also on the nightstand control so you dont have to get out of bed to prevent the maid from coming in. 6. Room is probably decorated the best out of all the hotels ive been in so far. Very modern and comfortable. 7. Television comes with a channel guide on the television telling you whats on and also a little paper one telling you which channels are which #.Bathroom: Shower has an extra showerhead you can pull out. Theres one normal overhead and one you can control. Convenient for rinsing off after a bath or from the pool. 2. Middle of the sink is a makeup mirror and a stool underneath. Its a space saving way for them to have a vanity. Extremely convenient. I love it when they have vanities in the room. 3. Bathroom amenities include: the usual lotion, shampoo, conditioner, hand/face soap, bath soap, shower cap, qtips along with the not as usual shower gel, shoe polish/buffer, nail filer, round makeup applicator pads. 4. I forgot makeup remover so i just used those and rubbed some face soap on it and it worked like a charm. 5. Television in bathroom can be viewed very well from the shower and also from the tub. 6. Bathrobes provided. I wasnt that fond of them. Theyre like silk or something on the outside and towel on the inside making them hard to put on. My arm would get constantly stuck in the sleeve.
5	After staying at Wynn, I got an invitation to come back and stay at there new hotel Encore and the rates were cheaper then the usual $179 daily rate at $119, so I couldn't resist and booked it right away. I heard the Encore was suppose to be a notch above the Wynn and as always Steve Wynn outdoes his previous resorts and it definitely shows with Encore. This hotel fits the definition of class and elegance! There was nothing I could fault with the design and style and the service from the staff is 5 stars all the way just like the hotel. Valet and bellman were very professional and gave us information about the new Encore being a 5 Star hotel and information about dining and nightlife. Our room was at the top of the hotel just below the expensive suites and had an amazing view of the the Wynn sign just by our room window and the top of Treasure Island, Mirage and the view of the Palazzo pool.The difference between Wynn and Encore is the Encore is an all suite hotel just like THEhotel at Mandalay Bay. Our room was very spacious with the living room and L shaped couch, floor to ceiling windows, 1 big flat screen TV that can rotate to the bedroom and living room and a mirrored wall makes the room look much bigger. I'll admit walking back to the hotel from the strip can hurt your feet but after visiting the other hotels around the center strip, it just feels like you've entered another world much different then the crazy strip full of tourists and some drunks. The atmosphere here is calm, relaxing, upscale, heavenly and the clientele are well mannered, educated and trendy.The pool area is smaller then the Wynn's pool but it gives you that intimate feel and they have a European topless pool behind the regular pool. The Parasol Up and Parasol Down Bar was great to just have a cocktail and do some people watching also at night you have a great view from the balcony to watch the lake show. I haven't tried Surrender or XS yet. Restaurants here are not cheap except for the drugstore cafe and the buffet but you have other dining options such as the Fashion Showmall food court and the Denny's is just walking distance north of Encore with a CVS. I'll admit Encore is not cheap but it's nice to just spoil yourself once in a while. I would definitely stay here again or to just walk around to the Wynn complex and just spoil my senses.
1	Truly amazed at all the positive reviews, the customer service here is ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE. I asked the concierge desk a question and he informed me that their services were for guests only. I told him that I was indeed a guest at which point he asked me for my room number and photo ID. When he confirmed that I was a guest he absolutely couldn't hide his shock and amazement that a lower class citizen such as myself was a guest of their hotel. I'm not sure what about my appearance made him assume I could not afford to stay there. I seem to dress up to par with social standards-clothing from reputable stores and brands and not riddled with holes or stains. I am a working professional, I assume I make a good amount more than him since HE IS A CONCIERGE AT A HOTEL, HE DOESN'T OWN IT! It wasn't this single concierge either, the female concierge next to him with curly hair was glaring at me and rolling her eyes  for the entire conversation. For some reason that bothered me more than the conceirge that was making a point to insult me. Besides poor customer service my room had a strange smell, my floor smelled like marijuana, and the walls were paper thin. We tried to eat at the resturaunt Allegro but our waitress took 30 mins just to come back with our drinks and take our order so we left. Because we had such a bad experience we spent most of our time away from the hotel to avoid the snotty attitudes. I filled out the questionaire and have not received a response. I'm considering emailing them but I'm assuming it is useless. I wasted a lot of money on this place, all I can do is warn fellow Yelpers not to do the same.
3	Due to the reputation of both the Wynn and Encore, when I was booked into the Encore for a work conference in Vegas, I was looking forward to my stay.  Upon arrival I was very impressed with the design of the Encore.  The lobby is very luxurious and you certainly feel you're mingling with the upper crust of society.  The guy checking me in was really nice, however, he kept asking me if 'anyone else' was going to be coming up to the room and should he leave a key for my room for 'any evening guests.'  I think he brought it up four different ways which I kept trying to make it clear that no, I had no plans of anything kinky and that I would be the only one using the room for the duration of my stay.  Felt very awkward after the third time.Got up to my room and it was probably just a standard suite.  It was nice, but I think the Venitian feels more luxurious.  It felt pretty cold compared to the warmth of the lobby.  Very neutral and not really anything cozy about it.  The bathroom has a really nice layout.  Didn't like the door to the shower, but love the seperated toilet.  The mattress was comfortable but didn't like the pillows.  Living area was pretty much a window with a nice view of the rest of the strip.  Biggest beef with the hotel is that after dinner, I thought I'd go relax abit in the hot tub and came down to find out that the pool closed at 8:00 PM.  What?  Is that really their hours or was it just because I was there in April? I couldn't tell.  Nice place but on my budget, I'd rather stay at the Venetian.
5	There isn't anything about the Encore I don't love. FYI, im a huge hotel snob. It's five star all the way. There is a huge variety for dining. The lobby is very luxurious with alot to do and see. Many bars, piano bar, lounges, sushi bars etc. restaurants galore! Shopping everywhere! Amazing views of all kinds... From statues and sculptures to waterfalls, fountains , gardens etc. the rooms are very clean and super nice. Everything is five star. The beds are super comfy. The staff is friendly. The casino is nice. Not to packed and not to dead. I love this hotel and it is actually one of my favorites in Las Vegas. Will definitely be back to Encore! Highly recommend.
4	Now this hotel has swag!  The suite was spacious, well appointed and clean, very clean!  The bathroom was huge, very sleek and modern.  What I loved the most about the room was the bedside remote that could control the lights, the blinds and privacy settings, which displays your preference for maid service on the outside of the door.  I loved that feature!  I need that at my house.  "Lights on, lights off, shades down, shades up", all from my bed!  The only downside of this hotel is the location at the northern end of the strip.  Overall, my experience at Encore was lovely.
4	Hubs and I stayed at Encore for my 30th birthday. We got an insane deal through Southwest airlines - and after dealing with Southwest (never again I swear) we were ready for some posh accommodations and some quiet.Well, Encore is the party hotel version of the Wynn. The crowd is younger and expect lots of bachelorette/bachelor party groups. Seriously, as we turned the corner to head down the hallway to our room, a group of drunk girls were racing each other down the hallway - screaming and giggling and falling down...We had a bachelor party next door...yay us. Luckily we really weren't in the room much and were drunk enough to pass out without being too bothered by the ruckus.  The service is outstanding - every detail of the hospitality side is immaculate. We stayed in a base-level room on the 25th floor, facing the strip - lovely views. The room was nice but one MAJOR gripe about the design.The bathroom is nice with a large, heavy door separating it from the hallway. However, the bathtub has a paper thin sliding door next to it that opens into the bedroom. Sexy, yes...unless someone needs to go number two. You can hear EVERYTHING that goes on in that bathroom. The echo off the marble floors and walls (and no fan to cover sounds or remove smells) makes it all the way to the sitting area. You'll be tempted to send your partner off with a twenty dollar bill to have some privacy!Our favorite thing about staying here was the European pool. No charge and no kids! :)Otherwise, we were treated very well here and were happy to get to experience the legendary accommodations of a Wynn hotel.
4	What an amazing couple of days!!We were given a promotional stay at the Encore for $110 a night (mid-week) and it included 2 tickets to Le Reve and a Buffet Breakfast or Lunch.For the price we paid the stay was amazing.  Just for signing up for their red card (5 years ago) we have been given promotional stays once a year.  It's totally worth it for a couple who need to get away for a couple of days.Also, going to Vegas mid-week is the way to go if you want to avoid the following:TrafficCrazy Young people Drunkardsetc...The room was immaculate and spacious, through the promotion we ended up with a king suite which had a gorgeous view at the 32nd floor.  It had all the amenities including free wi-fi (big plus).We also had a massage in the Spa, and WOW!!  rated best spa in the world 2012 in Forbes travel magazine, and you can see why.  With beauty at every corner and the smell of lavender throughout the spa, it is completely welcoming and extravagant all in one.  Although, the treatments aren't cheap the massage was amazing, by far the best massage I've ever gotten.I don't recommend eating at the Wynn or Encore because it is just ridicoulsly priced.  That's why I didn't give it a 5 star rating.  There really wasn't anywhere cheap or quick to eat at.  We ended up paying $100 for a late night meal consisting of 1 hamburger and a penne dish with one tea and one beer.  So get your eats elsewhere.But all in all really enjoyed our stay and
4	My wife and I came here for our Anniversary.  We wanted to live it up for once at Las Vegas vs. saving money and staying off the strip.  So we tried it and we're happy we did.  It's right off the strip so the location is perfect.  But it's at the end of the strip and it takes forever to reach the strip - No escalators like Bellagio.  There's a lot of wasted space which caused my feet to be sore just from walking around Encore and Wynn.  As you can expect with a 5 star hotel, everything is ridiculously over priced.  They badly need more waiters/service staff there for the amount of guests.  We did enjoy all the pools and the fresh scent within the property.  The rooms were excellent with a living room area separate from the bedroom.  The view was phenomenal.  I would stay there again if I won the lottery or received a large inheritance.
2	We just spent a 3 day weekend "splurging" at Encore, and although I had a nice weekend, I'm disappointed in Encore.For the price the quality was not there.  The food was bad.  For the price it was shameful.  If I'm going to get a $20 plate of eggs, they should not be a. cold, b. not what I ordered, and c. the hashbrowns shouldn't be a dried up casserole cube of apparently frozen product.  The vegetarian options (I'm lacto-ovo veg...a reason I chose the hotel) mainly contained Gardein processed, packaged fake meat instead of carefully prepared fresh, whole foods.  This, IMO, is like serving Oscar Meyer slices on the meat-eaters' fine dining menus.  I was stunned that it was impossible to find a decent pastry in the morning.  What they were selling looked like the oversized, dry muffins and croissant that you'd get at a Starbucks at an airport in the midwest.  They looked so nasty we left without ordering.  I can't think of another top end casino that doesn't have a fancy patisserie.   Room service was OK:  nice servers, boring menu with mediocre food, a little slower than promised.  We requested a glass of half-and-half for coffee in the a.m. with our dinner order.  When it didn't come with our order, they told me that they don't carry it.  Seriously?There was a surcharge for everything, and I found this sort of insulting.  You pay a $25 resort fee, and the only amenity that seemed to come with this extra fee was access to the gym.   The card that described the benefits of the resort fee, also listed internet access...for another fee of $14.  Clearly they have a different idea of what "included" means than I do.  For breakfast at the cafe, there were a dozen or so meals listed under the big heading $18, but after fully half, there was fine print telling you how much to add if you ordered that selection (And I'm not talking about adding the shrimp or whatever.  It was a scam to make you have to do the arithmetic to get a price.)  We went for a drink at the Parasol bar.  Lagavulin scotch was $18.  I was surprised since that's only a little more than it is most places.  But the fine print was that any of the spirits ordered as a shot, neat, or on the rocks would be subject to a $3.50 surcharge....which left us wondering, how else does anyone order aged scotch?  The bed was so comfortable.  I think this was the highlight of the trip for me.  I thought the rooms were not attractive.  It felt like I was in a leasing office for a condo development.  The view from our room was of construction, Circus-Circus, and a seedy little end-of-the-Strip strip mall.  I may sound like I'm just being cheap, but we went prepared to spend a lot of money to have a high quality experience.  I'm annoyed because I feel like we spent a lot of money for an experience that would have been surpassed for half the price at the M.  Likewise, we've spent similar money on the room and far less on dining and fees to have a much, much, much higher quality experience at Caesar's.  In the future, I'll return to these places andI won't be back to the Wynn/Encore.
4	Best of the best. Only con is the abysmal valet service which is the case in  all the 5 star hotels  I've been in.
5	The check-in/out folks were awesome.  Very personable and very nice.  Five stars of that experience.  We had one of the king suites on the 34th floor.  It was nice and there is nothing much to complain about except in our room, there was some gooey sticky stuff on the door.  I should've told them about it but I didn't so it's my own fault but it wasn't bothering me at all.  I just think they should have some sort of check system for that.  The suite is smaller than in the Venetian but it's about par as far as amenities and comfortability goes.  I liked the ambience of the hotel, too.
5	Stayed at Encore Tower Suites for 3 nights in parlor suite. What an experience. Apart from private enterance and exclusive access to hotel, room was amazing. We were on 18th floor. Rooms are immaculate and exquisite in all aspects. Room service was superb.Essentially you get pampered like a king. This will be our to go hotel in Vegas.
5	Wow!! my boyfriend booked a suite for just the two of us! and boy it was soooo divine! from check in, to walking to the elevators, to up the elevators, to the beautiful hallways, and to OUR ROOm!!! The decor is amazing! King size bed! never wanted to leave bed. sofa and a whole diff room. (look online if you want to see how it looks) but it will not diasspoint you! Bathroom is crazy!! you even get your own bath scale!It was the best hotel we stayed in thus far! 2nd would be venetian!
5	My boyfriend and I stayed here for Thanksgiving for the first time this year. We got bumped up to the top floor (63rd) facing the strip. The room was absolutely stunning-- we didn't feel guilty about spending time in it. Very relaxing. All of the workers in the hotel always had a smile on their face, and were happy to answer questions. Can't wait to stay here again in the future.... wouldn't go anywhere else!
5	So pleased with everything about this place. From the spotless rooms to timely customer service, I was never once let down. Staying at my share of places, I usually expect one or two things to be off. Either the room isn't 100% clean or it takes staff 2 hours to bring something to your room. None of that here!Got a king suite and it was spotlessly clean from top down. The sheets impeccable. Even asked for a humidifier and got that in 30 minutes. Stayed on the 60th floor and it was extremely quiet. No waking up at 5am to dunkards stumbling back to their rooms. Not a sound from anyone around and I slept like a baby. It's definitely one of the higher priced hotels on the Strip but it's worth every penny. If you are looking to chill in your room, I'd save up and come here.
4	My husband and I wanted a weekend getaway from L.A. and since we haven't gone to Vegas in probably about 3 years, we were itching to go.  Our first thought was to stay at the Aria since we had a great experience there but decided on Encore instead.  So very, very glad we did.From check in, we were greeted with the most hospitable staff.  We stayed on the 37th floor which offered a fantastic view of the strip.  The room was comfortable and the bed even more so.  I was so happy with our stay that if it was not for the upcoming work week, I most likely would have requested another night or so.  I was in search of something that may need improvement and only found one: we had 2 bathrobes which we took advantage of.  I thought it was absolutely soft and smooth while my husband DISLIKED (and I mean disliked it).  Which made me wonder what planet he was from?  After inspection, the interior of the robe he was wearing felt like sandpaper.  I'm guessing they may have ran it into a dryer when it wasn't suppose to.  Anyhow, this was the only downside.
1	Usually love to stay here but not this time.  I reserved two rooms, one for myself and the other for my brother.  When I checked in, I added his name and told the receptionist that he will be paying for his own room.  My card got billed for his room even as we were going up the elevator.   I called Front Desk to dispute, talked to the manager, Lemual and he had the audacity to say, " I will TRY to get this resolved".  Huh?  They already have my brother's card and they billed my card so I would term this as double billing and he will "TRY" to get it resolved?  Then he had the audacity to tell my husband that this is not a reflection of the hotel!! ??  Every employee of the hotel is a reflection of the hotel when they are working in the hotel.  I used to love the Encore but this really has left a bad taste in my mouth.  The error did get resolved, but not by Lemual, the manager, but by a very nice professional young lady at the front desk, Liz.  Don't know how Lemual got to be manager but he desperately needs customer service retraining.  His attitude gives Encore a bad name.
1	I'm actually staying here right now and super upset, it's about 1:00am and for the past hour, have been hearing bumping bass music on the 18th floor from the night club below. I tried complaining to the managers who said they would do something about this but the music was still too loud. undoubtedly, not what you'd expect from a hotel of this reputation and especially with the amount of money i'm paying. they should notify the guests or have made better sound proofed glass windows or get the club DJs to turn the bass down. it is not acceptable and the management did not seem to know how to appease the guest either. do not recommend this stay and definitely won't be coming back here! so upset!
5	Husband and I stayed here for Thanksgiving and through the weekend.  I think we may have started a new family tradition!!  I have had the most wonderful, pampered time staying here.  From the moment you walk into their Hotel your senses are aroused by this beautiful fragrant air. We stayed in suite 6235 with a panoramic view of the Northern part of The Strip. You walk into the Foyer... there is a Foyer!  The HUGE bathroom has a toilet closet, dual sinks, a lighted magnifying mirror, super large tub and a glass enclosed shower.  2 comfy and soft bathrobes, a weight scale, hair dryer and the best smelling bath wash, conditioner and shampoo.  There is also a large closet with drawers in the closet of the hallway.  The windows were floor to ceiling in the livingroom area.  The livingroom also had floor to ceiling mirrors and a comfy couch with an attached chaise lounge.   There was a big screen tv in the room divider that swiveled into the bedroom area.  The bed was large, the mattress (which you can buy) was so comfy, plenty of pillows and a comforter/duvet.  On the side table there was a console where you can control the lights, the blackout shades for the panoramic view and the sheer curtains as well. Staff was very nice and so good!!  One gentleman had pressed the elevator door for us and held it... he just saw us walking down the hallway.  He didnt ride with us, he just called the elevator and waited.  Very cool!  We toured the resort but the pool was closed for the season.  The Spa looked great.  One of the clubs had a line and from teh looks of it it looked like Prom.  They looked so young! haha  I played slot machines and I had won and then stopped.  I used our room card to gained points and I received a free buffet!  (WHICH WAS JUST AS AWESOME!!!!!!!)  The location was towards the end of The Strip.  but it made it easy for when you take a cab back to the hotel by not using The Strip.  It was also across from Fashion Show mall, so we were able to join in the frenzy of Midnight shopping Thanksgiving night.  Didn't buy anything because why bother spending money on shopping for Christmas gift and not use it for fun in Vegas!  Encore was and so far is my favorite place in Vegas!!  Can't wait for next year!!!
4	Hmm where to start? I really like the hotel/casino but can't stand the walk back and forth to the Wynn for additional/better food options. The rooms are okay nothing special compared to other decent rooms on the strip (like even at Trump). A few things annoyingly stuck out - the towels were horrible and the TV in the bathroom did not belong hidden behind a frame that didn't fit. Other than that the service was really good - I didn't know that these hotels have something like a 15 minute window to fulfill various room requests. I had view of the strip which was really nice as well.
4	Gorgeous hotel and the room are HUGE.  We came xmas eve/xmas day on a special.  My partner got a letter with a great offer. 299.00 for 2 nights, 2 tickets to Le Reve( premium seating), and 2 buffets( breakfast or lunch).  When I booked, I asked if the special was available during xmas and was told Yes.  I was happy to see a 96.00 food credit because we were charged 50.00 for xmas eve dinner.  I don't agree with the resort fee since we didn't partake in anything else except for the internet.  I would have just rather paid the internet fee.  I had a small issue with not having our room cleaned, but everything else was good..   My partner was thrilled that her name showed up on the tv screen. We did have an issue with the a/c.  we turned it to 65, but it barely cooled the bedroom party of the suite.  We both slept nakey, because we were so hot.
5	Just love Hermes Store here lol
5	Excellent hotel!   Especially love the pools here during the Summer months.  The Spa at Encore is much larger than the Wynn.  Great place to chill and relax before a nice dinner at Botero.
5	We stayed in the double king suite with a panoramic view.  It was amazing!  The room was so spacious.  We had two sofas, 2 king beds, several small tables, a large desk, and a huge bathroom with shower and soaking tub.  It was the perfect place to crash after goring on food and falling into multiple food comas.  The beds were really comfy.  The panoramic view was really nice.  We really felt VIP staying here.
4	Encore is pretty much a new extension of the Wynn.  That being said the suites at Encore are appointed in what I would call art deco and have a more modern feel. Other than that everything is the same as the Wynn. Once again if you dont find a good deal it is pricey to stay here.
1	I would not recommend this place,  it has a premium price for a motel 8 service,  the room is nice but  the restaurant at the lobby is over price and you will get sick, you better off eating and staying somewhere else
3	We stayed at the Encore on our recent trip to Vegas.  It is a very large hotel and I get overwhelmed in malls/Ikeas easily so perhaps this wasn't the best choice for me.  But anyway, when we checked in I mentioned it was my fiance's birthday.  The two women who checked us in (one was in training), Shaily and Ashley, sent up a box of chocolates later to say happy birthday! How nice is that!  They offered us a room upgrade for $30 per night and we took it.  Our room was large and had a decent view (although not amaaaazing) so I am overall glad we went for it.  I also liked the features for turning on/off the lights.  It made the hotel room feel very modern. The gym is smaller than I expected it would be.  It is also a little confusing to find.  I got confused by the spa and how the outside of the gym looks a little too fancy to be the gym.  Also, the Encore just feels like a hike from other things on the Strip.  I know it is all relative and it is really close but perhaps it was the cold weather that made me feel like a 4 yr old asking "are we there yet?"Last time we stayed at Treasure Island and I think overall that was a better experience.  I felt more comfortable given the size of TI v. Encore and I even liked the gym more.  I don't think we will stay at the Encore again.
5	Stayed in September 2012.  Always enjoy the Encore.  Room is always quiet and has a great view.  Housekeeping always keeps the room clean.  Spa is wonderful also, Lisa V gives the best Good Luck Rituals!  Actually first thing I book after room.  Restaurants are pricey as other yelpers state.  Society Cafe has great meals though. I think I've always had good service staying at the Encore.  I can't wait to go back!
3	It is always true that you get what you pay for!  Encore at Wynn is pricey, but for such an undoubtedly luxurious, gigantic hotel in Las Vegas, the price seems right!  $220-ish per night for a king suite from Dec. 23-26; good price, wasn't it?  The room was nice and spacious, and i loved the complimentary bath robe that was super duper soft and cozy!!  However, check-in service was slow and took us no less than 30 mins to wait in line and check in, which was frustrating.  Anyways, Encore by far is not my favorite hotel (Aria is....) but it is not bad at all and definitely worth the price if you can find some great deals online!
5	This hotel is probably the cleanest, nicest, and well decor-ed hotel my husband and I ever stayed at. We booked this hotel through a travel agency, and we did get a lot of discount. Because we paid much less than the regular price, we weren't really expecting the nicest room. However, we did ask the girl at the front desk if we could get the highest and quietest room possible. She replied that we already had the highest and quietest room available. It was nice to hear because we were ready to tip her $20 for upgrading our room. (We heard about the trick..but we didn't end up trying it). There are I think 63 floors total, and we stayed at the panoramic room on the 62nd floor. The windows were toward the other side of the strip, but we still got a nice view, and the floor was definitely quiet compared to the lower floors. The bathroom is roomy and clean, with all the necessary amenities for free. The room itself is extra spacious and their bed is SUPER comfortable. Their pillows feel like heaven. I almost wanted to purchase them if I could, and I think you could if you ask. There was a minibar in our room that had small bottles of alcohol and soda cans. Be  cautious- they cost maybe 5 times the regular price outside, but if you feel lazy or too thirsty, go for it.. just remember the 60 second rule, if you remove a certain merchandize(candy, soda.. etc) for more than 60 seconds, they will automatically charge them under your room number.Their Casino is very modern and clean. We were mostly playing at the Wynn Casino, so I can't really review on the Casino here at Encore- I bet they're close to the same. Just by glancing, there were more tables over at the Wynn, and that's where most people play. The check out was smooth, gave us plenty of time to get up and pack our luggage..  We loved our overall experience here at Encore.
3	Stayed at the Encore over the Holiday weekend and was not that impressed.  It's true that the sister property of the Wynn is the fancier sister.  The casino was much nicer than the one next door with everything in a red color theme.  Overall was not that impressed with the room we stayed in upstairs. Perhaps it was because our room was close to the service area and early in the morning we heard the service workers preparing their carts.  The walls just seemed too paper thin for my taste.  Otherwise it was very nice inside with all of the usual amenities.  The size of our room was larger than the usual Las Vegas Strip room with a big large screen TV that was  on a pivot hinge that allowed us to point it toward the seating area or toward the bed.  I also liked the floor to ceiling window with a view down the Strip.  That was a very nice feature.  But overall my rating was just OK.
3	Something is amiss in the land of Wynn. The perfectly run hotel is no longer perfect. Disappointing return trip. Errors  made with our reservation, lots of I am so sorry, we will fix it, so glad you informed us so we can remedy the problem.  It seems the staff has memorized the lines, but that is all. Room is beautiful. Get even numbered room if possible. Faces Strip and golf course.
5	Love this place! its a Steve Wynn hotel. Need i say more?
4	Came here for Halloween and it was pretty fun. Hotel is legit, checkin/out was a breeze and got a great view of the Strip. Got a free buffet and access to Tryst so can't complain. The hotel overall was one of the best I've stayed at and I will most def head back here again.Only downsize is that they charge a 'resort fee' of $25 per person for free wifi access and other amenities. This is pretty normal at high end hotels but uhhh I can't get ANY access AT ALL!!Total waste but I was never in the room enough to care for the exception of morning and I was looking for a good lunch spot (can't do that here, thank god for smartphones).Def look for deals before booking, theres always a deal for Encore.
5	This hotel is first class all the way.  Clean, elegant, and the people there treat you incredibly well.  Concierge service is second to none.  All you have to do is ask, and they're able to help you with whatever you need.  Maps, tickets...they will do their best.  Room was on the 62nd floor, panoramic King Suite...just perfect.  Steve Wynn does it the right way.  I'm forever loyal to the Encore and Wynn.  I will not stay anywhere else.
5	Definitely my favorite hotel in Vegas.  I don't stay there every time I go to Vegas (as it can be pricy) but when I get the chance it's an absolute treat. The hotel inspires me and its amazing what a couple days there can do to uplift me!
5	I consider myself a Vegas expert.  My rating of this hotel includes conflict-management of the staff.  Hotels get complaints hourly, if not every minute.  And being in vegas, controlling the drunk, rowdy, and obnoxious patrons is a handful.  A hotel staff that can immediately respond to your inquiries and your needs - that is a hotel that deserves  5 stars.The room is spacious, chic and modern.  The bathroom is a woman's dream, and the beds are beyond comfortable.  However, what takes this hotel over the top is staff.  Concierge is quick responsive and accomodating.  They speak to you kindly, calmly, and patiently until they accertain what you need and how they can help.During our stay, we had housekeeping enter our room two times while we were in the room, with the "do not disturb' light on.  Clearly, not acceptable.  But upon notifying front desk of the issue, within minutes, the manager called, went through his computer and confirmed a key card entry into our room at the noticed times, and he instantly took care of the situation.  I was impressed by his professionalism, his timing and his character.  He apologized, tried to rectify it, and made it clear that this was NOT acceptable at his hotel.Stay at Encore if you want 5 star experience.
5	"How did we get to XS again? Did we wait long for a cab?""No we just walked downstairs, remember?""Oooohhhhhhhhhhh. oh yeah."Beautiful. Classy. XS. I love Encore.
4	My finace's parents got a free room here and it was beautiful. Modern looking, very clean, great built in tech, and most importantly a very comfortable bed. I wish I could've spent my visit to Vegas there. As far as the rest of the casino goes, it was extremely quite and empty. Not what I was expecting for a long holiday weekend. Maybe it's because it was further down the strip, but I really would have thought it would have been much louder and full.
4	I stayed at Encore for 3 nights. Overall, it was a pleasant experience. Pros: 1. It was a beautiful hotel with a lot of reds and butterflies. The room just looked as modern as you could imagine. The room was large and clean. Even the bathroom had a TV in it. :) One interesting part was that all the food/water provided in the room were placed on some sort of sensor: if the item was lifted for more than 60 seconds then you would be charged. 2. Since the hotel's newer than the others in the strip or they had better air conditioning, the casino in the lobby did not smell as bad as other hotels if you know what I meant. i personally value this a lot coz I physically would feel terrible if the casino smell's bad.3. Encore is connected with Wynn and they have a lot of amazing restaurants and bars to try!Cons:1. I originally ordered a king-bed room on non-smoking floor but when we checked in, we were told the only king-bed room left was on a smoking floor. I did not want to risk it so I ended up with a double queen beds room. As we were told, the hotel room was not guaranteed even though we already paid for it. :(2. Well, so I ended up with the double queen beds room, and unfortunately, the TV in the room was broken. I called the front desk around 10 pm to get it fixed, but after 30 minutes, I was told that they had a lot of requests and could not come to my room to fix it soon. Ok, I accepted the fact that I had to wait until the next day. BUT, around 2:45 am when I was asleep, the front desk called and asked if they could come over to fix TV! Come on, it's 2:45am! Did I really sleep so much earlier than the others!? Anyway, after that, they didn't call anymore and the TV remained broken until I left the hotel.
4	This was my first time staying at this Hotel and it was simply amazing, loved the room and the stores and restaurants and the place itself overall was amazing. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great spot, looking forward to visiting it again.
5	Beautiul hotel or the north end of the strip.  All the luxuries you need spa, restaurants and pools.  Not to mention clubs and casino
5	Stayed at the Encore last weekend with another couple - a grown-ups weekend away from the kids, jobs, etc....that pepper our daily lives.  So, we wanted a classy, escapist setting that would allow us to do just that - escape!We arrived and were offered the option to upgrade our 19th floor king suites to 59th floor king suites - we said, yes, please:)  We had the north strip view of Circus Circus, etc...which wasn't that great.  However, the views of the environs, such as the hills and beyond were lovely.  As a bonus on a busy weekend, these suites were quieter than the ones that faced the south strip.  I'd heard that XS could be heard until the wee hours of the morning, so we hoped to avoid that by going to the 59th floor facing north.  This was a great move, as we heard nothing, nada, zilch the entire stay. Once we explored our suite, we changed at went to dinner.  Sinatra was just off the elevator and we were pleased to be seated promptly for our 8pm reservation.  I will review Sinatra separately, however, our experience there was overall very positive.After dinner, we walked around the casino, and decided to gamble elsewhere, as you don't want to learn a new table game or two with $25/$50 minimums:(After a late night out, we called it a night and retired to our gorgeous suite!  Yet, we awoke about 3 hours later because the room was so darn hot!  I love a cool room to sleep in, but my husband requires it.  He is so hot (pun intended) that he needs a darn good air conditioner!  This one wasn't up to the task. I cranked it as low as it would go - 60 and full fan.  Finally we went back to sleep once it was a little cooler in there.Morning came - and we ventured downstairs to Society Cafe.  A bit of a wait at 11am, but not too bad.  A great breakfast there!  The Apple Pie Sticky Bun was divine, as were the Eggs Benedict.  The breakfast potatoes were OK.  Coffee was wonderful - and we were even able to take a cup to go.We explored the Wynn a bit - window shopped - picked up Le Reve tickets - etc...we met our friends for lunch.  As they were already waiting at Society Cafe, we met them for lunch.  Lunch was even better than breakfast!  The Wagyu Pastrami was so delicious that I was wished we hadn't split it - I wanted it all for myself.  However, the sweet potato fries kept me happy for a while as well.We went shopping at Wynn, did some gambling, stopped for a gelato at Sugar and Ice, people watched, etc...before we went up for a nap.  The room was perfectly cool (thank goodness!) so we napped, took a bath in the fabulous tub and then dressed for a night out.Dinner was at SW Steakhouse at Wynn.  We were really bummed that the patio was closed due to weather - as we booked this restaurant for the water view/show.  However, our disappointment vanished once the food started arriving.  Such an indulgent experience!  Truffles everywhere - wine was flowing - desserts came on trees, etc...We're glad we booked an early reservation as it took a leisurely 2 hours and 45 minutes. After dinner, we had another cocktail at Parasol Down while we watched the water show.  It was a nice treat to see, but I don't think it is worth making a special trip for.  We went to the Wynn theater for Le Reve - as I've seen every Cirque show in Las Vegas, I pretty much knew what to expect.  However, I loved the theater in the round seating that the Wynn has.  And, contrary to some Cirque shows, Le Reve was very easy to follow as the storyline was clear.  A great show.After Le Reve, we went for cocktails at Botero.  This is just down the hall from XS - so I thought it was going to busier than it was - but there were just a handful of tables there.  We all tried cocktails off the specialty menu - some were hits, and some were misses.  We all agreed that the Paloma cocktail was the best of the bunch!  Another late night - leading to another restful stay in our suite.  The bed was quite nice - firmer than I am used to, but delightful linens helped me adapt:)  Alas, it was time to leave the next morning - but I had to take another dip in the tub.  Fantastic!Things that we might have changed:The bedroom and living room should be flipped.  The living room was much cooler than the bedroom.  it should be the opposite.  Plus, the view should be from the bed, we thinks!The light/shades controls should have two locations.  If you're in the living area, you should be able to control things without having to go the bedroom.Overall, we loved our stay at Encore.  Both couples loved having most anything we wanted within the complex, without having to find other diversions.  For couples looking to relax and indulge - it definitely hit the spot.  I also loved the fact that the inclusions that came with our package were automatically removed from the bill.  We didn't have to double check - ask a manager - quibble or grovel.  Our show tickets and dining credits were attended to as if by magic!  Great stay!
5	I stayed at the Wynn some years ago, for work, and loved my stay there, except for the work part.This time I checked out Encore, and this time it was for fun.A well appointed 745 sq ft room.  I love the flat panel tv in the bathroom.The large flat panel in the room swivels, so you can watch from the bed or the sitting area.I could not find the remote for the curtains.  I asked about it at checkout, and was told there's a console that controls the curtains, tv volume.  I just didn't see a console, in three nights stay.The Wynn resort is a class act.  They keep everything up in tip top shape.  From the parking structure, to the entrance from the structure.  This, not the valet area, is where a hotel shows its true colors.What I really didn't like was the blonde older woman at the ticket desk where I picked up my Le Reve tickets.  She was snobby, unfriendly, unhelpful, she made me feel like I was a bother. She should not be anywhere near the hospitality business.  She was horrible.The Wynn needs to have a better variety of food options.  More casual dining, an excellent bakery, better high end restaurants.  Also, it was a nice convenience that the Lobby Bar at Encore (directly next to the guest elevators) serves coffee, tea, and pastries in the mornings.  But the tea was $6.  $6 for hot water and a tea bag.  That's a little over the top in the rip off department.But I love the Wynn.  I love all the big flowers in the carpet and decor, it's my favorite decor of all the hotels on the strip.  And I love that everything is immaculate.  Even the slot machines area, everything is clean and tidy.  Everyone, except for that horrid ticket lady, was friendly and helpful, particularly the woman who checked us in.P.s.  I requested a room with a view of the strip.  We got a room on the 27th floor.  I was advised that you can hear the club (Surrender or XS, one of them) from the room.  I kind of didn't believe it.  Boy was I wrong.  I could hear the bass all the way up there.  But we liked the view, so instead of changing rooms, I just drank heavily at night. Ha.
4	We just got back from Encore today.  It's the twin property there next to the Wynn.  I got a mailer that gave us a nice package deal for about 1/2 price.   Not sure why were were on Wynn's list... but thanks Steve !    I would give Encore a 5 star...but I truly hate the decor in the Casino and main hotel area.   The over the top RED lamps and  light fixtures and other RED gaudy decorations truly made me laugh.   Sorry, but they really look cartoon silly.   Besides that Encore is GREAT.  The suite room was truly a treat.  It felt like a home with comfy couch and desk/office space.  The gym was great... worked out twice.  The Buffet at the Encore/Wynn is top notch ....  Overall a great great hotel.   We NEVER left the Encore / Wynn.... it has everything you need ....but.....I would actually stay at the Wynn next door if I had to choose.
4	Got a deal for Encore where it was 20% off room rates (ended up averaging less than $200 a night) and an upgrade was available to one of their king room suites, which also included 2 free passes to the buffet.  The suite was really nice and spacious with a separate shower and tub, and a TV in the restroom which made it nice to not miss the Oscars while I was showering :)  The casino was very clean, nice and spacious and airy (not suffocating cigarette smells) with lots of selections for fun slot machines (my favorites are Wheel of Fortune and Monopoly!).  Got a view of the northern part of the strip facing Circus Circus which isn't that great of a view but you get really large windows with lots of light coming into the room.  You are not as close to the action in the center of the strip but I didn't really mind since you were able to walk through the Wynn and the Venetian pretty much indoors most of the time.  I think overall I would definitely come back and stay here or at the Wynn because the buffet is AWESOME!  Probably one of the best I've had - we opted to do the breakfast buffet and it was $20/pp.  Not only was there a wide selection (which included a huge dessert bar where you can even make your own ice cream sandwiches) but the quality was up to par which is something you normally don't expect of a buffet.  Overall a very nice experience staying here and will definitely be back.
5	I had the pleasure of staying at the  ENCORE Hotel and Casino on the 5th-8th of February and just love my stay . This Hotel has class written all over it , beautiful decor , my favorit color red all over the place , i was just in paradise . The staff was very friendly and well trained any question asked was answered . I met my host Jannet  Sandor , what a sweet lady and always there when i needed help , they other host were just as friendly . The room was perfect , every thing one would want in a luxurious atmosphere , i was very pleased . I didn't get to play as much as i usually do , i was networking and met many people always a good thing . I ate dinner at SINATRAS , The dinner was fabulous took my pic's and video and enjoyed the delicious meal also got to hear the master Sinatras music , im a singer so the atmosphere was great .I also met a wonderful lady Jen that made the evening even better .The Buffet at the Wynn was also great nonstop good eating , and for Brunch i ate at  Society cafe , i get up late so i like my brunch late , this meal also was great . All in all i hope i get to stay at this wonderful HOTEL again . If you never stayed at the ENCORE its a must stay .
5	My husband and I stayed here back when it first open in 2008, so everything was new! I've had this in my bookmarks for years and I never got around to writing a review until now. I will tell you that the experience here is wonderful! The customer service is terrific and the rooms are out of this world! Aside it being far from the other happening places on the strip, you can take the tram to the main parts of Vegas. I've been going to Vegas every year since 2006 and I can tell you that this place is one of the best hotels to stay at. If you're looking for more of an Old Vegas experience, try the older hotels, but I think old and young people alike can attest that this hotel is immaculate!
4	One of the nicer hotels on the strip. The front desk attendant was very welcoming.  The panorama suite is pretty amazing with views of the red rock mountains to a good chunk of the strip and the plain old airport, as well as a tiny piece of the wynn golf course.Will come again soon.
4	the room was tres nice, although it only had one bed and no fold out. i guess these rich people dont pack 982390483 to a room- although i reckon most asians will agree that thats just NOT economical!the floor to ceiling windows and drapes were breathtaking, as was our view. it was also fun to literally open and close em with the click of a button! neffy and i had fun doing that. the bathroom was lovely. nice water pressure. service was impeccable. all in all, a wonderful experience. although fiance states that the red, dripping chandeliers downstairs remind him of a scary movie.
4	Extremely nice hotel with extremely nice staff.  The hotel itself is much quieter and not as chaotic as some of the other hotels on the strip even though it houses one of the best nightclubs in Vegas, XS.  Probably because it's on the far end of the strip away from a lot of the crazyness.We stayed in a resort suite and it was perfect.  It was like staying in a posh little apartment.. very homey and a great view of the pool and part of the strip.  They offered an upgrade for $20 more per night to a panoramic suite but who wants a quiet view of the mountains?!?  I don't know about calling that an upgrade, but to each his own.  The room had a rotating tv so you could watch from the bed or living area.  Everything is electronically controlled, including a doorbell!  No having to hang privacy signs here.The scale and fancy makeup mirror in our bathroom were broken but they replaced both in a jiffy and then called about 5 times to make sure everything was okay afterwards.  We also told them there was no shampoo in our room and they brought up cute little bags full of amenities.  Very nice!We ate at a couple of the restaurants in the hotel and they were okay.  The downside is there are no quick/casual eats here, only sit down restaurants.  My only other complaint is the $25 per day resort fee.  I know every hotel has a resort fee, but it was such a waste because we didn't use the pool or gym during our stay and the wireless internet was spotty and didn't work the majority of the time.Despite some drawbacks, this is one of my favorite hotels on the strip.
1	I was very disappointed by their service and sanitary. Not appropriate to a luxury hotel. The room was smoked and smelling like dirty feet. Which is definitely a big deal for a nonsmoking person. So were smelling the linens too. I was tired but couldn't sleep cause of the nasty smell they had. The floors and carpets were not clean. Plus our room didn't have slippers. And whenever I needed customer support all their workers were busy I had to hold on very long and waste my time till I was getting to speak to someone. And I bet they were angry and rood cause of the big number of complaints they get. But that's not nice it's not my problem that they can't handle their business. Right? So, long story short I am not going back again. There are many other good hotels in Vegas that will give me better experience then this.
3	This really is a beautiful hotel. I didn't really stay here. I just walked through and wanted to stop at the bar and have a drink. The bartender, Miguel, was pretty annoying. I didn't even enjoy my drink.
5	I just stayed here this past extended weekend (Thursday to Sunday) and had a great experience all around. The rooms were great, plenty of room, very clean, the bed was extremely comfortable, and the iPod home was a nice touch. It also boasted a great view of the strip, with retractable drapes at the press of the button. The pool and hot tub were very relaxing, and the service for every aspect of the hotel was excellent. The Wynn golf course was awesome as well, stunning views, lush grass, and a great finishing hold. This was my first time in Las Vegas and I'm happy to have stayed here. When I come back I will be booking a room here for sure, no need to look anywhere else.
5	easily one of my favorite resorts on the strip.  Very well upkept.  Steve Wynn's attention to detail is not lost at all.  Everything is top notch from the nightclubs to the bars to the shopping to the restos.  And the best part is that all the restos have a vegetarian, vegan, and gluten free menu!  Once I move out of vegas I know this is one of the places I would def get a room at when I visit.
5	Short and sweet. The Encore and Wynn are the best Vegas has to offer!! Beautiful rooms, beautiful people, beautiful shops, beautiful restaurants... Everything is immaculate. Worth the splurge. Walking around the casino makes you feel like a Million bucks :)
5	The Encore at Wynn Las Vegas was an exceptional and memorable weekend stay.  We stayed at the Encore Tower Suites in a Panoramic King Suite.  Room exceeded expectations and was thoroughly cleaned.   The arrival experience was well orchestrated.  The valet attendant welcomed us to the Encore as soon as the car came to park, and the bell attendant immediately took our luggage and escorted us to the front desk. Front desk attendants were genuine and friendly.  Everyone at the property knew the resort, and its amenities.  At the end of our stay, the bellman lost our luggage but retrieved the items within 20 minutes.  Bellmen were friendly and proud to work at the Wynn.  They were not gratuity and transactional driven like other resorts, and spent time ensuring the guest knew the room, and amenities.  One bellman even showed us how to take the perfect picture of the Las Vegas Strip without a flash and glare against the floor to ceiling windows. Room service was quick, and was set up like a meal presentation in a fine dining restaurant.  Within 20 minutes from placing the room service order, the order was delivered and food items to the perfect temperature. Spa was well stocked with assorted juices, fruit, and water.  The Spa at Encore is an impressive facility and takes guest into an escape unlike any other.  The spa was a nice size and included three wet Jacuzzis, showers and sinks fully stocked with amenities, steam room and sauna.  The living room featured televisions, and assortment of magazines.  Service met expectations, and facilities were constantly cleaned.  Hotel came busy at night after 10:00pm with the Surrender nightclub and XS nightclub just a few moments away from the hotel elevator.  During the evening, the music even in the elevator was nightlife like.  If you want to have more of a classic luxury resort experience, I would highly recommend staying next door at Wynn Las Vegas. Overall, I would revisit the Encore Tower Suites.
5	Very rarely do hotels exceed my expectations. The Encore was an exception to this rule. From check-in to check-out, we had tremendous service at every turn. The room was clean, large, and comfortable, with a wonderful view of the strip and sunset.  In-room dining was probably the best I've ever had at any hotel. We ordered four times in five days, and the food was always delicious and the service was always friendly and prompt.We saw "La Reve," for the first time and loved it. Everyone was nice to my three-year-old son. Smiles everywhere. Valet remembered our names. If there was one thing that wasn't incredible, it was our meal at Wazuzu. Service was great. Dining room clean and pretty, and menu was fun, but the food just wasn't the A+ that everything else was on our visit. Very good, but not great, and I would order room service again, rather than eat at Wazuzu again.Still and all, Encore was a luxurious experience, worth every penny. I will definitely return.
5	I've stayed here twice with my gf. The rooms have been nice. There isn't anything to complain about. The standard rooms are spacious, and the desserts at the buffet were good the second time around. The casino was clean, but i want my money back!
3	OK, the hotel is wonderful. The food and restaurants are great. Too old for the clubs! My problem is that the staff only comes in two varieties - extremely friendly and helpful or arrogant and rude. At this level, everyone should be happy clients are in their hotel. Many have talked about the resort fee - it sucks. You get nothing for $28 per each day of your stay. It is going to be a class action law suit someday soon. It is so obviously a gimmick. Everyone complained about this concept and penalty. For gamblers, I can warn you that each of the casino hosts gives you different info. One tells you that you need to earn 3000 points each day to get your room comped, while others tell you it is 5,000 points. The Caesar's Total Reward is much better for those who do heavy gambling. I won't be coming back to a Wynn property - I was there on opening week at Bellagio because I had so much confidence in Steve Wynn, but things have changed. Too bad for everyone. Lastly, I was comped for rooms, but was short changed on food and other charges based on how much I ran though the slots. Yes, if they had given me what I felt I deserved, I would have not left with such a poor taste in my mouth. The person who took care of my comps was the one who insisted that the comp rate was 5,000 points per day, instead of the 3,000 points like I was first quoted by another casino host - please get your stories together!
5	In vegas, anything can happen, even booking a room at 5 in the morning. Everything from the bed to the bath was just what the doctor ordered.The only thing i would ask is that they improve the air quality of their ac, the room is very dry.
4	This and the Wynn are my husbands favorite hotels.They are simply gorgeous in design, immaculate in service, decor, even the air smells expensive.You will find minimal riff raff here, but isn't that part of the Vegas charm?No, well then stay here for a luxurious pampering, great shopping, fine dining.If not, leave your 100 oz plastic cup outside and have a glimpse of what you could be doing instead of puking margarita slushies in the bushes out front.
2	No WiFi on the floor, and expect to pay double in your room for laptop access and mobile phone. Not great for meting with clients at a trade show hosted at the hotel
3	So here is the thing, I have been a regular guest of "Wynnacore" since it opened in 2005. In fact it has been my favorite hotel in not only Vegas, but anywhere. The last visit, however, has made me rethink that. While the hotel is still as beautiful as ever, has the same "Wynn scent" I love so much pumping through the air ducts, it does not have the same feeling of home to it. The guests, while there have always been some idiots staying here are no longer a very small minority. With the opening of Encore Beach Club (this being the first time I have stayed here while it was open for the season), the crowd has gone from fashionable and classy to douchy, trashy, and obnoxious. The first sight I see walking through the front doors is not fellow guests of the hotel or an employee saying hello, but a group of young, loud 20 somethings (could be younger) who wouldn't be out of place on a trashy reality show coming from the day club.  This was par the course for my stay here. Our room while still nice was not up to the high cleanliness standards I have come to expect either.  There was a wet spot my girlfriend stepped in by the desk. I hope that was from someone spilling water and not housekeeping cleaning up vomit or something worse. A light was out, and some furniture looked dusty as well.  That is not acceptable when paying $300 a night.It seems to me that because of the economic downturn, the hotel is going after the club crowd rather than the gambling/luxury crowd.  I suppose the profit margin on charging idiots $1,000 a bottle for Grey Goose is a lot higher than renting out rooms, and if they do get someone who spends the night too, then that is just icing on the cake. I had to think long and hard about what star rating to give Encore. I will always love her and have a place for her in my heart, but I fear that her glory days are behind not forward. Will I go back again, yes but only in off season. I want to love this place. Will this be my go to hotel in Vegas anymore, sadly no.  For the price to stay here, The Mandarin Oriental or Penthouses at Mirage seem to be better alternatives.
5	Very elegant hotel!!
4	Hubby and I had such a great time at Vegas, and this hotel was great! Service was with a smile from everyone (bell hop, to registration, to room service) - everyone was helpful! We were given a strip view for no extra charge, and the room was immaculate! I gave 4 stars because of its proximity on the strip, but it is still an awesome hotel nonetheless. Next time, I'd like to stay at the Wynn so I can compare between the sister hotels!
3	Beautiful hotel. Excellent service. I love that Mr. Wynn is so conscious about health and food allergies. However, I'm extremely disappointed that he has chosen to put synthetic fragrance not only all throughout the lobby, but in the rooms as well. Many people have chemical sensitivities. Synthetic fragrance is toxic. It's a neurotoxin, endocrine disruptive, and causes cancer. I had a severe headache after only 5 minutes in the room. They had to find us a room with less fragrance. And they have no air purifiers! In Las Vegas! The staff was very accommodating, but I won't risk my health by staying there again. Absolutely awful.
4	I've stayed in both the Wynn and Encore - both have their merits and are top class hotels - it all depends on what you want from your trip to Vegas.My most recent visit was at the Encore - I liked that the rooms are more spacious (bedroom with separate sitting area), and overall the hotel is quieter - you don't have to walk all the way through a smoky casino to get to the guest elevators. The pool is also a bit smaller and quieter compared to the Wynn's - I could actually find some shade without having to "rent" it as you do at the Wynn! There are fantastic restaurants and clubs throughout the resort, attentive staff, walking distance to Fashion Show Mall, etc.Why not 5 Stars? I really feel that a 5-Star resort should not charge you daily resort and Internet usage fees - this should be incorporated into the price of your room when paying $200+ a night.  My other comments for improvement: I was staying here for a company retreat. Most people arrived on Thursday morning/early afternoon, and our first event started at 4pm. Given the number of attendees, I felt that as a courtesy to our company the hotel should have ensured our rooms were ready first. The event also included a formal gala, and the staff did not seem equipped to have my gown steamed, nor were the willing to extend themselves to help me out. Thankfully I was able to take it to Nordstrom across the street - they had it done in less than an hour...and for free since I purchased it from them!
5	Amazing hotel, beautiful decor, very well ventilated, spotless clean, delicious restaurants, spacious suites, best buffet, gorgeous spa, luxurious shopping, golf course, night clubs, topless pool... Etc... Probably our favorite hotel in vegas
4	Love this place!
3	The rooms were 4 star as was the service, attentive but not too intrusive.  I was troubled by the boisterous people at nearly every place I went.  One morning when I got up in the morning early for a quiet breakfast before a meeting i encountered a person being mirandized by the police in the lobby bar.  At breakfast i was the only one who had been to bed as far as i could tell.  Another time a group of people doing shots of vodka in one of the main restaurants distrubing nearly everyone around them.   Maybe this is Vegas.  Also there was no place to have a quiet decent drink; the piano bar opened way too late and the smoke at one point slipped into my room (I believe people were smoking on my non-smoking floor).Finally the checkin was a mess; i don't expect to wait 45 mins in a top flight hotel to check in. The excuse I got was 'they have 2000 rooms and everyone comes at the same time'.  I said if it is that predictable then they need to redesign the whole process.
4	Stayed with my husband at the Encore for 4 nights.We stayed in a regular King room on the 56th floor.  We asked for a quiet room and were offered the high floor for an extra $25/night.The room looked just like it does on the internet, but it felt a little tight to me.  Also, like other posters, we had A/C issues having to drop the thermostat to 60 degrees just to get it even relatively cool in there.The bed was not that comfortable.  My bed at home blows it away.But everything else was really nice.  Loved the service, loved the 5-minute walk to the bigger, smokier, more crowded Wynn--why you would stay there over Encore I don't know.  Loved being away from pornslappers and crowds but still in proximity to nice hotels and things to do.  Our room was quiet, and I loved the big swanky bathroom and comfy robes.  In-room Wi-Fi covered under resort fee was fast and worked well, although you do have to re-sign in every day.Used the Encore spa and it was heaven. Hubby liked the fitness center. Spent a day at the European pool which was lively but not a party pool, it was just right.  You do have to get there early though to have any chance at shade or even a chair for that matter.  The pools get crowded quick and stay that way.I agree with the poster who said the hotel needs a nice lounge to have a drink.  The Lobby Bar and Cafe is about the closest thing.  But Parasol Up/Down at the Wynn is nice.  Hubby hates dueling pianos so sadly we never went to the Eastside Lounge.We went to Wynn or other hotels for all dining and drinking but it was nice to come back to Encore.  If it wasn't for the crowds and noise at XS and the Beach Club it would be nearly perfect.The negatives that keep it from 5-stars are the bed, the AC, the resort fee (ridiculous) and on top of that, the $25 upsell just to avoid the noise from the clubs.
5	The Encore is by far my favorite place to spend a weekend on the strip. The casino is very clean and the staff is friendly. They cater to a variety of crowds including the 21-30 year old club types for XS and the day club. There are also many business convention types here and a nice mix of different types of people. There are also normally a fair amount of kids/families here. If you are familiar with the Palazzo rooms, these are very comparable in size. The rooms are bigger & Nicer than Aria's.Don't miss:The Spa. It is absolutely amazing and worth every penny! The buffet. Variety Variety Variety! Who knew they could master so many different types of cuisine?The Pool. Very relaxingLa Cave. Amazing wines and bacon wrapped dates!! The Gardens.
1	Well, I guess a company that ONLY makes money on gambling shouldn't be trusted that much anyway, but now its been proven.  Recently stayed here for a convention.  I forgot a verizon mifi in the room, and called the next day to report it.  I was assured they would find it and get back to me.  Two days later with no return call I contact them again and I'm given the same assurance.  Once again, no return call.  I then find out that the item was indeed found, and has been used since my first call in.This experience had to have involved at least 5 different Wynn employees, all of which are either crooked or dropped the ball.  This was my first time at anything Wynn, and it will be my last.  The resort is nice, but there are places just as nice elsewhere on the strip that are less likely to steal from you.
4	What a night and day difference between some of the other hotels in Las Vegas.  Stayed here a while back and received not only room upgrades, but also free Le Reve tickets.  AWESOME.Encore's got its own tower, casino, and restaurant, but they are all connected to the Wynn.  If you like buffet, you will have to walk over to the Wynn since Encore does not have one.The casino and other facilities are very new and clean.  Makes me feel very welcome.The rooms are kept very new, clean, and all the amenities are also in good conditions.  We were pretty high up, forget which floor, so noise was not an issue.My only compliant is that it is located at the north end of the strip, a little far but not too terrible.My TIP to you, did you know that although Wynn/Encore is advertised as the only 5 star/5 diamond hotel on the Strip, only certain rooms qualifies this rating.  I was told by the front desk when I was asking about upgrades.  So just because you have a room there, doesn't mean that you have a 5 star/5 diamond room.  Something to keep in mind.
4	Great facility, loved the spa, excellent restaurants, nice pools. Room was ok, could be better. $25 just to use the fridge in the room. Bathroom wasn't that great. All staff interactions were pleasant.
4	Nice place to stay, the older hotel/casinos pale in comparison.  We weren't bombarded with slots as soon as we walked in. Sorry to sound like a snob, but the here crowd is a couple of notches above those at e.g. Circus Circus or Imperial Palace.We don't like being lied to or jerked around, which is what happened. We requested a room on the same floor as our friends who arrived the day before, "Nothing is available at this time," we were told. We asked that they try and in the mean time we'd camp out with our friends. An hour later - nothing. After waiting longer, our friend pulled rank and got us a room not only on the same floor, but next door - it had been vacant the whole time!We were in a suite, nice view of not much to the north. Loved the remote control drapes and lamps. Being charged for use of the refrigerator is a cheap shot. Our mattress was lumpy. Housekeeping was impeccable. We left a lot of money on the tables - the dining room tables! There's no bargains eating or drinking. Come on, two drink minimum at the piano bar! They must be dreaming; the music isn't that good (and the drinks ain't cheap)! But all the meals around the complex were perfect.When using a taxi, do NOT us the name "Wynn" for chance of being taken to the hotel next door - just say "Encore." Speaking of being taken by the taxis, watch out for "Do you want to take the quick route or the scenic route?" or "The traffic on the Strip is horrible, shall I take the highway?" Either or variations are a ploy to put more mile$ on the meter. BTW: it is $3 to use a credit card in a taxi; and it is less than $20 from the airport to the Encore.Bottom line: we'd stay again.
5	Encore is one word, AMAZING! Everything about this place screams luxury and it definitely deserves all of its 5 stars. The lobby is impeccable and although less busy than the neighboring Wynn, still has the same red motifs. Hallways are long and wide, and walls are thick enough that I never heard any noises from the neighboring rooms, but the winner is the room itself. It was ginormous and probably bigger than my studio apartment! Everything from lighting to window shades is operated with a remote control found next to one of the most comfortable beds anywhere, and the bathroom made me feel like I was Marilyn, minus the drugs. There are many 5 star hotels to choose from in Vegas, but few come close to this one. For example, even though the Trump across the street is also ranked as a 5 star hotel, it does not even come close to this one and you just don't feel that same level of luxury that you would at Encore. In addition, the buffet, casino, and the clubs at the Wynn and Encore are one of the best in Vegas, so you are pretty much in the center of it all. Although for a popular weekend it may not be worth staying here because of its excessive price, I was able to score a good deal last year on the actual Wynn website (rather than booking through Expedia and such) that also included admission to the Wynn buffet, which is $40 on its own and some specials will even include VIP passes to XS or Tryst, so it may be worth checking out.
1	Customer service is horrible. i have had the biggest headache for 3 days now. The front desk, the front desk manager,and the accounting people. I was charged 150.00 without notice, while checking into the room, for checking into the room. When I walked into my room, the mini bar was locked, and I never had it opened or unlocked. not once. not once did anything get removed from the mini bar, NOR did the door to the mini bar get unlocked for the door to even be possible to be opened!  I was charged 233.45 for using the mini bar though.  Im not sure how they can charge me for somethign that was impossible to use. No Joke... it was not even opened. I even asked that the snacks, on the sensor, be removed, the minute I walked into the room, JUST TO MAKE SURE, that nobody would accidentally knock something off the sensor for too long and me be charged for it.After speaking with front desk, and front desk manager.. they could only say that I signed an authorization allowing them to take my money.  What i dont understand, is how they can take my money and say i used the mini bar, and the mini bar charge is $233.45 but not have any proof of when i used the mini bar... just that i did use the mini bar... or that it is a mini bar authorization. SO CONFUSING!! these people.Then I spoke with accounting, who I was told could send me an email of the proof they had to charge me.After speaking with one person whos first language was not english, and her english was horrible, i asked to speak with another.That person was able to send me an email... the email contained INNACCURATE INFO...soo fkn funny. these peoples proof is wrong. i dont understand how a 5 star resort can operate like this, the email i got showed 150.00 charge, which was the authorization... and then it showed 383.45. which is 150.00 bucks more then what was taken out of my account.  which is obviously the mistake of someone adding the 2 charges together, and keeping the 150.00 charge still on, as if the 150.00 and the 233.45 was not added together. i mean this is just horrible accounting.  They do not have any reason, or proof, that the mini bar door was opened, nor was any alchohal or anythign removed from the mini bar... HECK, i havnt even seen inside the mini bar.  long story short. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE UNLESS YOU WANT TO GET CHARGES FOR STUFF YOU DID NOT USE!!! My debit card is still missing a total of 383.45. nobody, who i speak with, understand that i have not got my money back. and they keep saying they dont know what to do. its fkn horrible!!!
5	Encore is now my favorite place to stay in Las Vegas.  My wife and I stayed here for the first time a couple years ago but on our last visit we moved down the strip to the new, supposedly hottest most cosmopolitan hotel in town. I'm happy to be back at Encore.  Encore has a great brand, and it is luxurious, bright and welcoming.  The location rocks too - proximity to the airport and Las Vegas Convention Center are also excellent. The room is my favorite in town. It is really well designed and furnished, and every detail has been considered - even the thermostat is black against the black wall. Who thinks about buying a thermostat any color other than white?  The controls for the lights and the drapes are on the night table and the bed is really comfortable. My tv swiveled around to the living room area pushed only by my pinky finger. The shower is also a highlight - beautiful with perfect water pressure. I also really like the size of the casino. I find even the adjacent Wynn to be too big, crowded and imposing. The scale of Encore is more intimate, and everything is more conveniently located closer together.  Sure, the food options in particular are limited, yet the additional restaurants, shopping and entertainment options afforded by the Wynn are a short and beautiful indoor walk away.  Even the the taxi lines seem quicker at Encore. I also have to comment that Le Reve remains my favorite show of any sort that I've seen anytime, ever.  Did I mention how much I like the room?
3	I'm a fan of Wynn/Encore but had mixed results this trip. Insufficient bell staff on duty at check in. I am not a fan of rolling bags through casinos, degrades the resort experience.Marijuana cigarette left behind by previous guest in our suite that was missed by the housekeeping department. Slot machines went haywire and had a lengthy wait for hand pay. We will be back but these issues really stand out, especially at a great place like the Wynn where issues like these never happen.
4	Very classy, very nice.
5	I will always stay at the Encore/Wynn properties.  You can't beat them!
3	couple of concern, charging for wifi in Vegas?Then Encore tried to charge me for early checkout. yup, early checkout. Like booking for 3 days, they will charge u the third day even u check out the second day.
5	Haven't stayed at the Encore?  I'd say... Do It!  If you do, ask for a view of the pool. Not only will you get a great view of water and palm trees, but you'll also get a view towards the strip. We were on the 17th floor overlooking the pool and the strip, and it was Awesome.  Once we pried our eyes off the view outside the room, we turned inside and we were impressed.  The room is very large, clean, and comfortable.  Everything is perfectly laid out with a couch and desk near the window, a divider wall, and then the king bed and dressers.  Between the rooms is a big flat screen TV that can be turned to be used in either room.  On the nightstand is a remote control that opens and closes the blinds, and that can control all of the lighting in the room.... nice!Then you move into the bathroom.  Double sinks, large soaking tub, separate shower, and an isolated toilet room.Everything is decorated with a rich feel and in good taste.Outside the room, we found the casino itself to be relaxed and fun.  We don't gamble a lot, but when my wife decided to learn how to play craps, the staff was very friendly and helpful, and we had a great time.Here to relax a bit too?  The pools were great.  They have a family pool, and an adults only pool with a bar and a few card tables under cover.  European Style sun bathing is allowed in the adult pool area.The valet parking and bell staff treated us right, and when we took a cab, there was always one there and available within moments.We really could not have asked for more from a hotel on the strip.  The Encore really added to our Vegas experience and we definitely would stay again.
2	Everything was awesome but there is one very big exception. If you are staying at the Encore ask if the Surrender night club is active! The music was so loud it vibrated our beds until 4 AM.  So in a nutshell no matter how nice a hotel is if you can't sleep a motel 6 is a better choice.
5	When I go to Vegas, I usually tend to stay at the mid-range hotels like Harrah's and Bally's simply for their value and location of the Strip.  And since I usually travel solo, they're very affordable.  So staying at the one the upper tier hotels like Wynn or Bellagio had never crossed my mind.  Then one day I got a invitation in the mail from Encore for three free nights and $150 freeplay credit.  How could I pass up the opportunity?Encore is simply amazing!  Right when I got off the shuttle, I was greeted by the bell hop and by every single employee that crossed my path on the way to my room.  At that point I knew I was in for something special.  The room was very spacious and had a nice view of the south end of the Strip.  I liked how the lights and temperature were controlled by the control panel near my bed.  The bathroom was really nice and came with complimentary robes.It's always a nice walk going through the Encore Esplanade and Wynn Esplanade with the soothing but upbeat music they play.  And the waitresses here are hot!It's also really convenient how there's a bus stop right in front to make it easy to go down the Strip and easy return back..Best thing that happened to me while staying here, I at least won about $200 here for each day I stayed!  All on the same slot machine too, but I'm gonna keep that machine a secret to myself.  Sorry! Would I stay again at Encore even without a promo offer?  Probably not simply because of how expensive it can get.  Despite the complimentary stay, I still had to pay a $28 resort fee per night which pretty much added to about $100 with tax.  It was still a bargain though considering that it would've cost close to $1000 without the promo.  And for those three nights I stayed there, I felt like royalty and it was definitely one of the most relaxing trips I've had in Vegas.
5	Stayed there for my bday this summer! This hotel is absolutely stunning! I booked the room at the Wynn, but got a complimentary upgrade to Encore! The service is excellent! I think this hotel has everything you need. You don't even need to come out anywhere else on the strip. The best clubs are inside Encore and Wynn anyways!!!
4	Encore is, without a speck of doubt, a great hotel. The hotel lobby is majestic, the casino clean, and the visitors classy. The place is an amalgam of posh luxury and keen modernism, both which balance out nicely.We had a room on the 58th floor with a panoramic view of Wynn, the golf course, and the strip. Loved the floor-to-ceiling windows. The room itself has a nice decor to it - with a hint of minimalism. And of course, the bathroom was huge.Unfortunately, a few things hold the hotel back from reaching its 5-star potential:- Nightclub noise: My biggest gripe. We stayed here from Sunday to Tuesday - the first two days, the booming bass from the nightclub music revebrated so loudly - till 2AM, no less. And to think that this was while I was on the 58th floor... I just felt terrible for the lower floors. If you're a sensitive sleeper, be wary.- Resort fee: So they charge a $15 resort fee a night... yet Wifi & fitness center fees are additional charge. What?- Personal refrigerator: They stocked up the mini fridge with their own drinks and charge you if you remove them. Oh, but they'll rent you a personal one... for $25 a night.All these marketing schemes are minor annoyances and shouldn't be happening at a hotel of this caliber.But anyways, Encore was a pleasant stay overall. I'd recommend it to those who don't want to be a bit off to the end of the Strip and avoid the massive crowds, while indulging in luxury.
2	Frustrated with some of the changes to the MGM mLife loyalty program, I decided to abandon my usual place at the Bellagio and stay at Encore (which necessarily includes aspects of Wynn).  Overall, I would say that Wynn-Encore caters more to the younger crowd (in distinct contrast to Bellagio) but still has the games (at least at the higher limits) to appease the more hard-core gamers.  Encore, however, suffers from a fatal flaw with respect to noise from the dayclubs and nightclubs that would prevent me from recommending a stay at the hotel to anyone.The noise problem was surprising, having stayed at many hotels on The Strip (all of which have nightclubs) and never encountering a problem.  What makes Encore particularly problematic is that one side of the hotel (the side overlooking the pools and Wynn golf course) is also exposed to two partially outdoor nightclubs (which also occasionally serve as pool dayclubs).  The beats can be heard in the mid-afternoon (which really isn't much of a problem) and then well into the 4am early morning, which would probably be torture for a light sleeper.  I am fortunately a pretty heavy sleeper (I used to live next to the Holland Tunnel)--while the noise was distracting, closing the curtains and turning the A/C fan on high was just enough to fall asleep.  I would, however, strongly recommend to anyone staying at Encore, if you find out your room is on the pool/golf course side and the front desk is unable to offer you another room, simply get your bags and head to a different property--there are plenty of other places to stay.I actually liked the layout of my standard Encore Resort Suite.  While not technically a multi-room suite, a divider between the bed and the rest of the room sort of gives the feeling of a two-room suite, and the flat panel TV on the divider with swiveling base was clutch.  Mirrors on a whole side of the room also give the impression of more spaciousness, and floor-to-ceiling windows provide dramatic views of the golf course, pools, and desert mountains (though they also probably exacerbated the aforementioned noise problem).Before really delving into the gaming specifics, I will state that the casino floor easily has the most consistently attractive drink servers of any casino I have been to.  If that is something that you count as enhancing your gaming experience, this is a certainly a bonus for Wynn-Encore.As I mentioned before, Wynn-Encore really seems to cater to a younger crowd, and this is reflected in the table games.  There are an abundant number of blackjack games paying 6-to-5 on blackjacks and hitting soft 17--an automatic 1.61% hit to expected player return.  On the flip side, limits at these tables go as low as $10.  More standard blackjack tables maintain "Dealer Hits Soft 17" up through the $100 and even $200 limits, though there are some tables featuring "Dealer Stays on All 17s" at $100 (though possibly as little as 3--1 in the Encore Baccarat room and 2 just outside the Wynn Baccarat room).  Craps doesn't seem to be as popular at Wynn-Encore than other casinos, but limits are as low as $10 even during weekend-night primetime.  As for video poker, most mid-limit Jacks-or-Better paytables were at 9-5 with 9-6 JoB starting at $10 on certain machines.  (Be aware that 9-6 JoB earns Red Card points at a slower rate--1 point for every $15 coin-in rather than the usual $6 coin-in for most other video poker.)  For Super Times Pay fans, Encore has 9-5 JoB STP multi-play as low as $1/credit--a game Caesar's Entertainment refuses to offer above 6-5.Among other observations, I wasn't particularly impressed with any of the casual dining options at Wynn-Encore, and the resort has a dearth of late-night dining, with only the relatively small Allegro open until 6am.  The Nuclear Tipping Point channel loops an hour long documentary on ridding the world of nuclear weapons.  While it's easy to tune it out, the gaming floor music butchers your favorite songs from the 80's, 90's, and today.  And, as you would already be aware if you had taken any cab in Las Vegas, Steve Wynn is in love with his voice:  He narrates the cabs, the website, and the two hotel tour television channels.Overall, had it not been for the hotel room noise problem, Encore could easily garner 3-stars, and if the food were improved, the resort would probably be competing for a 4-star review.  I wouldn't be totally averse to revisiting Encore but would need some assurance as to my room's susceptibility to the noise.
3	I had nothing but high expectations for Encore- Wynn and I think most people do too. As fairly regular Vegas goers, my friends and I usually hop around to different casinos to see which one we want to dub as our future home base. We're also a little spoiled and only want to try the best of the best.... so when it came time to book our hotel for this EDC Las Vegas weekend and we hands down wanted to check out Encore. However, after this weekend I do not recommend staying at this hotel because I was disappointed with our over all experience stay.Yes, it's true the Wynn and Encore have a beautiful hotel, probably one of if not THE most beautiful hotels on the strip. When you hear the the name Encore,  you automatically think of class, elegance and extravagance. However, this review is reflecting various situations that made us feel less than pleased with our stay. Example 1: Kelly and I were on our way back from clubbing on the Vegas strip. We walked into our hotel and wanted to take our shoes off. Lots of girls do this... and I'm sure lots of drunkies run through the hotel all the time. Too bad I was completely sober and he picked the wrong person to sass. However, not a problem if there is a shoe policy. The security guard simply didn't come up to us and tell us this. Instead, him and his buddy were making some animal noises. So when I clearly ignored whatever barn yard animal noises were coming from his direction, he ran came up to us. This was our interaction:Noise: RAWRR COO COO adlfjglaerj (insert unrecognizable animal noise)Guard as he runs up to me and Kelly as we were rolling our eyes: "Miss, please put your shoes back on. I tried warning you previously."Me: "Oh?...  Wait, what? That was you? I guess I mistook you for some cow or horse on the loose making such noises."Guard: "OH ermm.. well listen, I tried to warn you to keep your shoes on! You're not allowed to do that."Me: "How was I supposed to know that from the noise you just made, I don't speak barn yard animal and that clearly wasn't English."Guard:" Uhhh.. .uhh well that wasn't me.. it was this guy." (points to the idiot next to him)Me: "But I thought you said THAT you just tried to warn me.. so who's the farm animal? You or him?"Guard: "Please put your shoes back on... okay...?"Me (as Kelly and I are putting shoes back on): "Oh so you guys do speak English...  wow... so you're telling me to put my shoes by squawking instead of asking me nicely and you're letting this asshole talk to me like he's some kind of pig. Really, all I have to say is WOW. Thanks, don't talk to me like you're a runaway farm animal again. I'm going back to my room because I'm STAYING AT THIS HOTEL. We speak English in Las Vegas, not animal." and I walked away.I mean, seriously? All you had to do was ask! We obliged!  If there's a policy, we will follow it and not complain either... but was any of that necessary? I am disgusted with how rude that whole situation was. Guards are supposed to protect hotel patrons (me and Kelly), not let others harass them.Upon getting back to our room, we wanted to draw a bath in the tub to ice our feet. Umm... how come the whole ledge was dusty? When I called downstairs to have this fixed in the morning, it still wasn't taken care of. I mean we didn't drop a couple hundred bucks for a 5 star hotel to have dusty bathrooms where you could see the grime or to have the security guards who are supposed to protect the hotel guests instead of being rude and annoying. Another issue is the resort fee. I actually have no problem with paying for the resort fee. HOWEVER, if you do not clearly state that the resort fee only covers 2 devices for wifi, you cannot charge patrons for this without letting them know first. Also, why is there no reception in your room? We all had different cell phone carriers and we all had little to no cell phone reception in the room. Even with connecting to wifi, our calls were getting dropped.Lastly, if you didn't purchase tickets to Encore Beachclub or XS at the Wynn, fear not because at 10am you can hear everything from the clubs in your room... even some 30 floors up or more. So, if you like EDM like I do and you don't particularly mind waking up and read to fist pump... you're in the right place. Overall, I really wanted to like Encore... but I'm sure you don't blame me for not being in love. I will say that the hotel and resort area is really beautiful. I love the mosaic tiles and the way they light up the trees. The suite beds are super comfy, there is room to hang out and the view of the strip is beautiful. As a guest, you have access to both Wynn and Encore  privileges and are only a short walk away from Fashion Show Mall. However, these perks do not compensate for all these things that happened to our group just over this short weekend getaway. I think I'll just stick to hitting up the clubs and restaurants in Wynn / Encore only.
2	I was super excited when my friends told me we were staying at this hotel. 1. It was newer than other hotels. 2. It has two of the clubs I typically go to when I'm in Vegas. 3. They have my favorite restaurant. 4. I heard good things about this hotel. 5. It's also one of the high end hotels. However, I give this hotel a 2. Reasons1. The shower had water mold ( when you don't scrub your shower pink mold starts to form) I thought to myself are you serious?! 2. We asked house keeping to bring toothpaste and a towel. Yay they brought the toothpaste but forgot the towel. Good job house keeping for doing your job half way. On top of that when we were talking to house keeping to bring our request up they acted like we were drunk guests who just wanted those items. Not everyone that goes to Vegas gets drunk. So regardless if you assume that person is drunk don't talk to them like they are stupid. Didn't you know that the tone of your voice could be heard by the other person? 3 . My group went to edc so we were dressed the part. It's pretty easy to get lost. When we got back to the hotel I asked one of the security where encore was. He looked at me and asked are you staying at this hotel? I mention yes I am so please direct to encore. He goes and says "can you put something on?" Seriously?!! The staff need to know certain events people wear different things. I should have told security " yes I can put something on if you direct me to my hotel room where my luggage happens to be." Not only did the security make me feel unwelcome but he did not direct me to my hotel room. 4. I love edm however, for those people that wants to rest you will be hearing music all night.I must say the beds are comfortable, rooms are beautiful, and the view is great. Seriously it's not worth staying here because of my experience with customer service and how disgusting the bathroom was. I do recommending staying at palazzo
3	Customer service is above average. Room was clean and appointed nicely. The room was a king suite 60th floor with a great view of the Strip and golf course , somehow from 10pm to 2-3 am all we could hear was boom , boom , boom from the night clubs . That was disappointing. And annoying.... I guess for the younger crowd its not an issue. But us over 40 group paying $300/ night not acceptable . The food on both properties Wynn and Encore above average and $$$, the price was expected so I am not complaining. Service was great.Bottom line ... Will not be staying here again with so many other choices on the strip at this price point.
2	I just came back from a very hot Vegas weekend!  It was 115 all weekend it was definitely scorching but Encore on the other hand let me down! I was very excited to stay here but it was definitely a bust.  I will most likely never book this hotel again!!I walk into my hotel room thinking it was going to be luxurious, classy, elegant and CLEAN!!  What a disappointment.  Here goes my list:-The chair in the bathroom had a red wine stain-the tub faucet had soap scum on it- the television in the bathroom had months worth of dust on it-there was an unpleasant smell in our room-it was annoying to have a stocked minibar but if you need a fridge $25/night-WIFI wasn't even working that wellI loved the Signature Room at the MGM I will definitely be taking my business there!!!  Hopefully they get a better housekeeping staff at the ENCORE for the kind of product they are trying to offer! I couldn't even check out in my room because the service was down! 2 very large THUMBS down!!!
3	Spent a couple nights here and it was awesome only a couple minor issues. I told the front desk I was celebrating my birthday and they didn't do anything special for us. Every hotel on the strip usually gives you something like resort credit or something, it was simply ignored and not acknowledged. The bathroom and room was very clean. Complaints about the room is the shower heads need to be replaced they are very old as well the technology in the room needs to be updated. For the price of this room it should be top of the line no excuses. Get rid of the control center that opens the drapes and turns the lights on and off.  It works when it wants to and it's yellowed from the age and sun. Get a new control 4 touch screen remote like Cosmopolitan and Aria have for all rooms. In room dining was really good the pizza was way greasy but everything else was good. The gift shop by the elevator was awesome for snacks and beverages or for anything left at home. They have everything you could need. Valet parking was quick only had issues with one attendant. He was very rude didn't catch his name though. The view of Wynn and the rest of the strip is awesome loved the pool view and able to see the golf course. Can't wait to come back hopefully next time I can update this to a 5 star
4	being a "sister" hotel to wynn, it's definitely the younger and evil one.  the rooms are modern decorated suites.  i feel same size to the wynn rms but it's split in half by tv (unfortunately does not swivel) to create the living room.  the rest of the hotel is identical and connected to the wynn-carpet, chandeliers, wall paper......red...red...and more red...good thing they added red butterflies and flowers to tone down the red.  i heard it's because it's "feng shui" for the hotel.  unfortunately, meaning the design is to attract you and for them to win more of your money.funny fyi - there is a sign when you enter from the parking lot that strollers are not welcomed and should be left in your car.  the reason is because the hotel doesn't want to be family friendly and kiddos in the atmosphere.
2	I stayed at the encore from 07/4/2013-07/8/2013 this is hotel is gorgeous in and out I I'll definitely not say anything negative about that... My few complaints are the way I was treated when I went to a craps table here. I was sitting at a slot machine enjoying a beer when I heard a lot of cheering going on at a craps table so I decided to go check it out and maybe jump in the game.. When I go over there and start watching the pit boss asked this "high roller" I guess if he was going to Make a bet and the exact words that came from this guys mouth was "yeah I will make my bet when you get this as*hole outta here" (he was talking to me but I didn't even know at first) then the pit boss asks me to leave and says its a "private" game... 1. There were no stantions blocking it off2.No one said anything besides this douche who was dressed like a slob3. All because you have money doesn't mean you talk to people like that especially a paying guestThe pit boss then Denies he called me a "as*hole when everyone clearly heard him!I'm basically told the guy (the shaggy dude) if he wanted to find out who a real ahole was we can go outside and he just stood there ...That's my MAIN complaint.. They did nothing to fix the situation you don't let people be treated that way who are paying over 1000 dollars to stay there...Overall the hotel charges WAY too much for EVERYTHING like come on 19.65 for two coronas at the bar? What are they smoking ... I refused to pay that..The room itself was really nice .. 21st floor strip view.. Can't complain..Overall my opinion save your money and go somewhere with LESS RESORT FEES... These hotels are getting insane..
1	We stayed in Encore for two night.Definitely, it' the worst one we ever stayed!We found two blood spots on the sheet when we got up because of the loud noise at midnight. It's not our, so disgusting!!!We called them, after waiting for more then 1 hour, a manger came, it's 1 am! He said he will asked the person in charge of this to contact us. But the next day no one contacted us, we call them again. After a long time  waiting, a officer came. Asked us to write down the complaint. We provide everything he asked and he said the complaint manger would call us soon.After a whole day waiting, no one called us. We call the complaint office before we checked out. The complaint manger didn't admit it and hinted the blood spots were caused by us. This made us very angry, but we have no time to argue with them, we need to drive for 10 hours back.How bad experience we met in Encore!!! The worst hotel and worst service we ever met, we will never choose Encore and Wynn!In addition, it's noisy in the rooms in one side of the hotel! Hope it will be helpful when you plan to LV.
3	I am honestly not that big of a fan, after finally having stayed a few nights. 51st floor, north facing, king suite. Was I wowed? Nope. Mind you, we were not guests at the Tower Suites, or their apartment/villas.. I heard the experience there is like a whole different kind of property.Yes, there are floor to ceiling windows. Yes, they are big. Yes, the general overall quality of the furnishings and upholstery, bed quality above average. But surprised there were....SHARP (!!) TVs that are used to partition the sleeping from the lounge area (which was fine.. no wow factor)...no coffee anywhere in the room. What!!!! No coffee, just so you, Steve, can force us to give you even more of our $ and head to the 24 hour Cafe strategically positioned at the corner of the Wynn and Encore? So apparent, and soooo cheap of him.A minor threat (things are spring loaded) in form of sign that if any item either atop the fridge or inside it is moved or displaced after a period of 60 seconds, patron will be charged a $25 restocking fee. 118F weather. Not able to even chill anything purchased. Just so foolish and ridiculous.Chinese have a word called " DAI FONG". That means, more or less, big-hearted/generous/not displaying stinginess n penny-pinching. Mr. Wynn, for having blown $2 BILLION (not to mention the $60 million it took to make the Beach Club and pool materialize to stay competitive), is...NOT THIS DESCRIPTOR! at least he's not showing it in the small stuff. I was very, very put off by this. Facial bar of soap doesn't even lather or possess any kind of emollience. Reminded me so much of those dermatological soaps/fragrance free, etc... and did not speak "luxury" to me; rather, medicine soap! No thanks. Must say, tho,their BAMBU line of lemongrass citrus was off the hook... in the way of shower gel and shampoo, etc.  No daily paper to room. urgh.The gym. let's not speak of the poor, shoddy ventilation, low ceilings, etc. Though those Cybex machines i enjoy so much are present, and there are chilled water bottles and towels (like other high end hotels.. i.e. Ritz, Aria), it appeared like another room of the spa/salon area. Strange to work out in such a space. And again.. thatsucky ventilation. Overheard 2 other gentlemen complain about it audibly. The gym and spa bathroom are shared. As such, welcome to total luxuriance... a living room, large TV, sofas, faux fireplace, and tea and spa water, fruit found inside of the bathroom.. Yep! and staff linger there too. Pool... mostly adults were there. The pool shape and lack of en masse peeps was nice. relaxing to swim and sun... Drinks here were major weaksauce and were made poorly. Mojito and an Arnold Palmer. Ratios didn't balance on either drink. Dont' ask the prices. GULP.Another separate European pool adjacent. These are completely separate entrances than the Beach Club, with all those famed lilypads and cabanas. PS most comical moment: watching Cantonese soap operas and serials (both olden style and contemporary) from the bathtub. I had to LOL on that one... such a total novelty and weird experience!!! There are about 6 channels all dedicated either in Canto or Mandarin. The vice of my people........ sigh
2	Decor is beautiful all over the hotel, however our room even though it was pretty had frayed carpeting, nonworking and shabby phone from Motel 6 next to the bed, Motel 6 remotes for the TVs and no pen as well as a weird odor from the bathroom I mean come on 5 star hotel with these issues and on top of it all when I commented to the front desk manager on the day of check in she assumed I was complaining because I wanted a free upgrade.Service is not bad but was much better when they first opened. On top of all this we had made a reservation weeks ago for bottle service at the Tryst $550 and we notified the rep with enough lead time that we changed our mind and were going to rent a Cabana at Surrender $750 instead, upon check out lo and behold that rep tried to sneak in $120 bill for the Tryst and we hadn't set foot in the place!We spoke to the same front desk manager the next day checking out and she said she would look into it with a very bored expression, it seems like it's regular practice sneaking in charges hoping that clients do not notice.Needless to say I'm not going back there, I can spend my money in plenty of other places.
5	Encore is a place of happiness with butterfies (my fav), bright colors and comfortably appointed suites. Lots of dining options between Encore and the adjoining Wynn.  Great gym for a good work-out - plenty of cardio machines, cold towels and water, and comfy lighting. Casino floor is not big - but enough gaming tables for a comfy round (spaceous) of  gambling.  I loved the 3card poker tables- have good feng shui; I walked away with a nice sum of $$$ winnings.
5	I forgot to review The Encore after our 6/1 visit (4 nights).It was the second year in a row we visited for our anniversary (29th & 30th).  We upgraded to a 59th floor strip view and it was gorgeous.  I know others are more picky in their reviews but I honestly have a hard time finding any fault with Encore other than Steve Wynn himself (his voice and face seems everywhere).The rooms are big and I love the layout.  The beds very comfy, the toiletries were fine.  The housekeepers were great, not only did they clean every inch they were friendly and respectful in a person to person way.  The only fault I found in the room was that the Golden Nugget Rush Tower  rooms  towels were nicer.  We enjoyed the gym a time or two and a couple of restaurants (Society and Le Cave).  The casino was smallish, which I find attractive and the waitresses were quick and friendly.  We were at the Sports book a lot and enjoyed the setting as well.Service wise, everyone we met was outstanding.  Checkin was a breeze.  As was check out.  The only issue we had was this year at the pool the "chair savers" were rampant and the pool staff dawdled on removing towels from said chairs.  Also, the waitstaff, while superb were not quite as good as last year.  It could just be circumstance but last year they actually remembered our name day to day when  this year they did not even remember during the course of one day. You know I'm nitpicking when this is used as a complaint, right?All in all I'd say your standard of expectations would have to be mighty high to not love everything about Encore.  If we can afford it next year we'll be back. Last year they sent a cheese and fruit plate to our room for our anny, this year not but they certainly can't be expected to.I'm giving them 5 stars as I would have last year, the mild drop off in services would be equivalent to them getting an "A" with a 99.5% last year and an "A" with a 94% this year.
5	One of the most luxurious and beautiful hotels in Vegas!  The pool beach club is so much fun!  The decor of the hotel is over the top breath taking and the staff is excellent!  I highly recommend staying at the Encore or at least visiting!
4	im always down.
4	I have stayed at most of the Vegas hotels by now, and this one is high on my list.  If you get a deal (I got $137 per night midweek summer) it is a lot of bang for your buck.  There is a $25 resort fee but I believe I only paid this once if I read the bill right (I was there two nights).  For the room, itself, I would place it in a rank not quite as high as the Venetian and a little higher than the Bellagio.  I enjoy the buffet at this hotel quite a lot, so that is convenient.  The room has a lot of niceties like the by-the-bed control panel, lots of drawers, a desk that two people can use, a nice deep tub, a separate large shower with a place to sit/elevate a foot,  a large sofa with a chaise lounge, and very nice bedding.  The pillows are large but I liked them.  There were nice huge ones to lean against while watching TV.  You could push a button by the door that would activate a request for service light if you stagger out after noon when they do their first round of cleaning.  There was also a scale in the bathroom (don't use this after the buffet) and a setting for night lighting in the bathroom so you don't have to blast yourself with fluorescent lights or stumble through the dark for late night bathroom use.  On the negative, I was irritated that I had to leave my room for coffee ... that was decidedly crappy for such a nice hotel ... we thought next time we'd have to bring our own instant coffee with hot tap water for caffeine emergencies.  There is also no refer (it said you could get one from housekeeping ... not sure if they charge ... we used the ice bucket).  The snacks are ludicrously priced even for a nice hotel ... seriously ... $8 for a little container of gummy fish?  Don't touch anything in the refer or it auto-charges you $25.  The bed is a little soft for my taste but not uncomfortable.  Stay above the 30th floor and get a room facing the strip. Looking south you have an amazing view.  They offered me this automatically on check-in but we were there off-peak time.
2	This is hard to explain.  To begin, this is a very nice hotel and casino...very nice.  The room was also nice, but very uncomfortable due to the crappy air conditioning unit.  The room has one ac unit located by the windows, and it is not able to cool the bed side of the suite.  My wife and I woke up covered in sweat with all the covers tossed off in the floor after just a couple hours of sleep.  The tv was on a swivel so that it could be watched from the bed or the couch on the other side, however it wouldn't hold it's place and kept swinging back around to face the bed.  The staff was friendly enough, but the whole place is "snotty"...for lack of a better term.  Everything is EXTREMELY overpriced.  I decided to purchase a couple cigars to smoke while gambling.  I made my way into the little shop downstairs and asked the cashier for two Romeo Y Julieta's (my usual brand, that usually cost around $8.50 to $10.50 each), and when she stated that my total was over $50.00 I was certain I heard her wrong.  I didn't.  $25 each for cigars that I can buy anywhere else in town for $10.  That's not capitalism, that's just mean man!  Stay away from the Wynn/Encore.  Go to the Venetian which is every bit as nice without the overinflated prices and egos.
5	Took my dad here for his 50th birthday and enjoyed it completely! We had a great view of the strip in an amazing suite. While the casino wasn't very large, you could still use the Wynns facilities. Great restaurants and pools. It's truly a resort, you rarely have to venture to the strip.
3	Beautiful hotel, great amenities and so much to do! I can't even begin to describe how amazing the restaurants were. But that's where the good stops. Their customer service was TERRIBLE! Apart from a few nice individuals at the concierge desk, everyone there was extremely RUDE and unhelpful. As much as I loved the hotel they made my stay less than pleasant and I will most likely not be coming back.
5	This Hotel is simply amazing.The art work and other decor is stunning.My sister and I walked the entire lobby level of this hotel and the Wynn hotel.Marvelous.
4	Where to start?! Came here on a Saturday stayed till Monday. Check in was great our plane landed at around 8 so we came early and asked if they had any rooms available and they checked us in right away, no early check in charge. Rooms are great! Very modern and they had an amazing bathroom.Only bad side is its at the end of the strip and is far from everything else.you only have the mall that's across the street and its close to treasure island other than that you have to either walk a lot or take a car to visit other hotels and casinos on the strip.
4	I went to the Encore Hotel for the very first time and i will return again next year. The hotel is beautiful and the staff is very helpful and completely professional. My room was very clean and a huge bathroom for the junior suite ,The bed was very comfortable and the little livingroom area also comfortable. The pool area is very nice and the staff there was also very good. Now get ready to bring some money at the pool. A Pina Colida in a 12 ounce cup, $16.00 dollars YIKES!!!! I only had one. The gift store is another area to stay away from. Bottle of a regular Chardonney wine $62.00 dollars DOUBLE YIKES!!! All i did was walk down 3 blockes on las vegas Blvd to the Liquor stors and get the same bottle for $15.00, Problem solved. I would have given this fine hotel 5 stars but the food prices and gift store prices are way too high. I would difinitely reckomend this hotel to anyone. I had a wonderful vacation at the Encore Hotel
5	What can you expect from one of the most planned out hotels in Las Vegas. This place was built to entertain. From the decor to the casino it was designed by the very best.
5	This hotel experience from start to finish was just awesome. Check in (around 9pm) and check out (9am) was a breeze. We got upgraded to a higher suit just by asking and had a tremendous view of the strip. We weren't that high up, but we didn't hear any of the music from the clubs below. Amenities are great, service is awesome, rooms are clean, lots of restaurants and just a great great experience. Next time we'll definitely stay here again (hopefully by then, they will let us use the fridge for free!)
5	As others have said, this hotel is just amazing.  We typically stay at the Palazzo or Aria and were always thrilled, however, we now have a new standard of excellence!Stayed from 7/22/2013, planned to leave on 7/25, but on the morning of the 25th decided to blow off our flight and stay another night.  Cost $500 for the change in room and air charges, but well worth it, won $2000 on Baccarat.Beautiful rooms, quite, stayed on the 14th floor looking north.  No noise from anywhere inside or outside the hotel.  Room service was terrific the sea bass was better from room service than SW Steakhouse.  Bed and bathroom were fantastic.The SW steakhouse was a real disappointment.  My wife order the sea bass and it was just terrible, the restaurant did not charge for the SB.  Steak was very good, but could have been found at any upscale Vegas steakhouse.  The light show was also very disappointing, we saw the show years ago, with the jungle scenes and great music, now it's just a 1 minute snippet of the 10 minute show from the past.We'll be staying at Encore/Wynn from now on.  Almost forgot, the topless pool was excellent.  Wife luvs just to wear her thong panties and the atmosphere was perfect for her, she looks great at 40!!Need to add, the buffet was very mediocre, we had free passes and after one visit just ordered room service the rest of the stay.
4	Yikes!  My favorite hotel on the strip has finally shown its sub-superhuman side.  (Although likely still in the top 3 hotels on the strip.) This is my 5th stay at this hotel in the 5 years it has been open, and the fist time I walked out wanting more and somewhat unsatisfied. Attn: Steve Wynn - you have done a fantastic job in making this one of the most decorated and award winning hotels on the planet - don't let your 5 star rating slip away. 1.  Replace the mattresses immediately!   Our "dreambed" wasn't so dreamy and left me with an ache in my back in the morning.  2.  Go to your Wynn HomeStore and grab a few of those $250 sheets off the shelf and replace the bedding in the Encore rooms.  The crisp white linens aren't so crisp and white any more.  I hope they are washed after each stay.  Are they? 3. Don't charge guests extra for a North "strip" view.   This is deceiving to your guests because it isn't a view of the strip as guests would expect ---- charge us more for a piece of crap view of the recession-halted and incomplete construction of the fountain blue, circus circus, some empty desert,  and who knows what else.   I feel like you should credit us for these crappy view rooms!  What a rip off.  In fact this may be a deal kill for next time.  Those three huge negatives aired, I will price this hotel against the other 5-stars on the strip next time.  If it is still the highest price, I may indeed try another property just to see what I am missing. I might feel like I am cheating on the Encore but hey, Im paying for 5-star I EXPECT 5-star !!!!!
5	It's not as decked out as the Venetian, BUT I love how clean and straight forward the hotel was. Very easy to navigate. The casino area was more family friendly than other hotels because of lighting, friendly staff, and how guests carried themselves. Of course there was the occasional guest that dropped F-bombs in front of my little sister during elevator rides, but hey I didn't raise them. lol It's still a fairly new hotel, so the carpets and floors don't smell too heavily of smoke. The rooms are clean. (We stayed on a non-smoking floor. Ususally there is still a certain stench, but to my surprise the Encore was true to their word! Smoke-free = smoke-free!) The hotel is still young. Couchs are still firm, as well as the beds and pillows. Even the roll-in bed was comfortable!! The toilet is awkwardly high, but it didn't pose a problem. I wished the bathroom was like the Ritz where the toilet was separated by a door from the shower/sink area. We had a spectacular view of the strip (which we had to pay more for, but that's not a problem). I will definitely be back!
1	I am a frequent business traveller 7 to 10 days a month, including 3 to 5 in Vegas every month.   I went here on a weekend getaway.  The Encore had been trying to get me to come for the last two years.  The deal was awesome.  Two nights on a weekend, two free buffets, and two tickets to La Reve.  Here is the issue.  The hotel charges you for everything and asks you to make sure it comes off your bill during checkout. They charge for free tickets, they charge for Internet access even though they force a resort fee on you so it should be included.  They even charge a daily additional fee to your credit card of 150 per day which one week later has not been credited back to my card.  When I made my reservation I was given a complimentary upgrade as were my friends who came with me using my same deal.  However I was told I didn't have that upgrade and  my friends did and while they would like tomhelp they were full. The front desk staff has no authority but the front desk manager refused to interact.  Then when I insisted he told me he listened to my reservation request and I was not guaranteed anything.  During my interactions I saw two other people who had to fight for simple reversals of charges on their bill.  BEWARE OF ANYTHING YOU CHARGE.  THE ENCORE TREATS YOU AS IF YOU ARE STEALING AND PUT THE BURDEN ON YOU TO PROVE OTHERWISE.  The apathy  and indifference they have for people at the front desk  is the worst I have ever experienced and it seem as if it is a normal occurrence.  There are a lot of all suites hotels to choose from  in Las Vegas even some without resort charges still. Find another one unless you are staying for free and that might not be a bargain.
3	We stayed in the Tower Suites at the Encore. Rooms are beautiful, nicely appointed (though I agree with the reviewer who noted that Wynn really cheaped out by not allowing you to even use the refrigerator without a fee). Soap and amenities are nice, not fabulous. Bed is to die for and I love the curtains that you can operate from the bed. Rooms are clean and comfortable with lots of drawer space. The staff is nothing short of spectacular and accommodating: they get 5 stars. Now..the not so nice:  Initially we were put into a room overlooking the adult pool area and night club. Most of the day and night, despite being on the 26th floor, we were subjected to the bass thump. Most annoying. We mentioned it to the concierge who mentioned it to someone and they moved us to a North-facing suite. Delightful. But seriously, anyone who overlooks the pool will suffer through the techno-beat in the daytime as well as at night. Also, Wynn is clearly trying to attract the young, trust-funder or otherwise Red-Bull-fueled, trucker-hat-wearing, recently-rich crowd with lots of money and absolutely no class. I mean, I enjoy a drink (or more) and a good time but this crowd was so bad the hotel personnel had to apologize for their behavior to other, less inebriated clientele. I felt bad for the staff having to put up with their behavior while still being polite. And I hate to think of the mess they must leave in the rooms. Eww. I can understand wanting that demographic to blow their parents' money or their recently earned tech/oil/etc money in your hotel, but really can they not have an "adults only" experience? And I don't mean x-rated, but you know, adult. Take-away: If you want a 5 star experience, don't stay here. The hotel suites and staff are 5-star, the clientele they cater to is strictly B-movie/in-your-face/porn star.
5	A fitting encore to Wynn Las Vegas (no pun intended) is encapsulated in this stunning resort known as Encore at Wynn Las Vegas.  Branded as the cooler, hip sister of Wynn, Encore offers the same level of service, attention to detail and customer first mentality of its predecessor.  The difference between the two hotels is simply that one stands on the South end of the property and the other (Encore) is to the North....obviously there are some slight differences that I will cover below:I've had the pleasure of staying at both Wynn and Encore and have noticed that Encore is quieter (except for one thing, to be discussed in a moment) and of a more relaxed feel than Wynn.  Located behind Wynn and a bit further North on the Strip means that the foot traffic in the Casino is far less than that of Wynn and the crowds are not a problem or a nuisance like they are at Bellagio or Venetian.  The Casino is surrounded by natural light and gardens near the pool and is a fantastic place to gamble and people watch both in the day and night.  Wynn's Casino can sometimes feel cramped and busy with all of the foot traffic, this issue is resolved at Encore, even at peak hours in the evening.Where Encore does have large crowds is at Encore Beach Club which is an open to the public outdoor pool party venue with an enormous pool, private cabanas and tons of people (think Tao Beach at Venetian, multiply it by 5 and there you have Encore Beach Club).  The noise from Encore Beach Club, mainly the pounding base from the music represents Encore's only drawback and can be clearly heard even on the highest of floors (39-up) in Strip facing rooms.  The noise continues into the night well after EBC closes and then comes from XS nightclub which opens onto the pool at EBC.  While you should be up late since you're in Vegas, if by chance you do need a good nights sleep this can be a bit of a hassle.  It's far from a deal breaker or huge detractor from choosing this hotel, but it is a much complained about point from most guests.The Standard Resort Suite at Encore is impressive to say the least!  At 700 sq. feet it is leaps and bounds ahead of it's nearest competitor, the Bella Suite at Venetian/Palazzo.  The bathroom is enormous and decked out in fantastic marble and the main living area is separated by a half wall with a 40 inch flatscreen mounted on a pivot so you can enjoy it from either the bed or couch which is situated near the floor to ceiling window.  Just like at Wynn, the lights and drapes are electronically controlled and you get the pleasure of sleeping on the same Wynn Dream Bed found next door at Wynn.Choosing between the two can be difficult, but if you're looking for a more low key, under the radar Vegas experience yet still crave the need to party and have a great time, Encore is the place for you.  Encore gives you the ability to be away from it all but at the same time is just a step away from the controlled chaos and fun that is Las Vegas!  You will not be let down if you choose to stay here, enjoy!
4	Elegant, clean, pampered, secured pool, expensive and long check in lines but even the cheaper rooms with a partially blocked view of the Wynn (and club noise) still looks and feels like luxary. Btw, Nguyen is pronounced New+Ehn and NOT Wynn nor Shar+Day.The Vietnamese language has only has one syllable words, combined with heavy accents makes it sound like new+in. Thus misinterprited as win (wrong). Just say NO to Pho, dodo! Moreover, it's catered to A younger crowd with the beach club, then the Wynn is with an extravegant lobby mall and golf course. The beach club is nice but low woo girl to male ratio. Keep your hands off the mini bar. An floor upgrade for the view isn't worth it but for noise maybe.
4	Such a pretty hotel!We stayed in a suite and got upgraded to a higher floor.  The only problem is it came with one bed so we had people sleeping on the couch and floor...it would've made for a better room if you just had your SO with you!  Anyways, the bathroom was nice (although the scale was strange...it said my friend and I were 350+ pounds...) with a shower and bathtub, the view was great and the bed was comfy.Oh, I also went to the pool (the dayclub was too pricey) and had fun tanning in the water while it was 102 degrees outside!
4	Very Nice Hotel.My favorite part was when I walked through the first floor area and didn't smell/reek of smoke. Thank God, it is possible right? to have a casino and be ventilated enough to not smell like disgusting Cigarettes after the fact.That being said, the bed was very comfortable, the place was clean, the bathroom was nice, the staff were nice, the view was quite nice (we stayed on fl 56) and all around I would definitely come here againDayclub was overpriced, so I passed on that. The bathroom scale was wonky. Other then that, would definitely come here again.
5	One of my favorite hotels in Las Vegas.  Five star property. Hotel rooms are suites. They always give you full amenities including bedroom slippers. Great customer service. Great food and bars.  Drink service is always good when playing table games or slot machines. It almost, almost, makes it painless to lose.
4	The Service at Encore is as Great as Wynn. This hotel exhibit all the traits of the five stars hotel. The staff are extremely helpful and well mannered. The Room are a little newer than Wynn suites as well. However, there is only one con staying at Encore, which is its location. It is rather out in the middle of nowhere!! Therefore, a person who does not have a car or intending to take a cab might have to walk a long way in order to get to the destination. Other than that, Encore is nothing short of Spectacular!!!!
1	This place has gone downhill with its level of service. Rooms and location are great, the Wynn / Encore is obviously a great property with great restaurants and venues, but this place is consistently understaffed. Wait 30 minutes in line to check in at the hotel. Wait another 20 minutes in line at the concierge to get your boarding pass (hotel kiosks were not working), wait 15 minutes at taxi line because there is only 1 guy working the taxi stand (plenty of cabs, guy just only loaded up one cab at a time AND gave me lip when I asked him why he wasn't moving up 2 cabs at a time for loading). In short, you'll have a good night but have a good shot of going postal by the time you leave.
5	**Please note that I'm giving 5 stars for the room itself and the quality of service given here...not necessarily for all the restaurants, bars, casino, etc.**We got a special promotion for this room and I have to say that (especially for the price I paid) it was amazing. The room was enormous, so comfortably appointed, really beautifully decorated, the bathroom was bigger than our bedroom at home...we had a view of "downtown" (seemed to be a view of the Rio and a Ross store), which was nothing to write home about, but that's because we checked in super-early; if we had been willing to wait longer we might have had a Strip view, but we had only slept 3 hours and were eager to rest and take a shower, etc. At least our room was very quiet; never heard any noise at night.Service was so kind and courteous from my very first interaction. Whenever I called (to inquire about changing my reservation, etc.) the people I spoke to were super nice and helpful. Ditto when I got there; ditto when I called the front desk to ask a question; ditto when I stopped by the concierge and the bell desk for one thing or another. The whole property is absolutely gorgeous...gorgeous rooms, gorgeous lobby, gorgeous gardens, gorgeous pools, gorgeous restaurants and bars; even the casino looked much cleaner and "classier" than most of the others we walked through. My husband and I aren't gamblers, and this was our first trip to Vegas; it was just sort of that, "well, you've got to try it at least once in your life" types of trips, and in large part because I had gotten this amazing promotion. Honestly, the best part of the whole trip was the hotel, especially the bedroom...we also spent quite a bit of time at the pool (the sunset pool at the Wynn was our favorite) and that was great, but a little too crowded in the afternoon and the drinks were waayyy too expensive.In fact, I'd say the only real drawbacks to the place (and I am sure it's the same problem anywhere in Vegas) was that everything--but EVERYTHING--was expensive. I needed sunscreen and tried to buy it at a store inside the resort--$32! Come on. We ended up walking about a mile to the nearest Walgreen's to find it at a somewhat normal price. It doesn't appear you can get a drink anywhere on the property for under $15, and even a small cappuccino runs $6 there!! A bit excessive. But I learned that's what Vegas costs...you can save on the hotel but they'll get you everywhere else...we probably won't be going back to Vegas anytime soon, but if we do, I'd definitely want to stay at Encore again--IF I get another good deal and can afford it!!
5	Loved the pool and loved the rooms!  My cousins stayed here and their room was beautiful!
5	Best thing about Vegas.  Massive rooms, super clean, excellent service, slightly less trashy clientele than elsewhere on the strip.  Of course, a cup of coffee will cost you an arm and a leg, but I suppose that's to be expected.  Seriously, though, don't come thinking you'll just buy a sunscreen at the sundries store.  The cheapest bottle starts at $34. While I like the pools at Encore, I wasn't blown away.  There's a main pool that's small-ish and kid-friendly, and there's the adults-only European (read: optional topless) pool that's larger with a swim-up bar.  It's fine, but I've been to better pools in Vegas - namely, the pool at Palazzo, which I think is leaps and bounds bigger/better/nicer.  Encore's Euro pool has a ton of tree coverage, for obvious reasons, but the trees get in the way of my tanning dreams.Beyond the pool issue, the restaurants are great, the dealers are friendly and the views from the upgraded suites are magnificent.This is the place to stay in Vegas.
1	I was extremely disappointed by my stay at Encore... It's a beautiful hotel, beautiful suite, spa, pool & amenities... On a busy day, expect to wait about 20-30 minutes to check in and don't expect an apology or a bottled water for waiting... Paula (the gal who checked us in) was in a bad mood?? She wasn't at all inviting, warm or welcoming towards us. Not once did she ask us how we were, how our day was or even smile at us... My husband and I thought it was a little weird - but whatever....We got to our room on the 35th floor... I immediately went to the restroom to wash my hands from our travels and I noticed the previous guest's false eyelashes on the counter (see photo).... I called down and asked them to send someone up to clean it which we stepped out for dinner... When we got back from dinner, we noticed housekeeping did stop by b/c the hand towels i used were gone and stocked with fresh new ones, BUT she neglected to remove the false eyelashes... That can be forgiven...I took a shower to end my night and I found myself standing in a puddle of water that covered my foot b/c of the slow drain..(see photo) the water in fact overflowed onto the bathroom floor drenching the towel floor mat... I called down to have them fix this... again, this too can be forgiven...Around 11pm, we heard our neighbors blasting their music very clearly.. they were playing robin thicks, "blurred lines". i called down and had security ask them to lower the volume - in which case, they did... again, forgivable - and not really the hotel's fault except for the fact that they have paper thin walls.We got into bed to go to sleep and after tossing and turning for about an hour trying to figure out the repeating suction/thump noise, i finally came to the conclusion that it was the elevator. Around 1 in the morning, i called down and asked to switch rooms b/c both my husband and i couldn't sleep b/c of the ongoing repeating elevator sounds... they couldn't switch us b/c "nothing was available" and i was advised to call in the morning.... Around 2 or 3 am, i was so frustrated, i called front desk again and asked them to send up ear plugs and a noise canceling machine - they sent a fan and orange ear plugs that broke in half the minute i put them into my ears. Through exhaustion we were finally able to fall asleep around 4 in the morning... Next day... I was offered 2 different rooms on another floor... Now, before I check into hotels i do my homework and the number one complaint i read about encore is the noise.. I read tips on how I should ask for a room furthest from the clubs and to NOT get a room with a neighbor connecting door... and now my third request was to be far from the elevator... I communicated these 3 requests to Encore and they offered me a room with a connecting door... or another room near the elevator.......................... At this point I was frustrated b/c the 3 front desk manager I spoke with (Miguel and Choona - Jason didn't even bother returning my phone call) didn't have any empathy for my situation - oh did I mention that I'm 6 and a half months pregnant? I was told by Choona that it was guaranteed that I wouldn't hear any noise on the new room with the connecting door b/c they sent someone up to double check (which i really appreciate by the way). So b/c of his guarantee, we packed our things and moved to the 38th floor... They were right, it was quiet... until 5 in the morning came around and the neighbors came back to their room and decided to continue their partying... I called front desk to complain and security handled it... my husband and I both irritated by the fact that we didn't get a good nights rest on either nights decided to just get up and check out.Checking out.... I immediately asked the very nice front desk girl for the manager... Enter front desk manager Michael - who was also less than friendly.. my husband and I could both tell from the start he was not at all concerned or even cared about our issues... After I explained what we had gone through the last 2 days, he nonchalantly offered us 1 night comp to pretty much shut us up... When i asked for a full refund he snapped and said, "i'm not going to do that." ok, this is where I got pissed b/c in the hospitality industry the one thing you do NOT say to a customer is, "i'm not going to do that (for you)" - there are other nicer ways to say the same thing. He explained that encore allowing us to switch rooms was doing us a favor and that it's out of the hotel's hand whether or not the neighbors are quiet... Basically, he was telling us that it's not the hotel's fault that they have paper thin walls and we couldn't get any sleep... His bottom line to us was, "take it or leave it and shut up" Again, he was super unfriendly or sympathetic - just plain cold....his apologies were mere empty words without any sincerity.
5	I just returned from a three-day getaway at the Encore and it was marvelous (yes, I said marvelous). I've been to the Encore/Wynn resort before, but this was my first time staying. Everything from the service to the hotel room decor and cleanliness exceeded my expectations. The only downside: you have to pay for internet, which I can understand for other hotels on the Strip, but it seems like something Encore would include free of charge. Anyways, I walked through the MGM to get to Hakkasan on Friday night and not to sound snobby, but I was a little disgusted. I honestly don't think I'll be able to stay anywhere else now.
3	Encore was really nice...the room is very spacious and the view was overlooking the golf course.We love all of the cool remote controls, ha ha..and love the flat screen TV that does a 180.  Nice amenities, big bathroom, plush towels...all that you expect our of Las Vegas.One really BAD thing is there are no restaurant on the property late at night!!!  What???  This is Las Vegas where no one sleeps!  If you want to eat late, the only option is room service...really did not like that!  That costs them a star!
5	Will probably never stay anywhere else in Vegas ever again.
5	Encore is my favorite place.  I even buy the Asian Rain oil in bulk to scent my house and car in Chicago.   We love every detail about the Encore.   We love the staff and the housekeepers who will find you a vase in a flash.  The restaurants are all exceptional, and the Esplanade, there are no words to explain.  When we pull up, we call this home.
1	I would encourage you to read Miriam G. review as well.  Our experience was very similar.1. Miguel the front desk manager has no customer service sense.2. This hotel is loud.  Yesterday we were awake 4:30am.  The night before till 3am.  The duty manager had nothing to offer but apology.  She said that we were supposed to be informed of this but we were not.When you goto a hotel with $450/night rate, you expect decent service and friendly staff.   Housekeeping, pool side service, front desk, have more to be desired.  I saw the pool staff being particularly rude to Asians.I will not stay here again.  I can get this type of service for $75/night.
4	We took advantage of an amazing deal and really enjoyed ourselves at the Encore. The interior is gorgeous, the smoke levels were not bad at all, the casino was fun, the restaurants were top notch and the service was great.  The front desk staff - both for check in and when we checked out, were really professional - polite, friendly and attentive.  They even surprised us that they remembered our special anniversary and double birthdays.  The chocolates they had sent to us were amazing.  The king suite room was beautiful.  We didn't hear any club noise at all, possibly because we had requested the quietest side.  I'd come back and stay here anytime.  The only hesitation is that I'd come back when it's just hubby and me.  There were signs on the property that said their policy was no strollers... that kind of put me off at first since we had a kid, but then again, it's an excuse for just us to getaway.
3	The internet is telling me that Encore is consistently compared to other young luxury Vegas hotels like Cosmo and Aria, but I disagree. I had a great time at Encore for Labor Day weekend but as a backdrop to a vacation there are better options. For reference, my top priorities for a trip to vegas are 1.) Party 2.) Get ready to party in a comfortable environment 3.) Food to fuel party time: fine dining + casual.The lobby decor was an assault on my eyes. Seriously, it's just awful. Butterflies and dragonflies were the theme here, scrawled over the carpets and in huge glittery formations on the walls. Red was the statement color. Between the dragonflies and the red, it seems likely that Steve Wynn was going for an Eastern theme but it ended up looking garish. The panoramic suite was huge, which is a major plus when you're sharing it with four girls. In fact, I thought that it was the best thing about Encore. There's tons of room to spread out makeup, clothes, hair tools, and whatever else you bring. The security locker was really small-- not a box like most hotels but a slim cabinet that had trouble fitting two iPads and five wallets. The contents of the locker came tumbling out every time it was opened. There was a standard display of snacks and a "lovemaking kit" available for a charge if removed for more than 60 seconds, but even the refrigerator was off limits. You can't store leftovers or drinks in there for any amount of time because it's also weight-sensitive. I thought that was pretty cheap. The room was adequately clean and well-stocked but not pristine... there was gold paint chipping off the mirrors and the tops of some surfaces had collected dust. It seemed like there aren't as many casual restaurants at Encore as there are at other hotels. The closest place to pick up a sandwich is at a cafe at the Wynn. My party did check out Botero. My petite filet was cooked to a perfect medium-rare but the flavor of the meat wasn't noteworthy, especially compared to the Chicago steakhouses I'm used to. I did love the three sauces that came alongside it. I had a bite of my friend's ribeye and it was definitely better. We ordered a lot of side dishes-- mushrooms, corn cakes, mashed potatoes, tater nuggets-- and they were all tasty. I will note that the dayclub music was very audible from the room. Our room was located on the 31st floor, overlooking the pools and the music started around 11 am. For the club scene, we checked out Encore Beach Club two days in a row. The guest list, even on a holiday weekend, was really short. And I loved that they had free water jugs and cups for those waiting in line. Take note, Daylight (even though I had more fun at that club). Drinks and food were super expensive, but that's to be expected. I think a watermelon mojito was $18. Pitchers were $90. Two orders of chicken tenders and fries, a Caesar salad, and a Coke came to $59. Oh, Vegas. I've been to Surrender before and wouldn't return. Most of the club is outdoors with only a small indoor space that houses the DJ. And of course there's XS, which is fun but it seems to get even more dangerously packed than other Vegas clubs.I'm staying at Cosmo next time.
5	The best luxury hotel I've stayed to so far. The hotel paid a lot of attention to detail and the view was awesome. We were on the 20th floor and could see the strip from our room. Also the location was next to a pretty good and price reasonable taco shop. The beach club was just downstairs and their spa was amazing. FYI Men and woman are separated at this spa and also looks like they are registered so Canadian health plans seems to cover this (at least mine did).Their gym lacked a bit of free weights so there was an occasional wait but the cardio equip was well enough. There were free lockers, water and towel.only problem was friday night / sat ... you could hear the music from the club in my room. I was able to sleep but my gf was unable to due to the noise. This was already warned to us at the check-in so we were already expecting it.Also a little distant from the core of the strip but still at a decent location I think.
5	Not as big as the Wynn. Same decor. Rooms are also very nice. They also have XS nightclub and the Beach Club. Botero is an excellent restaurant. Casino is a bit smaller than the Wynn. I prefer staying at the Wynn.
5	The best hotel in Vegas! The interior was amazing and the service was even better! Everything about the room was breath taking. From the front desk to the bell boys to room service was top notch. I have a stayed in a few different hotels in Vegas and after staying at encore I could never stay anywhere else! There was only one downside, when I arrived to our room our couch was soaking wet. I had upgraded our room to get a view of the strip but when we were relocated to another room due to the couch we didn't receive that view. But I didn't care to fuss because the room was so amazing! Just an overall fabulous experience!
4	My best girl friend and I enjoyed a very pleasant stay there earlier this summer, July 1-3 which were WEEKDAYS. The hotel has a very airy and fresh feel it - lots of natural light, no screaming children, low smoke levels. It was less crowded than Wynn. I appreciated the fact that there weren't any slot machines or gambling tables visible or audible from the lobby. It definitely has a classier feel to it compared to many of the other hotels on the strip. I have mixed feelings on the butterfly motifs, but the overall experience totally trumps that minute detail, lol. Our room was spacious, well-lit and very comfy. Housekeeping was fine, no problem at guest services, in general I had no problem with any hotel staff. Parking wasn't a problem either. My one gripe was that it was like 115-120 degrees in Vegas at the time of my stay, and we couldn't use the mini-fridge to store any beverages or food because it's weight-sensitive. Also, wifi wasn't free. But all-in-all, I had a great time, and I would definitely consider staying there again (at least on weekdays).
1	I stayed  over the weekend and ended up leaving a bag in the room. Called lost and found as soon as i got back home. They sent someone up to the room to look and they called back and said they found it. Needless to say i was extremely happy to hear the news! I get a call back a couple hours later and the lost and found tells me that they have LOST MY BAG! Somewhere between the housekeeper finding my bag and it making it down to lost and found it was lost! Im sure the cash i had in a envelope and expensive camera i had in there had something to do with it not making it down ... I received a call saying that they made a mistake and never found my bag in the first place - im sure to avoid paying a claim!!! All they offered me was a complementary gift if i ever came back which was a slap in the face! I would be weary of going to this hotel because of their security issues! Oh and they had the room number to go and check, so how do you go to a particular room, find the missing bag and then say that they made a mistake??? That doesn't make sense!
5	This review is for being a guest of the Encore. Steve Wynn, you never cease to amaze me! I am in love with this hotel. In love! It's far enough off the strip to not be overly crowded and it's beautiful from top to bottom. Rooms:"Did we accidentally book a suite?" we thought as we walked into our spacious room with floor to ceiling windows that overlook the city. Nope. Apparently every room is just this beautiful! The room is huge and I can only imagine what a suite looks like! We stepped through our door and saw a long hallway that opened up into a bedroom with a King bed and two night stands, and an entertainment center with a tv that swings around 360 degrees! Past the bedroom, we then saw a sitting area with a L-shaped couch, desk and floor to ceiling windows. The room is bright, cheerful, clean and decorated nicely. It's just a shame it's in Vegas, a city where you spend very little time in your room! The beds are so comfortable. They are a product of Wynn and can be purchased through Wynn. The robes are silky smooth. Everything is state of the art. My only qualm? The music doc isn't iPhone 5 compatible. Boo! But to make up for it, they do have several music stations available on the tv. Amenities/Casino: Treated like royalty is the theme here. The rooms are amazing, every restaurant/cafe/eatery is state of the art and delicious, the casino is very clean without the strong stench of a casino and it's just a cheerful environment. It's not your typical "Vegas." I also really like that they keep the Encore Beach Club separate from the resort, so that you don't even know it's going on unless you're going to the party. The pool is gorgeous and I just wish I had time to lounge. In fact, I would have liked an extra day just to utilize the pool. They have several restaurants on the property with outdoor patios overlooking the water and pools. My favorite amenity of the Encore? They have dueling pianos every night of the week! It took us going to two different casinos and two failed attempts to find a piano bar, only to realize when we got back that our very own hotel has them!Service: I was very impressed with the service the entire trip. Check in was seamless and the girl gave me suggestions about places to visit during our trip. The staff working every restaurant and bar was very friendly and helpful and it was just an overall great experience. On a side note, this is attached to the Wynn which is like Encore's wealthy older sister, but the great thing is that you never really realize which hotel you're in. It's just a small walk through the hotel and through the shopping and then you're in the Wynn and can enjoy all the amazing things they have to offer as well (make sure you go to Sugar and Ice and the Lakeside).PS - Garth Brook plays at the sister property, the Wynn!
5	For the boyfriend's birthday, we decided to go big and try out the Encore.Really glad we did.The room was beautiful. The bed was big, plush, and lush, sleeping was a dream. I really liked the mirror walls, made getting dressed so much easier. The living room area was cute. Loved the modern couch. The view from the window couldn't have been better. Over looked the strip, we did not even request this.The bathroom was great! Loved the double sinks, the zoom mirror and the tv I could watch from the tub. Boyfriend's favorite part, the remote control next to the bed that controlled everything.Cannot wait to return, and really want to try the Wynn as well!
5	I love The Encore! I stay here a lot bc the casino is not over crowded and I can find tables with enough room to play with just my friends and I. That way you don't get some rookie playing 3rd base that doesn't know what to do. I love the rooms, linens, and service is great. Check out the amazing spa!
5	Hands down the best place to stay in Las Vegas, the bar has been set and I cant imagine staying anywhere else when I return. Ive stayed at my fair share of spots along the strip, The Venetian, Planet Hollywood Towers, Paris, Thehotel etc. and I must say this is the place to beat. I haven't stayed at the Wynn yet so maybe it can match my experience, but the service, atmosphere and room decor cant be beat. Also getting a VIP ticket to XS (my new favorite hotspot) was just the cherry on the sundae to a fantastic three day weekend.Cheers :)
1	The house cleaning stole my travel collapsible leather jewelry tray.  Encore doesn't care and just said "sorry".  There's no compensation for the lost.  In other words, employees at Wynn or encore can steal whatever they want from your room!  Shocking!I have been staying here since last Friday .  After 5 days, they have not re - loaded the shampoo or the conditioner!!Beds were not made today.Awful hotel.  Do not stay at this hotel!
4	As the smaller, yet newer sister property of the Wynn Empire, Encore was the culmination of 2 years and 2 billion dollars after the 1 year anniversary of Wynn Las Vegas. Sharing the same, luxurious theme as its neighbor, it may share a bridge and various restaurants and such, but rest assured the Encore is very much its own property.A recipient of the latest AAA 5 Diamond, it joins a very small handful of hotel establishments throughout Vegas. This basically means Encore has distinction of calling itself one of the most sophisticated, scintillating hotel properties in the world. An establishment that skimps on nothing less than decadent and showcases nothing but the finest. From its sleek exterior to its posh interior, there is no doubt this is a winner for Steve Wynn.With 63 floors, the Encore is actually marginally taller than the Wynn and features a ton of space for casino, retail, hotel, and convention purposes. Like many of the casino resorts along the strip, there is almost plenty of options in every direction though at the Encore, there is less of a need to exit in the name of seeing, eating, and doing. They really do have it all.Room accommodations are impressive from lowest standard two bed room to the ultra high end, massive suites for players. Wynn has invested so much to ensure the comfort levels in every room meet the high standards that most people have for this place. Personally, it comes down to the bed for me. I've never slept better.The casino side isn't nearly as impressive as the Wynn. There seem to be some elements of Wynn Macau here, but on a whole the ambiance of gaming isn't for me anyways, a large selling point. Boutique casinos have a way of keeping the experience intimate for particular gamblers, but the feeling here is no different than like its Palazzo rival.On the nightlife front, is there a better and more celebrated club than XS? For years, my favorite spot was La Bete, which later turned into Tryst (http://www.yelp.com/biz/tryst-nightclub-las-vegas-2) but now XS takes the cake. XS alone probably brings in more visitors than any club in Vegas and amongst the younger nightlife inspired crowd, is potentially the number one reason folks end up paying Encore a visit.Folks looking for a different eating experience will certainly find it at Sinatra (http://www.yelp.com/biz/sinatra-las-vegas) and the same goes for the clubby yet foodie ambiance of Andrea's (http://www.yelp.com/biz/andreas-las-vegas). Wazuzu (http://www.yelp.com/biz/wazuzu-las-vegas) is kind of like an overpriced Asian fusion diner, which is totally skippable in the Encore experience. I personally enjoy every meal at Society Cafe Encore (http://www.yelp.com/biz/society-cafe-encore-las-vegas-5) but that's just me. The line up of eateries may not be impressive compared to its casino counterparts, but at least the places featured are quality.Lastly, I think Encore would be the ultimate property if famous Vegas performer Danny Gans were still alive today. When he was set to perform at Encore as his new home 4 years ago, he was also featured on what was at the time the largest freestanding marquee in the world. Garth Brooks is certainly no slouch, but Gans and his already bustling LV fame would've been the city's top featured act.While I don't think Encore lives up to the same standard as its bigger sister, it is still among the best on the strip for everything it offers. There is no losing scenario when it comes to staying here - it is still worth it for its location, name, and all that it has to offer.
4	Clean and friendly.   Will be back next year.  Spent a couple of hours at the sauna.... So nice.  I also had my toes and fingers done.  They did a great job.
4	The Encore does everything right.  The beds are super comfy, the employees are extremely professional.I did not think the Wi-Fi worked very well, it did not work every time.The snacks in the room are tempting----but do not touch, it will cost you.  The hotel is quite expensive, but worth it.If you want to buy cheap snacks, beer, wine, go out of the hotel and turn right and there are cheap places to buy stuff you might need.  Everything in the hotel is overpriced.I wish there was a refrigerator to use in the room, but unfortunately it is filled with things that you can buy.
5	The best!!! Love Encore! Rooms are awesome and XS is always a blast. Encore beach club not so much. Andrea's is great for dinner it's very chic! Prices are not bad for what you get.
5	SIMPLY AMAZING!You can officially called me spoiled after my 5 day stay at the Encore. Ive been to a few other casinos on the strip and the Encore is simply the best.Our check-in on Monday was flawless. The entire Wynn and Encore staff is top notch often calling you by name. Our room a Deluxe King Suite was as usual spectacular with over 600 square feet of space. On this trip we decided to take advantage of what the Encore has to offer...During our stay my wife and I dined at the Society cafe for dinner and Tableau for breakfast. All the food was amazing! They now offer vegan specialties if you want to eat healthy. Yes, the prices are high but this is a boutique resort so you have to expect it.My wife also had the opportunity to use the salon and spa. She couldn't stop raving about it. She was in Heaven! So much so that she practically begged me to use the spa which I did. Its spectacular and a great place to recover after a night of partying on the strip.... A MUST go if you are a guy or a gal.We also had a chance to use the pool. There is a public area and a European area for adults. We chose the European side at its sunnier and quieter. The pool is perfect and just the right temperature. Very relaxing if the spa hasn't done that already.Lastly I want to thank some of the staff that helped us during our stay as they made our week...Alexis in Tableau who made the reservation for my wife, Garrett in Concierge who helped us with Jubilee tickets, Ashely by the pool who took good care of us, Vin at the bar who pours a mean Scotch and the countless other staff who made us feel special. We cant wait to come back!!!
5	My stay at the Encore, was amazing! I enjoyed every bit of it from the moment we pulled up to vallet my car, to the moment we checked out.  We got the panoramic view suite & the view was amazing!
1	After staying at the Encore for our 35th wedding anniversary I was shocked how this 5 star hotel treated us. I unfortunately left behind needed medication in my bedside table and called on my way to the airport in Las Vegas. No help. I then called 5 additional times and was shocked to be told they are not there. I then got angry and guess what happened, they somehow found them. Now I need to fill out Lost and Found form on line and pay $15.00 to have these medications returned, I do not mind paying the $15.00 but after spending in excess of one hour trying to fill out an electronic form that will not send electronically, I decided to just give up.  i have never reviewed a business on yelp and always thought poorly of those that did but I find I am at my whits-end.  I called again today to ask if I could email the information and again, they didn't know. All for medication. Steve Wynn, do you know this is how your staff treats your guests? I have stayed at the Encore many times but this hotel has dropped to the bottom of my list. Please, don't ever leave anything in your Encore Hotel room, you will never see it again.Encore Staff, get it together. Dave CarneyPalos Verdes California
3	I wish I could give more stars but this hotel falls down on service and comfort. The mattress in our room was a lumpy, back cramping mess more suitable for an opium den than a Panoramic King Suite in one of Vegas' best hotels. Staff attentiveness and friendliness is inconsistent. The dealers were a miserable lot in general. The front desk girl at check in was great. Wait staff at the various in house restaurants ranged from sullen and incompetent to cheerful and on-the-spot. Sometimes the front lobby staff will open the door for you and sometimes they won't. My 4' 11" girlfriend who's suffering from a back and shoulder injury noted difficulty getting through the heavy front doors on one of the days I wasn't with her. C'mon guys! Smile and open the f'ing door for your guests. Other than all that, it's a great, albeit pricey, place in a location on the strip that I prefer. I've stayed twice but I will shop around before I book again.
4	What an amazing place. If you can stay in the tower suites it's worth it. Private entrance  and easy access to everything. Staff is attentive and you never need to leave the hotel since the best clubs and restaurants are there. Love this place
5	I've been to this casino a few times. Staff is always willing to help you find your way and their pastries at the cafe are delicious. My boyfriend and I went to the sports book and bar to watch a soccer game and we had quite a good time. I enjoyed my pastry :) lemon bar :P and he enjoyed his game :)))
4	We really like staying at the Encore.  It is so elegantly decorated - vibrant and serene at the same time.  You do not have to walk miles to get to your room or from one end of the casino to the other.  Parking is very convenient.  The location on the strip is great - across from the mall and near other nice casino properties.  It is only a short indoor stroll to the Wynn to have a larger casino and more restaurant selections.  The rooms are spacious and well appointed (although showing just a little wear and tear) and we never have heard noise from the hallways or from other guests.  The staff is very friendly and welcoming.  We loved the buffet - probably the best we have been to in Las Vegas.  The only reasons for 4 stars instead of 5 stars is because if you just want coffee, juice, yogurt, or a muffin in the morning the prices are high - the ventilation in the casino isn't great -  the casino seems to have tightened up on slot machine payouts - and if your room is on the Strip side you may feel or hear vibrations from the nightclub (we did one night - on the 25th floor - but we were warned about it when we checked in and chose that side of the building anyway.)  Overall, we definitely recommend the Encore for an above-average experience.
4	Ah, Steve (we're super tight, so that's what I call him) ... you have REALLY outdone yourself this time.You know... when you built the Bellagio, and you were asking me what I thought of the lights in the lobby, and I said, "Steve, don't you think you're going totally overboard with the Chihulli *lamp* in the darn lobby?!?!?!" "Why don't you just tone it down a notch?"Steve listened.He built Encore with me in mind .. you know -- simply put ... the guy just gets me. Simple elegance, attention to detail .... great customer service. I felt like a princess during my entire stay.Why knock a star? When we arrived, glasses in the room were missing, and our ice bucket was filled with water from the previous guest, with no new bag inserted.Steve, you know I love you, so you know I've got to be telling you like it is.xoxox!
5	My husband and I recently celebrated our 15th anniversary in Las Vegas. My Mother-n-law was nice enough to keep our son for the weekend so we wanted to make the most of it. We took the first flight out in the morning which was about 40min delayed but we still got to the hotel super early, by 8:30am. We were able to check in at that time which was nice! We were able to unpack and get our day started nice and early!Our room was beautiful, roomy and comfortable. The hotel is beautiful and everyone was very nice and helpful. I won $1,200 on Keno there too! We saw La Reve and ate at the buffet at the Wynn. Loved every second of our stay. Once it was time to go the concierge was kind enough to print our boarding passes and had them waiting for us at the desk. We hope to go back really soon!
4	So yes, we loved this hotel, yes it is over-the-top luxury, yes the spa is the be stand yes we would stay again. So why not 5 stars, and it would be so easy to attain 5 stars:The good - luxury accommodations, all room and casino features to notchHigh ceilings, light and airyMy wife tells me the spa is awesomeCleaning staff to a great jobThe bad - things that should be so easy to fix:Basically the attitude and service (or lack thereof) from any staff in positions other than those where they can reasonably expect a tip. So disappointing - and then the long long wait to check in and check out. See my pic. After spending over a $1000 on room and a couple of meals - why put me through this 20 minute long check out nightmare? Steve Wynn - please fix before we come back - this hotel so deserves 5 stars.
5	This is luxury.  I wouldn't stay anywhere else in Vegas.  Wow -- the suites have it all...high end bedding, cool technology, floor to ceiling windows, modern decor.  The casino is gorgeous with the big red chandeliers, it feels clean and isn't mobbed with people.  The buffet ROCKS and La Reve is a MUST NOT MISS show.  You'll need not to go anywhere else...everything good is at Wynn/Encore.
5	Love this place. I didn't want to leave. Loved the push button curtains. Bell hops took a little to long to bring up the luggage but service was great. Check in was a little long. I loved looking down on the city strip from my hotel room way up. Especially with floor to ceiling windows. I will return again definitely.
5	Where do I begin...The room - beautiful floor to ceiling windows, our room faced the lone Trump tower (literally, nothing near-by) which looked like it was flipping a giant golden finger to the horizon.  Kind of hilariously awesome, but you get a nice view of the strip to the side.  Plush, comfortable and very spacious rooms and I loved lounging on the sofas.The food - Alaskan king crab leg buffet Wooooooooooooooooooo Desserts Galore Yaaaaaaaaaaaaa and awesome selection of gourmet selections including tuna ceviche/tar tar yuuuuuuuuuuum.  Do the buffet, it's seriously worth it, even if you don't stuff your face.  I went all the way to Alaska in the middle of winter and found the king crabs to be sweeter, fresher and tastier (not to mention cheaper) in Las Vegas.  Take my word for it and save yourself some frostbites, and eat an extra crab leg for me.The Club - had a blast at XS, loved lounging by the pool with hilariously large animal floaties and seating inside the pool, and dancing with Will.I.Am DJ-ing inside.  The crowd is, well, a little heavy with silicone and steroids, but that just makes it more fun to people watch, or what my friends describe as "social experimentation".  If you haven't spent the weekend here, you'll have a blast, whether you're here for the people watching, the delicious food, or relaxing in a luxury room (think 5 star hotel at 3 star price!)
5	My and my wife enjoyed our stay, very luxurious atmosphere, especially when you want to feel like you have money :)
5	Always an amazing experience every time I stay here at the Encore.I have heard of people having billing issues with the hotel, but I've stayed here many times and haven't had any problems. Cell phone reception is terrible inside the rooms but wi-fi and fitness center is included with the $28 resort fee. Upon check in they ask you if you want a mountain view room or a strip view room. They also warn you that the strip side will be noisier. The room service is prompt and they basically set up a mini restaurant inside your room so that you can eat comfortably. Rooms are cleaned in a ninja fashion, meaning they do not bother you while you have your "privacy" light on, but once you switch it to "make up room" your room will be spotless by the time you get back from whatever adventure you're having.The bathrooms are huge and they include a spacious tub and shower to help you re-coop from your crazy adventures the night before. The ability to open and close the drapes from your bed is a godsend during those extra sunny mornings after your long nights.The casino isn't as lively but that's what I enjoy about this resort. It's an amazing escape from the party craziness. I can always count on getting enough beauty sleep on their amazing king size ma tresses. Having a hotel room so close to the hottest clubs, Surrender, XS, Tryst etc is just a bonus. You can also buy tickets at a discounted rate for each of these spots, exclusive to hotel guests. The pools are always clean and you have tons of choices, if the Beach Club isn't your thing, you can lay out at one of the many other pools, including one Euro style topless pool.Wazuzu is my favorite restaurant on the resort, amazing Asian food at relatively decent prices. I did get to try the Sunday Brunch at the Wynn buffet this past trip and I was blown away by all the choices and the amazing selection of desserts! You can even buy a $15 VIP pass that lets you cut the buffet line and comes with a complimentary alcoholic beverage. IF that's NOT enough to make you choose this hotel EVERY time you're in Vegas, the spa also offers a $40/day pass for you to use all of their amenities, sauna, pool, steam room etc. When you are staying at the Encore, be sure to use the robes, they're to die for!
2	Overall hotel is good as they have a newer air ventilation systems to keep air clean even though its casino floor was filled with smokers. I chose to stay at this hotel because of this. Further more, our stay during weekdays are generally better since it has less patrons and visitors that smoke. However, there are a few things that caught my attentions:1) in room towels are super hard. Towels that my pets use are softer and better than theirs. I was glad I brought my own towels for my 5 months old baby.2) resort fee only entitle WIFI connections for 2 devices per room. Imagine traveling with kids that has multiple ipads/iphones.3) shower was pretty bad compared to other newer hotels on the strip. No matter how you adjust the shower pattern, you can almost expect a constant flow of stream, instead of "shower". Also lack of water pressures.4) So called suite only has 1 TV per room (rotate 360 degrees between bedroom and a small sofa area). Venetian/Venezia/Palazzo and The Hotel @ Mandalay Bay has 2 TVs in each guest suite.5) Limited free TV channels compared to other newer hotels on the strip. I did not even bothered to try to search for any channels to watch. I brought my own HDMI cable and connected my iPad to watch my own programmings.6) Poorly designed AC systems ventilation. AC in living area can be blasting cold but the bedroom area remains warm.. You will notice the difference when walking from bed room area to the living room area, which is only about 2-3 steps away.On the bright side, it is a very nice hotel with a lot of luxury decorations. Certainly one of the best of LV. Loved the buffet with sparkling wine add on if you love to drink. If they can address all the issues above, I will certainly come back for my future stays.
5	One of the best room I have ever stay at and the staff is so helpful, courteous and friendly. All I can say is that i found my home away from home! I love the design and colors of the room I truly feel in Las Vegas.
5	Superb. I was comped a three night stay and ended up paying for a fourth night.  I upgraded my free room to a nicer one for $20.00 per night. The room overlooked the strip and was 61 stories up with all windows over looking the awesome view.  The room was big with three different areas. The bathroom was at the entrance and was huge with two sinks, large shower And separate toilet.  Then the bedroom which has a swivel 42 inch tv that could point towards the bed or the other room which consisted of a big couch and desk looking out the window.  The service was outstanding and you has to show your jet to security to enter the elevator going to your room. There are several restaurants and a great Buffett.  Three clubs that were all good with XS being the best.  Gambling tables everywhere so you can lose lots of money.  Several shows that are supposed to be outstanding. Just a great hotel
4	One of the best Hotel on the strip!!.. Very very Classy!! I love the lounge music they constantly play in the lobby and in the casino and the pool area!!.. The rooms are amazing! Very modern with amazing strip view!!.. I had a good experience with this hotel! The staff very friendly and professional!! I recommend this Hotel! You have to Pay for your own WIFI though and the hotel is on the pricy side but well worthy! P.S. My favorite Casino on the Strip!.. Visit it! It's free! You'll see why!Enjoy! Bon-Voyage & Bon Appetite!
1	First (and main) day at Vegas at "Encore at Wynn": completely ruined by the Encore staff ! After checking in, we went down and asked the consiglieri to change the comforters, pillows etc as I am allergic to down. The consigliere assured us it would be taken care of. Then we went for a sensual show (Zumanity) and at midnight we where back. But instead of having the perfect night, we spent it with allergic reactions, anger, frustration and waiting for staff to fix the bed! I will update this review as the rest of the stay passes by. I am hoping they will make this up somehow, but to be honest  I don't know how they could.
3	swanky vegas resort with modern feel
5	I've stayed in several hotels in Las Vegas, such as the Wynn, Palazzo, Venetian, Aria, and so forth... The Encore is my absolute favorite hotel in Las Vegas.  I love the way the hotel is setup from where the parking entrance is located, to the lobby, the elevators, and the exit to the strip.  If you've stayed at the Wynn, you will know their layout is confusing and I always manage to get lost and walk around aimlessly for a while.  Also, the mall is conveniently located across the street.  The rooms are spacious and clean.  The bathroom comes with a separate shower and bathtub, and television on the vanity.  The living and bedroom area have their own televisions.  The hotel has several pools, one of which is a topless pool (just saying).  They also have some of the best steakhouse restaurants on the strip.  My stay at the Encore has always been pleasant.  This is a hotel I will continue to stay at and recommend to my friends.
5	A top hotel in Las Vegas and of course my favorite! First of all all the rooms are suites and the views are pretty magnificent! I love how this side of the Wynn hotel group is more laid back. You don't feel the intensity of the Las Vegas strip while you are here. Of course they have pool parties, but there's also a quiet pool for a more relaxing time.I also love the Encore Spa! It's way bigger than the Wynn and is a great pit stop before a night out. You have also to pay for the facilities, which I didn't really understand. I also used the gym next to the Spa and it was amazing! Very spacious and great water/towel service. Overall, I like to return to Encore every year because of the service. You feel the difference compared to other hotels when ordering food to the room or if you ever need anything else. Can't wait for another great visit!
1	(Review of casino only. Didn't stay at hotel.)Our experience on the Casino floor was bad enough I made the decision to never stay at a Wynn property.  Some of our party had never been to Vegas or gambled before, so we paused near the edge of the casino floor to point out different tables and make suggestions about what to try. We had paused less than 30 seconds when an employee approached our group and began shouting, "Who are you waiting for? Who are you waiting for?"Before we could answer or try to understand what he was shouting about, he began waving a flashlight around, saying "You can't be here, move along" repeatedly.  He then followed us, shooing us with his flashlight.You're reading this review and if you don't know me, you're probably thinking, "Ok, what are you leaving out? Like, you guys were ridiculously drunk, or waving fireworks around, or something right?"Hand to God, swear, we were nice people, dressed decently, and abiding by the laws of civil society. ... Which may have been the problem. The only explanation I have for the employee's behavior is that we weren't scantily clad hoochies and they didn't want normals uglying up the view. Our group left promptly and spent the night dropping money at a non-Wynn casino.
5	I've been to Vegas a couple times and usually stay at the Signature Suites at MGM. We decided to try something different and went with the Encore Suites for our 4 nights. I'm sure glad we did! This hotel is absolutely beautiful!!! Our room was amazing and I loved the floor to ceiling windows with a great view of the Vegas strip! The bathroom was large enough for 3 girls to get ready. The bed was huge and cozy. Service at check in and check out was exceptional. And the lady at the concierge desk was so nice and helpful. I definitely will be staying here from now on.
5	When  I go to Vegas this is the only hotel I stay at.  The reasons are many, great spa, fabulous restaurants, fun pool and of course great shopping. The rooms are large spacious equipped with great bathroom. The staff are very attentive and courteous. This is a great experience hotel.
1	I hated this hotel! Employees are so snotty!! And guess what you need to be dressed up to dine in the breakfast area. .... for real?!?! Not coming back here.
1	I paid the full amount for 2 nights stayed on the 8th with the special promotion letter a month in advance.The hotel is clean but very noisy at night, I stayed on the 26 floor but I can not sleep due to music so loud playing pass 2am on week night.Today I rec'd additional charge on my credit card of $56 for resort fee.  I called Wynn and they told me that they are 5 stars hotel and they charge resort fee daily and blaming on the rep for their mistake for not telling me ahead of time.  The day of the checkout, the front desks staff at suites check out could not check the room out because their printer is broken.  What kind of 5  stars is this.  I was forced to check out from my room TV.  The check out on TV showing my balance is 0 and now I rec'd additional Billing for $56??Mr Wynn need to refund me the money..don't call yourself a 5 stars hotel if you charging additional fee without your client knowing about it...What a shame!!!
1	I go to vegas a few times a year but I didn't like the customer service here - seems like they think they were doing me a favor but letting me stay here. Didn't feel welcome - felt more like a customer than a guest. If you've worked in the service industry before you will understand what I mean.
4	I liked the space.  Great service.  Everything is new and I can buy $4000 wallets downstairs.
5	Beautiful rooms. We stayed in 1827 for three nights in December 2013.  It's on the quieter side of the hotel and has a nice view (see my pictures).  I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at Encore.  It's a smaller hotel on the north side of the Strip, so if you're looking for something with a lot of casino action, then this is not the place for you.  It has a few high end shops in between Encore and the Wynn hotel.  It's a easy, quick walk to the Wynn.  The room has a large bathroom with separate bathtub and shower and an additional door for the toilet.  There is a large closet with a luggage rack and small safe (set your own combination).  We had a large king bed that was very comfortable and more importantly, the pillows were soft and fluffy.  There is several dressers for your clothes, a mini-fridge with all sorts of drinks and a mini-snack bar.  Towards the end of the room, there's a nice couch and a desk and chair.  Then, there's the large bay window so you can view Vegas!  The TV swivels 270 degrees, so you can watch it either from the bed or the couch.Everything is top notch - room, service, concierge, interior, casino, restaurants, and clubs.  The only thing that wasn't in service when we were there was the pool.  It was drained and closed.  I would imagine the hotel was preparing for Christmas and New Year's.I liked the fact that the parking lot is right next to the hotel entrance, so you don't have to walk a mile in order to reach the casino/hotel entrance.  If you have a car, like we did, then it's an easy drive to all the other hotels on the Strip and to the old downtown Vegas (which I heard has been improved tremendously).At Encore, you will most likely be charged the $25 resort fee on top of the room rate.  You may be able to find better rates on hotwire, hotels.com or priceline rather than going to the encore website.Xie Xie!
2	Pretty disappointed with my stay here, I've had previous experiences that were excellent, but this time really ruined it for me. The rooms are giant, but they won't give you an extra cot? Not only that, no FAQ on their site that mentions it's a fire safety hazard before booking. I have definitely stayed at a nicer hotel in Vegas with the same room size with 2 queens and been able to have a roll away. Instead the concierge offers that a member of my family can sleep very comfortably on the floor. So why are we staying at this hotel again if we have to take turns sleeping on the floor? I'm not sure. I could have gotten us two rooms each with 2 queen beds for the holiday pricing I paid, elsewhere. And no, we didn't over pack the room, we have 4 people total. 2 on one bed, 1 on another and now one on the floor/couch. Not to mention our rooms were right over the club. Bass bumping. Meh. Next time I won't plan our family holiday stay here for sure. Head over to the newer hotels for better service and options.
5	One of my favorite places to stay when I am in town.  I have never been disappointed with anything here.  Steve Wynn definitely knows what people desire in a resort.
5	This was not my first time at Encore, I'm a regular here, the best hotel to stay in Vegas, no comparison.This time, I was there for our anniversary, and  I just want to thank Joyce  at front desk, she is a sweet heart!With her great customer service level, she checked us in and surprised us by sending a beautiful card along with chocolates to our room later!Thank you Joyce and thank you Encore for having the best staff.Five stars all the way.
1	I came here with some friends for a drink. The drinks were very good. However, drinks are way overpriced ($90 for 5 typical drinks) and service is very bad. Nice atmosphere though. Nobody in this place seemed to like their life. Almost everyone had very nice clothes and jewelry plus money to burn, but the enthusiasm in the gaming area, and throughout the building, was non-existent. I saw no smiles if you don't count the fake one coming from the waitress who came around every 30-40 minutes or so, even though the bar area was far from packed. I recommend going somewhere where people appear happier and you can get twice as many drinks for the price.
2	I surprised my wife with a last minute trip to Las Vegas to celebrate our 20th anniversary. When I booked the hotel, I had the choice of Encore at Wynn or Four Seasons, unfortunately I chose Encore. My last time making that mistake. Originally we had chosen to stay one night at Encore but as soon as we saw our room we decided for a second night. Mistake #2! The first night, the people next door were partying all night and with the bass from the Encore club we never were able to sleep. We complained and nothing was done. When we finally were able to start sleeping, one of the drunken idiots from next door decided to bang on our door. He could not distinguish between our door and the other door. After 3 minutes I was able to convince him he was at the wrong room. The next morning we asked to change our room due to the music and people next door. At 10am we moved all our belongings to our new room, located in a quieter part of the hotel. We left for breakfast and on our return discovered none of our keys would work for our new room. Went to the front desk and explained the keys didn't work. They apologized for the mix up end informed us we were never checked out of the other room or checked into our existing room. Also, we will need to be checked into a new room. He proceeded to give us new keys to a new room. When I explained all our belongs were in the room, he said we will need to move them again. I was fired up. I asked for the manager. I explained the situation to the manager. He was apologetic and explained they had miscommunication on their side. He then gave us new room keys to our existing room. We went back to our room with the new keys, which worked. A couple of hours later we went shopping, at the mall located across the street. When we returned to our room, 3 hours later, once again our room keys did not work. This was a reoccurring theme. After dinner, our room keys did not work. When we went out for drinks, our room keys did not work again. Four separate times we were forced to go to the lobby and have our keys programed, which worked once but never again. The ironic part is, all the keys failed to work a second time. We were given 3 keys every time and all 3 would not work after a length of time. After reprogram, the keys would get us back in our room but failed to work again. It appeared as if someone or something kept resetting the lock code. I can understand one key being rubbed against a magnet (which I don't carry)or electronic device (very rare) but not all three failing, especially if they worked the first time. I had no idea this hotel was such a party hotel and has such bad customer service, especially for the price we paid. I could have stayed anywhere else and had a better experience. Thanks Encore for giving us such a great bad memory for our anniversary!!! Never again!
4	I'm a fan of this hotel. We got a suite on the 63rd floor overviewing the strip, it was awesome. The hotel is very classy and customer service was great. I forgot my hair brush and when I requested one, they brought me a brush and comb right away. I would definitely come here again and paying the extra $50 a night for the view was worth it. The reason I don't give it 5 stars is because I was a little disappointed with the gambling side of things. When I requested help and pressed the service button on the slot machine, they took over 10 minutes to come and actually never came. So I ended up leaving. Why would a high end hotel like Encore lack service in that department? I don't understand. Anyway, then I went to the red card desk to ask a simple question and was told to get in line to ask the question. It was a yes or no question who wants to get in line for that? I'm a fan of the hotel but when it comes to the casino floor, I rather spend my money elsewhere.
5	I have been going to Vegas regularly since I turned 21, and even lived there for 3 years.  I have stayed at most of the resorts and stepped foot into all of them on the Strip.  And can now finally say that the Encore is my favorite.  And here is why:1. No strollers allowed.  I have 2 kids and have even been "that mom" pushing a double stroller through a casino.  It is refreshing to not have to maneuver around kids. 2. It is less crowded. 3. It is a very classy hotel and casino.  Every time I have visited, I rarely see drunk obnoxious college kids. Perhaps this is because it is at the end of the strip and farther from all the action of the strip.  4.  There is no smoking in many of the corridors and walkways. There seem to be a ton of security type personnel around reminding the patrons of this rule.  5. Parking is so easy.  I actually hesitate to write the this review because I don't want it to get too crowded.  I love that the parking garage is an easy walk to the lobby.  No need to navigate through shops, etc. 6. It is beautifully decorated.  I love the lights on the trees as you drive in.  The architecture is nice, and the design is very classy.  7. The service is top notch.  Whenever I go, there is someone always ready to hold a door open for me, welcome me with a smile.  I feel like a VIP and I don't need a "Noir Card" to be treated like one.  8. The room are clean, elegant and spacious.9. I love that there is a huge window to the garden and pool.  It gives it a more open airy feeling, and you don't feel claustrophobic surrounded by 4 walls.  Granted, it is one of the more pricier resorts on the Strip- but if you can treat yourself- it is so worth it! Also, I haven't stayed at this resort during pool season, which I have heard gets pretty loud.  So, if you are looking for a more peaceful visit, come in the winter.
5	Reader, beware: if you're tired of reading all the glowing reviews of this hotel, you might as well stop reading this right now!Hand's down, this was the nicest, poshest hotel I've stayed at, ever. It is certainly the nicest one in Vegas. The attention to detail is apparent everywhere, and the hotel itself, and the casino, and all the shops and restaurants within are above reproach. Where to begin?Let's start with the hotel room. It's not really a "room"; it's a suite. My folks and I had adjoining room/suites on the 15th floor, overlooking the Strip. Wow, I felt like a movie star! The suite was so beautiful, so roomy and spacious. When you enter, there is a hallway with the bathroom off to the side. The bathroom is huge, with a glass-enclosed shower (GREAT shower, too, with two large shower heads and a marble bench to sit on or, for you ladies out there, to prop a foot to shave your leg! A little detail, but this is what makes this place stand apart from the rest), deep tub, looong marble counter with two recessed sinks, and all the bells and whistles (recessed wall-mounted tv? Check. Scale under the sink? BOO! But yes, check! Complimentary high-end robes and slippers to use? Check! Really fine quality lemongrass citrus gels and shampoos and lotions and potions? CHECK! TONS of towels - which I love, a great hairblower, and a toilet area with a door for more privacy). They really thought of everything. The closet area is very roomy with a safe for your valuables.Next is the bedroom area. The bed, pillow and linens made for the deepest sleep I've ever had. It was the most comfortable bed I've ever been on. There's an electronic panel bedside to control the drapes and lights. The huge tv separates the bedroom area from the living room area and it swivels 360 degrees. The living room has a deep sectional sofa and ottoman and desk. On this floor in this location (end of the hall), we heard no noise. It was super quiet. The only issue I have with the amenities is the mini-bar/fridge/food variety on top of the dresser/bar. You cannot use the fridge (not to keep your Cokes cool, even!), and if you take any snacks off the top of the dresser for more than 60 seconds, you'll get charged for them! So even if you just want to read the label, man, you better read fast! (I thought this was a little over-the-top, and not in keeping with this classy hotel).Aesthetics and art and design are subjective entities, but my parents and I just LOVED the design and architecture and lay-out and colors and artwork of this hotel and casino and all its various restaurants and shops. There's a huge de Koons metallic sculpture of tulips in blindingly bright colors. Gorgeous mosaics on floors and walls. Huge bright coral-red chandeliers in the casino. And windows! Windows opening up the place to light! Overlooking formal gardens and waterfalls. We walked the Strip and entered all the major casinos and hotels, to get a feel of the different themes and check out the designs and architecture of them all. One thing I will say about the Encore: compared to ALL the other casino/hotels, the smell of cigarette smoke is least noticeable at the Encore. One last note: from my 2 shuttle drivers who drove me to this hotel and then back to the airport, to folks we talked to who worked in the stores we shopped in, all said the same thing: that Wynn treats his employees well. Many of these people have applied for jobs at the Encore. I think this speaks volumes.
5	My first time staying at the Encore, absolutely loved it. The beach encore club is a good hang out day and night, I flew in on the 4th of July. The walk between the Wynn and encore is quite a distance. Make sure you have heels you're prepared to walk in for extended hours. XS is a great club had a blast, the concierge and drivers are very pleasant to accompany you. Will come back for another stay. Also a host by the name of Susan Savage, she is just a doll I love her to pieces she's your go to gal if you're into gambling and what not. She's delightful & so sweet.
5	The Encore was one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed at in Vegas.  There are so many useful amenities in the room, the TV and bathroom are very nice, and the view is great!Also, I want to point out the staff made everything convenient and they were very helpful.  I will definitely stay here again in the future.
2	Great rooms. Sinatra restaurant is a favorite. Rest of the hotel is sleepy with no snack options or place to watch a game without inhaling carcinogens from smoking everywhere.
5	One of the most beautiful hotels in Las Vegas. Spacious rooms and excellent accommodations. Really really love this place.
5	It was my first time staying at the Encore last December and I absolutely loved it!!!My room/suite was so amazing that I'm rating Encore 5 stars right off the bat. My room was beautifully decorated, spacious, and luxurious. This is definitely how I want to vacay every time! I've been to the Wynn several times but never really walked around Encore. The second that I walked in through those Encore doors I fell in love with the red decorations. I'm a photographer so the first thing that came to mind was 'photoshoot!!'. The hallways, the check-in counter, the lounge right by the elevators to the room were all aesthetically pleasing to my eye. I could've just strolled through all the pieces of art around the hotel if it wasn't congested with smoke.As soon as I walked into my room, I felt like I was living a dream. I suppose that is the theme of the Encore and the Wynn... to feel like we're living a dream. Our view of the strip was amazing mostly because our window to the outside was the entire wall. From my room I could see the Wynn hotel and the Encore Beach Club downstairs.For light sleepers, Encore rooms might be a problem because I could hear some of the music from the club downstairs the first night I stayed there. Tues night and Wed night must be break night for Vegas in terms of clubs cuz I didn't hear music playing at night on those nights.As for gambling, there isn't a large selection of slot but there's enough variety. I didn't play at any of tables at Encore but there seems to be a decent enough selection. If you need more to choose from, the walkway to the Wynn is pretty short. I'd say it's about a 5 min walk passing through some lovely shops.I can't comment on the food because I didn't eat at Encore. I only saw a lounge and a bar, which didn't attract me much for food.Hope my review was helpful!
1	I just checked in for a work function.  Despite having a confirmed reservation at the Wynn, I was given a room at the Encore.  Under the same roof?  It's a completely different hotel.  6 acres later, I'm checked in and pissed!  I really dislike Vegas to the core.  I was excited to stay at the Wynn.  Front desk person was respectfully bitchy.  Terribly disappointed with the bait and switch.
4	One of my new favorites compared to the Wynn. I would like to say that is definitely a superb choice to your hotel pickings if you consider the followingpros:- next to Surrender XS and all the young adult clubs 21-35- beautiful decor and well lit areas for night time prowling- free valet (but with some annoyance)- upscale and free of trashiness- rooms are clean, room service does a great job, well designed- staff is courteous and professional at all timescons:- DO NOT STAY IN A ROOM NEAR THE NIGHT CLUBS, they are EXTREMELY LOUD AND YOU WILL NEVER SLEEP (pool side generally)- valet is a block walk down from the main entrance- sports book is a 2 block walk down into WYNN (WTF!)- room service can be spotty (different employees, different ideals)- $25 room service fee that should be disclosed- don't offer free upgrades like other places do- not very close to the strip, takes a bit of a walk to get to itultimately I prefer the Wynn and will know where to stay next time, the Encore is extremely nice and will always be my second choice.
4	I stayed here in 2010 in the Panoramic Suite. The View allows you to see right down the strip and is impressive. The Hotel is like a dream land of decor and murals that make you feel your in an enchanted village. Stunning.The Encore is home of the famous XS nightclub which is a definite visit for any newbie in Vegas.Overall it is an expensive hotel but if your staying 16 nights in Vegas like I was, then you need the quality!
5	Booked the 3 bedroom duplex for a stay with coworkers. The suite is amazing! It is by far one of the best hotel rooms I've ever seen. Starting from the entrance from the lobby everyone was very attentive. Once up the elevator and into the room the first reaction is "wow". Two stories, 3 bedrooms, a massage room, huge living room with huge TV, pool table, in-suite elevator, and a humongous bathroom/bedroom. This is the type of room that you see in the movies and definitely a good place to invite a few friends over to enjoy.Be ready to pay about a few thousand dollars a night though.
2	The Hotel itself, the staff, the rooms and the service is very good.  However this hotel including Wynn are NOT kid friendly.  I was not able to take my son to any restaurant except the buffet.
3	Great hotel with wonderful decorations that has not been overrun with the cigarette smell many other Vegas hotels have been. We had a suite that overlooked the strip and one of the best views I've ever had staying in Vegas. However, I expected a little bit more for having a suite... such as the availability of hot water. Called room service and they wanted us to pay $5 for hot water... why not have a hot water pot in the room already? Also got charged full price even for being a hotel guest to use the Encore Spa when other hotels give hotel guests $5-10 off at the very least.This is still one of my favorite hotels however just for sheer convenience since it houses the best clubs in Vegas, such as Encore Beach Club, XS, and Surrender. When we were staying here, it felt like these clubs were in our backyard since we just had to go down the elevator before walking to the clubs.It is a bit difficult to get to other parts of Vegas since Encore is at the VERY end of the strip (right before you get into Old Las Vegas) so if you are planning on going anywhere else on the strip, be prepared for long walks or slow travel down Las Vegas Blvd.
5	The nice thing about staying at Encore is that all of the rooms are suites. Some larger than others, but still all suites. So far, I have only stayed in the Resort Suite King. The bed is extremely comfortable. The large TV rotates to face either the bed or sitting area. The sitting area with the couch and desk looks over either the strip or the mountains, which you are able to choose upon checking in. They warn you that if you want the strip view you may hear some bass from the nightclub, but we did not hear anything. Maybe we just got back to the room too late. The bathroom is very elegant and large. There are 2 sinks, a shower and bath tub, and the toilet is in a separate enclosure. There is even a TV in there! Everything in the room was clean. Check-in time is stated as 3pm, but we arrived at 1:30 and were able to check in at no extra charge. The girl who checked us in was very nice and professional. They will offer you discounted room upgrades if available, and they offer suggestions for things to do within the resort. You can tell that they truly want you to have the best experience possible. Encore is pretty far at the end of the strip, but don't be put off by this if you like to get around all over the strip. A cab ride to the other side of the strip will only cost you about $20, or the walk to the center of the strip will be about 25 minutes. The Fashion Show Mall is a closer walk and features a ton of dining options, as well as a food court if you want to save some money. If you are looking to spend your stay mostly at Encore there is actually a lot to do within this resort and the Wynn, which is connected to it. For clubs you have XS (one of my favorites), Surrender, Tryst, and Encore Beach Club. Cirque du Soleil Le Reve, The Dream, is located in this resort. There are also dining and buffet options, and gambling/slots of course. The pools are always clean and maintained. Everything about this resort is upscale from the clubs, to the shopping, dining, and decor. I just wish I could stay here more often, but the price definitely reflects the elegant experience.
4	Clean, modern, upscale rooms.  If you're staying on a weekend and want to rest be sure to get the rooms that are not facing the pool/XS.  The music pumps until 4am.  Small gaming area that's not too smoky.  Table limits $15 and up for card games and craps.Bar/lounge near the elevators doubles as breakfast and coffee stand in the morning.  Easy self park.
5	one of my favorite Vegas hotels.CLASSY, CLASSY....and Sexy!
5	Stayed here for two nights in January and it really is a gorgeous hotel with great grounds and casinos. A little bit out of the action of the rest of the strip for my liking but a short cab journey is only around $10. The pool was closed as it was Jan but you can use the Wynn one from 9 to 5pm if you like. Look for great deals on travelocity out of season!
3	I've waited a long time to write this review.  I needed time to forgive the Encore for both their snooty, pretentious check-in staff, spa attendants and pool servers during my stay.  That being said, I've turned the page and am ready to talk.  :-)Pros:1.  The rooms without a doubt are 5 stars--the nicest, cleanest and biggest rooms on the strip from a casino hotel.  2.  The restaurants are 5 stars--no denying.  Cons:3.  There is no fresh food service by the pool during the week.  They sell expensive food that has been pre-packed and not made to order.  I get that they are watching their bottom line, but aren't we staying at the Encore???  Other hotels have figured it out--seems to me that Steve Wynn should be able to as well.  4.  There are lots of tweaky, twenty-somethings running around filling up the day/night clubs--which is fine and would explain the impatient service.  But if that is not your scene, the pool experience is boring and uneventful.  Kind of a waste, actually.  I would stay here again for a retreat--to spa and have no scene.  That's not good or bad for me, just is.
5	Stayed in the Salon Suite in the tower suites area of Encore! It was an incredible experience. The room was huge, with a dining area, massage room, living room, bar area, large bedroom, and an amazing bathroom! The check-in desk was in a private and elegant area. We were served bottled water while we waited. An additional hotel rep came to greet us personally and we were given her business card if we needed anything during our stay.Our room came with in-room breakfast every morning. At night we would call in our order from a pre-selected menu ( items such as French toast, oatmeal, omelet, eggs/bacon, croissant sandwich, etc), as well as coffee/tea.  In the evenings, we would get turndown service. Slippers were set out, the lights dimmed, chocolates next to the bed, and fresh bottles of water set next to the bed for us. It was wonderful!During our stay, we used the salon (and barber shop) and spa, as well as the golf course, saw Le Reve. Every employee was wonderfully accommodating, and so polite. The hotel is so much quieter than the Wynn, and feels much more intimately classy. And it smells so good! I bought the scented oils sold in the Home Store so that I could experience it at home!If you can't decide between the Encore and Wynn, you can't lose either way. I personally liked the Encore more, for the fact that it was quieter and more intimate. However, most of all the attractions (shows, golf course, shops, sports book, etc) are at the Wynn, so we did a lot of walking! The Wynn is just as beautiful, the rooms are large and gorgeous, and it is convenient to every want and need you may have.But, if I had another choice, it would be Encore! Hope to see you soon!
3	Like my review of the Wynn, I don't get it.  It's far away from everything.  The casino is one of the smallest on the strip.  It's nice and clean but sterile.  It has no personality.  Being new, I expected more.
5	Love this place . There really isn't much more to say. All the restaurants and clubs are amazing. XS is  great club if you're looking for class and a great night. The rooms are amazing and the place is incredible. The decor is fantastic as well.
4	Rooms don't compare to the Venetian/palazzo, I prefer the palazzo. But if you're partying at the Wynn/encore the logistics scream out to stay here.
5	My wife and I stayed at Encore during Valentine's weekend. Since we drove in from Los Angeles, we appreciated the short walking distance between the self parking and the check-in desk. You immediately get the feeling of being at a premiere hotel rather than the typical Vegas casino. Why? Because of the huge windows and natural light Encore utilizes around the casino and restaurant areas. I've noticed that majority of the other hotel/casinos deny guests of natural lighting in (and around) the casino. This is one of the unique differences you will notice.When it came to the service (check-in, casino, waitresses, cafe, restaurants, housekeeping, buffet, and Le Reve staff), everyone was friendly and professional. For this caliber of hotel, I got the excellent service that I expected. Since I'm not a whale, I didn't expect whale treatment.My two regrets were not experiencing the spa, or the clubs during my stay. I was satisfied with my experience at Encore enough that I will consider this my first option when returning to Las Vegas. We never felt the need to leave Encore or the Wynn during our visit.
5	I have stayed at a lot of hotels on the strip, and I was totally surprised to find out that Encore is my favorite. The suite we stayed in was stunning- beautiful windows with a strip view, fantastic decor and spotlessly clean. Very well maintained. The casino had very little smoke and the clientele was higher class than some of the other casinos (helloooo treasure island). The stand out highlight is the spa. Amazing staff- my massage was outstanding. And the facilities are so delightfully decadent it is a crime to skip the chance at spending a whole day here enjoying the facilities. They have a recommended circuit- and everything you could possibly want. Sauna, steam room, great showers, other showers that have light therapy, a wall of copper cups and falling water, two long pools, one cold plunge pool and one cool plunge pool, and my favorite the heat tile lounger chairs. It is an oasis. This hotel- in every way is one of the best on the strip and my favorite place to stay in Vegas.
5	I found the rooms spacious, well appointed, very clean and had a great view.  We were above a nightclub so the heartbeat off bass from the music was quite audible but not necessarily unpleasant.  Staff was extremely friendly, courteous and helpful. The casino itself is gorgeously decorated and very little smell of smoke.  One of my favorites!
3	Honestly. I was very excited to stay here because of the name. However it fell short to meet expectations it set for itself for being a five star resort. First thing... If you're young they do not treat you as well as they do with their older clientele. Or at least in my experience that is what happened. I have stayed in many hotels and I do consider myself a hotel connessuer... For the price I paid it wasn't five star service. Also I have asked for hot water for coffee, tea, and for noodles (I'm Asian). We had to pay for a hot water kettle ( I guess that's fine but other five star wouldn't nickel and dime like that)...and on top of paying for it ,the water in the kettle have us a horrible nauseating feeling... It was so bad I had to go clubbing sober..... Because I didn't want to puke noodles all over the club. So if you wish to has a five star vacation in Vegas. Stay at city center. Stay at Cosmo, stay at mandarin oriental.  If you want to go to Wynn and encore. Just come for the high end dining and overpriced clubs. In my opinion... The type of people that pay to stay at encore aren't looking for quality but paying for the flash that they are staying at encore.  So disappointed. Rooms were clean and architecturally it was beautiful... However to be a five star you need to treat all guest regardless of age, gender, race, creed as if they are VIPs... Because money is money.  With that said I give this hotel a 3 star despite it's claim of being a five star. Another pseudo five star resort in Las Vegas.
1	I have been a patron of this establishment for many years. My brother is a dj in vegas and I always refer this place even when he has his friends stay at cosmopolitan but after my last experience I will never stay and I will never refer this establishment to my friends.I arrived at the Encore and felt the usual excitement of Vegas and I was stoked because I love the red decor and the smell of their air fresheners. I was greeted by the front desk as usual checkin was smooth. After I got into the room I wanted a shower... that was until I saw blood all over the damn shower. I chose to skip the shower and ask for them to fix the issue. The front desk said they would send someone up. After about an hour and a half they finally sent someone to clean the windows....yes I said windows. I had to specify the shower is what needed to be cleaned because there was blood. I left the room and when I came back the room smelled so strongly of bleach I didn't want to stay in it. I left and came back decided to shower and the blood was still all over the place. Since it had been now a day since showering I had to stand on the bench to avoid contact with the blood.I wish it got better but it did not. I was visiting my best friend for his birthday and we decided to have a few drinks in the room and talk as it had been a while since we had spoken and a security guard by the name of Anthony stopped at the door to let us know we needed to quiet down because we had noise complaints. We had no music or anything out of the ordinary and he said he didn't hear anything but was instructed to ask us to quiet down. He came for a second time and said this is your third warning and your friend must leave. I asked who I needed to speak with to handle the issue. Anthony said to speak with the casino manager, that would have been helpful if that person was available but I had to speak with the front desk manager who said if I didn't quiet down she would have to kick me out....After I left vegas and submitted my complaint via the email survey it took 3 weeks to get a response and they said my feedback was important and had been sent to management... 2 months later I am posting this review, I gave them ample time to respond to me and I still have not heard from them other than their spam post mail with offers to stay with them. Do not waste your valuable and hard earned money here. They do not treat their customers with respect. Do not be fooled. Stay at the Aria, I already booked there and feel way more welcomed by them I was assigned a personal concierge and a direct line to her office and this is only my first time booking there/. I will post my review of the Aria soon which I am sure will be much better than BLOOD all over my bathroom and being threatened to be kicked out for talking to a friend in my room that I paid for.
4	Of all the hotels in Las Vegas, the Wynn and the Encore are probably my favourite so perhaps I'm a little biased for this review.In my experience, everything works well at the Encore, check-in is smooth and devoid of staff who have "just started and it's my first day so bear with me", In my opinion the Wynn properties feel a little more homely than other hotels that are anonymous and very cookie cutter.On this occasion I had a Strip View suite, I have no idea which one but it was a suite. The room is very well appointed with a sitting area, a work area, a very nice bed and a great bathroom. I was told that with a Strip View room I might be able to hear noise from the nightclubs XS and Surrender. I didn't notice it so it wasn't a problem.As with most Vegas hotels now they levy a "resort tax" which is $25 a day here. It covers off Wifi access (which works beautifully for a change) and you can use the in room telephone anywhere in the USA. One of my only complaints about the room was that it's looking a little dated and in some areas a little worn.My other complaint was related to a late check out request I made, I had to make some important calls at 1pm which is the latest gratis check out they can do apparently. To extend the check out further was going to cost over $200. I decided to call again and ask, this time the front desk extended it another hour for free. Why they didn't offer this in the first place I don't know.A great stay and it's a pity I don't get to stay more often as most of the conferences and trade shows I attend are elsewhere in Las Vegas.
5	The very best, Modern clean and spacious suite, awesome views of strip, impeccable service, very efficient front desk, concierge  and valet.Steve Wynn is the King of Vegas..Cannot find better in Las Vegas if you like luxury .Bravo..
5	Do I really need to review this place!  This was the best place hands down to go we will be back again.  Five stars why OK let me tell youCustomer service, cleanliness, views, spas, and best room set up. It was like a  hgtv get away!
1	Terrible stay. Not a five star hotel. Room had dust everywhere(window panes, ac vent, desk, lamp shades, around tv, ceiling lights, bathroom lights) pen and blue stuff on shower floor, white stains on couch and window (appeared to be semen), hand prints all over window, food crumbs with opened crystal light and Special K wrapper in bedside drawer, in closet drawer had previous guests receipts, tissues, clothes tags, and medication papers. Complained to asst. housekeeping; did not want to move since we were staying short time but told us room would be clean 9:30 am next day. Left came back around 1 pm room wasn't touched. Left came back room was still dirty. Complained again to 2nd manager. Complained again to housekeeping manager and finally room was cleaned properly. Offered us a $50 food comp which we didn't use. Food it overpriced anyway so I don't even think we woukdve gotten one meal from that. Asked for it to be applied to our hotel bill upon checkout, couldn't do that. Extremely disappointed. Felt we were treated like 2nd class citizens bc we are younger than the typical encore guests. Called hotel after we got home, said there's nothing else they could do and was confrontational about the whole situation. If problem would've been solved properly after first complaint, we would've been okay. And the amount of grossness we encountered within the first 15 minutes of unpacking was terrible. I've stayed at the days inn and it has been cleaner. Only thing that was good was the bed, view was ruined but the nasty white stains. Management needs to work on customer satisfaction. Super overpriced, no complimentary coffee. I've stayed at five star hotels that give free wifi and coffee. Everything costs extra money here. Stay at bellagio if your looking for an upper class hotel stay, will never stay at the disgusting place. Poor resolution of issues.
5	What's not to love about the Wynn Hotel?Well, ok, maybe if you received bad service or had a terrible experience. But customer service is really good there for the most part. Other than that, this is my most favorite hotel resort on the strip. From the decor of classic red and off-white colors and chandeliers hung above a high ceiling, to the scent of the hotel once you walk in. It gives me such a nostalgic feeling. Asian theme hotel. Mr. Wynn loves the Asian culture so it's only right to open a hotel with Red colors and have a restaurant in the hotel called Red 8. The lucky number 8 in the Asian culture. Home to the hotness night clubs, XS, and the day club pool party, Encore Beach Club. I always have the best time at these venues, not forgetting Tryst. Rooms itself is spacious and the beds are amazingly comfortable. I came in this trip to meet with a potential job offer in Special Events. The meeting went very well. We shall see if this will be the right fit for me in this city.
4	The Encore.  This one of the best hotel in Vegas over priced but an great staff with all the amenities anyone could ask for.  The rooms and the view of Vegas is so good you can't ever put it to words.This is the third year in a role and I will be back.Thanks Wynn you do great work, let's work on the restaurant.
1	This review is for the CASINO FLOOR only. I didn't stay here, thank goodness. My friends and I stayed at The Mirage but stopped here just to check out the casino and play some slots. It was March Madness weekend so all of the TVs were showing the games. After playing a bit, I decided to watch some basketball. All the seats at one bar were taken, and there was another bar that was closed next to it that also had TVs with the game on. So, naturally, a few of us bar patrons bought a drink at one bar, then sat at the closed bar area just to watch the game. Now, this bar is not a closed space. It's just a counter with chairs along a casino walkway. So, many people who walked through stopped periodically to watch the game. Soon, bar staff walked behind the counter and said nothing to us as we watched, and we didn't bother them. Then a security guard comes by and says that since the bar is closed, we can't sit at the counter and have to leave. Yes, his exact words were "You have to leave." Mind you, we were all paying customers with drinks on hand. We weren't yelling or screaming. We were all actually pretty quiet enjoying the game. He stayed there until everyone picked up their drink in amazement and began to leave.If we were loud, or brought in outside food, or took up space that other paying customers needed, I'd understand. But hell, we bought drinks at the bar next door which had no empty seats left. And the seats at this bar weren't being used. Even the bar workers didn't care we sat there.I got similar treatment watching some of the card games. I got rude dealers asking, "Well are you going to play?" This place just cares about taking your money and places zero premium on customer service. I would never stay here even if they comped me a room.
5	First time to Vegas I stayed at encore July 2010. Fell in love with this hotel. Best place to stay and party.  Food is awesome. Buffet at Wynn is good. SW  for dinnerCountry club for lunch. Awesome 2nd stay at ENCORE dec 2010 It's cold in dec in Vegas . But still a great time Encore pool is heated 3rd stay Came back for the Super Bowl FEB 2011GB vs PIT. Had a great time stayed at ENCORE and bet on GB to win :)
4	-room was beautiful and spacious-bed is comfortable-bathroom smelled a little construction when wet (stucco-type smell)-upper floors have a great view-room service breakfast was delicious (kinda expensive)-casino area is not too chaotic or crowded-saw Herman Cain gambling (!!!)-pool area is too small and not relaxing.  okay if you want to go down there to party.  not for kids
1	we just stayed at the encore. We found there service to be insincere. They generally will have good face to face interaction but rarely follow through with anything. Drinks and food are outrageously expensive and the "European pool" is always in and out of the shade. Also, We got a cabana at the pool which never saw the sun. Finally, we left some sun glasses in the women's bathroom. The staff said they had found them  but instead of turning them into the lost and found left them on their cleaning cart and another staff member must of took them because we never got them back. After 6 phone calls their claims staff said too bad.We will not be staying at the Encore ever...
5	I just went to Vegas for the weekend and stayed at the Encore. What a beautiful/amazing hotel. The room was stunning, the customer service was great, and everything else about the hotel was 5 star in my opinion. We did Encore Beach club on Saturday, I had such a blast, but I am so happy we had a bungalow with bottles, that place is not cheap! We then went to the pool on Sunday, no complaints there, the pool was beautiful and the staff was great. I also ate at the lobby bar for dinner a few nights. I would definitely stay here again.
1	So my 3 friends and I went to the encore beach club Saturday and two of them turned in mine and my other friend stuff into lost and found with out name.... My phone two Steve Madden heels two shorts and two cover ups were turned in.... We went to lost and found and the only thing they retrieved was my phone but lost all our other stuff... Don't know how that could of happened when the two girls working there totally identified out stuff and said a worker is bringing it then all of a sudden they said they gave it to some guy we were hanging out with (which was a lie because they didn't have it) we wrote a claim that night and said they would look through videos but said the "trees" were in the way.... Worst Vegas experience ever thanks to the workers of the Encore Beach club...
1	There are allot better hotels. Hopefully they read this. They will work on it. No comps. Even If you spend $10000 at craps and tip every hand win or lose. And if yer not super attractive they are very rude. Oh and house keeping stole my meds.and my ray bans.
5	After a long flight from Glasgow, I landed in Las Vegas for a nice weekend to recover from jet lag before heading back to LA. I stayed at my usual favorite spot, the Encore (in the Encore tower suites) so this review might be a little bias. This place is beautiful, clean & great for a nice weekend get away or a long stay. I love this hotel because it reminds me of Europe, has so many yummy places to eat & awesome craps tables. If you love to relax you can lounge by the 2 amazing pools (one family style and one European 21+ pool) or hit the Spa for a relaxing massage & facial. If you like to party there is the encore beach club (a day pool party) XS, & Surrender ( nightclubs, both so much fun). There are also numerous bars and lounges for pre drink or chilling. I used to stay at the Wynn but the encore is MUCH chiller, less crowds of families and children & more adult friendly. Awesome views from your room & excellent amenities! Such a wonderful hotel, sometimes I wish I could live there :)
4	After a long week of trade show in Vegas where I was staying at the Mandalay Bay I checked into the Encore for the weekend for some down time.The first room they have me had a north facing vista which just looks like a building site complete with the Las Vegas Hilton which has seen better days. As a tip all the odd numbered rooms face north. I asked to change to a strip view and unfortunately they didn't have a room. They did however promised to call me back the next day to change my room. In my experience hotel staff normally tell you that to get you off their back and then forget about it. The next day, we got a call saying our strip view room was waiting and we could move whenever we liked. I was taken aback by that, a hotel that actually does what they say they will between shifts!If I had to say the one word that makes the Encore worth the extra money then it would be "service". Not once did I bump into a miserable employee or someone who didn't bend over backwards to help.My only grumble about this trip is the business center. It opens at 8am Pacific time when it's already 11am on the East Coast and 4pm back in the UK. I had to print and scan something in a hurry but I had to wait until it was open. When it did open, I was assisted by the most helpful person and I managed to get my documents printed and scanned.Another delightful stay. My compliments to Steve Wynn and his staff for setting a high bar for hotels in Las Vegas.
5	Stayed here this past week for my birthday and couldn't have stayed in a nicer place and had a wonderful experience. At check in, Katrina, was so sweet and even noted that it was my birthday. She was very kind and even upgraded our view to The Strip/Pool view. Even gave us a warning that we might hear noise from Surrender at night (but we didn't!). She was definitely a great person to check-in with!!Our room was a resort king suite overlooking the strip/Wynn/ and pool. Awesome layout: separate sitting area, king size bed, huge bathroom. Hotel Bell Staff got our luggage to our room in less than 5 minutes from when we called. Very fast and attentive.Loved how it was walking distance to mall, Palazzo/Venetian, and a $15 cab ride to Mandalay.So happy that we got to stay here. Booked through Hotel Tonight and was able to save over $400 for our stay of 3 nights. You can save more by using promo code GEDRA to save $25 off first booking through Hotel Tonight.
5	i'm a 30 old dude and came to town by myself to attend a wedding and decided to live it up a bit. what can i say? this place is ridiculous. such an awesome hotel. i got a room on the 61st floor with an amazing view of the mountains. the room was huge (panoramic king suite) and the service was even better.i made all these plans as to what i would do with myself during my trip, but i just ended up staying in encore/wynn basically the whole time. i did the nightclub thing at tryst and XS and did the day party at encore beach club. i also just chilled at the much quieter european pool. all were fun as hell in their own way and i definitely recommend each.the only negative is how expensive the place is. EVERYTHING is money there. however, you should know that going in like i did. if money isn't an issue for you, then you absolutely have to stay in encore at some point. you will not be disappointed.oh, and for the reviewers complaining about noise, encore hosts some of the hottest clubs in town after all. what the hell did you expect? go stay at the stratosphere if you want peace and quiet. unreal.
4	"Can I get an Encore/do you want more"- Jay ZI found myself wanting more of the Encore because it is a very nice and cozy hotel. We walked into a room with a fabulous view of the strip with its sister hotel the Wynn across the way shining bright like diamonds. The room was spacious and clean. I always wanted a room with remote control blinds and finally got it here. The bathroom was perfect for taking care of the three S and for make up for the women folk. A safe in the closet kept my goods mine. The room service and concierge was on point. The housekeeping was standard. Nice flat screen tv, but it was annoying how Steve Wynn kept poppin up talking on the promo station that automatically pops up of the tv remotes is as much as looked at. The lobby and actual casino piece is not as good. The cocktail waitress are not as friendly as some others and the floor restrooms ate not as clean as some of the other luxury hotels. However, I am comparing them to luxury so that means its still better than most hotels.
5	This is my new Vegas hotel of choice. Beautiful decor. Excellent room service/ customer service. Nice gym and club! What more can I ask? I love it here and will most definitely be back with and without the kids :)
2	The main bar would not serve us drinks because my wife did not have her ID on her. Granted she looks great but she does not look under 21. So we went to the other bar where they did not see a need to ID us nor did they ID us at the tables.
5	Hands down the best hotel in Vegas!  I visit Las Vegas an average of 6-8 times a year.  I have stayed in every hotel from Venetian/Palazzo, Cosmo, Bellagio, etc.  Encore blows away the competition!  From the initial service at valet and check-in to the room service time, Encore has perfected it!  Also, if your not sure about Wynn or Encore, opt for Encore!  The rooms are larger, have a better floor plan, and designed in a such a way, you'll never want to leave!
3	Nice hotel with large rooms.Loved the bathroom and separate living space.But the bed was too soft for me.The casino area was kind of small.For a newer hotel, the slot machines felt old too.There was always traffic to get to the other side of the strip.Overall, the hotel was good. I just prefer the Aria/Cosmo side of the strip.
4	We've stayed at the Encore several times. Just going to list everything to be quick. Le Reve- awesome. There are better shows though. ie Absinthe is amazing. The Buffet- not as many options as I expected. Basically salad, pasta, seafood or imitation Asian. Casino- we spend a lot of time here. Staff is nice. Drinks come around sort of often. The Room- everything looks clean and smells nice. Never had a problem with theft or service. Bed is uncomfortable. Seating area is always freezing compared to sleeping area. I don't understand why the towels are like sand paper.... Fridge space for $25 is stupid. Hello... Where's the coffee!?Oh. The lowest floor we've stayed on was the 27th. We've never had a noise problem. Not from neighbors or the clubs. Xcess- very nice. Felt out of place in my flats. Really out of place. Ha!Society- yum. I eat here often.Botero- wow!Spa- smelled good. Awesome massage. Salon- Waxed my eyebrows for the first time. The lady was very nice and knowledgeable. Overall, we love staying here. But will probably try something new next time. Just because it's time. I think we've stayed here at the very least 5 times.
2	Great hotel, but be cautious of the hidden fees. They will charge your credit card without your approval and dislike children staying there.
4	Stayed here in Feb 2014 at the King Tower Suites. Note..... You have your own driveway with security there, own elevators away from regular hotel lobby, no resort fees, free hot beverage before 8 am in tegu cafe, and in room breakfast every morning.  Service was fantastic at the front valet, check in lady was a bit snooty, casino staff was good, servers for the casino floor didn't remember what you order although we tipped. Experience was good except the few negatives.  Wi Fi is free in the Tower Suite rooms as well and no extra resort fees
4	This was my first time staying at Encore and I was not disappointed. We have been to Vegas a dozen times and have stayed at many of the hotels but Encore has to be my favorite so far. The rooms were comfortable and very spacious. The bed was amazing. It was like laying on a bed of clouds! The bathroom had enough room for multiple people to get ready with enough mirror space for everyone. The Desert Bambu bath products are some of the best! I am tempted to call the Wynn and see if I can buy full size bottles of the stuff! It was also nice having the sitting area. We didn't leave the property very often but that was not a bad thing! The pool was fabulous. Servers came around pretty frequently. The staff also came around quickly to clean or the lounge chairs when people left. The area was clean and it seemed like someone was always around to help if you needed it.We were on the 37th floor and there was little outside noise that could be heard. We couldn't even hear the rooms next to us if they had their TV on. What a nice change!The only hiccup was that we were there for a wedding and it was requested that all the guests be in the same area. This delayed getting our room a little bit because it was not cleaned when we checked into the hotel. This is no fault of the hotel. I actually thoguht it was great that they grouped us together...and even upgraded a few of us. Overall we had a wonderful experience. The service was top notch. For example, do you know any other hotel that will check into your flight for you and print the boarding pass at no charge? They do that at the Encore! Yes, it does cost a little more money overall, but it is money well spent! We did end up visiting a few other hotels/casinos during our stay and that just solidified that we would be back to the Encore. It is just a different standard of service.This was also the first time that I didn't want to leave the hotel for any reason. Everything I wanted was on the property. Job well done, Encore!
5	My favorite hotel in Vegas.Encore and wynn.All the restaurant are amazing,is classy ,the spa is AMAZING!The bed are so confortable.
4	My wife and I enjoyed the Encore for it's luxurious rooms. We had a great time with all the amazing amenities. I kind of like details and the electric curtains were so cool and made it so easy to be able to control them from across the room. The only thing I didn't like was that the internet wasn't free. Usually there is a free option and upgrades you can pay for but not here. Great location for a hotel and it's at a great spot on the strip.
4	I've been to Vegas at least 100x in my life. To be honest, I prefer staying on this side of the strip, as it's close to the mall and many of the clubs/restaurants that I really enjoy going to. Wynn/Encore is located right across the street from the Fashion Show Mall and next to the Venetian/Palazzo. Encore is the newer tower of Wynn.My absolute favorite hotel on the street is the Palazzo. The parking garage at Wynn and Encore is small and confusing. The service, in my experience, hasn't been as pleasant even though they go out of their way to attempt to say your last name at every place you go to in here and print your name on your room key card. Decor wise, I would say it's most like the Bellagio. All rooms are suites, and if you are facing the strip, you may be able to hear noise from the clubs downstairs even if you're on the 23rd floor.Despite all this, this is a truly beautiful, clean, and wonderful hotel. If you're looking for luxury on the strip, this is definitely one of the best hotels to stay. Also: points down for no reception and spotty wifi. $25 resort fee will include wifi.
1	DO NOT waste money.  I am 40s and have been a couple hundred places.  I had bad food, bad service, bad room and hall way flood.  When asked what was being done felt like I was a discount ally motel.  This is not the place to go if you think Steve Wynn will give you his time.  I have tried it twice and had friends go through the same thing.  NOT SURE STEVE CARES.NO NO NO run
4	For the ladies, beware if you are staying here for EDC week...I wish I could stay at the Encore each time I came to Vegas. If you want to be treated like a King/Queen, they definitely do their best to make you feel like royalty. Aside from minor personal complaints, I must say this is a classy place. As I arrived for my 9 day stay during EDC week last June, the bell boy was making a few remarks that I wasn't too thrilled about. He mentioned, "I can tell you guys won't be eating at any of our restaurants". After explaining that we were staying 9 days and the fact that we did NOT bring any food with us, he said okay. Yes I had a big cooler to hold all my alcohol and to my surprise, they almost did not allow me to have so much due to the fact that they didn't want us to be all crazy in the hotel. Come on! I didn't pay so much for my bf and I to be hassled left and right. 9 days is a lot, it wasn't like I wasn't going to purchase anything there. Check in can be hit or miss with the lines. Just be patient, the place is worth it! The casino is quite lively at any time of day and everyone is extremely helpful when you need anything.Our suite was lovely! Very comfortable, very clean, and was better than the pictures online! We had a crazy schedule where we were asleep during the day and up at night. I really wish the maid services paid a little more attention to the DO NOT DISTURB signs. Every now and then we had to yell through the door to go away. They do, however, send someone to clean your room at whatever time you ask so we were grateful for that at least.I am aware of the class this place has, but I had issues each time I entered/tried leaving to EDC. Security stopped me each day and told me to go back to my room to cover up or wait outside until I cover up. WHAT? I'm just trying to leave/return to my room, not hang out and parade myself for the hotel guests! I thought this was incredibly rude especially since my outfits were not something out of the norm. I saw girls on the floor but I am the one being scolded? Please....The food here is glorious! Beware, there is nothing cheap here or at the Wynn! Dinner for two at some places were $300+ no alcohol! To this day, we still think all our expensive meals were worth it. Room service is devine! I was sick one day and ordered soup to the room. Best soup ever! I can't forget how amazing it was.Due to my personal complaints, I'm not sure I want to stay at an EDM friendly place and get picked on when I just want to leave/enter my damn hotel. Also, if you are looking for great rates, buying a flight+hotel is the cheapest way to go. I wanted to give the Encore another 9 days of business this year, but for EDC, I think I'll go to friendlier EDM hotel. I'll make sure to come back here during a regular week instead no thanks to those security guys.
5	encore parlor suite - great view of the strip; great service and my favorite casino to stay at in Las Vegas (best people)
5	Wow just wow. I have been to hotels all over the country and world, but the level of service and pampering that occurs at the encore is top notch. From the first contact with employees to the last is always pleasant and engaging. My partner and myself visit Vegas frequently, we will not stay anywhere other than encore. The rooms are very transitional aesthetically and exceptionally well appointed. My favorite part aside from the rooms and service is the pool/spa. Even if you do not enjoy the spa, you must visit just to see stunning design, details, and service. The pool, i always opt for the European pool, not for the sights, but for the no children atmosphere. The pool cocktail servers are constantly anticipating your needs, which seems to be a recurring thing at this resort. The best days for the pool, while might be crowded are Saturday and Sunday, as a dj is playing some sort of edm music. I am a lover of all things room service, and encore room service really delivers on the room service. Some of the best dinners I have had in Vegas were encore room service. Also, if you need a night of recovery, order a movie and room service. Room service has a movie night package, which consists of candy, popcorn, and sodas.Worth the hype.
2	The hotel and check-in staff are excellent but the Encore pool and cabana situations have deteriorated.  The cabanas are worn and the furniture is extremely beaten and chipped.    We also had left over trash (a straw and a beer can) in ours.  While I realize it's a club at night that contributes to wear and tear, the $300/day charge (not including drink and food service) was very excessive given the quality of the experience. We also heard a group complain that there was a sign disallowing European bathing due to a private event.  [Nothing worse than checking into a hotel only to have private events limit the expected common facilities without prior notice].  Nevertheless, the private event never seemed to materialize at any point in the day.Sadly, they've also removed the fantastic "Sugar & Spice/Pizza/Dessert" cafe from the Wynn esplanade and replaced it with a Givenchy.    This was a great cafe where one could have lunch, coffee, dessert, etc. away from the smoke of the casino while watching the waterfalls from the outside patio.The last day we order breakfast per room service for six am in that we had to catch a flight.  Although room service had been on time before, they somehow missed us. After placing 2 calls to dining services, it finally arrived at 6:30 as we were about to head out the door.No new shows here. We saw Danny Ganns (he was the greatest!) and Beyonce here.  The Wynn desperately needs some new artists, if only for special events.  Curiously, although we've been to the Encore several times since opening and they still ask us at check in if we've visited before. Also, at check out no one asked us how our stay was. Unfortunately overall, the quality of the stay has gone done a notch.
2	From the beginning the staff was not very accommodating starting at checkin where the only way I could check in was to upgrade (around noon).   The first room I checked into prior to that had so much perfumed rug cleaner it was hard to breathe, again problems with the front desk changing this.    Also all the club patrons make the cab lines excessively long.  I was visiting on business and had to leave a half an hour early to make sure I got a cab.    Also traveling by yourself here seems to be an anomaly.  The restaurant staff at wazuzu made me pay for my meal halfway though so I could go to the bathroom.  This despite having my room number and name on file.  The manager explained that they needed collateral from patrons so they did not walk out.   It was offensive.   I will stay again at the aria, bellagio, or palazzo in the future.   All three hotels offer an equally high user experience without the high handedness that seems to be pervasive here.
5	Great service! Friendly staff! Happy people!  And the suites are gorgeous! It made my trip to EDC 2014 super comfy:) and live their late check out at 8 pm :)
5	Oh, Encore...how do I love thee. For two people who had not been to Vegas in over 10 years it says a lot that our third visit in less than a year is in a week.The hotel is gorgeous and filled with light. The service is impeccable (Hello to Darlene at The Buffet and the bartenders at The Vault) we felt pampered the entire time. The Encore made me enjoy a vacation where we really just did nothing.And...hint...the perfect place for an "adult" Thanksgiving is The Encore We'll see you for the 4th if July!
5	Excellent decore. Only Wynn and Encore have remained my best favorite hotels to stay,  favorite second would be city center complexes.Interior is lavish and rooms are well designed. I Prefere encore rooms over Wynn, more my style.
3	Until 5:30 this morning I would have rated this five stars, but having to deal with drunk smokers while trying to find a cup of coffee really put me off. The cafe doesn't open until 6am and we had an early flight to catch. I was directed to the East Bar which was packed with drunk 20-something smokers. Really off-putting--some of Encore's guests *are* grown-ups. The hotel itself is gorgeous (aside from the smoke) and our room was really nice (aside from a torn duvet cover and a lack of outlets in useful places.)We had several meals here and one big plus is that my allergies were easily handled--with absolutely no hesitation or trouble. Dinner at Red 8 was fantastic. Breakfast at Society Cafe was meh (the omelet was dry--overcooked and maybe had been sitting?) but the way my allergies were handled was impressive. I was fully prepared to only stay at Encore any time I'm in Vegas but after this morning, I'm not entirely certain I'll be back. While I don't need to find the Senior Center just yet, I would rather stay in a hotel that caters to adults, not the club crowd.
5	This is my wife and mine's favorite place to stay in Vegas. We have stayed at many of the resorts in Vegas like wynn,  Venetian, MGM, cosmo and the encore is just prefect did us. We love how relaxing and clean everywhere is at the encore. Service is consistently great everywhere. The rooms are large and they have great rates at times and don't make you always pay the resort fee if you don't want to use this like the gym. This saves a great deal of money. It is easy to get to and is on the strip. The pools are nice and summer at very air and relaxing.
4	I love staying here! The only down side is that it's on the end of the strip. It's nice if you only want to go to xs, surrender, or ebc. Which is where most of the headliners play. The rooms are 10/10 and of course their bathrooms are above and beyond of what is expected. Be careful not to knock over any of the purchasable items or you will be charged.
2	Checking in took about 20 minutes. The girl that helped us at the front desk was less than friendly. She missed a lot of details. We had to pay $50 to get two queen beds. Couch wasn't very comfortable. TV is oddly placed. Had a great view of the strip on the 57th floor. There are red glittery butterflies and dragonflies everywhere. It looks like a 10 year old girl decorated the lobby and casino. I won't be staying here again. If you want a variety of nice restaurants, and to go to the beach club, and xs nightclub, and don't care about having any cheap options like walgreens and food court, then I'm sure you'll like it. Otherwise, stay at the palazzo.
5	A true 5 star resort with amazing amenities. The suite was huge and the resort fee covered the gym and internet. Lots of dining options and great service at the concierge and all throughout. Encore is connected to Wynn so you get the best of both casinos. Rooms were super clean and very modern and new. Awesome experience!
1	The Vegas club was booming all night. My family did not get any sleep even though we stayed on the 27th floor. It was not a pleasant experience. We will not be coming back.
5	I treated myself to a few nights here in the middle of a long trip to Vegas and I was not disappointed. The rooms were absolutely stunning, as were the views. The pools are nice, as well with there never being a shortage of waitresses to take your drinks order (which is an important detail). It is also surprisingly reasonably priced for such a beautiful hotel. I will definitely be staying there again!
5	Beautiful hotel. Room spotless. Comfy bed. Clean bathrooms. Slept with curtains open was awesome. Asked for fridge and got it complementary. Pool water was warm though. In 113 degree weather. Lovely hotel. Flowers, butterfly's and romantic red everywhere. Stay here!!!
3	The bathroom had a moldy smell, and it came from the shower stall. It was so poorly designed, there is no room for moisture to escape. The glasses come up to the ceiling and there is no vent directly over it, so it created the perfect environment for molds. The cleaning was not done well either... soap scums in the area where you can't see directly.One good thing was their service for baby crib and separate fridge for milk storage.Very disappointed with the bathroom - won't stay there again.
3	Stayed here on a recent trip and it was solid as to be expected. Great service and the rooms are always nice.
4	Very nice rooms.  Good service.  A bit far from other hotels and the crowd is a bit older.
5	Fantastic hotel complex - I stayed at the Encore but also spent some time at the Wynn as well. First of all, the decor and layout of both of these hotels is inviting and very open. If I ever went back to Vegas this would likely be the only hotel I consider for one specific reason - while many other hotels along the strip are beautiful and well decorated, this one is the only that does not seem overly packed with tourists who are taking pictures and/or finding their way around. Of coarse, I'm a tourist too, but this hotel feels like vacation.The pools at both Encore and Wynn are beautiful. The service in the cafes and restaurants is great. We splurged a little bit and had a nice dinner at the Country Club. If you're thinking of it - do it! It's not only romantic, the food and wine are amazing.Lastly - the actual rooms in the hotel (I can only speak for Encore) are exactly what they look like in the pictures. The suites are huge, clean, and beautiful. I've never stayed anywhere else in Vegas - but this is by far the best hotel I've stayed in. If you book in advance, it's also reasonably priced.
5	I gotta give Steve Wynn his props.  Golden Nugget, Mirage, Bellagio, Wynn, Encore.  He built each of those properties, and each of them raised the bar in Vegas.  Like it's sister property (The Wynn), Encore is a very nice, easy place to stay in Vegas.  The accommodations and service are top notch, and it's a beautiful, easy to navigate property.  I can't say which of the two properties I prefer, and it's a little tough to describe how the two properties differ from one another even through they are far from identical to one another.  I would say Encore has a more sedate feel to it overall. My sense is it does not get as many people wandering in from Las Vegas Boulevard as the Wynn.   Although, like the Wynn, the Encore is a thoroughly modern Vegas hotel, it retains a lot of old Vegas feel to it in terms of scale and service.  Genuinely great service used to be a given in Vegas almost anywhere you went, but it's become increasingly rare.  I miss the old Vegas a lot, and the Wynn reminds me of the old Vegas even if it doesn't really look like the old Vegas.  Our room was perhaps the nicest room we've stayed in in Vegas.  It was effectively a junior suite with a good sized sitting area adjacent to the bedroom area.  This room seemed larger than it's equivalent at the Wynn, but it might just be a different layout that seems larger.  There are three nice sized pools on the property.  Two are for hotel guests only, and are about what you would expect for a luxury hotel in Vegas, which is to say they are very nice.  The third pool, Encore Beach Club, is open to anyone 21 and up willing to pay the entrance fee.  Think Rehab, Ditch Fridays, etc.  I think building a dedicated day club pool is a great idea.  It eliminates what would otherwise be an annoyance to guests who aren't down with the Bro's and Ho's pool scene (pretty much anyone over the age 30).  Parking is a breeze unlike many Vegas properties.  The parking structure is easy to get in and out of and easy to park i, and the walk from the parking structure to the casino is basically nothing.  If it's gambling, high end shopping, dinning, or nightlife you're after, Mr. Wynn's got you and your $$$$ covered sun up to sun up, basically, when you consider the late night club scene.  One gripe:  When the pools close at 7:00, the staff could have been a little more diplomatic when telling people they must leave the "regular" pool area.  After three loudspeaker announcements, no one needs to be barked at while whey are leaving.  Don't treat hotel guests the same way I imagine you treat some of the Beach Club clientele, mkay?  On a separate occasion, when my buddy was near the Beach Club, which you walk past to get to Las Vegas Boulevard,  a staffer asked him curtly, "can I help you?," when his tone suggested he really meant, "what are you doing here?" I would have replied, "Yes, a cold bottle of water would be nice, thank you."  Notwithstanding the somewhat less than diplomatic approach to closing the pool, I doubt anyone would be disappointed staying at Encore. Bonus:  Tacos El Gordo is a short walk up the boulevard away.  The spicy pork tacos there are spectacular and worth the short walk up the boulevard to an admittedly somewhat rough around the edges shopping center in the shadow of Encore to get them.  The vast majority of the denizens of Encore will never make that walk and will never know what they are missing.
1	No stars. Clubs security's and promoters are all very disrespectful. Had multiple problems with encore beach club and XS night swim.
5	We just came back from staying at the Encore for two nights and overall, it was really great.  The five star review comes with a caveat -- we stayed mid-week in the middle of the summer, so our king suite was just $200 a night -- a steal that must be done. *** Without the suite, my review would drop down to a 4.Why 5-star?1. The service is top-notch and we didn't have even to glance up to have people swarming us every second to ask if we needed anything. Check-in and check-out took five minutes.2. The decor and layout are amazing. I'm not a fan of Jeff Koons but there was plenty of other art and cool stuff to look at (fountains, waterfalls, carousel -- even the carpet is pretty cool!) as you waltz through both the Encore and the Wynn, which are connected, and the adjoining high-end stores (Alexander McQueen, Louis Vuitton, Graff, etc.) that connect the two hotels.  It was fun to window shop!  3. The room was just perfect: the Dream bed lives up to its reputation and now we're saving money to purchase this bed for ourselves so we can have this experience every night. We were on the 59th floor (definitely opt for a high floor if you can) and the sweeping views from the floor to ceiling windows kept us entertained at all hours.  The mini-bar was *fully* stocked (including a "pleasure pack* -- yes!) but there was no coffee machine (understandably -- a waste of space - who drinks that stuff any more?). The wi-fi was pretty good, but not perfect.4. The luxury here is the newness of the facility, the cleanliness (spotless mostly) and the amenities that are available. 5. The pool is lovely and a much needed respite from the 106-degree heat. Definitely get there early to score chairs in the shade. They provide towels, ice water (yes!!) and while we were there, we got free grapes and bottled water.  If you're feeling spendy, there are killer cabanas available that surround the pool, where you have lounges set up and cool water sprayed into the cabana -- nice....also, you can reserve umbrellas and chairs inside the pool.6. The casino was fun and not too smoky (compared to other hotels we went to) - we even won a little, so that was cool.  One of the slots I had let me play poker for 15 minutes on a dollar.7. This is not a "family-oriented" resort (thank you!!), but rather a playground for adults. The restaurants clearly state that children under 5 are not allowed in the dining room.  For some reason, a lot of today's parents do not understand that children under five should NOT be allowed in a fine dining establishment, so this rule was MUCH appreciated.  As a result, there were no screaming kids anywhere in the resort. Excellent!All this comfort costs money, so take some moulah!  Drinks inside were $12 each, at the pool - $15.  Double lattes + bagel + muffin = $25. Just a heads up!  Mostly, food was pretty good, although expensive for what you get. Our lunch at society cafe was good, but not great (my turkey "pastrami" sandwich was kind of gross even though the waitress had recommended it) but the best part was when the chef came out to discuss my husband's tree nut allergy (wow! didn't expect that) and we went to the Buffet for breakfast (all-you-can-eat - two of us - about $50) and the corn pancakes were ice cold and inedible, even though we arrived when the Buffet opened. I know...strange, but there it is.***Part of the luxury besides the deal on the room mid-week was that it was not very crowded when we were there. Friday, it started to get a bit crowded, so I highly recommend staying during the week.Would I stay here again?  Yes, provided we stay in a king suite. ;)
5	The Wynn Encore is my new favorite hotel while in Las Vegas. Recently I accompanied my boyfriend on a trip over the weekend and we opted for the Encore over The Wynn to try it out. The rate for a weekend at this amazing place was very good. They do have a rate guarantee if you book on the Wynn site, FYI. That includes an upgrade, and a price match. On check in, we had a bit of a line at the check in desk. But the staff was more than apologetic and kind to us on check in. We had booked a suite and it was upgraded to a panoramic view suite. I had just had surgery on my spine earlier that week and the check in girl offered to send up a refrigerator for my ice packs needed for my recovery. I know, spine surgery recovery in Vegas ??? Well, a suite at The Wynn Encore makes it a perfect place. It's truly a 5 star experience. The rooms in Vegas on a weekend can be noise intrusive from the halls. This room is sound proof; the only exception is our room was 39 floors up and we could hear the Deadmau5 party below both weekend nights bumping until about 0500am; I only know because I was up to medicate myself! The room was a spacious suite; two separate rooms and a bathroom suite with soaking tub and separate water closet. Little touches like touch control shades , drapes, night lights that dimly light the hall and bath area for night and EVEN the 'do not disturb' or 'make up room' are done via touch control. We ordered room service on our Saturday here; my love wanted a Wynn Signature Bloody Mary; no alcohol allowed for me, so I wanted a nonfat cappuccino service. The room service attendant, Diane, arrived about 30 minutes later , ( it's a huge hotel and I imagine room service in Vegas on a weekend is slammed), and had my steamed, frothed milk and espresso in separate canisters to keep hot. His Bloody Mary was hand shaken and mixed by Diane. She was friendly and on top of her game. Steve Wynn must appreciate his guests to make sure his staff is that attentive to the needs of the guest . We tried to add an extra tip to her check and she said , 'No! It's all inclusive in your bill'; that's never heard of. We dined at a few of the restaurants on Wynn/Encore property. One thing to remember: this is a 5star property to 'compete' with 'the best of the strip' , The Venetian; The Bellagio. You are gonna shell out some dollars by being here. The 2$ restaurant will run you close to $100 and the drinks in the lobby bar average $14 plus. It's not for coming to Las Vegas on a budget. If that's your thing , stay at a lower rated property. Everything here is beautiful; floral everywhere; high end shopping , like Fendi and Dior!!! I die! Great people watching from most places that are public : our place for my boo to have a night cap was the Lobby Bar. The typical club pretty's all shiny and drunk are fun to watch going to and from the clubs on property! Yes. Even The Wynn has drunk girls and guys and that's always fun entertainment; it's even better because I could not drink this time! The pool was wall to wall and closes early, in my opinion, to set up for the clubbing crowd. One pool staying open for adults would not be a bad idea. The staff manning the pool were also on their game, attentive and nice. Another note, not many children. Sorry. We like that. Our travel mates were down the strip further at a popular hotel, and the children running around the pool and common areas was beyond annoying; kids in Vegas???? Return factor , MINUS a surgery recovery, all in:-) I love this place .. More than The Venetian and more than The Bellagio. Next time I will stay a bit longer ; enjoy the spa and more of the food when I feel 100%.
5	I stayed at Encore last weekend and it is a beautiful hotel. I had an awesome suite on a top floor for the weekend and the staff was great and attentive.  The rooms are beautiful. The reason I'm giving it 4 stars because I felt that the crowd is definitely more "mature". and I was disappointed with food options. Younger people come for Encore beach Club but generally speaking the clientele is much older. Also drinks were ridiculously expensive. My average drink was $18-$20 dollars. Food selection was ok - both on site and room service. I had room service for breakfast the first morning and I was very unimpressed. Eggs Benedict was $32 and when it arrived, it was definitely lacking in portion size and taste. Mind you when you've been drinking all day or plan to drink all day -- food is critical! I just opted for a bottle of champagne instead :)  The restaurants were nice, food wasn't spectacular.  I did enjoy the pool area, but it was mostly couples and older folk. The EBC pool on the other hand was a blast, as always! They had a nice give away with free bikinis and temporary tattoos. Actually, I would like to give a shout out to the guys who work at XS, EBC and Surrender, very nice and accommodating. Stellar service there. The gambling is  expensive ($25 minimum tables) with not so many tables. I'm not an experienced gambler and I was hoping to try it out, but this is definitely not the place to learn. Would I stay here again? Maybe. Nice spacious rooms, good views, but small compared to most other hotels.  Service is great.  4.5 stars would be more accurate.Editing this review from 4 stars to 5: Went back to Encore the following weekend for a bachelorette party and the food at Botero was literally out of this world. YUM.
5	Wow. The Encore is stunningly beautiful.  So glad we ended up staying here.  From the moment we checked in, with a very helpful and friendly registration staff (who apologizes and thanks every guest for being patient as almost every hotel in Vegas takes forever to check in) to the next morning when we left - our stay was enjoyable.  Rooms: Huge. ModernBeds: ComfortableTech: iPod docks.  Light, privacy and curtain control bedside, as well as by front door.Bathrooms: TV in mirror.  Spacious.  Tub and shower stall.  No jacuzzi tub though.Pool:  Two of them.  One adult "european style" that allows topless bathing for women, which has a swim up bar.  Another closer to the main hotel with lounge chairs partly submerged in the pool.  Beautiful gardens area surrounding the pool, too. Casino: Easy to make your way around and not a crazy confusing maze like most other Vegas hotels.Bar casino-side - Eastside Lounge:  Live music nightly wed-sat, expensive, but great drinks.  If you get a table, 2 drink minimum.  No food served.  Ray makes an amazing Milagro Margarita (it'll set you back $15).  One downside: As most casinos allow smoking, this is no exception.  Unfortunately, there are not smoking areas here, and rather patrons can basically smoke anywhere.  Which leaves you smelling like smoke and basically the whole casino floor can be smoky.  Not fun. Otherwise, a great experience and would absolutely come back soon.
5	The most elegant hotel/casino in all of Las Vegas! Wynn is awesome and Encore is even nicer. It's quieter and more posh, with amazing red chandeliers throughout the casino. With XS nightclub and Encore Beach Club, this place caters to the kids with money too. Rooms are second to none! Book here if you want the finest experience.
5	One of the best hotels I have ever stayed. The rooms were elegant, spacious, clean and very comfortable. I would definitely come back.
5	What can I say, no one measures up to Steve Wynn when it comes to luxury hotels and casino. This is the place to stay in vegas and I've stayed in most of the best!Food.   Exquisite. Beach club.  No comparisons. Hotel. NiceCasino. Big money. I highly recommend it.
1	We would NEVER stay at "Encore" again!  The rooms were not overly luxurious (for the price we expected much more!), we didn't find ANY restaurant (including Allegro, the Buffet) that was even GOOD - let alone EXCELLENT - and all were way, way, way overpriced!  Drinks at the pool were watered down and $20/each!  Waitress service at the pool was S.....L,,,,,,O,,,,,,,W!!!!  AND, when we complained all we got was "sorry."  NOT. GOOD. ENOUGH!
4	Excellent resort... Very clean and the best part the rooms nor the restaurants  smell like cigarette smoke!!! Amazing restaurants n shopping center LE REVe great show, pool cabanas are stunning truly no need to even step out into the strip...great place to just relax Highly recommended!!!
2	The hotel itself was amazing. The decor beautiful, room nice and big with a even bigger beautiful luxurious bathroom. The beds feel like your sleeping on a cloud. And very convenient for those going to the club XS to see Diplo like we did. But there was a huge fault in this perfect stay. The room was paid for as a gift and all I had to do was put a $150 deposit which would be returned minus $28 for resort fees in 4 days sense I used my ATM. I only stayed for 1 night but they took for the first day $150 as expected then the next day $179 and then another charge for $270. For what reason I still have no clue sense the room had already been paid for. All of the charges got refunded one at a time after the 4 days but sense it was my ATM account it messed with all of my bills sense it was right at rent time. So sense they took that money out for no reason I did not have enough in my account at the time for a couple of bills to go threw and was charged late fees. Thanks ENCORE!!!So be careful and make sure to check your charges for they might pull a fast one on you. It's not the first time either for something similar happen to a friend of mine. Don't think I will go back and stay there for the fear they will mess up my bank again.
3	Why are we paying a 25 dollar resort fee a night, when the wifi didn't work the whole time we were there, and we couldn't get any 4g service!? I love the Encore hotel because of its amenities, the pools, the decor, the ambiance and its close proximity to Tacos El Gordo, Encore Beach Club, and XS! But it's such a hassle to go anywhere else as you're at the end of the strip! So factor in the amount of cab rides you will have to take if you want to go places.I will say that the staff was helpful, but not overly nice. In fact they have a pretty strict dress code here and they did ask people to leave if you weren't dressed accordingly. We stayed on the 54th floor, and had a gorgeous view of the strip, the rooms were amazingly large, and perfect because we asked for connecting rooms (upcharge of 30 dollars a night). Overall it was a great stay, but the lack of late night food places and food places in the hotel in general, would be reason enough to find somewhere else that's more poppin'.
5	Came to town to celebrate our anniversary and see Celine Dion. Our experience at the Encore was top drawer. The rooms are terrific with panoramic floor to ceiling views. We dined at Sinatra and the Point Cafe poolside for breakfast. The staff are terrific. Rebecca at the concierge desk tracked down some bud vases we admired at Sinatra"s and made it a point to get us two of them before we left. We've travelled the world and stayed in some marvelous hotels. The Encore is now in our top ten.
4	Stayed at the Encore last weekend. Overall had a great time. The staff was nice and the dealers and the cocktail girls were very pleasant as well. The reason for the four star review is actually two reasons. 1) When we asked for an upgrade upon arrival, they offered us a Panoramic View room at a "promotion rate". We went for it thinking that the upgrade will give us a better view from our room. Once we entered the room, the view was of a construction site and an empty huge parking lot. I do not consider this an upgrade, but rather the opposite. I didn't want to switch rooms as I was there not to stare outside the window and just wanted to get to enjoying Vegas. However, I did feel that we were taken for fools and were privately laughed at once we left the check in counter. This is definitely not something I would expect from Wynn. My advice is ask them specifically what the room view is and check the room first before telling them to bring up your luggage. 2) Having paid $300 per night, you would expect that you would get certain perks for being a valued guest of the hotel. My specific issue is going to a night club. We got bottle service the first night and it was a painless experience. However, the second night around, we wanted to stop by a different club for an hour or two of dancing and drinking and then head on to gamble for the rest of the night. I noticed from the night before that there was a line to get in to the club unless you were on a guest list or got bottle service. I went to the concierge to ask them to put us on a guest list to skip the line. The concierge told us there is a fee per person. The men are $55 and women a bit less. This was a big surprise for me.  Again, having paid a premium for the room, I would think that I would get the privilege of being able to enter the club without having to wait in line with people coming from other hotels who paid half the price for their rooms.  Apparently that's not the case which was very disappointing. Everything else on the other hand was excellent. The food was great as usual, the pool grounds were clean, and the hotel still maintains a great appearance.
4	The best of the best in Vegas. The spacious rooms, restaurants, clubs, & Encore Beach Club are all top of the line. My only complaint is $30 for a drink was a tad too high -at least it was a double!!
1	Came to the Encore Hotel not by choice. The rooms were beautiful and had s great view. The only people that seemed to be nice were the housekeepers and front desk clerk when checking in. Since I never stayed here I didn't know the amenities like hours of operation with Red Card, perks guests get particularly at nightclubs inside the hotel. I missed everything! As expensive as this hotel was I would have thought the staff or something could have helped me understand the perks guests get for staying at their hotel. Then we eat at the restaurant and get charged a gratuity when the receipt clearly mentions it would be added to a party of 7 or more.......the problem with that is it was only 6 if us! I was able to earn points on my red card but when I tried to cash it in for additional credits, they were closed. If I would have known if seen hours if operation, I would have gambled a little but earlier in the day! I will not be back to this expensive hotel where I would have to pay an additional fee just to use the internet...wth? Doesn't this hotel get enough money?
5	Excellent room, great employees, and nice gym. Warning: if you will be going to bed before 4am, please ask for room facing the strip as the other rooms face the pool and the encore beach club that is opened all night? The music and base noise can be heard from our 9th floor room. Even worse were our neighbors who were smoking pot on non smoking floor who kept us up til 5am. We asked for room switch and initially were told no rooms were available. Hours later, the encore came through with a new room facing the strip and normal neighbors. Our keys were reprogrammed in seconds and we grabbed our stuff and went right to new room. Never had to go downstairs to check out. The process was amazingly quick and we thought it was customer service at its best. The employees there made you feel like royalty and truly worth commending. We will surely come back and stay here again. Only negative thing is you have to walk to the wynn for almost everything including poker room, buffet, and sports book.
1	I would give zero stars if I could. If you serve food that will make someone sick and ruin their vacation at least own up to it. Both our nannies got sick after having their tuna salad sandwich. So you can imagine how horrible this situation was. We are taking the kids with our help and ended up attending to them because they got served bad food. Then the management says there is nothing they can do about it. What a joke. We stay at this resort 2 to 3 times a year. This is not the way to treat a client.
1	Their service is pretty bad! We have asked for extra towelsAnd tissue paper and we paid extra tip and didn't receive anything! This is the first time I have been to a hotel that doesn't provide what u ask... This hotel is far from everything. If u want a quiet boring time in vegas stay here w over rates pricing. Restaurants Are not bad.. The front desk girl we checked in Laila was rude as hell! We will never come back to this hotel! Worse experience ever
1	DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! DO NOT!Let me start by saying the staff are polite and courteous, on point, from the concierge to the dealers.  Now that this is out of the way lets get into how the stay was.My buddy, his girlfriend and I stayed this past Friday and Saturday night (08/16/2014-10/08/2014).  We booked a Tower suite for $450.00 a night.When we arrived at the hotel the computers we're down and they were having trouble checking people in.  This is understandable, computers are finicky, especially with large complicated servers that this hotel/casino must have.  The least you could do is give out a small room comp for the wait, breakfast maybe?  Or ATLEAST inform us that we should check in at the Tower concierge instead of coming back twice to find out we could have checked in the whole time!While checking in we we're informed that our late checkout, free breakfast, hotel credit and guaranteed upgrade we we're promised upon booking we're not going to happen.  Again, not so much as a comp to make up for this.  We also requested a roll away bed, "no problem sir.".  1 hour later we call for the roll away as it hasn't showed up.  AGAIN 1 hour after this we call again.  We didn't see that role away the WHOLE trip, it never came.Moving on.  The "Tower King Suite", IS TINY.  $450 a night!! C'mon Steve.We we're not going to let this nonsense get us down, this is Vegas baby, and we're here, so lets have some fun.  Over the course of the weekend I spent a hair over 6 grand on the room, drinks, food and gambling.  You would be hard pressed to say I was a bad customer to the hotel.Upon checkout, I come to find that my supposed "players card" had no gambling time on it and that there was, "nothing they could do".You come to Vegas to party hard and be treated like royalty, especially when dropping 6 grand at the "Nicest" hotel in Vegas while staying in a Tower Suite, especially being former Marine Corps.Steve Wynn, you owe me my money and time.  Disgraceful.
2	Loud, Loud, Loud! 34th floor and the windows are shaking. They "upgraded" us to a panoramic view but they actually gave us tickets to a electronic night club. It's our 4th time here, but, this is our last. It was once the hotel with the most class but now it is just another night club hotel where you can't sleep. The noise is so loud. For over $200 a night it is not worth it.
4	I love the layout of the room, and how the sofas are actually REALLY comfortable to sleep on! Their spa/fitness level is so luxurious as well, and staff throughout the hotel is very hospitable. Toiletries are nice (Bambu), however I found their late night room service options to be lacking and the wait time is ridiculous (1 hour+).
5	Great hotel rooms!  The bathroom is spacious with a vanity area, dual sinks, walk in shower, and tub.  The room I stayed in had a king bed and couch suitable for sleeping space.  The room felt like a loft with the bedroom and living room/office area separated only by an open wall with a swivel flat screen tv.  The wall length windows provided a beautiful view with the remote control operated curtains.  The staff are friendly and the hotel/casino is kept clean and classy.  The casino was a little sparse with games, but it wasn't too overwhelming. So if you want to play, eat, and stay in Vegas, then get on your feet and clap your hands for the Encore!
1	wow... what happened ENCORE???you guys hit rock bottom within a matter of months ! I've made it a point to only stay at the Encore the past several years and i think this may have been my last?it took 30 minutes to check in (not waiting in line - at the counter!)30 minutes for the front desk guy to check ID, and he kept going in and out of the backroom - only to tell us that our room wasnt ready yet and that he will text us at 3 when the room is ready4:00pm - still no txt.  we had to wait in that god awful check in line again for another 20 min to get our room.the lack of cocktail service was ridiculous even the pitbosses got upset. then the cocktail waitress argued and lied saying she was serving us all day. huh??? then told us not to move around? uh hello???? its not like we're going from casino to casino! we are moving over one table!!!! and if you were quicker we wouldnt be at a different table! worst service ever on a weekend. very disappointed.
3	Really nice hotel, great casino food etc. In terms of cleanliness and room service NOT so great. But overall good.
3	Great hotel. Beautiful view. The only thing I didn't like about it is that the use of the refrigerator is chargeable.. I was really surprised coz I didn't wanna use any of the items in their refregerator. I just wanted to put my own items in it. I think it's too much. I 've been to a lot of 5 stars hotels and none of them charged me for the use of the refrigerator.
3	Price - 4 stars - We paid $132 + Resort Fee per day.  For this price, I have to say the room is very spacious in comparison to other places I've stayed at.  The room came with free internet access for two devices and free domestic calls.  This may seem unneccessary when everyone has a cell phone, however, we have T-Mobile and Verizon, to my dismay, both carriers had very poor reception in the hotel.View - 4 stars - Our room had a partial view of the hotel swimming pool and the airport.  Yes, THAT feature kept the younglings entertained for hours watching the aircrafts during TToL.  At night, there was a good nigh time light view.Environment - 3 stars - Overall, I'd say the room is not bad.  The layout gives it a serene feeling, however, the sound barrier between rooms is rather poor.  Our next door neighbor woke us up at 6am shouting and screaming for 30 minutes with a 5 minutes break in between another 30 minutes round of shouting.  Staff - 4 stars - We had limited staff interface since we stayed for two nights, thus, didn't ask the staff to come clean the room.  The only interface we had was during check-in.  The front desk reception was helpful and advised us due to our room's location, the night club sound may be loud.Cleaniness - 3 stars - I gave it a three stars rating because the shower had multiple mold spots which I was not impressed.  No, we did not call Housekeeping to come clean it because I know harsh chemicals would have been used in order to remove it.  Other than the mold in the shower, everything else was fine.Amenities - 3 stars - The exercise room closes at 8pm.  I know, I know - Who comes to Vegas to work out?  After a long day of walking around and buffet bingeing, we simply wanted a place to stretch those muscles.  So, I say 8pm was way too early!
3	Stayed here and Palazzo in the same trip. My wife and I both liked the Palazzo much better! Better food choices by far with reasonable prices and open late. Rooms are huge and comfy and the pools are outstanding at both places! If you can't make up your mind, choose Palazzo! We are also a tad older (age 50) and the crowd here was flashier, high maintenance, 20 something's. I liked it but the wife felt she just didn't fit in. Side note- The machines here are wound tighter than a clock. After you lose your first $200 and don't get the slightest reaction from any machine you will understand what I'm saying. We stopped gambling here because we spotted this almost immediately.  If you keep pumping in hundreds after reading this, don't say you weren't warned.
5	Great check in. Super nice staff. The rooms are gorgeous - king suite is our favorite. The best part is the shower - it becomes a steam room when the water is on high heat. :-) also GREAT little cafe at the bottom of tower with yummy coffee and easy great priced breakfast  - ok and then my next favorite is the gym :-) awesome equipment - so clean and modern !  We are not pool clubbing peeps, but we love the adult pool - seriously can't figure out a single complaint about this hotel :-)
5	This was my first, yet definitely not the last!The Wynn property overall was simply exquisite! My absolute favorite feature of the resort was the understating of the casino. In most vegas hotels it's all about the casino, Wynn did it right by making the focus your luxury experience and the overall resort offerings!We stayed on the 57th floor and had a panoramic king suite, the view was simply magical! We couldn't stop taking pictures! The room was incredibly spacious and amazingly decorated! Every detail in every design was thoughtful planned out. The overall aesthetics of the hotel were over the top elegant and marvelous to behold!!One can not simply say enough positive things about Encore or the Wynn. We are planning our return trip in November and look forward to exploring more and more of the amazing five star resort!If your debating, please look no further!! Your stay couldn't get any better if you tried! The cuisine And overall atmosphere are well worth the price tag.
5	Encore is by far the best Casino in Las Vegas. Everthing from decor, service, rooms, food, pool, and nightclub is top notch.. Such a great atmosphere with good looking people..  i think is safe to say I will probably never stay at any other casino..
5	I have been to Vegas several times and this past Labor Day weekend I got stranded away from my friends with no money no phone and no ID. And I met one of the employees there who allowed me to use her phone to call my sister. Her name was Liza. She bought me a shirt dinner and did everything she could to make sure that I got home. Also the valet pep in the front were equally caring and nice one of the valet (Estella) paid money out of her pocket to make sure that I got on a Greyhound home. Not only is the hotel amazing and it has great night clubs and day clubs but I have never been around a staff who was so helpful they literally allowed me to get back to Los Angeles and save my life. Im so grateful and will make sure I continue to only go there when  I go to Vegas.
5	Exceptional service every time here.The journey to the pool was a surreal experience in it of itself (partly due to medication)...akin only to what I imagine what Adam and Eve felt like wandering Eden.  Luminous, sweet aromas, absolutely pristine...and nudity (european style section).  A quick glance was all I needed to know the fruits were a little too ripe for my liking -- on the verge of falling off.Booked 2 connecting Panoramic Suites facing the Strip.  Never wanted to leave the room.  In-room dining was available 24/7 and not ridiculously priced.  Bonus: Tacos El Gordo was literally a 5 minute walk away.http://www.yelp.com/biz/tacos-el-gordo-las-vegas-2
4	Encore is still as classy as ever, but unfortunately everyone now knows how amazing the hotel is!  Upon arriving, I was greeted by a tiresome, 40 minute wait to check in. The staff were apologetic and passed waters around, but nonetheless, the usually efficient process to get a room key was overshadowed by the long line. I never want to wait 4 mins for anything. (I pull out of gas stations when there is a line.  I take items out of my basket to make quick check-out in the grocery store). So the 40 minute wait pretty much  marred my arrival at Encore.  I understand that it was a holiday weekend.  I also understand that people like to party it up in the city.  Since there were beach parties at several of the clubs, I had to play dodge the drunkies a few times.  Also, there were large swimsuit-clad groups blocking the way across the esplanade.  I pretty much don't stay at MGM or New York just to avoid this! I also don't want to hear club music from my room, but at least the latter days of my stay were far calmer in the hotel and I could have a more relaxing trip.The best part are the rooms which are spacious and simple. Luckily,  I booked far enough in advance during a promotion that the rates were far lower than what I usually pay.  I noted that they changed their toiletries from the lemongrass scent (that was strangely similar to cleaning product) to a far more pleasant vanilla coconut blend.  There were ample towels.  The pillows were firm, but fluffy and my room was super clean!  I still enjoy this hotel and the fact I can walk to the mall across the way as well as the shops in Palazzo easily.  Another plus is that their Red Card program is pretty good in terms of comping (buffets, show tickets, game credit, hotel rooms) if you gamble there.
5	how time flies. Everything was fantastic. Great hotel,Very clean,Staff nice.We forgot to take the teethpaste, I called the front desk. They brought it to me at once.
5	With hotel rates at it's all time high, there is a reason why every penny spent is worth it at Encore. The scent of the hotel, staff, cleanliness, decor, art, Egyptian cotton bedsheets, remote controls lights and drapery, gardens always manicured by an internationally renowned, imported sculptures, luxury shops and restaurants, gigantic gold course, European pools, and most notably the easy access to XS and Surrender. I will keep coming back here since I have never been disappointed. There are no complaints what so ever.
5	Best hotel in Vegas . The rooms are luxurious with floor to ceiling windows with a very nice view. The pool area was absolutely fantastic . Lots of good restaurants to pick from . We went to see David Guetta performing at XS, the club is beautiful and everything was good until security ruined our night. for no reason they go into the bathrooms and start knocking on the doors. Other than that we enjoyed our stay and will go again .
1	They claim your room type isn't Ready yet at check in them offer to "upgrade" you for $20 a night to one that's ready.  Total scam since room is exactly the same.  Have stayed her numerous times and this will be last.  Agreed to pay the $20 for a quite room.  They put me right next to elevator and was woken up each night.  Toilet was running and TV didn't work.  Spoke w/ 2 managers and they wouldn't credit the $.  Staying at SLS next time.
2	Our room was 6209 and that was an upgrade we paid more per night for to get a panoramic view. The view was facing north, not much to see, disappointing, definitely not worth paying extra for as the room was almost $275 per night before taxes and before the upgrade charge. The room was spacious and looked very nice, but after awhile we noticed a bad odor in the closet and bathroom that stuck around our entire stay (3 nights). We were surprised the internet was an additional $15.99 plus tax per night and that there was not a coffee maker in the room. If you wanted to use the fridge in the room that had mini bar items in it (which we did not want), that was also extra. Also, the $275 per night did not include any resort amenities, that was also extra. Basically, the hotel nickel and dimes its guests for everything. The bed was very comfortable and the furnishings were nice. The grounds were very nice as well. The final $950 plus bill was not worth it.  However, Antionette, who worked in housekeeping, was very friendly and helpful and definitely understands good customer service. Overall impression, the place over promised and under delivered. Update: 9/25/14, an Encore representative called and apologized for issues we had. He promised a refund of the upgrade charges to our credit card.
3	I can only speak to the ambience of the hotel and casino. It's very refined and sophisticated. After several adventures at the Silver Legacy, Paris and Nugget, I introduced my friends to the Encore and upon walking into the main lobby their jaws dropped. I says 'Welcome to Vegas, the way it should be done'. Beautiful gambling spaces, beautiful people and a clean albeit busting environment. As other reviewers have mentioned the ease of access to the prime clubs and locations on the strip is unparalleled!
5	Great hotel!! Great service! Great casino!! The hotel is beautifully decorated. Wynn really goes all out with his 2 hotels ! They have everything you can want! All the restaurants are amazing!!
5	Always a stunning experience - the East Side lounge is the best lounge I have been to in 10 years.
5	Absolutely awesome on every level. The nicest hotel I've ever stayed at. Can't say enough great things about it. Will be coming back.
5	Get ready for awesome views, great concierge, pools and drinks. The staff from front desk to the security guards were extremely friendly. The junior suite I stayed in was immensely clean and spacious. The gym offers complimentary water and there's a bar for protein/health shakes. All equipment is top of the line and there a plenty of machines so you won't have to wait. It's on the quiet end of the strip but it's right across from the Fashion Show Mall if you're big on shopping like I am. Steve Wynn has a great art collection throughout the hotel as well. Blown glass chandeliers, peacocks made of of lights, Jeff Koons sculptures oh my! Whether you're staying 4 nights or a week, a hold on your charge card will be placed for your entire stay (plus incidentals), which I wasn't aware of.
5	Just landed. Staff is amazing, place is so clean. Amazing food options, good bars. It was really cool to walk around and not be hammered and notice all of the intricate detail at the property. The spa is beyond incredible. Make sure to do the suggested rehab cycle....shower, steam, dry sauna, whirlpool, cool plunge ice plunge then pass out on warming chair.Bring money to spend everything is expensive but well worth it. I lost money gambling but the experience was worth it.
5	The only place I'll stay in Vegas. Of all the casinos I've visited (Cosmopolitan included) this place has the most class. The decor is stunning. Lush red ceilings, gold chandeliers, and beautiful floral carpeting. Somehow  achieves the casino feel without bathing the room in darkness. The well-lit interior really lends itself to making friends (and good for them, staying up later gambling). Also, in my opinion, XS is the best of the Vegas clubs. Though XS is in the Wynn part, staying at hotel will get you reduced entrance to both before midnight. Go in, get stamped, then head back out to pregame/gamble.Take me back to vegas
4	Great hotel.  Appreciate the "boutique" feel.  Small casino without poker room. Really nice rooms.  Nice amenities.Would come back over Venetian.  Less kids ( I have 2--but took a break).
4	Beautiful hotel, grounds, pools, decor... everything.  I havent stayed here as of yet but I have at The Wynn and I'm sure Encore being newer is just as top-notch as its predecessor. I did have a good friend that used to work here and she showed me around. I especially liked the pools including the european style pools. Yes, guests can go topless. No, it's not like going to the Playboy Mansion and what you would expect hanging out at Hef's infamous grotto. It was the middle of summer and it was mostly older folks. I didnt hang around long enough to be traumatized. I was fine with the other pools. They are immaculate and service is great. Surrender is located inside Encore and is a great layout for a club that attracts some of the most well-known DJs from all over the world. It's a big club with a big a space that includes the pools of Encore Beach Club.Taxi line can be such a long wait here. Valet is efficient but their pick-up/drop-off area is so congested and unclear that during the height of summer, it can be such a mess. Will update my review once I've been an official guest here.
3	What can I say about hotel room service? It is what it is. At the Encore, prices are just as ridiculous as any other hotel on the strip. The thing I love about it is the convenience and laziness of it all. There's just something about sitting on my ass in my hotel room and hearing *knock knock* 'room service.' I equate it to having pizza delivered to your house, except you're in a hotel room during an adventurous trip instead of merely in your house.  The food was standard, nothing special. I got mini sliders and a French onion soup. I've had better. Wasn't terrible, just nothing spectacular. My wife had a sandwich and fries. The guy who delivered it was nice enough (making the usual chit chat, where are you guys from and so on). Gave him his tip and he was on his way. Basically the food and service were ok. Nothing to complain about, but nothing to rave about either. It was exactly what I'd expect, and nothing more.After eating, what else is there to do but go back downstairs and hit the tables!
2	This review would absolutely be 5 stars if it weren't for an issue we experienced with housekeeping and then with the front desk staff. Housekeeping entered our room without knocking or announcing themselves while we were asleep and the privacy light was illuminated on our door. It scared us to death. I called the front desk immediately, then stopped by the front desk two times during our stay to inquire/follow up on the issue. All staff members (3 in total) I spoke with said there were no notes on file about this issue, but they would each personally ensure they speak with the floor manager and get back to me. That never happened. It was so unfortunate that both housekeeping and the front desk staff showed such poor customer service, especially since all other aspects of our stay were incredible. I will be going back to The Palazzo for future trips to Vegas.
4	Encore is a beautiful hotel. One feels like they are in the most luxurious accommodations, when interacting with the employees, and enjoying panoramic views. Although the amenities were top notch, I was annoyed  by the loud music from XS.  I could hear every word of the songs and bass on the 52nd floor at 2AM.   I understand this is Vegas, but I have never experienced this much noise at this hotel on a high floor. In fact  I went out to play slots because I could not sleep , and the noise outside of XS was not as loud as outside my window! Not sure what was going on this night. but I would have been irate if I was on a lower floor.
5	The Encore is our favorite place to stay and play in Las Vegas. This place really puts the rest of the strip to shame. And if you do get tired of the Encore, the Wynn and the Palazzo are all you need to add some variety. The buffet was the best I've been to, and their cafe has an amazing pumpkin cheesecake. The pool was beautiful and the Eastside lounge is a great place to have a smoke.
4	One of the nicest hotels I have seen in Vegas! All beautifully and exquisitely decorated. Theme is floral. First thing you notice when you come in are the huge red chandeliers right in the middle of the check in area. Amazing!!!The main reason why I booked this hotel is because you get more for your money in the sense that the rooms are huge! Black and beige are the dominant colors in the room decoration. I love that you can turn the lights on and off with a click of a button. As well as closing the curtains and putting the privacy in your room. Great convenience.  And the best part, it's right next to your bed. So you don't have to hit your toes with everything around you trying to get to the bathroom in the middle of the night. The beds are oh so comfy!!! But the robes......OMG!!!!!! I need one in my life! The bathrooms are pretty much the size of a regular room in any other hotel.Now, the reason as to why I gave this hotel 4 stars and not 5.Upon arrival, we were told that the hotel holds $150 a NIGHT, we stayed 4 nights so that's $600. So go ready for that! This was our second time in Vegas and this is the first time I have ever heard of a hotel holding so much per night. Oh, aside from paying resort fees. Another reason why I gave it 4 stars, the pool area isn't as nice as other hotels. I prefer the one at the wynn, which is just a few steps away. And a plus is that if you stay at the encore, you can visit the pool at the wynn as much as you like! The casinos at the encore are super nice, but the Wynn casinos looked a little outdated to me. The downside of staying at the south of the strip is that you have to do some major foot work to get to the good stuff on the strip. Bellagio fountains, Paris Eiffel Tower, etc. so be prepared to waste more on taxis than usual. Unless you rent a car. Which in my opinion isn't worth it if you're visiting the strip. Too much traffic. Last but not least, the restaurants in this hotel are extremely expensive! Even breakfast. It's over priced. We all know vegas is overpriced, but this hotel takes the cake! Now, the food at the restaurants was great Dont get me wrong, but definitely way too overpriced. Would I stay here again? Maybe not. Service was great, hotel was beautiful. But it's too far from the center of the strip and not at a cheap cost!
5	Haven't stayed at this hotel. This review is just for the front desk, Richard. So helpful! We were partying at Surrender this past Halloween weekend and was looking for our friend. He actually let us use the front desk phone to contact our hotel (Aria) and contact our cell phones (to reach our friend who had all of our stuff) AND even gave us some water bottles. I told him I'd leave a review on yelp for him for the great service he provided us, even despite the fact that we weren't guests there. Unfortunately he's unfamiliar with it lol. So I hope management sees this and recognizes Richard for his kindness and quality service. Thanks!
5	Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #276 - #365Steve Wynn nails it again with Encore!I was excited to hear we would be staying at Encore for two nights paid for by my cousin. Heh It still lives up to it's 5 star elegance and is better than Bellagio in my opinion. But really, you can't compare Bellagio and Encore because they are two different resorts with different themes. Encore was chosen mainly because it is set far away from the rowdiness that is "Sin City" and into it's own niche in the northern part of the strip. The Encore is an all suite tower with an option to upgrade to the larger suites or with the panoramic view. Luckily for us we were upgraded to the panoramic view on the 56th floor for free because we my cousin knew one of the front desk clerks. As you can tell through the details of the well appointed casino like the colorful butterflies on the mosaic floor and on the ceiling, his idea for the Encore/Wynn theme was "Natural Beauty." It shows throughout the complex the big expensive windows overlooking the gardens and the warm colorful tones of the property and the many waterfalls outside of the property make you feel secluded from the rest of the strip. Aside from the hotel / casino, the clientele is very attractive and healthy compared to the ones who patron the low end hotels. Staff here are top notch and live up to the Wynn standard of service. I didn't get to try the pool because we were always in and out of the hotel. You are allowed to use the Wynn pool which is just a 5 minute walk from Encore. Outside of the complex, I wouldn't walk north at night because the neighborhood is shady and a lot of panhandlers and sketchy people populate north of Encore. If you're looking to save some money from Encore's fancy restaurants, there is a Denny's just outside of Encore and a food court in the Fashion Show Mall right across the street.   The casino is not as smokey as the other casinos with it's strong ventilation systems and fancy scent they pump into the air system. I will admit I did win some money playing at Wynn because the slots at Encore are tight. They always send great deals when you gamble a few $$$ in their casino. Encore has swoon me over and I will definitely come back if I receive a good deal. Kudos to Encore!
1	If I could leave 0 stars I would like that option . I love the hotel I go to Vegas quite often and encore is always my top pick for a stay. Unfortunately, I had my first bad experience due to the security . My friend and I used the bathroom then we were going to proceed to xs. But a head security manager made a call to stop myFriend and I for no reason whatsoever. There were 2 of them one I believe  was Robert and Jeff. They approached us asking for our IDS for no reason and didn't ask us why we there . We showed no signs of any illegal activity nor did we look the part . Jeff held our IDS and continued to bend them and they were  spelling our names to their manager . This took about a good10-15 mins . People began to notice and started calling us names due to the public humiliation . We spoke to lee who was the manager at the time and he basically showed no  remorse and said 2 comments " we wanna weed them out " and " do you want me to sugar coat it for you guys " . If this is the type of people you hire it can lead to a serious problem .  Due to what occurred outside the club we still proceeded to go to xs yet to find to our surprise men were harassing us inside the club thinking we were escorts . It was the worst feeling a woman can ever have and this needs to be resolved . I will take this further .
3	This review is way overdue but now that I was looking to book our next trip and came across Encore it reminded me of the bad memories they left us with.The hotel is nice and very clean and that's why it was very hard for me to give less than 3 stars but my lower review is based on this that I lost my expensive perfume in the room and they showed no responsibility to fix the situations. I left my small bag with that perfume in the room and as soon as we left I realized I am missing it so I called them and after checking they said they did not found anything which was impossible. They asked me to send them an email when I return so they can follow up but unfortunately they did not even bother to reply to any of my emails. I wish they took matters like this that probably are very small to them more serious, because just that will make us never want to stay with them.
5	It depends on why you're in Las Vegas.  If you're here to gamble and want to hop casino to casino, you'll want to stay more toward the center of the strip.  If you're here for a bachelor party and want to be in the center of all of the craziness, maybe you'll appreciate the Cosmopolitan more than I do.  If you're shopping for the best steal of a bargain rate, you won't find it here.  If you're coming as a couple though, and you want to stay at a great hotel, eat at great places, relax at the pool, and do a little gambling a little farther away from the crowds, Encore is still my favorite place to stay on the Strip.  I think they have the best standard rooms as well.  They're upscale, modern, elegant, and sleek.
4	All I can say is I am glad I wasn't paying the bill for this one.  The rooms are very very nice and everything is elegant to the max, and the price of everything reflects that.  I actually spent time in the room because I loved the view and the furnishings.  Usually, they just want you to hustle on down to the casino and gamble.  I was somewhat taken aback by the warning on the food/mini bar stuff.  I know that you should pay for it if you use it, but the words were a bit.....harsh (in my estimation).  I really did not want to eat 10 cashews for $11 nor did I even want to open the "intimacy kit" that was perched off to the side.  Intimacy kit?  Everything was sitting on little alarm pads just waiting for someone to make a mistake and look at the stuff for longer than 60 seconds.  I was so put off by the snacks (and a hangover kit too) that I didn't even open the mini bar.  Dang!
2	I have been to Vegas many, many times. Everytime I go I like to stay at a hotel I have not stayed before, Encore it was your turn! Halloween night we were going to XS, so Encore was the perfect place to stay, wrong! The hotel itself is amazing, beautiful...the rooms are spacious! You think since you are staying at such a nice hotel WiFi would be included right, wrong again! You will be charged $16.99 a day for WiFi. It amazed me that I paid so much to stay there and yet they want to charge me for WiFi. I got over that quick!  If you like to gamble Encore is not the place. The casino floor is very small...you will need to walk over to the Wynn if you want any kind of gaming. I was expecting housekeeping to at least make our beds while we were out, wrong yet again! Not once did housekeeping knock on our door to see if we needed anything, I had to go looking for additional towels. I would give this rating a 2 1/2 only because the hotel is beautiful, but cannot give 3. I would recommend visiting Encore to check it out, but not to stay in.
5	Stayed 3 nights for a conference and all I can say is wow! The place had amazing trendy details and the rooms were quite the display overlooking the vegas strip. We went to the waterfall, the beach club, the rose garden, and there was shopping a crossed the street. We were super impressed with the hotel staff and the 5 star service that was provided. It was defiantly a great experience and we will be back.
5	Stayed at the Encore Tower Suites. I was treated like a VIP. They had private check in, private valet. Everyone was really nice, I had room service, and the food was terrific, and fast service. I will stay here again.
5	Excellent hotel.  Got a panoramic suite with a small bedroom with queen bed. Separate large living room with great view of strip.More private than Wynn tower.  Encore European pool is really nice with a cool bar right on the pool deck.  Lots of spots in the shade at this pool.... Main Wynn pool is huge and a realy cool design, so check that one out, too.We think it's better than Bellagio or Venetian/  palazzo, because it is more private without huge crowds of tourists walking the strip.
5	Everything about this hotel is so beautiful. We got a comp room for 2 nights on the 24th floor and loved almost every moment of it.. The reason I say almost is because with all the elegance and glam, there was this really weird/disgusting sour smell in the bathroom. We thought it was going to go away but it never did and it only got worse after someone would shower. We considered moving rooms but 2 nights went by so fast and didn't want to waste time repacking everything.. Anywho, past the stench, it was a glamorous experience. The bed made me feel like I was sleeping on a cloud. The remote control lights and drapes were badass. The color scheme and decor were so beautiful.. I definitely felt like a queen for a weekend. It was awesome and I would definitely stay here again.
4	I enjoy Encore. It's almost prettier than the Wynn. It's got lots of red and butterflies. I feel rich just walking through it. And there are some great restaurants. It's never as crowded as the Wynn and other uppity properties. The cocktails at the various bars are wonderful. The pool is awesome. Parking is a breeze. But alas, it is still too rich for my wallet. Gaming here is not exactly an option unless you can drop like $100 a hand. But nonetheless, very pretty to walk through.
5	This is the perfect hotel for a romantic getaway.  Ok, so I was there by myself on a business trip to attend a convention.  BUT then next time I'm in Las Vegas for fun, I'm coming back here.  There was a control next to the bed that opened and closed the drapes - nice.  I felt like I was in a movie.  The bathroom was amazing.  There was a TV in the bathroom which I normally would have thought to be a silly luxury and now I want to install one in my bath.  It's so nice to take a hot bath and watch TV.  And the sheets....ohhh the sheets.  One of those "Wynn" details I love.
1	Do not go. Poor client service with non-responsive management that allows unlawful practices of employees. Lots of bugs, rats and will not go again. Do not go.
5	Words cannot describe the quality of this hotel. It is absolutely amazing and worth saving up for yearly. I cannot say one bad thing about my stay. I stayed in September of 2013 in the Encore Tower Suites. Everyday, my room was made up multiple times, my room was spotless, and my toiletries were organized. My dirty cloths were even folded.  I cannot believe the care the housekeeping crew took.  Daily, breakfast was delivered to the room. It was great food and presented so nicely on amazing dinnerware and a white table cloth. The servers were excellent and insisted one morning that I don't even get out of the bed to let them in.Tip: Stay in the Tower Suites, book with flight to save money!
5	Beautiful especially around the holidays.
4	See my other review that I just posted.
5	My partner and I enjoy coming to Vegas for a fun getaway. The Encore is by far #1! We checked in on a Monday and when we arrived we waiting in line maybe five minutes. The rooms are spacious, clean and relaxing. Soft bedding, large soak tub, couch and flip tv. Oh and of course a tv in the bathroom for when you're rexlaxing in a bubble bath. Lets not forget the bedside light/shade touch pad. Even the small things such as shoe polish and q-tips in the bathroom were such a lovely touch. The windows are floor to ceiling, so its really an incredible view. We stayed on the 14th floor. Wish we would've gotten a higher floor though. The staff was incredibly friendly and accomodating. Shout out to Carol n the casino floor at Wynn. She was awesome. We didn't play at the Encore, but my partner enjoys poker, so he hit up the poker room at Wynn.The only negative for me was the walk. Its a pretty good one. All in all, the Encore is an excellent place to stay!
4	For the *Casino* not hotel. Great Casino, less crowded and lower minimums than the Wynn. This place has the amenities, style and service as the Wynn. It is less crowed and has lower table minimums which I prefer. Keep in mind it is a pretty far walk to the Wynn, via a retail shop walkway. There is an access close to the strip which is kind of hidden, just look for the beach club entrance.
4	We got a King tower suite on the 29th floor with a city view.  The floor to celing windows make this room. The view was really nice even if it was just a "city view". We also had a decent view of the golf course. The bed was AMAZING!! I mean AMAZING! So comfy, the sheets, the perfectly weighted down comforter huge comfy pillows. It was just perfect. The bed it self was perfect I had a hard time pulling myself out of it in the morning..I swear to you I could have skipped everything else and just stayed in bed..Did I mention the bed was AMAZING! !The bathroom was great. It had a deep soak tub but i found it a little short. I'm 5'10 and well it was a short fit, but still very relaxing. The towels were plentiful, thick and oversized which was nice. Although they were a bit rough. Also the bathrobes they provide were in kind of rough shape. One had a weird yellowish tinted stain on it and the terry fabric inside was as rough as the towels. Okay so outside of the room the entire resort is beautiful. We ate at "The Buffett" and I hate to say this but overall I was slightly disappointed.  The salad portion of the very long buffet was a big let down. The greens were wilted. The "Red and white quinoa salad was nice. The macaroni salad just made me sad. Very bland and seemed to have been setting out a long time. The highlight was the blue cheese dressing.The cheese and salami station is worth skipping, nothing impressive. The turkey, and prime rib were very good. Especially the turkey.  Very tender and flavorful. I also tried the Chipotle bbq meatloaf which was yummy. The kobe beef burger were good. I thought they were a bit on the bland side.  The bbq pork bun and chicken pot stickers were both a big let down. The bun was really, really dry and the filling was almost nonexistent.  The street tacos were really good as well. They have a really nice desserts section my favorite by far was the blood orange Panna Cotta. We also got to see the Show "Showstoppers" which is basically a musical mash-up of a few different famous Broadway shows including "Chicago" (All that Jazz, and Cell block Tango) the latter being my favorite performance of the show.  The also did a number from Cabearet (Money). Damn Yankees (The Game).  Hello Dolly (Put on your Sunday clothes)  There were a few other song sung by the lead members inbetween the big numbers including "Anything I can do" Which is a really fun number the interaction between the two leads during this song is great. They really played well against each other. The finale was A Chorus Line..I know im forgetting several numbers and that's because they were very forgetable. The one thing that really sucked about the show was Steve Wynn's voice overs..They were completely unnecessary. His booming voice jus takes you right out if the moments of being at an old time Vegas show.Overall this was a great stay. The staff is not only very helpful and friendly but seem to actually enjoy their jobs.. We will definitely be staying here again..Did I mention the beds are AMAZING!!!
4	I have to hand it to the Encore.  They did contact me after my previous challenges and they set everything straight- including dropping my resort fee after the 99 person line.   I really appreciate the follow up and customer attention and care.  Now I want to go back!
5	What a marvelous experience. This property is still the equal of the Four Seasons/Ritz Carlton crowd, and of course you'll pay for it. A sausage and eggs breakfast in room will cost you $32 for the entree alone so a big breakfast for two will be $100. But when you consider that it arrives fresh and hot on fine linen with quality flatware, you see where the money goes.There are no little plastic packets of Heinz ketchup; its glass and china all the way.Not quite as picky on the little touches as they were in the day Steve Wynn was more involved in the day-to-day operation (some lights were out in the suite), but problems were fixed quickly and correctly.This is a great choice if you like elegance and things done right. The poker room is very nice; not the size of some more involved in the poker scene, but still a great place to play. Can't wait to go back.
4	What a view! Our room faced the south side which had the view of the strip and the golf course. The front desk gave us the heads up about the noise from their two night clubs at night; a little muffled thumping noise but hardly a nuisance. Encore was quieter and much more relaxed than other big casino hotels. I would love to go back if I can afford to stay here.
4	Wow! This is an incredible casino. It oozes sophistication and class. Everything and I mean everything is opulent in this place. All of the restaurants, shows and even the bathrooms. Of course this being a high class casino it has plenty of slot machines, card games, craps and roulette. The staff here is also really helpful and they are plentiful. I haven't stayed in one of the rooms yet, but I plan to next time I'm in town. ALL of the restaurants are delicious.
1	First of all I usually love encore, but last time i was there the service was really bad. I dont know it was because of newyears or what. First as we enter the room we saw FINGER NAILS on the table stand. I ask the concierge to clean them up and they didnt do anything about it. The Housekeeping manager was to do something abput it but didint. Second, i went again to the concierge to do reservations at Misumi resturant. Later that night when we arrived at the restaurant there was no reservation. I had my confirmation number and everything. I had to wait like 1 hour for the table, and the hostes there was rude. Third. I left my passport cover in my room the day I left. I called Lost and Found to see if they were able to shipp it. They were very helpful.But when my passport cover arrived it was missing 100 USD!!I dont know but for a 5 star hotel you wouldnt think this will happen. I am going back on FEB and changing hotels.
