4	We kept driving by Uncorked and curiosity finally got the better of us so we decided to stop in. The bartenders and owner Ali (who is adorable) were really cool and the whole place is really laid back.  It was like a neighborhood bar except with wine instead. (But they do have some beers on tap.)  They have a great selection of flights and all of the wines contained within are available by the glass.  (The prices for the flights are quite reasonable.)  My husband always asks for suggestions from the servers (honestly, they know best!) and the male bartender was right on with his red wine suggestion. They are also so friendly that if you don't know what you want they will let you try a bunch of different wines to taste them first.  The best part was we were watching sports the whole time. I feel as if I could go there and ask them to put on the Sox or something and they happily would.   It really lives up to its name as the "unpretentious wine bar."The food was good, but not outstanding.  The goat cheese and roasted red pepper flat bread was fantastic but the cheese plate paled in comparison to the cheese plate at Postino.  However, they let us linger and drink...and eat....and drink...and linger.  There are comfy couches, tables, and a patio to choose from.  Uncorked is located in the Promenade in Scottsdale.  It's actually located within the office park portion and I would imagine gets busy on weekday nights.   They also host private parties if you are looking for a nice small space.
4	Thankfully Kristin S. gave me directions on where Uncorked was because it is hidden...heck, if she hadn't told me where to go, I might still be trying to find it.  The decor is very nice and the seating is really comfy.  Our waitress was very friendly and helpful and after we were done eating and drinking, she didn't rush our group out which was nice.  However, I did feel that she could have come over a bit sooner to see if we wanted our bill, but perhaps I was just restless as I was starting to feel a cold coming on.My Riesling flight was really good (OK, two of the three were really good) and it was reasonably priced.  I'm kinda glad I ate a late snack at work so that I wasn't super hungry because my cheese plate was just OK.  I ordered the white wine cheese plate, and two of the cheeses were good, but one of them (the name is escaping me currently) was disgusting. I love cheese so it makes me sad when I find a cheese I can't stomach.  I did appreciate the amount of bread, nuts and apples that came with the cheese.Thankfully the company I was with made my trip to Uncorked well worth it.  I will definitely go back for a glass of wine or two, but not sure how eager I am to eat the food.
1	i had thought this was going to be great really!!  had this on my TO DO list 4ever.  Finally went, on a monday. Menu indicates "MONDAY MADNESS 1/2 glasses of wine". (see rvws below - monDAY - not for an hour or so). so i ended up ordering 3 glasses of wine - bill: all full price!! Was told only after 3:30. is it just me? A Happy Hr is usually 4-6 (or there-about) but monDAY is "DAY", as in during the DAY.  not a happy hr (or 2) special.  (rudely told: the web indicates this - {I never looked}, the inside blackboard says - {i was OUTside!} & inside the bill  folder- {umm, it was under a survey & AFTER my bill arrived???})FLATbread was THICK, like reg. pizza, & had 1/2 cup of canned parm. cheese all over = can u say: dry, boring, mundane?bread STICKS were huge, thick, doughy things  - my kids make ones from pillsbery dough which tasted same.  These were size of croissants, certainly not sticks - never seen any breadsticks that remotely resemble these in my life.  Should be called Pilsbery Dough Plate Special - i swear that's exactly what it was.I seriously hate to provide a review like this, not to mention a confrontation which ensued when my bill arrived, but it was awful.  I could write many more upsetting details which occurred, but i won't - it would be petty.  Suffice to say I couldn't seriously think on going back.(i should  point out that eventually i did recieve the 3 glasses at 1/2 off, but the bill did not reflect any break on the 'flatbread' not 'breadsticks')
5	This is my favorite wine bar around.  The wine selection is amazing and easy to navigate, even for a beginner.  There are just the perfect amount of choices.  Glasses and bottles are reasonably priced and they have great flights if you want to try out a few kinds.  They change it up enough that its never boring.  The food is fantastic too.  Great things to share.  My faves include the savory cheesecake, sliders, and all the flat breads.  They have salads too, but i never get those because the other stuff is too good.  The desserts are delicious as well.  The atmosphere is perfect!  Lights are dimmed just right, comfy seating, high top tables, bar or patio, its all just right.  The staff is knowledgeable and friendly.  They have great specials mon-wed.  If you're in north scottsdale, you have to come here!
1	I really wanted to like Uncorked as it is close to where I live and work and it is very cute! However, with the exception of the owner Ali, the service is not good. I have visited Uncorked 2 times in less than a month and had less than acceptable service by the staff. The last time, the waitress was down right rude to my guest and although the waitress comped our wine, it didn't make up for her terrible attitude. I think if the staff turned over, that this could be a great little local spot, but until then, I'm not heading back.
3	Since the Phoenix area is better known for sunshine and golf than wine culture, I was trying to keep my expectations reasonable. They graciously gave us an extra slice of cheese on the appetizer plate, which we appreciated. However, despite my wish to support any wine-related business, I feel obligated to note a few things that were disappointing in a wine bar regardless of location--because as a former tasting room employee myself, my hope would be that all such hospitality establishments would be prepared to serve all types of customers, even if true cork dorks are rare in Scottsdale. The first was that the guy behind the bar didn't know the appellation of the German riesling that I ordered; he kindly brought the bottle out to show me (Rhienhessen, as it turned out, and the wine was excellent!), but then made the disconcertingly vague remark that "Well it's printed in German, but I just sorta know what a wine from Germany will taste like." For $18 a flight--comparable to, and even more expensive than some Bay Area wine bars I've visited--I'd hoped for some education on a wine region that I'm not an expert on, because the learning process is one of the things that makes wine so great as distinguished from other drinks. The second one, and this was perhaps more serious, was that the sauterne we had with the dessert flight was corked . . . or at least it had that very distinctive aroma of wet cardboard. Whether the staff member hadn't bothered to test the bottle himself, or didn't recognize the corked bottle, either way it was less than ideal.
1	So, just to provide an update one month later...After writing my review of Uncorked, I was promptly contacted by Ali, the owner of the wine bar. As a good business owner would do, she politely inquired about what had happened and indicated that she wanted to rectify the situation so that I would return.Within a week, I responded with a lengthy description of my two prior visits. Since then....crickets....nada...no response indicating that my concerns have unfortunately fallen on deaf ears.As I said in my original review, I really wanted to like this little neighborhood wine bar, but clearly they just don't get the importance of customer service and word of mouth. Bummer....
3	Uncorked is a great place to be - its local, small and intimate, comfortable, and surprisingly "unpretentious" as it claims to be.  Ali is nice and a good owner - she remembered exactly what i was drinking the last time i was there and made further recommendations.  The prices arent too bad either at all, with flights for around 15 bucks.  The decor is adorable, a great atmosphere to enjoy a good glass of wine.Unfortunately, there are a few setbacks about this place that forced me to go with 3 stars not 4.  First, the cheese platter was small, unimpressive, and overpriced majorly.  A little cup of almonds, hard store bought mini toast crackers, less than a handful of grapes, pears, and three measly slices of cheese is simply unsatisfying for 17 dollars.  On a good note, the salami is good but again small portioned. We also had the mushroom caps; they were good but the cheese was overpowering and greasy, and you couldnt even taste the crab!  I will be going back, simply because I enjoy the intimate atmosphere with a good glass of wine so close to home.  I'll be skipping the food next time though and heading to Postino for a real cheese plate.
3	"So how did you find Uncorked?" This was the first question asked to me by Ali (the owner) as we sat down on a plush victorian sofa."My girl found it", I confidently said, as she gave a sweet smile to the two of us.We were then presented with, dare to say it "cute" menus along with a wine list which she noted offered half off flights on Mondays, SCORE! I had a Sauvignon Blanc  flight which believe it or not, was probably one of the better Blanc selections I've ever come across for 7 bucks and change, impressive.What lacked was the food, the cheese plate (which is your wine bar staple) had an astounding 17 dollar price tag that we fell for, what we got however wasn't a 17 dollar plate though, you don't serve mini toasts with exotic cheeses - that's just not right. Next up were the stuffed mushrooms with crab and what tasted like bleu cheese, again, good concept however the damn fromage was so strong one really couldn't taste what the idea was really meant to offer. To wrap it up I'll go back for sure but only for vino as like the claim states, it really is unpretentious, uncommon for Fakesdale.
5	Happened to walk by Uncorked last night, and decided to stop in for a glass of wine.  Man, I'm sure glad that I did.A fantastic and unpretentious wine bar.  Decor is totally comforting.  Staff is so friendly. Has a great menu.  Has a great wine list.  What else is there to say?  Thanks for the wonderful evening.  We've found our local!
3	Im always on the search here in AZ for a great wine bar..AND I feel bad for my friend who tried to impress me and lure me away from my norm.. (Postino & Kaz).. SO  I want to love it.. I just dont.(I didnt tell him that though...he came up with the end result on his own)... Decor is cute... wine flights are good..& decently priced... . food is blech... Staff is friendly and knowledgable.... Do I like its location?? No.. Nothing interested either my friend or I on the apps.. Keep searching??. guess so...
5	Solid wine bar, solid food, unpretentious as advertised and my wife and I need to get there a lot more often.   Even though we don't go as much as we should, we're always greeted by everyone as regulars.  Great Zinfandel selection and attractively priced.  They know what they're doing! ;)
1	It would be a real kindness if someone would come along and put Uncorked, "the unpretentious wine bar"  out of its misery. I think despondent would be a better word for it these days rather than unpretentious. It opened in the heyday of rising real estate values and hasn't changed a bit since. The prices are still high and the furnishings - untouched - are hitting a new low. But what has really bottomed out is the kitchen.Four of us arrived for lunch at 12:30. The place was empty, and stayed so except for one other party of two. When we sat down, Ralph started to disappear under the table. The banquette had become unsprung. The laminate tabletop was peeling off in chunks. There was a sign on our table advertising summer specials. I'm wondering now why we stayed.Ken and Ralph ordered the soup of the day ($ 5), which our waitress said was chicken and corn chowder. I asked for a pulled pork sandwich ($10) and mac & cheese($9), which I was going to share with Ken. Ralph also wanted the pulled pork, and Sandy ordered a chicken salad sandwich ($9). The sandwiches are served with a side of 5 grapes?!?!. A bag of chips cost an extra dollar. A side salad is an additional $2.50.Sandy asked for a salad with a sesame dressing. The dressing that was served was an unidentifiable oil mixed with a touch of sesame oil - no vinegar or seasoning. It was awful. When she asked to exchange it for honey vinaigrette, she was served something orange flavored instead. The chowder contained no milk or cream. The bread onSandy's sandwich was inedibly stale. But the biggest gaffe of all was the pulled pork. Both sandwiches arrived at the table stone cold. Like just out of the refrigerator cold. The person in the kitchen, I wouldn't call him chef, couldn't even bring himself to put them in the microwave (which is a sin anyway). Ken, who is a bit of a conspiracy theorist, thinks that the kitchen staff is trying to sabotage the operation. Could be, except for letting a good mac & cheese slip out of the kitchen undetected, they're certainly succeeding.
3	A friend of mine had a coupon for Uncorked, so we decided to go there for some wine and dinner.  First, really hard to find but it was a nice setting.  Secondly, guests just sit and wait for the waitress to come around who was really nice, bartneder probably should have said hello or welcome when we entered but didn't .  We ordered flights, which I had the fizzy bubbley and loved it, the white flight was ok;  usually the waiter tells alitte bit more about the wines but didn't.  The food was good, can't really screw up macroni and cheese which really went well with the wines!  If you want a pretty quiet place to have wine and some food and good company it's nice...worth it? only maybe if you had a coupon,not really sure I would've spent $75 again..
3	I really want to give you more stars, because:1. Ambiance. Such an inspiring interior of varied antique low coffee tables and crushed velvet ottomans and candles. Dim atmosphere with old music that screamed speakeasy.2. Wine selection. I'm pregnant and underage, I know. But I'm pretty vino-savvy, and I was impressed. I relayed the menu to a [legal] friend who knows his wine, and he was impressed too. Wide variety of flights.3. Friendly staff. Service with a smile, helpful on the cheese selection.4. Food. So delicious.. the cheese tray satiated my craving and then some, served up with salame, grapes, apple slices, prosciutto, nuts, and crisp bread. I also had a Roaring 40s salad, served with smaller versions of the bread on the cheese tray but baked with bleu cheese. YUM. They also offer a Happy Hour where they serve smaller versions of their appetizers for $3.50. Two stars deducted for the very very very slow delivery of food and the faulty faucet in the ladies' restroom. Also, it's kind of hard to find in the complex.
5	My girlfriend and I were really happy with this place. Good food, good wine, good service all adds up to a great evening!
3	Im still giving the Uncorked... a 3. Starting on a positive note.. wine flights.. great idea.. always love flights.. samples of alcohol.. love that! Friendly joan on the spot service.. helpful about the menu selection and wines to pair.. Good happy hour. Can be slow.. I personally feel they need more staff during the happy hour.. because it got busy.. mostly the cougar set. Minus the trout set. Ambience is great.. bathroom.. eh.. not so much. Postino still numero uno to me.. Sorry Uncorked!
3	Great sliders especially when they're $5.99 for the Monday lunch special. Other food is good but not great. Service was friendly and attentive but slow.I'm not a drinker so I can't comment on the wine.
4	This is a great little find for a wine bar. It's small and tucked away from the pretentious chain type bars so often found in AZ. They have an outside seating area and it occasionally has live music. The wait staff is down to earth and will do whatever they can to make you happy. The bottom line:  If your looking for a quiet little retreat to take a date or just hang out one night, than this is your spot!  It's a new favorite of mine!  ...oh yeah, they also have a really nice yet simple wine list!! LOL.
4	Just a nice little place to relax with a glass of wine.  Have not had the food.  Very casual, laid-back.
4	Uncorked is in a nice courtyard and allowed our yorkie on the patio-service was just right and the waitress even remember my emailing to see if Cricket was allowed!  Nice daily specials but the waitress did not mention them (found online later). Excellent selection of cheese platters, sandwiches, soups and salads. Fun wine selections including some excellent flights -we will go again one more time for lunch for sure. Beautiful shopping area also!
3	We stopped in here because my husband works just across the way and said he has always wanted to try it. We were heading to Art Walk so we wanted a little snack and a little happy hour drink to start our evening. The happy hour prices were very good and we enjoyed their Dauphinoise Flatbread. It was ok. It has a lot of potential, though! Firstly, I love caramelized onions. Thusly, if the menu says caramelized, they had better have some colour to them! Sauteed onion are not the same. It needed more Gruyere, some white pepper, maybe a little arugula, too, but the potatoes were cooked well and the pancetta added a nice, salty touch.I had their sangria which was on happy hour special and it was very good! Very fresh and a great drink for the beginning of spring. Their patio is very enjoyable and the staff are very low-key. However, I echo others that the service is painfully slow. I would come back, though, and try some other menu items and enjoy their happy hour again.
4	I'm giving a 4 star because I hvent had what I would call a full experience. I went for happy hour with my co-workers. I love the wine selection and the wait staff is well educated on the wine as well. I has a Souvenig Blanc called Selene that wa amazing and is now my new favorite wine. Suggest giving this wine a taste. They had a yummy goat cheese and red pepper flat bread. It felt light enough to eat a whole one by myself but it was big enough to share. Definitely a great place to relax out on the patio and enjoy yourself and some good wine and treats.
4	This is such a cute place! I love the decor and the wine selection is outstanding! The food isn't bad either. The only reason I gave it four stars is because I ordered 2 flights of wine and 3 of glasses had lipstick on them! Ew!
5	It's really difficult finding an unpretentious place to hang out in Scottsdale, but this place certainly does it.  Went there with a date and had a great time.  You know how you feel like you're annoying some servers?  It didn't feel like it there.  It's not a pick-up bar and the staff was very customer-service oriented.  BTW, it says it's a wine bar, but yes they serve beer for us Irish as well.
4	What a great little find!  Uncorked, "The Unpretentious Wine Bar," is nestled in the Scottsdale Promenade.  It's a bit hidden, but I like that about it as it makes it a little more exclusive.  Uncorked is is just what their slogan says though, unpretentious.  The decor is great - couches and love seats in addition to traditional seating as well as a small outdoor patio.  Very intimate setting - a great after dinner date spot.  The by the glass prices are a little higher than I would expect for an "unpretentious" wine bar though, so that's why I'm giving it four starts only.  Excited to go again!
4	Cool little place, very quaint, intimate and relaxing. Perfect place for that glass of wine after work. Nothing fancy or over-the top. I recommend this place for lunch if you work in the area. They have 5.95 lunch specials. The buffalo chicken sandwich is finger-lickin-good  Wine is also half off Monday's- check out the website for other daily specials. I think they also have live music too sometimes.
5	Favorite wine bar in Scottsdale! The hazelnut encrusted Camembert cheese platter is delicious and the St. Clair Zinfandel from New Mexico is such a find! It's my favorite spot to meet my bff and get a glass of wine, in my scrubs, after my 12 hour shift.
5	I haven't been able to go here as much as I used to, but I love this place!  The food is great, and its a homie atmosphere.  The pulled pork is southern style and spicy, smoked and made in-house by Ali the owner.  Their wine prices are average to slightly below average on the wine, and their changing wine lists are always full of things I've never heard of.  I come here to be educated and fed and I always leave smarter and fuller.
4	First of all I LOVE the name, so clever. I loved several things about this wine bar- the great wine options, the wonderful appetizers and the unpretentiousness of the whole place!I will say its a little pricey, but based on the location, the service and the quality of the wine it was accurately priced. I loved meeting the owner and chatting with her a bit, another other employees that worked there chatted with us as well and was very friendly. Glasses of wine average about $12, appetizers start at $9-ish.We got the Cab Flight, the Pinot Noir Flight, and the Crostini flight....LOVED all of them. Additionally we ordered two other glasses of red wine that were equally as delightful. It was very reassuring to be able to order several things and not feel slighted.The place is a little tough to find as I was shocked to hear it has been there for 6 years! I had never seen nor heard of it before I bought a coupon on localdines.I highly recommend this place to wine lovers!
5	I consider myself some what so a wine Connoisseur and found uncorked wine selection to be very good.  You can't go wrong with most of the selections.  We had the pulled pork and lamb meat balls, which were both good.  Mike was our server and he was very helpful with suggestions and the over all service was good.
5	Cozy, classy, casual and couches! Cheese and champagne! (Ok the last two are also Cs, but they didn't really fit the alliteration scheme.)Uncorked really has everything I like. Great place to bring friends or a date. I can wear jeans and a t-shirt or a dress with heels and don't feel out of place either way.I love the wine ($5 off glasses and flights on Monday? Yes, thank you!). And the cheese plates, while seemingly pricey at $17, are loaded with enough tasty treats to feed two people as a meal.Not only is it not snobby, but it's not a hassle like many places in Scottsdale are. It's tucked away in the back of a shopping complex. There is plenty of parking and even when the place is full it's not loud and crowded.I've been coming here since the grand opening and will continue to as long as they keep the wine flowing and the cheese... doing whatever cheese does. Great place to relax, hang out, and get your food and drink on.
4	I really like Uncorked.  The atmosphere is cozy, classy, casual - I agree with the other folks here, it's just a nice place to relax and enjoy some wine and cheese.The flights they offer are terrific  - a real bargain, the pour is generous and the wines are always an interesting selection.  We have tried a few of the various cheese apps, parmesan cheesecake, glazed figs and stilton, cheese plate - I've enjoyed them all.  Friendly and helpful service but it can be a little slow (or very slow depending upon your tolerance level).The wine and the atmosphere are the stars here and they have good happy hour deals.
4	This is not a recent update, but I was reminded.  Only reason we haven't gone back is the drive and a baby. As a European, I love wine and evenmore cheese. Now, American cheese is.NOT. Cheese. Just so you know.We ordered this scrumptious plate with bread , fruit and seveal cheese and had great wines (in the right type of glass). Very nice place. Great atmosphere and nice, friendly service.
5	We stopped here a few weeks ago for a happy hour drink. I had been here once before several years ago, and it was nice then. First, our service was fabulous, everyone was very friendly. I liked the ambience. While we didn't eat, the menu looked very appetizing, and next time I will plan on trying some things. The wine selection was good; could have been a bit more for a wine bar, but definitely ample. They don't really have 'happy hour prices.' so our stop wasn't exactly cheap; but our wine was worth the money. What I really liked - they support a lot of charities. They had 2-3 charity events occurring over the next month. The local support really impressed me.I look forward to visiting more often and supporting this local business and some of their charity events.
5	The cheapest, most relaxed wine bar is my living room futon. That said, Uncorked is the next best thing, and it is a lot classier than my futon, plus I cannot cook like these people, so you should probably go to Uncorked rather than coming over to my place. Hmm, let's see. Favorites? The pinot noir flight or the whites you've never tried are both well worth your money. Follow the server's suggestions for pairings with the food and you'll be on your way to sheer deliciousness, BUT personally I love the Fig and Pig salad (that would be a great restaurant name on its own) and the crostini plate.
5	Oh Yes! Had some yummy yummy samples of wine and wonderful service from our server!  The food went perfectly with the wine pairings because the dishes weren't overdone.  This way the wine remained "the standout".  The ambience is very "grown & sexy".  REPEAT!
3	Would you believe that this little independent wine bar has been tucked away in this location for something like 7 years? It's true! But they're so hidden and unadvertised that they go completely unremarked. The space is very small and a bit awkwardly designed. There are three areas; the outdoor patio, the first sitting area by the bar, and the second area with couches and different sized tables. I came here on... another first date (this is getting exhausting) on a weekday and there was another couple in the space. They were sitting dead center of the second room which made it weird for us to sit there. The music was also so low that you could hear every word that was said. Awkwaaarrrddd...So we sat on the couch in the front room, it's pretty comfy for sure. The menu is extensive, with a good variety of wines to choose from. You can go by the bottle or do different flights of three wines each. We went for the bottle, since it was half off that night. We also ordered the cheese plate. You can choose three of your own cheeses, out of about  8 options. This thing is huge! With only two people, there was no hope of finishing it. Especially since I was being all lady-like and didnt want to stuff my face with cheese and olives like a fatty. Pretty much right at 9:35, the waitress comes over and asks us if we're done. I hate that. Seriously. You close at 10. Don't advertise that you close that late if you don't want to. I asked her if we needed to close out and leave and with hesitancy she responded "well... no". Ok then. We'll stay until close!Overall, it was a pleasant enouch experience. The atmosphere is probably much better on the weekends when there are more people and they stay open later.
4	I love this place.  It's about a mile from my office so we do after work get-togethers there occasionally.  They have great happy hour wine specials, and Ali (the owner) has always steered me right with her wine recommendations.  She's always got something interesting on hand.  The ambiance is cute and cozy - like a living room with couches and comfy chairs.  The food is excellent.  One of my favorites is huge, yummy cheese plate with various breads, nuts, meats, olives, oh, and cheese.  This thing can feed quite a few people.  The crostini flight has always been wonderful, and I've tried every single one of the flat breads.  They are all good, and it's hard to pick just one.  The service can be slow, but it is what it says - an unpretentious wine bar tucked in in with a bunch of corporate offices.  Give it a try.  It's a fun, quirky local business with good food, good wine, and an owner who really seems to enjoy what she does.
3	A group of friends and I went to Uncorked recently for drinks and appetizers.  The wine selection was good but my cabernet was served warm which was a little disappointing.  Overall the ambiance was good and we all liked how quiet it was.  Overall its a decent place but I'm not sure how anyone ever finds it as it's tucked away inside the office complex.
5	I love this wine bar!It can be difficult to find, but if you park in the covered parking at the Promenade you'll be right there AND your car stays cool...bonus!My favorite spot is at the bar, but there are very cute tables that would be perfect for a romantic evening or girls night out.They have a great happy hour and always have a good $5 glass of wine (red & white) on special. The staff is great! They are easy going and say it like it is...and I love that! This is nowhere near your typical snooty Scottsdale wine bar crowd and that's why I like it.The food is also really good. I've only had a few things, but the wine lovers mac & cheese and the Parmesan cheesecake are two of my favorites!
4	After a full day of shopping with my wife, which really means a full day ; ) we just wanted to relax and enjoy a meal with some wine. Checked out this spot on Yelp of course and decided to try it and ended up meeting a couple friends here as well. Uncorked is run by a husband and wife who were very knowledgeable about wine in general and great at pairing with the food they offered! They have a list of flights to try, wine by the glass and bottle, and also a list of wine closeouts. Setting is a small little venue that has an old world feel with some outdoor seating. It never got over crowded so feel free to keep talking and enjoy the menu!
4	We finally tried this wine bar last week and I'm so glad. It definitely lives up to it's name: The unpretentious Wine bar. The atmosphere was cozy and comfortable. I feel like I could go here any night of the week order an appetizer,  enjoy a glass of wine and just hang out. Their food menu has good variety. I had the Heirloom Tomato sandwich and it was unreal in deliciousness. I wish the sandwich never ended.The servers here are laid back, and really knowledgeable about the products that they carry. I had a divine glass of Zinfandel that I wish I tried at the beginning of the night so I could have another glass...or two. So good. Would I come back to this wine bar? Absolutely!
2	Service was horrible! Had to ask for my glass of Chardonnay after 20 minutes. Waited a long time for all of the food (we ordered 2 appetizers and a salad.) The salad also took 20-30 minutes to be delivered. Food was ok, nothing spectacular. It was about 1/2 full when we were there. Not sure why yelp has 4 stars for this place!
4	Very comfortable wine bar with fun vintages and interresting food items to enjoy. Wine flights are great as well incudling compositions for all tastes including desert wines in the red and white categories. We enjoy the place with my wife for cocktail hours.
5	What an awesome place... Great wine!!!  The owner is fantastic and brings in some great wines.
4	This is a great wine bar.  I love hanging out in the patio during our awesome fall/winter/spring.   My moms group has organized several Moms Night out at this place.  I love the monday 1/2 price deal on the wine flights and glasses, and also the Monthly 10 for $10 tasting.  Ali is very welcoming and I have always enjoyed my time chatting and catching up with friends.
3	I am kind of neutral about this place, the location is good, the set up is nice and relaxed, but thought it was kind of pricey for what I got, especially at happy hour.  Ordered a port flight, and a red flight and one appetizer, and it came to almost $50 with tip/tax.  Service was fine, appetizer was a bit small.There is nothing really wrong or bad about the place, but just thought the value received was not worth the price.  But others may feel that a classy, quiet upscale wine bar is worth that price point.
4	We recently went tomUncorked on vacation and loved it. We sat outside on a beautiful evening, enjoyed some good and interesting wines. The wine list is creative and unpretentious. We also enjoyed some great food.  The menu has great things to share, flatbreads, gourmet sandwiches, salads. Would definitely go back again.
4	My friend introduced me to Uncorked some time ago. Before then, I had driven by a thousand times but never had a clue what a hidden Scottsdale gem this place was. Really great happy hour, lunch and wine specials. One of those local "joints" that will always have a familiar face in the house time and time again. Enjoy!
5	Went here for a date night with my husband and it was a wonderful night out! We split the Winelover's Mac & Cheese and the Roasted Pepper & Goat Cheese flatbread. Both were delicious. They had an awesome slection of wine and lots of specials so we felt free to sample a few different things without breaking the bank. We also split a chocolate ganache for dessert, which was warm, rich, chocolatey goodness. Service was awesome, too. We'll definitely be back!
5	This wine bar had a fantastic atmosphere, friendly staff, great wine, and great food. We tried a port flight and all of the wines were amazing. The person that waited on us was attentive and friendly. We are definitely coming back!
5	My friends and I went there on Monday where their wines are all half off.  It's a very cute place, very intimate.  The food and drinks were great.  Such a hidden gem!  Can't wait to go back again!
3	We had planned to attend a wine class at another place but it canceled so we decided to have our own wine tasting at Uncorked.  Service was very good initially.  Our waitress was fun, engaging and gave good recommendations.  Towards the end of our evening, she all but disappeared and we had to track her down to get the checks.  The have a great selection of wines and the flights are fun to do.  My flatbread was lacking in flavor but my husband's mac n' cheese was good.  We will return but probably only for the vino.
4	This place definitely lives up to its claim of being an unpretentious winebar.  It is hidden away from the main parking lot which I actually like because it's not slammed all the time like Postino.  Inside is warm and comfortable.  A few people were camped out with their laptops.  Good happy hour deals.  Wine lover's mac and cheese is a must.  We were served personally by one of the owners, which is always a nice touch.  The flatbreads are ok, a little on the bland side and the flatbread itself was a little too crunchy/stale.  That said, I would definitely come back more often with a group of my friends to hang out!
4	Perfect finish to a long day. Great atmosphere and great wine. The food is fantastic. Happy New Year.
4	Great ambiance....even better food! The mac and cheese is to die for and the club sandwich is refreshingly unique and tasty. Flatbread is also yummy. As for the wine...tried a flight and liked one of the three. I am looking forward to going back and tasting more!!! I would recommend this place in a heartbeat.
2	Uncorked was a nice looking wine bar, but server seemed like she did not want to be there. I have been to many places in and around Arizona and think this place may have a hard time making it with that kind of service attitude. Food was only  ok, and not many happy hour choices. I would give it a second try.
2	Food was good, but, the service was horrid. Staff was more interested in spending time socializing with their friends who were also there.
4	We had a nice time here! Sat out on the patio and enjoyed a lovely evening. Food is good, especially the BBQ chicken pizza. The mac and cheese is delicious and I loved the extra little crunch they add on top. The crostinis were a tad salty, but I would still order them again. Can't beat the $5 cab either. Yay, I'm a fan :)
5	We have been coming here for over a year and it just keeps getting better. They switch up the wines and the menu, have great specials, and the owners and staff are fantastic. Try the Wine Lover's Mac & Cheese, the flatbreads, the poached pear salad, the Parmesan Cheesecake or just know that whatever is on special will be amazing!
5	Best hidden gem! Amazing wine, food, and service! Locally owned.  My boyfriend and I have been coming here for years and every time we've had a great time, meet great people and also get to enjoy the company of the owner and staff.  The wine is moderately priced and is critically selected by the bar to only have great wine at a great price. The food...WOW!!! Mac and Cheese and Crostini flight are an amazing pair. Also, if you're really hungry get the delicious sliders and mac and cheese...incredible is the best word to describe this amazing combo. If you're unsure what to get, and you want a refreshing drink, the sangria here is quite exceptional. I know you're going to love it!!!
4	I really enjoy the atmosphere at this place and the service is always great. The wines seem to rotate rather frequent which is nice. Now I know it's a wine bar but I really wish they had a better craft beer selection, this is the only think that keeps the girlfriend and I away sometimes. She loves wine and I love craft beer so it's not the best place for us. But if you are looking for wine and a fun place to hang out then this is it!!
5	I heard about Uncorked on public television and when I looked up wine bars in the area. What a great find!  It was very welcoming, like being in someone's home. Everything is reasonably priced with lots of options. The Parmesan cheesecake is outstanding!  I had the potato flatbread; a little too soft for me but I will be back to try more options and also be part of many more happy hours. Great find!
2	Let me begin by saying that the bartender was fabulous - attentive, kind, fashionable, and a real heart for customer service. For what we paid, I want the total package...The ambiance here really blows. It's like you've stepped into one of those faux French "paintings" you buy at Marshall's that's anything but tres chic. Boxes of crap laying around, things tucked behind curtains or just sitting out. I never met a flight I didn't love - who doesn't love a change of scenery after deplaning, or the variety that comes with sampling many wines. Flights will run you $18ish.  Isn't that a lot?  We did a sparkling and then a red option. My $5 glass of red during happy hour was just fine. The food is sort of an afterthought here. It definitely wouldn't bring me back.  We had the savory cheesecake which continues to sit in my stomach the morning after, and a chopped salad which was overdressed and what I consider a lunch-sized portion. With so few days in Scottsdale, I wish we would have skipped this and gone elsewhere. I guess that regret means 2*s.
5	Excellent food and reasonable prices, especially when apps are half off during happy hour.  The mac and cheese app was fantastic! The place is a little difficult to find (get good directions) but definitely worth it.
4	This is a great place with a very cozy interior that will remind you of your own living room. Couches line the inside with assorted tables and chairs, and the patio is nice and open to a quiet courtyard which is not too exposed to the sun. The wine flights are tasty and well priced and the service is excellent. The only things preventing them from getting 5 stars from me is that the menu can be expanded a little bit in my opinion and also it seems every time we go there it always take so long to get service, sometimes even on nights when they are empty. Besides that, fantastic place to go with some friends for a casual night out
2	For what we paid (1 wine flight, 2 glasses of wine, 2 appetizers and a cheese plate) I would have expected a little friendlier waitress. One of my pep peeves is when a waitress/waiter pushes product or more drinks on the customer. When our waitress would come back she would only ask if we wanted another and if we said no, she just turned and walked away. It was kind of a turn off because it seems like this place has a lot of great wines to taste. I would recommend this place and just hope that you get a server with a better attitude. The two appetizers that we had were pizzas and you could tell that they wee homemade. The cheese plate was tasty and had an assortment of things to try. I would have hoped it would have had more sauce (only a little dab of mustard was present) and a little chapter. $17 for the cheese plate is a little steep, especially when you get one slice of each cheese. A small handful of candied nuts, three slices of cheese, some cut baguette, a vine of grapes and 1/3 sliced pear does not equal $17 in my book but when in Rome, I guess.....
4	First time into this place, I stumbled into a 3rd Saturday tasting session. Good thing I arrived early as the first words I hear are "Hello, Are you here for the wine tasting?" Ummmm nope! Server goes on to explain all about it and that if we wanted to there were only two spots left. This was about 3:15 and tasting started at 3:30. After overlooking the flight menu and food, we decided to partake in the tasting. $10 for 10 tastes. That's very reasonable. Place got very crowded during the tasting and then most people vanished after it was over at 7pm.Lots of sitting room but small place. The patio section looks bigger. Playing college football on the TV's. Small craft beer selection and Bud light.If this were my place:I would move some furniture to handle the crowds on tasting nights. And maybe move the tasting table to a better location for access.Clean up all the debris in plain view of the customer. By debris i am referring to all the boxes and things in the restroom hall and next to the kitchen entrance. If that's how the lounge looks, What is going on in the kitchen? I have been to dive bars with less debris.After hall cleaning, take down the curtain!!All in all, staff was friendly (even kitchen staff), wine is wine to me some you like some you don't, for what we got prices were good, and most important WE WOULD RETURN AGAIN.
4	Nice place to stop in for a glass of wine.  Small place, very cozy and intimate...perfect place for having conversations or a date.  Friendly staff and great service.
5	Always a pleasure to have a glass of vino at Uncorked.  Good prices, quaint and enjoyable atmosphere, a fair pour, and fun staff.  We generally look for the specials wine menu and there is almost something fabulous on there for a good price.
