4	This was the first time that I rented a car from Hertz in Charlotte.  I usually use other cars when I travel here on business.  The selection of cars is really good.  I can even select the car I own to rent if I'm feeling like I don't want to slip out of my routine.  I noticed in Los Angeles that Hertz offers Hummers, BMWs, Jaguars, Audis, and other top line cars as rental vehicles.  It beats getting a Pontiac POS any day.  The rental was clean on the inside and performed well.  I was disappointed that the outside of the car was dirty.  However, this may be due to the fact that the Atlantic Southeast is having a water shortage so I'll cut them some slack and only deduct one star.  The trip from the terminal to the rental car lot was quick and the wait for the shuttle bus was short.  The staff is friendly in that Southern charm sort of way.  Do yourself a favor and bid on a rental car through priceline.com.  If you pick the right category, then Hertz will come up as the winner.
1	When I've had a LONG day, several flights and layovers in tedious places, and I'm tired, I don't want to be treated like crap. Especially when I'm being a good little customer and using their stupid kiosk, per their request. It kept timing out, and I had to slide my card and drivers license again and again, because it started over each time. I needed the help of the "lady" at the counter, but she refused to make eye contact. She was sweetness itself to the men, but me she disliked. I try to be a considerate customer, but this attitude was not rewarded at Hertz. Also, a roach crawled out on me while I was on the highway. Yikes. Otherwise, the car was fine. ::shrug::
3	They do have a nice car selection...but the customer service folks at the counter are very rude...there are 2~3 of them very nice,soft spoken, customer centric....but there is one gentlemen whom I spoke over the phone...was really rude....Hertz being one the best Car Rental must not this down....The Shuttle service is good and the people driving them are real nice people...I do not recollect the name of the lady at the counter( twice)..she was very nice,friendly and understanding.....
2	I try not to leave reviews based on any one outlying event. This review is no different. I don't recommend this Hertz location, as there always seems to be a problem. Today, a Tuesday at 11am, they have no cars available and therefore have 10+ people with reservations waiting 45 minutes or more for a car. Unacceptable. A few weeks ago, the lady running to bring the cars to the office was unable after 2 attempts to find the vehicle that was on my rental agreement. So I ended up taking whatever she could find. If they continue to have the cheapest rentals, I may have to continue renting from them to abide by my company's policies. Otherwise, I'm switching to National or Avis.
1	This place STUNK! Figuratively... I think the customer service, obtaining the car, was ridiculous, horrendous, incredulous!! We were waiting in line and they decided to only give good service to selective customers. We got....yelled at...By the person servicing us and he was just so rude, I had never, apart from the DMV, EVER gotten so upset. Of course, you'll be damned if you piss someone off in customer service because they will let you know! And we ended up waiting much longer than anyone else there to be handed the keys to a car that had been ready almost and hour and a half. I wish we had video cameras to record the absurd service we received. Granted, this is only for the people working here, not Hertz the company itself as I have had much much MUCH better service at Hertz elsewhere.
1	Having rented from many different rental car companies and locations.. I must say this take the cake as the worst experience ever.  I guess you get what you pay for and  at the time Hertz must have offered the cheapest rate.. If I had known that for 4 extra dollars I could have spent over an hour of my life elsewhere and not deal with these horrible clerks,  I would have paid double. This Hertz location serves a pretty large airport and probably has the demand to stay afloat but as far as brand representation,  I believe it's doing harm by allowing it to function the way that it does.  You are greeted at the Hertz counter at the airport with a sign that just reads proceed to the bus stop ahead.  (which I did)  I waited for 40 mins before the bus arrived.  ( enough time to admire the water fountain of the Queen)  I will admit that after my bus arrived at the rental location another bus pulled in about 15 minutes after so maybe the bus driver just had to "drop the kids off at the pool."  I then approached the counter and the "lady" at the desk must have tried to NOT make eye contact with me the entire time.  She succeeded.. She didn't look up at me once and spoke to me in a condescending manner.  If you hated your job that much just quit.  I decided I'd rather wait on line again and deal with someone else.  So I was handled by the manager and the service did not improve one bit.  I thought okay just get the car and go.  After all the paperwork was done.  I sat down and waited and was able to talk to another couple which just dealt with the same ordeal..  we both conversed and waited for about 20-30 more minutes.  We noticed it was taking a while so I asked the manger about how much longer it would take for our cars to be brought up and he said.. "well it's been sitting at this spot since I spoke to you."   So I'm thinking:1.  We were all hard of hearing and didn't hear him tell us where it was parked  2.  He must have been busy sitting there hating his job and not notice or wonder why are there 4 people waiting in my waiting area?  They are THE ONLY 4 people in here..  3.  Pay the extra dollar or 2 per day and stay away.
4	I am only reviewing the Gold part.  I had a company reservation and then I had to go back and get a car seat for my family in the middle of my business trip as they were going to visit me.  The lady on the 800 number said that I needed to cancel my current reservation and then add another one with the baby sit.  Like for real??  I just went there, they didn't even ask for my reservation....they brought out a seat and they even helped me put it in.  They even filled the air in the car.  Great customer service.
1	Where to start with this review?We went with Hertz because I did the Name Your Own Price option on Priceline, which up until this experience, had been quite beneficial for saving money, however I would not recommend this feature for rental cars because you may end up with Hertz.The Charlotte Douglas airport location is fine as far as how easy it is to get to and the shuttle arrival and departure times. However, the people who run this location are entirely incompetent. First problem: Since I already had a reservation, I was forced to use this extremely bizarre video chat system where I picked up what equaled a pay phone and video chatted with a representative. This was while there were available representatives on site. The manager who "dialed" the rep didn't explain the process at all.The representative I spoke to was fine, but she misled me and tried to up-sell me twice and then completely lost interest in helping me when she realized she wasn't going to make her sales quota through me. This whole process was entirely confusing and I don't know why a company would EVER consider doing this. Second problem: We were told where are car was parked, and although there were reps available, no one took us to where the car was. They just kind of pointed and said, "It's near the fence." Um, the entire place is surrounded by a fence! Third problem: They gave us no inspection paperwork. We had to get in the car, drive around and ask for it and then inspect the car ourselves. They took the paperwork afterwards, but who knows what they did with it!Fourth problem: We returned the car 1 hour late, which meant we incurred a $30 fee for a late return. I understand that this is the policy, but didn't know before hand. The manager said he could do nothing except give me a gift certificate. Tough luck for me since I already swore up and down that I would never rent from Hertz again.  I resolved to call when I returned home.Fifth problem: I called and emailed customer service about my charge. WHen I finally got a hold of someone, they told me that there was nothing they could do since I already accepted the gift certificate, and because I accepted it, it meant that I agreed the issue was resolved.That's when I was really incensed since no one ever said that by accepting the certificate that I agreed I was OK with being charged $30/hour. Because I most certainly was not! As a "goodwill" gesture, she reduced my fee by a whopping $15.38.Consider this your fair warning. If I could give this company zero stars, I would. Go with Enterprise instead. You'll probably pay more, but at least you won't have to deal with Hertz.
1	2 words: unorganized chaos. I hate when rental car companies are offsite from the airport. Then the line wrapped around the door & they only had 2 people helping people!!! Will be avoiding this place in the future.
1	One of the worst rental experiences of my life. Computers were down and had to write out rental agreements by hand. Waited over a hour for them to process 4 rentals. The line behind me very long and no concession was offered. Got a Chevy piece of junk Aveo. Talk about a tin can on wheels! Transmission sounded horrible (grinding sound) and could feel the vibration at certain speeds/gears. Barely had enough power to go up a hill and still maintain highway speed. Next time it Avis or anyone else beside Hertz.
1	Have yet to recieve my security deposit that i was suppose to get over three weeks ago. Horrible customer service and there is so many fee's after the fact that they will not inform you of. Not only will i never use hertz again i will suggest to anyone who visits to get basically anyone but hertz horrible.
1	I waited an hour and a half for my car, from 9:30pm to 11,  on a humid Wednesday night in a waiting area that seemed to have no A/C. Staff was wildly disorganized, frazzled and, despite numerous questions from the room full of understandably frustrated customers, never gave a straight answer as to the exact nature of the problem. Employees behind the counter would disappear for 20, 30 minutes with no explanation. I finally confronted the manager as to why they had plenty of cars sitting idle over in the Gold Club section but were parceling out cars to us non-Gold people at a rate of 1 every 20 minutes! 30 minutes later, I was given a car in the Gold parking area. To be fair, my previous handful of experiences with Hertz at CLT were trouble free, but this experience has made me gun shy about using them ever again.
1	I'm a business traveler for over 20 years, and my experience with the Charlotte, NC airport Hertz location would rate as the worst I've ever experienced. I'd confirmed various details of my agreement with Hertz's 800# but when I got to the counter (after waiting half an hour at the airport for a shuttle van that never came -- I eventually took the National shuttle and walked over to Hertz!!) the manager claimed they couldn't abide by what we'd been told and as a result our bill was almost triple the original reservation. Attempts to rectify with the manager on duty when returning the car were met with "that's not our problem" and "well, you signed the agreement."  It's also worth adding that I've gotten nowhere with Hertz's corporate 800# (I was left on hold for THIRTY MINUTES) and their website (no response to email submission). I've never been treated so poorly. AVOID THIS PLACE!!!!
1	I've used Hertz since I was old enough to rent a car, but I'll never go back after this experience. I initially spoke with an agent when I first arrived at Hertz. I specifically told her that I was going to add another driver. I received a slip of paper that said, in bold print, "TOTAL ESTIMATED CHARGE." I then gave her the information about the second driver, after which I received several more pieces of paper.I later found out that one of those slips was a second contract that said, in small, faint print, that I had to pay $13 for each day with a second driver. If I had known that I wouldn't have added the second driver.This is clearly a rip off. Hertz should have printed a revised total that stated the updated price IN BOLD CAPITAL LETTERS, like they did with the original price.I found all this out when I dropped off the car. I talked to the manager, who was obnoxious and unhelpful - she basically asked if I could read. I called the 800 # twice and got even more discourteous service. (They never responded to an email I sent shortly after the incident.)Hertz succeeded in ripping me off for an extra $100 or so. But they've lost my business for good.Don't get scammed like I did. Avoid Hertz and go with a reputable company instead.
2	What a lousy experience.  Perhaps there was a reason they were so unprepared but as a regular Hertz Gold customer I was astonished at the disorganization of this facility. Last Thursday afternoon a bus full of travelers, many Gold got off the bus to find their name not on the Gold sign, so more than  half a dozen of us lined up outside (gold office too small for more than 3-4 people) to wait for ONE person to find us cars.  Finally after 20 mins a second person came to help  After a significant wait I was asked if I really needed a full-sized car as requested.  Since it was apparent something else would be quicker I took what they offered (of course smaller not more luxurious). The car was fine - however, the return experience on Friday afternoon was just as miserable - perhaps more so since I was now running late for my flight. First of all, CLT airport you need a traffic light at the intersection Near the  Hertz return entrance - it took about 15 mins to get across the street -thankfully and airport official car coincidentally came by and let cars that needed to go straight into the lot cross. And then, we waited another 15 mins for a bus to take us to the terminal - bad planning Hertz. If I didn't have TSA per-check Or had to check a bag, I'm not sure I would have made my flight. Totally unacceptable service - that's an oxymoron with Hertz Charlotte.
1	The car was nice, the service was terrible. Can I give zero stars?
2	I'm still so baffled... So we take a shuttle to your location. We wait in line to speak with a representative, who then directs us to a kiosk, where we then put on headphones and essential Skype with another employee. We insert our credit card, instead of handing it to a live person, then we go find our car and drive off. Seriously, this does not seem efficient to me. You? You have two employees who are working inside, why can't they do the job of what the kiosk is providing. Understandably if those actual, physical employees weren't there, then I'd get it...but they were there, ready to help. Instead the line was getting longer and longer, but everyone waited for their turn to skype at a kiosk, when right there were two able bodied employees! Hummm....so ass backwards! Oh well, as for everyone working there, they were all polite and extended the extra courtesy of finding our cars and driving them up to us when we looked like lost puppies in the parking lot. Seriously, they should think about their signage from a basic patrons view, your stuff is confusing! I guess I'll continue to be baffled...
1	Worst Hertz location experience I have ever had.  The car I reserved was not in my Gold space so I went inside.  They told me the class of car I reserved was in the space but would get me the actual car I reserved, a small SUV.  I waited 20 minutes for the right car.  While waiting the manager asked me if I was okay with a Suburban.  I said yes and he said it would cost more.  I told him I was a President's Circle member and entitled to a free upgrade.  He said no to free upgrade.Upon return there was no employee outside to check us in, although there were 3 employees standing in the return area.
2	Not a great Hertz location and they need much better signage and training.  I have been Hertz Gold Presidents Circle for the past 7 years, so I do know a thing about the car rental process, globally.  At this location, they did give me keys and directions to car lot, but signage is poor at night, as worse, there was no one to address my NeverLost  being defective, issue.Basically, they have a shared lot 1/3 mile away from rental counter, with no visible signs directing folks. Car was ok otherwise.  Yes, I have had FAR better at other Hertz locations.  Yes I have had far better at other car rental companies.
1	I am a President's Club member, arrived to a dirty Mini-Van! Really?  The NeverLost in the car did not work (no sound). They didn't seem to care. Exactly :)???
4	This location is actually the best I've found in the country.  Many (most) Hertz locations are chock full of mean people who hate their jobs, and don't get me started on the Hertz call center which staffs only people who know decidedly nothing about cars.  But in terms of positive vs. negative experiences, Hertz CLT is the best one I've found.  Thanks.
5	Recently I rented a car from Hertz at the Charlotte Airport.  When I reserved the car a month before, the rate was very high, but no other company had a cheaper rate.  On the day I flew to Charlotte, I checked the rental car rates and found that the rate at Hertz had dropped substantially.  I thus cancelled my previous online reservation and booked a new reservation for the much cheaper rate.I picked up the car at Hertz, and I was told that the contract would be printed and given to me at the Exit gate.  I received the contract there, but it was for the older, higher rate.  I did not have any time to deal with it at that point, unfortunately, as I had to go to a meeting.When I returned the car, I went to the Hertz desk and explained the situation to the staff member there.  He politely listened and understood.  He then fixed the issue over the next 5 or 10 minutes, so my rental rate was adjusted to the lower rate.  I was very grateful to him, and I have experienced that kind of dedication to customer service at other Hertz locations.
4	People here were really friendly but the price ain't right. I do have to give them credit because they were the only rental place that had cars remaining, and even Enterprise couldn't hook up it's sliver plus whatever member.
1	The worst Hertz location I've dealt with! The shuttle driver did not offer to help me or my colleague with our bags, instead he and another Hertz employee just chatted up a storm and did not even recognize our presence.  It was 6am and we both had golf bags and large carry-on baggage. I am a Hertz Gold Club member but my car was not waiting when we arrived. So I had to talk to an agent inside to get my car. They had me assigned to the wrong level of car so they offered me an upgrade, yet charged me for an upgrade, ok fine. This process took about 40 minutes. Each other person in my company had wait times of over an hour each! When we returned the car there was no one there to help check us in. When someone finally showed to check in the car, he turned around and walked away without helping us! We had to track him down. Again no one offered to help with the bags. Finally got the shuttle back to the airport, again no one offered to help with the bags. driver did not ask anyone on the shuttle what airline we were flying on and dropped us off at baggage claim! Worst service ever!
3	I'm all grows up, and nothing makes me feel more so than renting a car. (Except perhaps the fact that some of my friends have started having children on purpose.)In Charlotte, Hertz seems like a good bet, if only because I'll never use Avis again. The folks behind the counter don't move too quickly and they are very confused if you aren't in town for NASCAR, but they're nice enough and they don't give you the hard sell on insurance and upgrades. The shuttle is quick to and from the airport, and the prices are dirt cheap if you're used to renting cars in NYC.Nothing about the experience blew me away, but I'd do it again.
2	Even though we had a reservation we were made to wait for a car. If they're going to overbook cars they should offer free upgrades to get people on the road. I'd look elsewhere.
1	I got there at midnight to pick up my rental and the entrance was gated... After checking to make sure we weren't missing another possible entrance, we drove up to the exit and the pleasant employee informed me that they close the gate at midnight and everyone has to come in through this way... You know what would have been nice?  A sign that says that on the closed gate!  Something with a nice, little arrow that says, "Hey, we're still open, just go right down here."  Is that hard?  I guess so.Inside, the woman working at the counter was nice... She had me completely finished in about 10 minutes and I headed out to the car... It was a 2013 White Dodge Dart... I took a nice lap around the outside to make sure there weren't any dings or anything and went off into the night... I heard a weird ping sound while I was driving a few minutes in, but it was directly behind me, so I figured I would just check it out when I got home since we live pretty close to the airport... Ladies and gentlemen, I got home and checked the backseat of my rental car to find an empty bottle of Great Lakes' delicious Commodore Perry IPA!  Look, I understand that it's a delicious beer... I love beer almost any time, but you know when I don't love it?  When it's in my rental car, rolling around in the backseat with a fricking open container charge attached to it! What the H?! Upon contacting them the next day (because the manager wasn't onsite), I found out that the manager would "talk to the employee" that cleans the cars, but they would accommodate me when I returned... The car worked fine for the trip and it was time to return it... We pulled into the bay... We cleaned the interior and unpacked the luggage, but still hadn't seen a person to check us in... After about 10 minutes, I spotted two employees standing by a door, doing nothing... As I walked by them, they walked into the bay of cars, but only pressed on the hoods of them for some reason and just leisurely walked on to the next... Once I got to the front of the bay, I noticed a small sign that didn't even reach past the height of the hood of the car it was in front of ... It said that they do not have people to check in their cars... You have to leave the keys in the ignition, write down the mileage and check in the car inside... So no inspection upon return, guys?  I'm just supposed to trust that you won't run up some random charge on my card for damage or what not?  Really? Inside was a straight up flustercluck... There is no other way to describe it... About 15 people waiting in line for TWO attendants and one of them ended up being tied up by one lady from France who didn't know she needed a $200 hold on her card... Apparently her boyfriend rented the car for her, but she doesn't have any more money and he won't go to the bank to put more money in the account... But she doesn't understand because this is a once in a lifetime thing and he never does anything for her and she needs him to leave where he is and go to the bank...  But he doesn't... At least not for the half hour I was in line to return this stupid car... The employee listened to her calmly and explained her options, so he gets points for that, at least... Then I noticed two other people come out of the back, walk through the area we were in and head outside... One of them was very clearly identified as a manager... How in the H do you miss a loudly complaining customer and about 15 other people with extremely unhappy looks on their faces packed into your lobby if you're in charge of something?  Oh, I know... You just don't give a f***... That's how.Ugh.  Look, if you want to be open 24 hours, then you need to have enough employees on staff to make that happen as smoothly as possible... Otherwise, just close down and leave that for people that understand that good customer service doesn't only happen during traditional business hours! Oh! And my accommodation made for my possible arrest?  A 10% off coupon for another rental... Let me tell you where you can put that... On my next trip out of town, I will be renting a horse and leaving days ahead of schedule...
1	Leave another 2 days for your trip, because they really are that slow!! They really need to change their system here. Really, I might have been faster ordering the parts for a car, and building it myself!
1	Never again.Lines are terribly long, mostly due to slow, incompetent counter employees working with no sense of urgency.  Requested car seats but got to the car and no car seats were to be found.  Took over 30 minutes of screaming and threatening employees to finally get someone to bring them out.  Car seats were dirty and old.  Employee had tried to clean them but essentially just got them all wet, forcing our kids to sit on towels in the car seats.  Belts were all mangled requiring both seats to be fully taken apart and put back together.  And know this -- Hertz provides no assistance with car seats -- something that should have been made clear at the time of the reservation.  All in all, it took well over an hour to get out of the parking lot, which happens to be designed so that no traffic can easily get in or out, especially at busy times.  And to think Hertz actually charges MORE than most of their competitors.Hertz was once a great company.  But every interaction I've had with them in the last 5 years has steadily shown them going downhill.  Well, guess what Hertz?  You finally hit bottom. I will never ever do business with you again.
1	They have the worst customer service I have ever experienced. Never again will I rent from them. When I needed to turn the car in an hour early in order to get to my flight on time, they pretty much said tough luck. I was transferred to three different period to get the same response. Don't waste your money.
3	Wow...not sure why all the poor reviews here for Hertz. I've been renting from Hertz for years and have never really any issues with them. The cars I've rented have been reliable. I do have the Gold service, so I simply hop on the bus and go to the offsite location, find my name on the board, and head directly to my car. With Gold Choice now, I can even select a different car if I don't like the car that was assigned to me. The agent at the exit gate was very friendly and I was on my way in no time. The only downside is that this is offsite from the airport. I prefer locations onsite to the airport, but it is what it is. The bus came quickly and it was maybe a 5 minute ride at best. I would certainly rent from this Hertz location again.
3	My general Hertz experience was good.  All of the employees were very friendly to me.  The shuttle service worked well.  The counter service was quite friendly.  I was happy.  Although I almost had a Steve Martin experience from Planes, Trains, and Automobiles here when I went out to get my car in the lot, and the car I asked for was not there.  Oops.  But thankfully I didn't have to walk back to the airport to fix it.  A very helpful employee was nearby and fixed the problem with a quick phone call.  Only set me back a few minutes.
1	What a disaster -- so bad it Hurts. Hertz ruined a birthday surprise that friends lined up for me, after I flew into town and wound up, they checked with the airline to confirm the arrival time, and I subsequently got stranded in the Hertz office...such an unnecessary delay. All they had to do was tell me when I called, and then had a second chance to when I arrived at the counter, that they were overbooked and that there delays of more than an hour and a half. Had they been responsible and courteous, I would have taken to another car rental agency and thought well of them....but I guess my money was too important to them. But I'll tell you what they didn't use all that money from their over-bookings for...for someone to run the place responsibly. I thought the splattering of water drops as I was coming through the door was bad -- but you had to see the torrent of water gushing down from the roof next to where people were boarding the bus back to the terminal. The ineptness of the management of the place bordered on comical.Not only were people being showered-on while bordering the bus, with nobody around to care or fix the gushing water, but the bus drivers weren't smart enough to scoot up the pick-up point 15 feet so people wouldn't get wet -- and no manager was around to think for them and move the pick-up point to a drier spot. I have videos of this farce.I was referred to Hertz by Marriott by a call transfer when I booked the hotel at the airport...and unless Marriott wants to risk being guilty by association, they better run away from these jokers until they figure out how to manage, think and behave responsibly, even when they're busy and making lots of bookings (and revenues) -- and to have more respect for the time and needs of their clients.
1	Zero stars of I could for this Charlotte Hertz location- after waiting 45 min in line to get my filthy, poorly running car the incompetent, rude,  front desk jerk was hitting on me. Needless to say I never took him up on his advances. -15 minute wait in Line to exit the rental car location. -Waited 45 minutes inside to get this vehicle- while waiting in line for 45 min a customer came into the location saying he had his 3rd  flat tire with Hertz.-Working with Ford motor company for the weekend and my entire group had the same experience upon check in. We all arrived at various times throughout the week, and all of us had to wait in ridiculously Long lines to pick up our cars. -The front desk personal had no professionalism, sense for urgency, overall the worst experience I've ever had renting a car in my "16 years as a professional traveler".***Do not rent cars from this location****.
1	There's about 50 people in line, and we are all being told there are no cars left--reservation or not. The customer service person is saying he has no solution. No cars. No service. You make your decision. Everyone is pi$$ed!!! I wouldn't come here. Ever. Again.
1	I had a Gold reservation but arrived to find my name was not on the board. I waited in line with a dozen other livid Gold members and was then offfered a mini-van or to pay extra for an upgrade. If I gould give Hertz a zero I would.
3	I reserved and paid for my 1 day rental online thought Hotwire. I included the insurance in my reservation too. I was under the influence that everything was PAID IN FULL. When I arrived they wanted to put a $200 hold on my card. There was nothing in my confirmation email stating this so I didn't anticipate it. My bank is a local state bank (NV) and since I don't live in Charlotte, I couldn't deposit additional funds on that card. We had transferred money to our Bank of America account to prevent this type of issue. I showed up by myself with my card that the car was paid for on. Long story short I had to cancel my reservation because I did not have an additional card on me to have the $200 hold put on. Moral of the story, always bring a back up card even if you've already paid in full. Oh and be knowledgeable of your reservation details. Especially on the insurance!!! Even though I had already paid for the rental insurance the guy at the counter tried to sell me more. They make money off of those up sells! A basic one is always good so you aren't charged for the downtime of a vehicle IF you're in an accident. He also tried to sell me their gas refill program (not sure on it's actual name). Where you can prepay gas at a "discounted" rate. Told me I couldn't find anywhere in town with their low or a lower price. So I pulled out my phone, checked my Gas Buddy app. Sure enough there were gas stations with the same rate. Wonder if they make money on that too?I don't mind filling up on my own so prepaying gas was not something I needed.
2	Takes terribly long although I am Gold Member. Name is not listed on the board. Endless discussions.... It took 45 min to get the car.
1	Hertz here is awful, worst I've ever seen.  50 people in line, four behind the counter.  Don'tSeem to care...line is longer than my flight!!  Buses keep delivering people.  Could it be that it's a surprise that a lot of people show up at 2:00, wanting to pick up cars they paid for.  Cost is not worth this aggravation, I beg you to go somewhere else ....again, worst I have ever seen.
2	I reserved a rental through Hotwire for a full-size car. When I arrived late at night to pick up my vehicle, the rental agent advised me they didn't have any more full-sized vehicles and that they'd give me a free upgrade. I am not picky, but the only vehicles she said they had were a minivan and an extra-large SUV. I knew I'd be driving a lot and I didn't want to have to pay lots of money to gas up the vehicle, so I asked if there was anything else available. Instead of offering me something smaller, she said, "sorry, this is all that's left on the lot." Having worked in the rental business I knew she wasn't telling the truth. Sure enough, I stepped outside and saw several other vehicles she could have put me in, like a Cross-over or a mini-SUV. They had dozens available on their lot, but I am not sure if she just wasn't creative or if she was lazy, but there were other things she could have done to accommodate me. The vehicle was nice and in good shape, and she wasn't rude, but I expect a lot more in the way of customer service. Rent from somebody else if you have the choice.
1	Bad service, bad cars, not recommended. Three sleepy mumbling representatives behind the counter and an exceedingly long line that is not moving. Finally I get a car whose wheels go cloink-clink-clunk so I didn't dare to go anywhere with it. I exchange it for a car that has no functioning outlet so I can't even use my GPS. Total failure.
5	I usually do not get this kind of service at any rental car places, but this particular time I was very impressed. Shuttle bus driver took me straight to my vehicle, at the gate I just had to show my driver license and I was off to my destination. Return was just as fast, and shuttle bus was waiting to take me to the Charlotte airport. All personnel were friendly and helpful, will use Hertz again soon.
1	It's been a few weeks now since my trip from my house on Cape Cod to my niece's wonderful wedding in Greenville SC.  The trip is basically three legs : 1) bus Logan Airport, Boston (approx. 90 min.) 2) plane to Charlotte SC (3 1/2 hrs including early arrival at Logan) and 3) rental car to Greenville (1 1/2 hrs).  Little did I know that there would be fourth leg: picking up my previously reserved rental car at Hertz (1 hr.).  The next person they hire their that knows what's going on will be the first.
1	Like the previous reviewers, if you are in a hurry, don't rent here. 45min wait time. The jerk "Larry" behind the desk as identified in other reviews runs this place like a concentration camp. Instead of being apologetic, he reprimands people for coming up to the counter before they're ready. AVOID!!
1	Flights we're canceled so I needed to drive 8 hours home. Upon return, there was NO ONE there ready for my return. The attendants were in their small stations and would not scan my vehicle. They told me to go to the main office counter. When I got there, the line was out the door with people waiting to make reservations! I just needed to return! The line was barely moving! It was late, I was tired and, though there were employees in the lot, not a single one would take two minutes to scan and print a receipt for one return. 45 minutes later I was able to return my vehicle. I've never had this issue with any other rental company and I will NEVER use Hertz again.
1	It Hurtz Horrible. Two painful experiences in a month. On my first  the front desk persons were slow, unfriendly and grumpy. Car was filthy and when I pointed this out and requested a clean cat they offered me an upgrade for a fee. I returned car and left two phone/lap top chargers in car charger. They have not been turned over to lost and found so the staff is stealing. My second trip reaffirmed that the staff was not just having a bad day but that were bad everyday. On my return I was hurrying and did not refill gas. Drove locally around Charlotte for two days and used about 1/4 tank. I was charged $115 for a full tank and service. The mileage recorded is EXAXTLY 200 miles indicating that the just guessed an amount. HurtZ claim I returned the car completely empty but has no record or the inspection sheet. So I thought I would be helpful and do the customer survey on the hertz web site. But I needed a 5 or 7 digit access code. Three reps gave me codes that did not work. I asked the third to hold while I tried the code and he said I should call back if it did not work. http://www.hertzsurvey.com/  My exp with Hertz has been very good over many years but at Charlotte Douglas airport I will use another company, next time. One Love
1	It is the busiest holiday week of the year and they have one man working and two broken kiosks. 1 hour wait. I would do half a star if possible.
1	Horrible treatment. The worst management team ever. They are not interested in helping with your situation at all, they have your money and dont care what condition the vehicle is in and whether or not your experience with the vehicle was good or bad. Unfortunately, until people read the reviews and stop renting from them and impact their finances this bad service and behavior will continue.I will have to say the gentleman at the return line was the only person who tried to help. Their vehicles are dirty and smelly. Word to the wise, choose another company if at all possible.
1	45 minute wait for a car I reserved a month ago??? Ridiculous.  The staff seemed unsympathetic to everyone.  In addition, there is a lot full of cars for club gold members.   Never again will I rent from this Hertz.
1	Yet another Hertz location that doesn't have cars for reservations.  Ridiculous wait as they make us sit here waiting for returns to come in.  Seriously, take a taxi.  #hertz
1	I rent from Hertz every week and have been a Presidential Circle member for several years.  I have probably rented from over a 100 different Hertz locations.  This one is by-far the WORST.....EVER! The shuttle is super slow and with one shuttle running, the wait feels like an eternity.  The shuttle driver just sits there and does not help in anyway.Even with a Gold Reservation booked far in advance, don't be surprised if your name is not on the Gold Board.  When I was there, there were at least 20 Gold Members whose car was either not in the stall in the indicated stall or their name was not list on the board.  The lady working the Gold Counter was SUPER RUDE and acted if she was being bothered if anyone tried to ask her questions.  She was basically a service agent at the Gold Counter who did not want to be bothered.  I had an issue with my driver license.  So the SUPER RUDE gold counter lady called over the supervisor.  I had lost my driver license so he tried to explain to me why he could not rent me a car.  He thought he could, so he called someone else to clear it.  I asked if I can speak with the person he spoke to on the phone and i was told "NO" since he if off the clock.  He tells me that he can call him but a customer cannot since he is off the clock.  While this is going on, the SUPER RUDE gold counter lady starts blurting out State Laws which she claims prevents Hertz from renting me a car; most of her "facts" were total fairy tales.I will never rent form this Hertz again.  If I am back in Charlotte for any reason, I will forgo my Gold Hertz status and rent from either Avis or National.  Actually, if Avis or National offers me instant status (Gold equivalent), I would jump ship immediately.
1	Very, very slow service. Inadequate staffing for the volume of customers and nobody seems in a hurry to help. Find another rental car service at Charlotte airport.
4	Small airport bit still gold board.    Just give yourself time when returning to take shuttle back to airport.
1	Lousy scratched up car. 20k miles on it. No USB port. But it was clean and ran well. The shuttle back to the airport was hilariously bad.  The guy sat I'm the lot empty for 10 mins, them proceeded to wait until he was sardine full before he left event though two other shuttles were there. Traffic was horrible and he inched along. A guy pleaded to get off and walk due to tight schedule but he refused. Twice.
1	This service really sucks. Reservations are not honored even if prepaid. Only highly "upgraded" cars are available. As I sit here four over an hour I know I will NEVER use hertz again.
2	Oh my God. The shuttle ride from the terminal to this Hertz was interminable. Incredible traffic on the access road, partially due to construction and partially due to the road being far too small for the amount of traffic it handles, meant it took us about 30 minutes to traverse the short distance to the Hertz facility. That gave me time to read the Yelp reviews and power walk myself to the rental counter ahead of my fellow shuttle riders, and thank goodness because the line was soon out-of-hand. Our rental car was one of the crappier ones I've rented recently, but it ran fine and got us where we were going. Drop off was better than pick up, but that's not saying much.I wouldn't rent from here again--there's just got to be a different rental facility at Charlotte that is easier to get in and out of.
5	I feel obligated to balance out these scathing reviews since I was prepared for the absolute worst prior to arriving in CLT.We caught the Hertz shuttle immediately upon exiting the terminal and it took no more than 5 minutes to get to the rental car facility. I'm Hertz Five Star, which I don't think necessarily gets me anything special, but my car was parked in a President's Circle spot (even though it was a standard Toyota Corolla). The Corolla had 5,600 miles on it and was perfectly fine (and a new model).Upon returning the car, we were immediately met by a scanner dude and this other kid who was just finishing grad school who I guess was doing some sort of internship at this location. He offered to drive us in our rental car (after we received our receipt, of course, so, no funny business, at least on our end) to the terminal.So, sure. I have no doubts this place must suck sometimes, but in our one experience, it was fantastic.
1	The worst service and slowest employees I've ever seen. Tons of Hertz reps lurking around, line keeps on getting bigger & bigger - no one even bothers to consider opening another counter. Its an embarassing service. I would give it zero stars if I could.
2	Friendly staff, but poor service...I showed up and had reserved a full size car.  The gentleman asked if I wanted a Toyota Camry, I said sure and then asked if Altima was also in this class.  It was and I told him I'd prefer that.  It wasn't until we were nearly complete that he mentioned this was an upgrade. Apparently a full size car is a Dodge Avenger or a Chrysler 200C.  Not really what I would call a full size, but that's fine.  I'm 6'7", so I accepted the upgrade which was apparently only $8.  Not a big deal, just wish it would've been clearer this was an upgrade from the full size.I mentioned probably 3 or 4 times that I wanted the Altima.  Hertz employee continued to tell me the Toyota had a better ride and was a better car.  As I'm signing,  I said one last time, "this is the Altima, right?".  He says "yep."  I leave and walk to my car....  Toyota Camry.  Again, not a big deal and the car is clean and very nice, but the hertz employee was clearly not listening to me.
1	****Watch Your Pennies, and Your Dollars***Reserved a standard car w / no upgrades and unlimited mileage for a trip. Prior to reserving, I joined Hertz gold plus rewards to get any additional discount available. Arrived at hertz, lobby was packed. A woman walked along side the line and asked were there any gold plus members. Of course I said yes. She informed me that I didn't have to stand at the back of this line, I could go to the gold plus member location. So off I go. Walk into the booth, sales person asked my name and said you can pick up your car at at #'d stall. That was easy!Get to the car, it looked fine as far as I was concerned. I get to exit booth where they electronically scan your vehicle before leaving lot. At this point the attendant asked if I want to prepay for gas. Not being a frequent renter of cars, I ask...How does that benefit me? She says that when I get back, "We will fill the tank up at a rate of $3.11", which is cheaper than the street. I agree. There's no price quote before they run my card. I get a long folded receipt, my mistake was in not trying to hold up the line, knowing what my daily rate was, I didn't look at it. I get home and look at the receipt...WAIT A MINUTE!!I was charged for a vehicle upgrade, SiriusXM radio and $60 bucks for gas prepay. I call the Hertz center where I got the car from, explain to them what the discrepancy was. This  "CHICK" on the phone says "well why did you leave if it was wrong?"I try to explain to this "BIRD" that I reserved what I thought was a Nissan Altima, Or comparable car, a standard vehicle. I received a Chevy Malibu which as far as I am concerned was a standard vehicle. It doesn't list anywhere on the vehicle what class it's considered nor does it list upgraded features. On top of that, you don't get the detailed billing statement until you're two(2) tires off the lot!! She ask me to hold, I get transferred to their corporate office. The individual says she doesn't know why they transferred me there but she will have the supervisor from the location call me. I wait about an hour, then drive back to Hertz. I explain again!! I was very clear in what was wrong. The attendant says "well, the system says this is what it is". I tell him that I don't care what your system says. I have an emailed confirmation with all the terms I agreed to. He asks to see email. I show him and he says o.k. Makes changes to the system and gives me another long folded receipt. I go through it and I see he did take off for the SiriusXM radio but not the vehicle upgrade. I approach again and explain that my confirmation was at a very specific daily rate for a standard car. He asks to see email again and says well you have a full size car which is more $$. I say "then give me the standard vehicle at the rate I originally agreed to". Needless to say, I kept the same car at the lower rate. This was more of a pain in the butt than I care to write.   Upon returning the car, just knowing that the tank was about $15 - $20 bucks shy of being filled that I would get the difference back @ a rate of $3.11 per gallon. Wrong again!! Now I was explained the add'l $60 deposit differently, Now it is for the convenience of them filling it up, no matter where the tank was. When I questioned it, the attendant starts talking about.. because you went over 100 miles a day, so forth, and so on, just jargon! I explain that I had unlimited mileage. I get more jargon.  It cost me an add'l $60 bucks for the "Gas Tank Riddle" when I could have filled it up just outside the airport for no more than $20 bucks. This is after the hurdles I already had to jump through to get the price I was originally quoted.  Overall, it was not a good experience!! After reserving at a specific daily rate, I was left feeling like I just played poker at the casino... and only my money was on the table.
1	Stay away. The whole experience was terrible.I was shown to a phone kiosik to check in with an agent through a video-conference. That was not ideal. Do I want to hold an old school phone to my ear while trying to find reservation documents, holding my license up to the camera, etc? Disaster! I felt like I was visiting grand-ma at the penitentiary.Then I was set up in a car with nearly 60,000 miles? For what I paid, I expect something with under 10,000 miles.
1	So far...not so good. We are waiting in the lobby with 20+ other renters. We've been here 30 min, and those finally getting cars have been waiting 2hrs. I use Yelp all the time, and this was the one time i didn't check a place out before paying for a rental...huge mistake! Look at other rental locations reviews, they are much better!!!
1	Terrible service, long lines, broken kiosks. Go with another rental car at CLT it will be well worth your time and money to avoid this sh*t show. I had a deadline departure time to be in my car. I figured an hour was plenty of time to catch the shuttle and pick up my car. Nope...incompetence reigns supreme. Shouldn't expect more from this GLOBAL rental company. Sheesh...ok I'm done complaining now. Be a gold member so you don't waste any more time.
4	I'm a Gold Club member, so vehicle was waiting under a canopy upon arrival from a cross country flight. Definitely pleased to see that it was a Ford Escape (top of the line version) fully-loaded (including Sirius XM). Wasn't pleased that it hadn't be cleaned (as evidenced by trash remaining from previous renters) and that the windshield wipers required replacement, which was a pain given that it was raining. Drove the vehicle cross country back to Sacramento, CA and it ran well. Fortunately, it only rained once for a few minutes in NM, so the wipers weren't that big of an issue. Good service at delivery and return--will continue to rent from Hertz and recommend others do so. A bit pricier, but you get for what you pay.
3	We made our reservation through Priceline and were really worried based on the previous reviews. Our plane was on time and made it to the Hertz location only having to wait about 5 minutes for the bus. There was only one person in front of us in line and we were out of there in less than 10 minutes with no pressure for upgrades or any other sort of hassle. We were given a Nissan Sentra which was fine for the weekend, but I would have to agree with the other reviewers as far as the cleanliness of the car. The insides of all the windows were super smeared making it hard to see at night and when it rained, along with the wipers needing to be changed.
1	The worst place to rent a car from !! They have no cars . Must wait almost 2 hours for a car and they don't care ! Stay away
2	Well, I agree...never again with Hertz at CLT airport.  20 min wait for shuttle followed by huge lines and 2 clerks at off site location.  Then we went out to find a car with dents and scratches and no one wanting to document the damage.  Guy walking around cars said person at gate would do it as we left and then "...ita" at the gate nastily told us that was not her job.  Her comment was to document it myself and then she would date stamp it.  SO I wound up walking around and writing down all the damage and photographing the car while everyone trying to leave waited.  There was NO way I was going to leave without documentation that I wasn't the one that made all the damage.  I'm sure they would have become very efficient then!  I was Totally disappointed in Hertz.  I thought they were better than this experience illustrated!
1	This is the first time ever I wrote a bad review but I am just that frustrated with Hertz CLT.  I was nodding my head on all the negative reviews on Hertz CLT location cause that is my personal experience also.  I am a Gold Circle member but apparently it makes no difference at this location.  I got on-time Carfirmation once out of five rentals in Sept  and your name is not on the board either.  It is true the lines are super long and not unusual to wait in line at least for 20 mins or more even if you are a Gold Circle member and that you had reserved the car properly.  It is also embarrassing to drive a car to the client site, of which has dents and scratches all over.  One time the car they gave me has 67,000 miles on it and the Hertz employee wrote on the paper dents and scratches all over because there were so many.   Most of the counter employees are rude or cold and not helpful.  I asked why I don't get Carfirmation or find my name on the board, the lady just rolled her eyes and there was no apology.  It is also true you always have to wait for the shuttle.  I would see two Avis shuttle come and go and 10 or 15 mins later I will see the Hertz shuttle.  I have also completed survey and sent in complaints to Hertz but nothing has changed.  The only reason I have not switched is because of good services received at other cities and my assignment in Charlotte ends in Dec and I don't have to deal with Hertz CLT any more.Richard... Thanks for your response.  RR 543397190 has miles out 66,900 (9/21/14) and miles in at 67,054 (9/27)
1	Quite possibly the SLOWEST moving place on earth. Took over 30 mins to get a car. Wait line is slow and long to get keys and then super long wait for car to be pulled up. Doesn't this place know that every other rental place is more efficient?Avoid this one if you can.
1	Do not rent here.  Bait and switch.  Book a car at a rate and then they give you a smaller car, which shoild be at lower rate, at the same higher rate originally booked.  No wonder they only hsve a 1 star rating.  So much for being #1.  Guess they've gottrn to big and are full of themselves.  Don't bother asking for management.  They are worthless and could care less about delivering a quality customer experience.
3	Uuuuuuh this place isn't so bad it hertz but it does hertz a bit.  I got my car through orbitz and granted it was Christmas eve so it was crowded, which I can understand.  What I couldn't understand was why it took 20 minutes to check in each customer! I waited at least 30 minutes in line... I mean I've used Dollar, Alamo, and Enterprise at the airport and the most it took for each customer was 5 minutes! I decided to use one of the kiosk with the phone that looked  something like a pay phone from Back to the Future (or Back to the Past?).The guy who helped was Bryce who was nice.... up until I decided to not opt for their insurance  (since I already bought my own online) Which he said "well you're ok until you get into an accident".  OK thanks a lot, I know you're trying to make a sales pitch but nice try playing with my emotions. The car I got was great but the sales people here are ok.  I think I'll try to go with Alamo or enterprise next time.....(or dollar if they reopen).
