5	The turkey burger, service and chocolate cake I had, all had a commonality. They were all good and made for a fun experience. Because when you're eating at Circus Circus, it should be a positive experience. The turkey burger was made with some spices which helped to create just the right flavor. I have had many turkey burgers and this is one of the best. Service was quick during the late lunch, early dinner time. It looks to have a pretty fun menu and will enjoy returning to try a few new items. The lunch was complimentary and was not in trade for a review.
5	Pros: Nice new bar, lots of room to bring a group of friends, entertaining and fun staffCons: Having to weave through all the kids in the casino.5 stars for entertainment! International competition flair bartenders put on a fun and entertaining show. I haven't had a chance to try the food so this rating is for the entertainment and cocktail service. Nice new bar
4	Buy one get one beers, yes! I had the meatloaf sandwich with fries, loved both. Place isn't the classiest place around, but I really enjoyed my food. Place looks like a chain, something I hate, but there is only one of these around. It has that cheesy chain feel because it's in the cheesiest casino on the strip, Circus Circus.  Normally I would never go to a place like this, but the circumstances brought me to this end of the strip and my sandwich was just what I needed.
1	Inside the Circus Circus casino. A small variety of American dishes. The chili hamburger was good and the seasoning on the shoe string fries were good as well. Mean prices were pretty average however the drinks were waaay overpriced! You can use casino credits for the food, not alcohol, so if you have comp $s than this is a good place to eat. Service at the bar was terrible, so I would recommend trying to eat at the main restaurant instead of one of the side bars. Checked out the $0.25 Wings during football games. Wings aren't worth more than $0.25 each so no huge savings and one person needs more than a dozen, but taste isn't bad. So second time around... OMG changed my mind... hamburger was not fully cooked, wings made me sick... or maybe it was the burger. Fries were chewy. Service.. just as bad as before. I'm never eating here again. (too bad because i wanted to try the desert... can you get sick from desert?)
2	Went here for breakfast as it was one of the very few options available to us as we stayed at the mediocre Circus Circus. While the place is new and clean, it is also... like... the tackiest place I've seen to date with their fake rock and roll theme. After being seated at one of the booths, we were given breakfast menus. The options were fairly limited but the prices were decent and the service was lightning fast.I got the Breakfast Shuffle - three eggs shuffled with chorizo sausage, green onions, Monterey Jack and cheddar cheeses. It also came served with breakfast potatoes.While the potatoes were very tasty the eggs were cook unevenly making for a weird experience - every bite was different in taste, texture and caused me to have a bit of morning anxiety... The cheese was flavorless and added nothing to the dish somehow. It hardened instead, which lead to me believe that it was of sub-par quality. As far as the green onions, and the chorizo, there was barely any of each in there. Honestly, I was not very impressed.Having already known at the Circus Circus was mediocre, I had high hopes for this place, especially since you'd think that they'd step it up since there's such few options available in the hotel. But nope, instead it's just average at best. A real shame really. While I'm sure it's probably better for drinks and stuff, why do they bother serving breakfast if they aren't going to do it right? The couple of stars they received were for the service, which was great. But as far as the food goes, they failed.
1	I tried for an inordinate amount of time to get service at this place. It never happened. A sign told me to find the hostess to be seated, so I waited until I was certain no one was coming. I decided to be active about it and walked down to the manager and two of the waiters, I clearly said "excuse me?" and they paid me no mind-- the only response I got from one of them was a hearty "fuck". So I decided to go ask some people sitting at the tables who the host/ess was and how to get seated and served, they said they didn't know because they had been sitting there being ignored for 20 minutes. I tried going to the bar and was promptly ignored. Finally I decided that his place did not deserve my patronage and left in a real uproar, throwing down their menu in frustration after a very long attempt that was very much in vain. Sadly I don't think they can actually go bankrupt due to their location, but I will certainly wish they get closed for some other reason (either health violations or serving alcohol to minors) because they certainly deserve it. Major fail.
1	As a heads up, they have set menus at certain times so if you don't find anything you like, you'd have to go somewhere else.  We went here for an early lunch (almost empty might I add). We ordered the sandwich sampler since we really didn't find anything appealing. The sandwich sampler had a beef dip, sloppy joe, fried bologna, & bbq pork sandwich. All the sandwiches were served on Hawaiian sweet buns which made the sliders too sweet. The fried bologna had grey poupon that made it taste pretty unbearable. The sloppy joe was too tangy and the beef dip didn't even come w/the au jus sauce. The bbq pork was tender but because of the bun, it was too sweet.Server Katheryn was horrible. We didn't even start eating yet and she brought us out our check. I had to wait 15+ min for a refill on water (after I had to remind her twice). The other tables she was slightly more courteous, so it makes me wonder if she's racist as well (we were the only non-caucasians there).Only good if you're drunk or late night since it's 24hr
2	For the price, I think eating at a buffet would've been a better choice. The quality of food was decent and not bad. My family and I came here for breakfast, and by the time we were finished, I was content.Probably would've been more entertaining to eat here in the evening, but oh well.
2	Bit short handed, but cheaper than the buffet... but you get what you pay for. The only reason it gets two stars vs. one was the food was decent.Food was decent. Shoestring fries were good, "homemade" chili on the chili burger had a sweet flavor, but lacked kick. Sadly, that's where it stopped. A $6 kids veggie platter consisted of some ranch, baby carrots, celery sticks, and some broccoli florets - something we could have done with $2 or so at a local grocery store's produce dept.My wife ordered a French Dip, however there were out of baguettes, so they offered her something else or to prepare on a regular sesame bun. She opted for the latter, but that meant she could no longer easily dip the sandwich in the included au jus. It then took her 10 minutes to get someone's attention for some horseradish sauce to make the sandwich more palatable.As for service, the place was less than half occupied, but it took the hostess 5-10 minutes to seat us. When they finally did, we were stuck in a corner (relative to other tables). Our server was NOT all that busy, but still far less than attentive. We had to get up and get our server's attention more than once when we needed sauce or refills. When we asked for more iced tea, she brought us the pitcher and left it at the table so we could pour our own. She had someone else deliver our check. I had to get her attention just to give my payment, and someone else delivered my card to sign. I'm usually a good tipper, but not this time.
4	Searched online for a good lunch spot and found out the place I originally picked had closed. Happened by this place and ended up going there for every meal! Breakfast: 4 of 5-had the morning shuffle ( best scramble ever!) he had eggs Benedict, great sauce! Not too heavy. Pitcher of coffee brought to the table so you don't need to keep flagging down the waitress. Quick service! Home fries could have used a kick but were uniformly crunchy which is hard to come by.Lunch: 3 of 5-  both of us shared the nacho platter, I am somewhat of a nacho platter expert and I was a little disappointed that they used the yellow nacho cheese instead of real cheese cause it makes the chips soggy, other wise just ok. We both had the mini sandwich sampler, delicious! Fries were great too! Shoe string thin and very crunchy. Had a coconut rum drink that I can't remember the name of, but that's because it was really good! It's apparent the hostesses are picked more for their hotness than customer service skills, as there was a wait despite having half the tables empty. A smile would have been nice too, because you are a hostess after all... Dinner: 5 of 5!!-  2 for 1 dinners!!! I had the 16oz melt in your mouth Cajun rib eye with the BEST mashed potatoes I have EVER had, he had the BBQ ribs, fell off the bone, we both agreed best we'd ever had. I HATE coleslaw, that being said my boyfriend almost stabbed me with a fork for trying to eat all of his, soooooo good! Topped it off with a giant keepsake porcelain toilet bowl filled with a mango rockin Rita margarita. OMG. Only regret I didn't have enough room left for deep fried twinkies that I really wanted to try!Decor: 3 of 5 - "Red Neck Pop Art" not a classy joint but amazing food relative to the cost. Noted a large stage that was not being used. Why not!? Also would've liked to see more of the team circus circus bartender flair they so heavily hyped on the drink menu.  What ultimately sealed the deal that we won was a comment I overhearfrom a woman while we were leaving "bite" at the stratosphere, to paraphrase "I just spent $500 on sh$&&! Food in the sky and now I have to wait in line for an elevator? NEVER AGAIN!" moral of the story, if you want some classy $h!&, don't go to Rock & Ritas, but if you're after some bangin food at a reasonable price and toilet bowls that over flow with booze, then this is your place!
5	I would to start this review with a disclaimer....I will on be reviewing the drinks and the atmosphere. This place was so amazing! I went here with my bf after seeing an add for the 1/2 off margaritas sign outside Circus Circus. We ended up not even getting the deal we went in for. We order those large drinks you see everyone on the strip walking around with. The bartender was GREAT! He was entertaining and welcoming. He made us drinks and even put on a show while we sat at the bar. During the show he and another bartender who was about to begin his shift put on a show throwing bottles and doing other tricks. During the show they gave every complimentary drinks. They tasted like water but it was still fun. I think by the time my bf and I left this bar we were drunk and loving it. This was my first time in Vegas so I was really enjoying myself. We stayed 2 hours. If we had stayed any longer I dont think  I would've been able to walk out of this place. The music was also great...a variety of top 20 and rock music. This was a great place for drinks before dinner.
4	Great burgers! Cooked to perfection.
5	Vegas usually has expensive food that looks pretty and doesn't fill you up.  This is not one of them.  Food is reasonably priced ($10-$14 ish for a plate) and enough food for left overs!  I had the mac and cheese and it was yum!  BF had the chicken parmesan pasta and it came with a very nice piece of juicy chicken.  Lots of TVs also so it was great while we watched UFC. Staff was friendly and service was great.
1	Went here with my sisters... we all got the impression they were racist..as we waited 15 mins for anyone to acknowledge us...then when my sister tried ordering the "all American burger" the waitress started laughing and said in a sarcastic tone " oh I'm sure you want the allllll AMERICAN burger" then walked away and was helping other tables we felt so uncomfortable we said fuck this and walked out ...not to mention the hostess was the same way to my dad , just plain racist .
3	Prices are better than most las vegas restaurants.  Chili was good but too much rice.  Fries were good. Chicken noodle soup was bland. Bacon salad was tasty but had no bacon. Slider sample was mediocre.
3	Food was actually ok.  The service was CRAZY slow.  It took our waiter 20 minutes just to take our drink order.  They weren't that busy.  I watched our waiter walk in and out of the kitchen/prep area with nothing in his hands.  Teach your staff to multitask!
2	We were absolutely starving so we decided to check out this place...wish we hadn't. The food was lackluster - not all that cheap and NO RITAS! I suppose I needed to look for the apostrophe but I was kind of hoping they would have a variety of margaritas...but alas Rita is just the name.  With my hopes dashed I was left to the food which wasn't anything I'd give a second thought to. The day we went there was no live music and no real ambiance to speak of.
5	Great food and service. Waitress was attentive and kind. Lots of TVs, so good place to watch games. Will definitely will come again.
3	First off, I got A-1 service from our waitress Shannon. She was on top of drinks, made sure that our orders were right and tasted acceptable. A couple of my party had burgers and said that they were good. I had a chicken salad that was fairly tasty. While the food was nothing special, everyone finished their meals without complaint. There are certainly better places to be found,  but if you are looking for a reasonably priced meal, and don't feel like leaving the Circus-Circus casino, or don't want to stand in a ridiculous line (buffet), then come here. Also, if you are looking for a place to have a beer and watch your favorite game, this is your best option in Circus Circus as they have several large screens dedicated to sports. P.S. -  The 'Rock & Roll' theme for this joint is extremely tacky. It was either done intentionally or by someone completely clueless, it's really tough to decide which it is though.
1	Dinner (mixture of adults and children)Food = 2 Star If I'm Drunk and Feeling GenerousService = 1 StarReview:  Rock & Rita's Food & Drinks = Swillswill (plural swills)    a mixture of solid and liquid food scraps fed to pigs etc; especially kitchen waste for this purpose
2	I have to say that I was very disappointed with the service I received from this place.  I went there with my family and the waitress seemed as if she did not want to serve us, or she just was having a bad day however when you are in a customer service job you should make the customers feel as if they are there to have a good time.  I am sad to say that the bad service over shadowed the good food that they served. If you don't mind a hit and miss on service have a good time cause the food is very good.
4	I'm only writing a review for this place because I think it deserves more than two starts. I like most people used a $6.99 coupon for an all American breakfast, 3 eggs, potatoes, toast, and your choice of meat. The meal itself was great and it came out in a timely manner. One thing that really stood out is when we were leaving, our server said "have a blessed day" I'm not religious or anything, but that's something I've never heard of and something I feel adds a very personal touch. For next time though, the suggestion I have is that you guys should probably have someone at the host stand seating people if there is a line of people waiting to be seated.
2	Food was ok but service was incredibly slow for a small lunch crowd.  Waitress had no idea what beers were on draft.  Maybe the dinner staff is better....
5	Lace was working on a design project at Caesars Palace until late while I was waiting around at Slot Of Fun for her. We wanted to have a quick dinner and I told her to pick me up at circus circus. Saw a sign for Rock & Rita's and decided to stop in quick. Thought it was going to be a Mexican restaurant but is actually a BBQ spot! I had the pulled pork sandwich and she had the brisket sandwich. Both were really good sandwiches and the staff was very attentive and friendly. The manager even checked on us twice and was very polite. They have good daily drink specials and also a live band at night. Would go back here for sure and their meal prices range from about $9 to $17.
1	Save your self some frustration and money, Do not eat here. We arrived about 6pm and got seated by hostess. So far, so good.  We received menus and placed drink orders from waitress.  Looked around the restaurant and noticed that out of about 20 tables, only 2 tables had there food, strange.  Only one waitress on duty.  Saw 3 tables walk out of restaurant. Table next to ours left food ordered on table and left because they were sick and tired of waiting for their order.  This place trys to come off as a bbq type of restaurant.  Only thing bbq is the sauce they pour on food. Nothing bbq.  We ordered ribs, brisket and flank steak.  Ribs were $22 for 5 ribs.  Ribs tasted boiled, fatty and no flavor. What a joke!  Brisket had no flavor except for bbq sauce and you get a small portion.  Flank steak was tough as shoe leather. This place is terrible!!  You may get a 2 for 1 coupon and still feel ripped off.  Upon leaving, noticed cook and waitress texting and talking on phone and standing around, while a bunch of tables waiting for food. Very unprofessional!  You have been warned. Unless you like to wait for terrible food ans service, go somewhere else.
1	I made my way here to get a novelty toilet bowl sipper full of margarita and maybe grab a bite.  I ended up leaving with nothing.  The customer service here is horrid.  I waited for several minutes without being noticed at all.  I ordered my novelty drink and commenced waiting.  After several minutes, I flagged down the server who promised that the drinks were forthcoming.  After several more minutes, I just decided to leave.  I never ordered food.
4	When a menu item has a note next to saying "speciality" and the place is touting its BBQ of course I'm going to order that. There are too many places that specialize in burgers and eggs to order that junk here. Well, I must give Rita's, despite the touristy atmosphere a decent nod on their brisket. It was sliced Texas style and was pretty tender with a choice of three sauces. I tried them all. Personally, I'm a good judge of brisket because I just ate at 36 diiferent BBQ places in the Southern USA while I was traveling for work. In the regards of those places, it doesn't come close, but this is Vegas and I can't recall finding much good brisket around town. It's $9.99 with a side dish (garlic red skinned potatoes needed more garlic) and a decent deal if your a brisket fan in the area. You can order at the bar too which makes it less lonely than grabbing a table inside.       OK, I will admit to using a lunch special coupon too, but it only saves you a $1 and on this visit I ordered the sloppy joe sandwich for $6.99. Honestly, I can't recall ever finding a sloppy joe on a menu in years and it was pretty tasty and a novelty to order. NOt sure how to make a sloppy joe stand out, but I will give the bun (toasted egg bun on both sandwiches) a huge plus.
1	My husband and I went to Rock 'N' Ritas bar and bbq in Las Vegas and were very disappointed with the service. It wasn't really busy, we only waited like 5 minutes to be seated. it looked like a fun place and the food seemed good. but we waited at our table for a waitress to take out drink order for 20 minutes. in that time 3 different waitresses walked past our table not even looking at us. when we realized nobody was paying attention to us we left. another couple got up behind us and did the same thing. we will not be returning to that restaurant
2	I had the 'ulcinator' burger....mediocre at best. I was very disappointed. Not only was it not spicy or hot as advertised, I cannot say there was much flavor in it. Plus the fries I got were below luke-warm. I don't think I would come back...for food anyways.
5	My boyfriend and I bought groupon for rock and rita before we came to vegas. We came here Friday afternoon. We order a beef brisket and ribs w/ bake beans and fries. We drank a giant margarita. It was all good. Server was fast and friendly. Manager scanned our group on and was very pleasant too.  If you are looking for fun,friendly place to get some food and drinks try this place.
5	Best! Definitely somewhere to revisit.
2	Rock & Rita's: Time Consuming and DisappointingThe short version: glad we had the Living Social or this would have been an Epic Fail!The long version: My husband and I bought a Living Social, $15 for $30, before we came to Vegas. We went in on the Friday before the Memorial Day weekend around 3pm. They were not busy and seemed to be adequately staffed.We were seated quickly, but it took forever for the waitress to take our order. Then it took forever for us to get our food. Then it took forever to get the check. This would have been an easy place to skip out on the check! From start to finish, we were there over an hour and a half!We shared a Caesar salad, portions were great, but way too much dressing. We were wiping dressing off the lettuce. My husband had the chicken quesadilla, we were not impressed. I ordered the Turkey Ham sandwich. Extremely disappointed! The description makes it sound like it will be a hot sandwich. All it is are cold cuts and a slice of Kraft cheese on Texas toast.The saving grace was desert! If you go, don't go for the regular food; go for the deserts and drinks, because the grilled Krispy Kreme donut w/ ice cream was fantastic! The manager was really nice; she made appropriate chit chat while handling the Living Social discount.Side notes:* The internet connection sucks there.* It took us almost an hour to get from New York, New York (our hotel) to Circus Circus (where Rock & Rita's is located) and 45 min to get back.* Even w/ a Living Social or Groupon, we wouldn't go back.
1	The atmosphere was great, fun although the toilet bowl picture was sicken and shouldn't be on the table. The food was great  although  you are limited on the choice. We ate here twice, (because the coupon are handed out at the door) but both time, the service was lousy, at breakfast I had to go to the kitchen to ask for coffee, then I was told to wait at my table and someone would come to me, I did, I waited and waited. When we went for dinner, same thing happen although not with coffee but the waiter after serving our meals he didn't come back until he came with the check. These people need training.
1	I was very disappointed with this restaurant. My husband ordered ribs and brisket combo, I ordered beef brisket, my sons ordered a bacon burger, and a cheese burger.  The kids liked their food okay.  But the ribs and the brisked were horrible as if they were reheated left overs with the texture of dog food.  The atmosphere seemed fun at first but then the vibe from the employees just burst my bubble.  The bus boy looked like he absolutely hated his job by the look on his face and his body language.  After the waiter took our order and after he brought our food he disappeared and was not to be seen again until he brought the bill - there was no "how was dinner?";  "do you need anything else?" etc....  nothing!  My husband is an owner of a small business and he always makes sure that customer service is important.  Needless to say, this restaurant was overpriced and less than mediocre.  I hope that the owner of this restaurant reads these reviews and makes some changes.
3	They usually have either a Groupon or Buy one get one free entree in their Las Vegas Coupon Books. The food was actually pretty good. The portions as far as meat could have been better, but I thought the taste was pretty satisfying. I had the brisket which is slow cooked ( could have maybe been slow cooked more ), but the taste was really good : ) Corn bread was nice and sponge-like. If you don't have a discount for this place then I probably would just leave it alone, but if you have a coupon or Groupon it's pretty worth it : ) Oh, and the service is pretty crappy : / took forever to get someone to assist us or give us a check and never got a refill on drinks. Food wise, I liked it, service wise, it sucked.
3	Went today early lunch with our groupon.  The service was poor,waited a long time (and when we got there was hardly anyone in the dining area) for service.  I can honestly say we had the spinach/artichoke dip with wonderful chips it was the best I have ever had and it was warm and that is where the warm ends. The food was served cold as Mr. ordered brisket sandwich-dressed up and I had junkyard dog, the bacon was strips and not diced as the menu said, so harder to eat, the onion crisps on the top of the hotdog were great.  There were some unique items on the menu.  The servers seemed to disappear.  The only thing our server did which was really nice is we needed refills on our diet pepsi and she brought out a pitcher of diet pepsi.. thank goodness she did that our we would have really been up a creek.  Nothing was taken off the table when we were finished eating and then I noticed no table had been cleaned as guests finished appetizers ..the plates just piled up.  BTW we did not present our groupon till we got our bill, so that was not the issue of the poor service.. man if those servers hustled more they would get better tips and maybe better reviews.
1	I decided to visit Rock & Rita's (on May 16th), after finding a Groupon online. We were told by the hostess that we had to wait for a table, yet 90% of the restaurant was empty. After so many people talked about their brisket (and they indicated on their menu, that it was "house specialty"), I had to try it. Not only was the brisket dry but it tasted microwaved and the only "flavor" i could taste was the BBQ sauce they slathered on top.As for the side of beans,  I'd rather buy my own can of Bush's baked beans thank you very much and not pay for someone to "prepare" them for me. My boyfriend is convinced that after having a few bites of the cole slaw, it didn't taste right and later on he got sick from it. The service was almost non-existent. I don't like dining in places where I feel like I have to physically hunt down the waiter only for them to look like they're being bothered. They have quite a few drink options, (which were tasty, but nothing extraordinary), but I would definitely suggest to stay away from the food.
4	Obsessed. it's... an experience to say the least.  While I didn't take "advantage" of the mini porcelains filled with chili and JD, my group did order a mixed drink bucket. Seriously, a 124 oz bucket filled with mixed drink of some sort, topped with 151. Talk about Vegas!Aside from the great party atmosphere and fun drinks, the food was delicious.  The brisket is AWESOME, especially paired with mac 'n cheese.  For this price in Vegas, I definitely got more than I expected.In case any good games are on, they have a huge projection TV in the back, too :)
4	This review is for the bar area only. I did not go into the restaurant area but my mom did and was not happy with it. Personally, I enjoyed the 2 for 1 margarita special on Saturdays. Get them on the rocks and not from that slushy machine (unless you want brain freeze). Those slushy ones are usually all sugar. On the rocks, salt on the brim...wowie! Great bargain!
5	yummy...yummy...yummy!!! best hot chicken wings and corn chowder. wow. so yummy (meaty and spicy...loves) .  I got the pulled pork sandwhich and My man got the tri tip sandwhich. His may have been a little better but they were both super yummy.  Really cool place with unique things to take home.  Would rather spend less than $5.25 a beer, but thats vegas for you.  Such good food, I didnt have to wait in a line, but I would to go back. I wish I tried the dessert.  I guess next time.
2	Had coupon for BOGO dinner entree free so that helped ease the disappointment. Service way too slow. Waiter would walk by and never refill drinks until we asked.Thin fries only good thing. Tri Tip and garlic mash dry. Shrimp and Slider Sampler okay. BBQ beans too much BBQ sauce.Atmosphere fun but cigarette smoke from adjacent upper bar ruined meal. There was one lady at the bar smoking away without a drink.  Good reminder why we don't eat at casino restaurants open to the casino floor.
2	We got a coupon to eat here when we checked in: $6.99 for breakfast and a second one for half, or free, or something to that effect. We went and had our breakfasts, which was served by a rather surely waitress and was average. If this had been our only experience, I would have given three stars, but another night we got in very late and were just looking for a late dinner and found ourselves at this place.It was not very crowded, but was as loud as if three times as many people were there. There was a small group of trashy (very obese people), scream/singing karaoke on a stage in the front of the restaurant. One of them was singing Eminem and the others were screaming and cheering. We sat down in the back, to try and avoid the chaos, but it was way too disruptive. Other people sitting there, who were in the middle of their dinners and therefore stuck there, were looking pained. We didn't bother putting ourselves through this and left. It's a crappy menu, that's overpriced anyway.I guess Rock and Rita's name really says it all, but basically if you're not a fall-down, cheap drunk, I don't think you'll have much to say about this place.
2	Tri tip plate was ehhh. Tri tip was cooked a little too long, potato salad was good, cole slaw was tragic. No flavor whatsoever .Tri tip plate was ehhh. Tri tip was cooked a little too long, potato salad was good, cole slaw was tragic. No flavor whatsoever .BBQ sauce was good.
4	I had a good time here and the food was good. Server was ok not so personable though.
1	My family and I took a trip to Las Vegas this past summer' we're in some casino searching for a good place too eat. Rock & Rita's music selection captivated us the moment we walked passed the joint. We immediately made a U-turn and went into be seated. The ambiance of Rock & Rita's sort of resembles an old 50's Diner; I love the 50's era, however the food, I did not love, nor the Customer Service. Once we were seated, a hispanic man came up and took our order. I however, did not know what I wanted, so I  took a little while to decided; I could feel the waiter's patience slip by the second, So I asked him if he could come back: he wasn't too happy about that. Anyway, as I was looking over the menu, I noticed that all the selections didn't seem appetizing, so I went with a Caesar Salad lol. When the waiter came back, I asked if I could get a Caesar Salad, instead of Caesar Dressing, Ranch Dressing. The waiter then told me that what I wanted isn't a Caesar Salad. I was kind of ticked off because I knew what a Caesar Salad was and I didn't ask for his opinion. Moreover, I just wanted the salad, plain, with a side of ranch dressing. The waiter then went on a tangent explaining how the Caesar dressing is mixed into the Caesar salad; to be honest I was over it already and just wanted to leave, but the waiter the waiter finally took my order down and took it back to the chef. It took about 30 minutes in order to get a bowel of lettuce, croutons, and parmesan cheese with a side of ranch dressing. The lettuce was fresh as hell, which was probably the best thing that came out of this Rock & Rita experience. Everything thing else ticked me off, whomever it was that waited on me, I hope he learns the proper etiquette in order to be a waiter. Also I hope Rock & Rita's get a new Menu by next summer because what they have isn't good...
1	Horrible! I ordered the buffalo chicken wrap. The chicken was old & dry, the tortilla was stale and the buffalo sauce was like gelatin. My husband got the meatloaf sandwich which was mediocre at best. We both had to run to the bathroom almost immediately after though!! I will never go back.
1	My salmon dinner here made me really regret not having ordered pizza to our room rather than taking Circus! Circus! up on the coupon they included in the check-in  booklet.  The salmon was completely flavorless and the steamed vegetables so soft and bland they'd compete against the best hospital food.  Waitstaff seemed disinterested at best and I noticed in the booth we sat that there was dust all over the decorations on the wall.Portions were small as well.  Definitely think twice before making this your evening dinner out.
3	Went here to use a groupon of $30 for $15. The ribs were juicy and moist. Very surprising for a casino joint. The sides were ok though, I had the beans and the mashed potatoes which looked like they were sitting in the side dishes and evaporated under a heating lamp. BBQ sauce was tasty, but nothing really special. This place is worth it for the groupon, not so much without the groupon.
3	It all started as a mistake. I clicked "buy" on a Groupon offer for Rock And Rita's. There was to be a $10 discount and I was curious. Little did I know that when I clicked it I would not be given a chance to confirm. And so I bought. Then came my research on Yelp. Rock And Rita's has a less than stellar star rating. But I am committed. I have a certificate that I paid for and so dinner was on its way. When I arrived to the restaurant, deep inside the big top of Circus Circus, I was not impressed having to stand at the podium waiting for a missing hostess. I had read reviews that led me to believe it could take a while. She actually came back rather quickly and I was seated.  My friend and I checked out the menu for a bit and joked about the toilet bowl options available before placing our order. He ordered the Ulcerator buger. I ordered a tri tip sandwich. His burger looked great and he was happy with it. My sandwich was good but not great. The meat did not taste freshly smoked. And I prefer more BBQ sauce. The fries, however, were awesome. Crunchy shoe string potatoes with tons of flavor.My friend ordered a couple of drinks. A pina colada to start with some Malibu rum in a test tube to mix in. But when our bill came, and with this initial drink plus our food, the value of my certificate was still not used up. So another drink was ordered. The waiter tried to bring it free of charge. That is cool and all but we were trying to get an actual bill rather than a free meal because neither of us had cash for a tip. We wanted to put it on a card. So the waiter brought us a seperate bill charging $0.01 for the second drink and then we left the tip. Kind of a round about way of doing it but hey, whatever works right?
2	Service wasn't great. Food was mediocre. Not impressed so I probably wouldn't return.
3	Rockin Rita's tries to be a down home type of place but some of it's novelties make my stomach churn with uneasiness. When I was sifting through the menu I saw pictures of little mini toilet bowls filled with Chili and blue alcoholic beverages. I'm sure they thought this was clever but it just conjures up images I don't want to think about before I eat.My cousin and I ordered the ribs which was about $22.00. When it came out mine was okay but it wasn't "fall off the bone terrific". My cousin's was tougher my husband even had a hard time cutting into it. The waiter came by and asked how the food was. My cousin says, "Do you really want to know"? The waiter cautiously says, "Yes". "I'm not a complainer but these are the worst ribs I have ever had in my life." Just for the record my cousin is a complainer LOL but she had a point. The customer service here is really good that is why I gave them three stars instead of two. They were nice and offered her another menu item to replace the ribs and they removed her ribs off the bill. She ordered a medium rare burger which came out really rare. It just looked like they seared both sides of the burger. Most of it was red so my cousin didn't really eat it but was tired of complaining. I didn't  finish my ribs either they made me queasy.  I had a bite of my husband's jalapeno burger and I wished I ordered that instead. My brother loved the junkyard dog. He said I wouldn't like it though because it was salty. My brother and husband ordered a krispy creme sundae.  I had a bite it was a little too sweet for me.Overall the food is a hit or miss but the customer service here was really top notch!
2	EEW.  If I didn't have a 6.99 coupon I probably wouldn't have ate  here anyway but...we were towards the end of our Vegas weekend and pretty tapped out. I got the sandwich sampler and it was good for what it was. I can't remember seeing a fried bologna sandwich on a menu anywhere else before. The fries are good too.The service...pretty bad. Our waitress seemed annoyed by us the whole time and flustered whenever I asked a question. I don't think she likes her job.The Margaritas: Uh, how can you have "rita" in your name and then make THE WORSE MARGARITA I'VE EVER HAD. And that's saying a lot because I've tried them all. Basically, for $6, soda would have been more worth it.  It was crushed ice in a plastic cup with a salted rim, filled with water and a splash of tequila. I think they put a tiny bit of sweet and sour to make it yellow. It was tequila flavored water. Not a margarita.I don't really get the whole "down home backyard" theme.  Who would want to eat or drink anything out of a replica toilet. I swear 12 year old boys came up with this.
3	Karaoke placeI didn't order anything fancy, I had the classic All-American Burger... it was good and I loved the fries! Service was okay (a little slow) at almost 10:00p. But our waitress was nice and friendly!  It was a karaoke place and some of the karaoke participants were good... the MC wasn't too good, though,... somewhat corny. I'm sorry :(This restaurant is located in the Circus Circus Casino, confusing parking area. Has 3 sections.  Also, this was a Groupon deal... it was okay for what I paid for.
3	I tried this place because of the huge sandwiches I heard about. I also had a coupon so that helped my decision.Well, I order the mac and cheese not knowing it had ham in it. It was soooo good, but I picked out the ham. i also had a beef brisket sandwich, it was huge, good and filling!I also ordered the fries...delicious! I placed my order directly with the manager and maybe she made sure it was perfect, cause i had no complaints! Who knew????
2	I would say that if you don't have to eat here, then don't do it. The bar tries really hard to be cute, but its terribly expensive and the food is not worth the $20/head that we spent. Plus they don't really have a good bar selection either. I mean I guess you're at Circus Circus.I only gave them two stars, because it seems like the wait staff was nice, but even they were kind of slow. The food took forever to come out and there was barely anyone there that weekday night. Boo!
1	Don't do it PLEASE!!!! My Mom and Me ate here and I'm only giving it one star because my mom said her meatloaf was good. I had the fried Bologna sandwich can't mess that up WRONG. The guy taking our order has customer service issues. Please tell me why folk who have working with the public jobs have the worst attitudes
2	This place was just ok from the start.I am pretty sure the overwelming smoked flavor of the brisket was from liquid smoke, otherwise it was half way decent. As a side note I had to get up in the middle of the night and scrub my hands and face because of the overwelming bbq smell.The sides were pretty good, both the slaw and the fries ranked pretty high.My meal was served with out any napkins and my hands were covered in BBQ sauce before I realized just what was happening.My waitress was fine,but not fun or with any personal touch, and my overall impression was that the entire staff was dialing it in.If I was paying for that meal I wouldnt have been happy, but with a comp it was a decent option to another buffet.I bet this place could be, or was at one time alot of fun. If you dont buy into the hype and or expect authentic BBQ, just have a big drink you will do fine here.
1	It really is Denny's quality food for a red lobster price. The fires are dry and hallow. If you buy a groupon that's the best deal! Cheeseburgers are dry and taste less. Macho Nachos - the top layer was the only layer with cheese (fake) no guacamole or sour cream.
1	I would describe this restaurant's atmosphere as "Fun filled, white trashy vibe with an absolute love of scatalogical humor" My buddy and I went there to catch a quick breakfast before leaving town;  the service was quick enough and my breakfast burrito was ok... I just had trouble eating considering that Rock & Rita's feature cocktail is a thick brownish liquid with floating brown chunks that is served in a mini porcelain toilet.  Of course I would never order this, but advertisements for said cocktail were all over the restaurant, including being prominently featured on the paper place mats. Overall this place is perfect for the trashy, poop-joke loving clientele Circus Circus strives for.
1	This place blows!!! The service was decent the food was terrible! We got fried pickles as an appetizer and had to roll each one in three paper towels to get HALF the grease off!  The chicken was really dry and even covered in extra barbecue sauce I had to take a drink after every small bite so I wouldn't choke.  The cornbread was dry, the potato salad tasted like it came out of the carton at the market. :(. DON'T Waste your money people!!!
3	Busy place with a long wait...Food was mediocre....BUT their margaritas were super good. I'd come back just for those!!!
3	We had a $50 comp so we decided to try it Rock & Ritas..We started with Margaritas and the brisket quesadilla. I had the small lime on the rocks and my husband tried the frozen strawberry. The drinks had good flavor but seemed weak.For our meals I had the tri-tip with garlic mashed potatoes and onion straws. The meat was cooked perfectly but I wished they made their own sauce rather than bottled Sweet Baby Rays that I can buy at the store. The potatoes were a little dry and the onion straws average.My husband had the ribs with beans and cole slaw. He said the ribs were really tender and tasty. The beans has a little spice but the best side was the cole slaw. It was a wet slaw with lots of flavor and tomatoes as a twist.Our server Amar was very attentive and friendly including making suggestions.
1	This review is based on service only! Went for lunch, was sat right away but our table was on the far end of the restaurant. I mentioned to my wife that they'll forget about us. We waited 20 minutes and no one came by , we did see a few employees clearing tables and running food. 5 starving customers and no service = walking out and a 1 star rating. I'll stick to 4 and 5 star resorts on the strip.
3	Decent BBQ joint. I had ribs both nights. The best part, and toughest desicion, was which of the AWESOME glasses to drink out of. I had the Bong-o, and the toilet. My only complaint was the inability to put a custom drink in my toilet cup. Overall, this was the most consistently good place in Circus Circus of the places we ate over a 1-week trip.
4	Thank you for responding back to my past yelp.
1	Will never go back.  Food was ok.  I could add regular BBQ sauce to what I cook and get the same results.  The atmosphere was terrible.  There was a fight on.  The volume on the 12 tv's they had on was way too loud for a restaurant (after all, it was NOT a sports bar.)  Just before our meal was served, they turned the lights down (or might have been off).  Could not see what you were eating.  The table next to us had just been seated.  (I don't know how they read the menu.). We were told they could not turn the lights up.  Too dark.....too noisy.
2	One word.  Sloooooow!
3	My burger (Western) was overcooked but my husband's garbage burger was to die for.Good drinks and the place is reasonably priced.Just a general note to an hostess at any restaurant.  If someone says their child is autistic and would like to be seated away from noise... Just make that happen.
4	We went to there because we had a $50 comp for playing slot games on My Vegas on FB.   Our waiter was a little slow, but it was so worth it food wise.  We ordered the 2 meat plates. My husband had the ribs & brisket, and I had the brisket & chicken.  The portions were large enough to feed 4-6 people on both plates.  The food was very tasty.  So worth every penny we spent...
2	I'm torn on this place. Fries? Good! Inferno wings? Awesome! Pulled pork? Mushy and the flavor wasn't very good. It had the consistency of dog food. Ulcerator may have been better had the hamburger not been raw. Service was ok. Nobody in our group was very impressed eith the experience.
2	Just blah. We went down here one night late for something to eat, weren't overly hungry. My boyfriend jut ordered dessert, the krispy kreme ice cream sandwich, who could not love this? That got two thumbs up. I ordered the corn soup which was actually not half bad, spicy and creamy, but the deep fried pickles....oh dear. They were gross and greasy. Limp and slimy, I peeled off all the "breading" patted down the pickles with a napkin and ate them like that. Overall, for $32 with tax and tip it was totally not worth it. Could be just the late night hour, but the other reviews for this place don't seem like anyone else has overly enjoyed it. I'd say save your money and find some yummy place on the strip to eat.
5	Yum! The Ulcerator burger was delicious! Great prices!
3	It was okay. The drinks were served in a toilet bowl which is pretty weird. It didn't really convince me to get one. As for the food. I got the mushroom and swiss, my friend got the classic burger, and my other friend got the Pastrami sandwich. The fries there are really small, but they are really crisp and tasty. My burger was cooked correctly, but it only tasted mediocre. It was just too much cheese for me. My friends felt the same way about their food. Service wasn't bad, but it's not enough to make me come back. Circus Circus is so far down the strip, and it's not worth the trip up there.
2	I think for all of the food offered on the strip, why settle for this place? Well a groupon that covers alcohol makes it worth it. That's about it, if you don't have that or something similar its not worth it IMO. When we first walked in, I immediately noticed the trash and old food still on the floor...ewww. Waitress was friendly but orders were wrong and incomplete all around our table. Add that to already mediocre, just skip this place and spend more money for better food or save some and go down the strip to Denny's.
1	The hostess and the server were both very nice and gave great service.  The food however was not good.  I ordered the beef brisket.  It was the worse brisket I have ever had.  Very tough and not flavorful.  The fries and beans were fabulous but with the beef being such low quality, I won't go back.  To spend $28 dollars for good beans and fries isn't worth it.
1	Food took an hour. Did receive a discount but lost appetite. Food was cold.
2	Eh, good place to use comp dollars, but don't go out of your way to eat there. It's seems like what someone who never tasted real BBQ would make it they were trying to make BBQ. Decor felt forced, glad I had a Groupon. Wish we had kids with us, as there was a very talented balloon artist, the balloons were probably better than the food.
1	Bad service, at least 7 dirty tables all around us, food was sooooo blah! This is our 3rd time there hoping maybe they would redeem themselves. Wouldn't return if it was free! Wanted a fried Twinkie for desert and they were out!!! What? The crispy cream fried sandwich sounded great, but another let down.  Had the veggie grilled sandy, the bread has to change, and please add some flavor! Mayo or something.
4	We had a $50 food comp from MyVegas and decided to try the breakfast at Rock 'n Ritas. The restaurant wasn't busy when we arrived and we were seated immediately. Our children ordered pancakes and we tried the steak and eggs and French toast. All of our food was delicious and our waitress was friendly and efficient. Prices were very reasonable and we would have been happy to eat here even without the comp. Based on some of the other reviews for this place, perhaps dinner isn't the way to go, but we would definitely recommend stopping by for breakfast.
3	For it being in Circus Circus I give it credit . It was really good food. Pricey as hell! It's $13 bucks for a salad! If you like that whole sports bar scene then go. But expect your wallet to be empty! The service was ok. Our server was pretty slow it took 30 mins for us to get our drinks. Buuut food was amazing.
2	Decided on this place because BBQ sounded really good! Came in with food credits, walked out with almost all of it out - they're pricey! Service was bad. Don't get my wrong - the servers were nice and would come around every once in a blue moon but you would ask them for something, they'd say "yes", and then not show up with it until 20 minutes later. (They'll be wandering around in the meantime.)  Food takes normal amount of time to get there, no big deal. My mother ordered a root beer float and decided she liked it. However, they only gave one water for a table of four?? Were we supposed to share it? Not sure about the logic of that one. We ordered a classic burger with fries, a chorizo jalapeno chowder, a BBQ chicken sandwich with salad instead of fries, and a two meats plate with veggies and mashed potatoes. Burger was okay - normal, I would guess. Dad didn't like his soup - he said it was too spicy. But it looked pretty good. Fries were delicious. They're cut tiny, but they're incredibly crispy crunchy and yummy. I finished his whole side of fries with the pickles. Yum. For the two meat combo ($29.99??) we got ribs and tri-tip. Tri-tip almost turned to dust in our mouths. It was soo dry. They tried smothering sauce over it, but it didn't really help. The ribs didn't have much flavor, so we had to ask for more BBQ sauce. My mom liked it better after that, but I didn't get to try it. Was already too wary. Mashed red potatoes didn't have flavor, and was overmashed, so we had to add a ton of seasonings to it. Veggies had a distinct grilled flavor. The restaurant was mostly empty, not too packed.
4	Overall, I thought this place was pretty decent. I was in Vegas with my husband and 2 small children (yes Vegas can be family friendly!). We enjoyed some fun with the kids at the circus shows and games and then ate lunch at Rock $ Rita's. We hadn't eaten any BBQ while on our trip, so we gave this a shot. I wouldn't say this is a great place for real BBQ, but the food was decent enough. I ordered the 1/2 chicken with garlic mash potatoes and onion straws. I asked for extra BBQ sauce for my chicken and onion straws. Once I poured some on each, they tasted just fine! My hubby ordered the slider combo plate that came with 4 different sliders and fries. My daughter (3 years old), strangely, ordered the fish sticks and fries and she enjoyed them. The draw that really got us in was BOGO FREE margaritas. They were actually pretty strong. In closing - this place was pretty good! I can't speak for the other restaurants inside Circus Circus.
1	The portions were quite big. But the quality was in the cheap side. All food was super greasy and a real big calorie bomb.We had to wait 7 minutes for our silverware after the food had been served. Overall our waitress was very inattentive and unfriendly.By the way: watch out for the garbage burger! It says you get a free beer if you finish the burger. Actually the burger gets served with a ultra hot sauce and a huge fat clump (yes, pure fat) on the side. You have to eat both of them in also - otherwise you don't get the free beer.And of course they tell you afterwards - nobody likes to drink 4 oz of super spicy Tabasco sauce.
1	This was one of the most disappointing meals / experiences from my entire trip. Stopping here for Football Sunday breakfast, Rock & Rita's had more than a few tables open before kickoff Sunday morning. As it got closer to 10am the breakfast rush filled the location, but  there was a lack of service from the start. My friends and I waited nearly 10 minutes before anyone came to the hostess stand to finally seat us. It then took even longer for our server to make her way to our table to get our order, and by then we knew what we had wanted 4 times over...Then menu itself appeared to be mainly bar food and a breakfast menu celebrating the chorizo sausage. With that in-mind ordering anything should be great, but it was not. Instead of authentic chorizo you are given a hotdog cut into halves from some over processed store bought chorizo that was so mild and flavorless it really did nothing but add a rubbery texture to the southwestern omelet I ordered. The best item on the dish was the hashbrowns.... really? The hashbrowns? Yep, and those needed a coating in hot sauce to even be edible, much like the entire meal. Once the games started the service got moving into full swing and things had gotten a lot better from once we were sat. We saw plenty of refilled carafes, water refills, and a few table check-in which seemed a little over the top compared to most places I've dined. Though the locations was clean, I felt that the table was overly crowded with useless jams and sauces that turned the experience into more of a diner than a restaurant.After the meal we retired ourselves to the bar area which were serving rail margarita's 2 for $6.00, and $3.00 domestic draughts. I inquired about the selection of microbrews they carried and received a comment similar to "we don't offer those fancy types of beers, just Bud and Bud light... and Busch." This was disappointing since craft brews are just as popular Today than they have been in decades, and it was only until I noticed a multitude of bottlenecks in his icewell did I find out they in fact had craft beer. Upon my inquiry he dug into the well and brought back a stout.... not really what I wanted and said it was $8.00 - I'll pass... The inexpensive margaritas were served on the rocks and were so sweet it was more of a challenge to finish the drink than to enjoy it. 1 star - I really hope that Vince Neil (owner / partner) takes some time to check out this establishment because it is nearly one of the worst places I've been in a city known for its service industry.
1	Worst service I've ever experienced. We get here for lunch time and we sat at a table for over 10 minutes. We stare at the bar tender hoping he gets the message...he doesn't. My friend goes up to him and asks him for menus. We order food and drinks and still again we had to walk up to the bar to order. My friend became our server.
4	We had a decent meal at this venue. Large portions but decent food. We had a 2 for 1 through the travel company we used which was a bit of a result. Also, the staff were friendly and quick which we liked...All in all, decent food, decent price...cant go wrong!!
5	This review is for the bar only.My trip to Vegas was two years ago (OCT 2011) and I still remember my experience here. Our group of friends had big plans of going downtown to Fulton Street for our last day in Vegas but we didn't make it past Rock and Ritas and I wouldn't have it any other way. Our bartenders' name was David and he was probably our favorite bartender we had the whole trip, super fun and personable. Anytime the "Shots" song came on the bartenders get on the bar and start pouring a mix of liquor and juice straight into the mouths of bar guests.Cool experience for being in the Circus Circus hotel.
2	I really did like this place it smelled like smoke and the food and service was not that great. I purchased a Groupon and I am thankful I did. I would not go back there.
4	We loved it. We used a Groupon. But the food was worth full price in my opinion. I would pay full price for the food. Fast service, friendly service. The portabella burger is amazing and the fries were hot. It's not 5 star but if you're at circus circus you're not looking for 5 start. Would definitely eat there again.
2	Mediocre food. Waitress didn't know anything about the drinks. Most of the positive reviews on here look fake to me. There's no way anybody could be that positive about ordinary food like this. It's inside Circus Circus; that's a clue.
