4	So happy to find a place in daHood!  Mind you they were crazy busy bc of the gallerycrawl, but the pizza was right on.Appetizer  -   Fried Ravioli  a la St Louis and they were as expected when you fry anything - great.  Had two pizzas, we the veggie route bc of friends, both were great, but one was fantastic.Great - Spinach, Onions, Roasted Garlic, & Mozzarella  -  Good, could've had more of everything, seemed to skimp a bit, but still a nice pieFantastic - White Pizza with olives, sauteed mushrooms, and a spicy olive oil drizzle at the end.Management seemed very active in watching both front and back of house, the wait staff was fairly good, but some of the bussers seemed to disappear when I spilled a beer and we had to clean up ourselves.  Literally 3 of them saw it and not one approached to help.Prices were okay a bit much to tack on a $1 plus to drizzle olive oil on a pizza.
5	I have only come here for pick up orders so I cannot comment on the overall dining experience,  but I will say that they have the best pizza I have had in town. I would say the crust is what sets Revolution's pizza apart from all other pizza places in town. It's awesomeness is hard to describe in words so I will not attempt to, but I will say that I am usually a person who cares only about the toppings on my pizza rather than the crust, so I feel that this is really saying something.Another nice touch is the gelato bar that they have next to the actual bar, where you can order 8-10 different flavors of gelato.  This was definitely a big hit for my four year old nephew.  Unfortunately, after sampling the gelato and getting a small cup order, he wanted nothing to do with his pizza, so parents be warned.I look forward to eating at this restaurant again and enjoying the full dining experience at this restaurant.The pizza is a little on the expensive side, but as you can gather from my comments, it is definitely worth it.
5	This is my new favorite pizza place!!!! The pizza was wonderful, and they include toppings from Grateful Growers in Denver, NC (yea for local farmers!!) as well as a fantastic tomato sauce. The pizza is prepared on a thin crust, so it came out crispy . We took a couple of pieces home and they warmed up nice & crispy in the toaster oven the next day. I ordered the house salad, wonderful, and the balsamic dressing was flavorful! There service was great, our waitress made terrific suggestions for our pizza toppings based on what my husband said were his favorite foods. They also have a gelato bar -- yummy!!! And a very extensive beer list. Bottom line, go NOW!!!
4	While I was in the area I tried this place out last night . With a name like Revolution Pizza I was expecting funky decor of various political figures through the ages and a pie on the menu named after Che Guerva.I was completely wrong. It's very nice inside, completely changed atmosphere than mellow mushroom. It's classic & refined, with various italian advertising posters framed on the wall. The menu I found a little confusing because pizza's are priced by the size and then per ingredient from basic & premium levels of vegetables, meats, and cheeses. So if you're indecisive there is no pre-printed suggested combinations and if you're on a budget you'll have to do some math to make sure you don't go crazy with the premium toppings. It's the first pizza place I've seen that will add flavored oils which can have a nice touch. Also they have locally sourced vegetables from Grateful Growers on the menu and when the manager came out to check on us she mentioned the dough is made fresh everyday from local milled flour.If you can't figure out what toppings you want they do have a pizza du jour. Last night it was Shepard's Pie. Yes, shepard's pie pizza. You might not have thought to make it but for a really cold night it was wonderful. It  starts with their soft & crispy crust, a layer of hamburger, carrots, celery then finished with a layer of mashed potatoes applied in ridges like frosting. It was really, really good and quite filling that 2 of us only ate 2/3 of a medium.Unfortunately we were too full and it was too cold outside to consider the gelato but I will come here again to try them.
5	This review is only for the gelato.  Yes, I also had some beer from the pitchers, and I did see the credit card charges (really, for that?!), but I let everyone else at the table make those decisions (including picking the $$ beer), so I can't be held accountable for remembering what they decided on.Gelato! Gelato!  We'd started drinking down the street at Dolce Vita, and I'd gotten that salty, bloated beer taste in my mouth.  And I was in the mood for something sweet, but not sugary cocktails.  So I was overjoyed to see the glowing gelato cases as we walked in the front door!  I opted for the cappuccino and hazelnut.  Flavor was amazing and texture was almost as good as what I'd had in Italy.  I was entertained by the girl who was disappointed that they didn't have Nutella and didn't seem to appreciate my suggestion of getting chocolate and hazelnut.  Seriously, your tongue will notice the difference in texture more than the difference between that and actual Nutella gelato.
4	What up BEN!!!Hey Revolution Rocks!  I have my own bartender now and couldn't be happier; the owners are great as well.They always seem to have great specials on.  It was a slow start for them in NODA, but they seem to be pretty packed each time I dine/drink there now.  I think they may be closed on Monday's, check into that.Great brand new TV's so I love catchin' a big game there as well.Its possible you may have to drive around for parking, but I've always had good luck with that!Try the caramelized onions and BBQ chicken-sweet!Italian sausage and cheese is great too; I haven't had a bad pizza yet; and I'm not easy to please being from Chicago!
4	I went to this establishment on the recommendation of a friend.  The restaurant was very clean and the waitstaff was very attentive to our needs.  They seem to have a very good beer selection, even though I only drank two of the new Micro-brew in Charlotte.  Additionally, I would like to give the new micro-brew in Charlotte 6 stars out of 5, but the name escapes me.  Anyways, my date and I each had an entree and two beers each.  I was very pleasantly surprised to have spent under $30, after tip.  I would recommend this place to anyone looking to try something new that wants a good value.
4	First things first, I was very much on the fence between 4 and 5 stars.The pizza was simply AMAZING.  The crackling crispy crust was the best I've had in Charlotte.  All the ingredients (Basil, Tomato, Mozzarella) were great.Beer selection was great. Gelato was delicousOne suggestion for improvement: Off the shelf pizzas (picking out the toppings myself is stressful; give me some options - even if they're only a starting point.)Also, piece-mealing the topics seemed to result in a pricier pizza than I'd expected.
3	I thought the pizza was quite good, and the ingredients were very fresh.  However, for a medium pizza with 3 veggie toppings, 2 meat toppings, and cheese, the total was $19.50!  I've never paid that much for such a small pizza.  A medium pizza only has six smaller slices, which is just enough for 2 people.Overall, the service was great, and I enjoyed meeting and speaking with the manager.  We also had gelato, which was terrific.  All in all, I think the prices are too high, but it's worth checking out to come to your own conclusion.
4	Revolution has some excellent food, 40ish different beers on tap, and friendly bar & waitstaff. I also love their specials - Thursday is Pint Night, with almost all pints available for $3, and Tuesday is "date night" - an appetizer to share OR two side salads, a medium two-topping pizza, and a gelato to share, all for $20! Can't be beat. Otherwise, though, things are a little pricey. My biggest complaint: They don't have any house pizzas - so everything is build-your-own (and every item is charged). This means that the cost of a single pizza can skyrocket if you're not careful.
4	Yay for Revolution!  This place is awesome and much better than its predecessor, Moondog's.  The beer selection is amazing and the pizza is really some of the best I have ever had.  We had a pie with crispy prosciutto, tomatoes, sauteed mushrooms, and the best whole roasted garlic cloves.  I love garlic and these babies were toasted just right to let out all the garlicky sweetness that simply melted in my mouth.  Be warned, however, this pizza is not cheap.  You will not find "two for $12.99" deals at Revolution.  What you will find, however, are toppings like Grateful Growers sausage, truffle finishing oil, pulled pork, and grilled ratatouille that make the price worth it.  They also have toasted ravioli on the menu!!!!  Back home, its on almost every menu (kinda like coleslaw and chili for NC) but it's been hard to find in Charlotte.  We sat outside on a beautiful night, enjoyed the bocce ball court, and got great service from both our waitress and patio bartender.  This is one of my new favorite places in Charlotte.....pizza and beer perfection!
5	holy grateful growers sausage, batman!  this place serves craft beer by the pitcher.  my better half and i split a pitcher of Flying Dog Garde Dog (which is a great deal - you end up getting 4 beers for like $10) and we were buzzed to the point that our annoying children weren't quite so annoying any more.  the pizza is soooo very fresh - not greasy - delicioso.  makes me hungry thinking about it right now - alright, i'm leaving this minute to go back and get more beer and pizza.  Thank you Revolution - I heart you.
3	Revolution Pizza has the makings of a five-star review on its hands, but it's not quite there yet.The best part about this place is the toppings. There are traditional toppings like bell peppers and pepperonis, but there are also opportunities to get more creative and adventurous, like oven-dried tomatoes and pancetta. Some of their pork is provided by Grateful Growers, too! An expansive beer list and tasty, rotating gelato flavors complete the experience.But they get a star off because the crust just isn't there. It's flavorless and crispy, almost like a water cracker. Which some say doesn't matter when the toppings are amazing, but those toppings could be elevated with better crust--at least crust with flavor!They also lose a star for spotty service. On one of our visits, we got up and left after waiting for 20 minutes to be greeted. Unacceptable. If the pizza weren't so good, we'd never have been back.
3	This is a two-parter.The first part sees us stop for a bite on the way to a gallery crawl.We ordered some mussels as a prelude to some pie.  The mussels were horribly fishy-tasting with little to indicate that they hadn't just come out of the ocean.  Some might say that was fresh, which could be true.  We thought it was nasty.  And a bit rubbery.The pie we chose was one of the grilled pizzas, because that's a bit off the beaten track.  It had an interesting choice of balsamic vinegar, and quite frankly, I don't recall what else, because there was so much of it on there.  A drizzling would have been nice, but let's cut back, so we can taste something else, okay?The second part is on our way back from the crawl, when we decided that we wanted dessert.By then, the place was packed.  That presumably is a good sign, so we bellied up to the dessert bar and ordered some gelato and a cakey-type thing.  The gelato was good, but a bit much.  A small would have been better (this was our fault).  The cake was good, but the flavors didn't really go.  It was some sort of raspberry cheesecake thing and individually they were fine, they just didn't blend well.We had high hopes for the place, we were just disappointed.  It's possible that the traditional pizza is good, but what we had just wasn't that great.  And the service definitely left something to be desired.
5	I still love Revolution but I had to update to include my new favorite dish, the mushroom fettuccine.  It's made with various 'shrooms, oven-roasted cherry tomatoes, feta cheese, truffle oil, fresh pasta, and nice spicy arugula on top.  So, so, so yummy!  Love this place, including the atmosphere, food, and kick ass beer selection!  I would hate to see it fall victim to the same fate as the Mellow Mushroom or Moondog's, so please everyone go visit!
4	Gelato- 5*, Pizza 4*.   I was very skeptical to see another Pizza shop in this prime NODA spot, so much that I didn't try it for a while.  Then a foodie friend said he loved it, so we gave it a try.   Such good pizza, gourmet style, great ingredients and fun combinations.  I also am a huge fan of the spinach salad with roasted eggplant, also something I only tried out of suggestion.   Solid place!  Miss it, but not as much as the friends we used to go with of course. :)
4	It is WAAAY too easy to spend 15 bucks on a pizza-for-one. Because they have unique, enticing toppings, and I have no self control where pizza is concerned. Chili oil may seem like something that would get lost on top of 5 other toppings, but it was amazing. So many good beers (that you can taste, each and every, before picking one), spacious, comfy space, and trivia night make it totally possible for me to ignore the gentrification-chic this place pushes so hard. I really want to check the lunch buffet out, because it's sure to be a steal. Soon!Last time I was here, I got a little cranky that despite the emptiness, they wouldn't seat us until our entire party had arrived, so know that when meeting multiple peeps. Also, I see cannolis in that desert case... we can only hope!
3	Pizza wasn't anything special.  Big draft beer selection.
4	We love revolution pizza. Why? Because of the beer menu. This is probably the best location in Charlotte to find pitchers of good beer. The pizza is not special and the calamari was really disappointing.Go for the beer.
4	The pizza is to die for! I love the way the menu is set up, it really lets you feel creative. They also have really good apps. Plus an awesome beer selection. The speed of service from both front and back of house leaves a little to be desired, but its worth it.
4	Fantastic tap beer selection. Anywhere that carries Foothills is a winner in my book. Bottle beer selection is pretty outstanding too. Just had their Xmas in July flight...6 oz. pours of 4 different Xmas beers. Yum! The lamb burger is great...pizzas are good when you build your own. This place is all about the beer and outdoor seating/cornhole. Great location in eclectic little NODA.
3	I'm vacillating between 2 and 3 stars for Revolution Pizza and Ale House.  Despite the mediocre food, I decided that the ambience pushed this rating to 3 stars.I visited this place for the second time three weeks ago on a Friday night during the gallery crawl.  The place was busy, but not too crowded for this agoraphobic Yelper.  Our server was super friendly, but the wait time for pizza was ridiculous.  Their brick oven pizzas are thin crust and rather small for the price.  A $10 pizza should be loaded with toppings and taste somewhat like a gourmet work. The crust was crispy, but the goodness ended there.I will give them two thumbs up for the beverage selection.  They have an eclectic selection (yep, I used the word eclectic).  The location is perfect as I love NoDa and the atmosphere is like being in your granny's remodeled house.  They even have gelato, strangely enough.Given the location and ambience however, I am dismayed that something better did replace this former Mellow Mushroom.  I'll likely go back with friends for appetizers and maybe gelato (though never on the same trip), but I wouldn't make it a pizza destination.  Maybe Revolution would be better off dropping the pizza part from their name?  "Revolution Ale House" would vastly change my expectations.
4	I love Revolution, for the pizza, beer and gelato.  Anytime we've sort of strayed from that its been less than stellar results.  But honestly when I want my non NY pizza fix I always want to go here.  My sister and I always get the same thing when we go but I've tried lots of combinations.  Small red pie, button mushrooms, carmelized onion, arugala and sometimes a meat.  Sooo good but no parsley, blech!!I just love how the crust is crisp yet a bit doughy, the ingredients are really fresh and no they are not loaded on the pizza, but seriously it would get so heavy and they'd all be falling off anyway if that was the case.Actually my only beef with this place is I always seem to want it on a Monday and that's the one day its closed!!  Oh and they stopped delivering, that was great when they did that.
3	We ordered a red pie with mushroom, jalapenos and pepperoni and a garlic sauce. It wasn't bad or outstanding. For some reason the second slice was tastier than the first which didn't make any sense. We thought perhaps the pizza soaked up the garlicness giving more flavor? They should just serve some sort of dipping sauce with their pizza because although the crust had a nice crisp, it was about as plain as the body of Christ you can get from church any Sunday.  i do like going to Revolution because they do have a pretty good beer selection. Unfortunately, on our last visit they seemed to be in the middle of changing their beer choices so it was hit or miss ordering off the beer menu. i believe on Friday they have $3 NC draught beers.  It'll be interesting to see how they hold up when a beer specific place (Growlers) opens up down the way. Also of note, they have a pretty nice outdoor seating area. My only wish would be that the outdoor seating be a little higher so i could easily look over the wall to watch the people on the street without having to use perfect posture sitting straight up. We did order gelato on a previous visit and when the wife doesn't seem interested in getting it again, it must not have been too outstanding. The appetizer menu sounded unappetizing to me: mussels, calamari, collards and pork.  i suppose i might like the toasted ravioli and the flat bread, but they didn't sound worth 7 bucks. The service has always been good to us. i imagine we'll be back because there's something i just like about this place (the name, outdoor seating and beer) and at the moment, it is the best place in NoDa for some good brew.
3	I have mixed feelings about Revolution and have waited a couple of weeks to write my review because of this. A friend of mine had heard some really great things about Revolution and after reading through some Yelp reviews, I thought I would give it a shot. First of all, I love the look of the restaurant. The vibe is really fantastic and inviting. Were were seated in a closed in porch so it was sort of like sitting outside but with the comforts of air conditioning. Here is where it starts to get aggravating, our waitress told us nothing about the menu and offered no suggestions. She was very nice and had a smile on her face but she didn't even tell us about the specials which we found ourselves on a random blackboard after we had already ordered. The drink selection is great so if nothing else, stop by for drinks. Mixed drink and beer pitchers are offered so that is definitely a nice touch. The problem is that they were running out of a lot of beers and it was only 7 o'clock! I was a little puzzled by this considering how early it was in the evening. We decided to forgo an appetizer and split a salad instead. We ordered the wedge and were really happy with it. The blue cheese was very fresh and we were given a huge helping of it. The lettuce was crisp and the buttermilk dressing was really great. When it came to ordering a pizza, I was pretty much lost. There are no pre-concieved concoctions to choose from on the menu so you just have to pick a basic cheese pizza and add everything yourself. The toppings are so incredibly overpriced! The basic cheese pizza is certainly not cheap to begin with so you end up spending 20 bucks on a medium pizza with three or four toppings! It is certainly one of the most expensive pizzas in Charlotte. Once we decided on our toppings and the pizza was delivered, I was a bit underwhelmed. It tastes about the same as your neighborhood pizza joint just with "fancier" toppings. Our bill came and I was shocked to see that my friend and I spent almost 50 bucks and split everything! I would consider going back to Revolution for the atmosphere but I would certainly forgo the pizza in favor of apps and drinks.
5	I love Revolution. Not only is it surrounded by other very cool spots in NoDa, the pizza is tasty and the beer selection is excellent. We usually get a pepperoni/mushroom pizza with the garlic oil topping. YUM.  I love their patio, and last time we went there were a few folks who had their dogs out there chillin' beside them as they ate. It's very laid back. Kudos to Revolution for putting ranch dressing on their menu too! The first time I went they didn't have it, so I never asked again. When I went the other day with a friend, she asked, and they had it!!! - and very good ranch at that! If ranch is a must-have for crust-dipping for you, then this is an added bonus for sure. I'd recommend Revolution for anyone looking to grab a pie and a cold beer!
1	They really should take the "Pizza" out of their name.  I just had a "red pie": pizza with sausage, onion, green pepper and mushroom; my favorite combo, and it was the most sorry excuse for a pizza I have ever had.  Beer seems to flow aplenty but forget calling it Revolution PIZZA!
2	I signed up for a yelp account just for this restaurant...If you are looking for fast, friendly, quality service you have come to the wrong place.  I have given this place try after try but consistently find myself disappointed when I walk out the door.  If you are looking for a beer selection they have a decent one, but nothing else deserves your attention.  Pizza is the LAST thing you should desire when entering Revolution.  Two stars base solely on the beers on tap.  I believe most of the high marks for this place involve a night of alcohol and a fuzzy remembrance of how bad it actually was!
4	September days, sitting on Revolution's patio drinking wheat beer overlooking North Davidson- worth the visit alone. We ordered a medium, white pizza with fresh mozzarella, house made Italian sausage and( I do what Julia S tells me to,) hot chili oil.  I have to say it was delicious. Our tab wasn't ridiculous, six beers and a medium pizza, $40.
4	Best pizza I've had so far in Charlotte, not perfect but very good.
4	These guys have good food (if you get a pizza) and a wide beer selection.  Definitely a must stop in noda.
3	Rev is a solid place for good za, and a great beer selection.I have been here MANY times, sometimes after work at the bar alone with a Red Oak and a personal pizza, other times on the weekend on the patio with a bunch of friends. Usually good service, sometimes it can be a bit slow, especially on drink re-fills and such. Pizza is always good, build your own with some unique things you don't find at most pizza joints. I always get the fresh mozz, and basil makes a huge difference, in addition to whatever protein I decide to go with on the pie. Careful, those little toppings add up quick and could make for a pricey pizza. A great go-to spot in the neighborhood!
1	I give up. I've had two terrible experiences with this place and refuse to go back ever again. The first time was on a Friday night a few months ago. A group of about 8 of us went in about 1030 and the place was clearing out, guess that shoulda been my warning. The server was attentive and brought out drinks promptly and then advised us we could only order off a certain part of the menu since it was late. I guess 11 counts as late here on a friday. Ok no biggie, Margherita pizza sounds fine. 3 of us ordered this. What came out was more caprese salad on a cold hard piece of flat bread than a hot pizza. Cold tomato and mozzarella slices with arugula garnish. Look I applaud trying to get all bougie but warn your patrons. I would not have ordered had I known. When I expressed my dissatisfaction to the server he just shrugged and said "sorry, that's how it comes" and walked away. Yep, that made me mad. When I returned home from my trip I did send an email just to express my displeasure. The manager was very apologetic and a few days later a gift certificate unexpectedly showed up in the mail. Wow, ok, I'll give it another shot.Last night was that second chance and they failed miserably. I walked in on a Wednesday at 10:03pm. The hostess said sorry, kitchen just closed. I said I'm bringing in a group of 12 people, but I guess we can just drink this gift certificate so asked I could use it for that. She responded that I'd have to ask the owner, he's standing right there. Um, no, i don't work here. Not my job to ask. So I got a "nod" and went to the bar where I said I'll have several people drinking on this gift certificate and here's a card to secure the rest. The bartender told me that they close in 30 minutes and shrugged her shoulders like she didn't want to deal with this. Really?? I'm so frustrated at this point I walked out. I can't even give you money? The owner was standing right there, shoulda said something. But instead I voted with my wallet and went down the street and rang up a $200 tab. I've given you two chances. I won't give you any more next time I'm traveling through Charlotte. By the way, I know it's September and should be cool, but it isn't and thus your AC should be on. It was ridiculously hot in there.
2	We met friends here before a gallery crawl a few weeks ago.  We sat on the patio as it was a very pleasant evening.  Service started off just fine.  Then began to dwindle.  It could have been the fact that they were out of many of the beers we had picked, and the server was having to run back and forth.  Had calamari as an app, lots of crust and fried bits, no actual calamari.  Entrees arrived about an hour later, except for my fiancee's, that came 10 minutes after ours.  No apology included.  Pizza was OK.  Wings were too salty and too spicy.  Caprese salad was pretty good.  Highlight of the meal was dessert.  Creme brulee and blueberry gelato were excellent.  So the moral of the story is come for dessert, maybe a beer if they have the one you want.
4	Great experience overall!  A fellow yelper and I stopped by around 1030 on a Friday night for some food and a beer and the place was full of a young energetic crowd.  We had an awesome waiter who was full of beer suggestions - and my friend didn't even like his first beer and the waiter removed and replaced it free of charge!  You can't get that service everywhere.  As for the food, I ordered a make your own pizza and it was out in an amazingly short amount of time and it was really awesome - perfect for a Friday night food craving, and really quiet cheap for a small.  I'll definitely be back here when I find myself in NoDa and lookin for a bite to eat!
4	Every time I have visited this pizza house, I've honestly had great experiences, the wait staff are very friendly and always willing to offer suggestions for ya if you're in  an indecisive mood!  (we've all been there... it's ok)   I ordered the falafel sammich!  YUM-EEE!  This particular time the cocktails were ordered.  They had a few beers on special and I opted for one of them.... It was not pleasing to my palate and when I asked for a different one the waiter took it without any hesitation and suggested one for me, which was by far superior to the previous one.  Even though I wasn't expecting it, he removed it from the tab!  I'm sold!  Definitely a great atmosphere and a party on a friday night!  I highly recommend it for those looking for a chill pizza night out!
4	Went here tonight, and left very happy! I am somehwat lactose intolerant, and can't really eat alot of pizza. I agreed to meet some friends here, and was at first a little bummed because I thought I wouldn't really be able to find something to eat. menu had alot more than just pizza, and holy crap, alot of beer choices! I had the Lamb Burger, which was awesome! Patty wasn't huge, but very tasty toppings, and I believe some feta or goat cheese sprinkled on top. My friends split two pizzas, and I had a slice of one- Neese's Sausage (are you kidding me!?), caramelized onions, and mushrooms, with the butter parmesan finishing drizzle- OMFG, it was as good as it sounds...Def will go back. Great food in a great area...
4	I'm reviewing this place without having tried the pizza seeing I don't eat cheese.This place is nice: good brews, nice atmosphere, and awesome staff. Aside from sandwiches, they have an array of "sides", appetizers, sandwiches and salads. I had their homemade potato chips with dill dip and they were so addicting I had to put the basket away from me so I wouldn't eat them all. If you're in NoDa and in need for foodstuffs, I'd definitely recommend here.
4	My buddy came in town and we decided to roll on in here on Thursday night. They started a new game night and we ordered individual pizzas and drank beer and played Bingo. We one three free beers and $5 off our tab. We spent about 4 hours her socializing with other bar patrons (the entire Roller Derby Girlz team was here tonight - they were awesome) Going to see one of their bouts this year! Anyway - I ordered a personal pepperoni and mushroom pizza - very tasty and loved the crust. My friend got the 'burger" pizza - it was ok - I would not order it again - I will stick to the classic pizza flavors. The beer selection was great and we killed the keg of Four Friends Uptown Brown! I will go back this Thursday!!
4	Some nights, during the summer, it'll be sauna hot, a cloud of humid, sweat smelling air hovering around your table, but your pie'll still come out luke-warm-cold, while your beer's all unpleasantly tepid, and you'll swear you ain't comin back.And then you will, because it's the best damn beer selection in the city, and you'll gamble, getting an egg on your mushroom pie, and hell if it doesn't come out perfectly - just solid enough to keep it together while you grab a slice, glossy yolk still runny, making an otherwise OK pie stellar.  Pizza roulette. I'll keep playing.
4	Seriously y'all... let me put it out there like this:  white pie with fresh basil, fresh mozzarella, and truffle oil.  BOOM!  Wash it down with a pitcher of your favorite IPA and that's how dinner gets done.  Now if they could just build a parking deck behind their building, you could find me here weekly.  The previous reviews had me a little wary- sometimes cold pizza, uninspiring appetizers, you get the gist.  Well I am happy to report that my experience was nothing but sunshine and smiles, save for crazy weekend parking in NoDa.  The wife and I brought in an out of town couple for a night of pizza and beers.  We had about a 20 minute wait at the bar, which was crowded but not too bad for a Saturday night.  That gave us just enough time to order a pitcher of draft beer from their ENORMOUS tap list.  Some things were out (Boo...) but with such a big selection it was a little hard to be too disappointed.  Do buy a pitcher when you can, better value for the money compared to single drafts, especially the way they use little symbols on the menu to help you figure out the price.Once seated, our server was quick and unassuming, making sure to keep the pitcher refilled and in both taking and delivering our order.  The menu had plenty of specialty pizzas along with the make your own, which is how the culinary masterpiece I mentioned above came into being.  We also ordered their version of the cheeseburger pizza and (while I thought Wolfman's version could not be topped) it was very good- the mustard sauce was a nice but unexpected surprise.  Both pies had a great crust that was not too thin or thick, with a nice mix of outer crunch and inner chew.  We also shared a cup of gelato for dessert and it was nothing short of the perfect end to an otherwise heavy meal.  All their gelato is house-made.  Now we also shared the peanut butter nutella pie, which was out of this world.  I'm still partial to the heaping mound of Nutella Pie you get from Mama Ricotta's, but this pie at Revolution has little to be ashamed of.  It's just gosh darn good.  Revolution ranks up there in terms of best pizza in town for me.  When it's time to add a beer to the mix, Revolution will be my new go-to.
3	I thought Revolution was just ok. I loved their crust on the Signature pizza's and I really liked the atmosphere in general. Trivia was fun and challenging (but not too challenging) !Tons of beers to choose from and quite an extensive dining menu. My friend and I split the Potato Rosemary Pizza ($10) and the Grilled Margherita ($12) none were amazing in my opinion.The potato rosemary didn't have much flavor- and the goat cheese was not spread around. None  of the toppings were plentiful so I eventually had to ask for marinara sauce to dip my flavorless (although awesome texture) crust. The Margherita was a little disappointing...no marinara sauce on this just a cracker grilled crust with overly salted/peppered mozzarella cheese, slices of tomato, basil, and quite a bit of balsamic. Again the toppings were sparse and overall it just wasn't very delicious.Our service was fine, not bad not good- it was busy though.Overall Id go back for the atmosphere but I question whether the chef knows how to put their amazing ingredients together... I guess everything deserves a second chance.
3	3.5 stars overallI dig the vibe and some of the 'za at Revolution. This is one of those places that I always pass by while in NoDa and, for some reason, rarely stop in. Allow me to break it down for ya...The Good: The patio is lovely, the place is giant. As Tonya mentioned, this is surely a wonderful spot to grab a few pints, a pizza and hang out for a while. The staff here are super laid back and very friendly - and I hear they have trivia, too! Weekday specials are pretty solid as well - it definitely helps curb the price of the specialty pies. A particular pie I really enjoyed is the NoDa - Grateful Growers pulled pork in all its glory, carmelized onions, peppers and deliciousness. Nommmm!The Meh: The Carolina Cyclops pie really disappointed me - it was like munching on a salt block. The first bite was the best - the cracked egg tempered the salty pancetta, ham and cheese. But I couldn't have any more after that bite. Sad, salt laden pizza. Nevertheless, I'll definitely head back to Revolution for another go - their beer selections is stellar and I'd love to find a few go-to pies to love and adore!
4	We had some friends come into town so we decided to show them what the QC had to offer.  After a day of shuttling around Charlotte, we stopped in to NoDa, and this neat place.Since there was a considerable wait, we decided to start off with some beverages.  The selection on tap is great, ranging from local brews on out.  Although crowded, we found room at one of several stand-up tables in the front bar area.  When seated, we reviewed the menu, and boy! did that cause some problems!Everything looked awesome.  We decided to try several things, and just go family-style.  The pizza was good, but not "holy mackerel".  The ingredients were fresh and tasty.  The crust was thin, but not too flavorful.  Sometimes this is good, especially if you're more interested on your toppings.  Me?  I'm a carb fan, and as such demand a lot from my doughs!  What really blew me away was the lamburger!  One bite and I was in heaven!  The divinity of this burger was nothing short of a spiritual awakening, both in my mouth and in my belly!  A juicy, well-seasoned hunk of ground lamb lightly dressed with fresh, homemade cucumber yogurt sauce (aka tzatziki or masto khiar) sitting on top of a ciabatta bun made this dish deelish!  Everyone at the table agreed that this was, by far, the best on the table.We finished off with some homemade gelato.  Smooth, light, and refreshing after a hard day's traveling!  Overall, a great time was had by all.  The service was friendly, although due to the heavy traffic, we didn't have too much time to interact.  The location is awesome, and our seating was probably the best in the house with views of the eclectic NoDa area!  The story of the building itself is really neat too.Noosh!
4	I'm not a huge fan of the pizza at Revolution.  It can be inconsistent.  Two visits in a row, it was particularly mediocre, but then it improved again.  But generally, it's pretty good.  At least they have a nice selection of choice toppings, including grateful growers products.Their beer selection, on the other hand, is totally off the chain.  That row of taps is something to behold.And Wednesday night trivia is always fun.I like the feel of this place, it's a ton of fun on trivia night, the people running the show are always super friendly, and the beer can't be beat, but if I left Charlotte, I would never look back wistfully on my pizza experiences at Revolution.  There's just a lot of stuff to make up for that shortcoming.
4	I am a total pizza fanatic and while Revolution Pizza may look sorta basic on the outside don't be fooled!  Inside, Revolution is all about thin-crust pizza made with high quality ingredients and great crust.  San Marzano tomatoes?  Check.  In-house grated cheese?  Check.  Ooh, I can't wait!  We got seated out on the patio for a perfect spring evening.  Revolution's got a great selection of craft beers with a special emphasis on NC brews.  Tonya P and I ordered up a red pie with jalapenos and pepperoni, itsa gonna be a spicy pie, eh?  And 15 minutes later we were digging in...  Now here's where it gets tricky.  Revolution is definitely a thin crust pizza and I'd like to call it a Neapolitan pie.  Where it differs is that its crust was not charred at all, barely even brown.  And the sauce is more of a standard pizza sauce instead of a lightly crushed tomato sauce.  So Revolution dishes out a pie that's sorta between standard NY thin-crust and neapolitan.  But who cares, the pizza here is really good!  You can taste the freshness and quality of the toppings and the thin slices just means you can eat more, yum!  Service was on point all night, very efficient and prompt.  So go go, Revolution Pizza!  If you're looking for a gourmet slice of thin-crust, you really can't go wrong here.  Just keep it easy on the toppings and let the ingredients shine through.  And I wish I could get a revolution started up in the Triangle area because this place rocks...
4	The pizza and the beer selection here are great.  You can get a really basic pie or something off beat.  The nice thing about this place is that you not only get a really chill place to go eat but you get a lot more options for your pizza than you do at most other places.
5	Great pizzas and wonderful draft beer selection.. BUT! if you're not trying the chef's specials or her ribs, or her lamb burger... well, you're really missing out.  Chef Meredith is a culinary genius!  I have NEVER had a bad meal here.  Don't miss the wings, either.  Garlic Parm wings are just amazing!  And if you're a fan of interesting mixed drinks, hang out at the bar and chat with Christine. She makes killer Gel-a-tinis and her special bloody mary mix won fist prize at a local competition!  This is truly one of the best places in town!
4	A pizza topped with potatoes?? Kill me b/c I am in carb heaven! A groupon led me to Revolution however I've always been intrigued by it's ginormous patio right in the heart of NoDa. I went last night and was very pleased with everything--food, beer, service, atmosphere. I can't believe I'm saying this but I felt like there were too many beers to choose from. I was in complete overload and was all "Whoa" ala Joey Lawrence on Blossom. Our table all wanted Sweetwater Blue which was perfect since they serve pictures for $12. That came out to a beer and a half for three people so that worked. The bruschetta was fantastic-simple and light with more of a balsamic emphasis. And then the pizza happened. When I saw their signature pizzas, I couldn't decide. While reading the description of the Cheeseburger pizza, I may have thrown up in my mouth. However, all the other ones sounded divine. Our table got the Potato and Rosemary Pizza which was complete with caramelized onions and goat cheese. I would eat a homeless man's shoe if it was covered in goat cheese so I was giddy with the abundance of goat cheese. The pizza was tasty and perfect for a warm, summer night. Add a few pitchers of beer and an attentive server and you bet your potatoes I will be back. Now the question is will I be back for the pizza, beer or gelato bar? PS -Dog friendly!
4	Went for a quick bite before a show at the Neighborhood Theater, and was very impressed.  I had the cheeseburger pizza, and it floored me!  I really liked the crust; I see a lot of reviewers thought it was too cracker-like, but I didn't get that at all.  Mine was moist, chewy, and crisp at the same time.  The pizza sauce base was ketchup and mustard, with lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle, and ground beef.  Every other 'Cheeseburger' pizza I've had has just been ground beef on a regular pizza.  My wife had the Falafel, which was outstanding as well.  Service was very friendly, and we received our dinner and drinks very quickly for a place that was slammed on a Saturday night.  They also have a ton of beers on tap, and some really good looking gelato (I didn't have time to try it before the show.)I can't wait to go back and try some of the other menu choices!
3	This place used to be a mellow mushroom a few years ago that featured fully furnished upside down rooms (hence the very tall ceilings). Despite wishing that they had left the upside down rooms and not removed them, the new tenants have done a great job in keeping the place a "go to" destination. They have a massive selection of local craft beers and a good menu. The service is good and they even have a few game nights which are always fun!
4	So this is kind of smashing two reviews into one.  The first is for Revolution Pizza, which I would give a 3.5.  And the second is for Revolution Ale House, which I would give a 4.5.  I got out my trusty calculator, and evidently (3.5+4.5)/2=4, so I am giving this place a 4.I didn't live in Charlotte for a long time, but I got the impression that Revolution was the best place for beer snobbery in town.  A good-sized list with a very good selection (unlike somewhere like Flying Saucer, which has a huge list, but a ton of filler, not to mention sub-par food).  I don't really remember what beers I had there aside from an Allagash White, but everything was good, and thankfully served in room temperature glasses.  A little hard to hail down a bartender, but once I succeeded she was very friendly and helpful.As for the food, it was good, and vegetarian friendly.  I had their Margherita pizza both times, and while it wasn't the best I've ever had it was quite tasty.  The balsamic reduction definitely gave it a welcome boost.  But its been a while since I've been there, and after just looking at their online menu, it seems like they have more vegetarian items than they used to.  4 of their 9 signature pizzas are veg-friendly, and their Mushroom Fettucine sounds great.  Prices were a little higher than I liked, beer and food, worth it for the beer and not really that bad for the food.  Service is OK, seemed a little disorganized, but everyone was ultimately friendly and helpful.  Nice decor, in a large, old house.Looking at their online menu (not to mention beer selection) has me wanting to go back next time I'm in Charlotte, so perhaps they will hit that magic 5 stars next time!!!Note:  So I just had another look at the beer list, and all of their drafts are local.  Now I have no problem with supporting local beer, but I could have sworn that they used to have taps of Bell's, Rogue, Allagash,etc., and maybe even a few Belgians. They do have some bottles from Allagash, Bell's, Dogfish, etc. For me personally, a beer bar without a good  Belgian selection is not really a beer bar (one Chimay red bottle and some local knockoffs don't cut it).
4	Awesome beers on tap - solid food & menu.What's their unique factor? *They offer 1/2 pint pours of many of their beers.*Really crispy crusts & breads.
4	Lots of good beers here if you are a fan of "something different". The first time I went here we had a make your own topping pizza which was delicious. I've been back two or three times since and cant say the pizza was memorable. So I guess its all in what you order. It seems a build your own is better then the predetermined ones. This place used to be a Mellow Mushroom, to me Revolution is like the same thing. I love the outdoor patio and the location is great (NODA)
4	Great wings, good pizza if you like NY or brick oven and pretty good selection of gelato. Pets are welcomed on the patio.
5	Awesome pizza and Awesome service. Check out date night with someone special.
2	I've tried to be a fan of this place but it is really hard...On the plus side, it's got great outdoor seating and I can easily walk there from where I live.On the negatives:*The toppings are really expensive - like Artichoke Hearts - and I find like 5 pieces on a large pizza. I am always finding ground up pits in the Kalamata Olives, onion skins in the onions, and unchewable bits of carmelized garlic.*The service is ridiculously slow. I tried to go last night with a friend, there were a ton of empty tables and the hostess told us "They were understaffed..." so we couldn't be seated for 20 minutes. And even after 20 minutes, I still see the hostess rushing around but not actually seating us. We went somewhere else.*I ordered for takeout on the weekend once - when I got there, they told me that my pie had been burnt (which is food service code for "We didn't make it yet") and they rushed to make another one. Despite my urging to not rush, the pizza had unmelted globs of cheese and random toppings I didn't even ask for (which, as a vegetarian, finding bits of Sausage in your mouth is pretty gross).All in all, I've tried really hard to love having a pizza place in the neighborhood, but Revolution just doesn't cut it.
3	Great space and location.  I didn't try the pizza, but it looked good coming out of the kitchen and onto other people's tables.  I opted for the pesto pasta... which was ginormous.  The chicked was cooked really well - still moist and the spices they used on the chicken was really flavorful.The other reason for our visit to Revolution was to participate in a Friday night gallery crawl.  Unfortunately there were only a couple of galleries opened and I noticed some of them had relocated elsewhere since I had been there last.NoDa is definitely a cool area, but maybe the "rush" to be in the area isn't once as it used to be.  The area still has a lot of things going for it, but I am hoping the economy picks up so the arts community can thrive again.Back to the restaurant itself... I definitely will come back to try their other menu offerings and beer selection.
5	Good food + good beer + good service = good times.Good Food:- Demeter pizza - walnut pesto sauce, spinach, red and yellow peppers, tomatoes, feta cheese - I thought this would be good, and it turned out to be even better than I expected.  The sauce, veggies, and perfectly cooked crust melded into a pretty amazing combination.- Potato and Rosemary pizza - very thinly sliced potatoes, ample rosemary, caramelized onions, and goat cheese - I've never had potatoes on a pizza, but wow was it a good idea!  It works wonders with the rosemary.Good Beer:- Beer is separated on the menu into two categories - local North Carolina beer, and all other craft beers.  As we were visiting and are hug proponents of local beers, we were excited to see this as it helped up be able to pick out beers from the area.  Good Service- Server was prompt and friendly, and also helped us choose a good local beer.- Server also acquiesced to our weird request for beer coasters, and went and dug behind the bar and found us four or five different ones to add to our collection.- Not really service, but definitely part of having a well run restaurant, this place was nicely decorated and very clean.This was my favorite meal in North Carolina.
5	The husband and I rolled into this restaurant to catch a football game and drink a lovely draft beer. We are now HUGE fans of the this place! The staff is friendly, the bartender knows his beers, and was kind enough to let us a sample a few to make our choice. The pizza was FANTASTIC!! The crust was thin and perfectly cooked. They have a great micro-beer selection and from the advertisements they have good weekday specials.
3	Good beer - a lot of local and crafts on tap with plenty of bottles too.  Good service with a nice atmosphere.  Where they fall a little short though is the food.  Don't get me wrong, it is not bad, it just could be a whole lot better.  The breading on the calamari had too much of a spice to it and it almost tastes like fried chicken.  The pizza was just waaaaaay too thin despite tasting ok.  It was very close to paper thin, so a 16" pie cut into 8 slices for 4 people didn't go too far.  I'd go back to Revolution more for the beer than for the food.
4	Pizza isn't why you go to Revolution (and maybe food period - haven't been such a fan), but the beer selection -- featuring predominantly North Carolina craft breweries -- makes this a favorite bar of mine in NoDa. Nice people, too. The service is top notch...This started as a 3-star review, but I'm going to bump it to a 4-star, with the service being the dividing line...
5	Our friend Amy brought in some food from Revolution and I was floored because I have refused to eat anything from them ever since my poor pizza experience but this chicken kabob dish was just too good to believe.  Actually went back over there and ordered another one for us and it was equally as good at the first.  I suspect things have changed and thanks to this excellent chicken dish I'm planning on trying a pizza again soon.  Bravo Revolution!
4	I know, I  know, I should be basing this review on the beer selection and yadda, yadda, yadda but the past few times i have been here all ive been able to afford are pabst tall boys to drink. So, instead I will base this review on the Carolina Cyclops Pizza which blew my mind. Its a white pie with ham, pancetta, peppers, provolone, cheddar with a cracked egg in the middle. My biffle introduced me to this pizza and now I cant possibly order anything else from the menu. Prior to eating the cyclops I had been to Revolution a few times and had been unimpressed with the food, this pie has redeemed them though. Service is usually pretty good as well and the beer selection does look pretty dope.
3	I had the Calzone, tasted like garlic cheesy bread. YUMMY :) they have great beer selection too!!
3	While certainly not the best pizza I've ever eaten, it's definitely not bad pizza.  The list of standard pizzas is creative, and customers have the option to create their own pizza.  I ordered the 10" Demeter:  portabello mushrooms, oven-dried tomatoes and goat cheese.  The pizza was supposed to be drizzled with olive oil, but apparently opted for taking a bath in the oil instead.  I love olive oil, but it was just a bit much for me.  The beer selection here is pretty fantastic, offering great American craft brews and a fairly extensive list of local (NC) craft brews.  The beer alone gives me reason to visit Revolution again.
1	All I can say is that I'm honestly jealous.  I am jealous of all the people that stated they received great food and great service from this place, because I received neither.  I don't know what it is, maybe it's me.  Maybe I omit a foul and detestable odor.  I don't know what it is, but my recent experience here on Saturday, January 7th was as bad as any dining experience I've had at ANY establishment in recent memory...Upon arriving, my gf and I were seated right away, and a seemingly chill and laid back gentleman took our drink orders immediately.  In fact he was cool enough to inform me that they serve cherry coke as well as regular coke, which I gladly jumped at the chance to order instead.  We were able to place our orders with little issue - I ordered the small pie with pepperoni and pineapple.  My gf ordered some sort of white pizza concoction with chicken and basil or something to that affect.  When our pizza arrived it was BURNT.  PERIOD.  END OF STORY.  OUR PIZZA WAS TOTALLY AND COMPLETELY BURNT.  I can see if you're an ice cream parlor and you mess up the pizza - OK, I mean pizza isn't your specialty.  But how can YOU BE A PIZZA place and MESS up the PIZZA??!?!?  Due to the UNC vs BC basketball game that was coming on, we didn't have time to complain, we just wanted to be done and out of that place.  Upon picking through our burnt pizza, my gf and I waited an eternity for our server to finally come back and offer us a box and the check.  I honestly think he forgot about us.  We saw him numerous times attending other tables and clearing other tables, all while seemingly neglecting the table and people that had just received burnt pizza.  Upon FINALLY bringing us our check and a box, we had to wait ANOTHER 10 minutes for him to come back and take our checks.  When he finally did arrive, my gf and I were already standing up, jackets on and were ready to get the hell out of that place, which to me, also has a slight odor near the fish tank.  Part of me feels bad about writing this review, because our server, honestly seemed like a nice dude, and I'm sure it wasn't his fault that the pizza was burnt.  In addition, I've been there on a Friday night in the summer of 2011 and had great service and great food.  In fact, it was that experience that made me and my gf want to come back.  However, as smooth as my first experience was at Revolution, my most recent one was just that rocky.  I hope to give this place another shot one day, it just won't be anytime soon.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place. When we went yesterday they had 42 beers on tap! The best part is that with their "Pick a flyer" option, you can try a sampler of 4 different beers in 6 oz glasses for only $8, which is so reasonable. The pizza is also amazing and the service was wonderful. We went a little earlier than typical dinner hours and didn't wait at all but we noticed that when we left there was a huge wait for tables. Luckily, with so many great beers on tap, it would probably make the wait not seem as bad. I will definitely be back to Revolution.
3	Totally not impressed - ordered artichoke spinach dip - came in a thimble sized cup - pita triangles greasy - soup was ok - still very small portions.  Too many other places around with larger and better portions.
3	Summary: great location, good atmosphere, extensive beer selection and below average food.Both the interior and exterior of Revolution is eye catching.  It sits on a large corner lot in the heart of NoDa.  Be advised that parking is very tight so you'll likely have to search for a street spot.  The staff are laid back and the attire is casual.  A friend and I decided to grab dinner here before the 'stache Yelp bar crawl.  We sat at the bar and unfortunately were not greeted or even acknowledged for nearly 10 minutes.  Once we got the attention of a bartender, he was very nice and seemed to just be juggling multiple tasks.  We ordered the margarita pizza and a Caesar salad with shrimp.  The margarita pizza was barely edible.  The crust was less than cracker thin, the toppings were very sparse (tomatoes and mozzarella) and there was just a drizzle of balsamic.  It was very bland.  The Caesar salad tasted like something I could have made at home and it was under-dressed.  Overall, I'd not return for dinner but I'd definitely stop in for a few beers.  Plus, they had $3 well drinks on a Saturday which is a generous deal for a weekend night!
3	Met some friends for lunch and it was quite empty. We grabbed seats at the bar and the bartender was very friendly letting us sample beers. One of my "new years resolutions" is to try as much NC beer as possible, Revolution will make that easy. The majority of the draft beers are from NC. We ordered the New York Calzone, which does not come in Large but they made it anyways. It was not the best pizza I've had, there was an absence of sauce. The sausage was the star, it tasted like neeses! Overall: awesome place to grab local brews and split a pie amongst friends.
5	YUM!!!! I love this place...!! Sat outside this weekend and had a great time! I had the Demeter Pizza which was SOOOOO GOOOOODDD...I would highly recommend!! Also, their beer selection is off the chain, a lot of local brews...had the Carmel Gelato, and it was AMAZING!! Love the area, food-quality ingredients, and beers. Check them out! =)
3	Well, mixed opinions I guess.... Pizza was great, once we got it. Server was fantastic. I didn't have to ask where the pizza was, she was on it. She returned to our table a few minutes later to let us know they had to remake it. She offered us suitable quick option ( beer) while we waited again. If something goes wrong, the kitchen has to talk to someone. Manager needs to visit the table to resolve. It's a simple concept. Table behind us also had pizza made wrong. Their server was pissed, since someone else brought the pizza out. No manager in sight all night, which means they hadn't recognized the 20 tables I was in view of. Communication is key. Work with your employees and your customers. Our check would've been double - the tip always is! Will return....
5	I have no idea what happened to the other people who have bad reviews but both times i have come here i have received great service, food and beer. The bar staff is very knowledgeable and my bruschetta was great. I haven't had a chance to try pizza from here but there appetizers are delicious and the laid back chill environment with fresh noda beer flowing from the tap is reason enough to come back.
4	How genius are half-pint drink orders?SO GENIUS.Seriously, I *never* order beer in a restaurant because A) I am not a beer drinker and B) I don't know what kind of beer I like (corollary to A). I'm always afraid of getting stuck with a giant glass of something I hate, and feeling like I wasted my money in the process.Not here. For a mere $2.50 I was able to order a glass of something that sounded interesting and not worry about the possible waste (for the record, it was the NoDa NoDajito. Also, I really liked it.) Another sample glass of a slightly more expensive offering gave me an 8 once pour of Dogfish Head Festina Peche for $3.25. Not too shabby. And I was SO HAPPY to be able to join Husband in having a beer, for once.We were both really pleased with our pizza orders, as well. I went with a small/10" 4 topping ($11.50) red-sauce-base  with artichokes, roasted red & yellow peppers, mixed sauteed mushrooms and kalamata olives.  The sauce tasted really fresh, and the veggie toppings were both ample and well-balanced. I didn't notice more than one type of mushroom on my pizza, but I may have been nomming it too quickly to tell. The pizza didn't exhibit an overabundance of cheese, compared to some places, but you know like the song says: sometimes you feel like cheese, sometimes you don't.  I will say my meal was borderline too salty, but I'm not sure if that was due to one of the core components, or if it was just the toppings I picked (i.e. artichokes and olives, both of which can be extra briny). The crust was awesome, too - both chewy and crackly-crisp. There were some small spots of char, which you may or may not like (I do), but overall just a really, really great texture and flavor. I ate almost all of my crusts, which is rare for me.Husband's white pie (olive oil + garlic base) with prosciutto, mushrooms and fresh arugula looked really good too, not that I'd know firsthand, since he wouldn't share. Thing of note: the prosciutto was cubed. I've only ever seen it thinly-sliced/shaved on a pizza before, so that was news to me.We don't make it over to the NoDa side of town as often as we should or would like. Now that we've sampled Revolution's offerings, though, maybe we'll start coming up with more reasons to visit.
3	My first experience, not a good one. When our party of 6 arrived-we were greeted by a fretting hostess (and an empty restaurant except for about 6 folks). She told us they didn't have ANY tables because there was a private party coming in to the private room... so we asked about the bar. Of course we could sit there-but the bartender was stuck in the elevator (???) and their servers were with the private party (which she informed us hadn't arrived and wouldn't for a bit). We sat down with high hopes, having heard great things about the place... and were salivating over the menu for 10 minutes before we gave up and left.I'll try again another time...
3	Not too bad.  I was expecting a lot more but the pizza was good.  I would go here again but wouldn't ever go out of my way to get there.  Pizza's were enough for most adults but for the price you would expect bigger.
2	So the beer selection on tap is great, but overpriced. It was nice to sit outside on the patio. I ordered the grilled  Margherita  pizza and it was awful. Globs of cheese and oily tomatoes fell off when I picked it up and stained my shorts for the rest of the day. The crust was absolutely dreadful and tasteless. When you think of thin crust pizza you do not expect dried out cracker thin crust. The other signature pizzas they offer all looked terrible and unappetizing too. One pizza has a ketchup and mustard base, YUCK! I didn't discover until after that a pint which would cost me 4 to 5 dollars anywhere else cost 7.50 here. This place is not worth visiting.
5	Still one of my all-time favorite places to go for pizza, wings, and of course, BEER!  A few things to note, however.  Chef Meredith is no longer reigning in the kitchen, she has moved on to a better opportunity.  The food at Revo's is still great, however.  I have no noticed any quality change.  Also, they are updating their bar area and adding more taps and a lot more TVs.  I can't wait to see the finished product!The staff is awesome, some of the best people working in restaurants are working here.  Stop by and see them, you won't regret it!
3	The last time I stopped by this house in the heart of NODA, it was many years ago.  I still get that same remIninscent vibe as the days of old.  We stopped in for dinner with a friend, before a show at the newly opened Roux.  Front porch seats are where it's at for grabbing a bite and a few drinks!The highlights for me include the view, the large beer selection, and the wine.  I also enjoy the pizza, but we didn't grab for anything crazy, just a large sausage and pepperoni.  Also, it was pretty cool to find out next time we could bring our four-legged friends on the porch for dinner!A few letdowns here, as well.  The calamari was way overlooked, rubbery, and the breading would not stay on.  The marinara sauce was so-so, different than anything I've had before.  Though it was busy, our service was still subpar.  The waitress was very nice but would disappear for periods at a time.  None of us got refills, and whatever we asked for, it took forever.  We noticed the server for the tables beside us constantly taking care of her customers, so I'm prone to believe the issue was only with our waitress and not the entire staff.I'm sure I'll be back here.  I dig the urban, artsy vibe that Revolution has going on.  The porch is really a highlight!
4	Two words:  date night.  Appetizer, large pizza and gelato for $20, plus it happens on Tuesday which is 1/2 price 1/2 pints.  Amazing pizza, wonderful service and great location.
4	Stopped in for a pie and a few brews Saturday evening. It had been a couple months, which is a long time between visits for me, and I discovered they had redone the bar area.  About doubled the bar length. I am usually alone and prefer sitting at the bar which in the past was often full. No trouble getting a seat now.  They added TV's too so there was a game to watch from every seat.The pizza was great as usual. Same great crust. Same fresh toppings. So yummy. It was their 4th anniversary and they had some special limited availability brews on tap. And of course their usual huge and tasty lineup of "reagular" tap beers.  Awesome. Only 4 stars this time because they had the music blasting way too loud. I was told the managers were trying to create a party atmosphere for the anniversary celebration. Could barely communicate with the bartenders was so loud.
4	I went back to Revolution and decided to try out some of their other options. I had their falafel which was actually really good and full of flavor. It was served with a really lovely butternut squash bisque and was a ton of food for $8.They had an excellent beer special on Wednesday nights - $3 for any draft. I tried a delicious watermelon wheat and a white zombie wheat beer, both were incredibly refreshing. A+ beer selection (which I'm told changes quite a bit as the menu online was different). Our service was top notch, which wasn't easy considering we were a group of 18.  She was very sweet and was able to get us everything we needed promptly.I'll definitely be back on a Wednesday night for a sandwich and a beer ! Don't forget they also have their own parking lot out back.
4	I very much enjoy eating at Revolution Ale house. They typically have great beer specials with a lot to choose from on tap and I really like their Special, beers and a pizza for $20. I have been several times and my favorite item on the menu is the Large Four Cheese Pizza with Pepperoni. The cheese on top in little clumps makes the pizza delicious! We have tried others, the cheeseburger and the rosemary potato pizza. They are also very good but something about there is something about that Four cheese combination! I would say it is a very thin crust pizza so you would eat more slices than normal. I have also tried the fried ravioli and bruschetta as appetizers. Both of which are good choices for starters. The service staff is all very helpful and relaxed. I have never had a poor or even mediocre experience at Revolution. Yum Yum!
2	I want so much more from this place! The location is awesome and its a pretty neat, comfortable layout with a great bar - excellent beer selections - but the food just doesn't match it. I don't know if they're trying to do too much at once or what. They have tons of topping selections for pizzas but not a lot of specialty pizzas featured. Everything I've had here is just 'meh.' I heard they are going to have a new manager or something along those lines soon and I hope they'll make some major improvements, because this joint has major potential!
3	I went there for a friends birthday. We arrived at 7pm on a Saturday night and of course the bar and restaurant was packed. We were told the wait would be 20 - 30 mins which it was or slightly longer. The bar has several TVs and the area of the restaurant we were seated in had one which was nice since there were several games on that night. They have a variety of beer. I ordered a round of car bombs for the group and was told they didn't have Guinness but would use a different stout. (No problem) When we got the bar bombs they used Baileys and vodka instead of Baileys and Jameson or another Irish whiskey.  (Not cool)I had the fried calamari which was very good and the Falfa sandwich which was extremely good. The service was great and overall we all had a great time.
2	This used to be one of my favorite spots to relax, eat delicious pizza, and sip delicious beer. Well, I went in the other day and everything had changed. First of all, they put ridiculous white tablecloths on all the tables...who do they think they are? I go there to drink beer with my friends, not go on some 5 star business lunch or something. Plus the tablecloth kind of got in the way in the booth-style tables. Makes no sense. But whatever. The reason why I am giving Revolution 2 stars is that THEY REMOVED MY FAVORITE PIZZA FROM THE MENU. It was the Rosemary Potato pizza, and it was awesome. They changed the menu, but did not keep the old favorites of their clientele. They had a kind of similar pizza but they said they would not put potatoes on it because that pizza was Off the Menu. Please, Revolution, if you are reading this, PUT THE ROSEMARY POTATO PIZZA BACK ON THE MENU. Go back to the way you were! There was nothing wrong with you! You were great!! Side note: seems like they are always out of Allagash White when I go...what's up with that? Anyway. Revolution, please change back. Please. I dream about the Rosemary Potato pizza all the time and it is one of the small pleasures of my life when I go eat it at Revolution with my friends. Would you rob a person of this experience forever? Would you really???
4	Checked out Revolution's new menu last night. (I wish they would update their website, it still has the old menu.) I was glad to see expanded offerings with more apps, salads, sandwiches, and specialty pizzas to choose from. Two interesting things I'd like to try in the future were the avocado with eggs and the cilantro bean salad. There are lots of options for vegetarians and some vegan items. We had the pulled pork sliders app and they were so delicious. I really appreciate that they use local Grateful Growers pork and the sliders were topped with a purple slaw on soft sesame seed buns. We usually get the NoDa pizza, which I am thankful is on the new menu, but since we'd already had the sliders we went with the veggie Hippie and added cheese. It was great with hearty toppings. I have always thought their pizza was some of the best in Charlotte, but it is the more gourmet type of pizza.  Large pizzas are around $22-$25. As others have mentioned, service can be so-so here. Our server was pleasant and tried to be attentive but he was very busy. I think they were understaffed with only 2-3 servers doing everything. I try to avoid going when I think it will be busy. Their beer offerings are fantastic and can't be beat by most places. They also have specials every weeknight including all drafts for $3 on Thursdays and they offer half-pints.
5	This was our first time to visit Revolution Pizza.  After being seated on the front sunroom, it was just too cold to remain comfortable, not to mention that although there were several booths and only one family out there, they sat us directly behind that family!  The boy was loud and noise reverberated.  So we moved inside where it was toasty and although a little noisy, it was more alive!The menu was much more expansive than on their website!  We ordered a veggie pizza that actually was vegan with no cheese.  So glad our waiter was kind enough to point that out and offer to add cheese!!  (What pizza has no cheese?)  It was delicious!  The crust was thin and crispy with bubbly edges!  All fresh ingredients - wow, it was awesome!  My husband enjoyed the massive beer selections, although he didn't love all the beers he got for his flight.  I was disappointed in the fact that the wine I ordered was $9 on the menu, yet we were charged $11.  Just didn't feel like dealing with it so we didn't say anything.Revolution is across town from where we live.  Would we drive there for pizza all the time?  No.  But if we were craving a good pizza and beer one night, we sure would to make an evening of it!  There certainly is no pizza joint like that in Southpark!!!
3	Pretty cool place in Noda.......I had a Groupon that was about to expire so my son and I stopped by after church for a quick meal.  I love that they paper down the tables so that kids can just go at it until the food arrives.  We tried the garlic Parmesan wings, chicken fingers w/chips, and the pulled pork signature pizza.  I thought the food was average as the wings and fingers lacked flavor......the homemade chips were dull...the pizza was good, but I could have done without the balsamic dressing.  I would definitely go back for a pizza.
5	Ok listen up. This place is great. My wife and I were skeptical after reading some of the crappy reviews people left prior to our visit, however we were pleasantly surprised with the service and food quality. I urge you to this place out for yourself. Now to the food. We had the Revolution pizza and wings. FANTASTIC! Gelato was freakin awesome. So there you have it.
5	I love everyone here! They are perfect!
1	From the managers mouth, he stated "40 to 45 minutes is the typical wait time for food." We got out appetizers after 45 minutes in and were then told that they they ran out of mozzarella, "so I guess you guys have to to order something else." I have to say we were all young professionals and the manager was not sympathetic to our concerns at all. Apparently, the customer is always right doesn't apply to this establishment. We've been here over an hour and still haven't gotten our food. If you like waiting over an hour for tomatoes, cheese and lettuce, this place is for you!
4	Came in Friday with a friend to use my Living Social Deal. So glad I did. Service was great....also too great as everything came very quick and we were in no rush. Our waitress however did not make us feel rushed at all and we were able to enojy our yummi beers. I wish they carried a tap or two of Triple C. I know they have in the past,....I just wish they did always. :) We got the NODA pizza and it was amazing! I would never think to put balsamic vin on my pizza but it was spot on. I already loved this spot and am sure I will be back again soon!
4	Good beer. Pretty good pizza. The only big knock on them was our service. Our waitress was new or didn't care. Either way, I'll go back when I'm up that way again.
4	Man, I'm glad I haven't reviewed this place yet.  Now that they have re-energized the place with the new bar and the menu switch up, I am a huge fan.Interior is nice and cozy and the patio or the bar is an instant hit for me.  I love the wide bar, plenty of elbow room.The food is equally great and of course like the older Revolution the beer selection is great and plentiful.
2	We tried this joint out because we purchased a Groupon. Really enjoyed the Blueberry Ale, but as for the pizza - IMO, only worth it with a Groupon.
4	I'm a fan of pizza, and of beer...and pizza and beer. Revolution is just the ticket when you're in NoDa and looking to satiate your buds with the aforementioned. Killer beer selection. I've been on many occasions where they've featured casks of specialty brews or has a lineup of local brews. I've heard they've revamped the bar and I'm looking forward to checking it out. Pizza choices range from end to end of the spectrum. My favorites, though I'm not sure they offer it year-round, has been the Mexican-style pizza. The plain cheese and veggie options have both been go-to's in the past, too. My favorite aspect is the 2nd floor dining. It's nice being "above" the streets of NoDa, whether on the patio or inside. It gives you a far and away feel. The interior is awesome, too. Kinda of a trippy experience looking up into the high ceilings. They have a ton of space and it makes me wonder what is up there. Maybe a cool attic? Looking forward to heading back again soon.
4	Revolution is a great spot!  I don't know how it took me so long to try this place out but I sure am glad I did. The location is awesome, right on the corner in the middle of NoDa in what looks to be an old house.  If you can sit out on the porch, I recommend it.  You can eat and look out at all of the activity around the neighborhood.  And if that's not enough to keep you entertained, you can color on the paper covered tablecloths with crayons.  Combine that with beer and you've got yourself a good time.  This place has everything I could possibly desire in terms of local craft beers.  In fact, I don't know that I've seen a place with more local options.  Beers can be ordered in pints, pitchers, or in flights if you want to sample some different things.  And the 'za is pretty delicious too.  There are tons of options for meat lovers and veggie lovers, and they come in small and large sizes.  The small size covers a normal sized dinner plate and is just enough for one person.  It is cooked nicely with a crispy crust and not too saucy.  I enjoy the Big Kanua which is like a Hawaiian pizza with jalapenos.  There are also some pretty good apps, particularly the curry chicken kabobs.This is a great place to hang out and have a few beers and some good pizza.
2	I hate to do this...but after last night, Revolution is on my list, and not my "this place is so awesome, I want to eat here all the time" list.  A little history: the first few times I ate at Revolution, I absolutely loved it.  The pizza has always been tasty, hot, and leaves me satisfied.  The beer list has always been impressive.  After ordering take out a few weeks ago, I got it home and it was soggy in the middle.  You better believe I took it back and had a replacement pizza made, which was still soggy, just not as much (I live less than 5 minutes down the road - not like it was in the car or anything for a long period of time).  Last night, my boyfriend and I decided to swing by for a pizza and unwind with a few beers.  First, the place was pretty busy, which I fully expect on a Friday night.  We were seated right away.  Ordered our beers, and the waitress came back about 5 minutes later saying they were all out of both beers we ordered (AFTER my boyfriend double checked if the list was updated asked if they actually had what we ordered).  BUMMER.  Then we ordered the beer cheese as an appetizer, which comes out in a salad dressing sized cup.  Almost too small for two people to share.  It was just OK...I've had better beer cheese.  We waited more than 30 minutes for our pizza.  While we waited, I saw a roach crawling down the side of the door frame.  EW.  I was completely grossed out and watched it scurry across the floor (I left a note as we were leaving reporting the creepy bug we both saw).  We ordered the NoDa pizza, which is the usual for us.  It was not as tasty as it had been in the past.  The meat was sort of burnt and it lacked flavor this time around.  Sadly, it looks like we'll have to find a new favorite pizza joint, as this is no longer it.
2	Let me start off by saying that I'm pregnant, so my food standards are even higher now than normal. If I crave something and go out and buy it and it is not a great version of whatever it is that I was craving, that was a total waste of time because my craving wasn't satisfied and now I have to go find that food item somewhere else. Today I was walking around NoDa and I specifically smelled grilled Margherita pizza, after two hours of not being able to get the thought out of my head, I gave in and order a grilled margherita pizza to go from Revolution. I used to eat here all the time 3 years ago and loved it, so although I have not eaten here in 2 years, I was very excited about my pizza. Unfortunately, pregnant or not, this was the most disappointing pizza I've ever had in my life. This is a really tough review for me because I've never given two stars, and because I am a huge fan of everything NoDa, but a bad pizza is a bad pizza. The crust was "cracker thin" as advertised, a little too thin for me, but I can't complain because that is exactly how it was described on the menu. But, the proportion of toppings to crust was completely off. The pizza was super dry; Margherita pizza usually has tomato sauce, but this one was completely dry aside from a Balsamic reduction that came on the side. If it had sauce on it, I probably would not have noticed the lack of toppings so much, but 50% of each slice had absolutely nothing on it, so I was just taking big bites of flavorless, dry, cracker-like pizza crust. If that's the flavor I was craving I would've just bought a box of Matzos...The pizza had 3 or 4 tomato slices, 3 or 4 mozzarella slices, and about an ounce of basil to sprinkle on top. The only reason I'm giving 2 stars is because the mozzarella was absolutely delicious, too bad I only had a couple of bites of it. On the bright side, I set aside all of the topping-less cracker crust pieces so I can make breadcrumbs later, so not a total loss...
5	Great beer, great food... What more could a girl want?
2	Was not impressed. I came to Revolution Ale House with high hopes of a tasty pizza and awesome beer.... Didn't happen. They do have a pretty decent beer list which was plus though! My and I friend arrived on a semi busy Saturday night. We had a seat at the bar and ordered drink while we waited for our table, which didn't take long at all. We were taken back to our back patio table after about 5 minutes. We were finally greeted by our server who seemed a bit out of it.... We were in the mood for a margarita pizza and ordered it, he told us he didn't recommend it, that it is thin like a cracker and he "sees a lot of disappointed faces when he brings it to the table"...um okay, not a good sign but thanks for your honesty... Soo we ordered the build your own pizza (where each ingredient cost a dollar extra) with tomato, basil and mozzarella (but it also came doused with balsamic vinaigrette like the menu margarita pizza version).. It was okay, very small and not worth the price. We also each ordered a side Caesar salad.. Bland and no flavor. It took a while to get refills and our check (our server said he got sat with a 13 top...okay understandable), when we got our check it was wrong and we had to wait 10 mins more just to get him to come back to our table... Overall... I might come back but just to hang out at the bar.
2	Gone WAY DOWNHILL from where they used to stand! I've loved this place for years now - but the past three times I have gone I have had less than satisfying experiences  and errors- and after today's experience for my girlfriend's birthday - it was the last time I will ever give them my business:1. We called to confirm earlier in the week that they had 1/2 off bottles of wine on Sunday, were told they did and made plans thus, and then this offer was not available today. 2. The "Dirty Martini's" that were made for my girlfriends were horrible - the bar tender offered to exchange them for equal priced whisky shots then charged us 3 times as much for each one.3. We had to order our drinks two - maybe three times - with reminders to get them to the table finally.4. Our appetizer never arrived - despite two or three requests about it.5. Our first large pizza came out as a small.6. Our second large pizza came out and the first pizza we ordered was knocked to the floor.7. When we asked for our check we found that several of the items we had been told would be "comped" due to errors were actually on our ticket - including the appetizer we never received. The waiter seemed unable to resolve this due to a "computer system error".8. Slow service - all in all - and the manager never came out to speak to us - he left it entirely in the hands of the waiter - who while he appeared to be doing his best with nothing - was unable to take care of us in the way a professional business should. Only giving this place 2 stars over 1 star because the pizza is very good - but the errors and management has made it where I must refuse on grounds of honor to ever return. Sad indeed - back in 2010 I would have given Revolution 5 stars but today it's lucky to get 2 from me.
3	Tried Revolution out a few years ago and didn't have the greatest experience... they were out of feta cheese and the crust to topping area of my pizza was WAY to high.Fortunately, the Living Social gods saw fit for me to give them a second try by offering up a coupon. $15 for $30 worth of food.We sat on the patio deck which was pretty nice, setting sun and warm breeze, ahhhh.Our server was super sweet, but had no idea what the hell she was doing. I felt like I had to hold her hand through taking our order and give her a pat on the back when she fixed the things she botched up. I don't know if she was new or just an airhead, but I couldn't hold it against her because she seemed sweet.My boyfriend and I settled on the bruschetta appetizer and a large pizza with feta, kalamata olives, and oven roasted tomatoes  (they don't have sun dried).The appetizer was decent. Small and a little salty. Not the best bruschetta I've had, but not the worst either. Don't regret the choice, but probably wouldn't order it again.The pizza was also decent. Like my first visit, the crust ratio was a little too high for my taste and a little to hard/chewy but the rest of the pizza was delicious!
1	not good.
4	Good customer service, clean, and nice location. I had the caprese salad and it was amazing! Also had a bite of the Greek salad and taste of the tomato bisque, both of which were very tasty. Price was really reasonable and I would go back.
3	Amended review, I should have calmed down before I wrote and published the first one.Food is ok,  great beer selection. management needs a lesson in customer service though.     If I call in an order using the menu I find online and when I get there it is double what I thought it was going to be based on the numbers I saw online,    Do you freaking think there is a problem there?????The managements excuse?   "Thats an old menu, our online prices are subject to change.  We are not Revolution Pizza anymore, we are Revolution Ale House"Imo I just think the old menu online should not be online anymore to avoid any and all confusion.  Seems like that could be an easy fix.Oh yeah, and no he did not offer to give me a discount on the food based on the companies complete error in advertising.      So even though the food is so so, and I do love the marinara, and even though the beer selection is fantastic, since the managements idea of keeping the customer happy is so pathetically twisted,  I wont be going back.Visit was on July 30th 4pm.update-   I went back. 8pm on weds  I had to use my living social coupon before it expired.   Calamari was the same as I remembered,   freaking awesome.  I personally prefer the breading here than at Crazy Fish, but a good bud of mine will say I dont know what I am talking about.     Crazy Fish breading is southern in nature but Revolution adds a bit more black pepper to theirs which to me makes it all the more better.      I still stand by my opinion that something needs to be done about the discrepancy on the web, or management should be more apt to making things right when the mistake is pointed out.   I am the first to admit my shortcomings and this time around I flew off the handle and bitched and cussed and should not have.   Instead I should have chilled and waited a bit before I shot off a review.That is all,   back to your normally scheduled programming.
3	I don't understand how I have eaten here more than once.  I hate to be cruel but with so many other fantastic finds in NoDa (Jack Beagles and Cabo Fish Taco being my faves), I don't know why my friends have forced me to eat here.  I am Italian and very picky about my pizza.  It's nothing short of Digornio, in my opinion. I have tried other things, but due to their lack of impression I cannot tell you what they were.  Again, maybe I'm just being a pizza snob but its nothing anyone is missing.  But since its the only pizza joint in NoDa, they don't have a lot of options. Poor NoDites. :(
4	Went to Revolution for beer and a little bit of dinner.  Impressed with the beer options and found the servers attentive and helpful. I'd definitely recommend the Tuesday beer specials because you can try two for the regular cost of one.  Tried the curry kabob, which was messy but good with the beers.The restaurant was noisy but it seemed to be enthusiastic dinner groups, which I take to be a good thing.
2	Closest restaurant to Neighborhood Theater but walk the extra yards to better as the wings and pizza were less than average.
3	I was sadly disappointed by this place.  We sat outside and the table we were sat at was pretty disappointing.  It just seemed old and rickety.  We ordered two pizzas to share between three.  Both were all right.  One was a little soupy, and overall I was sadden to find a place I thought would be so good was quite disappointing.  The one thing they got for them was the day we went in on Thursday was 3 dollars for all of their drafts which they have a very large selection of including many local beers.
4	I love Revolution pizza.....great food, great beer, great location. Drinks:They have drink specials posted by the bar. There is always $3 wells and then the beers change around. They have a pretty decent list of microbrews....slightly pricey but you pay for what you get. If you wanna pay $2, get a Bud Light :)Food:So being the only pizza place in Noda, we frequent this place a good bit. I personally would not go here and order some plain cheese and pepperoni pizza. They are known for their specialty pizzas! I think the NODA is the best on the menu (pulled pork with a balsamic reduction). Last week we got Revolution and, while it was delicious, the garlic sauce was a little too much!Location:Great location in Noda!! If there is a wait, go hop to a bar in the area! The parking, as it is Noda, is not the best. We always just park on the side of the road somewhere.Service:The service here is pretty good. Never really had any issues at all....though, I am not the pickiest of people. One time I ordered a beer they had on special and they were out...I then proceeded to order another beer on special and the waiter came back saying they were out. Then, he just told me to order any beer on the menu and he would charge me like it was the special. That was nice and appropriate. Overall, we will definitely continue coming back!
2	Don't go here for football. I'm new in town saw the come in we have NFL ticket sign I thought I found a place to watch my team. Two quarters into the game the manager changed the game said sorry we have six people at the bar that want to watch a different game and the TVs are connected. Bear in mind Im sitting in the back room. So we took the bill and left. Too bad this won't be a place for me on Sunday.
2	Decent food. Great beer. Service Is HORRIBLE. Cheers! 15 mins to get beer order. Not busy at all. Waiter dropped off beers and left. We sat with stupid looks on our faces wondering where is he. Went to bar saw him propped on bar doing nothing. Asked to take order. He said, "where are you guys sitting?" LOL.
3	Revolution Pizza is located in a nice, older brick building with an awesome outdoor patio in NoDa. I prefer to go during the summer when you can sit outside. There is a decent selection of local and craft beers and a good selection of different pizzas, sandwiches, appetizers, etc. I have been a couple of times before events in the area, and the food has been good on all visits. Prices are a bit on the high side for what you get, but still fair considering the location. Overall a good, solid choice if you are in the area.
4	I really love the pizza at Revolution. Both times I've been, it's been delicious. The service is slower than I would like, but the  pizza and beer options make it worth it. Looking toward to going back in warmer months and sitting outside.
5	Decided to go with my favorite specialty pizza "Chicken Bacon Ranch." They actually use pancetta instead of bacon which was a very nice touch. After 2 bites I knew....best specialty pizza I've ever tasted. So flavorful. I'm a true southerner and dip everything in ranch and even their ranch was unique and delicious. They have over 40 beers on tap including local and seasonal. Will definitely be back for pizza and beer!
3	Good craft beer selection, good food.I hear the pizza is good, we had the calzones & they were alright. They poured garlic butter over them, had to dab that off, but then they were still a little mushy. I'll try slices next time. The carrot cake martini was delicious!
3	I visited Revolution on a Monday night (1-13-14, to be exact) with my friend and her father. I chose this place because it was the remaining restaurant that I had yet to try in NoDa and I was in the mood for pizza. As you would expect for a Monday evening, the restaurant was pretty sparse.I ordered the Margherita pizza, my friend ordered the Guacamole pizza, and her dad ordered the veggie calzone. The pizzas we ordered were made with a very thin crust (not a personal favorite) but the flavors of the margherita pizza were great especially thanks to the balsamic reduction added to it! The only thing is, halfway throughout my eating, my pizza got cold. I think it was a combination of the cool air inside and the thin crust.I had a taste of the veggie calzone and consider it something that I'll order on my next go-round.With it being pretty empty, I found the service to be quite slow. Our waitress was perfectly nice but the time between ordering & receiving our meals was kind of ridiculous.All in all, it's a decent spot for specialty pizza. I also hope to try out their beer specials for my next trip.
3	Calamari is fresh and I was surprised how damn good it was last time.  I was thinking it was the beer buzz but nope, it's the the fresh calamari.  Get the Founders breakfast stout or the BOSS Aces & Ates.  GOFORTHEBREWHAS
3	We were excited to have our first experience in NoDa - Brought the In-Laws from California - And were excited to try some of the multitude of beer options at Revolution and see the style of NoDa. But honestly and I work in the service industry, so I hate giving poor reviews, but we were underwhelmed.  We went in through the front doors and were just completely overtaken by a stench in the place - Combination burnt pizza and spilled beer. I mean I guess if you know what you're expecting, take this with a grain of salt - But really it just turned us off to ordering any food, and we sat outside.  We ordered a couple flights and a pitcher - And those were fantastic, beer was good server was nice. But after just walking into the place we didn't even want to try the food - It looked dirty and smelled worse.
2	Worst cold Italian sandwich ever. 3 pieces of thin meat with a thick, cold bun. Waste of $8. Good ranch dressing though.
4	This gem is a great find. I first visited Revolution when going to a Third Eye Blind concert across at The Neighborhood Theatre - and I'm glad I did.The Appetitzers to try:Chicken Curry KabobsGarlic KnotsBruschettaSandwiches:Rev ChickenPizza:Pulled Pork & Cracked EggAvocado, prosciutto, and Sausage
4	Excellent beer menu (cant beat $3 NC beer night on Tuesdays). We had the Revolution pizza (basically a supreme pizza) and it was also excellent. The only loss of a star was for a couple small misses (forgot to put in an appitizer in and also missed the removal of a few ingredient changes requested) by the server. Also, the decor inside feels boring and dated.
2	90 million beers on tap but only one cider (and no gluten-free beers). Doesn't compute! I know that Charlotte is a beer town, but no options for those of us who can't tolerate normal beer? Patio was insanely loud. The food was a complete yawner and not at all cheap. Other than that, staff seems incredibly nice and were very accommodating.
4	I came here for lunch on a Sunday with my mother in law. We opted to sit outside as it was a gorgeous day. It was nice on the porch because they have fans and it was covered so even though it was hot it wasn't unbearable. There were a lot of folks there with their dogs so if you aren't into animals you might wanna sit inside. They have a huge beer selection which was awesome, we each had a beer and then opted to order two appetizers. We ordered the toasted ravioli and then also the calamari. Both were delicious but the toasted ravioli was my favorite of the two. The dipping sauce for both was the same and it was good, not an overwhelming taste like some marinaras can be. I can't wait to go back and sample their pizza.
4	The pizza here is awesome.  The crust is chewy and the toppings are fresh.  The grilled pizza is ridiculous also, and the appetizers are solid, but what gets me here every time is the BEER!  They have a pretty extensive rotating tap list and they do a Brewery of the Month (which was Blue Mountain when we went, YUM!).
4	I have been back and forth on whether or not to love Revolution. Usually, I am there when they are about to close and the staff is unenthusiastic and the food is just ok. However, when I tried it earlier in the evening, it was pretty fantastic. The crust was chewy with just enough crunch to the edges. The toppings tasted fresh and there was plenty of cheese on the slices as well. The only hiccup was when I ordered a sour peach beer that they had just gotten in, it was warm. They good naturedly traded it in for a cold red ale instead. Overall, I was happy with my experience and would return.
5	Love this place! Their pizza is amazing and they have great gluten free options. My sister has celiacs, so this part is important to me. We love starting out with the house chips (the homemade ranch and blue cheese are so good) and usually get pizzas. The gluten free crust is good, and the regular crust is awesome! One of our favorites.
3	So glad this wasn't our first visit to Revolution because we should have left. Except...our server Chris went to great effort to try and "save" our experience. We went for girls night traveling from South Charlotte and walked into a sauna. Apparently they were having problems with their AC. The hostess told us that the back room wasn't too bad so we decided to stay. We were bothered the entire time by unexplained Nats buzzing around us during our entire meal. They were beyond annoying as we tried to swat them away throughout our meal! yuck! Chris was very helpful with us selecting beer and even brought us samples to try. Unfortunately, our beer was not cold at all! Chris said it was due to the AC issue and they were having trouble keeping the kegs cold. Taking our first sip of warm beer was so disappointing! Again, we should have left but Chris was trying to accommodate us and brought glasses of ice we could set our beers in to help make them colder. Nice thought, but it didn't work.  Thank goodness our pizza arrived quickly. We got the Ogre which was fantastic! One of the most unusual and delicious pizzas I have had! It's a white pizza with prosciutto, avocado  and a cracked egg on top! YUM!!We will return again since we've had good experiences in the past, but in the future....don't even attempt to serve warm beer to your customers!
4	I'm moving to Charlotte soon, and I came here with my wife when I was in town for job interviews. We were promptly seated, and our server was really friendly. There's a great selection of beers on tap, and I was happy to see that Bell's Two Hearted Ale was available. We ordered some garlic knots, and they were great. Our pizza was excellent. We'll be back for sure once we move.
1	Me and my girlfriend went here to try and grab a quick dinner around 7:30 at night. We were seated immediately by a friendly hostess, but then sat there for 20 minutes with no one coming over to even great us or take our drink orders. The place was more than half empty and at least three waitresses walked by our table multiple times and would just smile at us and then continue to walk. I was a waiter for 7 years so I understand that sometimes one gets weeded and things get lost in the shuffle but this was not the case here and 20 minutes is entirely too long even if the place was packed. Absolutely no excuse for the horrific service. Will not be back.
4	A solid 4. I have been here a few times and it's generally really good.The artisan menu has some unique items that you wouldn't find at any ordinary pizza shop. The extensive beer selection ups my rating too. Lots of local craft selections.It's in a convenient location in a cute old house from the Victorian era. This alone would entice me to go here if I walked past it on the street. The ambiance is golden.The pizza pies are a good size: large but no huge. The toppings are awesome. They supposedly serve truffle oil as a topping but they were out of it when I was there.The few negatives: wait times can get lengthy and the pizza can get expensive especially if you're choosing the build your own option....each topping is a whopping $2.Bartenders are great but the waitstaff isn't incredible. We had to remind our waitress to bring a few items and we did not get our margarita pitcher we ordered with drinks until the end of dinner. Otherwise this place would be a five star rating!
4	You can never go wrong with pizza and beer (one has to make an effort to screw it up, granted some have). They have a great selection of beer and a variety of different pizzas to choose from. One can also create their own, but I went with the pig meat one. When the weather is nice, I recommend sitting outside, which I did. My pizza was good and the service was fine.
2	First impression, well this place looks cool. Nice outdoor seating on the corner intersection in NoDa where you can get some good people watching in, and you can bring your dog. Pros: Food! I had the wedge salad, delish! I loved the giant candied pecans. I also had the chicken wings in sweet and spicy. Didn't disappoint at all. Decent beer selection.Cons: Holy crap it was hot as hell in there, I know it wasn't just me because on the way to bathroom (where there was NO AC) there was a hand written sign on the thermostat that said please don't touch. As if a patron once took it upon themselves to help everyone out and turn it down. The service was okay. Luckily we weren't in a hurry.
3	Been here several times over the past three years and it's steadily declined in service and quality. I will say i was cheerfully greeted and several people apologized for the wait (which wasn't long for a Friday night, and didn't bother us at all). However, our sever was lackluster to put it best and I don't think he smiled even once! That's fine though, what really stunk was my calzone- undercooked and raw :( I had them put it back in the oven for a bit which did the trick, but our server just gave a casual "sorry" and that was it. I've never had a problem with taste and atmosphere until this recent visit- sadly, I don't think I'll be coming back for a while.
3	Revolution Ale House has all the makings of a good place, but it somehow just didn't really hit the mark for me. The wings were pretty good, though I only had the garlic parmesan, and they came as part of a beer and wings deal (half a dozen wings with a beer for $10). The crust was the best crust I've had from a restaurant pizza in a long time. The ingredients seemed like they were pretty fresh, but the combination of the ingredients together--at least in my pizza--didn't deliver as much as I'd hoped. I had the ogre, which came as a recommendation from the waitress. I pretty much would've eaten the crust with the sauce that came with the garlic knots, but everything else was kinda unerseasoned and less-than-satisfying. I probably should've done what another member of our party did and just ordered the wings. The service also left much to be desired. I understand that we had a big group (8 people), and there were two more that came way later. The waitress was very, very nice and was cheerful, and we liked her overall. However, it wasn't busy and there were a few things that we had to ask for several times. I don't think I've ever been to a place where I waited 10+ minutes for my beer to come out. We sat there for over 20 minutes before the garlic knots made an appearance. We had to ask for water several times (but she was pretty good about asking if we wanted more beer), and everything else moved a little too slow (not the waitress' fault, I know, but it's counted as part of service). It's an ok place, but with the other offerings available in Charlotte, it's hard to see myself making a point to return.
3	Met the gals here for a pre-concert dinner.  Outdoor seating was full, so we sat  on the glassed in veranda.  Sun was  hitting me in the eye like a big pizza pie, so our server kindly adjusted the blinds.My friends were thrilled with the seasonal beer list.  I got a glass of Chardonnay, which suited me just fine.I ordered the falafel wrap.  It came well stuffed and with some potato chips that appeared to be homemade.  A sprinkle of salt, and they were good.  The wrap was either one very big one divided in two, or two separate ones.  It was fine, but a little more flavor would have been appreciated.I would love to come back and try their pizza.  My friends enjoyed the ones that they ordered.  And service was so efficient that we made our concert on time.
4	Everything is made from scratch and delicious . Over 40 beers on tap and not a frown in the house :) the best patio in Noda too
4	We have been to this place several times and it never disappoints us! I love the freshly made pizza dough & hand picked ingredients! The authentic food is why we keep returning and not to mention the homemade ranch dressing is the best!!!They also serve locally brewed beer, but you can also order other types of beer & drinks they have a full bar! The atmosphere is great laid back with outdoor sitting! The staff is really nice along with great service!!I recommend if you come to NoDa check out this spot - you can't go wrong!!
3	Place seems pretty understaffed... Went around dinner time and place didn't seem too packed out. After standing around for awhile some leggy kid comes up and "yeah uh we are on like a 15 minute wait" just kind of fell out of the side of his mouth. Sucks. I wanted pizza.
4	The bartenders are very knowledgable about  their beer and provide really helpful tips. I wouldn't recommend this place if you are Miller Lite (or similar)- cost is the same as their craft beers.  Their pizza dough is great, toppings are fresh, wide selection. Only thing is, I'm a sauce person. I like a lot of red sauce on my pizza. They are not heavy with their sauce. Random- their homemade potato chips are great. Also, consider stopping by for trivia Wednesday nights- low tech, but fun.
3	Great pizza!  Awesome beer selection. Worst  service I've had in years!  I think our waiter (Gabe) was so busy flirting with another waitress that he forgot he's at work. No water refills, wanted to order another beer but he never came by, salad was late, no dressing, never checked back in. Would have left no tip but I waited tables in college so we left 10%. It was generous!
5	Best pizza in Charlotte, tons of beer on tap.  Service can be meh but who cares about that when you have homemade ranch in your face.
