4	Babbo's here is Far East Mesa opened on Monday. With that being said - we arrived tonight around 6:00 to a packed house!We were seated promptly and our waiter arrived within a few minutes for drink orders. The wine and alcohol list was long. We settled for sodas and tea. We were than brought a basket if bread with oil and balsamic. Wonderful, warm and fresh.The kids and I ordered the traditional cheese pizza. The pizza was not greasy or over cooked. The sauce was flavorful but not too rich. Hubby had chicken fettuccine and the portion was large. See photos. He said it was one of the best he has had. Bathrooms were very nice and seemed well kept.The only thing I saw that will need some work is keeping an eye on drinks (refills) when they are very busy. The manager walked by and realized 3 out of 4 drinks were empty and quickly filled them. Overall we will be back! I really enjoyed the dinner and service was good. Hoping they have a successful business and around a long time.
5	We ate here yesterday.  It's new to the East Valley, but come to find out they have 6 locations.  I was expecting an Italian fast food restaurant, but instead walked in to find  a very nice ambiance with a full bar, not to shabby wine menu, and loads of wonderful sounding meals.  The wait staff were all very friendly and attentive, which is high on my review check list.They immediately serve you warm flatbread with olive oil & basalmic dip, it was a nice plus.  I had the lunch special with Mushroom & Asparagus pasta with a Mista Salad.  The salad was great, lots of ingredients with a vinaigrette dressing and the pasta had a nice flavored cream sauce.  I'd definitely order this again, except for the fact that there are some many other options on the menu that sounds delicious, I want to try them all.My husband ordered the Meatball Sandwich with Pasta Salad.  The sandwich was served on a flatbread and the meatballs were very flavorful.  My husband thought it was delicious and would also order it again.We had enough leftover to have for dinner that night.  The meals averaged $10, a great value for the money.  I'm so excited to have a new place in the area that has great food and gives you the option to have a glass of wine or beer with your meal.  Check it out, I don't think you'll regret it.
5	Always hesitant to try new restaurants, but we decided to give it a try today for lunch!  We were pleasantly surprised!  Everything is reasonably priced, fresh and delish!  I had the Italiano sandwich and substituted regular tomatoes with the Bruschetta tomatoes on it, and it was SOOOO good! My husband had the Prime Rib sandwich, and said it was awesome!  I had the red Sangria, which was wonderful!  Our waiter, a younger gentleman surprised us with his knowledge for wines, and was very refreshing, considering most kids these days could give a crap, and don't know the menu, let alone the wines!  Highly recommend this place, very clean, and well decorated.  Can't wait to return for dinner and try out the pasta, pizza, and the patio!  It's so nice to have a great italian restaurant in the area, I truly hope that it stays at the standard that's it's at now, it's so sad to see places go downhill after they've been open for awhile. My only criticism is that they had paper menus taped up on the window outside, and it looked really tacky, hopefully it's just a temporary fix until a more permanent solution is found.
5	New area so it's super busy; however, they handled the rush very well. The food was great. Try the fried ravioli.
5	This place was a breath of fresh air.My wife had the pancetta and brussels sprouts pasta and I had the chicken chipotle pasta. Both were deliciously prepared. The range of Italian dishes on the menu was was absolutely wonderful from pizza to pastas to sandwiches. We will definitely come here again.
5	A  new place caught my eye, so I did what any good Yelper would do, I looked for  reviews on Yelp of course! That did it, the rave reviews convinced me that this is a place worth checking out for myself! It's a sexy little restaurant tucked in an unexpected spot and lucky for me it's on my side of town, East Side! The decor was beautiful, I wanted to take the chandelier home to put in my own kitchen, but it was too big to fit in my purse, jk . So on with the more important subject, the food! It was fabulous, wish I could speak Italian so it sould sound as wonderful as it tasted! My daughter got the children's Mac & Cheese and it looked so good we all tried a bite. I had the Curry chicken and pear pasta, amazing.so good that the leftovers I planned on taking to work the next day I ate that same night. I also tried my son's Chicken Chipotle & pasta and his Dad's Chicken Limone, all so yummy! Our server was Dean and he was prompt & curteous and funny, he brought me my "diet whatever drink with lemon" and kept my glass full. The portions were filling and more and the prices were affordable! I'm definitely going back, there are so many things on the menu that I want to try. Next time it is dessert first! I'm  in love with Babbo Italian Eatery, it's definitely Amore!
2	Mesa LocationWe placed a take out order tonight.  We waited the recommended 20 minutes before driving  to pick up our food (we live right down the street). When my wife arrived, she was told the order would be ready in about 5-7 minutes.  My wife decided to add desserts to our order while she was waiting and was assured this would not affect the order.  Staff and hostess were courteous and attentive.  The inside of the restaurant looked nice and was well presented.  Our food experience...Spaghetti and meatballs - The sauce was under seasoned - lacking pronounced flavor. I wanted to taste the garlic, basil, oregano.  Meatballs were unremarkable, dense and without great flavor. Calzone - My wife's Calzone was burned on the top.  Inside was a glob of cheese with ingredients that were not distributed properly inside the Calzone.  Quoting my wife - "I had to dig to find the pepperoni and sausage.  The crust of the Calzone had a "doughy"  texture. Fettuccine Alfredo - My son got the Alfredo with Chicken added.  He said it was okay. Given our first experience, we are inclined not to order online or frequent this establishment.
5	This is actually my second trip to Babbo Italian Eatery. We ventured in last night on the recommendation of a friend and we were not disappointed. I had checked out the website and saw that there were other locations, so I figured it had to be decently good, and the prices were reasonable. I was expecting it to be at least on par with Olive Garden, but boy was I wrong. It's way better, and less expensive to boot. (granted, you don't get the salad, but I wasn't missing it)For starters, the bread they serve is addictive. It's baked fresh and topped with salt pepper, Italian herbs, and red onion. Add to it the olive oil and balsamic vinegar and I can't get enough. For my entree, I had the Italian Sausage dish, which was loaded with sausage, peppers and mushrooms in a red sauce served over penne. The sausage was spicy, but flavorful - the way it should be. The service was great, and even though it was really busy, we didn't feel forgotten. Once we had ordered our meal, the next thing we knew, the waiter was bringing us our food. That was surprising. It was piping hot and loaded with flavor. I was looking forward to leftovers the next day, even though there wasn't much.Tonight, I had the Stuffed Manicotti, which comes with either the Italian sausage or portobello mushroom ragu. I ended up getting the Italian sausage and had them add the mushroom (I'm a sucker for both). I cannot even begin to tell you how good it was. All I can say is I have found my new home for casual Italian eating.With their excellent food, awesome service, elegant ambiance, and great prices, I will be back to explore more of their tantalizing menu. Living within biking distance doesn't hurt either. ;)
5	We've been to Babbo's twice.  We liked it the first time and liked it even better the second time.  Luckily, we had the same waiter, Dean, both times.  First time we had pasta dinners that were great and the second  time we sat outside and had happy hour items - Dean took the time to answer all our questions about what the appetizers were - we had Firecracker Rolls and Stuffed Portobello mushrooms- both appetizers were fantastic.  To us, service is a big deal, and that was one of the best things about Babbo's - we will be back with  friends and will definitely ask for Dean to be our server!  Great to have a place like this place in the East Valley.
2	My wife and I went here for the first time on Super Bowl Sunday. Expecting it to be crowded, we were pleasantly surprised that there were only 8-10 people in the whole restaurant. We were seated immediately and our server brought water and warm bread with plain olive oil and a splash of balsamic vinegar. No spices, just oil and vinegar. The bread was tasty, but the vinegar overpowered the plain olive oil. We ordered and the food came out relatively fast. I had the Chicken Marsala with fresh seasonal vegetables. The chicken was way overcooked and the vegetables were actually burnt, black and crispy. There was no marsala sauce and everything was over salted. My wife had the flank steak salad, which is described as med-med well doneness on the menu. It was very well done also. She described the dressing as watery and fairly tasteless. I was so disappointed in the food after watching this place go up over the last months. I was hoping for something hip and casual in the Italian market to add to our minimal choices this far out in the E Valley......sadly that is not the case. The building is a modern design and they have a wonderful patio. I hop that they can hire a better cook, because if they don't, I'm afraid they will not be around very long. And $10 Italian margaritas?? Come on!
4	So very glad we decided to stop for dinner after a quick trip to the Hobby Lobby. We have been looking for a Italian place to compete with the Pastafina in Granbury, Texas. We shared a very good roasted Brussels Sprouts & Beets salad that would have been perfect with just a few more sprouts and beets. The bread could have been a touch more done. The olive oil and a splash of balsamic vinegar for the bread was ok. The Pasta Primavera with spaghetti instead of Linguine and added shrimp was right up there with the Pastafina's Veal Albanese. I really wanted to give them a five and most certainly will be returning to see if they make these small correction.
5	Wow this was a delicious surprise! My hubby and I started our date night driving around looking for a place without an hour+ wait and found ourselves at Bobbos. We had been curious about it and although it was busy, the friendly hostess had us seated within 15 min! I'm a sucker for a good classic cocktail and was so happy to see such an assortment of interesting drinks. I had the Moscow Mule and was excited that they served it in a traditional copper mug. Excellent!!Now on to the food...yum, yum, and more yum! I could have made a meal on the bread alone--warm, melt in your mouth, and served with a balsamic, olive oil concoction that was perfect. We ordered Caesar salads, which were lovely, though the plate itself could've been bigger because it was hard to keep everything on the plate--or maybe I shouldn't eat so fast! Our entrees were absolutely delicious. I had such a hard time choosing because of the variety of the pastas and pizzas. My hubby ordered the cacciatore pasta--tender chicken, sweet peppers in a zesty sauce on linguini--he loved it. I had the garlic shrimp with a delicious cream sauce with mushrooms and sundries tomatoes. Add the bread to sop up the goodness and they had one happy couple.Cannot say enough how perfect this restaurant was. The ambience, friendly staff, cozy booths and of course the food, started our date night beautifully. We will definitely be back!
5	Just drove by & stopped in to give it a try. Had the personal pan pizza, tomato, basil & goat cheese. It was awesome. Service was prompt & very friendly. I'm looking forward to taking my wife here because of the cozy atmosphere. Loved it.
5	A trendy, upscale"ish" restaurant on the east side? Finally! Loved the food, loved the decor. Now just needs some a clientele under 60 ;')
4	Great place in the extreme east valley with class and ambience. So tired of having to drive to Scottsdale to have real italian food. Though, there are places I would still drive to, we won't mention in this review! I had the personal pizza with mushrooms, pepperoni and suasage with a ceasar salad.  I agree the little plate needs to replaced with a bowl or larger plate, it tends to spill out on to the table no matter how hard you try to keep it on the plate. The pizza tasted like it was from a brick oven it was rustic and tasted great! It was hot and made fresh. And yes the bread they bring to the table is fabulous! I love that bread buttery and garlicy, is that a word? Anyway delish!! They have an array of sandwiches, pastas, pizza and appetizers. I will be back to try more things on the menu. My mom had the spaghetti and meatballs and was pressed to   finish it, she took it home and the waiter wrapped some fresh bread for her to take with her and called her a special person! That got me, she is 82 and loves italian food! I will be back!
4	Stumbled on this establishment running errands and glad we did. Friendly staff and very good food. Had chipolte chicken pasta and it was very good. Next time I must try the pizza. Great ambience, value and location.
5	Awesome service, awesome food, and awesome environment!We had a party of 18 on a Saturday night.  With our big group we had 1 server, he did a great job and taking care of us.  I got the Creamy Garlic Chicken, my favie!
2	Seriously slow!!! Been here 20 minutes and not even our drinks.  Waitress hasn't smiled and no salad.  Finally got our very weak drinks. The short bourbon and diet is in a rocks glass no room for liquor much less diet coke.  Finally got my salad. A ceasar instead of garden. No offer to exchange server just ran off.  Fastest I've seen anyone move all night. Ok I'll eat it. Very small. 4 bucks and hardly a handfull of lettuce. I ordered a13 dollar plate of pasta and had to pay for a fist full of salad?? Realy?? And the wrong salad At that.  Bread came but if you don't ask for butter you won't get it.   Entree came. 3 Mac and cheese 1 Brussels sprout and pasta.  Food is suprisingly good.  80 bucks for entrees 1 tiny salad ice tea and 2 well drinks. I could have had steak  And got way better service and a some atmosphere.  Next time I will.  Did I tell you the cieling is painted insulation. No?  Well it is.  With the money they are racking in on cheap pasta and very bottom of the line servers they should really fix the ceiling.  Won't be back and I'm a local.  Good luck when the snow birds bug out!
2	This place is hit or miss.  The first time we went on New Year's Eve when it was extremely busy.  They had run out of bread, and were making some other type of bread sticks, which were still fairly tasty.  We also ordered the Bruschetta Romano and they brought out toasted baguettes with a side of marinara sauce.  The when asked about it, the waiter tried to act like he didn't know, but then came back and apologized that it wasn't correct.  I had the Supremo Alfredo which was good, my husband didn't care for his entree too much.  They did have a nice bar selection of beer, wine and well drinks.  We have since been back several times both for take-out and dine-in.  I think it is over-priced for what you get.  I would expect nicer napkins and tables for the price range.  It is more like a cafe type setting, with nicer resaurant prices. Their pizza isn't bad.  We often times will get take-out for pizza.  The last time my husband went to place an order for take-out, there was a lot of people in the front area waiting for seats.  One customer had a child on lying on the take-out counter which totally is unacceptable.  This is where food is being placed for pick-up?  My husband waited for a few minutes and when no one acknowledged his presence or asked the man and his child to move off of the counter, my husband decided we would do Fire House Subs instead.  Will we try it again?  Probably... it may be awhile though.  Maybe I will chalk it up to them being a new business and needing to get the kinks worked out.
3	Just okay, nothing to write home about, basically fast food Italian, as long as that all you expect then it delivers.
2	I was excited to see a different restaurant going in besides the regular chain types since I live within walking distance and there isn't much diversity in dining in the area.  I walked over for lunch one day and took a seat at the bar.  I decided to try a lunch special of pizza and salad as this seemed to be the most economical option.  First I ordered an Ice Tea and remarked about the cheesy plastic Coca-Cola drink ware (to me it just didn't fit the atmosphere) flippantly the bartender says, "well that's what we always have used and no one else has a problem with it".  As for the food it's nothing special, bland and uninspiring.  Basic salad and the pizza was mostly bread short on toppings.  I thought I would go back for another try but haven't felt the urge.  The Snowbirds seem to love the place so we'll if Babbo's can survive the summer without them, the locals don't seem to be impressed.
4	We first experienced BABBO's Tempe location 2 years ago when my wife and I were celebrating our 18th anniversary. Soon after that, we found out that the Mesa location would be opening soon. (This was great because it's only 4 miles from my house) Since the Mesa store opened, we have been there NO less than twice a month. Most businesses do well with great food. This store has not just great food, but the staff is the friendliest, most dedicated staff I have ever witnessed working together. On our most recent visit to the Mesa location, Aaron was our server, and did a great job taking care of us. The design and decor of the store is very inviting. Personally, if I am there in the evening, I love sitting on the patio as close to the fireplace as possible. Although the $5.99 Spaghetti and Meatballs is great to get people in the door for the first time, (And believe me, it's awesome!!!)  there are many other items that I have tried that are just as good, if not better. I really enjoy the Pasta Rustico (I add the shrimp and request extra garlic). My wife likes the Stuffed Manicotti (newer item) and the Three Cheese Mac & Cheese. Every time I go, there are 2-3 more items I add to my bucket list to try. SO MUCH PASTA.... SO LITTLE TIME!!!!!!Oh, and the Calzones......... MMMMmmmmmmmm!!!In short. If you have never experienced Babbo's, you need to. It's a great place to take your special someone, or a group of friends for a great dinner out.
4	I really love having this place nearby. It's yummy, with nice decor and the prices are not bad at all.
2	We were looking forward to another visit and sorry to say we wish we hadn't returned. They must have a new chef since nothing was even close to what we had on out first visit. The salads are now in thumb nail sized chunks. The pasta really el dente and everything has excessive amount of pepper. We got tired of waiting for the check and had to go up front and tell the person at the cash register that we didn't have a check to which he asked "Did you dine with us tonight". Guess he has a lot of people come up and tell him they haven't dined and still would like a check. We might go back and just stick to pizza and tell them NO pepper.
5	Love this place! The Oven roasted Brussels Sprouts and Pancetta pasta is soo good, actually everything we've had so far has been great. Our go to Italian place to eat.
5	Great food & great service. The staff was very attentive & the food was yummmmmy. I had the Mac & cheese & my husband had the pizza and we were both satisfied. I topped my dinner off with tiramisu and what a delight it was. They have great daily & happy hour deals. I can't wait to go again!
4	Really good fine (as I like it) spaghetti and decent sized meatballs.  Filling.Loved the focaccio and oil with balsamic vinegar best.  Tuesday night special is $5.99 and that's reasonable.  Drinks not cheap.  Coke is $2.75They're a little sparing with the napkins but an upmarket (for E. Mesa) date-night venue.
4	I came here several weeks ago, and overall was pretty impressed.  It's a very nice establishment with a huge menu, that is very reasonably priced for what you get.  My mom and I had pasta dishes, and they were both around $10 and for the amount of food I received and the quality, I was pretty impressed.  Also when I checked in on Foursquare, we received a free garlic spread.  That was sweet!!  I would have no problems going back here in the future.  Oh also, they have an open kitchen.  I love that aspect of restaurants.  You can see how clean the kitchen is.
4	I was very pleasantly surprised when I walked in. I guess I wasn't expecting a nice sit down restaurant. It exceeded my expectations in that regard. The server was great. Very attentive. The Palermo pizza was amazing. Buttery great crust, lots of cheese. The Sicilian pizza was very over cooked. The crust was harder and the toppings were chewy and hard. I would get the first pizza again and will be back to try more stuff. Great restaurant.
5	Visited this location for lunch today and boy was it wonderful. My Partner and I had Spaghetti and Meatballs and was very good. The bread and olive oil mix was very good as well. Our service was wonderful and staff was very friendly. This is going to be on my must eat places.
3	Went here because it was new, looked good, heard good things. Also was curious as to how to pronounce the name. (It's Bab-Oh) Anyways, food was good. Service was good. Atmosphere was good. Only giving it 3 stars because for what it was, it was pretty dang overpriced. Good food though.
5	We love this place! Quaint, clean, good food and great wine selection by the glass...must have the fried ravioli!
5	Good food, great prices, good service.
5	Definitely not your traditional Italian joint, but everything I've had so far is great and the staff is very personable and helpful.  The bar is good too!
4	Awesome place to eat!!  Great value!Yes, it can get busy ESPECIALLY DURING SNOWBIRD SEASON !!! Holy cow! Brace yourself!Their monday pasta specials are great and their service is just as good.Their bread is to die for !!'All i can say is BABBO gets it!
5	My wife and I eat here about once a month. It's one of our favorite places to eat. The food is delicious, prices reasonable, and the management is attentive. The homemade tiramisu is amazing btw. We are glad to have a great place to eat that is so close to our home.
2	Stopped for lunch with my wife and ordered the 12" pizza, garlic and meatball. Not the worst i ever had, but sure brought it to mind! Very dry, no oil, marinara or other lubricant... sort of like a piece of cardboard with some very dark brown meatball (about 1/8" thick) sliced on it. Flavor not even passable, we ate only half of it and brought the rest home (for whatever reason) and promptly threw it away. Iced tea was $2.75 each, total bill close to $20. Won't eat here again, at least won't order the pizza! When we questioned the waiter, he answered that they had just changed the ingredients, was sorry but no comp or discount. $20 wasted.
5	Awesome food- we decided to do a bunch of appetizers and split a large salad and everything was so good we are going back next week to try the pasta.  Our waiter provided great service and so glad we found this place.
5	Best meal my wife and I have had since we moved from Boston, the spicy toasted ravioli with sausage was great! Wife had the classic chicken Cesar, lunch size portion she couldn't finish, meatball panini was made on two fresh rolls, meatballs were tender and light. Cannot wait to go back for dinner!
4	Babbo is probably your best bet when looking for a good sit down Italian establishment on the east side.  The first time I drove past it, I was thrown by the name, and wondered if I would ever eat there. Then after reading reviews on yelp, I took my girlfriend there for the first time. We drank (awesome) dark ale pints from the tap, and had the bruschetta trio to start, then both ordered pasta dishes. Both were awesome - full of delicious flavor and neither of us had any complaints. The decor is modern, and classy - but still feels comfortable ; like I don't need to dress up or pay a huge bill at the end of the evening. With three beers between us, two entrees and a appetizer I think we spend a little over $50. In my opinion, for the experience and food that is a great deal.  This second time we went in, they were not as busy - and I had the spicy Alfredo. It had a bit too much spice, but I love spicy food.  For an appetizer we had the pesto bruschetta. The pizza we ordered (Roma) was delicious, and light on the pallet.  She had the steak and pesto pasta and seemed to enjoy it as well. Again, out the door for around $55, with three delicious entrees and an appetizer & drinks. Not bad, and we both enjoy the place so I'm sure we will be back again and maybe make ourselves regulars if things remain consistent. I take away one star because the wait staff knowing we were a young couple enjoying a romantic evening placed screaming kids a couple of booths down with seating open everywhere. Made a reservation the first time for two without problems, but the second time they told me they would only make reservations for four or more.  Also one star because you have to pack your own leftovers - that should be the staffs' job, not mine - for that is indicative of a lower class establishment.
4	Ok so I gave them a second chance and it was much better.  Went at 2:30 on a Saturday afternoon.  Had the lunch special.  Perfect amount of pasta with a salad. Pasta was great, salad was a little soggy but next time I'll just order dressing on the side because it was very tasty, but just a bit to much.  Waiter was friendly and timely.  Had the spinach Gorgonzola, husband had some sandwich and he loved it.  I plan on going back next Saturday at the same time and try another lunch special.  Gonna work my way through the menu.  Just not at dinner time  when the snowbirds are here. Oh, and the first time we went they had fuccacha bread with balsamic and olive oil except they didn't use olive oil, this time they did and it was wonderful.  Yum!
4	I am so glad this place is now close to Apache Junction! I absolutely adore the food. Everything I've had is delicious, I really love the pick 3 bruschetta option! The wait staff is always really nice too!
5	Great food, every time we eat here we're never disappointed! The pizza has a thin delicious crust and the pasta tastes homemade and very fresh. Love the olive oil and balsamic they serve with the bread. Nine bucks for the lunch combo for either pasta and salad or pizza and salad. Would definitely recommend it!
5	This place is an incredible well-kept secret, until now. As good as any Italian restaurant anywhere. Unpretentious, inexpensive, awesome happy hours, unbelievable shrimp fra diavolo pasta dish. Also, I don't know who the bartender is or even WHERE he/she is, but that person makes some of the best and BIGGEST happy hour $5 martinis I've ever seen. Did I say inexpensive? Incredibly inexpensive!
3	This is a cozy little place, set up in a perfect spot for a restaurant, for it is surrounded by a few fast food joints. No one wants fast food all the time, so this nice little addition to this busy complex in this area, it is perfect! This is not a huge restaurant; it's more of a smaller, cozy, relaxing kind of place. I never go here during the dinner or lunch rush, for it can get quite busy, coming here later in the evening is usually better. I enjoyed their chicken alfredo with a nice glass of Moscato while a friend of mine enjoyed one of their cold sandwiches. The food came out pretty quick and the service was really good. The food was decent, not the best but not the worst, I think the alfredo could have had a little more flavor to the sauce, but it wasn't bad. It's a different place to eat and if im in the area im sure ill go back.
4	Cute place. Our first time here.  They start out by giving you fresh bread and olive oil w/balsamic vinegar for dipping.  Yum!  Rob had a bacon and pepperoni pizza,  had a meatball calzone.  Very good, light and fresh.  The place had a consistent flow of customers, which to me says something.  We defiantly will go back.
5	Screw it, the secret's out ... Babbo's is now packed to gills with locals so here's my 2 cents.Finally and I mean Finally ... a decent Italian restaurant in the far East Valley Franchise Land.The success of Babbo's is a prime example that the far East Valley can now support sit down table cloth dining. Copy their formula of pricing and selection, change the menu to whatever food specialty ... an I guarantee success. Please, Please, Please you food entrepreneurs, I am tried of driving 20 plus miles just to have a decent meal. Its obviously not location, location, location because Babbo's is located in an nondescript strip mall in "no mans land".  Obviously its about the food, the pricing, and the service. Sadly we lost our only East Valley Italian fine dining ... "Roberto's" Tuttsi Santi due to the prolonged recession. While Tuttsi Santi "By Nina" has moved into a dead zone in East Gilbert ... it's a far cry from the culinary excellence Roberto and his staff delivered.Nina if you listening, take a chapter from Babbo's success and change your ways before you go the way of Roberto. Boring, boring, boring, what you're doing is not working!!!Ok back to Babbo's.Man this place is just jumping, I would tell you about their excellent happy hour but they have only 8 bar stools and I'm not giving up my seat. (Owner's, its already time for a remodel of the bar area.)While Babbo's is not "fine dining" it sure is fun Italian food with lots of action and food selections. They have a decent wine selection with some actual real Italian wines, imagine that.  Innovative appetizers, salads & pasta selections with both traditional pizza and ... get this ... Neapolitan style pie's. And everything is available for take-out.Let face it, most American's could give care less about traditional Italian Food.Babbo's is fun an innovative with the perfect balance of Americanized Italian food. A kind a place that pull's the stick out of classic Italian dining.Babbo's ...... So There. .........
4	I have to  tell you all ,I really like this place. I like all of them that I have visited so far.It seems as if it is a chain, and I guess it somewhat is.I was told by the staff at another location that it is a Husbacnd and wife team that started this place.They serve good food and the price is really good. The staff is always nice and knows all about the menu.I like the bread and I really like the salad.The drinks are very cheap.We also really like the spaghetti. What more could you want from a place.??This place is a winner. I say check it out sometime, or any of the locations really. Everyone I have ever been to has been really good. Never a bad experiance at all.Lots of parking in the lot as well.It was a great place to stop and eat during all the Holiday drama.
2	We had a disappointing evening on our wives night out. Sangria tasted like diluted wine vs. wine punch. When we asked to exchange the drinks for something else, the manager on duty rudely greeted our table demanding to know what was wrong with our, "TERRIBLE" drinks. Sadly, replacement margaritas were not any better. We started off with the bruschetta trio and were unable to distinguish the different types apart. They all looked and tasted same!!!  We knew we had already upset the staff with our drink fiasco, so we decided to let this slide and hoped that dinner would save the evening. Dinner was good, but our waitress was nowhere to be found for drink refills, or to pay our bill.  We had to flag someone down for both. We tipped her over 20% and left.
2	We had heard great reviews about this place, so we were excited to try it. We even took advice from people that love this place on the appetizer so as to be sure to sample something that had been vouched for.The wait to get in was fairly long. This location was quite small, so that was part of the problem, but it also seemed popular.The service was great. We were provided with suggestions on a completely unfamiliar menu & all requests were promptly addressed. That is were the 2 stars come from.The food was below average at best. The bread & oil was some of the worst I've had. The bread was bland, flat, & burnt. In fact, the burnt pieces had the most flavor, albeit a charcoal flavor. We had the fried ravioli appetizers. Frozen food much? Yah, they tasted & looked like they came right out of the freezer. If they weren't, then somebody is really screwing these up in the kitchen. Finally, we shared a meatball sandwich. I mean really, that is tough to mess-up, right?? The bread was odd; some kind of flat bread instead of a hoagie bun. That bread was also burnt & the sandwich was dry. We had to request a side of sauce.The couple we were with raved about a turkey sandwich they ordered, but a turkey sandwich with deli meat requires no cooking, so no wonder that was the best thing at the table. I seriously doubt we'll ever go back. We'd go to Brio or Carrabbas first. Hell, I'd do Olive Garden before this place.
5	Babbo's did a wonderful job catering our wedding this weekend.  We got so many complements on the food.  The staff were very easy to work with and were responsive to our questions.  We live on the west side of the valley and got married on the east side of the valley so I was a little worried at first with trying to set food up on the other side of the valley, but there was no need to worry.  I would highly recommend Babbo's to anyone, from the tasting to the reception they were fabulous to work with.
4	We decided to have our family Sunday dinner here and try the place out. The restaurant  was packed but the wait was only about 10 min. The meal portions were good sized and served piping hot. The house wines were so-so but they do have a nice wine selection and offer samples if you wish. I would also say it's more of an upscale / adult eatery, if you have small ones the menu is rather limited and none of the kids meals come with vegetables? They also don't have apple juice or other kid friendly beverages. If you get a chance to try this place out I would do it, perhaps make it a date night though and leave the kids with the sitter.
5	went here the other day. Fantastic food great service and a good atmosphere. The portions were good the flavors were fantastic. I had the spicy Alfredo and my wife had the regular both are great. The only thing I can say negative is that a side salad was $3.95 ridiculous for a 70 to 90 cent salad.
5	Nice little place. We had a late lunch and it was very nice. Bread great,  service great. I have found that if you go during prime time be ready to wait. But you should expect that if the place is good. I will go there again and bring friends.
5	Another great meal @ Babbo ... from the 'chalkboard' menu:  the mista salad, and the portobello mushroom with garlic artichokes and lemon. Plus - the ambiance was nice, service good and the waiter terrific and attentive.  Oh, the wine was nice too.
2	Meh! Babbos you're killin me! This used to be one of our favorite restaurants but two times in a row now it's just been rough. I get it, you have a sweet spaghetti and meatballs deal on Tuesdays so everybody and their mom comes for cheap food. That's great for business, but sorry to say your service suffers and regulars like us feel pushed aside for the extra bucks you're getting from the cheapskates...er I mean more frugal clientele. You sat two groups before us that had arrived far after us because you "accidentally" scratched us off the list. After  a quick and insincere apology (much more appreciated if you actually look at the customer), we got our table. Fine. But then we were rushed through a very underwhelming dining experience. Cocktails arrived after appetizers. We couldn't even enjoy them because the entrees came immediately after our appetizer--my biggest petpeeve ever! I would like to at least taste my appetizer before the entree please! I was really looking forward to the new roasted red pepper pasta dish with the added shrimp. It was just ok. You could tell it was quickly thrown together with some shrimp tossed in at the end. Such a shame because there is so much more flavor to be had there. I'm not sure if we will be back this time. We loved this place but the inconsistency is wasting our money. But just one final word of advice, when the entire meal is quicker than the wait time, that's a problem. It's a sit down restaurant, not a cafeteria.
4	1st time there.  Very good service.; wait staff is very attentive, despite a very busy evening .  (20 min wait )Bread and salads were very tasty and the pizza was excellent.Seemed to have a robust take-away business.  We will be back.
5	Love this place! Food great! Staff friendly!! Shawn behind the bar is awesome!!!
3	Pros:Interesting menu (especially where located)Super flavorful dishesCons:Why is my pasta always swimming in water?  Please take 1 extra minute to drain it!!!
5	Fantastic food! As authentic as it can get! Top notch service! Ask for Dean!We ordered the Steak and Pesto pasta and a Margherita pizza. Had to be the best steak pasta I have ever had. Thanks Dean!
5	This restaurant is always so busy yet I've never had to wait excessively long, and they have always been friendly even when bombarded with customers! Best of all, the food is amazing and very well priced...love it!
5	I love this restaurant in mesa. The ambience, food, service were excellent. The bread is to die for. Dean was excellent and funny.Will be back many times in the future. A scottsdale restaurant finally in East Mesa!!Yummy!!!!
4	the food was  great at a reasonable price and the service was excellent
5	Great restaurant   & food!!! Only thing that could be worked on is staff acknowledging customers arriving for order pick-up. A couple times I've waited at the bar almost 10 minutes before the guy even acknowledged me. Good is always great tho!
4	We really enjoy this place for a quick and easy dinner out.  The bread is super good.  Sometimes the entrees are hit and miss... I really enjoy the pizzas and the sandwiches.  My husband loves the spaghetti and meatballs.
4	Ok yum! I was pleasantly surprised by this place I have been wanting to try it for a while and I am glad we did. I got the goat cheese and mushroom pizza it was vert tasty, but I think the star of the night was definitely the cheese calzone my son got. The cheese was so good.  My husband and other son both got dishes with the red sauce and it was a little bland. They will try something different next time. The prices were also very reasonable and the service was great!
4	Pleasant decor.  Lots of booths.  Excellent service.  They have good lunch specials.  We have been here twice.  I can recommend the pizza and salads.  The crust on the pizza was excellent and it was very flavorful.  We will definitely return as it is one of the better places to eat in this part of town.
5	Love this place for a quick italian food hang out! great drink selection and their bread is sinfully yummy!
5	I was there for lunch today. The food was excellent, as always. The service was even better than normal, if that's posible!!  My mom had the Mac and cheese, and I had the creamy garlic chicken. Both were so good. Yes I tasted hers!!  We go every month or so. Next we'll try the pizza!!
4	Had a decent happy hour, $5 drinks and $6 happy hour, which is a couple dollars off. I had the chipotle chicken pasta and it was amazing. All our meals has a large portion to them. They also have complimentary bread and oil, which is fresh and truly delicious.
2	This was terrible, I have brought my gf here twice and both times the food was bleh and the service the second time was horrible. I last ate here back in August, so I don't recall our waiter's name but he was just awful. We ordered the bruschetta trio our last time there for our appetizer. We went with 2 of the meatballs and the ribeye. The meatballs were really good, the ribeye was subpar. Their free bread was very greasy and unappetizing. For our dinner I ordered the Mushroom, pepperoni, sausage calzone, it was ok, but was 70% mushrooms, so that was disappointing. My gf ordered the chicken alfredo, the noodles were dry, and stuck together. The sauce was congealed and the chicken rubbery. We will not be eating here or at any other Babbo's again. Olive Garden is better then this place, and that is sad.I recommend going to Oreganos on gilbert or Bucco Di Peppo on Val Vista instead. A longer drive, but well worth your time and money.
5	Here in East Valley, premium eateries are like unicorns. Babbo is an exception. Got seated with no wait. The bread with oil/vinegar, was excellent. Ordered creamy garlic chicken, and the Mac and cheese entrees. Both were exceptional in taste and quantity. Server checked on us numerous times to ensure all was good. The only suggestion I have on my Mac and cheese order would be to serve it in hot serving dishes to retain the cheese consistency. Toward the last quarter of the meal, the dish became lukewarm and the melted cheese began to solidify. The two meals were over 30$ with gratuity, so for east valley, it is on the higher price side, however I felt it was worth it.
4	I dropped in today to have a decent meal, tired of the bbq and burger joints in this area. Iwas so happy to find a clean and welcoming restaurant that was not blasting loud music. Instead, the music was hip but not" bubble gummy", smooth but not drowsy. This is important to me because ambienace and atmosphere help my dining experience. I want to enjoy my conversation and be relaxed. Anyway, the Manager greeted me and sat me promptly. The bar was quaint but enough. I didnt feel closed in. The wine list was more than I anticipated. Im no wine snob but there were several selections of Pinots, Reds, Chardannays etc... I had heard of from various Regions.The Staff was attentive but not pushy. I started with an Arugula and White Bean salad, which was very good; tangy and sweet and ample sized for a salad. I then chose the Italian Sausage and Pasta; it was spicy without spoiling the other flavors in the dish of Bell peppers and spices and onions. The marinara sauce was perfectly balanced between chunky without being too soupy. I will definately return thanks to the very good service, the atmosphere,the variety of drinks and winer, the delicious menu and appetizers, and the potential for this being a regular spot for taking a date while in Arizona.BTW, there is ample parking and access for all. Too bad the rest of the shopping center isn't as nicely kept as Babbo Eatery.
3	From the get I was excited. I had some cold left overs from my ex one time and since then I have been trying to make it over here. The decor was contemporary and stylish and I was greeting with a not so friendly staff. 5 min for my water and a "yeahhhhh" waiter. Here is the thing. Everything about this place is cool. But if you are big on service than maybe not your place.
