2	Well I have been waiting for Dillon's to open at the Top of Central. There have been several starts and stops there.I got there a few minutes past "happy hour" ...gosh darn it, but oh well I definitley had a hankering for BBQ. I asked them to bring me a Blue Moon, waitress apologized for not having a Blue Moon. How about a Stella? Absolutely, only to come back minutes later, "oh, we are out of Stella". I'll take water and the 2 meat platter with French Fries (don't let my wife know) and mac and cheese even though I wanted some cole slaw as well. Meal arrived and my first impression, what a skimpy portion of mac and cheese but there were a lot of hand cut fries. Fries were served with a hummingbird serving of catsup, asked the waiter, bring me more and he complied. Had the Beef Brisket and St Luis style ribs with Cajun sauce. Beef, dried out and very little sauce and none on the table. I was afraid to ask for more. Ribs were dried out as well with a bit of tangy sauce that I thought was pretty good. All told, I walked spending just under $20 dollars, no beer, not much sauce and pretty disappointed. Sorry, not going to be my Cue place even though it's in the neighborhood. I want a cue place with great smoked meats, great sauces and value friendly. Not Dillons on Central.
4	Didn't eat because we were full but stopped for a beverage. Our bartender, Jennifer, was awesome and very nice. They have a cool patio with misters and shade sails. They had LED TVs everywhere. They get Sunday Ticket and UFC fights (if that's your thing). I'll update my review after I eat there but it smelled awesome!
4	This restaurant location has been a gazillion different names over the years. I'm not a fan of BBQ but it sure smells good the minute you walk in the door. They have done quite a bit to spruce this place up into a sports bar. There are TVs everywhere (VERY nice TVs), except on the patio. The bartender, Jen, was super nice and friendly and gave us GREAT service. The patio is an odd-shape but they have done wonders decorating it. There is shade and a misting system. The couple regulars sitting at the bar were friendly as well. The place is clean and comfy. They have live music on the weekends as well as the UFC fights and football. The prices were reasonable as well with many items on the menu a non-bbq girl would like.
3	Joined @lafinguy and @littlebitofmoni for lunch today.I was excited to try Dillon's as it is close to my house, and I love good BBQ.I'm sad to say I was less than thrilled.We ordered hot wings. What we got were 12 fried drumettes, and a small bowl of sauce, that looked and tasted like dressed up Tabasco, rather than a quality hot wing sauce. We also got the obligatory carrot and celery sticks, and something that approximated, but fell far short of, bleu cheese dressing.Pic: http://post.ly/vpI8We decided to split the 50/50 Ribs, and we got Cajun for the non-St. Louis style.The ribs were good, but not great. The actual ribs were nice, having plenty of meat, rather than being mostly bone. But the cajun sauce wasn't noteworthy, and the St. Louis ribs were again, an approximation of true St. Louis ribs.Also, most BBQ places provide, or at least ask if it is desired, extra sauce. We got none. Further, the meal, which we specifically informed the waitress would be shared amongst three people, came with a single roll. Which looked more like a burger bun. Rolls are very cheap, and one should always be provided for each diner.We had a dessert, as well, the Cinnamon Apple Dumplin', which was crispy cinnamon tortilla chips, baked apple dumpling, and several small scoops of vanilla ice cream.Pic: http://post.ly/vpg8It was really good, and we finished it off!Hell, I'd almost go back just for that dish!I was disappointed in the wings, but I accept that not all places do wings the same. I was disappointed by the lack of extra sauce, and additional rolls.I was happy with the dessert, and the $3.50 beers.I think they can do more.I'm a pulled pork kind of guy, so I definitely intend on going back, and trying that item. I'm hoping it fares better than the wings.All that being said, I will go back, because I know they're just opened, and may need some time to work out some kinks.And it's close to home. :)
4	I used to have to drive to BFE to have this food, so when I heard that Dillon's had branched out, I was pretty excited.Arriving at the spot, I was so happy to see all the work that had happened to overhaul the restaurant. The prior places were kinda Sun City looking, and had sketchy decor and just felt like your creepy Aunt's house.We asked to be sat in the bar area, and this place has more TVs then BestBuy, but at the same time, they are placed in a way that does not make anyone have a seizure. It's really just the right amount of TVs, and there is something for everyone.I ordered onion rings for an appetizer, and a pulled pork sandwich with steak fries. The onion rings arrived, and they were SO good, you have to try them. Crispy, sweet, and salty- just perfect. Somehow not greasy at all, they just taste amazing. Lunch arrived, and my sandwich was really good, and the fries were perfect.Service was another pleasant surprise. There was one server/bartender at the time, and she was everywhere at once, and very detail oriented. Drinks never went empty and plenty of extra sauce, ranch, and other items were refilled often. As we walked out, the manager asked us about lunch and we happily told him how pleased we were. The manager asked us our names, shook our hands, and really was pleased and excited to have happy guests. I learned they do a big business in take out, and large catering kind of orders, which makes me rethink the next family party- why cook, when I can call up Dillon's and have everything taken care of?Anyway, if you're in the mood for some great food, great service, and fun, cozy atmosphere, check this place out. If you're into sports, I think they have every sport to watch, and UFC.  Cheers.
3	Maybe this place will stick? Over the years the building just south of Dunlap on Central has been many things, including its last incarnation a grill and steakhouse. But now things seem top be looking up for the location with west valley BBQ mainstay Dillons.Dillons opened its first location at the corner of Thunderbird and the 101 in 1999 and was at the time, pretty much the only thing out there. Since then they've become so popular that opening several more locations were inevitable. I've managed to visit each store and I have to say it's definitely the same experience across the board with a mix of BBQ, Southern cooking and some Tex-Mex thrown in to round the menu out. Fried Pickles ($6.99) are a favorite southern treat and are exactly what the name implies, dill pickles that are battered and fried. Be very careful eating these though because the juice from the pickles super heats inside and can potentially cause severe burns. I'm still pretty indifferent to these having never been blown away by them.You've probably already noticed that anytime there are wings to be ordered, I order them. These are one of the easiest snacks to make and also one of the easiest to mess up. Dillons version of Crispy Chicken Wings ($7.99) are served up juicy and meaty under a light crunchy coating. They also hold back on bathing the wings serving the sauce on the side for your dipping pleasure. The name may sound typical but the flavors of smoked the Chicken Quesadilla ($9.99) were far from it. Tender shredded smoked chicken tucked inside a grilled flour tortilla along with Monterrey jack and cheddar cheeses. Also served with sour cream and house made salsa, it's large enough to order as an entree. Piled high with thick cut bacon, smoked ham, melted cheddar cheese all resting on top of a crunch fried chicken breast, the Chicken Club Sandwich ($9.99) might give you palpitations but is worth every succulent flavor packed bite. The Turkey Club Sandwich ($9.99) is made much like its crispy fried cousin but instead uses sliced smoked turkey meat. After one bite though the meat tasted more like your typical grocery store cold cuts and not from the deli counter but the stuff that comes in bags, overly salty with little to no turkey flavor.Making matters even worse was the salt content on the Red Devil Pork Sandwich ($9.29). The pulled pork and smoked sausage was slopped up with a vinegar based red pepper sauce and then topped with coleslaw. It really should have been a hit but instead left me reaching for my water glass, a few sips and the salty pain was gone.Finishing off the meal was the surprisingly decadent Cinnamon Apple Dumpling ($5.99). A baked pastry wrapped apple surrounded by cinnamon and sugar tortilla chips then adorned with scoops of vanilla ice cream and gooey apple pieces. The dining room is covered with framed posters of old Hollywood. Who knew that Id some day dine with the likes of Marilyn Monroe and Audrey Hepburn. Breakfast at Dillons anyone?
2	I am truly a pulled pork snob. Smoked pork flavor should be the star of the show. If you cook pulled pork right it should need very little sauce. Finally, the flavor of the slaw should work together with the taste of the pork to make my taste buds happy. The Carolina Style Pulled Pork Sandwich on the menu grabbed my attention. I love how the vinegar in Carolina sauce brings out the smoked pork taste. Since I like to control the amount of sauce I use, I ordered the sauce on the side. The waitress informed me that when they pull the pork, that they soak it in the sauce. This was a red flag to me, but being open minded I still decided to try it.I was served in less than 5 minutes. When I got my sandwich, what I saw disappointed me. That pork had been pulled, chopped, slapped, and smacked. It was not immediately recognizable as pork. The sauce totally overpowered the taste of the meat. It was a really sweet sauce, and it was like eating liquid brown sugar. The slaw didn't really have any flavor at all. So, I was disappointed with the pulled pork, but the service was excellent. The waitress was quick, attentive, and was able to answer all of my questions about the menu. Will I go back? Probably. The food looked and smelled really good. It may have been a different experience if I had ordered the ribs or brisket.
4	Dillons is a great addition to the North Cenpho Hood..  BBQ Sports Bar, Friendly service, lots of Tv's and $1 Dollar order of onion rings in the bar.. The Brisket and Mild sauce is real good, The sides are a bit hit and miss, but the fries and the mac and cheese are very good.. All in all, a great place for a cheap lunch, or to hang out to watch a game. This place is gonna stick for sure..
3	The other day I stopped into Dillon's on Central Avenue just off of the canal.  I typically ride my bike by that location at least once a week, so this time I decided to stop by for lunch.  The atmosphere was different than I had expected.   It was designed in a Hollywood kitsch design to give it the atmosphere on a New York/L.A. style deli (outside of New York/L.A.) which was bizarre.   I want barbeque, not deli!The dining area was nice - clean, nice furniture, etc.  However, it did not feel like a barbeque place.  The crowd was mainly older (60+) on a Saturday afternoon.  I did not fit in with my bike apparel, Nook and cell phone.  The service was good, not great.  I do not want to be too harsh in saying that the older customers got most of the attention.  I hardly got noticed.  Not that I require constant nurturing, but just fill my ice tea!The food was very good.   I got a beef brisket sandwich with mashed potatoes and a side of gravy.  Also, I could not resist the $1.00 plate of onion rings.  I was satisfied.  It was done just right and not loaded with salt that keeps you thirsty for hours on end.  I thought the meal was pricey for what I received - no not the onion rings, but a $10.00 sandwich!When my check arrived they forgot to include a pen for me.  I waited patiently for the waitress to return, but was somewhat frustrated.I would say it was good, but I would not rush back.
3	One thing that has not changed about Phoenix in 20+ years is that there are a lot of places trying to get you to come in and drink and dine. The other thing that is still true is that service sucks in the majority of your casual dining places. Though the bartender isn't professionally trained. She had a nice personality which was a nice and welcomed change. Took her awhile to find the southern comfort, tisk tisk. Made the most god awful vodak collins I have ever come across that I returned it to her.The wings were good but not tossed in Sauce, they give you a dipping bowl. Different but forunately the wings could stand alone.Busy for a Monday night, so that's a good thing also.Room layout is nice and they now allow dogs on the patio.  So 3 stars I'll come check it out again.
2	I came here for a Yelp event at the beginning of the year and was surprised that the place had changed names when I was hear last month. The atmosphere was dated and uninteresting. The main restaurant are was so crowded too. Not with people, but with tables. I almost felt claustrophobic. I was so disappointed in the food here. Mike and I split a 3 meat combo platter with smoked sausage, beef brisket, and slow-smoked pulled pork. Everything just tasted so bland and dry. Their BBQ sauces were also boring. The mac and cheese I ordered also came with corn. Eew... It was not good. Our waitress was forgetful and really so was the whole experience here.
2	Anytime I say the code word "BBQ", my parents are in. So, I called my parents to meet me for dinner on a Tuesday night. My take? Not awesome. This surprised me for a couple reasons: 1) the lot is always packed when I drive by and 2) when I mentioned where I was going, one of my co-workers who had been to another location said we were in for a treat. But, I should have known not to trust a barbecue place that doesn't smell like barbecue when you walk in. It took a while for someone to greet us when we walked in the door. I was there, as I mentioned, with my parents. On a weeknight. I expected they would give us a choice of either dining room or the bar. Instead, we got a head nod while walking briskly by and a "find yourself a spot in the bar" dismissal. We picked a booth near the door. There are 13 flat screen TVs on the walls of the bar. I know this because the the service was so slow, it gave me ample time to count them. Repeatedly. When the food arrived, it was mediocre. The ribs? Not terrible. Cole slaw? Don't waste your time. I sampled my dad's and couldn't believe they served it without tasting in the kitchen first. Bland starts to describe it. He exchanged it for another side, with similar lackluster results. Our server was negligent, busy and disinterested. She asked me if she had brought me the wine I ordered right before she dropped off the bill. When the bill came, my dad (for the first time in the history of me dining with him) said "don't worry about leaving a good tip, I guarantee you won't be back". Note: I did leave a good tip, but he was right. Unless they make a lot changes quickly, I definitely won't be back.
4	Definitely will go back, because Sunday was crowded due to football, it was nice to see. Awesome outside patio, large enough for a private party of about 150 friends!!!!Beans were great, cole slaw pretty darn near perfect, fresh HOMEMADE 7 delicious.  Found out taht even theirdesserts are home mnade anf that almost everything on the menu is homemade!!!!  Great for a restaurantof that size.  Had brisket with the homemade sweet and hot sauce, it was great.Nice size dining room andaway from the bar!!!!  A private banquet room as well.  Friendly, fast service staff, greeted promptly and everyone seemsto know everyone, nice neighborly feel.
5	LOVE their chicken club sandwich.  Great barbeque sauce.  We needed a place to hold an impromptu family gathering and they were very accomdating to our large crowd at the last minute.  They have "The Patriot Room" that is so cool.  Stop by and take a look and have some onion rings. They're the best!I heard they have stand up comedy on Wednesday nights too.  Haven't experienced that. We shall see...... :)
2	It's not awful, but I have indeed had lots better.  I was planning on 3-stars based on the ribs,  until the salmon salad experience.  Dry, fishy-tasting salmon on a  boring bed of lettuce, and a grocery store-type roll with some type of disgusting spider web looking stuff on top of it.  The waitress figured out that the rolls were in a plastic bag too close to the heat and some of the plastic melted on the roll.  Why on earth would the cooks put that on a plate???Food low-down:  Ribs - OK.  Pulled pork - dull.  Beer cheese soup - OK.  Salmon salad - Yucko.  Burger - OK.  So if the best I can say is "OK"... that pretty much sums it up.The service was really slow, but the waitress did notice we didn't eat much of the salmon salad so she comped us for it without us even asking - kudos to her for that.  She was also pretty appalled to have to tell us the cook's explanation of the plasticized dinner roll.  More kudos for caring.
3	I have always been promptly seated with quick service.  Everyone has a great sense of humor, my experience anyway. They are very generous with the portions. The food is usually enjoyable, love the onion rings. I did over ordered and took the chicken home. When I reheated the chicken the following day it tasted like it had been cooked and stored in their fridge for some time. It tasted horribly old. The large bar area has many many TVs. I'll return but not for the chicken.
4	Ain't nevah seen a rack o' ribs dat big, 'cept on a may-un I used ta date!I performed here.  The crowd was really supportive while they gnawed on them thar ribs.  Seriously.  I left that night, thinking of those ribs.There are a lot of regulars, which means a lot to me when I go to a new place.  I've known a couple of other restaurants in that location and they never last, but I hope Dillon's does.The service was super friendly and quick.  The menu is pretty big and I was quite surprised at that.  I'm sooooooo glad they've kept the decor from Central Grille.  I love the booths and brat-pack feel, as well as the dark walls.  There's a lot of wood, too.  That's not a pun, because most of the men were really old and, well, probably lacking in the wood department.
4	Beef Brisket is good!  Nice and moist with a good smoke ring on it.  It's not Memphis BBQ, but then what is (other than Memphis BBQ)?  :P  I've been there twice now and have yet to have anything bad.  The Mac & Cheese is yummy!
3	They did a good job handling a reservation for me and 11 others for the Superbowl. The service was good from our one waitress, who was cheerful and energetic enough to cover the whole room basically by herself.Just to judge by my experience of the food by itself, I probably wouldn't go back. I had their wings which seemed to be generic battered/fried things from Sysco with a small dish of bbq sauce. Nothing to write home about. I tried the pulled chicken sandwich (mainly because I just like the notion of pulling a chicken, heheheh ) and was disappointed. The requested cajun bbq sauce was sharp without being flavorful. The meat was bunched together into a kind of a puck shape, and the whole dish was lukewarm. Others in the party enjoyed the "Brontosaurus" beef ribs, and given the novelty of this dish (my guests from South America) it was hard to tell how good the meat really was. They appeared delighted.I had a couple of bloody marys. Not my usual choice, but these weren't really remarkable. So I'd be willing to give them another chance, but as it stands it is considerably down the list of my favorite local BBQ.
3	I ordered a brisket sandwich with mac and cheese on the side, and wasn't disappointed, but not really impressed either. The beef was decent, with a pretty good barbecue sauce. The mac and cheese was probably better than average.I had a cobbler for dessert, which was also pretty decent.Overall, I'd say this place is worth going to, but not the kind of place I'd put in my group of favorite BBQ joints.
5	This place is great for sporting events. The bar area is a little small because of the seating.The food is real good and happy hour food prices are great. I would have to say the onion rings are the best in the valley.
2	um...not much to really say about the place. ribs are lower end of the decent ranks. (decent is middle for me). Definitely wont order the babybacks again. thats what i had. I don't know this place was just ehhhhhhh.. nothing fantastic, i'd come back if i had a giftcertificate and i wouldn't complain.Don't think i would choose on my own accord to go here though. I'd rather go to one of those fastfood bbq places which make equally as good, sometimes better food.
4	I like this place, really. It's one of those places you can take your whole family to and not get disappointed. Their wings are pretty original, and since I don't like soggy, dry wings - these were great! The sauce is served on the side so I don't get the soggy-ness that I hate so much, and instead of getting the upper-half of the wing that we all hate, they're just chicken legs!Last time, I split the trio with my dad, who got the sausage and brisket, and I had the ribs. I miss ribs - places in Arizona don't seem to know barbeque like they do in the South - and I freakin' love my ribs. These weren't dry, and the sauce wasn't too heavy. I got a side of mac, cause our waitress raved about it, and wasn't disappointed, it was creamy goodness. Definitely going to go see mum more often since she lives down the street... =]
3	Uhhh, what is going on? I used to like this Dillon's a lot, but when I went in the othe rnice, I was disappointed. They've changed a lot of their menu items. We came during Happy Hour, and appetizers were $1, which is great. I really recommend their onion rings and wings, which were still as good as ever. I'm a constant sort of individual, and split the trio (again) with my dad. We got coleslaw (still good), mac'n cheese, beef brisket, pulled chicken,and St. Louis ribs. It's a big portion, and I'm glad I split it.However... what is this brown brick on my plate? Jalapeno cornbread, you say? I lived in the south half my life, I know what cornbread is. This thing, maybe an inch thick was grainy, super sweet and with little dots of jalapenos. Was not at all appetizing.Last time, I got a great sauce on my barbeque, but this time, I don't know if they've changed their recipe or given me a different kind of sauce, but it was overly sweet, and I ended up picking around it. The pulled chicken was chopped chicken, when last time it had been pulled and juicy, it was now just a chopped piece of dismembered chicken slathered in sauce. The ribs were still good, but I'm not all-so enthusiatic to run over to Dillon's unless it's Happy Hour...
4	Went here for Lunch/Dinner with my roomate today because I had a Groupon for it. I have to say it was good...it was no Famous Dave's...although it was the same price so I think that without a groupon I wouldent choose it over Dave's but honestly it was good. If I was in the area, I'd go here rather then driving way out to Chandler for sure. Ok lets start at the beginning....upon walking in...you get the immediate feeling that this place is owned by a guy. There is eye candy everywhere...from the hostess to the servers to the bartenders...all hot. I think there was only 1 guy server...dont ask me how we happened to get put in his section..lol. We were there during happy hour (runs 7 days a week, thats awesome) and since I knew a 35$ groupon was gonna be harder to spend with 2 people we got some apps. The "famous" onions rings...were amazing...the portion was really small but we found out when we got the bill that the 6.99 onion rings were only $1 for happy hour..thats why the portion was smaller....when we tried to order a second batch they told us that we could only order 1 time for 1$...after that it was full price....that kinda sucks...I rather them be 3$ or whatever and I can order more..but whatever. We also got potato skins...which unlike the ones you think of when you go to applesbees or any other place like that...these are actually skins of the potatoes they peeled that they fry and then dust with seasoning....not bad for a buck. I ordered a lemon drop for my drink which was ok, could have been strong but whatever. We shared a rack of ribs with 2 sides ( I'm used to Dave's BBQ being ridiculous portions that you cant even finish with 2 people ) and it was just the right amount of food I think due to having the appetizers. The ribs had a choice of sauce being Mild, Sweet-Spicy, or Cajun. We ordered the ribs dry and sauce on the side but they came with Sweet-Spicy on them instead...a little disappointed in that but it was ok as the sauce was great. We got Mashed potatoes and gravey and asparagus as the side and the mash was amazing...I think my favorite of the trip actually. The asparagus was....well....asparagus. I didn't have enough room for dessert but I really want to try them sometime as they looked really good. All in all it was good but not amazing...Famous Dave still sits on the throne for me. I will be back if Groupon/Living Social run another special or if I'm in the area. They also have comedy night on Saturday at like 8pm...I might check that out.
3	I think Dillons had a grand opening or something.  I went yesterday early evening and it was unorganized amongst the staff.  The entryway was clogged with people and it was a cluster... well ya know.  The building itself is in bad need of an interior makeover as the tables and booths look like they are at least 20 years old.  The appetizer was some beef bruschetta thing where the meat was cold on it.  I was not impressed.  However the entry was a chicken fried chicken and it was the down home comfort food I was craving and it was hot.  I felt sorry for the staff yesterday it looked like they were trying but were in need of a good manager.  Maybe I'll try the BBQ sometime but will wait a bit to see if they get the kinks out of their service.
3	We thought it was a steak house... Turns out it was like an old bar. We were surprised but stayed to check it out. I got the pulled pork sandwich that was nothing to write home about. Alot of times you can base how fresh the food is by trying the pulled pork. Is the sauce fresh made, is the pork freshly smoked, and is the bread soft and freshly baked? If not then the rest of the food is probably the same... Frozen or microwaved from a can. So the pork sandwich was good. It seemed pretty fresh and was served hot. We also got the onion rings, which the menu said they're famous for them... And they were awesome! Crispy golden on the outside and hot and soft on the inside. Beers were cold, service was good. We will probably go back and try something different.
3	my fiance got a groupon for this place so we try it out one day, the food was ok , the service wasn't too bad, there tilapia fish  dish was tasty, other then that i really don't have much to say bout this place.
2	Poor food and smells like smoke
3	Just an A-OK for me. Maybe it's because I'm from Texas and my BBQ standards are ridiculously high, but this place just wasn't memorable for me. We went a week or so ago and the most memorable part was the service. We got ribs and brisket. I liked both, but not sure if I'd go out of my way to go back. The potato salad was really yummy and I enjoyed the jalapeno cornbread quite a bit.
3	Came for mid-week lunch.  Had the pulled chicken sandwich with loaded mashed potatoes, and shared a bowl of soup with someone.  Soup was worst part, but it was a daily special so not to worry for future guests.The sweet and spicy sauce was the best part.. just enough heat... probably one of the better sauces I've ever had.  Chicken was pretty good as well.  Good portion for the price.Mashed potatoes were pretty good.  Like the way they serve it up like a baked potato, with little piles of chives, sour cream, butter and shredded cheddar.  I thought it was tasty, but my companion correctly pointed out they would be about twice as good if they were fresher and dirty red mashed versus plain.Companion had a dessert, which at $3 was good value and tasty.Would I come back?  Probably.  If you want some barbeque, great place to come for a sandwich I think. The ambience is kind of strange since its a property that has been through like 8 restaurants over the last 20 years.  This "lifetime" it's a "hooters" kind of sports bar.  TVs, comfortable booths, nice bar.  Might be a good place to watch the game too... not sure if they have volume or not on Sundays.Service was excellent.  Friendly, attentive staff, efficient service.
3	Went here for a co-workers birthday today. I don't eat meat and don't care for BBQ so I ordered the portobello mushroom sandwhich with southwest veggies on the side. The sandwhich wasn't bad, just didn't wow me. Not really seasoned at all, I feel like it should have had some type of marinade on it or something. The veggies were steamed and healthy, which I liked.  Some of my coworkers ordered the salmon salad which looked amazing, and I tried a piece of the jalapeno corn bread which was delicious.
4	Had lunch here with two friends and we all liked it a lot.  Service was excellent (thanks, Noel) and my catfish ranked with the best I've had--hot, moist, succulent.  My friends were equally happy with their choices.  Two people at a nearby table were sharing the catfish platter (the pieces are huge) and said they'd come earlier in the week and had it, and were already back for more.  We had a Groupon that day, but I would gladly return on my own full dime.
4	I was SO happy to hear that Dillons was expanding to this part of town!My husband and I have been going to Dillons for years, so understand our excitement to have a location within walking Distance.All other restaurants that have been in this building have not made it, but i know Dillons will.Walking into the door we were greeted with an Instant aroma of Smoked BBQ **Yum Yum* I was instantly greeted by a hostess and sat at a table. I loved the feel of the bar area , great bar and great TV's and really cool booths.My servers name was Cali, she was very cute and a very nice girl and gave me great service! :) i ordered a Perfect Patron Margarita and the bartender came to our table and dropped it off, i think anabell was her name? Food was outstanding and my server was oustanding as well.OVERALL it was a great time with great food and great service, just like Thunderbird
4	Really freaking good BBQ. The Sweet Heat sauce is killer. I love the sweet and spicy wings and the wedge salad  - that's my go to. Only 4 stars because honestly, the crowd is a little on the older side and it's pricey. That won't stop us though - this is a go to for the boyfriend and I.
1	Food is awful.  Seating arrangements it is like you are sitting on top ofpeople and you could hear all conversations.
1	Wow. Before I wrote this, I simply wanted to take note of all of the reviews that have described this food as passable or better.... Invasion of the Body Snatchers!!!! Aiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeee!!!!!The absolute worst BarBQ I have EVER had. Grew up in South Central Texas, so I'm spoiled. San Antonio, Austin, Lockhart, etc... But I have also sampled the best in Kansas City and Memphis, Atlanta and Mobile, even Minneapolis and Chicago. This was straight-up abysmal.First: Not even going to the food, the decor is right out of a Central Minnesota Brainerd-area supper club; I was waiting for Joel and Ethan Coen to walk in as they set scenes for Fargo II. Yah, y'know. And it wasn't just the decor - the couple in their mid-fifties who were tongue fighting in their booth was just disturbing. Waitress stops by (we had reserved a table for the UFC fights they'd soon be showing) and asks us what we'd like to drink or eat (a stipulation of the reservation: reserve table for UFC, must be eating) and my buddy mentions he had already eaten, but he'd like a glass of water. She literally rolled her eyes... Man, that should have been enough to just go. Instead, we let it slide and I ordered an app for us and the three-meat combo. One can get a pretty good feel from that type of plate how the rest of the menu should/could play out.Brisket, Burnt Ends and Sausage. All inedible. Dry to the point of being arid. Thought for a moment the food may have been created for long-range space travel and would need re-hydration but then realized that it had been cooked for sooo long that the meat had hermetically sealed itself against any penetration by moisture. I have had dried jerky that was more moist. As well, it is a physical impossibility to slice beef brisket to the thinness that Dillon's achieved: Five slices of wafer-thin brisket should NOT constitute one of the three constituent meats of the dreaded three-meat plate. Burnt ends that were entirely devoid of taste. Sausage that was squishy... and also possessed of no taste whatsover.At no time, ever, should one consider this to remotely resemble BBQ.
1	I wanted to try this place and called Sunday night 8:45pm to see what time they closed.  Some guy answers, and says, "Uhhhhhhh.... Nine."  The long pause made me think he was looking at the clock and making up the closing time as he goes, so I asked if that was their normal hours.  He said, no... they close whenever it's slow.  Uh, ok... lazy, but at least honest.  So I asked what time they'll be open till tomorrow.  He said Mondays, nine.  The next day, I called at 7:45pm to confirm business hours.  Some guy (probably the same one) said they closed at 8pm.  WTF?  I said I called yesterday and was told they'll close at 9 today.  He then goes, "Ohhhhhh.  The restaurant IS closed at 9.  But the KITCHEN closes at 8."  Are you kidding me?I will never go to this Dillon's in my life, because if they are that lazy, irresponsible, unprofessional, and rude just answering the phone, how are they at cooking or serving my food?  Sadly, if it's only the host doing this... making up restaurant hours according to when his lazy ass wants to work, then they need to fire him for pushing business away.  I get it if some places open till 11 or 12, and if they close 1/2 hour early because the place is slow.. that's understandable...  but to tell me the kitchen closes at 8pm?Who ever owns / runs / manages this chain of Dillons needs to change their policies or this host.
4	Dillon's is a great place to go that is close to my house and has really good baby back ribs.  The service here has always been good to us.We now know never to come there on a Wednesday night....We recently came to dinner on a Wednesday night with our 3-YO son and they seated us in the "bar" area since the rest of the restaurant was completely empty.  It was comedy night.  Lets just say we couldn't eat our food fast enough before ALL 4 of the "comedians" spouted out just about every cuss word you could imagine on top of making disgusting sexual and racist jokes.  The sad part is that the crowd also seemed a bit put off, as no one laughed.  Even the comedians said we were a tough crowd.  If I had ear muffs, they would've been around my sons ears.  I'm surprised that the server didn't seat us in the other room or at least warn us that the comedians used this kind of language.  And it's not the 1st time either since we told our friends about it and they said it was the same thing the week before when they were there.  I ended up not even finishing my dinner and spent a lot of the time letting him play outside while my husband finished his dinner.Aside from that bad experience, we just know not to come on that night anymore.  Other than that, their mac n' cheese is really good, baby back ribs are good and their bbq beans are a hit.
5	While visiting The Valley last weekend (1/12-1/15/12) we hoped to find a centrally located restaurant that served good meat, a drink and 'quiet'. What a pleasant surprised Dillons on Central proved to be.  6 of us ordered drinks, appetizers and a variety of meat dishes.  Wow - great pulled pork, super service and a check that didn't break the bank.  The 'silent' movies showing on the screen in the dining made for a good joke, any more dining out can be a giant noisy experience.  Not last weekend at Dillons. I'll be back!
2	My family and I went here on a recent Wednesday night to redeem our $35 groupon.  There were a lot of other "Grouponites" dining and the restaurant clearly was not prepared for the crowd.  There was no hostess up front and we waited about 5 min. before someone came to seat us.  We were told that we could pick from a booth and someone would bring our menus.  We sat down and got our menus when they told us our server would be right with us.  A server approached our table and said, "I'm here to get your drink order and your server will be right with you".  So, apparently she was not the designated server for our table but she came back with our drinks and we were ready to order so she took our order and ended up becoming our server.  Number one pet peeve of ours is when we order an appetizer and it comes out at the same time as our food.  This happened.  My husband ordered wings and a Dip and I ordered the blackened tilapia sandwich.  My two kids split a kids meal.  My fish sandwich was far from blackened. It appeared to be thawed out and thrown on a grill for about 2 minutes and put on a sub roll that was not toasted or anything. It ended up being soggy.  I did not get the lettuce, tomato and onion as the menu described.  I waited for about 5 minutes to flag someone down because I didn't want to start eating it until I had dressed it up with the tomato, lettuce and onion.  So, the manager came by and got it for me.  My husband had way too much food and did not finish it.  The dip was mediocre at best but he did say the crispy chicken wings were good.  I just cannot believe my fish sandwich came out soggy on an untoasted roll that appeared to be a French's roll from the grocery store.  I would not be surprised if that fish was previously frozen and thawed in a microwave.  Our server (who was probably a hostess or food runner) was doing several other jobs was probably assigned to our table because the regular server in that station was slammed.  Isn't the whole point of Groupons to intice new customers and hope for repeat business? Well, that won't be the case with us.  Everyone was super friendly and apologetic for the wait, etc. but seriously, if you are a restaurant owner and considering a Groupon, please be prepared for the crowd.
1	********** CLOSED *************Groupon reported this location closed, on 12/14/12 and it appears it is.  RIP my favorite catfish, so long my other favorites.  Groupon is refunding outstanding coupons.**********************************I've been here several times now, including twice with Groupons.  The food has been consistently excellent and the service exceptionally friendly and professional.  The catfish, plump and succulent, is the best I've _ever_ had, won't order it anywhere else anymore.  The other day, I had the lunch special, burnt ends, which were not burnt at all but juicy and tender--much better than the south-end place that claims to have the best brisket in Phx.  Sides are great, too.  Haven't had dessert yet, too full of the other good stuff.  Nice ambience, attractive decor, lots of TVs but silent--my favorite kind.  This is my go-to place in north Phoenix now, out of my way but I'd make the drive for that yummy catfish any day.
2	Below average food.  Below average service.  Above average prices.  Bad combo.  Spent  over a hundred for 4 people before tip and everything was just.....blah.  That only included 3 bottles of beer too.  Tough ribs, kfc coleslaw, steak fries out of the bag, dry brisket....  Catch my drift. It says on the menu......yelp about this, facebook that, twitter this......cheesy.  I want to say good stuff but the whole place is weird and there is NOTHING bbq about it.  Before you encourage your patrons to yelp about this, maybe make sure it is worth yelping about.
1	My boyfriend and I came here on Sunday after church.  When we arrived we were one of 2 tables in the restaurant which leaves me wondering why the service was SO SLOW...We had never been here before, and are not going back.  In addition to the service being extremely slow (friendly, but otherwise in no way stellar) the food was over priced and completely unremarkable.We each tried a 3 item BBQ plate with 2 sides; pork ribs, beef ribs, sausages, pulled chicken, pulled pork and brisketNot one of the 6 had any outstanding qualities, poor flavor, cheap ingredients, dry and chewy...I had the coleslaw and mixed veggies as sides and while they both seemed fresh they both were also very BLAND.My boyfriend had the mac & cheese and loaded potatoes, again NOTHING to rave about.In sum, after about 30 seconds of sampling our wasted $21.99 per plate each we agreed that we will never return to this establishment.
5	We were there on Saturday.  There was live music and they were fantastic.  The ambience was really fun - we order the beef ribs with an assortment of sauces.  Service was excellent and the ribs were incredible portions are quite large so come hungry:)
1	My wife and I gave this place a chance. We had a hankering for BBQ. The host seemed nice enough, just kind of brash. (he served as our waiter too)The place is a sports bar w/booths. Straight-forward/nice atmosphere.We arrived at 1:30 pm. Not many people inside, so don't know why it took our host so long to get us our menus.We ordered a 3-meat combo with two sides to share. Got the KC short ribs, pulled pork , and turkey.When we got our food, we were surprised at the skimpy portions. Skimpy for a single serving, especially for the price.The ribs were dry, not fall off the bone (tasted microwaved) The pulled pork was flavorless, like it was boiled. The turkey might as well have come from the grocery store deli department (again heated with a microwave). The BBQ baked beans ok (really sugary though) The coleslaw was boring.Although the host did well filling up my ice tea, I don't think he understood how to cultivate our interest. With the lull in customers, he could have ensured a better experience. Long/short ...I would NOT recommend eating here.
1	Gonna keep this simple... I was excited to try what I heard was a local dining institution on a  blistering summer day. A nice, big, cold beer, award winning food, and cheery, delightful service. Ya, right.Naked chicken wings with the extra hot sauce as I had requested were as tepid as the sauce, on the side and not dressed, was insipid. Frank's red hot with some butter and probably a sprinkle of cayenne, and a heavy handed addition of "grossness" were the worst I've had in recent memory.My favorite BBQ item is Burnt Ends. Lovingly smoked twice and over seasoned and carcinogenic in the best way possible. Dillons' interpretation is rather unique: boil some pork, cut in cubes, dump on dirty plate and smother in brown gravy infested with cornnstarch and liquid smoke. Worst I've had in recent memory. Oh, and that big ol' cold beer I was anxiously desiring...a 12 oz glass with two times more fingerprints on it than beer in ounces. I counted twelve separate greasy paw prints. Do the math and you'll figure out the ratio. Worse ratio of prints to ounces I've had in recent memory.Service isn't worth mentioning. But worst in recent memory. Seems to be a trend here.
1	Bad service. Bartender was friendly at first...then ignored us. No plates for our appetizers, no follow up,'is everything all right'? Was more interested in selling other customers, "sexy alligator shots'  and forgetting  side plates and napkins for us. She even screamed over us, to the bus boys, 'that it takes two if them to do what she does'! Really?? It took one of you to get rid of 4 of us!! Good luck to the managers and owners with that girl like that.
2	Aside from the water being spilled on my coworker, the food was ok. Nothing spectacular really. Eh, they could have at least comped their food for spilling those glasses on them.
4	I went to Dillons planning to have a serious conversation with friends last night, so the food was not  top on the list of my priorities.  In spite of that I was impressed by the food and the service.  I appreciated the fact the server was very knowledgable about was being served.  She also gave some real thought to questions concerning the sauces  and recommendations we asked her to make.  She also kept our drinks flowing moderately including keeping my water glass topped off.  As i don't drink, often times, I end up with a half empty glass which I invariably have to ask to get refilled.  Not so here;  udos to the server.I had the pulled chicken sandwich which certainly tender enough with a very fresh bun.  The mild sauce was about what our server said it would be.  Next time I will go for something stronger though.  Concerning the goal of the evening, I was going very mild in everything I ate.  The potato salad had a nice flavor but was just a scoop in a little bowl.  One of my pet peeves, it just looked boring.What really surprised me as it would have been the last thing I'd have ever ordered was my friends stew.  The stew was a luscious combination of meat and vegetables.  It almost looked almost like a thick soup.  I like it when something just looks like it would be something I'd really like to have just seeing it. .  My friend said it was as appetizing as it looked.  This is what I will have the next time I go there.No problems parking but this was during the middle of the week so don't know about weekends.
1	Consistently DissappiointingFor some strange reason, a couple of my coworkers keep getting groupons here and we go.  The food is really quite terrible.  And it's about 2x the price of what it's worth.I've had their cheap lunch specials, and they all range between swill and what I would expect at a food truck at a fair.So I decided, maybe I'm just getting their cheap food.  That's the problem.So I order a full rack of their $23 babyback ribs.  They didn't come with sauce.  They tasted like they were grilled 2 days ago and regrilled twice since (dry, stringy, etc.).  The sides were mediocre.Look I expect DAMN GOOD ribs for $23.  Not the crap I was served.To top it all off the day manager was one of the rudest guys I've encountered when my friend tried to use the groupon, the waitress didn't record the number right, but then redeemed.  Insisted that we call groupon back, wait in cue, then have it unredeemed, so he could do it himself.  Like we were thieves... and despite the waitress telling him she saw that it was unredeemed.Just a downright expensive, terrible experience.  The manager deserves to be fired if anyone reads this that gives  a damn.I surely won't be back.  And yeah, I know I probably said that last time.But I'm never, ever going to be back.  Ever.
1	Wow yelp...really should get that "zero star" set out for this place!  AWFUL, HORRIBLE, YUCK, and pitiful customer service.  My husband and I are new to Arizona and I had bought a groupon for this place in hopes to find us a new favorite spot to go in our new hometown.  I was at first pleasantly surprised by our waitress who seemed nice and knowledgeable.  She took our drink order and gave us some time to get a feel for the menu.  We also ordered an appetizer of onion rings.  Onion rings were ok, drinks had no detectable alcohol in them, which is strange for rum and coke, haven't ever had that issue before.  I asked her to take away and off of my bill.  She did.  She told us that a great "share" dinner would be one of their combo platters.  So we ordered the platter with beef brisket, beef ribs, and a quarter piece of chicken which also came with a side of steak fries and mac n cheese.  We waited, and waited, and waited some more.  About 30 or so minutes later she arrives.  We expected a PLATTER, especially for the $22 price tag.  What we got was a regular 9 inch dinner plate with a bowl of about 1/2 cup of mac n cheese on it along with the meats and fries.  We both looked for another plate thinking, "This can't possibly be it".  It was.  I think that it sat under a heat lamp for 20 of those minutes we had waited, and maybe on the counter for another 10.  Everything was dry and the BBQ sauce, OMG, awful.  And the food was cold.  Our waitress was gone for a long time, long enough for the bus boy to come around, seeing that we were just sitting there, and ask if he could take our plate which still had the food on it.  Once our waitress did surface, I told her that everything was dry and not good at all.  She said, "Oh sorry".  She did ask if she could bring us anything else, but disappointment after disappointment, we declined.  The final bill was under what the groupon had allotted, so we left it and went to go to car to leave.  She comes running out after saying that she needed more money.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME?  I don't even think we should have to pay for something so awful and here you come asking for more money?  She said that the groupon didn't cover the few bucks in tax.  I was amazed.  Save some face Dillon's...that is ridiculous.  I have never been to a restaurant that didn't comp food that was not to a customer's liking.  Especially when it was this bad.  Again, should have checked the reviews here on yelp...when will I learn that lesson (lol)?  I think it has sunk in now!  Let me add in that I am a little picky when it comes to food, however, my husband is not.  He will NOT waste food...but wouldn't eat this...THAT is a true testament to how bad it was.  I have never seen him waste food in the 8 years I have known him.
2	I have gone here several times.  Very Hit and miss if the food is going to be good or not.  This past trip I ordered the Smoked Salmon filet which did not appear to be smoked at all.  It turned out to be a very dry piece of Fish With lack luster flavor.  I let the server know that it did not appear that the salmon was indeed smoked she stated she would find out but never returned.  The biggest unusal thing about this location is an ever present smell or odor of Mildew in the bar area, it may just be from the Canal behind but it has penetrated deeply into the atmosphere.  So If you like hit and miss food with a funky smell in the bar area than this is your place.
2	I love Sunnyslope.  It's my adopted hood and I really want this place to recognize it's potential.  That means local businesses and great restaurants and bars.I had never stopped in here before, and recently I was invited to meet up here and I have to say it was just "meh".I had the chicken mac and cheese but also tried the burnt ends.  It was underwhelming.  The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't good enough to lure me back here either.  Decent drink specials though!
3	Make sure you go there when the NICE bartender is working.  She is cute, smiles, and seems to love her job and taking care of her customers.The other one is mouthy, dresses trashy, postures herself inappropriately, is inattentive to the customers' needs, constantly bitches about her boyfriend yet flirts w/you for your teasing conversation...just a psycho!But I hope Dillon's makes it.  All the other staff and management there are very nice, they work hard to keep their customers happy, and they have survived in that location longer than anyone in many years.  Go Dillon's!
3	This location has closed
1	They are now closed. Reading past reviews, I'm not surprised.
1	CLOSED?!?  We drove by the other day and the signs are gone and the parking lot was empty!!!!  What's up?  Their food was great.
3	CLOSED, it is now called Spokes.
1	The food and professionalism was very poor.
