5	About 8 years ago, my wife and I travelled to Bruges in Belgium with our wonderful friends from London and our 8 month old son.  We had a wonderful time and brought back with us a love of many things Belgian.  1.  Fries, the Belgians are brilliant at fries, and as a sign of good fortune, a few years ago, Point Brugge opened up in Point Breeze and catered to our cravings.  2.  Beer, the Sharp Edge has been around for long enough that we have never felt a deficit on this one.  3.  Chocolate, Chocolate Moose, and Eureka and others have made sure that we have access to the really good stuff.  But.....Number 4 True Belgian Waffles have been denied to us UNTIL NOW.  Real Belgian Waffles are NOTHING like their Eggo kin, or even like the waffle press stuff that we can find at breakfast buffets all over.  These waffles are not just pancake batter thrown into a waffle iron.  This is thrice leavened sweet dough with pearlized sugar that results in a layered waffle that is both delicate and chewy in texture.  As I sat in this very cute, very tiny space, I saw a number of folks pass (I assume based on the $3 price for a basic waffle).  This is only because they know not what they miss.  For one thing, the best (and I apologize the the good proprietors of  Waffalonia if this hurts revenue) way to eat these waffles is straight up and plain (they are sweet on their own with no accouterments).  You take them wrapped in a napkin/paper, and you can walk around Squirrel Hill tempting everyone that you pass with their aroma.  This is pretty much the way it works in Belgium--at least in Bruges.  The ice cream toppings, Nutella, etc. are great but not really critical, although as long as the toppings allow you to walk around afterwords, pile 'em on.  The point is that these waffles are designed not as breakfast treats, but sweet treats that you can walk the lovely eclectic shops of Squirrel Hill with (too bad they are not in Shadyside).  These are not your mom's waffles, unless you came from Belgium and your mom had a special waffle press, access to the right type of sugar, and the patience to let her waffle batter rise three times in order to create the perfect waffle.  If all of that applies, I humbly stand corrected.
4	Hooray for another dessert option in Squirrel Hill, and bonus points for providing something other than ice cream/fro-yo and cupcakes (I love those things, but more variety is good). This is in the space of the former Dozen Cupcakes, so it's quite small. There are three stools and three little counters towards the back of the shop if you want to eat there.The waffles are quite good--gotta love the crunchy bits of pearlized sugar. If you're taking them to go, the best way is to order them plain, as Vikram's already said. I ordered mine with speculoos spread, which is this gingerbread-flavored spread--delicious, but not really portable.  I wouldn't get too crazy with the toppings even if you are eating in, because then the waffle goodness gets lost. But if you really, really want to load on your toppings, one of the waffle varieties you can order allows for an unlimited amount of toppings.I love waffles, and I'm glad they've arrived in Squirrel Hill, saving me trips to either Shadyside/East Liberty (Oh Yeah! and The Waffle Shop) or Point Breeze (for Point Brugge's brunch).
4	We finally got the chance to stop in today. Wow, these things are good. And affordable. We started out with one and it was so good we got another.My only gripe: Please get a couple real tables and chairs. Trying to balance on a rickety Target barstool and cut a waffle on an 8 inch deep piece of wood attached to the wall is neither fun nor going to end well. I know there's not a lot of room in there, but there has to be a better solution.
5	What was once the site of our beloved Dozen that has now turned into the Pittsburgh Cupcake Conglomerate (I still love you!), now houses the newest and delicious dessert niche yet. Waffles. Yes, WAFFLES.I have had the distinct pleasure of enjoying waffles here three times since its opening. Every time has been enjoyable and tasty. The waffles are made with dough instead of batter, which is unique to the traditional American waffle experience. Nutella is excellent, but for a real European treat, try the Spekuloos (a spiced flavor reminiscent of Christmas.) Waffallonia is themed like a train station, complete with maps and minimal seating. Seating is probably the only issue, but frankly the space is so small, there is little that can be done. I hope to see this business expand in the future and the people of Pittsburgh expand their waffle horizon.
4	I discovered this place while waiting for the 64 bus after leaving the Manor movie theatre.  The place was small and the sign in front is barely noticeable and I fully expected to see Dozens bakery when I looked through the window, but I was pleasantly surprised to see waffle irons at work.  I have been dying to find a place that serves fresh hot waffles for a long time now. My boyfriend and I tried the fancified versions of the waffle at first, mine topped with whipped cream and fresh strawberries and his with a chocolate-hazelnut spread (I can't remember if it was Nutella or some other brand) and sliced bananas.  Regardless of the small "dining" area we were fully satisfied with our waffles.  They were warm and fluffy and light so you get a fulfilling snack without it being too heavy.  Perfect snack after the movie while we waited for the bus.  We stopped in on a different occasion after dinner on a cold rainy day to grab a few of the plain sugar waffles to go.  These were perfectly portable and delicious.  I think I prefer them this way, without all of the extra toppings.  One other thing that I like about this place is that they accept cards, which is very convenient for people like me, who never carry any cash.  It's too bad that I don't live in Squirrel Hill anymore.  Otherwise, I'd stop by more often.  They need to advertise their shop a bit more because I had no idea that they were there.  I even missed the sign in front.  I love the idea of the waffles being made right in front of the glass window though.
3	While this might be one of the best places to eat waffles in Pittsburgh, it is extremely pricey. $3 for a waffle only as big as a four inch square is too much! Now that I have that out of the way, about the actual waffles: The plain waffle is sweet on its own, and best eaten plain. A warm waffle with the caramelized sugar on the outside is simply delicious.I definitely recommend going there once, but personally I will not go regularly, unless they reduce their prices to $2 a waffle.
3	This might have been the most mediocre experience ever. I'm a big fan of liege waffles and I've definitely tried a lot so I can say that these waffles don't make the cut.  My main complaint is that the dough is so tough, and really hard to eat. I don't want to saw away at my waffle and chew on it forever just to enjoy it. It was kind of bland too. I also get sketched out when the server looks like he doesn't know how to serve your waffle and has to put his fingers all over it just to put on a topping. =/
5	I'm addicted. I actually signed up for Yelp specifically so I could post a review. I've been to Waffallonia like seven times in the last few days and every time I get something different. It's awesome. The dough is sweet and chewy - the waffles have more of the consistency of thick, slightly-crispy croissants than of American waffles.TRY THE SPECULOOS. It tastes like graham crackers and spices turned into a spread, like nutella or peanut butter-- it's truly awesome. The only complaint I could have is that the service isn't great about half the time. A couple of servers have put their hands all over my waffle when preparing it (ew) and the plastic cutlery just seems cheap and shoddy (not to mention it's really hard to cut your waffle when you're using plastic knives). I've also seen a server picking a hair out of the waffle batter before. Gross.Other than that, highly recommend this place to anyone and I'm definitely a hooked customer! I wish they were open for breakfast!
5	This stuff is as close as it comes to what you find in Belgium. For your first time, I would recommend getting it plain to taste all the sugary flavors. My favorite is the 'Antwerp" with the Speculoos ice cream! Gaaaah, I've already been there three times, it's a wonderful addiction! The bossman was super cool, laid back and throughly answered my questions while carrying casual conversation with me.Their interior is SOOOOOO much better than what Dozen's made it out to be. Their menu board is an adorable train station-like departure/arrival board. They also have a cute vintage clock and an awesome divided map of Belgian. I love the stools and wall tables, nice and quaint. This place is meant to pick up a waffle, mingle for a little bit, then be on your way. It is NOT A RESTAURANT, so don't expect there to be multiple tables and lots of space to your leisure. Perhaps they will have outdoor seating when the temperatures rise, but you have to pay the city that. It has a similar feel to La Gourmandine bakery where in France they take their viennoiseries and leave. So so pleased that this popped up in Squirrel Hill. Don't think it's kosher, though.
5	i love belgian waffles and this place does them right. it's a small place with very little seating and a simple set up, but don't let that fool you. the waffles are delicious. im not a huge fan of nutella, but the nutella ice cream is on point. i hope this place can succeed, make sure you check it out. belgian waffles are hard to find, don't miss out on an opportunity to get one if you're in this area.
5	Stumbled on this place.  It's a small store with only a few bar stools to enjoy your delicious waffle, so it's easy to miss.  Delicious!  Yep, this ain't your ordinary Eggo waffle.(extra credit to the server who excused himself to wash his hands after he sneezed)
4	Waffallonia opened up a few months ago and finally checked it out.  The authentic Belgian waffles were different from what I expected, made with dough instead of batter, but so good.They have a number of different options for toppings on your waffle. I got Nutella with whipped cream, and it was bomb.  It's a tiny place, so if a few other people are there you might not have a place to sit, but still worth it for the waffles. It was cheap and the girl at the counter was helpful in making my waffle selection.
4	I honestly didn't know a waffle could be this good.  You must try one but be warned that they are addictive.  You WILL want more! So warm, and chewy.  Go.
5	Ahhh, Waffallonia! The stuff dreams are made of!I had eagerly been awaiting the opening of Waffallonia for months, as I had heard they would be serving liege-style waffles. Having seen several glowing reviews about them throughout several publications, they were certainly hyped up quite a bit before I finally went. I finally made it out for a mini "Squirrel Hill Day" (aka "Diabetes Day" - a trip that consisted of Rita's, Waffallonia, and bubble tea) and indulged myself in some incredible Belgian dessert waffles. Waffallonia certainly lived up to the hype! Their waffles are slightly crispy on the outside, as they have a caramelized exterior and a soft, warm interior. I got a waffle with Biscoff and whipped cream - both of which slowly melted into the crevices (and into my heart!) Seeing as this was the first time I'd ever had Biscoff spread, I was INSTANTLY HOOKED. To this day, I go to Waffallonia on a regular basis just to buy a jar of the stuff.Only setback is that it's REALLY tiny with very few seats. Then again, I kind of find that sort of thing cozy and urban. Don't worry - the prices are decent and it never gets too crowded.
5	Stopped in today with my husband and little bro and sis. Wow, when these are fresh off the waffle-making-doodad they are GOOD. I had the one topped with ice cream (Dave & Andy's, natch). It's so rich and just delectable. Perfect for sharing too. Staff were nice enough and prompt.My only complaint, again their seating needs some serious rethinking. I'm pregnant and about the LAST thing I like to do while eating is to simultaneously attempt to balance myself on a tiny, slippery wooden barstool. Please upgrade, Waffalonia!
5	I took one look at their Speculoos ice cream and knew this was the place. It does not get better than a Belgian waffle topped with Speculoos--a Belgian spread made of crushed gingerbread cookies that, in my opinion, beats Nutella and any other. I first had Speculoos on bread 2 months ago and loved the ice cream version at Waffallonia so much that I asked if they sell it. Unfortunately, they make it right in the shop and it is not for sale alone. Nonetheless, I highly recommend it! Cute shop, very local feel.
5	These waffles are so good (so good!). I could eat them every day. The speculoos spread is real tasty, too.
5	Earlier this week, a friend recommended the Antwerp--a glorious Waffallonia waffle crowned with your choice of ice cream (get the speculoos) and chocolate sauce. I have since been here twice. I have ordered the Antwerp twice. Every bite is divine. Divine. TELL ME HOW YOU DO IT, WAFFLE-MAKING DOOHICKEY, because every Belgian waffle  you've birthed is equally perfect, with a crispy, carmelized sugar exterior and warm, doughy innards. And, while not at all necessary, the speculoos ice cream adds a rare and wonderful Biscoff-flavored goodness.  Seating is terrible. I don't care.
5	My husband and I adore this place.  Despite having been incredible fans of Dozen (we had them cater our wedding brunches), we never went to their Squirrel Hill location.  But then we discovered Waffalonia, and go pretty much once a week.  It is the perfect opportunity to go on a short walk and eat some absolutely delicious waffles.I actually don't mind the seating - I don't think the store owners really intend for the restaurant to be a place where you hang out indefinitely with your friends.  Could it be that?  Sure.  But by depriving you of proper seating options (which, btw, I can't say has ever bothered me... my husband and I hang out in there with no problems whatsoever) they make you focus on what's important, and that is how freaking delicious their offerings are.  My husband and I talk until we get the waffles, and then there's just silent munching and mooning over the waffles until they are all gone.  And then we start talking again, usually about how awesome the waffles are and how glad we are that there's a place like this in Squirrel Hill.Just as a funny side- note, for those of us who grew up in the 80s, try to think of the Animaniacs song, but with Waffalonia instead.
5	Seriously, one of the most interesting new places around.  It's tiny, but makes up for its lack of square footage in deliciousness!  One waffle will fill you up for sure! It's crispy and sugary on the outside then delicious and doughy on the inside! I wish I wasn't at work or I'd go get one right now!  Seriously, do yourself a favor and try Waffalonia, you will be back for sure!
5	I've been to Belium, this is the best I've had since then.The attention to the batter is clear- the waffle alone is worth 5 stars.  Combine it with some strawberries or Dave and Andy's Ice Cream? It gets better.The prices are very reasonable and the waffles are surprisingly filling (be open to sharing one!).
4	Taste like Belgium waffles to me!  Comparable to NYC Waffle and Dinges, with more flavors of ice cream to choose from (I loved their pumpkin spread and pumpkin ice cream).  Very tasty, could use more fruit toppings but I'm happy with what I got for sure!
4	Sooo...Corinne and I after a satisfying lunch at Bangkok Balcony ended up making our way over to Waffalonia. Best decision of the day. The girl at the counter was super nice and let us try that delicious concotion in a bottle "Spacculos" which she described as tasting like a graham cracker it was guuud. Test tasting is always fun. After we had our fill of samplings we order two waffles and sat down and split a hot cocoa. Luuuuveed it.
4	Fun spot to hit.  Simple, yummy and different.  Not a lot in terms of space or decor...  but a fun concept that is worth adding to your list.
5	Just get a plain waffle, THEN get junk on a second one.  The plain waffle is how it is meant to be eaten.  These are great.  I am happy this place opened.  I drove all the way to NYC to eat this same waffle off a truck that drives around there.  NOW- I am not pregnant, AND i don't have to drive very far at all to get an authentic waffle.  Love the Pearl Sugar (it is the sugary balls of goodness that make the not horribly sweet dough waffle POP with sweetness on and off during your chewing sensation).  We go here OFTEN for dessert. TOO GOOD.
5	This is one of the best treats I've had! I definitely recommend it for all of it's options are delish! I might go broke because of this new discovering!
5	OMG! That's all!Okay, the waffles are really really really good! I love that they are not too sweet. "Too sweet" is my pet peeve. I love desserts, but if all I taste is sweet, then I have an issue. In these waffles, you feel the pearl sugar in your mouth. A little pop of sweetness. The pearl sugar caramelizes to leave the outside of the waffles crispy while leaving the inside moist and delicious. I am so glad that Waffallonia replaced Dozen!
4	Waffalonia is a small shop, where the old Dozen Cupcakes used to be in Squirrel Hill, that serves up authentic Liege waffles. The space is tiny, enough for a prep area, cash register, and two tiny breakfast bars to  eat inside on - which is interesting because I haven't really seen a good to-go method from here.The variety of simple selections is made complicated by the menu - naming waffles after various regions of Beligum and associating toppings with them. To make things easy, you pick a waffle, and optionally spreads, ice cream, whipped cream, and fruit toppings. There is only one important option: Speculoos, a sort of graham-cracker-butter imported right out of Belgium. If a hearty smear of this on top of a warm fresh waffle doesn't turn your worst day around, you might need to see a psychiatrist.The ice cream comes from Dave and Andy's. I've had it once and, not being the biggest ice cream fan, thought the portion way too much - but people enjoy ice cream(you presumably would if you ordered it..) will probably rejoice over this. A plain waffle costs $3, and toppings are about $1, but an unlimited-topping waffle is $6, so prices stay very reasonable. Also, be on the lookout for seasonal specials: The pumpkin waffle(with Speculoos AND pumpkin pie spread was out of this world).
5	I'm from Belgium, so I know a thing or two about waffles (and I do feel slightly offended by what Americans call "Belgian Waffles"). Pittsburgh is absolutely wonderful; I can get real mussels and frites at Point Brugge, I can get a ton of Belgian beers on tap at Sharp Edge, Pittsburghers love their fries almost as much as Belgians, and now I can eat real waffles at Waffallonia. The waffles here are delicious; like most people do in Belgium, I simply eat them plain, but I wouldn't be opposed to trying them with toppings (especially Speculoos spread!).One suggestion for Waffallonia: try to make sure people don't automatically associate these waffles as breakfast food (not that you can't have them for breakfast). In Belgium, I'd say the most popular time to eat a waffle is either 3 or 4 in the afternoon, or late at night after some beer at a cafe. Generally they're best on cold, rainy days (which Belgium has in abundance), so it's smart of Waffallonia to have Dave and Andy's ice cream toppings for tasty summer consumption (the summers here are much hotter). As for price - despite needing to import the pearl sugar from Belgium, their basic $3 waffle is actually priced pretty much the same as a waffle would be in Brussels or Brugge; it's completely reasonable for the effort and ingredients involved in making the waffles.
5	Hungover, againInternet - do not fail meWAFFLES; Happiness
4	Orgasm for the mouth......... soft and sweet but not too sweet. I had the nutella banana waffle and adored it. My friend had the strawberres and cream and liked hers as well. My waffle was not cooked all the way in the middle, and I didn'even blink an eye I just kept swooping that delicious forkful of belgian inspired wonder right onto my tongue. Coffee is priced fairly cheap just drip coffee buts ok in a pinch for coffee. I love lattes and cappucinos so I would love if they had this option on their menu, but that would make it more of a patisserie than a waffle shop. All in all fun little stop great snack to warm you up from your shopping trips down murray ave. I don't know how it compares to Oh yeah's over in shadyside but after comparing yelp reviews I chose it over the 3rd waffle shop which is close to Oh yeahs (name escapes me). The only gripe I have with some of the shadyside eats and treats places including Oh yeah's are the hours catering to nightlifers. That may be good for business but you're missing business from us thirty somethings who graduated kindergarten and love to enjoy brunch at brunch time (sunday morning to afternoon!) :)
4	My wife and I will definitely go back! The waffles had a nice crunch to them and the toppings were simple and delicious. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was because the coffee I ordered was stale and cold.
2	Yes, the waffle was soft and sweet, the toppings were yummy--but the dirty feel of the place and apathy of the young man waiting on us makes me not want to go back.  No customer service at all.  Hate to say it, but that's what really sealed the deal for me.  Blah!
5	These waffles are amazing. Not only is it really cheap, the waffles are extremely filling. I can't finish one by myself!The waffles are made from balls of dough, not batter, so the waffles are extremely dense, rich, and just heaven on your mouth.everything tastes delicious on them because the waffles themselves are so sweet that you feel sick! i personally like nuttella, strawberries and bananas mmmmm.the counter guy is also really really nice ^^I brought a really picky friend here, and he walked away after we ate them claiming that Waffallonia waffles were like "crack" LOL. :)
5	soft, warm, sweet, absolutely delicious! I tell almost everyone I meet that they must go to waffalonia to have a waffle if they haven't yet. I would come to Squirrel Hill just for Waffalonia.
3	After a Belgium friend vetted Waffallonia, we knew we had to try it. After dinner, we had our stomachs set on dessert. We both ordered the original sugar waffle. The waffle came piping hot off their grill. While it tasted delicious sweet, I thought it would have eventually have a harder consistency. I'll be back give Waffallonia another try. Their space is small but on the flip side they take credit cards.
4	A little gem in the old Dozen Bakery Building.When the waffles are just coming off of the iron they are out of this world. Take a stroll by and if you see they are being made, now is the time to stop in. Sugared Waffles soo good, they need nothing on top. But Nutella and fruit definitely don't hurt.
5	I told Jensen ("counter guy") I'd write a raving review as he bases his self-worth on the quality of the opinion of yelpers. Luckily, I don't need to embelish. Let me start by saying I can eat. I know how to eat. A lot. These waffles were...really. good. I got about half-way through mine and was full. Full off of half the serving of 4 bucks of heaven in your mouth. I don't know what happened to me, but I couldn't finish it even though I really wanted to. I've been wanting to try this place for a while, and heard the specaloos was worth a taste. Got the spread and bananas on top of a waffle...warm and cooked just enough to melt in your mouth, served with a knork (knife/fork--smart). Yes, it's small. Yes, there are only like three little counter tops with a couple of stools. But it's worth it, and this kind of weather allows you to walk down to the bottom of murray while munching on a plain liege so you don't feel like you need to go to the gym right after!expecting to make this a regular stop.
5	Small place. Great waffles. Stop in.
5	INCREDIBLE!! Three words... Waffle with Speculoos! Simply amazing!
5	Really very good sugar waffle, like the one in Belgium. Yes, really. Good, that good.
5	Fantastic. We got a Charleroi, and it was just everything I'd hoped they could be.
5	It's hard to write coherently when the memory of this place keeps urging me to just shout "AWESOME!" "MORE!" and "WAFFLES!"  But I'll give it a shot.  Waffallonia produces, by a wide margin, the best waffle I've ever had in Pittsburgh and one of the top 5 waffles I've had in my entire life.I'd eat these waffles for breakfast.  I'd eat them for lunch.  I'd eat them for dessert.  I'd eat them for a snack.  I'd eat them out of boredom (my doctor says I shouldn't do that, but then again, she's never had these waffles).  I'd eat them in the rain.  I'd eat them on a train.  I'd eat them on boats and with goats and in boxes with foxes.  Look, you get the idea.  They're delicious.(The menu is limited and seating is all but nonexistent, but neither is likely to significantly affect my future patronage of this fine establishment.)
5	The best waffle you will lever have.  Get the biscoff peanut butter stuff.  It's great.
5	I'm a sucker for waffles and I'm even a bigger sucker for dessert waffles! This place is great - albeit a little pricey - and worth any trip! I also love that they have late hours and I think it's needed in the area!My tip: Make sure whatever kind you get to be sure it has nutella on top! Sooo good and tastes great with their waffle batter.Only negative (which is crazy minor): I wish they had more than one waffle option. I'd love to see some seasonal waffle batters!
5	Great waffles with wonderful homemade whipped topping and fresh fruit! Limited, but quaint seating area (counter stools along walls in back). Staff was nice.
5	Hands down the best waffles I've ever had.  When you get your waffle, it doesn't look like much on the plate and you might even get a pang of regret for paying the asking price for it,  But once you have your first bite, you won't remember why you ever felt bad about getting it!  That was my first experience at Waffallonia.  Getting waffles or pastries for breakfast / brunch is usually something I reserve as a treat and not something I do everyday, so whatever I get definitely has to be good or I won't return.  But I'd absolutely come back to Waffallonia.  The decor of the place is simple since it's in a small space, but it has a cute travel theme to it with a menu board that looks like an old-time flip arrival/departure board in airports and a bar and stool area for eating. They also serve coffee/espresso options.
4	Very tasty waffles. The prices are fairly reasonable and the service was fast. The place is very small. There's seating for about 6-8 people total and the narrow entranceway is also where the line forms. When I showed up, after finishing my waffle, I had to navigate a large gaggle of people waiting to order.
5	The waffles here are spectacular! Very close to the ones served in Belgium. Highly recommend!
4	Consistently tasty.The waffles here are unlike any waffles I've had before. I have visited this place upwards of ten times in the past year and I enjoy the consistently tasty selection. The ice cream is amazing and it's nice to have a fresh fruit option.I highly recommend this place as a morning date... though it may also be good as a late night snack. Try the speculoos!
5	I walk by here too often and love all of the waffles they offer.  get the waffalonia sometime and add on nutella, ice cream, speculoos spread, whipped cream, strawberries and bananas.  Its best shared with one other person; their waffles are always a pick me up for me.
4	What is there to be said about Waffallonia that hasn't already been said?!Hot, fresh, fluffy waffles. Another thing that's been said to death but I'm going to say it anyway: get the Speculoos!!!! Maybe my only complaint would be that I wish they had even more toppings (Jams and seasonal fruits would be awesome).You'll never want to eat a mediocre Oh Yeah waffle ever again.
4	Tucked into the tiniest of storefronts along Murray Ave. in Squirrel Hill is Waffallonia. We're talking NYC apartment small people. But location-size doesn't matter in this case because it's all about the waffles.Waffallonia starts its attack on your senses from the very moment you walk by the door. Once inside, the sweet waffle goodness entangles your brain and instantly causes drool. You're doomed from the start.There are six set menu items all involving the star of the show... liege waffles. If you're not familiar with liege waffles they're light and fluffy yet crispy and made with pearl sugar which adds a hint of sweetness. Because of that sweetness, I view the waffles as more of a dessert, but these waffles would be good at any time of day. Seriously. Waffle cravings can hit you at any time of the day.I ordered the "Antwerp" which is a liege waffle, your choice of Dave & Andy's ice cream, and chocolate sauce. I chose speculoos ice cream mostly because I had never had it before but vanilla, chocolate, and a few other ice cream flavors are available.The waffle itself was dense yet airy. And the speculoos which tasted like cinnamon, cookies, and heaven plus the chocolate sauce created one of my new favorite flavor combinations. I would have liked the pearl sugar to come through with a little more sweetness but don't let stop you from trying something from this tiny shop.Waffallonia is a must stop when in Squirrel Hill... before, after, or instead of dinner.
5	Waffles! Delicious, warm sugary waffles! You can't ask for anything better than this. Also the utensil of choice is the knork. That's kind of awesome.  (PS if you're worried, you can't cut your tongue on the knife edge too easily. I tried.)
3	This place became a must-dessert place to me and my friends. I usually have waffle with strawberry and whipped cream and prefer to the ones with ice-cream. Love it. However, the taste is not stable yet, at least to me. The female cook makes better waffle than male cook. Even though, I will be there and willingly experiment with all kinds on the menu more.
3	Went here after hearing my friends rave about it for months.Was a little disappointed, but probably because I was expecting too much. It's not really a good place for breakfast, but I think good for snacks/dessert.The shop is very small and there is little seating. We had to stand up and eat our waffle when we went in, because some group had decided to use the place more like a coffee-shop and were watching videos. Since there are only 5-6 stools there to begin with, this was a problem.We had the strawberries and whipped cream waffle which was tasty and were going to go for a second waffle but the crowd started bothering us, so we left.Good place just for dessert and if you don't mind a crowd or standing up while you eat.
5	I ate here a few Sundays ago with my girlfriend for breakfast.  We had been wanting to try this place for awhile and often saw a line out the door as we drove by.  However, the morning that we went was perfect for us and we were actually the only two people in the restaurant in the 15 minutes or so that it took us to order and eat.  The menu is located behind the register and seems to be pretty simple and also very affordable.  They have 5 different waffles and toppings combinations to choose from as well as that you get to pick the toppings.  After looking everything over I decided on having the Bruges and a coffee while my girlfriend decided on the Charleroi.  I received my coffee right after ordering and we went and sat down at one of the small bars around the side of the place.  I would say that it probably could only seat about 8 people at a time.  I then decided to try the coffee and thought that it was ok but not great.  Shortly thereafter our waffles came out.  The Bruges came out as a sugar waffle topped with strawberries and whipped cream, just as I expected while my girlfriends sugar waffle came out with bananas and nutella.  I really enjoyed my waffle with my favorite part surprisingly being the waffle itself.  It had a nice sugary flavor to it which I do not know that I have experienced in a waffle before.  My girlfriend thought the same and also really enjoyed her waffle and toppings. The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in the future, even for an after meal treat.  The waffles far exceeded my expectations and while I do not think that a single waffle itself is enough for a meal, they are definitely cheap enough that you could buy multiple things without feeling much squeeze on your wallet.
5	Loved it. Great waffles - I lived in Holland for years and had my share of Belgian waffles - and they would make native proud! Extra nice that they have real Douwe Egberts coffee :) not expensive either
5	I spent some time living in Brussels and had to resist (or happily surrender to) the enticing aroma of gaufres in the metro station each day.... So I was delighted to find Waffalonia when I moved back to Pittsburgh! The waffles are authentic: so good that they are perhaps best served plain. Heads up, though; The waffles are made quite slowly (only about 5 min, but longer than what I had experienced in Belgium). Check out the Speculoos ice cream! It's made locally (by Dave and Andy's) and it's divine. ...Now if only I could find a place that served frites with andalouse sauce, I would be in true Belgian bliss!
5	I was so glad for a new snacking experience to open up in Squirrel Hill.  A Waffles to boot.  The waffles are amazing, very reasonably priced ($2 for a plain waffle and not much more with toppings which has Dozen, the previous occupant beat for value) and mine was still warm when it was handed to me and full of bits of carmelized crunchy sugar goodness.  Thank goodness it's a mile walk from my house.  Any closer and I'd be there every day
5	This is such a great idea for a small business.  I don't know anything about its authenticity, I've never been to Belgium, but when I visited Pittsburgh to plan my move there, I ate breakfast at Waffallonia and it was wonderful.  It has a great location, cheap but healthy fast food, a very quaint, simple, and modern interior and when I finally move to Pittsburgh, I'll be eating here all the time.
4	Located in Squirrel Hill, this place is very close to Razzy Fresh (frozen yoghurt), so it is always a toss up between the two. Sometimes the smell of fresh hot waffles draws me in to this place, but other times I am simply craving waffles and ice-cream. I fell in love with the waffles and ice-cream combo ever since I tried it a couple of years back in London and now I am hooked - I need my fix every so often. Waffallonia makes the waffles to order (i.e. hot) and they have a decent assortment of ice-creams and fruits (vanilla ice-cream ans strawberries with a sugar waffle is the best combination IMO). They also have Nutella, chocolate sauce and some other toppings available. The reason for the 4 stars is that the place is tiny (hardly any seating space inside), staffed with usually 2 people (waffles take long to make especially since they are to order) and that parking is always a pain (street parking). I usually go at night (around 9:30pm), which is when I can find parking easily and the rush is also less. However, I do rate this place as a must try if in the Squirrel Hill area or if you do not mind driving down.
5	The smell of the waffles is what has lured me into this tiny "hole in the wall" store on many occasions.There is hardly enough room for 5 people to stand in at a time.... but the waffles are Oh SOOOOO Good...so what if you have to nudge elbows with the guy at the next table while relishing the warm, one that melts in your mouth waffle that you ordered!   My personal favorites are the Bruges( though I prefer ice cream over the cream) and Namur, but you can't go wrong with any of the other topping combinations.
5	Is there anything to not like about waffles?  These are my second favorite in the Burgh (am partial to Point Brugge) but this place clearly wins for the price and convenience factor.  My go-to choice is the Speculoos spread, which can be somewhat dry so it needs to be accompanied by ice cream (speculoos or cinnamon.)  I love the ambiance inside as well, cleverly decorated and makes me feel like I'm waiting for my train to arrive.  There's even a Brussels guide book to peruse while mentally voyaging to the land of Waffallonia.....
4	Oh delicious crispy, fluffy belgian waffles. Don't forget the nutella or the biscoff to your waffle! I love that their menu hanging against the back wall makes you feel like you're in an airport in Belgium. There are several different fruit/ice cream toppings to choose from. My only complaint is that the place is tiny!
4	I'd like to thank Yelp for helping me find this great place! I searched 'desserts' & stumbled upon the reviews of Waffallonia. After seeing they were open till 10 & we live in Oakland, I woke up my bf from an evening snooze and said "Lets go get waffles!" We shared the unlimited one for $6 and chose vanilla ice cream, strawberries, bananas, & chocolate syrup. It was delicious!! We will be back to try all of the great varieties. Thanks Yelpers!UPDATE:  service blows by the way. I mean its completely non-existent every single time. This review is only for the waffles. Also, I've ventured off and tried the specloos.. AMAZING! Make sure to get Nutella on your waffle!
5	Went here with my friend to get a sugar waffle with Speculoos and cinnamon ice cream.The first thing that hits your face is the heavy scent of fried sugary dough.  The size of the restaurant is very small but the service was fast and there was enough seating for everyone who wanted to quickly eat their waffle.  The waffle itself was the best waffle I had ever had in the Pittsburgh area.  It was well worth the 6+ dollars and they have a digital frequency card so you get a free waffle with every 10th purchase. Yes, 10th. It sounds ridiculous, but I believe I'd come here 10 times within the next month. Hello diabetes.
5	So far the best waffle in Pittsburgh. Still miss the waffles in SLC. Try the ice-creams
5	The waffles here are to die for.  Having been to Belgium, I can say that these are almost just as delicious.  It can be a bit pricey but for all the waffle and toppings that you can get with it, it's definiely worth it!Try the waffle with vanilla bean ice cream and fruits/chocolate sauce! The map on the wall is also cool to look at while you're waiting or enjoying your waffle.
4	Great waffles, good prices. Options are a little limited on the toppings but all are high quality.
2	Maybe I hit this place on a bad day. My wife and I stopped in here on a whim for a snack. We split a waffle with whipped cream and strawberries. The waffle was pretty good -- if a bit too sweet for our tastes -- but the tiny little shop was uncomfortable and the service less than cordial. The "tables" are thin wooden boards nailed to the wall and it was hard for us to sit and relax on the high rickety stools. I was also put off by the attitude of the young woman behind the counter. There were no other customers when we arrived and she was too busy with something on her smartphone to pay much attention to us. With almost a sigh of annoyance she took our order and prepared the waffle, then went back to her phone before we could even get the sticky, dripping plate of waffle and melting whipped cream back to the "table" (only three steps away). For a $5 waffle, I expect friendlier service, and a more comfortable atmosphere. Needless to say, I don't think I'll be going back.
3	Ventured to this place on my visit to Pittsburgh.  Very small intimate place and the fellow working there was quite friendly.  The menu was a cool looking board that reminded me of an old school ticker board.Now the food, ordered the waffle with strawberries, banana, and gnutella on top.  Everything was delicious together except the waffle itself was lacking.  I compare all my waffles to this tremendous place in Seattle called Sweet Iron, but this one wasn't too shabby.The nutella overwhlemed the flavor of the waffle at some point and if you know anything about nutella, it's pretty thick and difficult to eat when there's too much of it.  Also ordered the hot chocolate which was actually quite good.  I won't be returning to Pittsburgh soon but I'm happy I made the jaunt out to Waffallonia to try it out.
3	This review will be in two parts. The waffles. Five stars! Holy crap they are good! Crispy, yeasty goodness smeared with nutella and topped with strawberries and bananas. It was delicious and gone in about two minutes. Go to Waffallonia for the food........and take it with you anywhere else to eat it before the obnoxious staff ruin it for you! We were not in a hurry so we thought we would just eat in there. They have about six seats against the walls. The place is TINY. Apparently, it was shift change. Someone's girlfriend was waiting on them and they enjoyed talking to her and making faces rather than making my waffle. What? You used the last dough? why not walk to the cooler and get another tray instead of spending five minutes bitching about it in front of customers! Oh, and, as you are leaving for the day/your break/whatever, don't stand three feet from us (the ONLY customers in the place) and  complain about how no one who comes in tips very well. Last time I checked, you get tipped for doing something OTHER THAN YOUR JOB. Try being personable. Try focusing on making my food rather than talking to your lady friend. The staff = zero starsIn closing, go to Waffalonia and get a delicious waffle. Then, walk out, without tipping, and enjoy it somewhere more pleasant.
4	So I didn't go to the ACTUAL store, I just went to the kiosk in Schenley Plaza, but I'm sure the food is the same.The waffles - very doughy and tasty. I like!Speculoos, nutella, strawberry, bananas, whipped cream, YUM. They didn't have ice cream the day that I went and I think the guy felt bad cause he gave us a lot of the other toppings. It was great.I love waffles.
5	Strawberries, bananas, AND Nutella on a delicious sugar waffle?  So, so good.
5	Liege waffles-simple and delicious
4	I have nothing bad to say about the waffles or toppings -- it has all been said. Simply fabulous, very fun.However, some things about the experience here could be improved. The seating area has tiny, precariously wobbly stools to sit on-- something more substantial would make a big difference. Also it is very challenging to eat the waffles with that very-flimsy plasticware. Finding a sturdier alternative, or even actual metal, washable utensils for the customers would be a tremendous improvement. Furthermore, their bathroom smells very strongly of mildew and bleach (don't sit near it), and service can be iffy-- sometimes cheerful, helpful and wonderful, other times someone gruff and grim is working the counter. CHEER UP, DUDE! YOU WORK AT WAFFALLONIA!!!!
4	Liege waffles are where it's at! And by 'it', I mean crunchy sugar fireworks in your mouth. Toppings from Nutella or Biscoff spread, to ice cream and fresh fruit. Not for the dieter.
2	As everyone else has mentioned, go for the waffles, leave for the service. I went there a few days ago, ordered, and the too-cool-for-school guy behind the counter almost ruined it. For such a small business, you'd think the owner would read all of these Yelp reviews and figure out that the service (and this guy specifically) is hindering the business!I said hi and excitedly said it was my first time in and asked him to explain how it works. He looked at me like I was dumb. Then I ordered, paid, and just stood there, waiting to sign. He was using an iPad, and every time I've used my card at a place with an iPad, I signed the iPad. A couple minutes pass where I'm standing there awkardly, assuming it was slow to process my card. Then the girl working comes over and looks at something on the iPad and says "that's funny." Eventually I realize that I'm waiting for no reason, and say "I guess I don't need to sign anything?" Again, with the annoyed, pompous look. I go to sit down and wait a decent amount of time and have no clue what the two at the front are doing. It was slow to get the waffle, but of course, it was delicious. Although others would say going there for the waffles is worth it, I feel like not going back just for the service alone.
4	Instead of a long wait next door, I decided to try Waffallonia for the first time.  I ordered the waffle with Nutella, bananas, and strawberries.  At first the serving size of one waffle looked a bit small for my appetite.  However, joke was on me as I started digging more and more into this brunch.  The waffle was very filling and so good.  There were sugary bites that reminded me of a funnel cake.  The fruit was fresh and everything tasted great mixed together.  I am happy there was a wait next door which prompted me to try this as it was very worth it.  The atmosphere was cozy as well as the few seats inside were pressed up against a tiny counter.  Waffallonia was a cool place with fantastic waffles.
5	So good that a one hour drive doesn't stop us ... Delicious!!!Best combination, Nutella+banana+ cinnamon ice cream!!! We love it!
5	One of the best liege waffles I've ever eaten. The waffles are are made from yeast dough instead of batter. It has such a buttery, rich taste. The texture is just perfect. Really soft and moist. Not dry like some other liege waffles I've had. This place is one of the places I miss most about Pittsburgh.
4	The waffles here are surprisingly good. I ate here once and couldn't stop thinking about how delicious the waffle was for about a week before I went back to get another one. Although I usually like everything covered in chocolate (especially nutella), these waffles don't need much. They are really perfect with just whipped cream (and possibly some fruit.) The cinnamon ice cream is also amazing and I absolutely recommend it (with or without the waffle).The space is really small, but if you're taking your food to go or eating when the place is empty, you'll be fine. And for some reason (I don't know why) the waffles at the Squirrel Hill location are better than the Oakland location..
5	Waffles are amazing. The speculoos and nutella ice creams are a must-have.The only down side is that there are not many places to sit.It's only annoying because sometimes students decide that this is a good hangout spot, leaving others to have to stand and eat their stuff. So if you do go here, be courteous and when you finish eating, leave so the rest can have a seat and enjoy!
5	Waffallonia is always a good idea. Now that the seasons have changed and the Schenley Plaza location is closed, I had to go to the Squirrel Hill store to get my fix. The shop is tiny and somehow manages to seat 6 at counters inside. Also at the shop they have ice cream that you can add to your waffle. The flavors for ice cream seemed amazing but I was there for one thing and one thing only: liege waffles. I settled on the monthly special which was a waffle with chocolate syrup, whipped cream and crushed candy cane.  Usually my son and I split a waffle with nutella but  we changed it up that day and the change was good.
5	My partner wants to fly back to Pittsburgh just to get more of their waffles.
4	Nice waffle and friendly environment. The toppings are great and tasty. It's just a bit too sweet. Come here with friends would be a great choice for brunch or afternoon tea.
3	This place is definitely overrated. Waffles are good but nothing amazing.  Also overpriced. Staff is crappy and inattentive. They would rather answer their text messages than help you. Do yourself a favor. Go to Whole Foods. Get some Julian Belgium waffles and some Nutella and you have about 99% the same experience.
5	I cannot get enough of this place. I try to go any excuse I can. I've never had a waffle quite like this. They're a denser dough than your typical waffle with a caramelized sugar crust that is so good on its own. The toppings make them even more amazing. This place is a must stop!!
5	I've been wanting to come here for months! I love waffles but I don't eat them that often. My brother and I shared a waffle that had Nutella, sliced strawberries and bananas and whipped cream on top. Warm, rich and delicious! I was also glad to find out that there's carry-out! I can just stop here after work and take a couple waffles home! This is now one of my new places to get a special treat! Waffles in- cupcakes out!
5	Oh so good!!  I love a good waffle and my wife is generally ambivalent about them.  We went there one morning and were the only people in the place (which was fortunate since it is the quintessential "hole in the wall" with maybe 5 or 6 seats all together.)  I got Nutella and whip cream and my wife got strawberries and whip.  The toppings were good, but the waffle was amazing.  The yeast batter that they use creates a really tender waffle, while the sugar they use creates a delicate crispy crust.  These are so good, I brought one to my wife in the hospital the day after she had our son as a reward!  She, the ambivalent one, liked them so much.  We will definitely go back for seconds.
5	These waffles are toooo good. Anything you have here will rock your world.
5	Just YES. These are no ordinary waffles. Soft and chewy with sugar nestled inside (though you have to be in the mood for a dessert this sugary). I love the 'Antwerp'....a warm waffle that I get with cold cinnamon ice cream on top. Have tried the other ice cream flavors, but I think the cinnamon is the best. I could go there everyday....but then I'd be 300 pounds, so I don't.....but I could.
4	Ordered Antwerp (Ice cream & chocolate syrup) and . Waffle size was about 5 x 5 inches with ice cream of 3 inch diameter (huge)! Ordered cinnamon ice cream for the topping, which was very cinnamon. Waffle was crunchy outside, well heated, however inside was much chewy than I prefer. Coffee was prepared in a separate area. There was only one person behind the counter, -who was very friendly and had a great smile- so the ordered items came in with about 3 minutes difference. This may be something to be aware of if you're in a hurry.The eat in area is a counter facing the wall with 6 seats in total. The seat I took was wriggling when I sat down, hope this will be replaced with a new stool or at least get it screwed tightly.Taking out the plain waffles and having a walk around the area would be a nice plan when the weather gets better.
4	I'm glad places serving primarily waffles are popping up, because I love waffles!The waffles here aren't big...they're more of a yummy vehicle for tasty toppings.  I ordered a waffle with cinnamon ice cream, speculoos cookie butter, Nutella and bananas.  They forgot the Nutella, but it was still really dang good!  My husband had said he'd have "a bite" but basically ended up eating half.  Uh huh!The cinnamon ice cream is so good, and paired well with everything.  My only regret would probably have been the speculoos...next time I'd skip that and demand that they remember the Nutella!
3	This place didn't live up to the hype. We ordered the waffle with vanilla ice cream and chocolate sauce. The ice cream pretty much masks the waffle but the waffle was doughy and plain. It didn't have the character if a traditional crispy and light Belgian waffle.  The ice cream was good, not great. A bit grainy.  The place is really tiny and the service was slow. It's worth stopping to try but I didn't find it anything more than an average snack joint. It was pretty underwhelming.
4	My favorite Saturday and Sunday morning breakfast spot.I always get the speculoos spread on one of their waffles with strawberries or bananas. The spread has the consistency of peanut butter but is made of biscoff cookies. Not a huge fan of the coffee here though. I'd skip it and grab yours a few doors down at commonplace coffee.
1	Not a fan of these waffles. Unfortunately I wasn't a fan of the dough that they used instead of batter which almost seems uncooked. Really disappointed also by the fact they  didn't have much ice cream options left and oh wait I found a tiny screw in my waffle... Be careful when you bite in!
4	I came in looking for a snack and a snack is exactly what I got. I ordered the Bruges waffle, and it came piping hot, about the size of a small party plate, with diced strawberries and a swirl of whipped cream on top for about $5. It was the perfect snack for a Sunday afternoon. Only problem was the middle of the waffle was a bit raw. But that didn't stop me from digging in and eating most of it. It was delicious, the strawberries were perfectly sweet as well as the whipped cream and even the waffle had a crunchy sugary top. My friend got one as well with chocolate ice cream and they do not skimp on that scoop of ice cream. It was large and definitively worth the additional $2. However, I found the ice cream to be a bit chalky in flavor but my friend loved it so go for it if you're thinking about it. What you might not get in quality, you definitely get in quantity.
3	After a day out and about a friend and I decided we'd like to go somewhere for dessert, and since Gullifty's is no longer an option, we hunted around google land and the Yelp list, only to find mostly a list of bakeries, with only a few notable places where 'dessert' was more than an afterthought.We ended up in Squirrel Hill, aiming either for ice cream, or 'whatever else we might find', and a) after seeing Waffalonia on Yelp; and b) seeing a man standing a block away eating one of the waffles, we decided to give it a try.If it weren't for the twink zombie behind the counter, this would have gotten four stars, but somehow the vapid personality-less little boy with a t-shirt that looked like an army of moths had attacked him from the front, did absolutely nothing to win over that fourth star. I mean seriously, call Vanna and buy a personality for $500.The menu is very small and limited...you've got waffles, and toppings. Strawberries, bananas, whipped cream, Nutella, some other 'spread' made out of graham crackers that I've never heard of, and that Zombie boy either didn't really care to explain, or he really didn't know exactly what it was, and a few ice creams to choose from. They have four or five 'preplanned', or you can build your own. Prices range from $4 to $6. The atmosphere was a little lacking, three wall shelf 'tables' with kind of rickety stools to sit at as you faced the wall and ate your waffle. I wouldn't call it a 'hang out and chat' kind of place. I'd call it a 'go in, buy your waffle, eat your waffle, and go' kind of place, and that's pretty much what it is.BUT, once you get past the undead behind the counter and place your order, and sit and chat a few minutes while the waffle cooks up, you are served a VERY nice little dessert.The waffle was very tasty, and the toppings were just right. Not too big, not too small, and the Nutella spread just reminded me of exactly why I do NOT buy jars of the stuff for home...one lick, and the entire jar becomes a meal in one sitting. It really did hit the spot, and it didn't break the bank. Worthy of the price.I would say that if you've gone to a movie or to dinner somewhere in Squirrel Hill, save room for dessert and give them a try. And maybe if you go in with a fresh wound, the counter boy might perk up a bit...but I'm just guessing here.
5	Our family had our minds blown by the AWESOMENESS that was found here!  Never tasted waffles like this before.   the ice cream w as also out of this world. Made an excellent impression on us our of towners
4	The Waffles are delicious... if you get the right staff member.Peek in the window and see who's there. If it's not a brainy Black guy with glasses, reading a Jane Austen book then KEEP WALKING. He's the only friendly staff member who GIVES A DAMN about your waffle.
4	I am so glad that belgian waffles are not available anywhere near to where I live.  Because if they were, I would be much, much fatter.  I saw that there was a belgian waffle place near to where we were staying while visiting Pittsburgh, and we happened to be able to stop by one night for dessert.  Okay, I lied...it wasn't chance, we may have planned on visiting all along.Anyway, Waffallonia is a small waffle shop near the top of Squirrel Hill.  Although I only tried the plain waffle, they have a variety of toppings, including strawberries, bananas, nutella, and ice cream.  The waffle was great - just the right king of chewy dough and crunchy sugar you want from your belgian waffle.  Just a quick note here - maybe the fact that they don't open until 11 should be a hint already, but these are dessert waffles, not breakfast waffles, unless you want a fairly sweet breakfast.  So plan accordingly.They make them right when you order them - we arrived at a bad time and had to wait a while for ours, but also means that when you do get your waffle, it'll be fresh and pipping hot.  Yum yum yum.
4	I've gone back a couple times, and service has improved immensely! I'm not sure if that one employee had his hours cut or what, but ever other employee I've had has done a superb job at being friendly!
4	It's a small joint. There are only 9 stools, so not much seating is available. It's quiet too. This gives Waffalonia a low-key atmosphere. But let's be honest, you're considering Waffalonia for the food not the atmosphere! I had a seasonal special: the lemon and blueberry waffle. The sweetness was over the top. You can taste high amounts of sugar in the waffle and in the lemon sauce. The blueberries were the least sweet of the plated items, but this was simply a result of relativeness. I liked the hint of freshness/liveliness that the berries provided. The lemon sauce added degrees of creaminess and sourness to the waffle which I liked. Lastly, the waffle itself was both fluffy and crispy which made for a pleasing textural contrast. The waffle was definitely on the heavier side.If you have a sweet-tooth, then Waffalonia is spot you should check out in Pittsburgh!
4	Straight Up Delicious Waffles. This place is not your traditional waffle shop. It's a hole in the wall with minimal seating and has these syrup crystals in the dough to make the waffles delicious. Most of the waffles are $3-5 which makes them affordable. They have a bunch of your standard toppings too.The waffles are made to order and the service is also usually very friendly.Definitely try and get some right after dinner for dessert. You'll be glad you did.
5	If you live in Pittsburgh and haven't been here, you need to get there. If you are visiting Pittsburgh, you have to stop here! The size of the waffles are extremely generous and are super filling, so if you're coming after dinner you might want to split one!There is are quite a few combinations you can choose from so you can mix it up each time for a different taste. The ice cream with fresh fruit is hands down my favorite!
5	Delicious desserts! The waffles aren't like normal waffles, more sugary. And I love that they serve Dave and Andy's ice cream with them. Not a great place to sit and eat though
5	My best friend and her hubby brought me here with very high expectations and I can definitely say that this place had exceeded my expectations. All the toppings were superb especially their Speculos ice cream. The waffle is the big secret and it's amazing how perfect the consistency is. I will definitely make this my Pittsburgh habit.
1	The waffles were great but the customer service was awful. It was so bad I literally just made an account just to share how off putting our experience was. My girlfriend and I walked in and stood in line reading the menu for a few minutes trying to decide on what to order. The guy working there was staring daggers at us for some reason, in between him texting on his phone, though it seemed obvious we were not familiar with the place. I asked for two "Waffallonia" which was a waffle with unlimited toppings. I told him I wanted every topping listed on the menu above the "Waffllonia" and he wrote down that we both wanted the same thing before my girlfriend even had a chance to decide. After she asked him politely for no bananas, a different ice cream and no chocolate drizzle he huffed and puffed as if she asked him to sacrifice his first born child. Somehow he still managed to screw up our order. He gave us both the same ice cream, I could see that he realized immediately that he screwed up but apparently he didn't care enough to do or say anything to us up front. In addition, or subtraction really, he didn't put either whipped cream or chocolate drizzle on mine as well.  He just shoved our orders back to us and he seemed to just want us out of there. I just wanted to get away from that place as well. I don't think I'm ever going to go back if that jerk still works there. It's not worth the time or money to put up with that type of treatment. If possible I'd give them 0 stars but the waffle was good so 1 seems appropriate.
5	Waffalonia is definitely one of the most unique dessert spots in PGH.  Their waffles, which are always fluffy, rich, and delicious, are made with pearl sugar, which caramelizes when the waffle is cooking on the iron, giving it a unique flavor unlike American waffles.  I've been to Waffalonia twice--once to this location, and once to the stand in Schenley Plaza--and both times, the waffles have been incredible.  The first time, I came here and ordered one topped with strawberries and whipped cream.  The second time, I went to Schenley Plaza and ordered one topped with speculoos (spread made of ground up cinnamon Christmas cookies) and cinnamon ice cream.  For both of them, the flavors of the toppings complemented the waffles nicely, providing a delicious and balanced dessert.  The staff can be kind of curt at times, but deal with it--the waffles are worth it.  Both this location and the Schenley Plaza one are basically take out only, so if you need somewhere to eat your waffle, you can take it across the street and eat it on the bench at the park by the post office.
5	One of the most incredible desserts I have ever come across.  The sugar waffle is so nice and moist, I had it topped with strawberries, bananas and vanilla bean ice cream.  It was such a satisfying sweet.  Best dessert in pittsburgh hand down.
5	Whether you live in Pittsburgh or are in from out of town, this place is a must visit! The sugar waffles are heavenly. The ice cream is silky smooth (flavors rotate but i recommend the  speculoos and cinnamon varieties if they have them). Additional toppings include fruit (strawberries and bananas) and a variety of flavorful spreads. No matter what time of a day it is, Waffalonia is the perfect place to satisfy your sweet tooth.
4	Wafflonia is a unique place with amazing desserts...if you can find it. The location is tucked back among other businesses and not super well advertised on the street or store front. They make Belgian waffles fresh right in front of you. There are variety of toppings to choose from. I always get a waffle with chocolate ice cream, strawberries, whipped cream, and warm Nutella drizzled over it. The portion sizes are huge though, so I recommend splitting it with a friend or loved one! Even between two people, it can be hard to finish. I think my total usually comes to be around $6 and some change. Not bad for a fresh dessert big enough for two!It's open pretty late for the kind of business that it is. The staff, in my experience, is always friendly. My only complaint is that there isn't much of anywhere to sit, and it's hard to eat one of these things while walking. If you're not the only ones there when you go, you may have a little bit of a struggle.  But the treats are so good that it doesn't really matter!
5	The ultimate best and most delicious thing in the entire world.I have never ever had a bad experience  here and have been completely satisfied every time I've gone over the past three years. Squirrel hill location is a bit better than the one in schenley park, but both are great!
5	Two words: sugary and crispy. I do not know what and how they make their Belgian waffle batter and I do not care. Their Belgian waffles are the best I've ate (other than ones in NYC and that's not fair). You have the options of getting it plain, with spreads and or ice cream. I highly recommend getting a spread and ice cream. My favorite combination is speculoos spread ( a type of spread made of shortbread cookies) and a scoop of vanilla ice cream (where you can actual flecks of vanilla bean). The combination of the hot Belgian waffle and thick speculoos spread is cut with the vanilla ice cream and is the best way to end your day.
5	Oh man. Waffallonia rules. In general, I'm of the mindset that breakfast foods should not be eaten for dessert -- in fact, my hubby and I have an ongoing argument about this topic (donuts being our latest point of contention). However, I was convinced once to give the mighty liege waffle a try for dessert.....and MY.MIND.WAS.BLOWN! The score is now: Tricia, 0, hubby, 1, breakfast-foods-as-dessert, 1. I concede that the waffle can in fact be a delicious post-dinner treat.These waffles are unlike traditional breakfast waffles. They are thick and doughy with a crunchy, caramelized layer of sugar coating the outside. The waffle on its own is sweet enough to make a yummy dessert, but I always opt to load up on the toppings, because, heck, if I'm eating dessert, I'm going to do it right! I love the waffle topped with strawberry, bananas and Nutella,or a scoop of ice cream (speculoos in particular is to die for!) and chocolate sauce. The space inside this place is really small with very limited seating, so your best bet is to take your tasty treat to go. The staff aren't the friendliest folk -- most of them seem to hate their job and it shows. Regardless, even their surly demeanor can't take away from the amazingness that is the liege waffle.
5	I'm not usually a big fan of waffles but stumbled upon it looking for ice cream one evening with my husband. All I can say is the scrumptious Belgian waffle with its sugary crisp + Nutella + vanilla ran ice cream was out of this world!
5	holy crap. nutella ice cream.
4	I don't come here for the waffle. I come here for the waffle EXPERIENCE. Freshly made in front of you, served warm and dripping with melting nutella, strawberries, and whipped cream...It's one of the few special dessert places found in Pittsburgh, definitely a spot to hit up!A small, narrow store with a LOT of people but very limited seating (I never understood the logic behind that). There are only two guys behind the counter, one taking orders and another making waffles fresh in front of customers. So be prepared for a bit of a wait. I ordered the "Charleroi" sugar waffle w/ strawberries, bananas, and nutella for $5.25 but I would recommend paying just a few cents more ($6) to get the Waffallonia with unlimited toppings (including ice-cream).
5	Perfect when you're craving something sweet and warm. Not a lot of seating, but it's rarely too busy. The cinnamon ice cream is the best and the sugar waffles are amazing. Warning: twice now I've tried to share - be ye not so foolish! You'll definitely want your own.
4	Best food ever... seating was tight but the food was so good. It's worth the squeeze as every bite brings you closer and closer to heavan.
4	Definitely would recommend this place! We ordered the Antwerp (waffle with ice cream and chocolate sauce) and we were in a chocolatey mood so we went with the chocolate. Everything was very high quality, the waffle had a unique flavor and combined with the rich, creamy ice cream, it definitely hit the waffle spot. A bit pricey, but if you're looking for a treat, it's well worth it! The seating was limited and the environment wasn't all that conducive towards staying and eating as the place is rather small.
5	Waffle was tasty.  I had the plain with nutella and strawberry. The staff is friendly and the coffee is great.  If you have a sweet tooth for breakfast or are seeking a middle of the day dessert, I would highly recommend.
5	You can safely order anything on the menu, because their waffles support ANYTHING. The speculoos is delicious, the ice cream is tasty, the fruit is fresh -- you just can't go wrong!
4	Mouth-watering waffles! I got mine with nutella, bananas, and strawberries and ate every bite! The prices are very reasonable, but the store is quite small so there isn't much seating- more of a grab and go place. Overall delicious and would definitely recommend for anyone with a sweet tooth!
4	I finally made it to Waffallonia!  One of the only innovative dessert places in Pittsburgh, and it was delicious.  I wasn't expecting to love this place, but the hot waffles with toppings were so much more than I hoped and dreamed.I ordered the Namur Waffle ($4.80 with tax), which was bananas and nutella on a waffle.  One of the Squirrel Hill magazines also had a coupon for a free topping so I added some Speculoos ice cream ($2 value).  The waffles look so small, but they are actually the perfect portion and don't need to be any larger.  The actual waffles are really unique and delicious and would be good without toppings, really.If you can, eat the waffles at their little counter space.  They are the best hot.  Otherwise, they will package them to go.They take credit cards, and there is no minimum.
5	I don't know how I've been living in Squirrel Hill for so long without having come here before.Ever since the first time I stepped foot in this place last month, I swear I think I've been back once a week. If my fiance hears me say "Waffallonia" one more time, I think the wedding is off. But it's really that good.The place is small, but I actually like taking the waffles to go. Bobby and I like to split one but I think we will have to start ordering our own waffles soon. We've had some fairly dramatic fork and knife fights. The "one at a time" rule is nearly impossible when you're confronted by a sugar waffle topped with both Nutella and Nutella ice cream (because can there really be such a thing as too much Nutella?)Seriously y'all, I think I hear choirs of angels sing when I walk into this place.
2	Not sure why the high reviews. Ordered a hot chocolate and the Bruge. The strawberries were mushy and over ripe. The hot chocolate was watery and had chunks of hard not edible looking pieces in it. The waffle itself was good though.
5	Places like Waffallonia makes me love the Pittsburgh food scene. This is a great little place that you can walk by a hundred times and never know about. The service is always quick, the concept is great, and the food is even better.
5	The absolute best waffles! If you want anything close, you will have to buy a plane ticket to Belgium!
5	Ice cream on a waffle! What more could you ask for! Awesome place for people with a major sweet tooth!
