5	It's nice to travel with a high roller . . . while he endlessly feeds dollar slot machines two at a time (and amazingly hits three lions twice an hour on average), you get to eat and sleep luxuriously absolutely free. I've stayed here several times with no complaints, other than the fact that this is one huge property, and anywhere you want to go is usually a ten-minute hike from wherever you're standing. In keeping with the theory that bigger is better, even the smallest guest rooms - at 446-square-feet - are spacious, with sitting areas and luxurious marble baths. Recently renovated West Wing accommodations have a very contemporary design, with flat-screen TVs, DVDs, and Bose wave radio. The pool complex, featuring pathways meandering through lush landscaping, waterfalls, fountains, and bridges that cross a gentle-current river along which you can laze in an oversized inner tube, is one of the most spectacular in town. This is one of the few places in Vegas that still presents mega-star entertainment; on the upcoming schedule are Paul McCartney, the Rolling Stones, Billy Joel, and Tom Jones, and KA, one of Cirque du Soleil's extravanganzas, has settled in for an open-ended run. Add to this a huge casino with thousands of slots and table games, seventeen dining options - including the inevitable buffets, and those here are tops - ranging from the elegant Emeril's to the 24-hour Studio Cafe, and a deluxe spa where you can work off all those calories, and you have little reason to leave the grounds during your entire stay. Room rates start at $89.99, suites at $139.99.
4	I'll be up front with you: the only reason I stay here is that they give out pretty reasonable player's club discounts fairly often. Otherwise it would be far to rich for my blood. Having said that, discounts are pretty easy to come by even if you're not a gambler. The tower rooms are nicely sized and as long as you don't mind walking a bit (including ~1 mile to get to the pool) everything is hunky-dory. The restaurants are pretty good and the overall service is excellent. As an aside they also have this great little mechanical horse racing quarter machine that is a perfect way to kill some time and a roll of quarters at 4 am when your drunk and broke.
3	They've managed to stay modern enough... but still, this is a cool place to stay, not to hang out. On that note, the only really cool casino on this sideof the strip is the Mandalay Bay... so, try and stay on the other side of the strip if you can.
5	I'm commentng soley on the poker room. Outstanding!  Chairs are some of the most comfortable in Vegas.  Sure, Wynn's chairs/tables are nice, but who can enjoy them when cramped so tightly with a million other players. MGM's room is spacious and classic.  Tables are all automatic to move games along.  Service is quick and frequent.  MGM also offers a poker room rate for frequent players or those comitting to playing a certain number of hours/day.  Chips are nice and heavy- easy to shuffle/do tricks with.  Dealers are nicely chatty but efficient.
3	Only reason to stay here are the pools and the great restaurants. There are five altogether,the best being the Lazy River which is the longest in town and is really alot of fun. The restaurants here are all outstanding. Emeril's is great but they're strict about the dresscode (well excuse me I thought this was a vacation). Other than thepools and the gourmet food the MGM has nothing going for it. Guest rooms are starting to show their age,stained carpets,scratches and nicks on the furniture--long overdue for an overhaul. Service is sadly lacking. And the place is just too damn big. It takes forever to walk from your room to the pool. No fun,especially with kids. They dohave big name performers sometimes,I guess that's one more reason to stay here. But there are better choices,I think.
4	Came here for a wedding and everything was fantastic from the decor to the service and the food.  MGM Grand definately gives you a luxury feel of a Vegas hotel - if you're looking for a cheap escape to Italy or France, there are other hotels to stay at.  We also saw Cirque du Soleil's KA there and the experience was amazing - KA had the most intrique set design that I've ever seen and the action packed sequences and acrobatics were definately edge of the seat!
5	To me, Vegas often smears into a giant mutton-dressed-up-as-lamb Slurpee.  If you're not one of the high rollers, I feel that the service is generally crap, I inhale tons of smoke, and overpay for bagels.  How nice to have arrived at the MGM Grand West Wing and been pleasantly surprised.  Note:  the West Wing rooms are different from the other rooms in the main part of the hotel.  The rooms are nice and modern; somewhat in the direction of the rooms at the various W Hotels, if you've ever stayed there (but put a star next to that b/c you aren't paying $300+/night to rest your lil' tired head at the MGM Grand).  The showers and door to the bathroom were frosted glass and there's a TV in the bathroom.  The radio is a nice Bose radio that could devour most other alarm clock radios in other hotels in which I've stayed.  DVD player in room.  Overall, a cool room (we didn't mind being a 15+ minute walk from the parking garage).There is a great lounge bar called the West Wing Bar on the first floor in this area of the hotel.  The drinks are kind of expensive ($10/cocktail) but well-built.  The music is cool and they have great couches to slouch around in.  The only thing that could suck for you is that it's a thoroughfare for people to get from point A to point B so there is a lot of foot traffic.  However, we couldn't figure out what points A and point B were.  The key here is whether you enjoy drinking and people watching and making up little conversations about the people who walk by.  Assuming that you aren't confined in a mental hospital, this might be the place for you.  For example, we like weird little things so we thought it was awesome when a guy came by and set two bananas down on a table along with a glass of rose filled with ice.  Why'd he do that?  And then the waitress kept coming by and calling us "kids" and kept trying to help us manage our light sources (lamps), which made us howl when she walked away and try to figure out if she was wearing pants.When our remote control turned up missing (not a result of over consuming at the West Wing Bar) they brought a new one up in 5 minutes!The pool complex is great; they have an adults only pool and, although I have no problem with kids, this pool seemed to be deserted...so we hung out there a lot.  They also have a lazy river you can float down which looked like fun but I didn't try.The casino is like every other casino to me...bling-bling, yeah, yeah, who-hoooooo, Wheel...of...FORTUNE!  Doesn't that WOF slot machine freak you out too?I'm normally not a big "Vegas fan" but had a fantastic time at the MGM Grand and will definitely make it back there at some point.Update:  I tried the lazy river.  It rocks!
4	I like the MGM. I'd of course much rather stay at Mandalay or somewhere else like that, but MGM is certainly good for the price. The general atmosphere of the place is really nice, and it's nice to see that they make efforts to keep up with the times; I first started coming here when I was in high school, and it's great to see how much better things like restaurants and amenities have become.My complaints are that it may be just a little tooooo sprawling, and it sorely lacks a middle of the road priced restaurant.
4	Wow what a great place to stay.  Granted if you're in Vegas, then you'll probably be out and about most of the time.  But after a hard day's fun, you've got a nice clean and comfy room to come back to.  I spent 4 days here and during that time had a blast at the Black Jack tables - didn't lose the shirt off my back, whew!The buffet here is quite a deal... LOTS of selection and they even have champagne brunch options.  If you're racking up comp points, however, spend them at Bellagio instead - they've a better buffet.  While you're here, don't forget to catch a show or two.  My friends and I got to see Cirque du Soleil's Ka and it was a mindblowing good time.
4	I have to agree with Andrew S. all the way about the feel of Vegas...it does lack all the fancy shit that the rest of the other hotel/casinos have, but HEY...it was one of the firsts like its kind in Vegas to be built lets not forget!!!My sister actually got married in this hotel at the Forever Grand Chapel in Studio Walk of MGM Grand.  The staff was very friendly.  Her package was not so bad in price.  The wedding planner was very accomodating to all her needs for her "special day".  My favorite part of the chapel was the large dressing room which fit her and I, my mother, my daughter, and her sister in laws which mind you she now has 5. Talk about marrying into a larger family.  The photographer was very patient with my screaming daughter during the pictures and the minister was pretty funny.  The ceremony was a nice long 30 minutes.The staff in the chapel were very warm and friendly.  My only gripe is that you're not allowed to take your own pictures inside the chapel during the ceremony.  I mean shit its not like they have an alter with 100 year old Jesus hanging over it.
4	stayed here because i got it for a good rate.  the room was clean and comfortable.  casino wasn't too bad.  found the pool area to be very relaxing.  stay away from buffet.
4	tons of stuff in here. from shops to the hottest restaurants... everything is here. but it STILL lacks a lot. the BUFFET is amazing! that was probably the best part of the whole experience there.
5	place was great! good room, good gambling, good food, drinks, and service.  everything was great except for the fact that i kept on getting molested by my friend, dirty dave. =\
4	its one of my favorite hotels and casinos in vegas. has lions, a bit ritzy, but the rooms are nice. but the place is freakin hard to navigate.
3	Ummmm....not the best hotel I've stayed at in Vegas. "Wizard of Oz" theme rooms. Small rooms I might add. The pictures of Dorothy, The Tinman and The Lion are kinda creepy. Casino is like a maze...hard to get around. Oh yeah...if you happen to be sitting at the slots at like 4am, which is normal for Vegas, there's this guy who keeps coming 'round asking if you want a MGM Player's Card. Why? I only go to Vegas like once a year and spend less then $500 on gambling. Cool thing about this place is the Lion's den.
5	MGM Grand is a cool place. It's hip without being tacky. We stayed in the West Wing, which is "hipper" and cheaper than the standard rooms. It's smaller and better suited for couples and/or young adults. There is a bar area on the floor (unused at the time) and in the lobby! A TV in the bathroom is both really cool and disgusting at the same time. I'll pass on the remote, thanks...There's lots to see for both kids and adults. The pool is huge and really nice with a lazy river, lots of bridges, tents for groups, and watertoys. Sadly, it was raining the day we were there so I didn't actually get to go in. MGM wouldn't be MGM without the lions. You can walk under their glass floor and see more of their glory than you ever wanted to. We ate at The Grand Wok and Sushi Bar, an Asian restaurant (duh), and 'Wichcraft, the sandwich place on the corner. Though I was really surprised by the authenticity and great taste, we probably wouldn't have eaten at Grand Wok had we not been provided meal vouchers ("not without coups, baby..." ahhaha, Dane Cook is hilarious*...). The cool folks at 'Wichcraft gave us a free cookie as a consolation for selling-out on a sandwich. Prices at both of these places aren't life-threatening. Also, Emeril has a restaurant here... and he is freaking awesome. They fly their fresh fish in via plane everyday, and you will pay the price. Rainforest Cafe is great for kids.Check-in pissed me off. They have no formal line, so people kept cutting in front of me. If ever I felt compelled to kick an old granny in the groin, it was then. Express check-out was as easy as filling out a card (actually, it was exactly "filling out a card"). I would gladly stay here again.*Not even a year ago... such an idiot. (06/27/07)
4	MGM is one of my favorite hotel in Vegas and I would stay here every time I am in Vegas if it was in a more central location! The staff are very friendly and accommodating. They let Pat G. and I check-in at 10am and upgraded us from a standard room in the Grand Tower to a BUNGALOW SUITE! The view outside our window was not breathtaking, but I loved our room. The style is modern, but very classy and none of the decoration was tacky. There was an extended living space that included a sofa, television, coffee table and chair. The bathroom was HUGE with a separate tub and shower. What I enjoyed most about this hotel was the POOL area (5 pools, 3 whirlpools, river and waterfall).  A perfect for place to relax in the sun with that special someone, enjoy the a drink or two and people-watch :-)!
5	The MGM hold a special place in my heart for the many memories I've had here.  A perfect mix of classic and chic, it is the ideal spot for twenty-somethings to stay on the Strip.  There are plenty nice dining establishments (Nobhill, Seablue, Shibuya) along with the traditional Grand Buffet, swanky lounges (Rouge, Tabu, Centrifuge), the  meandering Lazy River (lots of attractive lushes), and beautiful rooms featuring black & white photos of legendary movie stars and marble bathrooms.  We had an amazing view of the Strip from the 25th floor, a chaise lounge, a California King monstrosity to come home to, and the housekeeping staff checks in a few times a day.  The tables are usually pretty good to me... I've had ample beginners-luck there.  Moderately priced and in a great location, the MGM Grand (named for the first 3 lions Metro, Goldwyn, & Mayer) has yet to disappoint.
4	MGM was really a pleasant surprise since I was sneaking into a room I knew to be vacant; it turned out to be a beautiful suite, and the former guests had left me part of their welcome gift from the hotel staff: a bag of "mashuga-nuts" and plenty of Perrier water. The Mashuga-nuts I could take a pass on, but I always appreciate a hotel that provides complimentary Perrier to its special guests. Favourite feature, of course, was the bathroom, with luxurious white marble and detachable Kohler shower-head, with little gold MGM lion on it. Everyone knows what detachable Kohler shower heads are good for. Special plus of staying at MGM, of course, is that they have the best movie selection around. I hesitate to admit it, but it was with much exuberance that I lay in bed, sipping Perrier, and watching Ice Age II: The Meltdown!
2	did not like this place.  Decor was dark and manly.  Like a man's den or a bachelor pad.  The buffet was okay.  The restaurants on Studio Row look delicious but very pricey.  The lounges and nightlife was hot and happening which saved the MGM a one star rating.
2	This place really blows. I went there with 3 of my boys and they screwed up our reservations.  They gave us coupons to use on the buffet but the food was really nasty. If you're in Vegas and want to check out a buffet, don't go here - go to Excalibur. The clubs are pretty crowded but the crowd sucks. Rooms were OK, nothing special. Guest service did not really do much for us. The hotel is so big that it's practically impossible to provide top notch service. Only good thing was that it was close to other, better hotels like Luxor and Mandalay Bay. MGM is basically a tourist trap for those who are attracted to the price. I guess you get what you pay for?
3	MGM is a hit or miss place.  Sometimes, you can get great service and a good price.  Sometimes, it is a mess.One good thing about this place: the casino.  I have always won at this place.  Very odd....
4	I'm on this MGM thing now and I've stayed here, oh, about the last 5 times now. They keep sending me free rooms and I always have fun here. Yes, I'm losing a buttload of cash, but hey, it's only money... I don't think the rooms are bad, mainly because I don't spend much time in them. But it's not like they're horrible and you just absolutely can't spend a minute there. The WW is nicer, but the rooms are smaller. The older rooms are fine, but the huge face pics of old time stars is kinda scary to me. I guess I just don't like people or pictures watching me sleep. Oh and the always empty concierge desk they have on some of the floors is kinda annoying. Just remove the stupid things already. I've gotten great service and my trips have been fun so far. I also like that the casino is so big, and it's not "the" place to be like Wynn, so you have a pretty good chance of finding the right table/slot/bar/club for you.
1	I was only here for 1.5 hours. Lost $25. I'm not really angry, but why should I be happy about losing money?
4	This is the hotel where most Asians stay at.  I guess it's because they got that lion statue going on and we, Chinese, think lions protect us.  Damn the superstitions. Two beds in a room is good enough for ... say, 6-7 ppl.  The beds are cool.  Windows are spacious and nice, overlooking other people's windows.  Dancing drunk in front of it so everyone could see is a must.  Fully clothed, of course.  The bathroom is also spacious and nice.  The tub is VERY comfortable ... I made a bed out of it one drunk night because I didn't want to cramp up with my girlfriends in one of the beds.  One of my friends came in to use the bathroom, unknowingly of my tub-presence, and almost pissed in the tub aka on me.  Thank goodness I wasn't piss-tified because I wouldn't of woken up for I sleep like a baby when intoxicated.
4	I like the updates that they've done here.  The hotel rooms are fairly spacious with nice marble features in the bathroom.  They seem to be in the midst of updating the casino layout as well.  Since they've added a Poker area, it seems to garner a lot of interest.  It's definitely improved since the last time that I was there.
4	For some reason, I have always liked the MGM.    Maybe it's because it's close to the Airport or maybe because it's close to the Pinball Hall of Fame.  It's a large, very large hotel typical of what you'd see on the strip.   The hotel itself is really nice.   The rooms are big enough and the bathrooms are pretty large for what you need.   There are plenty of places to eat and gamble.  If you are a wandering soul, the MGM is a good place to start your hike up the strip.   Will I be back?  You bet I will!
3	Good place to stay if you are on the corporate dime and they won't let you stay at the Four Seasons...okay, this is really several tiers below the FS but I try to tell myself otherwise...at least the pool is epic.
4	I didn't actually stay at this hotel, but I spent a good deal of time here and it was fantastic. Wolfgang Puck's restaurant was amazing. Very classy but not snobby. We sat next to Robin Leech, sweet!The decor of the hotel is beautiful. The lions are gorgeous and I actually came here just to see them!I would love to stay here the next time I go. I only gave it four stars because I didn't see or stay in the rooms.
5	I love the smell of the MGM Grand in the morning. Smells like... bachelorette parties.
3	DRAMA! DRAMA! DRAMA! DRAMA! DRAMA! DRAMA! DRAMA! DRAMA! DRAMA! DRAMA! DRAMA! DRAMA! DRAMA! DRAMA! SO MUCH DRAMA AT CHECK IN!Upgrade to 1700 sq foot suite for the entire length of our stay?! There's even a hot tub on the 800 sq foot balcony over loooking the strip?! YEAH!What drama?? This place is awesome!!The centrifuge bar is hilarious. The cocktail waitresses jump up on the bar, do a "routine" and then get back to cocktailin like they never left. The restaurant options are pretty good, although you're kind of stuck between real nice sit down dinner or greasy fast food. I wish there more for lunch and breakfast.Another highlight is that the monorail drops you right in the Studio Walk area of the lobby. No walkin a HUGE block just to get from the monorail to your place. It was pretty sweet. Its also on the airport end of the strip, so if you wanna grab the shuttle from the airport, MGM is the first stop. It'll take you about 10 min.
5	I love everything about this place, some people dont like it because they say its too big... common'! I love the casino vibe, how it smells, I also like that it has a bridge that connects you to  the NYNY and another one to the Tropicana****UPDATEI finally stayed here, in the basic room mind you. The room was nothing special (couldnt get to excited after staying 1 night comped at Wynn) but its was spascious, clean and better then average.I actually really liked the elevators.If you dont want to get out of your hotel for the day you will find everything (and more) then you need in here, several good restaurants, THE best pool complex, great spa, awesome bars (Rouge, Centrifuge were my favs)Oh! and have I mentioned that after the Frontier was imploded it is now the last Casino to have a Sigma Derby machine!!! (bring quarters, does not accept TITOs or cash)Man, I love MGM.
5	the staff at this place were very nice despite the all star nba thing.  their valet service was efficient...it was a very busy weekend for them...i commend them...
5	We checked in a VIP services and they give THE BEST customer service. To the point where you want to slap them. :) No complaints about this place at all except for the fact that I couldnt win here. Service was awesome.
3	I have stayed at most of the Vegas strip hotels and here are my thoughts.The hotel appears to draw a much older crowd and features tons of gaming area.  Since it's one of the older casino and hotels on the strip, they have expanded in size!Their basic bottom of the line rooms are a bit motel like.  Why?  You have your sink located separately from the rest of the restroom.  These basic rooms in the original towers are a bit on the older side and unfortunately it shows.If you have a rental car, you are forced to park in the very back, walk through their really bad mini-mall and into the casino.  It's a bit of a walk, so be prepared.The pool is pretty good and really enjoyed it.  That is probably the best highlight of the place.TIP: If you stay here, may sure that you do not reserve a standard room unless you must!  The MGM now has 4 brand new towers which are really timeshares rented out the the public.  These rooms are comparable to what you will see at THEhotel at Mandalay Bay and has a modern edge to it.
4	This is as good a place in Las Vegas.  Pretty top notch, very good restaurants and of course, nice casino.  This place rocks pretty much all night, lounges are open and you have Studio 54 nightclub inside to take you over the top.  Ok, yes, the important thing is that I win money here, that always helps a review.  If I lose, probably get a stinker review.  But, the shows are popular, right now, Cirque de Solei (KA) is playing there and its packed!!  Not bad considering they must have spent millions designing the set.  Tickets are well over 100.00 a person so that explains that.  Crazy Horse show is going on too, naked woman but a nice chorus act... reminds me of Moulin Rouge.  Guys will like this, yes!!!  Anyway, hotel is very clean and its a great environment.  Poker rooms are very nice.  And a good sports book so hard to beat this place....
5	MGM has by far the friendliest staff on the strip, everyone was not only helpful but pleasant, and most often, had a sense of humor.  The rooms were clean, spacious, and comfortable.  The highlight of the room was the quality bedding, the only disappointment was an old and non-elegant shower head which sprayed too little water too hard.  So really, I have nothing to complain about.The location is central on the strip and there are plenty of restaurants to choose from in the hotel.  For late night entertainment you have Tabu (an "ultra lounge") which looked promising.  Then there is the classic Studio 54 which offers good dancing to a wide variety of music (as long as you don't mind a circle of older lechy looking gentlemen ringing around the dance floor).The spa and gym facilities are also impeccably classy and worth your time and money.
2	UPDATED 12-28-2007: We've been staying here whenever we've visited this year and I must say this last trip has left a bad taste in my mouth. The customer service is awful. One of our days there the water in the shower turned from warm to cold while I was in there. I was freezing! When I got out, I called up and asked about it. The person on the other hand (JANICE) said: "there is a piping problem and they're fixing it, have a nice day" and hung up on me. I couldn't believe it. On top of that, whereas before the staff were all very accommodating, this time around they all seemed really irritated for some reason.This will be the last time we ever stay at the MGM Grand. There are so many choices and there is no need to put up with attitude when you're on vacation!------------------------------------------------------I'm really glad we stayed here. The room was very nice with those thick comforters that I like. The beds were comfortable although slightly too soft for hubby. Although check in was kinda slow, she did comply to all my requests of wanting a non-smoking room as well as one located closer to the elevator. I do not like those rooms where you have to walk a marathon to get to.The valet parking is pretty efficient also. The valets are very friendly and will help you with directions. In fact, they always ask you if you need directions to get some where. Our only problem was asking them to recommend places to go to -- which, most of the time, they would give us some weird place which we wouldn't even go to in California. Oh well.The casino is also well ventilated, although you can still smell the smoke. I guess that's inevitable. However I do like the fact that you can bypass the casino and walk through another corridor to get to the elevators. We stayed here because we got a really great deal, and I would definitely stay here again if we got a great deal again.
5	There are hotels. And then there are HOTELS. The MGM Grand is, for my money, the best hotel in the world. The green neon just stands out in the nightline of the city. The lobby itself is just to die for. How awesome is this lobby? I would pay rent there and set up a bed and live there, thats how great it is.What I love about this place is that I came out of my room, took the elevator down, and when I got out I saw Rick Springfield in the lobby. RICK SPRINGFIELD!!!!!! Dr Noah Drake on "General Hospital"!!!  the dude who sang "Jessie's Girl" was in the damn lobby of my hotel!!!!!it is just a great, great place thats as close to heaven on earth. I do, however, deduct one star because the MGM Grand Buffet wasn't anything great. But wait! You're saying to yourself, "He deducted one star yet  there are still five stars. how is that possible?" Thats because I give the MGM Grand 1,000 stars so its still more than 5 stars.
1	Ugh...we paid extra for a deluxe room and got sooo ripped off. No bathtub, got bug bites all over me from sleeping in their bed, and the sheets like gave me weird rug burns cuz it was a bit rough.But if you stay here, you're paying extra for the bomb ass shows and restaurants. I mean then again, you could just stay nearby and walk over here.
4	Next to Caesar's, this is probably the property on the Strip I've visited the most in my life.  In my young-adulthood, I was at the theme park incessantly.  That's all closed now, but even though the MGM is quickly making its way toward the Vegas chapter of AARP (that starts at, what, 20 years old?), it remains one of my favourite places on the Strip.First of all, it's super easy to park here and get on and off the Strip without having to actually drive on the Strip.  The parking lot entrance is on Trop and you and exit via Koval and never have to turn onto LV Blvd.  The casino itself has been well kept up although I will forever miss the mini Emerald City at the end of the rainbow.  (Toto was once kidnapped for ransom, no joke.)  There a about a billion restaurants to choose from from master chefs like Wolfgang Puck and Emeril Legasse, and even if you don't like it all you can't say you don't have a choice.  The MGM Grand Garden is good for an arena and I'm amazed at how east it is to get in and out of there as well.The MGM may not be quite as Grand as it once was, but it's doing just fine keeping up with the times.
4	I stayed at MGM this past week on a weekday and it was actually quite busy.  I think there was a convention in the area so that made the mgm a little more crowded than it was used to.  On to the review.. I got booked into a regular room in the Grand Tower.  I believe there are other regular rooms in the older tower but I'm not too sure.  The grand tower rooms were really great, far from what I expected.  The bed sheets, couch, bathroom were all pretty modern and clean.  The bathroom was kind of small compared to other strip hotels like mandalay, aladdin (planet hollywood), and of course venetian or those all suite hotels.  Anyways, the king size bed was REALLY great, it was soft, clean, and came with a lot of pillows.  On to the casino.. they spread pretty much every table game imaginable....bj, paigow, baccarat, etc...   The limits were actually lower than I expected..I saw a few $5 blackjack tables during the day but it was obviously bumped up to $15 and $25 later on in the night.  I liked the fact they baccarat in a separate room away from the other games.  The poker room is rather big for a vegas property.  I counted somewhere around 20 tables with most of them being used.  They spread mostly $1/$2 no limit games with some $3/$6 limit and another omaha game.  I was there during the day (2pm) so I'm guessing later that night other games could have started as well.  Here's a tip: if you play at least 4 hours during your stay you can qualify for the poker room rate which is only $89.99, far cheaper than the regular price.  That's the lowest they will go down I overheard.For dinner I ate at the MGM buffet and was satisfied.  It wasn't "GRAND" as the hotel name implies but it wasn't bad either.  I thought their crab legs were smaller compared to Wynn or Aladdin.  The prime rib wasn't that flavorful ( expected) but I really like their mac n' cheese!  The shrimp wasn't pre-peeled so that was annoying.  The desserts were not memorable either.  Overall it's a good buffet but nothing spectular.  Also for $23.99 (dinner) it was rather expensive.  Thank goodness I had a $25 restaurant credit.  In all I would recommend MGM because it pretty much has everything under its roof....10+ restaurants, starbucks, casino, pool, spa, gym...etc.  I got a real good deal at $59.99 (weekday) /w the restaurant credit, and two drinks at one of the bars.  If you can find the same deal go for it.  I wouldn't pay anything over $150 for a room here on a weekday.
3	Stayed here for New Years. The rooms are spacious, it's steps away from everywhere. The strip mall inside has all the last minute souvenirs you forgot to buy.Don't have much else to say, it is Vegas, so it's all good since 95% of the time you're intoxicated.
4	tHEY Had to Close the Lions mouth entrance upfront cause previously the Asians did not want to play here cause walking into a Lion with an open mouth meant they were going to lose money ( the lion was going to eat your money). So MGM spent millions change the entrance and replace the open lion mouth with a regular bronze lion statue.   The rooms are nicely decorated and fairly modern looking. I am minusing a star for not having a plasma.A 42 inch plasma is a requisite in my estimation. The views of the strip were outstanding.The beds are the most comfortable from all the hotel casinos I have stayed at - Venetian, Luxor, Treasure Island, Hilton and Aladdin.  I must have slept for over 7 hours and I usually do not sleep for more than 5 hrs in Vegas. The bed definitely had something to do with that.   MGM is one of the nicer casinos to play at and they have some of the better restaurants - Fiamma, Shibuya, NobHill, Wolfgang Puck and L'Atelier Joel Robuchon. I ate at Wolfgang Pucks bar and grill since I was not in the mood for French(L'Atelier), Italian ( Fiamma) or Japanese. But I hear they are all very good restaurants.  The Davidoff cigar shop is another plus.
4	This is one of my favorite casinos on the strip; good location; good buffet; nice rooms; nice pool(s); huge casino.  The only complaint is that it's so big, you can easily get lost if you're with a group!
2	The room was comfortable but loud and by 10 dollars it was the better deal on the strip. On my next trip I will be paying that 10 dollars so that I can have better service and a nicer room, probably at Mandalay or Palms. Customer service at this airportesque casino/hotel was really bad. I spoke with probably around 10 different MGM employees over the course of my stay and the 9th person was really nice. Everyone up until then had been impolite. A lot of it was people just speaking in that "I'm not going to take any crap" type of voice and being unhelpful. So on my reservation I had written it was my anniversary and reserved a room with a King bed. Upon check-in I learned that one does not reserve a room type one 'requests' it. Apparently the largest hotel on earth was out of king beds. So we got two beds. Hm not too happy. Then the next day I call to switch and the person on the phone was so rude about it I just gave up. I'm reluctant to give the MGM 2 stars because I feel like it's one of the better places to stay, but given my experience with them I can't lie. It sucked. I may try again in the future and pray for the best.
4	The MGM Grand is what it is...Grand.  The property is massive and gigantic.  My fiancee and I arrived around noon and were unable to check in.  I figured that it wasn't a problem since check in was at 3 pm.  We stored the bags with the bellman and did some sightseeing.  We came back around 4 pm, but our room was still not ready.  It didn't bother me, but the front desk agent offered a free buffet for my fiancee and I, which I thought to be a kind gesture.  Thirty minutes later, our room was ready and we headed to our room.  As in many casinos, you have to walk through the casino floor to get to the elevators.  I guess this is their way to hustle you out for more money, but it is very inconvenient to maneuver through the crowd, especially when you have luggage.  I booked ourselves into a King Bungalow Suite that included a $25 food credit, free admission to Studio 54, and free admission to the spa. The room was exactly what I've seen on their website.  There is a spacious bedroom with a separate living room area that included a sofa and a television.  Unfortunately, we had a view of the other tower, but I got past it real quick.That night, we used our free buffet coupon for dinner at the MGM Grand Buffet.  We ate around 6 pm and waited for a good 20 minutes before we got seated (my review on the buffet is in another section of my profile).  Other than the buffet, we didn't really use any of the facilities or food and beverage outlets.  As for the casino, it is huge and difficult to maneuver around.  There were a lot of $5 tables to choose from, which I really enjoyed.  They cater to all types of gamblers.  I really enjoyed my time playing Casino War...which I still find hilarious to play.  What will they think of next?  Like I said earlier, this hotel is massive.  You will get lost.  If you can get past that, I highly recommend staying here; if not, I recommend you gamble here.  It's located on the south side of The Strip and is one of the stops for the monorail.  Highly Recommended
3	I've stayed here on many occasions for both business and pleasure.  The place is big!  It's a good thing and a bad thing really.  I often feel overwhelmed when walking through the casino area because of the massive real estate that you have to cover to get from one place to the next.  The bar/lounge near the front is a great place to chill though.  The rooms are decent.  The newer rooms in the West wing are very fashionable but if you are in one of the outer rooms it will feel like you are walking down a neverending hallway.  The tables here are a bit on the higher priced side as well.  If you are looking to throw some cash but not go super crazy while having lots of gambling options then this is a good place to go.
4	Stayed a weekend in the cary grant bungalow suite which had 2 queens, 2 tv's, a living room and is roughly 700sq ft.  Some of the rooms are themed by actors from hollywood's golden era which give it alot more character than the average hotel on the strip.  The beds are extremely comfortable and might even be the best i've slept on in vegas.  The gym/spa facility downstairs is $20 a day per person to use but can't compare to the one at Mandalay Bay for the same price.  It's located next to the pool level which I give 4.5 stars for its cleanliness, cabanas, and layout.  Very tasteful.  Only complaint about the pool is that they close it down if there's even the slightest chance of a thunder/lightning storm.  I always end up eating at the Rainforest Cafe since its the only place open at 3:00am.  The menu there is sandwiches, burgers, etc. and the food is so-so.   When I need coffee there's starbucks, when I want a quick bite there's 'wichcraft, and if you want upscale japanese there's shibuya downstairs.btw - if you're in need of a limo, mgm is where treasure island, new york new york, bellagio, and mirage dispatch their drivers from.  ask for a driver by the name of cedric cuz he's funny as hell and knows what's going on in vegas : )
1	OMG THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!!!!!!!!!!!so they don't have the room i reserved and they move me to a really noisey room next to the elevator...then to a room that looked like a jail cell...then to a room with someone already in it...then to a room with water damage to the curtains.(i am soooo not picky at all but the rooms they sent us to were awful)then on the last night my room flooded and they wouldn't tell me what caused it and didn't change my room so i had to walk around with my shoes on.HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!the rooms are really big compared to other hotels i've been to...but i'm still never going to stay there again.
4	Just got back from a weekend in Vegas with a signifcant other.  I was leery about the West Wing room, but upon check-in, that's what they wanted to give us.  I decided to be open minded and see what it was like.  I was really happy we went with it.  I'm not a huge fan of modern decor for myself...however, in a hotel, I LOVE it, since it's so hard to hide any dirt.  If there is one thing I can say for it, it was clean, and the bed was comfortable, the most important qualities of any hotel room.  And it was affordable.  You're not staying at the Wynn, but you're not paying to either.  The MGM Grand pools are also great, and it's got excellent restaurants.  Really a great, affordable experience.One note: Because of the layout of the West Wing room, it's great for a.) business travelers (meaning you're alone) or b.) with a significant other.  There is not much privacy.
4	I've never stayed at this hotel, but have visited it frequently. My initial inclination was to say that I don't much care for MGM Grand. Why? I don't know.A commonly heard complaint is that it's uncomfortably large. Maybe that's true for those staying at MGM, but I don't find it bothersome. Another criticism is its lack of a killer show - but that's hardly a reason to write off the place. The biggest problem is its location. MGM Grand is south Strip, and I'm a center/north Strip kind of person. In addition, there's not very much else surrounding MGM that I find interesting. There's not much incentive to just wander into the place.Then why do I visit it frequently?** GREAT RESTAURANTS **MGM Grand is second only to Wynn in its collection of fine dining venues. Joel Robuchon is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas, and L'Atelier is a much cheaper but still excellent alternative. Seablue is pretty good, and Emeril's is surprisingly good as well.** LIVELY CRAPS TABLES **I've only played here a few times, but whenever I did my fellow players were having a good, loud time.** SIGMA DERBY!!!!! **With the closing of The New Frontier, MGM Grand is now the only casino which has Sigma Derby. It's cheap, it's fun, and it goes especially well with alcohol. Play it before it disappears, folks.Wow, I guess I like MGM Grand more than I thought.
3	The room and the pool was just average (altough the "lazy river" was really long), nothing special here. Concierge service was not very helpful. A better bet for the "south strip" would be Mandalay Bay (or THE hotel, if your wallet can take it)
4	I am glad that MGM remodeled 2 years ago. It started to show its age. The carpet was smelly the bathrooms were old and cracked.Today's MGM is much better than 5 yrs ago. Although it is on an old building, it has improved a lot, with its location, it's still 1 of the great places to stay in vegas.
3	Well, my father being the stubborn person that he is, he didn't do the famous $20 trick that many people know about. We checked in on June 27 and checked out on June 29, 2007. The $20 trick is a bribe to give to the front desk in order to get an upgraded room. Now, it all depends on who's working and when and where, but I asked my dad to do this. But did he do this, NO!! He asked for an upgrade and had to pay $20 per night, which was $40. OMG! Well, enough of that, on to the rooms.We ended up going from a regular room to a Celebrity Spa Suite on the 17th floor. The size of the room was alright. The king bed was oh so comfortable. There was even a mini fridge and safe. The room was clean and we had nice toiletries, including lotion, shampoo, conditioner, and soap. So, after staying here, I wouldn't stay at the MGM Grand again. It's one of those "Have to stay at least once" hotels. Only if a room is less than $60, we might go back.STATSCelebrity Spa Suite 17th floor, Room 17250, 2 nights, $90 per night with upgrade.PROS-Location on the South Strip-Comfortable room and atmosphereCONS-Long walk through the casino (not that it matters for a 18 year old like me)-A longer walk from Valet to our actual room, which was situated at the far end of a hallway.-Spa was too small-Floor can get slippery in the bathroom (My dad fell after getting out of the spa.)-1 TV in a suite??-A long crack in the ceiling-Green spotlights shine into the room. No problem when the curtains are drawn
5	LOVE this place!  You can literally stay at this place and not go anywhere else!  Studio 54 and Tabu' are here for dancing.  Lots of nice eats from sushi to steak.  And cheap eats from New York Pretzel, Nathan's Hot Dogs and let's not forget Fat Tuesday pina colada smoothies served in what could be used as a portable urinal for both sexes.  Gross!  But true....Pools are awesome!  A pool for everyone.  First there's the party pool where dance music is playing while the 20's crowd bob up and down in the pool with plastic beer bottles.  Go early since that's the only time you'll be able to swim.  The 30's pool, still close enough to the party pool but if you have stretch marks and a belly this is the one to go to.  The central pool, usually for those who don't venture out into the other pools.  The back pool, I noticed for seniors and much more quiet than the other pools.  Then the FUN POOL!!  There's a lazy river  here that has a current AND there are waterfalls!!  Great for kids but fun for just lazing around....Rooms are comfortable, stylish and have standard amenities.  They had a cool stylish sofa that is great to sit on and feels like therapy having a conversation on it.  Marble floors in the bathroom that I almost slipped on, but nice toilet paper.  The lotion was actually really nice too!  I'm big on lotion!This hotel has a Monorail station that goes clear across the North part of the Strip and ideal for staying out of the heat.  A 24 hour pass is $9.  Not bad for cruising through the hotels on the strip.I would probably stay at this hotel again!www.MGMGRAND.com
4	The good stuff:1) Pool, pools, and more pools!  The perfect place for those hot summer days, and as mentioned by others, you'll find the right one for you...watch out for vomit in the lazy river :-\    Kick back with a yummy frozen mango drink...or have a bucket-o-beer...2) Lots of dining options - Emerils, Wolfgang Puck, decent Asian food at the Grand Wok, and lots more (2 Starbucks, McDonald's, fancy fare, etc.)3) The lions are always a treat to watch - love looking up and seeing their big ol' paws!4) MGM is big enough so that if you don't want to visit other casinos, you'll probably still be content just staying at the MGM (though NY NY is just right across the overpass)5) Super quick and easy cab ride to/from the airport6) Good happy hour at the West End bar7) Good comps8) I feel at home here (because we almost always stay here)The not-so-good stuff:1) It's at least a 15min walk to my favorite Vegas entertainment (the water show at the Bellagio) and shopping; good 25min(?) walk to my favorite shop (David & Goliath at the Venetian); monorail is okay, but you still end up walking quite a bit so...depends on how far down the strip you're going2) I'm NOT a fan of the Grand Buffet - don't think it compares at all to the Bellagio, Paris, or Wynn. Though they did have awesome grilled cheese sandwiches last time (in the kids section)...3) The portraits of MGM legends in all of the rooms kind of freak me out!4) Better drinks/cocktails at the Bellagio*Rooms are fine - nothing "grand" but no complaints either!
4	Excellent location.  Huge Resort, Casino, Pool, dining selection within (but u shouldn't limit yourself) and great entertainment options.  Resort rooms are ok, large and comfortable.  But you can find that anywhere in Vegas.  Price may be an issue for Friday & Saturday nights.  Don't forget it's Vegas and lots & lots of walking (night/day) even if you're not planning on leaving the resort.  Why rent a car?  Unless you're there for biz.  If you share cab fares you'll save more and not run the risk of end up on Cops, Taxi Cab Confessions is more likely...  jejeDid not do Studio 54 but Tabu was great, sexy/hot and some stargazing is possible although pricey drinks for Vegas.  Great Dancers up on the stages/tables but it can get a bit crowed at peek 12mid + pretty much every night, they close Tuesdays.   Check them out: http://www.mgmgrand.com/nightlife.I did not know the $20 trick, I'll try it next time cuz I'm coming back to the MGM Grand.  Thanks Michael P!
3	Once again, I didn't stay here but had the chance to walk through a few times.  I do like the colors and layout of the place.  The green and black really stand out amongst the rest of the hotels on the strip.I went inside to check out the Lion Habitat, which was annoyingly crowded.  I got to see cute baby lions playing with a ball like kittens, so that was neat.I'd probably stay at this place if it wasn't so damned expensive.
2	The MGM is decent...I used to stay at Mandalay (my favorite hotel) every time I went to Vegas and wanted to see what MGM was all about...well, it's different...i reserved a non smoking room, and guess what, they put me in a smoking room the first night...called housekeeping and they brought a 1950's air purifier, has a switch that says "smoking to non smoking..." was funny until it kept cutting in and out...looked at where the air filter was and you could see blue sparks!...so i got my room change the next day to a clean smelling room...it was alright, no vents in the bathroom...steamy showers were the norm...view was good though, nothing else that spectacular...pool is alright, but if you guys want a good pool, you have to check out Mandalay Bay's!...no i don't work for them, just a satisfied customer.
3	It's a decent hotel.  It's pretty big, so going to the pool is quite a walk.  I suggest getting to the pool super early cuz it gets really crowded fast.  The view was really nice, but the green lighting was pretty annoying when looking outside at night.  Like someone else said, the bathrooms don't have vents, so having to wipe the mirrors down was a pain.  The first night we stayed in a smoking room which didn't smell like smoke at all....the next 2 days we moved to non-smoking rooms so that we would be next door to the rest of our friends....and those rooms smelled more like smoke than the non-smoking!  I didn't mind, but it was kinda funny.  Bathroom is a decent size....the full length mirror in the bathroom is really nice, but they don't have any other mirrors in the room other than the two in the bathroom.....which was weird....Oh, and I think the only restaurant in the MGM opened 24 hrs. is Studio Cafe.  It's a little pricey but it's good and they serve HUGE portions.  Anyways, I suppose I'd stay here again.....but I still love the Bellagio :)
3	i'd give the hotel 4 stars if there were no-smoking laws in the state of nevada.  coming from cali, i've gotten used to being indoors and being able to breathe at the same time.  it's especially bad during peak hours when the gaming floor is crowded full of drunken gamblers.  there's just something about gambling and drinking that makes people want to smoke like a chimney.away from the gaming floor and the smoke, the rest of the hotel is awesome.  great service.  check-in and check-out were a breeze.  the staff was very friendly and room service was prompt (and still hot when it arrived).  the pool complex is ginormous...something for everyone.  lazy river for the kids and the fun-loving people of all ages.  a pool that seemed primarily occupied by 20 and 30 somethings.  a pool tucked out of the way for those who wanted more of a loungey relaxed atmosphere.  cabanas available for rental if you wanna go uber-loungey.  a bar/grill available for those post-swim munchies.  there's even a ping-pong table available if you want to get your beer pong on.one of my favorite features:  THE BLACKOUT CURTAINSthey made sleeping mid-day so that i could wake up at midnight and party a breeze.the lion habitat was cool...different lions every day that i was there.  cirque du soliel's KA was friggin' awesome.  even if you don't stay at the MGM, you've gotta see it.
3	*BIG Casino but a little out-dated. *DECENT service except for NOT allowing us a late check out- WTF!?*GOOD food/dining options. Wolfgang Puck's restaurant is delicious!*GREAT pool area-lazy river and several different pools. *GOOD bars/lounges. *COOL lion exhibit but I bet they aren't very happy locked up in  the middle of a friggin casino.*VERY comfortable beds. *LAME "Bungalow Suites"-I expected it to be a lot nicer for the price (stay in the West Wing-it's a much better room.)Probably would stay again but only in one of  the West Wing rooms.
4	Well, having been to Vegas several times and having stayed at a few different hotels I decided to share my experiences at each hotel both the good and the bad.Check-in: Despite a long line it moved VERY quickly and everything was in order when I did check into my room. I did arrive an hour earlier than their regular check-in time but, believe me when I say being nice to the person at the front desk paid off this time around. I was able to get to the room early and actually got an upgrade for a small fee ($40).Room: I was suppose to stay in the West Wing but, I got upgraded to the Celebrity Suite. I almost never felt like leaving my room the second I stepped foot inside. The whirlpool tub was just another added bonus.Food: A wide selection from fine dining to casual places like the Rainforest Cafe all provided a totally different experience each strictly distinct from food to decor. The one thing in common was the level of good service provided in each restaurant.Pool: The Lazy River is as far as I got because I didn't need to go any further. Rent a tube and order an adult beverage and the river does the rest. I was there for roughly 2 1/2 - 3 hours without even noticing the time.Shows: I don't do too much in the way of clubs while I'm in Vegas rather I enjoy the wide selection of shows that Vegas provides. I saw KA which I enjoyed a lot, not as good as "O" when I went to see it at the Bellagio but KA was unique and pleasing in it's own way.Gaming: Easy to find a table as well as slots. The poker room had a decent sized wait but, I just waited at the sports book for my turn to come up. After losing around $400 I made way to my luckier spots Bally's and the Paris casino's.Check-out: I actually found it hard to leave on my scheduled checkout date so I stayed an extra night. When I finally did make my way to the front desk check-out went smoothly and quickly.I would stay here just based on the amenities and service. It's not too flashy but, it's location and service are always worth staying at the MGM.
4	Huge casino...know that going in if you aren't looking to walk quite a ways to your room.  Very easy to get lost on the casino floor until you get your bearings straight.  Very nice rooms, if not a little dated.  West Wing rooms are nice for a couple that doesn't mind listening to each other use the restroom.  Modern decor but small rooms, useless windows.  The West Wing bar was a great place to chill out and talk with friends.
4	I'm sold on this hotel. Stay in the West Wing. It's has a modern decor and great for young couples. When reserving, ask for a room near the elevator as you have to walk down long ass halls. The west wing is ideally located that if you get off the elevator there is a bar there and the sportsbook outside. If you wanna go to the pool, go to the restaurants, or the Ka show, just walk down the hallway and it cuts you into those areas. The monorail also stops at this casino. You don't have to walk through one or two casinos to get to it.Another plus is the pools are outstanding. You could literally kick it there the whole day, good cuz it keeps you off the tables!  They have great shows and great restaurants (see my other reviews).  One stop shopping baby! You never have to leave the hotel.
5	We spend a fair amount of time in our hotel rooms. That's why we spring for the fancy West Wing ones here at MGM Grand while everyone else we know goes to places like Harrah's or Hooter's or something.The experience in West Wing was great. The room is very stylish and we left wishing that our real home looked like that. The bathroom had a tv built into the mirror! Do I really need to watch tv while I'm brushing my teeth? Probably not.The bed was very soft and squishy. The lamps were touch-activated, which is very cool. The West Wing also has its own bar area, which was nearly empty every time we cut through.On a non-West Wing related tangent, I love the MGM Grand lions. They're so cute. The problem is that when they're awake or at least easily photograph-able, there's a million people who are also taking pictures too.
5	i was lucky enough to stay in one of their suites a whlie back.  they are real spacious and have so many little perks. i really loved their beds. they are uber soft, along with the sheets and blankets. the cutest thing ever is the baby lion cubs. they're still there. i always try to stop by and see them...every chance i get. their buffet is tasty too. yummie!!
5	I know, people go to Vegas to gamble, kick game, dance, drink, get some action, see some skin and/or to eat at the buffets. (Did I ever tell you that I can eat my money back in bacon? It's true, don't try to challenge me. But that's another entry.) I'm amazed by the millions of dollars poured into Las Vegas to make it what it is and respect the entrepreneurs who are just trying to get theirs. But it's not my kind of town. I like the beaches, laid back attitudes and slow pace of the tropics.And then I was convinced by a friend to check out the MGM Grand Spa.Oh me, oh my, my senses were met with the scent of lavender and eucalyptus. Coming from the casinos smelling of cig butt, the spa entrance was like heaven. I must have looked like I was experiencing euphoria because my friend seemed thrilled that I was loving some part of Vegas. Mind you, we were just in the front entrance.They suggested I try a hot stone massage, promising it would be good one. We asked the spa receptionists if there were any openings for later  in the afternoon. Fate on my side, they said yes and would we be interested in checking in now? Shoot, if I was smitten with the entrance, I could only imagine what heavenly goodness was past those doors. Heck ya, check my a$$ in. We walked in an hour and a half before our appointments and were anxious to be pampered.People, this spa was GORGEOUS. It is what every spa should look like or attempt to be. No longer will I go to a spa that lacks a lounge area. MGM Grand Spa had hot and warm pools, a TV area and a quiet area with comfy cushy chaise longues. Fruit, snacks, water, coffee and tea were also provided. We wrapped ourselves in luxuriously thick robes and dangled our legs in the hot tub. We weren't prepared with our bathing suits so we had to improvise. Ten minutes before our treatments, we went to the quiet area and relax. I was ready to nap when my massage therapist called my name.Her name was Marla. I can't nor will I try to explain the wonders of her stone massage. Of all the massages I've ever had, hers was the best. Ever. I was ready to propose to her when she was done and I'm completely in love with my boyfriend. She led me back to the lounge area and gave me a hug goodbye. As I exited this heavenly oasis, I signed my credit card bill with no regrets.  Please, do yourself a favor. If you are ever in Las Vegas and need a little lovin', don't bother grinding at a club, going to a skin show or entertaining a one night stand. Or do. Who am I to tell you how to get your swerve on? :) But you also got to see Marla. She will make you feel like a million bucks. And you won't go home dirty*.When I got back from my trip, I told my boyfriend about my spa experience but didn't go into much detail. Our conversation went like this- Me: "I went to a spa." The Man: "Didn't you just do that?!" Me: I threw my arms around him, kissed him, and confessed, "It's like crack! I'm addicted!"The Man: "I think crack is cheaper."
4	My memorable hotel experience entails a certain penthouse suite in this hotel several yrs ago. We were treated to some serious VIP treatment since things were being comped. We had a 3 bedroom suite, living room, limo service, show tickets, the whole nine yards. It was definitely a fun time and not forgetting the James Bond themed party on New Year's eve. The lion's den is worth a visit as well!
3	My girlfriend and I went to Vegas for the day. we went to the MGM because one of our friends highly suggested this particular hotel.  We arrived in Vegast at about 2pm.  The hotel was really confusing and we werent' quite sure where to go to check in.  Someone finally ushered us over to the check-in.   Our credit card didn't go through and the agent in her rush to process us she said we should just leave it open. Not knowing that doing so would mean that we could not use the internet.  Our room was really far away from the elevator and it was apparent that the hotel had undergone renovations and the side of the hotel that we were on had obviously not been apart of the upgrade.  The shower did not drain properly and overflowed when we took a shower.  The room was not at all functional but the bed was super comfortable. The room let all the noise in.  Very loud.  I think next time we'll try a different hotel and see how that goes.
5	My Favorite Casino in Vegas. I love the way it looks at night. Maybe it's the green and gold, it reminds me of money. Of worth. Totally classy. My eyes are always drawn to it. Now get out of my way while I go get married at an Elvis church to my hunka hunka burning love!
5	The casino is fucking enormous. When does it ever end!?? It was the one place in Vegas where I truly felt the lack of time and lack of outdoor space high. I came in here on my first night in Vegas, naively thinking that the food options would somehow be different, before I realized that every single hotel in this town follows the same formula of fast food court/steakhouse/buffet/"cafe"/high roller restaurant.  The plebe food court is behind Craftsteak, in case you need to save some money that you will just end up blowing at the roulette table at 5am anyway.    And if you need to stop and contemplate your life direction, the bar in the middle of the casino, Rouge is an excellent place to drop 12 dollars on a cocktail and play computer blackjack.
3	This is really a 3.5 star review.They have a wonderful selection of high end restaurants, and there are acres of casino, but I just can't give it 4 stars, and well, it's not a 5 star place.  The rooms are nice, but you can tell that it's been there a while.  The cleaning service was really varied, as sometimes they folded the towels well, and sometimes they didn't. Sometimes the beds were made well, and sometimes not.  The shower had mediocre water pressure, and the elevators had 1 shaft in each tower that made me edgy to get into.  I actually ended up in 1 in each area visiting friends that proved this theory true, but the one in my section would have all of the buttons just turn off if pressed in an odd sequence, so people kept missing their floors.  Very frustrating.  The buffet is mediocre, giving some variety, but not really impressing me.  I also have issues with a place that doesn't have at least $10 tables, but maybe I'm just cheap.Those were the reasons it isn't a 5 star hotel.  Here are the pros...The casino has really clean bathrooms.  The selection of restaurants and celebrity chefs is staggering.  The Joel Robuchon restaurants are my favorite places anywhere, so that has to elevate it to begin with.  The Cirque du Soleil show, KA is stunning.  I highly recommend it.  Studio 54 is only so-so, but it's open every night, so you always have a place to dance, even if it isn't the hottest place to go.  The bedding is really nice at this hotel. It keeps up with the amazing bed idea.  I like the roundness of different bars they have. All of them are very inviting, and make you feel conected to the casinos.
5	The West Wing bar was a hidden gem.  We were really over the crowds and smokey atmosphere of Vegas. We wondered down a long hallway  secluded hall way toward the West Wing Bar.    First off  it was really sleek and sexy. They had these leather "bed" style chaises the faced a flat screen playing ambient pictures. It was so nice to kick back and just relax by ourselves for a while. The bar was small but, the whole place was fairly empty.  It was like we had a private little sanctuary. However, the sanctuary came at a hefty price. $27 for a Hangar 1 and soda and a Grey goose martini!  Wow, it was Vegas and we were splurging!
3	Quite disappointing if you ask me.  I was really expecting something terrific for the price, but it was definitely lacking.  And don't even get me started on the issue of false advertisement!  Not to worry, I filed this morning with the BBB.  The biggest shocker was that the water and cold towels were on the opposite side of the room from the sauna and steam room.  There was no TV in the female lounge, but there was one in the Men's-which I heard from my boyfriend was actually very nice, and everything was in its place.  If you can manage to dodge the many employees loitering the area it can be relaxing.  On sat 12/15 afternoon i got a ginger lily sugar rub- don't let the name fool you, its just an overpriced showerhead "massage" they throw some sugar on you, not exfoliating in the least and rinse you off for 20 minutes of the 25 minute service at a whopping charge of $85 not including the 20% service charge of $17 which stated on the price list "has been added" - but it's false advertisement, they add that charge later once you've been billed.   No matter I will not return, and would prefer to try a better spa next time in Vegas.  But if you get the chance visit the Bacara Spa in Santa Barbara, now that will exceed anyone's expectations!!
1	Don't Ever Loose Anything in MGM GRAND Las Vegas..... oh Hell No!!I am still recovering from this. I almost slapped some male security staff. I dam sure cussed them out. V.P of MGM Grand Security Steve Bohanan...  Steve... check with pretty boy Matt Freely... Security Shift Manager 01/03/2008. MorningI told Matt...Yo son talk with your underling because it is 7:00 am and I am tired of talking.My AC Home Motorola Razr V9 charger has gone missing in the former largest hotel in the world. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MGM_Grand_Las_VegasThe Loss Prevention Investigation is going to take 7 to 10 days ie...weeks. In the meantime...the hotel is not that hip. The "Business Center" did not have a charger to juice my baby up...  All they could suggest was that I go to the New Fry's Electronics. 8:00am Thank God I have a Avis Rental... I head up the Strip towards 15 .I'll Yelp all that later...  Housekeeping does not communicate Directly with Security.  MGM Security Employees are only required to have some college....no Guard Card.. and there is some Academy. I don't know about you but I would not feel safe in the MGM if anything were to go down. I was in ROTC. I have lived under Commendant Barnes for 44 years. I read police manuals for fun. I like to recite the Miranda rights. I belong to the SF Police Credit Union Circa 1982. I love a Man and a Woman in Uniform...  but not this crew of ragtags...oh lord.What CPR training have they had....??? They need Diversity Training. The Security Desk looks like a Judges Bench I craned my neck to talk to the guard. Why Lost and Found is not located near the Main Lobby I will never know.I do know MGM Grand better cough up my Motorola Charger. I had to go to 4 AT&T Stores to find a "Travel AC Charger" (I will Yelp about that later also). Fry's Electronic only had Car Cigerette Lighter Chargers. I bought it... I had to have something.. I was not going to be on Pay Phones....  I had so many things to do on my last day in Las Vegas.. Susan R...Bless her Summerlin University of Phoenix 916 Area Code having gurl.... were trying to keep in contact...I will never stay at this Hotel again... and after I have Yelped my entire experience from the bottom to the top...they better comp me... for May 2008.
3	We stayed at MGM the days following NYE. Yes, it's an insanely busy time for Vegas hotels.. but the MGM can handle it. It's massive...they're all massive, but this one has got one of the largest casinos (bad news if you're like me and rather go shopping than waste $ gambling). The hotel room was fine, no complaints. I think there was only approx 10 channels on the TV which I found strange. Bed, furniture- all great. Water pressure= bad. (aha! the dirty details you wanna know, right?)We were on the 20-somethingth floor with a sweeet view facing the strip, looking out at NY,NY and the Excalibur- I HIGHLY recommend requesting a strip view!Service was pretty good, they delivered and stored our baggage in a safe and timely manner. The cab line outside is ridiculously inefficient, filling 1 cab at a time, but I've realized Vegas is not the place for efficiency. I really enjoyed that MGM had a 'Witchcraft. We grabbed sammies there twice. All in all, I think it's one of many OK Vegas establishments. If I had a bigger budget I would have splurged for the Bellagio or Venetian.I wanted to give it 4 stars but it gets 3 because of my BIGGEST complaint-- the smell of MGM's lobby & casino. The casino is of course, filled with 2nd hand smoke....added to this is a extremely perfumed smell that I think they're pumping in. Result= soapy smoke smell. Ugh just the thought makes my nose want to vomit.
2	SOOOOOO disappointed! I have stayed at a number of hotels on the strip... this one BY FAR was the WORST!  Not even a coffee maker or mini bar in the room... we also booked a KING room... they gave us double beds. Very romantic, huh? The employees weren't very helpful, AND they charge $13.95 for internet.  They bathroom was grimy and the view felt like it was the butt crack of the strip.  Truly a disappointing experience. The casino was nice and the restaurants were OK... it's just the HOTEL. DO NOT stay here if you want a Vegas lavish room... go to the Venetian or the Bellagio or the Paris... even Mandalay Bay (even though they don't have a coffee maker... however, the beautiful bathrooms make up for it)  SO sad. Never again.Why was the Econo Lodge that was 44 BUX better than this???
4	MGM has a convenient check-in at the McCarran airport. When we arrived, it took them about 15-20 minutes to give us our room keys because they had accidentally given them to somebody else with the same last name as me. They were kind enough to give us a $50 food voucher and a free shuttle ride to the hotel to make up for their mistake. It was no room upgrade, but I was still happy =)The hotel itself was awesome! It's not super fancy like the Venitian or Bellagio, but this is the kind of place that you would wanna stay at with a group of upper middle-class friends. The standard rooms are....standard, just as you would expect. This hotel has everything that you would need. A total variety of restaurants, a HUGE casino, some great shows( Ka, David Copperfield) and Studio 54 is a decent nightclub. And if you dont want to walk up and down the strip, they have a monorail that will take you all the way to Sahara.The only thing stopping me from giving the MGM 5 stars is the long walk to the rooms, which can be a pain after a nights worth of club hopping.
4	Aside from the fact that the rooms need to be updated (but who really spends their time in Vegas in their room the whole time?), this hotel/casino has got it all! It's conveniently located close to the airport so you can roll in/out from your flight in a record-breaking 20 minutes. Sure, it's in the southern end of the strip, but you've easily got access to everything else on LV Blvd via a bridge (if you walk), a cab (if you're baller) or the monorail. The pool is actually one of the best ones I've seen, and they've even got a lazy river! Service is good, too, and the restaurants aren't half-bad either. Plus, my broke ass was wandering around at 5:00am and managed to find a $5 blackjack table. Score!
5	I don't think you can beat the MGM when you consider the price of rooms and the amenities.  This is the best second tier hotel on the strip (top tier being the luxurious dens of excess like the Venetian).  I've managed to stay at pretty much every hotel on the strip and the MGM is where I prefer to leave my luggage.  The rooms are modern and well appointed.  The casino is huge.  The selection of restaurants fits all budgets.  There are two big clubs in the hotel (Tabu and Studio 54).  And they have a lion show a few times a day where you can watch two lions interact with trainers and have their pictures taken.  Sure you may be able to find a nicer room on the strip, but you're going to pay much more for it...and you shouldn't be going to Vegas to spend tons of time in your room anyway... Let's one thing straight from the get go...  People smoke in Vegas casinos.  I hate hearing people complain that the casinos are smokey.  That's like complaining that a bar smells like booze or that your local gym doesn't smell like a flower field.  It's just part of the program and you have to deal with it. That said, it is always nice when your room actually gives you some sense of being on vacation.  It can be pretty discouraging staying at a hotel where the rooms are tired or only qualify as a room because they have a bed, a bathroom, and tv.  The basic rooms are very nice with tasteful art on the walls (pictures of movie stars and Vegas icons from the 40's and 50's), plenty of marble in the bathroom, and towels that actually have some thickness to them (I hate those paper thin towels some places give you).  Move up to a Spa Suite and you get a huge room with cavernous bathroom and a spa tub.I really like the feel of the casino.  It winds on forever and there is no shortage of tables.  The poker room is pretty large too and you will find a variety of players from all over the world in there (not just locals like some rooms).  The kicker is that they have one of those Sigma Derby mechanical horse racing machines over by the sports book.  You pick the horses that will come in first and second and get odds on your quarter bets...fun fun fun.The one knock that I have about the MGM is that it is so big, the walk from your room to the pools is a journey.   Oh and beware staying in one of the new towers, otherwise known as The Signature at MGM Grand.  We had some friends stay there during our last visit and it is a lengthy walk to and from the casino floor.  The front desk even mentioned a shuttle service to and from that part of the property, so you know it's out there. MGM MONEY SAVING TIPS (because we are all cheap bastards at heart): You can get a good sized deli sandwich for $7.25 at the Stage Deli over by the sports book and poker room.  They also have hot dogs, soups, and other snacks that won't bruise your wallet too badly.  Grab a quick bite here after your late night carousing, as it is open until 2:00 or 3:00AM on the weekends. A nice cheap snack - If you go to the food court where the McDonald's and the Nathan's are located, there is a Chinese fast food place on the left side where you can get a "side" of chow mein or fried rice for $1.50.  A side is a plate full.  The chow mein is a good snack, as you get noodles and veggies (bean sprouts, onions, and some cabbage).  That could actually be one of the more healthy meals that you have while you are in Vegas. If you play slots, you have to join their Players Club.  It is one of those group things, since the MGM is owned by the same company that also owns a host of other hotels on the strip like New York New York, Bellagio, and Mandalay Bay.  Put that card into the machine and take your shot at winning 1,000 nickels.  The benefits are huge, ranging from receiving great room deal (you have to opt in online to get them) to very generous comps.  My wife just likes to play penny and nickel slots, but we always get some kind of great perk.  Call the players club before you check out and ask if you qualified for any comps.  We have gotten one or two nights of our stay comp'd or at the very least all of our food charges comp'd.  Not bad.
1	I don't really care for this hotel. I don't gamble - all I do is party. In regards to both I can't really comment because it wasn't my scene nor did I visit the tables. But what I didn't like was the pool - rather where it is located. I hated the fact that I had to walk clear cross the entire casino to get to the pool and get hassled by solicitors at whatever it is they have right by the pool. Seriously - that annoys the cr*p out of me.  That aside - the pool isn't half bad, it's got a continuous river raft motion going sending you off into a never ending ride of watery fun. Otherwise I don't care for the hotel.
2	Sometimes things are old and charming, and sometimes they are just old.The rooms have all the charm and amenities of a holiday Inn. The pool wasnt useable. They did apologize for that and tried to discount a future stay. But it is so uninteresting I cant see us staying there again.
4	Really enjoyed staying at this hotel. We stayed in the west wing and loved our room and view! It was so modern and so reasonably priced, we got a deal from a travel site and it really was nice. The casino was a lot of fun and you can spend all day at the hotel. Some of the nicest restaurants in the city are in the MGM Grand. We ate at Michael Mina's Sea Blue and it was the most spectacular experience. Some of the bars are fun here too, like Rouge and Centerfuge. The West Wing is the perfect place for young fun couples, who like modern looking decor. Would love to come back her!
5	I've been to Vegas a few times over the past year and have stayed at the MGM now a few times. My friends and i, there were 4 of us staying this time, came to see a show and have a long weekend. Had to post on yelp about the incredible service that we expereinced at the Zuri Bar on both nights we were there. The server/cocktail waitress named Nadera went above and beyond her job to ensure that we had a good time. Not only was she attentive but also genuinely curteous. The first night that we stopped in to have a cocktail after the show, she was our server, she was very polite and quick to return with our cocktails. It is always nice to have such attentive service from someone that truly enjoys her job. It was on the second night however that i must tell you about. When we came in for a drink before going to another show our supposed coktail waitress Not Nadera... was non existent and no where to be found. It was after about 5 minutes that i saw Nadera and went up to her to ask her if she wouldnt mind taking a drink order. She remembered me and came back promptly with our cocktails. Who knows what happened to the other girl.. It was a after a few minutes that some guys sitting at a far off table started to make rude comments to myself and my partner. Nadera called security over immediately and the situation ended. I felt that she went above and beyond with service and want to acknowledge her for being a memorable part of our trip. Thank you Nadera.
3	There are a lot of pro's and con's w/ MGM, so it really depends on what suits you for your trip to Vegas.  There are many times where MGM can be a 5-star resort, then there are also times where it's a 1-2 star one.For one the location of MGM is fairly ideal as it's at the Tropicana corner.  You're walking distance from Luxor, Excalibur, the Tropicana, NY NY, Hooters, and the Monte Carlo.  MGM is also the end stop for the monorail, so if you're willing to pay for the monorail tickets, you can easily get to the north end parts of the strip fairly quickly.MGM consistently has one of the better rates for rooms compared to other resorts.  The regular rooms are fairly spacious and of fairly good quality.  Nothing really stands out from the norm.  Their West Wing rooms though are very nice.  They're almost like a mini-condo in a way, minus the kitchen.  They're very modern and are very chic.  They are however kind of small and they're kind of jammed packed together.  You can say that the walls are kind of ....errrrr....thin.  They do provide internet access, however it's $13 for 24hours.  Then again, you're in Vegas, you shouldn't be online.Service for the most part is very average here.  I will say that one of the most convenient things MGM has, is a check-in counter at the airport.  You can get your bill finalized and your keys all before you get to the hotel.  This is a great amenity as check-in can be utter hell at times.  I've seen numerous occasions where there have been over 100 parties waiting to be checked in.  not fun.Like other resorts it has it's share of fancy dining and cheap eats.  The buffet is average at best.  They do have KA which is an enjoyable Cirque show.  The Garden Arena is huge and a great venue to watch a concert or any featured event.If you plan on spending a lot of time in your room, then MGM isn't the place for you, you're better off paying more for a nicer place like Venetian or Wynn.  If you use your room sporadically and are just out at the tables and partying it up, MGM is one of the most ideal places to be at.
3	This hotel is okay. A little too big for my taste. But we got a really good deal which included free shuttle passes to and from the airport and a $25 dining credit good towards any of the MGM Grand-owned restaurants. Like nearly all of the casino resorts this past weekend, the lobby had a red and gold ornamental display to commemorate Lunar New Year. The casino floor is enormous and we stayed in a room in the relatively new West Wing. While it was nice to stay in a room that was more W in style than themed casino room, it was a VERY long walk from the main elevators to our room. I swear it was like a 1/4 of a mile long. The hallway literally changes color scheme and decor style as you walk into the West Wing.There are some really nice restaurants and bars in MGM now (see my reviews for Shibuya and Craftsteak) but again, this casino is so big it always takes forever to get through the hotel and crowds to get outside. Going back to the room, it was smaller but nice with modern decor, a flat screen TV, even a small TV imbedded in the mirror of the bathroom. I loved the huge shower. The bathroom could have used a fan. The walls were quite thin and I could hear people running around above us. There is a lion habitat that has the cheesy fake lion roar sound effects but there is no denying the lions are beautiful. I felt sorry for them, all cooped up with a zillion tourists taking flash photography and making dumb noises trying to get their attention.
2	The room quality here is medium to poor. My first room had water stains on the blinds and paint chips in the ceiling of the bathroom. I went to bed at about 1am and awoke at 2:30am. I could hear the sick kids in the room adjoining mine - there was little to no sound proofing because there was a door linking the rooms. I felt bad for the family but quite simply could not go back to sleep. It was like the kid was in the room with me. I could hear full conversations and make out every word. Worse, I had another adjoining door, and that person was busy smoking, which was filtering into the room. I packed up my stuff and got a new room, which was just fine. Nothing great about the MGM Grand in terms of room quality. Other posters are right - if you want a more luxurious Vegas experience, head to Bellagio or Wynn. This is a high-end Super 8 with slot machines in the basement. I'm stunned that anyone gave the MGM Grand five stars - makes me wonder what they are comparing it to.
4	Always a good bet to stay here when coming to Vegas.Its not the newest or even the bigest anymore, but if you're like me it hits all the right spots.Restaurants: The best selection of restaurants on the strip. Period.Gambling:The casino itself could use some updating but the choices are endless and casino is huuge!Clubs:Despirately lacking in night life optionsTheater:With Grand Garden Arena and the "new" Ka show, come here if you're looking for entertainmentRooms:Nothing fancy here. They recently updated a block of rooms they now call west wing, that are the smallest rooms of the lot, but have some decent upgrades. The best on the strip for the price. Its tough when people write reviews telling you that its better to stay in hotel Y or Z because in my opinion there are a couple different buckets that hotels fall into. You cant give MGM bad marks because it isnt as good as the Wynn. When you compare MGM to hotels of similar caliber (Luxor, Monte Carlo, Paris, NYNY) there is nothing like it.
5	Very good Vegas hotel.
4	Not a bad place to stay...  Prices are reasonable... even on line.  If you can plan on the good buy nights, that's probably your best bet.  Has plenty of room to be able to move around without climbing over stuff... They also have nice celebrity portraits in each of the rooms.  If you like the Lion Habitat, and eating at Rainforest Cafe, then you're good to go.  This hotel also has some pretty good eateries if you're a foodie.
4	It has been awhile, but I'm glad to see they have made improvements and updated their decor. 3 starsthe fourth star is for housekeeping for finding my "top" (dress) + my lingery and holding it for me until I picked it up the following week....good looking out =)
4	Great Casino with good dining selections and convenient if taking the Las Vegas Monorail. We stayed the The Signature but played at The MGM Grand, which was very fun. The river pool here is a lot of fun too! I cant wait to go back!
5	MGM Grand is definitely on top of its responsibilities to customers.  It's meticulously cared for and has quite a variety of tables.  The decor is fantastic and the rooms are kept clean.This hotel used to be the main hotel that my family would stay at when we went to Las Vegas.  When I returned, it had changed a lot, but was just as pretty as I remember it.  The sights and sounds are fantastic and the layout is intuitive and easy to follow.  The selection of wining and dining is fantastic.  There's no place I'd rather stay in Vegas!
4	This review is for THE GOLDEN WOK inside of the MGM Grand. Great asian place.  We sat at the sushi bar and ordered pot stickers (THEY WERE SOO GOOD! ) and a couple of rolls. The food was delicious and the service was fine.  Not too bad priced, a little high but thats to be expected since its a restaurant in a casino.
4	For a 100 bucks a night you cant beat it(the prices will vary).
3	Very average IMO.   Suite was very nice- so +1 there.Sportsbook- very crappy, had many TV's but almost all of them on the same game (an NIT game by the way).   It's the opening weekend of the NCAA tournament, wouldnt it make sense to , umm SHOW the games you are taking bets on??   -1Poker room- overcrowded, not enough tables, not enough variety.   Why are there like 15 tables of 1/2 NL??  People do not fly out to Vegas to play in home game like stakes with beginning players.   Suggestion- add more tables, more variety of poker variants.Table games- good variety and nice dealers.  +1Signage- very crappy.   I know every casino in the world is slightly maze like and exits are not always clearly mapped out.  I expect that and am ok with it.  But there is no reason for a sign to say for example "Sports Book to the right"  only to discover on your own it is FAR quicker to go left.  Even by casino standards, crappy.Food- decent options, a food court downstairs, Rainforest cafe for the whole family- well done here.   Drinks- many bars varying in quality.   Tabu was decent if a little small.   Some of the other bars on the casino level were good for a mid-day drink, or watching a game, but I would not go at night over the bigger spots.  Pool- very nice, very hot people, the cabanas are not obscenely over priced.   All in all ok, depending on what you are looking for out of your experience.   For my personal gambling/nightlife there are more fun spots.   But if you are looking for a super nice room, and decent table games this could well be your place.
4	What is up with that smell? Are you guys pumping perfume through the vents? That shit was choking me all night. I guess it was worth the $400 I took from you.The cafe is decent. It's way over-priced, but the servings can fill two people.I didn't stay here, but my friend did and his rooms were pretty nice, but he's rich, so whatever.
3	I usually go to MGM Grand quite often when I find myself in Vegas.  Not for the overpriced food and definitely not to get to see the lions that rarely ever come out from their little habitat there.  It's to take money from the tourists on the poker tables.MGM opened their new poker room about a few years back (I was there) and it's probably one of the nicer rooms IMHO.  For starters, the room is right in the smack dab middle of the hotel and is quite spacious and roomy.  The tables are spread out enough so that you don't feel like sardines like you do over at the Bellagio poker room.  On popular club nights, you can check out the hot ladies all dolled up walking to Studio 54 which is the hotel's club.  But most importantly for some reason, a lot of fish tend to throw their money away at the MGM and I've been there many a time to catch them.  As far as restaurants go, there are quite a few places to go within the MGM. Wolfgang pucks, Wichcraft, Diego's for fine dine Mexican and the list goes on and on.  There's even a food court if you feel like a quick slice of pizza of Mickie D's and of course there's the buffet, but theirs is nothing to write home about.The hotel casino hotel over all is decent but I consider it 2nd tier to all the nicer ones like the Venetian, Bellagio and the Wynn for example.  Still that doesn't mean I don't stay here once in awhile when they send me free rooms in the mail.Van The Man's Must Do : Watch Cirque De Solei "KA"
3	Not bad if you can get a deal.  We got it for $99/night and for that price it was worth it.  The main gripe I had with it was that everything seemed a bit dated... the TV was an older tube-tv (non-flat screen), the showers seemed old, etc.  All-in-all, not very luxurious, but for $99 I won't complain too much.  Just a little.The casino itself is pretty decent, but being on the South end of the strip makes it a bit less convenient to walk to other casinos.  For me, it didn't matter because I've been to Vegas too many times, and I'm so over visiting each and every casino.The restaurants downstairs are decent, but there are a couple of Wolfgang Puck restaurants that were completely devoid of customers.    Overall, if you can get it a deal when booking, I don't think you will be dissatisfied by the experience at all.
4	One of my favorite places to stay in Vegas! I find the service to be MUCH MUCH better than Venetian... after staying at both places 3x, I would stay at MGM over Venetian anyday. Love the location, love the restaurants (particularly Pearl), and enjoy the poker room. I do advise staying in West Wing.. beds are much much softer, although the rooms are tiny. I rate bed comfort pretty high on my hotel wish list, and the west wing beds definitely deliver.
4	We stayed here Easter weekend and it was good, not great. I mean the hotel is beautiful inside and the rooms are really nice, but we had a problem with one of our rooms.  After checking in, we went up to our room to find that one of the room's floors was soaking wet.  We had two rooms, and our other room next door was absolutely fine.  I called down to the front desk to complain, and there was nothing they could do but offer us free dinner buffet for two.  Too bad we had a party of 8 people.  I asked to be switched to a different room, but they weren't able to accomodate us because they claimed the only rooms they had available were smoking rooms.  I kinda didn't believe them, and wanted to at least get the room discounted, but they said they couldnt discount the room further because I had already been set up with a casino rate.  Oh well.  There is a monorail stop at the hotel, so it made it really convenient to go to other hotels without having to take a taxi or drive ourselves. There was a March special and an all day pass was $9.  The all day pass was for 24 hours following the purchase (we bought ours at 8pm, so it was valid til 8pm the next night)  There are a lot of places to eat at the hotel, from fine dining to casual eats like Mcdonalds and Nathan's hot dogs.  They also had a Haagen Daz which i loved!  There is also a fat tuesday, which is nice, even though I didn't get anything from there (but i wanted to)  I know that you can buy a yard long margarita and then just bring the cup down and pay less for refills. :)The lion habitat is something definitely worth checking out if you've never seen it.  The casino is HUGE, so please be prepared to do some walking if you want to go from one end of the casino to the other. The poker room is always pretty busy, and the tables usually have $10-$15 minimums.  Join their players club and play some slots, because that way you will be able to get rated and get cheaper rates on their rooms.  :)I get casino rate at mgm and luxor and like both, it all just depends on you.  :)
4	Very nice rooms but has the coldest hallways in all of hotel hallways.  I literally ran from my room to the elevator.  So cold!  I had a cold by the time I got back to LA, lol!  But I like this hotel.  Nicely priced and in the smack dab center of the Strip.  Can't wait to frequent it again.
4	I never stayed at the regular rooms at the MGM.  I always end up staying at the West Wing.The only reason I like the West Wing is because I haven't seen any kids wandering around the halls or screaming bloody murder in the morning. I mean come on, hung over + screaming kids = HELL. Not only is the West Wing not in the same area as the other rooms but they have a bar right before the elevators. The bar is great for the last, last call for the evening. (For those of us who are drunk but still want that 1 last drink before we stumble back into our room)My experience at the bar has been fair. There were times when the bartender was cool as hell., other times I thought the bartender should look for a new occupation because they sucked so bad.
4	Stayed at the MGM over the weekend with a small group of girlfriends. The rooms are really nice, modern and simple. The best part of the room was the bed, it was so comfortable and made it difficult to get up after naps. Even the rollaway bed was comfortable. The bathroom was big, so it was easy for all of us to get ready at the same time. This hotel is huge, I got lost in the casino part a few times. Great selection of restaurants.  Good prices, good location. I will definitely stay at the MGM again.
4	Stayed here for my last night in Vegas. The hotel/casino, although nice, overall had a cheesy feel to it. A lot of gold and lions. That said, we stayed in a recently remodeled room that had a chic, European flair to it that we just loved. There was a tv in our bathroom mirror! Front desk was very friendly and helpful. Definitely a good option when in Vegas. I noticed more families here than at other hotels.
1	One star for not doing it right:  A dated, early 90's decor and feel.  6:5 blackjack gives the house too much of an edge, making gambling less fun.  Narrow pathways mean you're always bumping into 300 pounders who just filled up at the meh buffet and can't be bothered to clear a space for you to pass by.  Cocktail waitresses are hard to find and take an hour to show up with a watered down drink.  The sports book has some of the worst odds in Vegas because they know they can get away with it.Oh and finally, how obnoxious is it to give your CEO a record bonus a few weeks before firing 400 mid level managers because "you just don't have the money to pay them"?  Ugh.  This place reeks of corporate greed.Even if  you're staying here, gamble at the Wynn, where they are trying harder, and it's really not much more expensive.
3	Dear god, could this place BE any bigger? Shit. Kind of a cheesy Vegas decor, and extremley overpriced. Obviously, anything at the casino will be a rip off...restuarants...I was NOT expecting to pay 14 bucks anywhere for a side salad. I was there for a conference and mark my words it was 15 minutes to get from the rooms to the conference center...a huge pain in the ass and on my feet. Rooms...ok...obviously I had the bottom of the barrel rooms, but for 209 a night I mean it was as nice as a new Marriot would be...but it was VERY clean and the bed was also very comfortable...and BOO no HBO in the room? Shit, even the Motel 6 down the street had that...but I know, I know, they want you gambling not watching TV in your room.The live lion display, cool as was the sports book place...but overall I am glad this conference is at the Venetian next year.
2	I just got back from the MGM for a mid week stay to visit an old friend from my middle school days.  It was good to see my friend, not so good to stay at the MGM.The hotel is smokey and smelly in a stinky 'lets spray lots of perfume to cover up this smell' kind of way. My room was musty and moldy. The shower head sprayed the water out so damn hard I swear I got bruises. There wasn't a fan in the bathroom in my room, no night light in the room either and also no robe, which I was really sad about...I like to lounge around hotel rooms in a robe. The bed was super comfortable though, nice and gushy with soft cool sheets. The Grand Buffet was a horrible rip off.  Thankfully (for me) my friend paid, but for the $27 she paid for my meal I would have much rather eaten Mexican food at Diego and paid the difference in cost. The buffet food was awful...it was full of fatty oil, salty, and just down right nasty.  My friend loved the buffet,  so I guess it just depends on who's eating. The pool area is HUGE, it spans over 6 acres. I think there are six pools to choose from, but none of them are European which I prefer so that kinda bummed me out too. What especially did the whole pool experience in for me was the drunk guy that threw up in the pool -he should have been cut off as he was obviously shit faced, but instead the waitress kept serving him and his buddies, then he got sick... right in the pool. They had to shut it down at that point. So I guess what it comes down to is I'm spoiled. I like my night light, and my robe...I don't care for buffets or drunks puking next to me while I'm in the pool. The stay wasn't all bad but I don't think I will seek out the MGM for a future stay in Las Vegas.
3	Kinda old school.  I was so annoyed at the customer service here that I wanted to punch one of the bell staff so badly.  The housekeeping service was GREAT, very friendly and nice.  But some of the bell staff really ticked me off and needed training,  it was only 2 that made me mad.  I asked one if this was the place that we can drop off our luggage since our flight left way after our check out date.  We approach this dude when NOBODY was around and by the time he got the words out to answer us  he told us to go to the back of the LONG ASS line that formed behind us.  OK... fine!   Whatever we will.   Then we get to the front, and someone else helped us and as we were scrambling for tip money getting it out of our pockets and wallets, apparently we took too long to give him a fucking tip, he smacked his teeth and shook his head.  When we first checked in when we got there, nobody helped us with our luggage to our rooms...hello!   Then the elevators that go to floor 21-29 only had 2 of the 5 working and when you get in after everyone has hit at least 5 floors, it goes up, clears the floors and we go back to the lobby and to go back up AGAIN.  I'm sticking to the Venetian, where the service is fabulous!  I will not be staying at the MGM anytime soon.  Concierge was sincere when I complained.   But I was annoyed as HELL.
4	I've stayed here a few times.  Always consistent. Service, rooms, restaurants and casino are all A+.  We had a lame experience at Sea Blue but that was it.
4	I just returned from my second stay at the MGM Grand and I really can't think of anything bad to say about it.  I think the main reason we chose to stay here was the value of the place.  There were three girls in our room and it ended up being only $170 per person for a 3 night stay.  The rooms are simple yet modern with GREAT bedding.  We were on the 17th floor and had a nice view of the strip even though it was mostly construction...My favorite part of the whole place is the new pool.  The main pool is nice because it's so big you can definitely find a spot somewhere.  If you want something much better, try Wet Republic, the MGM's new "ultra pool".  We were able to go on Friday morning and get in for free...not sure what the regular price is, but it's probably worth it.  There are really nice lounge chairs around the pool AND these great chairs that are actually in the pool.  Good drinks and an ok food menu.  They could have a couple more choices on the menu, because there were only 4 things (including $14 chips and salsa...what?!?).  I loved it though.  No screaming kids anywhere in sight and great service...soo relaxing.  I think the MGM is one of the best hotels on the strip in it's price range.  It's not the Bellagio, but it's also not $500/night.
4	Have stayed here a couple of times and it is (for better or worse) the quintessential Las Vegas strip hotel.  The second time I visited, the place was over run by thousands of brits following Ricky Hatton over for his fight with Mayweather Jr, what made the whole thing more bizzare and so very Vegas was the National Rodeo Finals were also happening in town.  If you can imagine a load of boozing brits, confused cowboys and the usual shell-suited brigade mixed together in a cocktail of flashing lights and dings from the multitude of machines you have what Vegas may call "the usual".
3	My boyfriend is a player's club member so we decided to stay here because the rates were fantastic for the weekend. We stayed in the West Wing, which I believe is a newer wing of MGM. The room itself was smaller but pretty modern and nice. The good: big bathroom comfy bedcool room fixturestv in bathroomnice view down the strip, we could see the Eiffel tower from our room :)The bad: -we were on the very end room so i could not get wireless internet and the tech guy who was supposed to come did not show up within the hour so we left the room and I never heard a follow up. -the water would take a few minutes to get hot and so you would be showering in unplesantly cold water for a long time-bad shower design. I had turned on the little shower head and did not notice that it flooded the whole bathroom because the water stopper was too low. -there was a cricket chirping outside our room on the 10th floor!!!! it was soo loud. i didn't let my bf kill it so we called the front desk.Overall, maybe we just got a shit room because we paid shit for it. I would stay here again but also be very adamant that I get comped for any unpleasantries.
3	The Grand is a great value if you book with a promotional code.  I don't regret staying here at all, but there are a few things that bugged me that will lead me to shell out some more money for a newer hotel next time I go to Vegas.- They ran out of the room I requested, so I had to negotiate for a cheap upgrade to a suite.  I know this happens all the time, but it still pisses me off.  - Casino is pretty smoky, not necessarily because people are actively smoking but probably because it's an older casino.  It definitely isn't as bad as others. - No thermostat in the room.  You could adjust the fan to "on or off" and "heat or cold".  Basically you were either hot or it was painfully dry in the room.  - The showers in my room can't vary the level of water pressure.  Not everyone likes their water to shoot out at full speed!  I had no problem, however, with getting hot water. - Last, but not least, the walls are VERY VERY thin.  I could hear my neighbor's conversations.One tip -- because the Grand is on one end of the Strip, I'd recommend buying a Monorail pass for a day w/ unlimited rides if you know you're going to be going back and forth from the Grand to other parts of the strip.  http://www.lvmonorail.com/
3	Is this place the Holiday Inn of Las Vegas?    I really didnt care for my overall experience here.  It was nice, but middle of the pack to be sure compared to other Vegas hotels.  In terms of pricing I would call the weekdays cheap and the weekends expensive, which all in all averages out to fairly priced I suppose.  The gaming area is fine, although there were a few weeknights Tuesday/Wednesday when I felt they didnt have enough tables open (i.e. many players standing around waiting for a spot even though there were empty non-used tables around).   We actually LEFT and went to another casino just so we could play.  The sportsbook is very clean, big, and nice and the breakfast at the Studio Cafe was very good, although pretty expensive.  All in all, MGM is a decent place, but I dont think it does anything so outstanding to merit more than 3 stars.
3	I've stayed here three times.  Twice in regular rooms and once in a suite.  One of the regular rooms was in the new tower (west wing?) and it was nice.  The other rooms definitely showed their age - the rooms felt...dated and cheap, like a cheap chain hotel.I especially like the Starbucks and the humongous public bathrooms in the lobby.
3	The MGM is huge and certainly impressive with the live animals and history. However, it is quickly losing it's luster to all the other more glittery, themed casinos that keep popping up. I had lunch at the rainforest cafe and it was pretty standard burgers an salads type deal (not unlike ordering from Applebees or Ruby Tuesdays). There's lots of little shops and inside the main lobby there is a large habitat with white tigers. You may think this is cool, I firmly do not. i am staunchly afraid of large, carnivorous animals that have the ability to ingest me. Obviously i was a gazelle or zebra in a past life because the mere sight of them sent me running to the other side of the room. **(UPDATE: One of those scary bastards just attacked someone in spring of 2010 at the MGM. Who's silly for thinking them frightening instead of cool now? That's right.)***The saving grace, as far as I am concerned, is Studio 54 where there are the sky dancers who hang from the ceiling and dancers who perform on lighted pedestals. Every time I have gone to Vegas I have stopped there because it is such a good time and that's me talking, not the six vodka and cranberries I had.My friend and I met someone for dinner so I did get to sneak a peek at the rooms, nothing special really, exactly like a Comfort Inn. Also, I was informed by the occupant that because of the outside lighting (take a look at any picture of this casino) the room permanently glows ooze green at all times, it looked like someone needed to call Ghostbusters.Overall, great place to VISIT but I'd suggest actually staying at another casino.
3	I was in Vegas about a month ago for work and stayed at the MGM Grand. The room was one of the nicest and tricked out I have ever stayed in. My mirror in the bathroom had a tv built into it for christ sake!-1 for my shower flooding and -1 for keeping me at the Poker table longer than I wanted to.I did come here for work and had no intention on gambling. Walking thru the Casino I couldnt help myself so I showed a co-worker how to make $20 turn into $40, $40 into $80, and so on... I ended up playing craps, three card poker, war, and 1-2 Poker. I only pulled $20 out of pocket and by the time I had headed to my room I had about $420 in hand. On the way to my room was the Poker area so I stopped in. Sat for about 2 hours and ended up only taking $320 of my previous winnings back to my room.Im not a crazy gambler but it can be fun when you only have to come out of pocket $20.
4	The is the second time me and my bf stayed here.  The hotel is huge but offered a varity of resturants and activities.  The rooms were spacious and clean.   I loved the lazy river and the pool.  The hotel is in a good location, so once you leave the hotel you're near the M&M shops.
5	Nice room, nice hotel. Good service. They also have EXPRESS CHECKOUT - so you don't have to friggen wait on the 1st floor on your last day as you're in a rush to leave.Insider's Tip: Wait until days before, and book from the website directly. Again, booking at the last minute is usually cheaper than booking ahead of time - don't ask me why.
1	ZZZZZZZZZZZ... that is the sound of me waiting for everything at this hotel.  Overwhelming numbers of rooms + people + Ultimate Fighting Championship made this a real disappointment.  We saw 2 people getting arrested in two different bars here so let's just say the crowd was not the best.  We ate at the Studio Cafe, Fiamma (the Italian restaurant) and Wolfgang Pucks and service was SLOW.  When we at at Wolfgang Puck's, we waited 40 minutes for lunch when there were only about a dozen other tables. The entree at Fiamma was so salty that it made me nauseous after 3 bites, and was overpriced (about $25) for a tiny little plate of pasta.The West Wing Bar was the only good experience we had here.  The bartender was friendly and the drink specials were good.  It was a nice place to have a drink away from the casino noise.Traveling tip: Don't use the MGM shuttle, it's more expensive than the others that are right outside the baggage claim doors and you end up having to wait a lot longer than if you just took the regular shuttle. Or better yet, stay somewhere else with better service and a better location.
4	The only reason I rated this casino so high was because of...1. Craft Steak - restaurant owned by Tom Coliccio from Top Chef. 2. Ka- Cirque du Soleil show3. The lions who were energetic and lively in comparison to the sleepy lions at the Zoo who just lay around all day. My family and I stayed here (VIP style) for free thanks to my dad's vendor. We had the suite, which was OKAY. I expected a little more, since it was a suite; but it was definitely not as nice as the suites in the Hotel at Mandalay Bay. Room service was okay and the food was blah. We ordered the gourmet cheese platter which was $30 for crackers, 6 diff cheeses, and nuts. Totally not worth it. The buffalo wings were whatever- seemed like it was the frozen kind, but not the good ones that they sell at Costco. Anyways, I ended up winning $50 at the Wheel of Fortune slot machines so that improved my experienced with MGM. MGM would not be my 1st choice to stay, mainly because of the location ( I like to be in the middle of the strip) but Id like to come back and visit the other restaurants in this hotel.
4	I have to give it up for the MGM Grand as it is probably my favorite Vegas hotel and casino at this point.The reason it is my favorite hotel is simply because of the Terrace Suites.  If you are going to get a suite in Vegas, I don't think you can find a better suite for the price.The Terrace Suites are two-story, 1,300sq ft suites that are nice -- nothing special -- until you step out onto the 700 sq ft terrace over-looking the strip, with a private jacuzzi.  Now THAT'S Vegas.  The suites are basically on those large steps you see going down the exterior of the MGM.  For me, it doesn't get better than that starting at $900/night.My business partner and I threw our "we just sold our little internet company" party here -- and it was excellent.  The worst part about the suite was that you didn't want to leave because hanging out on the terrace was just too cool.  But, you should leave, because the casino at the MGM is also fun.Friendly dealers, lots of blackjack tables with reasonable minimums, and a younger, unpretentious crowd.  That really sums up the casino.  So many casinos in Vegas make me feel defensive and intimidated -- dealers telling me what to do (despite my knowing how to play), and lots of people who are sure they are really important.  I just don't get that vibe at MGM and it makes me a happy gambler.Lastly, the pool.  It's nothing too special, but honestly, floating around the tube-river is a pretty good hangover remedy.  On a side-note, I witnessed a balloon-off at the pool (two people -- one with ballons -- who knew how to make balloon animals, competing to make an animal the fastest).  Totally impromptu and coincidental.  That can't happen often.  Too bad I didn't have that same kinda luck at the tables.
4	The rooms are ok but MGM gets 4 stars due to its pool.The standard room has definitely shown its age with a dated bathroom and lack of a plasma TV. But we had an superb experience at the pool. Having partied through the whole night and into noon, we wanted to both lay out by the pool and not get burnt to a crisp while passed out under the sun. So we rented a cabana: $400 for the whole day -- great deal. The cabana sales people were nice enough to get us one at the Producers' pool, which complete with a DJ is very much catered to the what happens in vegas stays in vegas crowd. They could've easily stuck us at a much tamer pool since we had never stayed at MGM and didn't know any better. There's another pond behind Producer (Academy?) that didn't have the sound system hooked up and is more for those looking to purely relax. The lazy river is comprised of families with kids and people who couldn't get into Wet Republic.
4	We stayed at the MGM last October. In addition to a comfortable couch, we requested a (rather comfy) cot which came in handy for our questionably-sober guests. While I like marble, having the desk and coffee table topped with the stuff made them harder to move than necessary. Their pool (for hotel guests only) was fairly large and inviting; I took a much-needed nap poolside. (Oh, the now-standard "do not use hangers here" signs by the sprinklers amused me - who DOES that?)Gambling? Their casino rocks, as I actually won (some) money. Table limits fluctuate depending on the time of day, so the temptation to gamble can be pretty bad (I was making table bets while walking to cash my chips). At night, parking at the MGM can be a drag, from the mad confusing valet system to the unlit parking signs.Hungry? There are lots of fast-food and luxury dining options in-house (they have a Wichcraft!) and since they're on the southern section of the strip (near Monte Carlo and Luxor), you're near Ginseng (a Korean BBQ) right around the corner.All in all, a trouble-free stay! I've been in better hotel rooms, but the pool, reasonable cost (for Vegas), and dining options make the MGM easy to recommend.
4	Just got back from Vegas yesterday and enjoyed my stay at the MGM. The beds are amazing- almost as good as my bed at home. I had to call housekeeping at 3am to clean up a friend's vomit off the carpet, and the guy was super nice and helpful. He even helped me get my friend to the bed. Very close to the airport, New York-New York and Excalibur.Minus one star for the Lion exhibit- poor lions in that small habitat.
5	Love the MGM Grand! It is sooooooooo big though and if you do not like a lot of walking then I suggest skipping this place. One time my wife and I left our room, went down the hallway (Which really should have a free monorail in it because its so damn long), got in the elevator and then realized we forgot something. Normally you just go back to your room, but after all of that we decided to get it later. The place is full of great eats like Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak, Wolfgang Puck, Emeril, and Michael Mina's Nob Hill. But dont worry they also have Starbucks,Nathans and other cheaper eats for the budget traveler. You will love MGM Grand if you are into big flashy Vegas style hotel and casinos. It also has the MGM Lion den, a 20,000 seat arena (which I saw 2 concerts at and it is surreal to have an arena in your hotel) and a great pool area.
4	I gotta admit....I underestimated the MGM Grand. Our 2 bdrm/2 bath suite was perfect to house 9 girls visiting Sin City for a bachelorette party. It was very clean and updated. We had a bar with mirrors to surround, a round over-sized communal table and sofas, etc. The beds were super comfy and luxurious. We could've slept for days! To top it all off, my loving boyfriend arranged a thoughtful surprise with the MGM concierge. Upon returning to the room, there stood a beautiful single red rose in a simple vase. After reading the sweet message out loud....in unison, all the girls said "Awwwwww!!!!". It was a small but very sweeeeet gesture that I will never forget.
4	Stayed here with the girls after we turned in our keys (we're teachers) and headed for a few transition-to-summer days in Vegas.  We were given renovated rooms which were nicely done and near the elevators.    It is an enormous hotel and and that shorter trek down the hallway was nice when dragging in from the pool and nighttime activities.  Speaking of the pool, we rented a cabana for the day and I highly recommend it.  Well worth the money!  I recommend cabana #13 or #14 as they seemed to have the most shade.  They are also right by the lazy river, which was great since it was 106.  The food and drink service was great and delicious.  My only complaint about the room was the shower was either really hot water or lukewarm water. The bed was absolute heaven and super comfy.  It has a monorail station, but the cabs are cheaper, so if you have a party of four or more, the cab is the way to go.  We went from MGM to Caesar's for $8.  The monorail is $5 per person each way.  The only restaurant we ate at in the MGM was the cafe, and it should be avoided.  We waited 45 minutes for our breakfast, and it had clearly been sitting in the kitchen for a while.  Oh, and this was on a Friday morning and the place was not full.
4	Man, lordy, I'm glad I didn't have an experience like that guy below me, whoa, yowser. I had a GREAT time at the MGM grand.  This place is huge, it's located right across the street from NYNY, the elevators to the rooms were easily found drunk, wet, lost, "wasted", or even just bummed from losing money.The rooms we had were CLEAN, nice, comfortable and if I wanted to complain, I might only say that our room seemed very far from the elevator area BUT I won't say that because I took advantage of their beautiful yellow lighting and snapped a few rad pictures in there.The water was turned off in our room for about 2 hours at night and we all needed some rehydration so that's probably why only 4 stars.The pool was ok but the lazy river thing is the best thing about MGM's pool areas.  They have a dorky pool party but I didn't go.  I can't stand this Vegas con of trying to get people to pay even more for the same thing they already get for free.  I hung out with hot girls all day at the pool fo' free mutha and I didn't have to yell over some crap house music to talk to anyone either.  Wet republic whatever.  Skip it seriously.We brought some booze and watched the city fireworks from the roof of the MGM's self parking garage (see pictures), it was the highlight of Vegas all time for me.  I took some amazing shots up there.So, 4 1/2 stars for MGM Grand.  The lion exhibit is 2 of those stars alone.  Those lions are really cool and they look happy to be there too.
3	Prepare for a lot of walking at this place as the hotel is huge. We got a room that was quite far from the nearest elevator so my girls and I got a lot of exercise during our vacation.I guess we got what we paid for since we got a good deal for the room.
3	I would give this place 4 stars for the room alone because the beds are amazingly comfortable, they give you everything you need including a blowdryer, and it's just a warm, welcoming atmosphere from the moment you walk into the lobby and into the casino area.  Nice and spacious unlike New York, New York, which I can't stand.However, the customer service here is horrible!  I told my friends that these people are in the customer service industry and really should learn how to treat their guests.  The person at the registration desk was god awful.  She did not smile one bit, and even though we were here for a bachelorette party (which was pretty obvious since we were all wearing matching shirts and the bride to be was wearing a ridiculous feather boa), she was not accommodating at all.  We inquired about a room upgrade if possible but instead of even trying to check for us, she automatically responded with a curt NO.  Again, not even a smile or look of apology.  ::virtual slap::Anyway, our experience doesn't get much better.  The night before we checked out called concierge to see if we could request a late check out.  They said to call back in the morning cuz they won't know then abruptly hung up on us.  Uhhh is that how you treat your guests?  We called again in the morning and they responded with a curt NO and hung up on us again.MGM needs to do a staff overhaul and hire people who actually know something about customer service.
3	I recently stayed at the MGM for 3 nights. The news reported that visitors to Las Vegas is at an all time low. I figured I take advantage of this fact because I don't like large crowds. My girlfriend researched promo codes online and found us a rate for the hotel of around $69.00 a night. That also came with a meal credit and two cocktails at a bar. The rate was really good for what we got. I give this 3 stars because this rate is the exception and not the norm. If I was able to always get this price, I would have given the hotel 4 or even 5 stars for the value but I'm rating this on the average rate of $120+ dollars a night. The room was very average. A very long distance to the room from the elevator and it took forever to go up or down 27 stories. We wanted a refrigerator and asked for one. They said they would charge extra for the convenience. I also asked for a complimentary inter tube for the lazy river pool. I couldn't see spending $16.00 X2 for a freaking tube I'd use for 20 mins. They refused to budge on the price of the fridge or the  tube. I also asked for free room internet connection. Another NO. Now... when visitors to Las Vegas are at an all time low, why not give up a few things that won't cost the hotel anything just to make the customer happy. I know I being picky but when I go to Vegas, I often ask for comps and I usually get them. This hotel was tight fisted with everything. Dinner at Wolfgang Pucks was great. The service was nice and the meal credit worked at the location. The martinis in the West Wing Bar was excellent as well. We had a credit for two free drinks at the bar because of the room promotion. When we went to the bar, they were  having a two for one promotion. So, we ordered two drinks (free because of the room promotion) and then asked for two more because of the bar promotion, that was another NO even though we just wanted water. Table service in the casino was awful. I sat at the blackjack table for a long time before we could get any drinks. Tight fisted Casino/Hotel. We walked across to the Hooters Hotel/Casino and got drinks easily and had fun with friendly dealers. I lost my money having fun at Hooters and not at the tight fisted MGM. PS... don't knock Hooters unless you've been there. I'm not suggesting you avoid the MGM Grand, I'm just suggesting you get a great deal before deciding to stay there because they ain't going to give you anything above average.
4	The HUMUNGOUS Beds - ah heaven! the bed is so comfy and has the right amount of firmness to it. I loved the bathroom as well. It has everything you will need and I actually think their conditioner is better than the one I spent a sinful amount of money buying from the local boutique salon! So there. I was so tempted to ask for refills and bring it back with me to have it analysed @ my friend's lab! Alas, i forgot! I would definitely recommend the place to one and all except you have to walk miles to get anywhere in this casino. I bet ya, it takes you 10 mins to get from your room to the parking lot!Friendly customer service and definitely kick-ass lost and found service. When I left my cell phone on the above mentioned awesome bed, Angelica from L&F had it fedexed to me with 2 days shipping! I was happily reunited with my phone! My thanks to you, lady!
4	We stayed in this casino last year & I remember loving their beds.  The comforter and pillows were made of down - making it the most comfortable bed ever.  I know this because I checked & contemplated stealing a pillow (which I didn't!) - haha.The hotel and the casino are both great.  The only thing I don't like about this place is the location.  It's a smidgen too far from the other hotels (Bellagio, Caesar Palace, Venetian, Wynn).
5	I went to Vegas with my friend "D", her mom hooked us up with VIP guest accomodations. We felt like queens. We had two queen sized beds in our room, they were great!!! We got free passes to the clubs in the casino.  We were also able to cut the line at the buffet!!! This trip was awesome overall, but what really made me look back at this hotel was the customer service they provided above and beyond.I bought a top in Vegas, wore it one night, somehow got it stained, and sent it to the hotel's drycleaning service.  Well lets just say my top would never look the same again. I brought it up to the manager at the bell desk. Now keep in mind it was my last day there...I was freaking out that this would never get fixed!!! The manager took my top and told me someone would get back to me. I was mad to say the least, and then the dry cleaning company the hotel works with wouldn't refund my money.  I called the bell desk back and told them what happened and the manager ended up sending me a check about a month later. What I love the most was that they constantly followed up with me, making sure that something was being done. Now thats customer service!!!!!!
4	Im a fan of the MGM Grand. They always have promotions going on for their rooms. Check out the vegas forums on fatwallet.com or just to the mgms website and take advantage of them. I got a double bed room, for 3 nights at a total of $390.00. Everyone here is relaxed, friendly and this place is HUGE. It has everything you will need. Has some amazing restaurants, fun gambling and casual atmosphere. Its not in your face or intiimdating. Its not stuck up like some others down the strip. MGM is a good value and comfortable. Wouldnt really go here for luxury per say, but the new Skylofts and the West Wing sound luxurious. Havent stayed in those yet. Their pool complex is so big. They have 5 pools, a lazy river and new cool pool area. Like an outdoor club, but a heads up YOU HAVE TO PAY COVER :)Good- THEIR BEDS!!!!!!!!!  I wish I could take them home with me. So comfortable. Like Heaven. Conceirge- Awesome people. I had them put balloons, a Happy Birthday banner and a flower in the room before we got there, and it was such a great surprise. They did it just right!Airport Checkin- WONDERFUL. This is the only hotel who has this at the Vegas airport. I checked in here so the conceirge could have a heads up that we were coming and have time to set everything up. The lovely man who helped me in the airport check in was so accomadating. At first I was hesitant to check in here because I thought I couldnt get the room I wanted, or you know...haggle like most people do at check in to get the perfect room they want. THIS WAS EASIER. I got my Non-Smoking room, close to the elevator (actually the first one in the hall. If you have seen the LONG hallways at the MGM you know what Im talking about), high floor but a possible view. HE GAVE ME all that I wanted. This was a room that was "blocked" in his system, but had the manager unblock it so he can give it to me. AWESOME. Will always check in for MGM this way. RIDE TO HOTEL- MGM is the first hotel when you exit the airport. Fare is like $15 (up to 5 ppl in a taxi). DOnt take the MGM shuttle which charges $15 per person, roundtrip. Taxi is cheaper. We won some money, swam a lot, and relaxed. So much fun.
5	It gets a five star rating for me primarily because of the pool.  And what a pool it is - the lazy river is a ton of fun.  They also have that "club" pool, Wet Republic, which attracts many a frat boy/sorority girl.  Honestly one of the best hotel pools on the Strip, very hard to compare.The MGM Grand is about 15 years old now.  Compared to the surrounding hotels, it's pretty dated.  But it's still a massive draw.  And a massive complex.  It will literally take you a good 20 minutes to walk from the parking structure to your hotel room (ok, maybe exaggerating a little bit - but it IS a bit of a walk.  Tack on an extra 10 for the pool)The standard rooms are pretty decent; watch out for dirty towels, though, and the housekeeping service knocking at your door at an ungodly hour (at least for Vegas... I mean, 9am?  seriously?)  The beds are quite comfy though.  There are 3 clubs of note - the aformentioned Wet Republic, Studio 54, and Tabu.  Of the three, we tried to go Tabu, which is considered the "after hours club" - we went at around 3AM on a Sunday, and the place was closed.  How can you be an after hours club when you're closed at 3AM? Granted, it was a Sunday, but still.  LV is the fucking city that never sleeps, just like New York.  What the hell?Food options are great here - there's a Joel Robuchon restaurant, Tom Colicchio (of Top Chef fame) has both his Craftsteak and Wichcraft restaurants on the premises, and some others here and there.  There's even a food court with Nathan's, McDonalds', etc. in the "Studiowalk" area.Then there's the lions.  Yep, the freakin' lions.  Whatever.I still enjoyed this hotel for it's convenient location on the strip.  Will come back again.
3	We got a bungalow queen suite. I was really excited because we got a suite. I have stayed at Paris, Venetian, and Ballys' in a regular room. I thought since we had the suite it would be bigger. When i arrived at teh hotel........ WTF!!! The room looks like a regular room in paris. I should of got a room at Paris for cheaper. hahahah. Only one bathroom. It said separate bath and shower so i'm thinking there should be two separate bathroom. Nope!!! I was not happy. Their was no separate entertainment room. The beds were in one big opening. So small we didn't have much room. We had 6 girls in one room. WHATEVER!!! Misleading website. I had better experience than this.Too bad i didn't have a picture of the room. hahaha. i'll show you guys what i mean..........
4	We stayed in a West Wing room and really enjoyed it. All of the staff was extremely helpful and very friendly. Of course it takes awhile to check-in but if you're checking in on a Fri. or Sat. then you are going to be in line at ANY hotel. I am extremely picky with cleanliness in hotels and this hotel room was definitely clean. My only complaint is that there is no real bathroom. There is a bathroom of course but it's not an actual room. When you walk in you will be on tile floor that is essentially the bathroom. The toilet is in a frosted glass "stall" and the shower is next to it in another "stall." It is very contemporary but if you're not one to use the restroom in front of the person you're rooming with you may feel a tad uncomfortable. The shower is amazing. My hubby took the longest shower he's ever taken. Overall it's a great hotel and great hotel room. Also worthy to be noted is their awesome pools. We had tons of fun there.
5	This place took care of us Went with a pretty big group for a karate tournament and stayed here.  To kill some time the night before the tournament we went out in the hall way and had a sparing session with the students and around 6 black belts....  The next thing you know security was all over us they were watching us in the cameras they thought they had a fight going on..LOL  After a moment or 2 after we told them what we were doing they told us to get our gear and brought us to a conference room and said we could use it to spar in. They pretty much took care of us during the weekend.  So they get my stars for their hospitality and the other things we did there during the weekend and the comp stufff they threw down. Oh I forgot !!!!  Stay inside it's too hot outdoors.... unless your in the pool but it's still hot.
3	The pool area is awesome!  Nice little pool area for little kids.  To rent a floating device for the lazy river ($16).  Just bring your own!  Breakfast at the cafe was not as good as Denny's or IHOP.  We ordered 2 meals: pancakes and an egg, bacon, sausage, toast plate, and a side of fresh fruit.... $70 !!!  What a rip off!  The Lion Habitat, they were always sleeping!  The room, I thought it would be "Grand", but it was just okay.  Nothing spectacular.  The Venetian has way better and bigger rooms.
3	Solid, huge hotel.  Our room was in the updated "west wing," which gets you modern-styled amenities and a small, porthole-like window.Lots of dining and lounging choices, with a massive casino and sports book to boot.  There's not much to dislike here, a genuine Vegas Strip experience.  Very convenient, obviously, if you're in town for an event at the arena.
2	The hotel room was lavish and the bed was the most comfortable bed that I have ever slept in, that being said...The prices are too highInternet isn't standard, it's like $14 a day PER person in the room which is ridiculous, we paid like $28 a day for internetI wasn't terribly impressed with the casino either, I tried to get into a poker tourney and was let down at the fact that they limit the entrants by so many, there were 16 people on the wait list with a half an hour left to go until start time.Also, the girl working the front desk was so rude that we started to ask for a manager to issue a complaint.I'd recommend staying somewhere like Paris where the prices are more affordable, the location is 20 times better than MGM's and the workers are super nice.
4	I stay her with my wife everytime we go to Vegas.  The price is right and the hotel is not bad.  I have to say that the service has been reasonable everytime I have stayed there.  Nothing magical about this place, but not much to complain about either.  The hotel is starting to age and some up grades are goign to be needed soon.
4	I have to say that I'm a huge fan of the MGM. I remember this place from back in the day when we thought that a big emerald green building with a massive gold lion's head outside was just about the most impressive thing you'd ever see. Fast forward 10 years later and you have the Bellaigo, followed by Paris, followed by the Venetian, and the MGM is not so impressive. However, after a massive facelift about 6 - 7 years ago the MGM really stands out. They have a GREAT assortment of restaurants to choose from, the KA theater that hosts one of the many Cirque du Soliel shows in Vegas, the Lion Habitat, and of course, hotel rooms. I have stayed here before and the rooms were fairly standard. I'm sure the suites are much more impressive, but rating the hotel based on the facility as a whole I am going with four stars. The greatest part about this hotel? The lazy river pool (s) and the fact that you can catch the monorail here and take it up and down the strip as far at the Stratosphere Hotel. That's a HUGE bonus in my book.
4	The MGM sure is Grand. Grand in the sense that I had to walk more than halfway across the hotel to get to my room, but it was a really nice room. I upgraded from a room in their Grand Tower to one in their West Wing. It's the best and most modern room I've stayed at in Vegas to date. It's also a bit of a walk to get to their pool; you have to go through their restaurant/food court area just to get there. One of several bars in the hotel was right on the bottom floor just steps away from the elevator to the room. The bartender that helped us was nice and made us some really cold (how they should be) shots of Grey Goose. The valet parking attendants here work really fast. For a hotel that's pretty crowded, our car was up in only 2-3 minutes. If you ever book this hotel and absolutely hate waiting in line to check in, they actually have a counter next to the baggage claim at the airport. Very convenient. Another good Vegas hotel to add to my list.
4	Awesome place to get a good price room, great service and were kind enogh to find my gf a non smoking room when they said they did not have any. I always like staying here on the strip as I can always get a good price when booking early and signing up for their special offers
3	Feel like getting lost in your own hotel?  Then go to MGM Grand!  It's humongo.  The staff is so nice and helpful.  The rooms are spacious and clean.  There's a separate pool for children--yeah that's right--keep em corraled.  The pool is clean and not deep enough for me to drown in.  The casino is loud and gaudy and typical Vegas.  The entertainment is typical as well.It's an affordable way to take a vacay.
4	Good location, good rooms, good views, good linens and beds.  Linens and beds are very important!  The rooms are clean and housekeeping is responsive if you need them.  The bathrooms are nice, not on the same level as Bellagio, but nice just the same.  The pool area is amazing!  LOVE the pool area!  As long as I find the one that isn't FILLED WITH CHILDREN WHO SHOULD HAVE BEEN LEFT AT HOME, that is.  And there is such an area at the MGM pool complex.  Yay!Food options are good, lots to choose from, something for everyone.  Check in and check out, no problems there.Casino is huge, not bad, good cocktail service, bad video poker pay tables.  We don't do a lot of gambling here, for the above referenced bad vp and the crowd, eh, not our kind of gang.  Little bit of the fanny pack wearing, matching shirt crowd going on here.Crazy Horse Paris - great show!  Check my other reviews for that one!People have complained about the green glow in their rooms at night, but it doesn't bother me at all.They could lose the Rainforest Cafe, as far as I'm concerned, all it does is bring families with small children, WHO DO NOT BELONG ON THE VEGAS STRIP.The lions are pretty cool, but again, the area is crowded with small ones.I do love the location, the rooms, the linens and the pool area.  Also, the valets are great about putting you in a town car for naughty night-time activities, if you ask!
4	Huge hotel!  They messed up our reservation but then upgraded us to a Spa suite.  Nice.  No fuss.  Their service was excellent and when they messed up they didn't argue and immediately compensated for it.  As far as prices go it varies from place to place and you won't get the same deals cause it varies with a lot of factors.  There are deals abound online you just gotta plan and dig, especially when it comes to Vegas.  It was  a pretty enjoyable experience.  The service was good, the rooms are clean, They have one of the tightest pools.  Parking was nice cause there was always someone leaving.  We actually got good parking every time we needed it.  That will vary with the tourist season though.  I'd come back if they had a similar deal or better.
4	I like this place. it's so big and you can easily get lost, but once you find your way, you'll be just fine. I'm a fan of the poker room as it is large and you hardly have to wait to get into a game. i come here for the poker and not necesarilly for anything else. dig it.
3	We kind of got jacked around from the start - there were four of us, and we reserved a room with two queen beds.  When we got to our room, our suitcases were waiting for us in a room that had one king-sized bed and one couch.  Calling down to the front desk immediately, the conversation went kind of like this - Us: we were not given the room we reserved.  We would like you to remedy the situation.  Them: we gave you a complimentary upgrade.  [Translation: Either there are not any rooms with two queen beds available or we are too lazy to find any].  You're welcome for upgrading your room.  Us: I'm sorry, this is not going to work.  Let me talk to someone who understands words.After being passed to three people, we found someone who understood the situation and we finally were given the correct room.  But without a fridge - I couldn't believe it!  And one remote for two TVs.  Hmm.  I never actually slept in the bed all weekend, but it looked comfortable.  The two showers were nice, and there was a massive sink area, another plus.The hotel itself was larger than some small towns.  It was immense.  By the end of the weekend though, I could easily maneuver it.  Bonus - the casino didn't smell over-perfumey or smell like smoke, which was nice since I walked through it frequently (but didn't gamble).  There were lots of bathrooms everywhere, another plus since you're drinking lots (of water) since it's so dry in Vegas.
1	Just had one of the worst hotel experiences in Vegas this past weekend at the MGM grand.  It was my first time there and I had heard good things about it but let me tell you my story of frustration.  Arrive at the front desk where there are about 25 lines but no order and no one telling you where to wait to check in.  Wait about 10 minutes with only two people ahead of us (no big deal).  Go to our "clean" room to find out that the room is not clean and we can't even walk into the room because there is a pull-away bed blocking the entrance.  Tell the maid the room is not clean.  She says no the room is clean.  Bring her over to the room and she moves the roll away bed out of the room and acts like everything is dandy.  Go into the room and find trash and that the bed is not made... sigh.  The floor manager starts blaming the front desk for not telling them that someone checked out of the room this morning.  The front desk says no one stayed in that room last night... Walked back down to get a new room and finally got our room about 1.5 hours after we initially walked into the hotel.    Later that night we discover the sink is clogged.Oh I forgot to mention that we stayed on floor 23 which meant every time we needed to go up to the room or come back down there was a ridiculous wait for the elevator.  I seriously don't understand ... there are like 6 elevators but some must not work because we had to squeeze into the few working elevators like sardines.  At night for some reason our door keep slightly opening and closing cuz there was a slight gap in the door and it was soo annoying.  Not to mention all the screaming and yelling in the hallway which is fine with me cuz you know... it's vegas and people are just having fun... i just wish our door didn't keep slamming all night/morning long.  TV reception was horrible and they charge $15 for wifi.The worst part:  Checking out.  11am Monday we pack up to go and five elevators pass us filled with other people checking out.  We realize this is going to take a LOOONNNGGG time.   A few people on our floor get smart and start taking the elevator up so that you have a spot reserved on the way down as it stops at EVERY floor in both directions.  By the time we got to the top two floors there were at least 30 people waiting for elevators and people were starting to get really pissed.  Seriously MGM it was like amateur night ... get your logistics together!
4	Back in Jan of 08, hubby and I decided to take a vacation to Vegas; our little getaway after the hectic holiday season......We went in the middle of the week, and when we got there and checked in I noticed that this place from the outside is huge and when you're inside.....it's even bigger!  Now, I'm really bad with directions as it is, soooo with that being said, dropping me in the middle of this hotel and telling me to get to my room was almost cause for panic.  To say that this hotel is huge, is a total understatement.  I was almost afraid we wouldn't get to see all of our hotel, but.....the nite we got there, hubby got sick, pretty  bad too.  Of course, I was bummed out, but what could I do right?  hmmm.....hubby sick, too cold for him to go outside.  Weeelll off to Plan B......eat at every single restaurant in the damn hotel.  And we did.  The buffet, the 24 hr cafe, Seablue, Shibuya, Craftsteak, Emeril's, Wolfgang Puck....and we may have missed one restaurant, but we pretty much did 'em all!  And with the exception of the buffet, every single restaurant there is damn good.  Craftsteak and Shibuya being amongst my faves....We also did the show there, KA, and even though I reviewed the show a long time ago, I still rave about it to everybody I know!  It was an excellent show, and I would love to go back and see it, I'm sure there are things that I missed the first time around.......The rooms are decent, bathrooms also decently sized.  The little sofa they have in the room is kinda stiff, but the bed was super comfy!  Housekeeping was great, room was always clean and extra towels were always brought up promptly as per our request :)  Would definitely go back to this hotel for another stay!  Hopefully this time.....hubby doesn't get sick.........  :)
2	I never thought I would be doing a review on a hotel, but here we go.  I went to Las Vegas for the UFC fight in May 2008.  The fight was great, the hotel stay was great and service was ok.  If I wrote a review on the MGM Grand within three days after I came back from my trip, I would've given them 4 or 5 stars . . . until they overcharged my credit card account.  Then all hell broke loose!I noticed that my credit card was charged double the amount that I was supposed to pay.  The problem was that I took the option up to pay for everything upfront rather than letting them charge me on check out.  Apparently, the check out counter guy charged me again for some reason even though I told him that I paid for the hotel rooms already.  Now the problems arose.  I had to speak with about 15 different people in their customer service to get the money credited back to my account.  It took almost 3-4 weeks for them to figure out what happened!  I think a bunch of monkeys could've figured out what happened in less time.  My last word of advice to you is that if you stay at the MGM Grand, just pray that there are no issues that come up with the billing.  If that is the case, be prepared to call in many times and repeat yourself over and over again until you get your money back.  Check your account once you get back periodically to make sure you are not being overcharged.
2	There are definitely better hotels on the strip than MGM Grand.  I booked a suite hoping to have a great experience and was let down.  The beds had lumpy comforters, the carpet wasn't vacuumed and the furniture looked about 20 years old.  I think the hotel isn't easily manueverable and everything takes ten minuts to walk to.  My friends and I were looking for something to eat at 4:00 in the morning (which a lot of people are) and there was only one restaurant open and it had a really long line to get into.  I will not stay here again.
4	MGM Grand gets 4 stars...but it's only because with being a player's card member (hubby and i have a "combined" player's club account) that we get awesome offers. Basically, they send us offers for 3 free nights in a deluxe room with free lunch and dinner for EVERY DAY we are there. It's at select restaurants but one of them is the Grand Wok. As long as the bill says two guests, we can pretty much order anything we darn well please and it's all free. Basically, all you can eat sushi, seafood and other asian dishes! Like I said, the reason for 4 stars.IF we ever paid to stay there, this place would prob get between 2-3 starts.PROS:decent gambling, tons of slots (last time we went, i sat down with $20 bucks at a machine and won $500 in about 10 minutes!)cocktail waitresses are pretty good about coming back (if you tip them) but it's a pain to wait until they actually show up the first timeBEDS! amazing...so comfortablewater pressure in shower (i'm one of those that likes the shooting water at full speed, minimizes my normally 30-40 minute shower time)POOL seems to be the consensus...actually haven't been yet but will def. check it out next time. I'm excited!Airport check-in ROCKSCONS:place is HUGE, there is way too much walking involved and maneuvering  around sloppy drunken peopleBell Desk = rude, incompetent A$$ (we checked our bags because our room wasn't ready, they said they could not take our bags upstairs for us when we were ready to check in. Then these stupid frat boys walk up and I see the bellhop rolling their luggage up for them.....riiiight...)late checkout--having to get up at the crack of dawn to ask for it. although, everytime we've requested it, we've always gotten it.Player's Club -- watch your comps, don't expect them, you have to make up your room price etc... before they even think about giving you comps!TOO many kids....honestly, i don't think small children should be chillin' in a very smoky casino for health reasons...but that's just my humble opinion
2	Average rooms! Nothing special! Too far of location from where I want to be on the strip!
3	Rooms were nice and the beds were comfortable but keep in mind they are only full size beds in double bed rooms.  They are very strict when it comes to access to the hotel rooms and they even patrol the hallways.  I saw a bunch of families here.  If you want a more adult crowd the Hard Rock / Palms might be good for you.I'd stay here again if the price is right.  If you are into the night life you are probably better staying at Caesar' for Pure, Venetian for Tao so it's easier to get in, go back to the hotel room for a break or just get back to the room.
4	I belong to their Reel Access Club so me and the Mr get some great deals from here.. this last time was 79 weekend and 59 weekday a night.. for the quality of the hotel to some of the best places on the strip to eat its a real treat staying here. Plus going to the LV Convention Center is a cinch with the monorail. I wouldn't stay anywhere else but here when I'm working at the convention center. Be sure to get Grand Tower rooms.. the West Wing rooms bathrooms are way to small!
4	I really like this hotel.  It located at the beginning of the strip.  The rooms are impressively maintained.  The gaming floor is well equipped, and the food at the buffet is quite tasty.  I always stay at this hotel, every time I visit, but it is beginning to becme a bit boring, since I am always there.  If they are able to change things around and hype up their clubs, I think they would have more people coming.  There is a lot of competition in Vegas.
4	I stayed at the MGM Grand for five days two weeks ago and had the time of my life. From the time we checked in to the time we checked out it was amazing. Checking in barely took five minutes. Checking out took less than two! We got to our room on the 22nd floor without any hassle. The room itself was gorgeous. The view was incredible. We had two queen sized beds full of fluffy pillows and amazing comforters. After nights spent gambling and partying it was very refreshing to be able to come back to a comfortable beds.The hotel is huge. It's easy to get lost, but there are signs throughout the hotel to help you on your way, plus the staff is really friendly. This hotel has a great selection of restaurants and nightlife from clubs to lounges and they have cute shops too. They have a few different pools, but they can get pretty crowded. I recommend getting there before noon if you plan on swimming, before it gets too crowded. The worst part was the number of children running around. But I can't blame that on the hotel, I blame the parents who thought a place nicknamed "Sin City" would be a good place to take their children.Overall I found my stay to be quite pleasant. I would stay there again.
4	I can not believe that I reviewed all of their restaurants and forgot the hotel and casino... oops!  Themed after all the glitz & glory from the Wizard of Oz, with giant gold lions to emerald colors and ruby slippers.When we lived in Coronado, for 8 years, this was our home away from home. NO!, I'm not a compulsive gambler! Southwest used to offer 2 for 1 flights or $50.00 Flights from SD to Vegas and we took advantage of them,  every chance we got, which was often. So you take that deal along with the MGM knowing you were coming back soon, to throw your money at them and they offer deals.. like free rooms and discounts on food!  Plus, of course, you have your player's card, which earns you points to use in many different ways.  I used them to put the cash right back in the machines.  My favorite machines were in the Lion's Den.  I also, entered their slot tournaments, every once in awhile.  Those were held over in the Emerald Isle section. My husband loved the poker room, until the stakes got too high, now when we go we walk across the street and gamble at the Excaliber. Easy wins there and I have tried all the casino's!  Hubby always wins at poker, no matter where we are. I wished that I could say the same about the slots! Rooms are very nice, clean, and with all the new hotels, it's starting to look a but older. Our rooms started getting better and better and they have different elevators for different wings and we always felt very special on our last visits, because of the upgraded comps..I like the MGM Grand. I do.
1	i'll start by saying that this isn't a fair review.i did not stay here.and i'm not a die hard animal activist. but...seriously what is this the eighties? this place has two miserable-looking lions in a plexiglass cage filled with plastic terrain probably not much bigger than my apartment... there are obnoxious tourists suction-cupped against the glass in hoards slapping and kicking at them and snapping a thousand pictures a minute like they've never seen a flipping animal before. i got half way past and almost started crying (liked las vegas isn't depressing enough)
3	I got a great deal on a room here for Labor Day. The rooms were nice, although the walls were paper thin. Our neighbors were partying their a$$es off in their room and I had to call security. Sorry- go to the club, come on now.The hotel and casino are gigantic- my mom kept getting lost. While that was amusing, it got annoying trying to explain to her that the "Shakin' Bacon" slot machine was near the lobby, and not near one of the two Starbucks.There are a bunch of nice restaurants in the MGM Grand and the pool is pretty nice. Overall, I'd stay here again if it was cheap and if they turn the AC down a notch. Let's just say that everyone's headlights are on in the MGM Grand.
5	I like the proximity to the rest of the stripI like the proximity to the strip clubsI like the "fish" that frequent the low limit poker gamesI like the fact that the rooms are decently priced and occasionally compedI like the fact that I won a small jackpot here back on my first trip to Vegas...And I like the fact that Studio 54 is one of the best club experiences I've ever had and I've had a lot of them!
3	No complaints. Stayed here over 4th of July weekend and the price was still reasonable.The location was good and the room was perfectly fine, nothing great. It would've been awesome to stay at the Wynn or Bellagio of course but when you are in Vegas it doesn't really matter that much since hopefully you are only in your room when you are getting ready or napping! I would stay here again.
4	This place is not cheap, but it worths every penny.  I love the pool area, it's huge, with several swimming pools and my favorite is the lazy river, it goes around and around with several small water falls.  If you are going with a group who love hanging out by the water or love swimming, this is the place for you.... It's fantastic... This is the first place that I would pick to stay in Vegas... The casino is huge... watch out  and pay attention on where you go cause it's easy to get lost in here, did I mention that everywhere in the casino look the same? :)
1	after reading all the review about the MGM, i was hesistant to stay at the hotel, but since my friends and i already got the rooms reserved and all we wanted to give it a shot. i give this hotel a 1 star because the manager wasnt really helpful whatsoever!!  the first day my friend and i  arrive at the hotel the bell hop guy commented to us that tipping the other guy who brings up your luggage is separate from his, and that kinda bothered us. the 2nd day that we were there the boys' room was damaged, water damaged.. We didnt get comped, the boys couldnt even go to a nicer room, due to we reserved the room through hotels.com. and i think thats whack!! overall i'd rather stay at another hotel.
4	MGM sets a standard in Las Vegas. Its one of the biggest casinos in the world and has some of the best Chefs in the world. Those two are the perfect combination for me when I go to Las Vegas. Check in was a breeze. As soon as I stepped off my plane I was able to check in at the airport and by the time I got to the Casino I was able to go straight to my room. I booked a Deluxe Room in the Grand Tower. Room was perfect in size. Beds were comfortable. Bathroom was clean and large. Didn't experience any problems with housekeeping and was brought fresh towels everyday. Only con with the rooms is not enough premium channels (HBO, Showtime,etc.,) to watch but not that big of a deal since I don't spend to much time in the room anyways. The casino is very large and some people may complain its to large and get lost in it. Well they didn't get the reputation of being one of the biggest casinos in the world for nothing. They make it very easy to navigate throughout the casinos with signs posted pointing in the directions of where the stuff is and had no problem finding myself around. The Lion Habitat is amazing and found myself stopping to watch them everyday while I was there. They have a wide range of slots and tables to satisfy any gambler. Unlike most casinos in Las Vegas, I found it not to be very smokey at all which is a plus for a non smoker like me. They have some of the best Chefs in the world here and loved the wide-range of restaurants to choose from. For the price, I find MGM Grand Hotel Casino to be the best overall place to stay in Las Vegas and wouldn't hesitate to stay here again next time I'm in Las Vegas.
2	After sending a letter to the hotel complaining about my awful experience they send me a letter apologizing and to show their generosity they offered me a free upgrade next time I stay in one of their bungalow suites... as sarah palin said re: the "bridge to nowhere": Thanks but no thanks.one extra star for sending a letter instead of just ignoring me :P
5	MGM grand is one of the best hotels I've been to so far. The rooms are spacious and the beds super comfortable. If you have diabetes, you can get a free fridge in your room to keep your insulin cold and we also got free accommodations like 2 free meals via room service and 2 free inner tube rentals at the Lazy river (one of their 5 pools). The Lazy river was awesome- kinda like the amazon river at Raging Waters except in Vegas, you're surrounded by hot half naked men and a lot of fake tits. Another plus is that you can drink while you're floating around the river and meeting new people. The hotel was huge- I really liked the lobby, but the buffet here was not anything to write home about. Make sure to check out the lion habitat too and if you're into clubbing there's Studio 54 and Tabu.
3	Big hotel, HUGE Lobby.i hate how the parking lot is so goddamn big and you'll never be able to park close to the elevator or enter the  lobby quickly. this is a downer since the heat in the parking complex is horrible. As you enter the lobby, you see a huge lobby of emptiness. huge panoramic looking screens behind the counters displayin commercials of there shows and restaurants. I also hate how the place is dark @ all areas. do they have to keep everything so so goddamn dark? it feels like it's nighttime all time when your here. another thing that i don't like about this place is that it doesn't have any shopping places. i've never stayed in this hotel but i've visited for the buffet, can't really give it high ratings if i haven't stayed in the hotel. i've never experience there service. 3 stars @ best. i prefer venetian, mandalay bay, mirage, bellagio. etc. msot people prefer the newer places, but they are more expensive
4	I've stayed at the MGM a couple of times now, and the first experience was better than the last.  All in all it's a decent place to stay.  They need to work on updating some of the rooms a bit... the TVs are dated, and having a fridge in each room ought to be standard in Vegas I think.  We had an emergency medical situation in our room this stay and the staff was very quick to react and I appreciate that.
4	MGM has one of the most impressive lobbies I've seen. It's also pretty conducive to shouting, just ask Kamster.Checking in was a little bumpy, had to wait in a long line just to be told we couldn't check in yet and we had to call a special number at a special time in order to get our room number. Their concierge was pretty helpful when we asked about the best/most popular nightspots and didn't automatically recommend MGM's clubs.The room itself was really nice (though, no fridge) with big super comfy beds and bedding and a glorious view of Hooters. I'm still confused as to why there was a picture of Patrick Stewart on the wall.
5	i love you mgm. everytime i go to las vegas, i'm here for the stay. this place is huge! i always feel like a vip here. i love the top floors, good view, good services, and the room is big. my experience here was awesome! thank you and i will come back again!
3	MGM's hotel rooms are getting a bit rundown...perhaps new carpeting or a polishing of the bathroom marble tiles is needed? Other than the not-so-tip-top-shape of the rooms, our stay here was better than satisfactory. We came here to stay for 3 nights for my sister's birthday, and we all had a good time. The rooms were decent, the beds were comfortable, and the rates we paid were fair.The front desk check-in staff was really nice and accommodating, and allowed us to upgrade to suites for a minimal fee once the rooms became available.We spent some time lazing around the Lazy River; which had waterfalls and a pretty decent current. Rent an inner tube, buy one of those huge daquiri drinks, and just lay back, allowing the current to carry you along the river's path. Make sure to watch out for the random places where water shoots out at you though...and the curtain of water at some point that you just can't avoid, no matter what you do.Many of the dealers here are nice too; there was only one grouch at a roulette table, but then again, it was 4 in the morning, so oh well. Learned how to play craps finally, and the dealers were all very patient and helpful dealing with us newbies at the table. The only complaint I have is that the casino doesn't have any 25 cent Wheel of Fortune machines! Why?!?!I'd recommend this hotel if you're on a budget, looking for a pretty nice place to stay (although it's nowhere in the league of the Venetian, for instance), and don't mind a lot of walking, since it's located at the far end of the strip.
5	My husband and I go to Las Vegas on average 6-8 times a year and we love this hotel. this place has many good restaurants, few cool lounges, Starbucks, one of  the biggest casinos on the strip. Service is always good and if you gamble  enough they will comp your room, food, drinks and offer you nice limo to the airport. Rooms are always clean, beds are super comfortable and I think that's all what you need, because you don't sleep in Vegas, you PARTY IN VEGAS!
3	MGM was a decent stay. On approach, the MGM is a behemoth. It's beautiful exterior is shrouded at night in a fine green glow. Of course, the majestic lion out front gives the place away. The lobby is huge and decadent. The staff at the counter are extremely friendly and has us checked into our suite within a few hours (once housekeeping had gotten to it).Their deluxe room (the basic one) is all right, but not overly sweet. Thankfully, my travel companion found a bottle in his bed after the housekeeping service had been by so we were upgraded to one of the larger suites. And let me tell you something, that is living. The room was enormous and staff came by all the time to make sure we were taken care of.The food from room service was bunk, though, and one of the major downsides of staying at the MGM Grand. The prices are high, and had they a kitchenette in the suite, I could have cooked up something far tastier than the mealy pizza and cold breakfast I ate from my room.The casino is gorgeous though. And thankfully, the US hasn't totally crushed the civil liberties of its people -- you can smoke pretty much anywhere.The place is huge and offers a beautiful pool area, a food court with all the fast-food favourites, and plenty of other fun stuff to do. My complaint is that services here are over-the-top expensive and can inhibit one's ability to spend his money at the casino, rather than at a cash register.
4	Even though MGM is considered one of the older hotels on the strip, its interior has been kept up quite nicely.  The lobby and the casino are HUGE and well-decorated -- one of my friends actually got lost in the casino when we first arrived and it took us 15 minutes to regroup.Anyhow, my friends and I stayed here over Halloween weekend and we got a steal on the rooms -- we're poor grad students (read low-rollers) so we had zero chance of a comp.  We booked a regular grand tower room at ~$200 total and a bungalow queen suite for ~$240 total, which was a great deal during the popular weekend.  Customer service was extremely attentive and friendly, and did not charge us extra for additional room keys.The rooms were not overly luxurious, but did have a quality feel and furnishings well-kept even though they might be somewhat old.  The tube TVs were a bit out-dated I must say, but who goes to Vegas to watch TV?  Seriously.  The regular grand tower room is pretty comparable in size to rooms in any of the other hotels on the strip.  The bungalow queen suite included a nice spacious sitting area with a second TV, coffee table, lounge chair, and sofa (big enough for someone to sleep on actually).  The beds were just heavenly.  The only negative thing I could probably say about this place is that the walls are pretty thin.  We could hear our crazy neighbors partying hard again at 8 am the next morning!Overall, MGM has a fairly younger crowd with great amenities, customer service, comfort, location, and rates.  This hotel is probably one of the best all-around on the strip.
3	I go to Vegas at least twice a year.  I'm not sure why - I'm not sure I even like Vegas.  Las Vegas is like the siren that lures wayward ships into the rocks;  I suppose I am lured by the strange seediness, and the buffets.  Whatever the case, one of my Vegas goals is to stay at all of the better hotels at some point in time.  My last trip was to the Red Rock Hotel and Casino, and I must say, although it is 20 minutes from the strip, it is a pretty fine hotel.  But this trip, I decided to visit an old standard - the MGM Grand.  I think the Grand was built in the late-70's or 80's, but its still a nice place to stay, especially for the price.  I got an email,  advertising rates of $69.00 per night, so I couldn't resist.  I booked a bungalow suite for $79.00 per night.  The suites was large, and featured a huge armoire, separating the living room from the sleep area - a very nice room for the price.    The hotel is aging gracefully, although the wallpaper and acoustic ceiling scream of a generation past.   The rest of the hotel is nice, but also aging a bit.  The front desk staff was quite friendly and helpful.  One highlight is a lion exhibit, where you can actually walk under the glass enclosed lion's den.  I'm sure these lions could eat you, but I don't know if they ever would take a break from sleeping to actually do it.  The rest of the hotel is rather mundane, but I broke a streak of losing 15 blackjack hands in a row (over the past five years) here, so I am indebted to this hotel.  I still prefer the Venetian, Pallazo, Wynn's, or the Red Rock, but the MGM Grand will do when you want a nice room, but don't want to blow all your dough.
4	Fantastic hotel.  Nice & clean.  Lots of dining & entertainment options on site.  The comped drinks when gambling are pretty strong pours too.Here's a tip: don't go on the weekend Madonna's playing.  Maybe that will keep you from spending $550 for two nights for a tower room.  During the week, it's $89.
3	I came here with $400 and left with nothing. I went to the manager to complain but he was unsympathetic. I got to play some fun games but they would not return my deposit when I lost. This enrages me and I do not seek to return. Why, then, did I keep playing?? WHY?
4	Beds and linens still good - check.Staff still accomodating - check.VP pay schedules still meh - check.Great strip view from the room - check.Room TVs still old with very few channels - check.Best way to make a long night fade away - go to the amazing pool complex (yeah, the area where there are no kids), have one of the pretty waitresses bring you a few jello shots and a fruity, icy cocktail and get a poolside mini-massage!  Made a new woman out of me....MGM - still a fan, yes I am!
3	Walking through the endless hallways after the Hatton fight was a Fear and Loathing-esque nightmare odyssey.
5	4.75 stars.  I've never woke up as comfortable as here.  The king bed and comforters were good quality, fresh, without any hints odors.  Just fresh and clean where you trusted every sheet was replaced with new ones as you checked in and they made sure of that. The room has a contemporary touch of style, with slanted metallic handles, and granite surfaces on all the flat surface tops.  The rooms and hallways were spotless and clean.  The pool area was nicely taken care off.  The service was good where they took care of you.  I still loved the comfortables beds the most.  I was out veray late the night before but woke up the next refreshed and comfortable like I had not slept at a hotel but in a new home with all the bed trim fixings.
4	My bf and I stayed here for three nights starting this past Halloween. We stayed in one of "West Wing" rooms. Very nice! I'm very particular when it comes to the sleeping experience.... and this room passed the test! The mattress, while a little softer than I prefer, was comfortable. The down comforter was just the right weight and linens appeared to be of a respectably high thread count. The multiple pillows were super comfy too.The room WAS on the small side, compared with their regular tower rooms, but that wasn't really an issue for me. The only downsides to the West Wing rooms, are 1. the a/c unit is right next to the bed. I ended up with a frozen arm the first night since i didn't have it under the covers and we had the temp set pretty low.2. There isn't a lot of privacy in the bathroom area (just a swinging frosted glass door for the toilet area)... depending on who you are with, or more importantly the business you need to take care of, might be a little awkward.As for the hotel in general, all of our interactions with the staff were very pleasant, from the front desk to the servers in the 24 hour cafe, to the bar tenders. Only downside to this place are the hallways, which when you are a little tipsy, or are dragging all of your luggage, can seem ETERNAL.Overall, clean and very nice AND you can get super cheap deals online! I'll be staying again.
3	Some twenty years ago (guessing here) the MGM Grand went through a massive remodeling that resulted in the green beast that you see now.  The thing is truly a huge hotel.  The problem is that it probably needs another one, because it's really looking pretty run-down now.Carpets are frayed, (glass) doors are cracked or dirty, and overall it's just looking bad.  Even downtown at a number of hotels that are probably twice the age things just look better.  It's a shame.
3	What a monstrosity.  This place is huuuuuuge!  If you enter from the sidewalk on the strip and try walking all the way through the casino to try to find either the lobby or the monorail, you're bound to become lost.  The signs have arrows pointing this way or that way, but they are sometimes contradictory.  You can end right back up where you started at and not have a clue as to how you arrived back there.It's a lovely hotel and pretty well maintained, but starting to show its age in some ways.  At one time it had a Wizard of Oz/Hollywood theme.  Now that's completely vanished, and I'm not sure if it even has a theme anymore.  If there is one, it's not apparent.  Everything is also green.........veeeeeerrryyyy green.
2	When choosing accommodation in Las Vegas, I think one needs to consider and prioritize among the following factors: money, quality/luxury, location, and amenities.  In my opinion, MGM Grand doesn't rank very well.Money - Sure, it's not expensive like Bellagio, Venetian, Wynn caliber hotels... but it's not dirt cheap like Excalibur, Stratosphere, and others.Quality/luxury - Assuming you don't shell out big bucks for Terrace Suite, I would say that quality is just okay.  It's not bad, but not great either.Location - This is near the south end of the strip (in fact, almost at the end)... I would not rate location as good.Amenities - Let's see... there's Tabu ultra-lounge, which could be fun to check out.  There are several restaurants to choose from, depending on your budget, of course... ranging from casual place like Wolfgang Puck's Bar & Grill to... expensive like Joel Robuchon.  Poker room is nice in that the rake is one of the lowest in Vegas.So basically, nothing really stands out about the hotel.  If someone asked me "should I stay at MGM Grand?", I'll tell the person to spend more $ to stay elsewhere OR save even more money and stay at Excalibur, which is across the street.Another personal negative:  cigarette smell.  I realize that smoking is part of Las Vegas and I almost consider cigarette smell as integral part of gaming floor.  BUT, you can smell cigarettes everywhere... not only in the gaming area, but also in your room (doesn't matter if your room is non-smoking or smoking), lobby, and just about wherever you go.
5	Hmm... the pool party was spectacular.. i went around the 4th of july for my birthday. Unforgettable... I'm a fan of Las Vegas now and I can't wait to come back.
3	when did the makeover occur?for such a classy-looking place, you sure do attract the douchebags.i'm being sarcastic.to roulette: thanks for the money!  actually, thanks for dinner!
5	My boyfriend took me to Vegas for a getaway weekend. We stayed two nights at MGM. It was nice they "upgraded" us to the new part of the hotel.  The new room was very modern, but it had a very small window.  I guess it was nice since it is new, but it's smaller than there standard room. I might have preferred the regular room but they said we could move on the 2nd night, but we decided to stay in the west wing. During our first day we hung out and drank by the pool all day. They have a new pool that's similar to what Tao Beach is, but we just chose to hang out at one of their many pools, which has bars and music too.  I love hanging out at the pool and being lazy with a drink.  My idea of a great vacation! For dinner we wanted to eat at Shibuya but they were closed, so we ate the Grand Wok and Sushi Bar. We also got 2 free drink tickets for the bar, which was another plus.  After dinner we went back to our room and I found flower petals all over the room and champagne. I thought we entered the wrong room, but then and there my boyfriend proposed! The concierge did a great job at setting up the room while we were at dinner. This was definitely a weekend to remember!
5	I love staying here.  I don't know why.  The last time I came during a weekend we got a 2 queen bed bungalow suite for $80 per night.  It was ridiculous.  Two sinks and showers.  An extended living room to house the drunk fatties.  I will definitely be back.
4	Okay Yelp, I apologize; I know, I've been bad. I've neglected you for weeks. But I'll make it up to ya, I return baring gifts of reviews--Just in time for Christmas. The first & last time I was in Vegas was when I was about 16 years old with my family for one day. I've always always always wanted to go back after always hearing my friends talk about going to Vegas with their families for the weekend ever since--so jealous that I couldn't even though it was but a 5hr drive from home. Boyfriend and I had planned a trip to Vegas since we turned 21 earlier this year; We never got the chance until the middle of winter Dec. 14-17th. MGM had a deal going on and we decided to take advantage. When we arrived, Ryan somehow worked his charm and got us bumped up into the 13th floor of the West Wing with Strip views; Really nice. --Down comforter covered KING sized bed --Two TV's, one embedded in the mirror in the bathroom area --Phone next to the toilet; very tempting to call people while peeing. --Pretty nice view of Excalibur & New york, New york--West Wing bar! --Really friendly housekeeping staffI really don't have any other frame of reference when it comes to Vegas hotels, but the "weekend" was fun while staying here. Winning money and losing it three hours later... I miss Vegas. Thanks to a tip from research online, our room was less than $60 a night. I enjoyed our stay here, I can't wait to come back!
4	I stayed here twice this year, once when I went to Vegas with a friend, and once with my family. This hotel tries to be all things to all people - it houses a Cirque show (Ka), a venue for concerts, a venue for fights, a lounge (Tabu), a club (Studio 54), a spa, what seems like a dozen restaurants, a lion habitat, and, of course, a massive casino. The only thing it lacks is decent shopping. The rooms and service generally are fine. It does get crowded, but that's like all of Vegas. It's not the Bellagio, but it's not Excalibur either - it's an affordable yet relatively hip place to rest your head when you're living it up in Vegas.
3	Suites don't come with a coffee maker and microwave.  For the big bucks you pay, it should not come with a bill for a hot pot.
2	$85 for 12/28/08 night, we had 2 rooms. First thing I noticed in MGM Grand was that there's no one organizing the crowds for check-in/out, everyone just had to find a lucky line to get in, like the supermarket style. Our check-in process was smooth except that we found out our rooms were hundreds of numbers apart, so we went back in line to ask for a closer distance, and the CSR replaced another room right next to each other - so why didn't he just do that the first place? Obviously that room wasn't taken. Than we bumped into a huge disappointment after we entered our rooms - bulky TV, no fridge, no blow dryer. Later I found out that my sink (not sure about the other room's) couldn't drain properly, I had pause washing my face so the water wouldn't over float... Pillows weren't comfortable either. The next morning we were waiting for elevators for over 15min (not kidding) with other 20+ ppl on the 10th floor and noticed that only 2 out of 6 elevators would open, but both were full every time they opened. Finally a janitor offered us staff elevators so we could leave but the security guard just had to ruin it. He let us in, but had to tell us how the janitors weren't supposed to offer us staff elevators because we weren't staff. We complained to the CSR when we checked out and they only wanted the security's name, but our concern was the 4 broken elevators that wouldn't open, and wanted them to deliver the msg to every staff, including securities, that guests are being trapped so pls open the staff elevators. I stayed in Tuscany twice and their rooms were big, fully equipped and new. Palms had the same price but I wrongly chose MGM Grand - bad bad choice.
4	This place holds a lot of events and we enjoyed the luxury huge reception halls that they have.   This is a wonderful place and always packed with people....but you do have to do a lot of footwork to get where you have to go...    I like to go on the tours of Grand Canyon...etc...
3	review of standard 2 queen bed room in grand tower (non-smoking)THE +'s: clean. friendly staff. you get what you pay for (average 90 bucks a night). location is best though -- in the summertime, this means it's walking distance to everywhere.THE -'s: personally i can't stand the boisterous noise. stayed at the signature version of mgm and that was real swell. here, you have to walk through the ginormous casino every time you need to get to the taxi/valet area. ugh.SUM: a place i'd stay at for werk reasons. if i was looking for my usual indulgence of living in the lap of luxury, i'd book their signature rooms.
4	I got a deal I couldn't refuse from the MGM Grand.  I've stayed there a few times before and I have always had a good time. I am always amazed by people who complain about how big this place is or how far you need to walk. I love having everything in one place, and besides there's a Monorail station right there!This was the first time I used the Airport check-in and boy did it work out good for me!  When I checked in the lady said that my room was on the first floor of the Grand Tower.  I had a room there before and knew it was really noisy and not very nice, so I asked if they had anything else available.  She found a wheelchair accessible room on the 17th floor of the better  tower(not the West Wing) at the same price.  SCORE!!!!My room was Great! Big and beautiful with a nice view of the Strip and the most comfortable bed I've ever had in Vegas.  It was also very well designed for a wheelchair user!  Throughout my stay, The MGM staff was helpful, friendly and courteous.  The only negative had to do with the timing of my trip more than anything else.  Since it was the weekend before Christmas, many of the shows and clubs were closed. Then again, that's probably why I got my great deal and no cost upgrade, so I'm not complaining!
4	Pretty nice hotel  Huge is a good word.  It's not too bad for a business hotel, if you want to stay on the Strip in LV.  While there are miles of hallways, everything comes to a central point.  Self park is relatively close to the elevators.  Please note:  relative in Las Vegas is still a hike.Foods on par with other themed hotels.   Needs a little upkeep.
4	stayed here for the justin timberlake concert last year...we had 4 rooms and they it to us all together, which was nice. only problems we had were checking in - some people at the desk aren't the nicest, but keep talking and they'll eventually insist that the customer is right. although being on one end of strip, still convenient to a lot of things - especially walgreens..for some jugs of water!! the massive space of MGM allows you to see, play, eat and drink practically anything you desire.
3	I don't like you anymore, MGM.  You are too crowded, sometimes you are too ghetto, the music is too loud and there is nowhere to sit and lounge. Build some public spaces that entice me to hang out with my friends please and maybe I will up your rating.  Also, do away with the lion exhibit. The lions are not into it. And their room is NOT sound proof. When the voice came over the loudspeaker I could see the cowardly lion jump in his britches.  Iono, for some reason my DH thinks you represent a more adult Vegas. I think you represent a family friendly sideshow of a casino (although not as bad as Circus Circus or Excalibur) and that you bore me.  I have stayed here before and your rooms are ok.  I give you three stars because you are not overpriced and don't really pretend to be something you are not.. However, I won't stay here again willingly.
3	decent rooms and comfortable beds, but please clean the carpet!
3	I stayed at the MGM and another 3 star hotel, but for some reason I felt a little more comfortable at the 3 star hotel. Whenever a place gets labeled 4 star or 4 diamonds, you expect a bit more and MGM "kind of" delivers.  The main reason to stay at the MGM is because of location. You are right in the middle of the all the action, dinning and clubbing all under one building. The room itself was very clean and I had king sized bed to myself which was definitely more then comfortable. The gripe I have about the room was the TV. I would at least expect all rooms at the MGM to have a flat screen. I paid half the price at the Riviera (3 star) hotel and I manage to get a flat screen TV with my non-suite room.  Another gripe was the lack of amenities in the bathroom. All they gave me was a bar of soap and shampoo. Normally you would at least get a lotion and conditioner in a standard set. The cleaning lady could've forgotten, who knows. As far as entertainment, Studio54 is no longer the place to be. Tabu is an ultra lounge that keeps things bumping on all hours of the night and located in the middle of the casino floor. I had a great time drinking and enjoying some progressive house music with LV's finest.  Another perk I found with MGM is that checking out was a breeze. You can check out from your room TV and save a lot of time if you are in a hurry. I will definitely try out other 4 star resorts/hotels before I go back to MGM again. I usually drive, so location is not really a big deal for me. Also if you plan on attending the pool parties at MGM, that might be another convenience factor as well.
4	I don't normally stay at hotels while I'm in Vegas, due to family connections, but during my last business trip, I stayed at the MGM Grand.  I love the Lion Enclosure, and the Rainforest Cafe is awesome.  But you'd expect all that from a major name casino on the Strip.What you don't expect is that the lights all up and down the sides of the building will illuminate your room with the most sickly green color ever.  That's about the only negative thing I can think of though.  My wallet is always sad when I spend time on the Strip, because the entire thing is one big tourist trap, so I expect to lose money and overspend wherever I go.I didn't spend much time gambling, but from what I could tell, it was pretty nice.  There was a variety of slot machines and gaming tables, which seemed to be fine for most people there.I like the upscale environment, it's definitely an improvement over the Tropicana or Hooter's, so kudos there.
3	Before making a reservation here, search online for a promotion! We booked two nights and got the third one free with a code my wife found on the Internet.As for the hotel, it was nothing special. The room was spacious and had a good view, but was dated. The furniture resembled what I had in my college dorm. The marble bathroom was nice though.Also, the walls are thin, although that can be a good thing.My brother and I agreed that the MGM Grand was no better than the Hampton Inns we stayed at on our drive to Vegas.
3	3 nights for $59 a night with King size on second floor of West Wing was a nice experience. We were close to elevator and strip with a quick hop to a cab. We drove so some days it was a hike to the parking. Plus:nice down beddinglarge clean walk in shower with really great pressure and heat2 tvsmany mirrors for the ladyMinus:hike to our carsmoky casinonot enough in hotel shoppingWe were going on a budget and it worked for our budget, would stay again
4	My boyfriend and I stayed 4 nights at the MGM: 2 nights in the West Wing and 2 nights in the Grand Tower.We got there late on a Saturday night and the airport check in was already closed so when we got to the hotel they gave us a West Wing room on the first floor.  It was a looong walk like others said it would be.  Being on the first floor of the West Wing had its pros and cons.  Pros:- We didnt have to wait for the elevators and the room was relatively close to the West Wing entrance so we didn't have to walk down the long  hallway.  - The room was small but cozy and comfy.- Close to the exit that takes you to the stores and the strip.- Close to the poker tables, Starbucks, Rainforest Cafe, and a lounge- Roomy shower- You can deadbolt and do that other lock where if someone opens your door they can't open it all the way.- You can control the lights by the bed with a switch on the bed...niiiceCons:- Right outside our window were the trashcans and a small alley so we would occasionally hear cars, the trash being collected, and on the day we switched rooms there was a guy skateboarding back there and making a lot of noise.  - Had to walk through the lounge to get to the West WingI couldn't take the noise anymore so I talked with someone down at the front desk and they offered me some options.  I took the Celebrity Suite on the 15th floor of the Grand Tower for $30 each night.  The location of the room was closer to the front desk, but it felt like it was as long a walk as the West Wing because it was next to the last room in the hallway on the opposite side of the elevators.  Pros:- Has a small fridge- Much bigger than the other room- Had a luxury bath tub with jets- Better view- More furnitureCons:- The bed wasn't as comfy as the other one- We could hear our neighbors- Creepy wall art (I don't like art with people...I feel like they're staring at me lol.  It would have been nice if they were florals or something modern though)- Long walk to go back to strip (where the Deuce bus stop is)- Doors slams and you can hear other people's doors slam.  Sometimes when that happens it sounds like someone is trying to open your door.  There were no extra locks like the other room had.Overall, I think I should have just kept our previous room or at least requested one on a higher floor.  The location of our West Wing room was much more convenient to getting to the bus, the tix 4 tonight location, and other places on the strip.  Next time I go to Vegas, I will probably try staying at another hotel, but MGM was good for a first timer like myself :)
3	Still ok after a recent, three-night stay.  We stayed in one of the "Celebrity Spa" suites because they were practically giving them away.  The decor looks very well used and could use some updating.A warning if you're considering this much larger room:  most, if not all, of them have connecting doors (for "families," we were told!) to an adjoining room which leak noise profusely.  This made for some unpleasant experiences with our party-focused neighbors.The large whirlpool spa tub made up for a lot of that, though.  The bathroom was huge.  The bed was fairly comfy.  Nothing to rave about, but not much to complain about, either.  We'll stay here again if we don't want to break the bank on Bellagio or Wynn.
2	I recently stayed at the MGM Grand and was surprised at how dated and worn the rooms were.There were scuffs on the walls and blisters on the furniture. (See photo)There were holes in the bath room wall from where an old mirror use to be. ( See photo)The walls were pretty thin as we were able to hear the noisy folks next door.Earlier in the week, I was staying at the Encore. And I was planning to stay the whole week there.  But I had received a marketing offer from MGM Grand to stay at a special rate in one of their suites.  The marketing photos on their web site looked nice enough.  So I decided to stay 2 days out of the week there.    The decor and ambiance at the Encore was so much better and well worth the extra price.  Compared to the Encore, the MGM Grand was a big step down.
4	Quite the weekend in the Celebrity Spa Suite...It could be nicer, but it did us VERY well!I'll see you there, darlings!
3	We stay here but the bathroom door lock was broken.  The room was nice the hotel was big.  Alot of stuff to see but our view wasn't great because we were looking at the back side of the Hotel all we to check out was the room and parking.  We should of  ask for a view.
4	nicecleannothing really specialit was nice to walk downstairs and see the lionsbig room even with an extra cot in itbig bathroom
5	this review is for leighlani the wonderful hostess that hooked me up with free martinis! they were stiff and good and not watered down. and most of all they were free!!!!!!
3	Hands down they have the best beds and down comforters.  I swear, just sleeping on their bed cured what could have been a hangover for me.  However, my biggest pet peeve about this place is their parking.  If you park in the garage, you have to hop on several escalators to get to the first floor, walk through a set of shops, go up another escalator and walk all the way across their huge lobby just to get to the hotel room elevators.  Annoying!  Despite their parking issues, it's a good hotel.
5	Grade: AThere is nothing spectacular about the hotel itself or the rooms, but I love their pools!!!! I love their winding river pool and waterfalls. We had so much fun on the water tubes and floating in the pool. The guys pushed us around, and we all just had a blast! We actually came in the late afternoon so grabbed some tubes without knowing that you had to pay for them, so maybe they were more fun because they were free! :PAt my age (forever 26!), I'm no longer about clubbing and drinking when I head to Vegas. It's all about dining, shows, and POOLS! Can't forget about shopping (Thanks, Hazel Q!)!! ;P
4	5 stars as far as hotels go. Nothing fancy about it compared to the other Vegas hotels. It was clean, cozy, and comfortable. I slept on the roll out bed that was super comfortable. AND the comforters in the rooms are the BEST in the whole wide world! Bathroom was spacious, which I appreciate b/c nothing drives me crazier then having my knees hit the tub when I am releasing my 24 gin and tonics from the evening. I did wish they had mirrors within the room and not just restricted to the bathroom. Makes it difficult to get ready when you are sharing the space with friends. I also appreciate the double curtains on the windows that shields us from daylight in the morning. Especially on the mornings after an eventful night at Badda Bing. http://www.yelp.com/biz/badda-bing-las-vegas#hrid:vQ06lAyg8UIM3ZN0EDy_GQ
4	My wife and I make it a point to visit MGM every trip to Vegasl and were probably going to stay there until South Point emailed us 35% off room rates. This is a huge hotel/casino, I think it's the biggest in the world, but I could be wrong. We had to drive here and parked in the garage, it was about a 20 minute walk to get in the casino area. My wife and our friend stopped off to get their big drinks in the lower level before we hit the casino. My wife LOVES the Sigma Derby game they have there. She played it for hours while I sat in the Sports Book in a comfy chair drinking and watching the Sox play. It can't get much better than that, folks!
4	All things considered, this is one of my absolute favorite places to stay in Las Vegas.First,    everything you could want in a destination location is found in the MGM. The hotel boasts great places to eat, a supurb pool, large poker room, huge casino ( maybe even a bit to huge ) and excellent entertainment. The Ka experience is totally amazing as are the night club experiences beginning with Studio 54.Second,    the location of the hotel and casino on the corner of Tropicana gives tyou access to all the hotels at this end of the strip. The variety of activities around this corner intersection with the NYNY is just amazing.Finally ...... The rooms are very nice and there is a variety of styles that should please everyone.I enjoy the standard tower room, but got upgraded through a super front desk clerk to a west wing room on one weekend visit. West wing rooms are smaller than the tower room, but the decor is very modern and the cozyness of the room with all the ambiance makes for  an outstanding weekend experience.I stayed in the Hollywood suites with the family and found them to be nice, but nothing special other than the size and the fact that you have your own seperate entrance to the hotel area. The suites are located opposite the grand tower elevators.I think the MGM grand is exemplified by the grandeaur of the lobby area. It truely is amazing in size and scope.I have always found the desk people to be super nice and willing to meet all your needs.In all aspects of casino action, quality dining experiences, late evening entertainment, quality spa and swimming pool and spectacular shows you can not do better in one location in Las Vegas.In all ways the MGM is ............ grand.
2	stayed here for 2 nights in a standard room. no flat screen tv, the shower head was low (im 6'4 so i had to slouch down pretty far) the water came out like a fire hydrant, and something was wrong with our bathroom because it smelled like sewage... from the moment we walked in there to the moment we left... only good thing about this place was that i was comped 2 nights and its located pretty much in the middle of the strip... If i get comped again then maybe i might come back, back until then i'm going there only for Tabu nightclub and Fat tuesdays. thats it. you would have a much better experience if you stayed at the MGM Grand Signature.
4	Perhaps one of the best casinos to sit at slot machines and collect drinks for the price of tips.
3	It was a decent hotel... nothing special. Very limited selection of craps tables it seemed. The rooms were spacious, although they stuck me in a smoking room (I'm allergic to smoke) which sucked, until they finally switched me after the first night. Gym costs money to use (lame) and the buffet wasn't very good at all. The location was good & the price wasn't too bad, but I'd rather pay a little more and stay elsewhere. I did however enjoy: The lions & seeing Cirque du Soleil (Ka is my fave!)Unfortunately - not a fan of the bar/club... so had to venture out for my nighttime fun.
4	Very interesting casino. Especially the Lion Exhibit.
4	Ahhh.. our first time in Vegas..Dec 07' ---This hotel has a big big casino! We had great service from the bell hops and our room was ready for us after checking in at the front. The lady at the concierge we were checkin in with was a little bitchy and was like irritated when she was explaining the policies and stuff.We stayed in the Grand Tower and had a view of the strip and some hotels away from the strip. The room was comfy and clean. Since we went in December  I didn't get to see any of the lions at the Lion Habitat or experience the pool. I loved the casino and they had a nice bar I think it;s calles Tabu lounge was playing loud Hip Hop haha. Love that.  We went before Wet Republic was established also .. but overall we had a great time. I just wish this hotel was towards the middle of the strip!I like picking up souvenirs and they had a lot of good ones to choose from. They also have a convenience store right by the elevators with everything u sould possibly need. We left the day of the boxing fight though - boo. I would stay here again.Luv it.
4	I stayed here my first night.  I expected the room to be horrible.  THE PLACE IS LOVELY.  When I checked in, to get the voucher for drinks and some other stuff that was supposed to be free for booking,  they wanted me to put a 100 dollar deposit dowm.  UH...NO THANKS!  JUST GIMME THE ROOM!Small room...great for the price!  (53 dollars)  STAY HERE AND SAVE YOUR MONEY!  I moved to The Platinum Hotel and wish I  would've stayed here.  The casino was poppin!!!  I will stay here my next trip and spend my money on other things!  I LIKE MGM!
3	I got a good deal here last week. 2 queen beds for $120+tax etc. Simple neat clean room, great bathroom, etc. No coffee maker or fridge was a drawback and the room ovrlooked other building/AC units etc from 9th floor.I would look for another hotel next time if I got a deal. The Venetian is currently $109+tax now thats something!!
2	this hotel has been there for a while.. I do think the interior is pretty old. The rooms are pretty small. The whole place is not my style.
4	Booked a room at this hotel for $129 (+ taxes) a night from  03/13 - 03/16. My husband and I checked in 30 mins early and were told that the West Wing King room we requested is available. As we went into our room on the 7th floor, we realized that it is still occupied! Shoes and empty room service plates were still in the room!! We scrambled to get out thinking that its current occupants will suddenly show up. We were annoyed with the inconvenience because we had to haul our luggage back downstairs to the check-in desk. The staff apologized for the mix-up and gave us a better room with bigger space (and a nice city view) on the 28th floor. He also threw in 2 free buffet meals and we were glad with how the situation was fixed. Our room was clean, simple and had the most comfortable bed and pillows! The room and bathroom was just right for us but I wish there was a mirror in the bedroom instead of just in the bathroom.  With their comfortable beds and good customer service, the MGM grand will always be an option for us when we go to Vegas.
2	My wife and I do Vegas fairly frequently and usually prefer to stay at the hipper, more modern resort spots like The Signature or THE hotel, but we chose the MGM Terrace Suite because we wanted a room with sizable terrace & view of the strip to have our wedding reception. The Terrace Suite clocks in at $900 p/night and boasts a 800 sq ft. terrace with a panoramic view of the Strip. Well that room should be about $200 p/night because from the moment we arrived for check-in, a whole slew of problems and total incompetence on the part of the staff ensued. We arrived at 1pm and were told we had to wait til 3 until our room was ready. We returned at 3pm and were told that housekeeping hadn't even started cleaning the room and we weren't able to check in until fucking five o'clock! When we checked in we found a laundry list of things wrong with the room. Terrace Jacuzzi - Broken. Toilet in the master bathroom - broken. Shower - took 15 minutes to get hot water. Sink in master bathroom - leaking. Bed - no top sheet, just duvet. Floor lights on terrace - broken. Chipped paint, holes in curtains, stains on floors, and on and on. This place is a shit hole plain and simple. Yes, the view is nice, but MGM as a whole is really showing its age and this room is no exception. Venture out into the hotel & casino and you'll find broken elevators, broken escalators, and so on. Thankfully the front desk manager was gracious enough to comp $500 off of our second nights stay and $100 at Craftsteak, and the in-suite dining/Skyloft people did a great job with the food and presentation at our reception, but all and all, there is nothing Grand about the MGM.
2	They've got a lot to do here and I appreciate that. What I don't appreciate is the lack of service on the casino floor.I was playing the slots and the cocktail waitresses would pass me by and never offer a drink...whenever I tried to establish eye contact, they'd just walk on by. Then this random manager type comes up to me to see "how I'm doing" but something about her questioning made me feel like I was doing something wrong.I won't return to the casino here.
2	I have always been a fan of the MGM-Mirage properties having stayed at both the Mirage and Treasure Island (TI) on previous trips. I have to say that the MGM Grand rates much lower in comparison. Being an MGM-Mirage Players Club member, I was offered a promotional rate via email: $59.99 (Monday - Thursday) and $79.99 (Friday). This was much such a good deal that I couldn't pass it up, in the past I usually booked through either Expedia, Orbitz, or Travelocity. I have one of the MGM-Mirage credit cards which offers certain perks such as earning Gift Certificates, Invited Guest Check-In, and Early/Late Check-Out. During this visit I was able to use the Invited Guest Check-In, which you think would be more efficient since this is the line that people with Casino Hosts use. I was only the third person in line, and it took longer than if I would've waited in the normal check-in lines 5 or 6 people deep. The room was nothing too special, it had a view of the parking garage and Koval Lane. The TV was outdated (TI had upgraded to LCD TVs in 2006). The best part of the room was the bed, which was surprisingly comfortable. I'm not sure if it was isolated to our room but there was an adjoining door to the room next to us that seemed as if it was paper thin, we could hear normal conversations being carried out late at night and early in the morning. The pool is a mystery to find. I am thinking that the pool was more accessible in the past before the hotel did renovations in connecting the MGM Grand to the MGM Signature Towers. From the elevator,  you need to walk through some shopping areas down a long corridor to the pool. I almost think that the casino is too big at the MGM Grand. If you want to visit any of the other casinos in the area: NY NY or Excalibur it is a very long walk from the elevators to the walkways of these casinos. Also, some of the slots are very dated, especially the quarter slots. We had a slot machine malfunction twice in about a 30 minute time frame. Also, with the casino being so big, the cocktail waitresses are nowhere to be found in the slots areas. I would wait for a room renovation before staying here again.
4	This place is pretty tight. I've seen here a couple times and enjoyed it each time. my only real complaint is the sports book. the drinks are too expensive and you have to bet $200 to get a free drink ticket. yes.. 1 drink. they need to give free drinks like at bellagio. the pool here is MONEY. I could chill here all day drinking those tall double shot margaritas.  The rooms were pretty standard and clean. That's really all I ask for since I really only need a place to shower, change, and sleep.
5	i l0ved it! everything was perfect..... i mean the right vibe, the bed's were so comfy and they have some bomb yard sticks! the workers were all really nice :).. i must say it was perfect!
4	This can be a pretty much all-inclusive hotel/casino in Las Vegas.  You have the top LV restaurants all here, the largest casino floor in town, Ka runs here, and there are lots of places to get your drink and dance on.  We stayed in both the West Wing and the regular rooms during our stay, and I preferred the regular rooms.Check-in and out here is pretty much a breeze, the rooms are very well kept and laid out, and again, the restaurants here are incredible.  I thought the gaming selection was also good, and they have a really nice poker room to boot.  I think this is one of the top tier 2 hotels in Las Vegas...you get much more for your $ than comparably priced tier 2 hotels in Las Vegas like TI, Monte Carlo, Paris, Mirage, etc...
4	love the MGM grand, thanks for comping me for everything!! Free all day buffet, even though their buffet is crap! My room had a walk in shower i dont know why but there was a TV in the wall where the sink was. My girlfriend really enjoyed the spa/massage treatment... she said it was top notch. They even let me check out 1pm, which was very nice of them. The rooms are huge, depending on which one you get. Try the celebrity suite or anything better, not sure how the regular rooms are but i believe they are just as good since no one ever stays in the rooms.
5	i love this hotel! the room is spacious with a big bathroom. i'm in love with the bed! it's super soft and filled with pillows. they even have a tub, which a lot of the hotels don't. they're room service was good. they came exactly at 9 for our breakfast and the food was great. the hotel itself was a big maze. one wrong turn and it can led u to a different part of the hotel. it can go for miles.
4	Stayed at the MGM (first time) but didn't really since we didn't sleep Friday night... or Saturday... but we had to put our luggage somewhere, right?  Spent more time at the pool than our room but what a lovely room it was.  Funny thing, we wanted to extend our stay but they said they were sold out?!?  What recession right?!?That Patricia sure gave us some attitude on the phone.
4	This was my first time in Vegas (came here for my 21st) and I really enjoyed the MGM. They had a great selection of food and drinks, a massive casino, and friendly staff. ---Room---We stayed in the Low-end room and it was still pretty nice. Pros: you get a little couch to chill on. Nice touch. A/C and a pretty decent view. Bed was pretty comfortable. Cons: No flat screen TV (Wasn't trippin), no Mini bar or Mini fridge (maybe I could have asked for one?), Shower was typical motel shower - not very relaxing. ---Food---Pros: Lots to choose from whether you're in the mood for something quick and cheap or five star dining. Cons: Tough to find vegetarian friendly food here (or anywhere on the strip as we found), even the cheap dining wasn't that cheap!---Bars/Lounges---Pros: 2 or 3 of the bars here were open all night. One was Crazy Horse, I don't remember the other ones... Drinks were strong, the bartenders were pretty chill. Cons:  Drinks are EXPENSIVE! 10 to 12 bucks for a Long Island, 8 bucks for a Whisky Sour, 6 or 7 bucks for a beer... Also most of the crowd I'd say were in the 30's-40's range. Didn't see a whole lot of 20-somethings (Maybe they were in Tabu ULTRA LOUNGE, who knows...) Oh and be warned, if you order a Jagerbomb, they'll pour you a Jager + redbull. No bomb involved whatsoever. Oh - Definitely check out Fat Tuesday. It's the only place in the hotel with cheap drinks. They get you faded!!---Casino--- Pros: Massive. Lots of bright shiny things to amuse you and/or take your money :p Cons: ATMs have a $5.00 fee. ouch. I had another con but I forgot. Will update later :p---Location---Pros: Walking distance from NYNY, Excalibur, Mandalay Bay, Luxor, Planet Hollywood, Flamingos, Bellagio, Ceasars, etc... Theres a monorail that you can take to get towards the other end of the strip. I think it was 12 bucks for a 24 hour round trip pass.  Cons: Can't think of any! Overall, I'd definitely stay here again.
5	Take it from someone who has gone there for over 4 times and for 6 years , and my husband for over 15 years and way over 10 times. We always stay there , yes there are hundreds of casinos and hotels but this is the best of everything in one. Pool's, spa's, gambling, clubs, restarants, rooms , and so much more. And the quality and value for such a great price. We consider it cheap but yet you get such top notch of everything. We got married in Vegas and stayed there in the celebrity suite for under $90 a night , huge room with a spa in it ! We can't say enough good about it , it also means alot to us , we will always stay at the MGM , give it a chance it's great !
4	Who though that I and my lady would ever stay at this fine hotel? I sure didn't think so & we did and enjoyed it! It's a palace. It is close by the airport. The check-in and Concierge along with the baggage hold do offer very good service. Everyone gave us a VIP treatment and I sure was not expecting that much. Food courts within as well as fine dining. Not much for the dancing scene here but it was well decent. Located rite on the strip. They offer promotions so check on that before making your reservation. I would love to return here again.
4	MGM is a great place to stay, right on the strip and this time of year the weather is perfect for strolling outside. MGM has this Spring Fling special going on right now which you can get to by clicking http://clk.atdmt.com/MGM/go/129286735/direct/01/Have Fun!
4	3.75 stars!Came here to their lounge area with a group of friends. The place has nice comfortable seating, and the drinksssss came pretty fast! I THINK (haha!) we stayed there for a good 2+ hours. As far as I can remember, it was a great place (but maybe the alcohol had something to do with it). Price is typical Vegas level.
3	Positives:  the casino, the pool (there's 5 of them!), the Ka show.  Negatives:  why is there no mirror outside the bathroom in the deluxe room!?  Not having a mirror in the room made getting four girls ready on time difficult!PS, the deluxe room I was in looked nothing like the picture posted on MGM's website - our room was kind of dingy!
4	This is the second time to Vegas and we stayed at the MGM, it was a perfect place to stay located at a good area on the strip.  We enjoyed the pools and the parking is easy to access.  Would stay again.
2	I had previously reviewed the MGM Grand in Las Vegas and gave it four stars. Well, after staying there for five nights and experiencing all the bullshit we went through, it got dropped down to two stars. And that's ONLY because the staff there was friendly.So we lock in the rate of $50 per night in February to travel in May. We book a king bed. When we get there--"we're all out of king beds, we can upgrade you into the west wing for no charge. But a lot of people don't like the west wing, so if you don't like it, we can move you guys tomorrow." Okay fine, we go to the west wing..even though I've been told by many people the West Wing rooms are shitty. So we get to the room, it's a dingy piece of crap. You walk in and literally walk right into the bathroom. Plus the room is SMALL!  So the next day, we call the front desk. They say we can move between 2 and 4pm. So I check back at 2 they tell me to check back at 3:30. I call back at 3:30, "okay we can move you to a king room (WHICH IS WHAT WE ORIGINALLY RESERVED!)--however it will be an hour before a bellhop can get your bags." Are you f'ing kidding me!??! An hour!!?? Christ, I know the hotel is big, but still! We wound up carrying our bags from the West Wing to the front desk. Anyone who has stayed there knows that's a long freaking walk!  We complained to the front desk and told them at this point, we'd rather be staying at South Point (where we usually stay.) They got a manager and upgraded us to a suite.So we get to the new room, turn the A/C on full blast and head out for our anniversary dinner at the fabulous T-Bones Steak House in Red Rock (read my review for that!)  We get back to the room around 11:00pm and it feels like we walked into a goddamn sauna! I call the front desk to let them know our A/C is not working. Okay,  we'll have someone right up. Couldn't give me a time frame. So now it's midnight, we're both tired so we call back and tell them to forget about it. Unbelievable. The A/C works, but it worked half-assed. The TV sucked as well, they're not HD TV's and the picture was very fuzzy. Also, our room safe was competely useless since the battery on it was low, so we couldn't use it. We also had no Do Not Disturb thing for the door, so I made one myself. If I called the front desk to ask for any of these things to be fixed, I'd probably be still waiting.Oh it gets better. The kicker was the next night when we get into the elevator. There are like four people on the elevator, we are on the 11th floor. The four other people get off at 6. The elevator goes to 10 and then DROPS two floors. My wife and I had our lives flashing before our eyes. The elevator made a creaking noise and just dropped! Reminded me of the old Edge at Six Flags Great America.We went to the Rainforest Cafe here one night, it was ok, nothing special. The lines for the breakfast and dinner buffets were absolutely ridiculous. We waited over 30 minutes for breakfast on a Tuesday morning and over 45 minutes for dinner on a Monday night. On Friday, we went to the Rio Buffet (The best I've ever had, again read my review for that) and waited all of 2 MINUTES. Take that! Again, I only gave this place two stars because the employees are very friendly especially the dealers in the poker room. Stay away from here. Go to South Point instead.
2	MGM Grand Hotel & Casino is one of the more "affordable" casinos on the strip and there's a reason why. It's pretty trashy. Or at least, the people who frequent it.The outside aesthetic of the hotel makes little sense and has no continuity with the inside of the hotel (which at least is nicer). The first thing you notice upon walking in is an over-powering scent of roses, a very large lobby with no place to sit and a near-deafening noise of casino games and crowds to your left as you try to check in.TRY to check in - that's my point to make here. My sister and I arrived at around 2:30pm, the rooms we reserved were booked via our Mother who was flying in later that evening with my Dad to meet us for our weekend Birthday vacation.We all share the same last name, all our names were booked for the reservations - and the INCREDIBLY RUDE woman behind the desk refused to let us check in!!When asked why, she explained it was a hotel policy the cardholder who paid for the rooms be present at check in. As frequent travelers, we've NEVER heard of such a ridiculous "security measure" - especially since she had our names listed, and we had I.D.sAs it turns out, our parents flights were delayed and the baggage check-in fee was ridiculously high (not to mention we didn't trust our bags to strangers handling thousands of bags a day - an easy mixup or theft and our trip would be ruined!)So with no place to sit, and the refusal to be flexible (mind you, rooms are usually good to check in after 12pm at any other place in the world) - our room, which had the first night PRE-PAID, sat empty... while my Sister and I had to KILL NINE HOURS lugging our bags for a place to sit that wasn't in front of a slot machine where we'd be losing our lungs to horrible cigars.We assumed Vegas would be more competitively priced regarding food, thinking a sit-down meal or two would kill time... such was not the case. The prices of places to eat are higher than ever. The nearest "affordable" place we found was a SUBWAY shop. In Vegas terms, the cost of your predictable run-of-the-mill fast food was twice as much as you'd normally pay anywhere outside of NYC.So now we're tired, hungry, and have 8 hours to go.Getting back to the MGM - this is where we really lost our marbles. Turns out, there's a place within the casino by the pools called 'Television City' - You sign up to be part of a focus group and are PAID to watch horrible TV Pilot episodes, rate them and in less than an hour, it's an easy 20.00 plus some pretty good coupons for the over-priced Starbucks and Hagaan Daz nearby.Sure you lose some brain cells watching mindless TV, but you have a place to sit, you get paid, you get discounts at other shops in the casino - and for us, it would have been a great time-killer as we waited for our Parents all day. But did the lady behind the check-in desk apologetically mention this to us? Not at all. Nope. We didn't discover it until the next day. When our parents arrived, it was well after midnight before we really checked-in and yes, MGM still charged us for the whole night with no apology. They have a strict policy against Customer satisfaction. No wonder the company is going under and owes a ton of money to Dubai World Properties.The hotel rooms have NO AIR. You can blast that thermostat all you want but the room will not get any cooler. You can crack open a window too but that's all they allow you to do... is crack it. The windows do not open. It's not a jam, it's seriously how they're designed. You can only open a quarter centimeter contraption on the windowsill for fresh air. Our view was of the airport. Whatever.The next day we decided to look for the pool. That was one thing we were looking forward to the most - it was a vacation, so let's relax by the pool and catch some sun yes? NO.The distance from the hotel room, to the elevators, to the casino floor, to the pool line (yes, you wait in a turnstyle line to get to the pools) is ridiculous. Not to mention, you have to parade THROUGH the casino, past the nice restaurants that only have views of the hallway... in your swimsuit??? Hell no!Luckily, we have the sense to not gross out other guests with our non-super model bodies in swimwear... but that common courtesy is not mutual. Almost every girl at the MGM Grand dresses like a trashy hooker minus the trashy hooker body. The best word to describe some of the more.. "rednecked" guests would be... Trailor Trash Spring Break.Finally arriving at the pool(s), we realized that our hotel was the Wal-Mart of Las Vegas hotels. The more beautiful pools were closed off, and two were open and CROWDED. The hours were 9-8pm or something ridiculous and there was no room to swim. Not to mention they were blasting the most horrible college-rock.Drunk girls throwing up in the water, Frat Boys acting like animals, children pee'ing in the pool, old people in bikinis...total nightmare.Cirque Du Soleil's 'Ka' was AMAZING.
1	The Guests are trashy.The hotel pipes in a rose-scent that sickens you if the Casino Cigar smells don't do so already.The staff is rude and wouldn't let us check-in. We pre-paid our first night but they have a policy against customer satisfaction and free bag-check. The card-holder who booked the room had a delayed flight, despite all of us sharing the same name (being related) and being listed in their computer... we had to wait for the card-holder. There's no place to sit in the lobby, they don't apologetically come up with distraction and recommendations for you to kill time with within or beyond the casino either!They ruined our first night with this stupid policy and would not refund it despite us not being able to get in until well after midnight. (We tried to check in at 2:30pm - typically after 12pm hotels will let you.)The room sat empty all day while we dragged our bags up and down the strip looking for things to do...tired and exhausted. (There are no benches to sit ANYWHERE in Las Vegas actually. Wonder why... ker-ching.)The pools are disgusting and anything BUT relaxing (trashy crowd, loud crowd, loud music blasting everywhere...too many children, drunk girls, d-bag boyfriends of drunk girls and disgusting old people in thongs.) - Plus you have to walk THROUGH the whole goddamn hotel in your swimsuit to get to the pool... this includes walking through the casino and past the upscale restaurants. What a view for those diners.All the food is far too expensive for the quality. Particularly there are few places to get breakfast or affordable, decent coffee. If you hate Starbucks, you're up a creek.The bedrooms do no have windows that open and the air conditioning is barely noticeable.Cirque du Soleil's 'KA' is the only reason to visit this casino -an astounding show, nothing short of amazing. (Serioulsy, go see it!!!)The hotel is very dark and after exploring the Bellagio, Venetian, Paris, even the Mirage... you can't help but feel like you're staying at the trashiest place on the strip.For a company about to go under, and for Las Vegas barely keeping it's head above water in this hard times... MGM Grand sure does not go out of it's way to keep the customers happy. The hotel is affordable at the cost of customer satisfaction. I will never stay here again or recommend it to anyone. It felt like Wal-Mart meets MTV Beach House. You don't feel particularly safe amongst the crowd or pampered here either.Animal Lovers - Try not to look at the lions that they keep pent up in the casino on drugs. They'll tell you they're special and loved but I don't buy it. Those Lions look like they've lost the will to live and I don't care how thick the glass is.. you can't convince me they aren't breathing in that horrible Casino air. They probably all have black lungs which is why they never move around. Poor things.The flow of the Casino and the people traffic really makes you feel like you're still at the Airport. Except it's darker and harder to escape.But really, do you want to pay for a hotel that you feel the need to ESCAPE from??Save your pennies, pay a bit more for a better hotel further up the strip such as the Venetian.
3	I can't hate because I paid $250 for a trip from SFO to LAS for room and flight.  Hotel was just OK for me.  Maybe, I'm bitching cause I didn't win a single dime here.  Room was more like 3 1/2 stars for me.  It was clean with decent decor.  TV sucked big time though.  It took forever just to change the damn channel.  No refrigerator, no sofa.  I'm a bit of a hotel whore and I do expect much from a 4 star hotel.  Regardless it was comfy and they had decent room service and the non smoking rooms are really "non smoking".  I didn't smell a hint of smoke perhaps because they designate the whole entire floor as "non smoking".  I didn't check out the pool so I can't speak for that but I'd definitely check out another spot when I come back to Vegas.  However, if the deal is as sweet as what I got for a two night stay, I'd stay here again.
3	Eh - my heart is with Paris.  No idea why.  The room service here definately was CRAP.  I should've spent the $60 on room service at the blackjack table.  I seriously wanted to complain to someone about how CRAPPY the room service was, but decided against it.  Room was pretty comfortable.  Pillows were way too high, gave me neck cramps lol.The pool was overcrowded, since they closed 2 of them.  Maybe to save on maintenance costs lol.  O well, I know I won't be back.
3	Here is a rundown on my experience with the MGM Grand.The good:--Arriving/checking in was quite easy with a lot of staff onboard and a very large entranceway for vehicles.--Though I am not a fan of Casino restaurants, MGM Grand does offer a wide variety of fine dining, casual dining, and fast food.--Proximity.  MGM Grand has its own exit to the Monorail, and the hotel itself is close enough to some of the other major casinos.The bad:--I stayed in the West Wing, which had pretty below average rooms.  It was a very small room (maybe the smallest I've stayed at).  The mirrors that surrounded the room kind of faked you out in thinking that it was bigger than it was (occasionally running into the mirror isn't fun either).  Plus, the hallways around the West Wing were in bad shape, and they were a little hot as well.--I've had better luck at winning at Caesar's.--Avoid the Starlane Mall.  It reminds me of CityWalk in Los Angeles--just a bunch of trinkets and trash.  A waste of time.All-in-all, MGM Grand is a decent hotel and good enough if you are staying in Vegas (though I would avoid rooms in the West Wing).
4	I don't know how to write about MGM Grand. Well to be honest, I have no idea how to write about anything in Las Vegas. I don't go to clubs, or play poker, or go to shows... So here it goes, with the 3 things I do do...ROOM: K well lets see here...I've only been to Vegas 3 times...1st I was 15 and hated it (stayed at Mandalay Bay)...2nd time we stayed at Motel 6, across the street from MGM, so MGM was our main source of entertainment. This time, we actually stayed in an MGM room, 7 people in a double. The BF and I ordered a cot, and attempted to share it...which was very uncomfortable. The beds looked comfortable, and our room had two tvs and two showers for some reason. I mean as far as hotel rooms are concerned, Ive been in better, and Ive been in worse. Definitely comfortable enough.CASINO: I only play slot machines, and bet on horse racing. I like the Enchanted Unicorn 1cent slots by the lion exhibit. Although I won $50 here last time, this time I wasn't so lucky. The horse race betting area is a great place to get free drinks and waste a couple of hours.POOL: EW...I mean I guess when it's 100 degrees out, the only place to go is the pool. Which means all the dude-bros and such pile into the pools that the MGM has to offer. I mean it was Memorial day, and there was a big fight going on...so it was packed. But even if it wasn't I hate that they play music over the speakers...HATE. The water in the river pool was murky from who-knows what, and almost impossible to float through because it was jammed with drunkards. The other pools were pretty much the same. Oh well, now I know not to go in the pool unless its a 'slow weekend'.In conclusion...compared to other hotels/casinos that I've been to, this is the least obnoxious theme. I mean yeah Bellagio and stuff is classy, but it's a little tacky. Excalibur is worse, and I would rather just go to the real New York. What I mean is MGM is a little bit on the mellow side. Except of course for 'studio' walk or whatever. Oh well. Another thing I find useful, is that it's a tram stop making it easy to go places, especially if you are staying at Motel 6 across the street. Just hop across the street, stop at the Fat Tuesday and hop on the tram. So in my book MGM gets the job done. PLUS they have KITTEHS!!!!! Real live lions that live a better life then me! I get excited every time I see them, and it's hard for me to understand how other people don't care to stop and look at them when they are outside.PS. -don't share a cot, the cot is comfy, but not for two people..OUCHIES...-ask whoever is in your party if they snore or if they have obnoxious relatives who bring 11 strangers to your room to try to party...if they do, kick them out of your Vegas plans.
5	Hands down the beds here at the MGM Grand are the most COMFORTABLE BEDS I'VE EVER SLEPT ON!!! I stayed in the Celebrity Suite and it was realy nice. Has it's own little mini living room, great view of strip, and a huge bathroom wit jacuzzi tub. I love that there's a Starbucks, Rain Forest Cafe, and a Lion's Habitat where you can actually see them close up and play. The monorail that takes you down the strip is right outside the hotel, they have a KA Cirque de Soleil show theatre (which was a good show, but I loved Le Reve better by far), and relaxing pool area.
5	MGM Grand is the best place to stay. They got awesome restaurants, great bars/lounges, nice rooms, excellent pools, and good place to gamble. Rooms are modern, clean, better than a few other places I've stayed at. I'm adding my Centrifuge review here because they weren't listed on Yelp yet. I LOVE it here. Good hip hop, good drinks. It's located across from Studio 54 which is not one of my favorites but when you're drunk and not ready to go to bed F it! Studio 54 was open until 8am that night. Since Centrifuge closed at 4am  we went in and kept the party going.  What sucks about Centrifuge were the bathrooms that are a huge walk away so for those that were really under the influence had a long stumble to go through. MGM Grand Hotel- 5 starsCentrifuge-5 starsStudio 54- 3 stars
5	Stayed here over Mother's Day weekend and had another really great time!  This visit, I got a West Wing Room.  I will admit it was a little small, but when you a traveling alone that isn't a very big deal.  The important thing for me was that it was one of the best set up Wheelchair Accessible Rooms I have ever had.  From the automated curtains to the light switch embedded in the headboard to the HUGE Roll in Shower, everything was easy and well designed.As usual, the staff was friendly and helpful.  When I got there I asked a staff member who was walking the opposite direction to point me towards The West Wing.  Elijah, stopped in his tracks, offered to carry my bag and walked me all the way to my room.  The only negative was the loooooooooooooooonnnnnnggggg dark hallway. It kinda reminded me of the movie "The Shining"!
5	I just came back from my first trip to Vegas and stayed here for 5 nights...I could not have been happier!  I know that this is my first time staying at one of these hotel monstrosities, so take my review with a grain of salt, as I have not experienced staying anywhere else on the strip, but this hotel had everything I needed....great restaurants, great pool, nice, COMFY beds, spacious room, etc.  Staff was friendly and helpful as well.  I would definitely stay here again, although I might branch out a bit and stay somewhere closer to mid-strip next time (we took the monorail frequently and walked quite a bit)
5	My girls and I just came back from Vegas and we stayed at the MGM from Wed-Saturday. LOVED IT!! The service was great. I've stayed in three other hotels on the Strip and was often on hold for a long time before I could get through to guest services. MGM guest services respond immediately and are very accomodating. Our room was comfortable and the beds were awesome. The pool also ruled! We had a lot of fun floating down the lazy river and lunching at the Cabana Grill. I wish their food court with McDonalds, Nathans, and some great pizza place was open 24 hours. I would definitely stay here again!
5	I came here with my girlfriends for a bachelorette party last year--the service was good. the rooms were clean, decent size. Came back this year with the BF with a VIP Host--everything was AWESOME. They know your name when you call for room service. They tell you room service will take 45 minutes--you tell them you're heading out to dinner in an hour. 10 minutes later--champagne in hand = a happy girl. They gave us a Terrace Suites - two-story vaulted ceilings and outdoor patio overlooking the strip. Its like staying in mini condo but better! The dining area, living room, a bathroom, and the outdoor patio is downstairs then you go up this big spiral stair case that takes you up to the master bedroom with a huge master bathroom that is way bigger than the actual bedroom. I could live here forever and you would never hear a complaint from me! : ) The VIP host did an awesome job bc she got us the best seats in the house for all the shows--right smack in the middle up front (close enough to get a view of the entire stage but not too close where your neck will hurt from looking up). Made us reservations for dinner at Shibuya & Joel Rebuchon. I felt like royalty with all the special treatments. Staying in Vegas any other way wouldn't be the same!
2	i was seriously dissapointed here boys. the room was great .....that is when i got to my room after my epic journey overthere. i really liked the bathroom though i had a tv in there.also they told me i was getting a flatscreen but it was a tube place inside the wall. the waitresses in the bars were allways rude. when i order an ice tea that doesnt mean im going to jipp you on a tip. the only reason she got a dollar was because i always tip. and that was the first day.
4	My friend and I planned our Vegas trip well over a year before we went - and we booked the trip almost immediately when we were able to.Expedia (..DOTCOMMMM!) had great deals going on, and we booked our three-night hotel stay along with two round trip tickets to Vegas for $450! I didn't expect TOO much from MGM Grand, as our trip was so cheap. I honestly didn't care much at all.So, we get to our hotel, and immediately asked for an upgrade. Suite rates were only $20 extra per night! Hell yeah! And our room was beautiful - the view wasn't great but our room made up for it. TWO showers... two sinks... two TVs. A little excessive with the two's - but having that extra shower and sink definitely came in handy. And the beds... MMMM... SO comfy. Of course there were those nights when we came back to our room tipsy... and there room service was.. waiting for us (..kinda). Yeah it was costly but damn the food was gooood!!!All around the hotel there are restaurants, places to get drinks, and our hotel is connected to the monorail. And the pool - OH MAN! Beautiful... with a ton of chairs, frozen drink location, lazy river area, and Wet Republic which is a 21+ pool. I had Fritos in my bag so the guy at Wet Republic wouldn't let us in... lame. But it looked appealing!The negatives were minimal... but one of them was that MGM Grand is especially COLD!! Granted, we weren't wearing that much... but I was walking around goosebumped and teeth chattering constantly. Brrrrr.Another was that for some reason our room keys stopped working, so we went to the front desk and the concierge lady gave us another pair of keys. Lo and behold, those didn't work either. We waited probably 15-20 minutes to get a locksmith up to our room to charge the lock, and then we were set.The service was good, but it took a while and we wanted to get in our room! We were sitting in the hallway in our small dresses, praying that the creepy guys in the room across from ours wouldn't leave or exit their room.It's a fantastic hotel with so much to do and so much not to do if you just want to hang out in the room. But really though, why would you stay in your room when you could be out getting wasted on the strip?!?
4	I chose the MGM Grand for my visit to Vegas last weekend because of price and location. It's not a far walk to the center of the Strip (although construction makes it more frustrating now) and from the airport, it's about $13. I booked two of the standard rooms online through the MGM website in February and got a great deal...two rooms for three nights for a total of $580!I like that you can check in to an MGM property at the airport, although unfortunately they messed up and gave me the wrong rooms which we discovered when we got to the hotel. However, the front desk fixed it immediately and within minutes, I had the correct rooms. While one of the rooms had a kinda crappy view, the room I stayed in had a great view of the Strip. The rooms are pretty basic and not as impressive as some of the other rooms at other hotels in Vegas that I have stayed at (for example, there are no flat screen TVs in the room and it's a generic shower/tub combo in the bathroom). But if you just want a basic room with comfortable beds, MGM is a good choice.I was initially hestitant to book MGM due to the sheer size of the property, but I have to say it was very easy to get around. The trek to the pool is a big long from the room elevators, but it's a good chance to work off food and alcohol from the night before! There are plenty of restaurants to choose from and a small food court area if you want something quick.I used the concierge for a few things and they were very helpful, although I did have to sit on hold for five minutes one day. Checkout was quick and easy. Even if the taxi line looks long, it moves very quickly; additionally if you are just going to the airport, consider the hotel's airport shuttle which is only $6 per person.MGM is a 3.5 star hotel, but I'll be generous and round up because it was exactly what my group needed and was a very good price.
4	Stayed here for a work event. Loved the hotel; rooms were clean and cozy. The food at the hotel is amazing - a great selection of upscale places to enjoy an excellent meal.But, if you are holding a conference there - be warned the walk from room to conference center is a hike. It gives you time to walk off the drinks from the night before if you party it up. But, be sure to wear shoes that do well with lots of walking. Four inch pumps - not such a good idea! The room walls could be a bit thicker (but, that is with most hotels). I got to enjoy a annoying conversation had by 21 year olds on their last night of their first trip to Vegas from 4-6 am. I now know every detail of their "adventures".... annoying!
3	Stayed here or my 21st birthday a couple weeks ago!! casino is always buzy...... tabu and studio 54 sucks!  Lots of Resturants! but tell me why when we came back to our room one night .. our safe was open!  and extra pillows on the bed when we didnt request them! and the do not enter sign was on the door!! same happened to my moms room and my cousins!!! dont trust the security and dont use the safe!! probably wouldnt stay here again!
1	First we had to wait till 7p to check into our room.  Ok, you've had the reservations for three months how did you not know you had guest coming to your hotel tonight - add more maids to change over the rooms.  We get to the room and it is any standard motel room.  No coffee pot, fridge, minibar, ipod dock.....really a crappy tv and radio is all you offer?  The bed is super comfy, the towels are stained (yes stained!)We went to the pool one day and by 9:30a the chairs were all taken, so we got a cabana.  Nice but not worth 400 bucks, the waiter was good though.  The floating river was filthy - empty cups, straws, bottles.  What idiot thought it was a good idea to let a lot of hos and bros trapsy around with their drinks in the water.  It wasn't all drinks either it was full of leaves and debris once around was enough thanks.  Disgusting.  The hallways are always freezing but the hotel rooms AC doesn't work so great.  The lions are depressing.Apparently a very common switch is to say the main tower if full so they send you to the "upgraded" West Wing.  What a dump!  The elevators look like beat up old freight elevators.  The poor people on the first floor are in a hallway that leads to the elevators - I'd be pissed if I was them.  And the rooms - you can put in all the leather and all the mirrors you want it won't hide the fact that the room is soooo small the bed blocks the window.  Don't fall for the "upgrade".Actually, remembering that I'm dropping this crap to one star - no one should pay more than 50 bucks a night for the MGM.
4	For $80 a night in a king bungalow suite, I don't think we have much to complain about. Sure, the check-in was a pain in the arse (checked in at the airport, no rooms clean yet, called the operator and was given a confusing response and told to wait in the check-in line at the hotel and finally given attitude and a 4th floor non-view room) and the hotel doesn't have a ton of personality, but there are great things about it too.There are many types of eating options here from the ultra-expensive to the moderate to the cheap (food court). The monorail is a savior here because it is a bit of walk to most of the nearby casinos. The monorail station is fairly close to the elevators here too. The room rates tend to be good here since they have so many rooms to fill, but you don't stay somewhere low quality. The pool was great too. It's a little challenging to find spots. Don't pay attention to the signs that tell you no outside food and drinks. This is only to keep you from bringing glass into the pool area. We brought our own drinks and I saw food as well. No one gives you a hard time.  If you want to spend time by the pool, I would say the MGM is a great option for the price.
4	This is the 2nd time that we have stayed at the MGM Grand in the West Wing.  We actually were pleasantly surprised with an upgrade after checking in.  :-)  The West Wing is a bit of a walk from the lobby, but I do like the rooms.  Very chic with a tv in the bathroom mirror! yay!  Housekeeping was on top of things.  Our room was always cleaned after we returned.  The casino was okay.  Spent a little bit of time there.  The pool was great!  We hung out by the lazy river for a day.  Got a yard drink for $21.  Refills for $9 the whole time we're there.  The donuts for the lazy pool are kinda expensive $16 each all day.  But you can probably find someone who is leaving and buy it off them for cheap.  Location on the strip is right across from Excalibur and New York New York.  Great place for the price!
1	I officially hate this place. First and last time staying here. Bedding smells like chlorine, parking structure is a cluster-f**k, elevators are broken/slow, escalators out of order everywhere, VIP line is longer than regular line?!, valet is closed half the time, just overall nonsense. Only reason why we stayed here was becasuse of the Michael Buble concert... otherwise I would have to get crazy on this POS hotel!!
2	Ah yes.  The smell of cigarette smoke in my clothes and in my hair after 10 minutes of walking through the casino to get to my conference.  I remember it well.MGM Grand isn't awful, but it isn't all that Grand either.  When I made my reservation, I was recovering from a foot injury.  I asked where the conference I was attending was being held, and specifically asked for a room that would be closest to this area of the hotel.  I could have chosen a room at MGM or at the Signature at MGM, and was advised that an MGM room would be closest to the conference area.  Oops.  Because upon arrival I remember walking a half a mile before running into the Signature, which was much closer to the conference.  My foot did not appreciate this.The clubs, food and entertainment in the hotel are not bad, but I did not get a sense of Las Vegas opulence while staying here.  The lions they have look sad. In fact, I was actually depressed by the entire scene, and would try another hotel if I had to return to sin city.
2	My best friend from high schools little sister turned 21 recently so we all headed to vegas to some fun.  They all booked rooms here based on the pool, so I went on hotwire and booked a room for my boyfriend and myself.  While hotwire is all about not telling you what the hotel is they give you a map and its pretty easy to tell which hotel you will be in.  So that was all pretty easy.  I called them and specifically asked for a smoke free room with a king bed.  That was all pretty easy and nice.Our room was in the West Wing, which is pretty reviled on yelp and I understand why.  While nothing was super bad about our stay, some things made it not a place I would pay to stay in again:-the valet, there are like 5 entrances to the MGM by car, but only one of them takes you to the valet. WTF-the west wing hallways are seriously dark and kinda skeevy looking-no mini fridges in the room-horrible cable, they have like 7 channels and 5 of them not in english-security came and scolded my friend for leaving the door to her room open while we were in it-the rooms have absolutely no sound proofing at all. you can hear everything in the hallway and in the rooms next to you.  -$15 a day for wifi.  -no robes-i tried to move the side table closer to the bed and it was super sticky, since we had just gotten there, that was pretty grossMGM is supposed to be nice, but they obviously put all the people who purchase rooms on the internet in lame rooms with absolutely no amenities.  If I were to ever stay here again I would have to make sure it would not be in one of these rooms.
2	I found this to be one of my least favorite hotels on the strip. Everything but the room is way too big. From the casino floor to the hallways, the sheer size of this place is overwhelming. On the one nite I decided to see some action on the casino floor I was met by a ragtag cast of characters including a creepy old dealer to Kerpal the 7-11 assistant manager who split 5s in blackjack and was prompty insulted by a handlebar moustached redneck dealer. The food here was also quite suspect, from room service to the cafe, nothing was even close to decent. The wet republic pool party is the only attraction. Otherwise avoid this horrible place like the plague. If you can afford it do the hardrock or venetian, if not head for the luxor or treasure island.
2	I'm not saying that this is a horrible place to stay, however, there were a few drawbacks that made me NOT want to put this on my priority list of places to stay again.  We paid a little extra for the west wing rooms which claimed to be updated and nicer than the grand tower rooms.  I've stayed in the grand tower rooms before and thought they were pretty nice but I decided to check these rooms out this time.  Although, they are more modern, they are way smaller and the bathrooms lack any privacy.  I also hurt my toe on the stupid "modern" door that closes off the toilet.  POSITIVES:-Not too expensive-Pools are awesome!-Won BIG in casino-Maids and Room service staff were extremely helpful and courteous!-Bar tenders and waitresses in the West Wing bar/lobby were so nice and fun!!-Some of the restaurants were pretty good and not to priceyNEGATIVES:-Front desk staff at check in were rude! (the lady that helped us was rushing to get out of there or something)-The MGM is huge!  It felt like we walked a mile to get to our room-The lamp in our room would randomly turn on and off which scared me to death the first time it happened!-There are not very many channels on the TV(I know, I know who needs the TV when you're in Vegas?  I do, it helps me go to sleep)-A few of the dealers and pit bosses were horribly RUDE!!  Even though I won money in that casino, they made me never want to gamble in that casino again.-At check out, the front desk staff was once again extremely RUDE!!!!! Bad way to end our tripOverall, the front desk staff is horrible!!!!!!!!!  The same goes for a few of the dealers and pit bosses.  Decently priced hotel but don't pay extra for the west wing room, it's not worth it.
4	Stayed for 5 days here. Got a good deal with flight package and they threw in some Cirque de Soilel tickets. The staff at the concierge and front desk were courteous and helpful. Our room wasn't available until 3pm and we checked in at 9am, but they were kind enough to stash our luggage until our room was ready. Smelled like perfume trying to cover up smoke, but what do you expect from a casino in Vegas. Spent that time getting to know the hotel and casino. As with pretty much any of the large casino's, be sure you have good walking shoes. It seemed to go on for miles. There was enough in terms of food and entertainment that you wouldn't have to leave the hotel if you opted. Did alot of gambling on the poker machines located at each bar stool, mainly because I could drag out $20 for a few hours on .25 bets and get comp beers. As far as the rest of the casino, it had pretty much every kind of slot and table you could ask for. There were a few trendy clubs there too, but not my thing so couldn't tell you what they were like. Also skipped the buffet. Just got a regular room, but it was plenty nice and the bed was very comfy. We were on the 26th floor overlooking mostly the airport, but you could see Tropicana, Excalibur, Luxor, and Mandilay Bay. I would've preferred to be on the other side of the hotel to get a view of the other side of the strip at night. One of the better points was a lion habitat. They had one male and two females that were on display for most of the day. Quite a walk to the other side of the strip or Fremont St., but buy an all day ticket on the Deuce bus that runs up and down the strip and at least you can sit in some air conditioning getting to your destination. I can't say I'd be completely loyal to this hotel when I return to Vegas, pretty much depending if I get a better deal elsewhere, but I definitely wouldn't mind. Having checked out most of the other big casinos there, I think this is nicer one.
4	We received a fairly good deal for booking flight, room and show tickets through the MGM website. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The room was good overall. The beds are incredibly comfortable and with the help of air conditioning, the temperature was perfect. Our experience with room service was great. They anticipated every need we could have thought of. I was disappointed with the lack of mini fridge, tv channel selection was minimal and internet access was $15 a day!! I felt that for the price we paid, there would be certain extras included such as these. But, they design it so that you spend your time in the casino and restaurants instead of locked in your hotel room. Regardless, a place to stash the leftovers would be nice. ;)  There was a nice variety of restaurants, bars, coffee stops and stores throughout the MGM. It offered a lot of entertainment and good room space for the seminars I attended there.
4	I arrive at the MGM Grand on a Saturday night to hit one of their clubs- Club 56- and hit the slots machines. The club was alright, albeit too crowded with posers with Affliction shirts and hootie mamas with bell-shaped dresses and forever 21 dresses. The drinks were moderately priced and too strong for me. I ordered an Incredible Hulk and the drink was really strong. I'm guessing they added weed to the drinks to kept you buying.The hotel itself was okay, with nice airy, clean rooms. There were pictures of long dead actors hanging on the walls and the bathrooms have ample towels. The drawback was that the elevators would take a long time on peak days. It would take several hours sometimes just to get an elevator without some dude with a boner standing behind you. The pool was nice, except the 3 feet depth and water that tasted like pee and bad body order. On several occasions, I swallowed some water while attempting a breast stroke. You have to watch out for little kids running around the place and fat people that have a size too small bathing suits. The restaurants inside the hotel is top notch, with restaurants catering to every price. Top tier restaurants to a McDonalds if you're on a budget. There's even a Dyer's ice cream parlor that comes in handy on really hot days. In all, I give this hotel four stars for the smelly pool and wannabe posers.
4	This isn't my first choice of hotels in vegas, but for the right price, it's my second or third....Good:Pools - amazing - lots of them, plenty of seats and a lazy river.Lots of bars and restaurants - Wichcraft was nice and loved the convenience of McDonalds in the food CourtThe Front Desk Manager - did a great jobBAD:The rooms are definitely worn - the light was out in our bathroom - they did quickly change it.Plumbing was weird - strange noises and slow drainsMake sure you text to the "Offers" number they display all over the property - you get 2 for 1 drinks, etc.Not my style, but what might work for some is the all you can eat all day buffett offers - 29 bucks during the week - 40 I think on the weekends.Have fun!
4	I love the MGM Grand. Stayed Friday-Sunday for around $170 on an apparently popular weekend and got adjoining rooms with plus double queens and a California king plus two twin rollaways (mattresses on wheels). Maybe I'm weird, but I loved their hotel linens; they didn't make me wake up in the middle of the night sweating, even with the pillowtops.+ $35 credit on each room for the food court, not applicable at Emeril's restaurant, etc. But it WAS valid at Wolfgang Puck's, and their burgers were amaaazing. I think we devoured 3 in total. + The staff, specifically the guards, were so nice. So nice, in fact, they were borderline baby-talking to me. This is referring to when I fainted waiting for food at Wolfgang's from possible shock of the heat outside and cold inside. Who knows.- Wet Republic: maybe it's fun when it's sunny and there are actual DJs spinning, but I would have no idea bc the weekend I went was rainy and the pools were closed for a good while due to lightning. Literally rained on our parade.? Casino: like any other.+ (Multiple) Pools: plenty of lounge chairs, and you can bring in your own booze provided the cans are emptied into cups. Tip: buy plastic sports bottles and fill it up before you get to the pool for additional alcohol.+ Lazy river: love it.+ Food court: pretty good during the day, and definitely not bad at 4am.- No late check-out, even when leaving on a Monday afternoon- The ELEVATORS! Oh, the elevators. We must have spent about half an hour waiting for a non-occupied elevator to get down to the lobby and check out on time, and the stairs were emergency only. Not that I'd want to carry luggage down 8 flights of stairs, but I'm just saying I'd at least like the option so I don't feel trapped.
3	MGM is definitely one of the nicer hotels.  It's been around for years and I haven't stayed here in a long time but I'm sure they've remodeled the place somewhat since my last stay.  I think you can tell a lot about the ambience of a hotel when you walk through a hotel on a Friday or Saturday night and see the crowd that's there and how they're dressed and whatnot.  The people at MGM definitely seem to dress up more as if they're going out to the clubs.  Studio 54 used to be at MGM and I'm not sure if it's still there and Studio 54 used to be one of the bigger clubs on the strip but that was many years ago.  Nowadays it seems the crowd has migrated to newer venues.  Unlike some hotels, MGM doesn't have any shows outside either that will attract a crowd so to me it's nothing really special.  It's nicer than some hotels, but definitely not the best.
3	Much better since the remodel but still 2nd tier to the luxury of Venetian and Bellagio.Weekday prices are good: our room was $70 the first night/ $90 the next.Check-in: Prepare to wait...up to 45 minutes.Rooms: Clean. Nice tolietries. Plenty of room to walk around.  If you want a refrigerator, it'll cost $35 for your stay...request ahead of time.Pool: FAR (15 minute walk) from the hotel rooms but fun for kids once you get there. Make sure you bring EVERYTHING! There are 5 pools that include a lazy river. Only downfall, the river that includes the kid's pool opens at 10 am and closes by 7:30pm. They should open it up earlier for the kids that wake up at 7 and want to go swimming after breakfast.Buffet: Use to be a top place to go however there is now a shortage of selection, maybe it was a weekday...still no excuse! The highlight was the dessert section. Not sure if it's worth the price.Oddities: The West Wing lobby...weird how you get there...and why is there a bar? You have to see it to understand how odd it is.Overall appearance: The casino and many parts of the MGM haven't changed and there is still this air of cheesy Las Vegas that still exists (i.e. neon lights and stores selling magnets!) However for a family on a budget or anyone looking for a decent, clean and fun hotel. This is the place.
2	We have been to Vegas about 8 times in the past 5 years and have stayed at MGM every time. We always went back b/c of location, price and the lazy river. The past two visits, however, have permanently turned us off. Both times we had problems at check in (one visit we had to move rooms three times) and this last time they didn't have the type of room we had reserved. The woman helping us had no problem telling us we weren't very important to them b/c we don't gamble enough. She offered us two "upgrades". One was in the Grand, but had two queen beds (we were there on our honeymoon) and the other was in the Signature (which is about a 10 minute walk to the strip). Eventually we were put into a "nonsmoking" suite with a king size bed. When we got in, the room absolutely reeked of cigarettes. Didn't see much point is trying to change since it had taken us over an hour to get into that room.The casino floor was crowded and louder than it normally is. Hard to find a table or machine to play on. We left after two nights and moved to the Venetian. The difference was night and day (but I'll talk about that in my Venetian review!)We saw KA there (which was fantastic!), but otherwise spend most of our time outside of MGM. I could just say that it was a busy weekend in Vegas and that's why everything was so crowded, but the other casinos weren't bad at all. It seems like MGM had lowered their prices so much that they are over capacity most of the time. That's good for them, I suppose, but not good as one of their guests.If you're looking for a relatively cheap place to stay and don't care much about service, check out MGM. Unless it's so crowded you can't move, the lazy river is still pretty fun. Otherwise, move on....
3	I didn't realize that the MGM Grand is one of the world's largest hotels. Truly, there are A LOT of rooms...it's easy to get confused with the octoganal hallways that all look alike. It's not the most luxurious hotel I've stayed in Vegas (hello Mr. Wynn), but certainly a really nice option. It's moderately luxurious, comfortable, clean, centrally located, and a good value. My friend's family lives in Vegas and they got a comped room for a weekend, which we used for my friend's bachelorette party. (Soooo much fun :)  Pros:- free room - really comfy beds- clean, big, marble bathrooms- rooms were quiet - we didn't hear the neighbors at all - good dining choices - I've eaten at Shibuya and Wolfgang Puck, which is a great value for the quality of food- huge pool with lots of options - it's just far from the rooms, be sure to pack everything with you. Didn't have a chance to check out Wet Republic, but it definitely seemed like a see-and-be-seen day party. - has a stop on the monorail, which we didn't use, but seems like a good idea. Cons:- casino is so-so- hotel seems a little outdated, doesn't have a lot of character- the MGM lions are only out during the day! I wanted to see some lions!MGM is a nice place to stay for sure, though I wouldn't consider it one of the real "destination" hotels.
3	Standard rooms with standard prices.  Pros:-easy to find the right elevator to get to your floor (unlike Luxor)-The Pools-extensive restaurant selection-the lions! Cons:-not much shopping stores-no good clubs
4	I enjoy everytime I stay here. Although its huge...you get used to it. The rooms are normal. nothing special. Very comfortable beds and pillows. other then that....nothing special. I only stay here if I get a good deal. If not Ill just stay across the way  at the New york New york.we were put on a smoking floor. and I honestly didnt have a problem, with this. They have a good ventalation system. so the smell of cigerettes is very minimal in the hallway and barely no smell in the room. The pool is awesome since it also has a nice lazy river and plenty of shade. Even though the walk to the pool is a ways from you room.
4	MGM is another hotel that has it all!! Shows like Crazy Horse Cabaret, a Lion habitat, Cirque Du Soliel, and a theater that has had Liza Minnelli, Tom Jones, David Copperfield, and Howie Mandel. It's one of the hottest nightlife spots with Studio 54, Tabu Lounge, and Vida (hot Latin club). This was pretty hopping the whole time I was here, gorgeous people everywhere but alas not really my age group (meaning I'm not in my early 20's anymore). Excellent places to eat as well. Spa, pool, beautiful rooms, and blah blah blah (I think I'm already getting tired of saying this). Though the lion thing was really cool!!I like this hotel but then again I won money here.
3	MGM is a very large hotel, but due to the fact that my daughter had stayed there before (it was my first time), it was easy getting around. We stayed in the deluxe room, which was standard with no view. We were located on the 9th floor and there was no long wait for an elevator. The casino part sucks because they didn't appear to have any updated games or at least a wider variety. The room was clean and the beds were very comfortable. If your in your 20's (as is my daughter) this is a great place as it has so many things going on which would appeal to that crowd. I actually am rating MGM with 3.5 stars because the beds were so darn comfortable.
2	I have always put the MGM in the top division of Vegas Hotels. I fear they are now playing to attract second division clientel. Low rates but the service and quality of the stay was poor. FAIL.
5	I had the time of mah mothafukkin life.PLAY ROULETTE DOWNSTAIRS omg...I was there til checkout.Drinking Jager.Then went to the pool and met some strippers..Sooo much fun.
1	Went here a year ago for Labor Day weekend, checked in to find out we got bumped 3 miles away to other end of strip at a Marriott Residence Inn that was 3 blocks off the strip, no bar, no restraint, no shuttle to strip WTF! Never go or recommend this property again... Be warned don't book online for the cheap rates....
1	Beware!!  Things look nice on the surface, but troubles abound.  Too few elevators for the number of guests using them--be ready to wait and wait and wait.  You may need to ride "up" to ever hope of going "down".  Oh, and the sinks back up in the bathrooms.  The suggestion from the hotel?  Brush your teeth in the bathtub!  Needless to say, this will be my last stay.
4	We got a pretty good deal for this past weekend, so decided we owed ourselves another Vegas trip.  The MGM is a pretty great place to stay - always clean with a great casino and decent cafe.  Our shower broke this past time around (constantly flowing, almost OVERflowing) and we placed a call to maintenance.  They were there in about 20 minutes and fixed our problem in about 10.  Pretty efficient, and nice to boot.The rooms are perfect for 4, but pretty packed at 6 (tried both scenarios).  The pool is a reason to stay here alone - the lazy river just doesn't get old.  It doesn't really matter how hot it is (try 109 this past weekend), the lazy river is a perfect way to cool down.  The other pools kinda suck, but it's okay.  The River will never fail you.BUT DO NOTE:  If you're checking out at 11 (especially on a Sunday) TRY TRY TRY to leave earlier.  There will be a line and you'll end up on an elevator going up just so you can go down.  It took us about 15 minutes to get on an elevator and I'm pretty positive that wasn't a bad wait compared to some.So come prepared.  Drink.  Relax.  Enjoy.  Or just drink.  Up to you.
1	I really wanted to like this place. I had friends who raved about the rooms and I love the color green... so really, I expected SO much more. I've had better luck at the Luxor and that place is old. :PThe front desk was RUDE and the "package deal" only happens if you charge things to your room... which costs 200$. Silly lady wouldn't even explain properly even though there was no line behind us (was it was 1am). Rude people should not be at the front desk. Maybe scrubbing floors... My friend and I reserved a smoking room (not for me...) but we were given a non-smoking room. When asked about this they said they would just send up ash-trays. Interesting, but atleast they were given the okay to smoke. When I called to ask the name of the person who said it was okay to smoke so we wouldn't be charged they rushed into saying we wouldn't be charged and wouldn't give me a name. For hospitality "specialists" they were not hospitable.The bathroom toilet leaked. We had requested a higher floor but were given a 4th floor room with a view of the A/C and rock roof. Nice for LV I guess... if you like rocks. The redeeming factors are the maid service and bell boy (is that what it is called?) they were prompt when we needed towels (BECAUSE THE TOILET WAS LEAKING)Overall, they fail and I won't be staying there again.
4	This place has more employees than the population of most towns in the state of Nevada.  Expect huge.   MGM Grand is ever-changing.  From the restaurant choices to their soap wrappers.  And the lion exhibit is my favorite free thing to do in Vegas.
4	Wow, this hotel is MASSIVE.  You keep walking and walking, and you still aren't through the lobby.  The best part about this hotel is the restaurants.  Everything from Micheal Mina to Joel Roubochon.  I love coming here to see the lions, who are always asleep when I get to the exhibit.  This time we ate at the buffet, which is an old favorite of mine.  I liked all of the food choices, yet again, had an upset stomach later.  Damn buffets.
4	this place is HUGEEEEEEE!!!! Service came every day around the same time. Check in and out was easy. The hallways are freezing, but the AC in our room was mediocre. Even slightly hot at times, and I kept trying to crank the air too... The taxi guys are nice. It's a bit further down on the strip to walk along it though. Definitely one of my more favorite hotels in Vegas.
3	Got a deal through Travelzoo (Travelzoo ROCKS!) for a Celebrity Spa Suite.First room had a rotten egg/Nair smell.  Asked to be switched so that I wouldn't have to smell chemical for three days.  They changed our room pretty quickly to another Spa Suite.The Spa tub is dangerous.  I was so afraid to get in b/c they had some ridiculous ledge so that you would have to take a huge step to get out of the tub wet onto a freakin' marble floor.  Can you say lawsuit??  Also, I would call it more of a large room than a suite.  The living room area was only separated by a large dresser. What's up with that??The hotel itself is nice.  Studio 54 sucks ass.  Tabu is super small, but fun.Would stay again, but would probably just go with a standard room and only if I got a great deal.
5	My family and I stayed at the MGM Grand a few years ago and LOVED our stay there. We checked in with no hesitation at all and the people were very friendly. Our room was SPOTLESS and very clean. It is HUGE too!!!  I would definitely recommend the MGM to anyone staying in Vegas. We even found it humorous to see the green lights from outside shining into our room. One of the great things about this place is the food court that is downstairs. You can simply go and grab a cup of coffee, breakfast or a hot dog for a reasonable price. I would definitely stay there again!!!
4	Didn't stay here, but stopped by to gamble, had a lot of fun.
2	If you get a fantastic deal (sub $50/night), book it. Otherwise, you can do better. The MGM Grand suffers from simply being too large. The trek from the elevator banks to the monorail is onerous, the trek from the elevator banks to spa/gym, strip, sportsbook, all onerous.The details suffer when you have 6,852 rooms. The hotel-provided lotion in the bathroom had been tampered with, bearing a greasy finger smudge (lube?) and a dark bit of foreign matter I had no interest in examining too closely. I noticed it since the bottle hadn't been properly closed, although it had been positioned correctly on the toiletry tray.The ironing board screeched like a parrot when I opened it. The cover was stained and lumpy. I struggled for a good five minutes and nearly lost a bit of my finger attempting to close it.The "art" hung in my room was identical to the "art" hung in my room the first time I stayed at the MGM over eight years ago. Patrick Stewart, Lauren Holly, someone I don't recognize, and a pretty lady next to a lion. Depressing yet familiar. The thermostat has three settings: off, not enough, and too much.The beds were comfortable enough.The towels weren't soft, but not scratchy either. I'm guessing somewhere between reasonably-priced boarding school and prison. Internet access, fitness facility at usurious rates. I guess the MGM Grand feels that if you are attempting to conduct business to better yourself financially, or if you are attempting to exercise to better yourself physically, you are not gambling. Personally, I can do the third much more, if I don't have to pay for the first two.The MGM Grand has positioned itself at the lowest common denominator. It has everything, but everything is kind of crappy and overpriced. It follows other casinos in every aspect but size.
4	My family decided to do our summer vacation in Vegas this year, so we searched online for a good deal. Since my sister is a Platinum member with US Airways, she directed us to www.usairwaysvacations.com, and what an amazing deal we got. 2 nights and round trip airfare from San Diego for $132 per person! Book it! I read a few reviews about the MGM and just decided to try it since it is the biggest resort in Vegas. I don't mind the walking and all that since I'm not that old. The checkin process was pretty annoying since there were only 5 agents open. They had at least 10 stalls available. Anyways, it was pretty painless once we were helped. We asked for an upgrade, but since we requested smoking rooms, there were only 2 floor that they could put us on. No problem.We got a room on the 24th floor if I remember correctly. And yes, there was Indo smoke filling the hallways. Damn it smelled good!The rooms are typical for Vegas. Very clean, spacious, and tastefully decorated. I'm not one to take pictures of every nook and cranny and scratch so I was very satisfied.I have nothing to complain about with the MGM at all. Everything from valet, to room service was up to par. I tried out the Studio 54 and the poker room but I guess I'll do separate reviews on those.
1	Went to Vegas for a girls weekend getaway. I booked a room at the MGM Grand because I had previously stayed there and it seemed pretty decent for what we could afford and they had this promotion going on where we get all these great credits like 25 slot credit, 2 for 1 at the spa, and free drinks at the pool.The front desk lady was so rude. When I presented my debit card, she told me there would be a $200 charge if I wanted to charge things to the room since it wasn't a credit card. When I was looked confused about it and asked her to explain, she told me they would CHARGE me 200 so I could charge to my room. MY friend and I were even more confused after that, then the girl looks at us and says,"Do you want it, or not?" Of course we say no. Remember those great resort credits? Can't use them cuz we can't charge to the room! And she FAILED to mention that.We get into our room and it is ok...til we get into the bathroom and realize that the toilet is leaking. We got a room on the 4th floor....so our view was really craptacular. I also requested a smoking room, and we got placed in a non smoking room. When we called to complain, they said they were at full capacity and would send up ashtrays. Vegas was fun, but MGM was not. I will definitely stay somewhere else next time.
4	My husband and I always end up staying here mainly because of the deals they offer.  We have stayed at the MGM grand about 4 times in the past 2 years, and all stays have been pretty good overall.  Its a huge hotel, so unless you have been there before be prepared to get a lil lost...even the directionals are a little hard to follow sometimes.  I am not a big fan of the west wing room....way too small and there is no privacy whatsoever.  We got upgraded to this room one time, and never again will we stay in this room.  I would only recommend that room for someone staying by him/herself.  One morning I was trying to sleep past 8:00AM, yeah silly I know, and the person above us most of been getting ready for an interview or something.  They were pacing back and forth in dress shoes and I heard every step of it!  It didn't make my hangover go away any quicker!  We normally stay in the grand tower room which is nice, especially for the price.  We always end up staying at this hotel because of the great deals they offer, like $50/night with complimentary drinks and $50 fine dining credit.  The hotel has some great restaurants too if your into that, which we are, like Joel Robuchon, Craftsteak, Nobhill, etc.Things I like about this casino:  its huge, lobby area (red roses everywhere), restaurant choices, blackjack tables are okay, great deals, rooms are pretty good.Things I dislike:  its huge, don't take their so-called upgrade (west wing room), never got upgraded to anything else or even offered, location isn't the best, lion habitat is depressing, not great entertainment options (bars, clubs)
1	Let me start off by saying if I could give the MGM Grand 0 stars that would be generous.After partying at Club Rain all night at the Palms with some friends, my boy and I decided to go back to their hotel room since they were staying there. It was 5 A.M. and me, my boy, and a friend decided to go downstairs to do a lil gambling even though we were pretty exhausted. Being that I was the only one with like 15 bucks I gambled and lost immediately. I had to go to the bathroom so I told them I would be right back.Upon entering the bathroom the cleaning guy told me to go to the back as he was cleaning the front area which I was going to anyway. While I walking towards the back it smells like weed which I could care less cause I dont smoke, and it didnt bother me. After about 40 seconds of being in the stall security comes in and says outloud "This is MGM security and we have the sheriff outside, anyone smoking marijuana better stop right now". Ummm ok, I didnt really pay attention because it wasnt me. So I get a knock on the door saying sir was it you, and I just replied no man I am not smoking.So when I get out of the stall here is the bozo security guards waiting for me to get out. He starts to accuse me of smoking the week, and then after I told him didnt i tell you it wasnt me and told him not only do I not smell like weed I dont have anything on me. He says "you flushed it", so by this time I am already aggrivated so I shun him off to go wash my hands. As soon as I reach the sink the bathroom is bumrushed with security, supervisors, and a sheriff. Now I am surrounding by staff accusuing me of smoking in the bathroom off of a few allegations. Now I am beyond mad, and start to really please my case in the most vulgar way possible. My boy comes in to see what was going on and hes upset at well. They take both of out ID's and write down our information, and I am shaking I am so pissed. One of the 10$ an hour security guards proceeds to tell me "for future reference next time you walk in a bathroom and it smells like weed, you should go to another."After telling us we need to leave the premise, I go back and ask on what basis do you have to kick us out. The guy says we have a guy who saw you go into the stall (ok), we have a guy who knocked on your door (ok), so I said basically nothing. He then tells me it boild down to "WE DONT WANT YOUR BUSINESS",  you are 86'd from MGM and all casinos affiliated with MGM. I pretty much tell him to fuck off.I still plan to write a letter, I have never been so offended. Not only do I feel it was defamation of character, I felt like not one person used procedure to fully get all the details.I dont have any respect for MGM, and plan to never come back here my entire life.
3	oh god, terrible hotel, what this hotel would be if it were not for its gambeling attractions, and some shows, i think that is all that is keeping this thing up, not much to say other then many good events are usually at the mgm i dont know why i guess they have the best scenary?!TFR
5	Recently featured on the Travel Channel as the largest hotel in America, I felt honored to make this place my "humble abode" for three days! This place lives up to the Travel Channel legacy as being larger than life! I was still confused where things were after three days. As soon as you walk into the hotel, you are greeted by a massive lobby complete with several massive TV screens with the ongoings of the hotel and casino. The employees that work here are very professional and try to carter to everyone's needs. We were able to pull off early check-in and also a slight upgrade to the Sky Lofts. After checking in, we were able to explore the bells and whistles that is the casino floor. The casino floor is above and beyond huge. They have one of the largest assortments of slot machines, along with my favorite past times, roulette and craps! The room at the Sky Lofts were a bit of a walk compared to the main rooms in the hotel, but they had a much modern and streamlined look. The Sky Loft seemed to be more intimate and futuristic at the same time, complete with a built in TV in the bathroom mirror. Also the travel sized shampoo, conditioner and body wash that came with the hotel did not smell like crap and was not of inferior quality-most girls would appreciate this! The hotel also houses a plethora of restaurants, both inexpensive and expensive which we dined at both. We were able to try Stag Deli, Fat Tuesday's, Shibuya, and Mama Iladro's Pizza. All ranged from good to fantastic. The same night we arrived in Vegas, we had tickets to see KA which was amazing! (It is a must see, but that's another review.) It was so convenient to have the show at the same place in which we were staying in. It saved us a $10-14 cab ride! The pool area is also a must visit, especially during the desert's summer months. Remember to have your room key in tote, because you will be asked for it to enter the pool area. The pool area included several pools, a lazy river, an endless supply of lounge chairs, about 3 pool bars staggered around and last but not least WET REPUBLIC!!! I would not even hesitate to look for another destination hotel and casino, because this place is it! Although a little at the far end of the strip, it is a "one stop shop" to everything fun in Vegas! F.Y.I: Text "VIP" to 50435 for special offers and promotions! (Example: Say you get a text that states buy one cocktail, get one cocktail free. All you have to do is show your cellphone with the text to the bartender and they will honor it! How awesome is that!?)
2	I stayed in a Celebrity Spa Suite for my 3 night Vegas vacation.  While the casino area is nice, the hallways, rooms, and bathrooms are very dated and ugly.  For some reason, they think that it is a good idea to put a humongous wooden tv compartment in the middle of the room.  As I opened the door, it to watch tv, the door fell off the hinges.   The only plus was the we had a spa tub in the bathroom.  Other than that, not very appealing.i will opt for an upgrade and go with Bellagio or the Venetian on the next trip.
4	So, We spent our entire Labor Day weekend at MGM in a bungalow suite.  The decor is a little dated and the lighting in the room was HORRIBLE! But, it was very spacious and had a full closet.  The bathroom had a stand alone shower and a bath tub.  Which came in handy on our last day because the water in the shower just STOPPED draining all the sudden.  So we had to use the shower, instead.  I've stayed in many many hotels in my day from The W in Atlanta to the Continental in Miami. Most hotels come standard with REFRIGERATORSSSSSS!  If it is considered an upgrade from a regular room, it should also have A REFRIGERATOR!!!!  This room didn't and that made me furious.  Someone said we should specify what we want in our room.  WHA?  DID I HAVE TO ASK YOU FOR A TOILET? Well...I shouldn't have to ask for something to keep my adult beverages cold.  AND AN IPOD DOCKING STATION SHOULD BE STANDARD AS WELL.  Anyhoo...MGM is huge and it's a blast.  I like to stay here because it's usually a cool crowd, no too crazy but not boring  or pretentious like the Bellagio.  Also...the Valet guys are awesome.  Every night it seemed like the same guy was there when we left and we would ask him where everyone is going...IT'S FUNNY BECAUSE HE SAID THE PALMS every night except Saturday.  lol  That is exactly the type of experience that puts MGM at the top of my list of places to stay in Vegas.  The energy is so mellow. AND THE PLACE IS FREAKIN HUGE!  The restaurants are top notch and the service is good.   I didnt go to the pool but my friend said it was wild.  (she wasn't at Wet Republic, either.  It was a $100 dollars a day Labor Day weekend)   If they had a hot club, MGM would be the place to be next to Palms and Hard Rock.
4	Staying at the MGM this time around on my trip wasn't so much about getting a quality room, but more about the perks and bonuses that came with booking your room. You pretty much have a city built inside the hotel, and you will have everything at your disposal. The night before we stayed at the Signatures, and we knew the move wouldn't be that big of deal. Its about a 10-15 min walk from the towers of Signatures to MGM. The room itself definitely lived up to the name. Beds were very comfortable, showers were large enough and had good source of hot water and there was even a desk and a couch for you spend time away from the beds. I hate hotels where the only thing you get is just a bed, it reminds me of motel 6. The only gripe I have is that the room's TV is still the old school tube. Most hotels now days atleast come with a flat screen. I m sure the West Wing has it hooked up like that.  Other then that, the room was great! As far as amenities and perks, I will start off by saying I saved about $150 off the cover at Wet Republic. I got a special which gave us free access, and we were able to use it towards LDW 09 Monday.  Next we saved an additional $40 off the all day buffet. We got a 2 for 1 deal, so I only had to pay for one person.  We could've saved more if we went to Tabu, but we got hook ups at XS.. so we weren't going to mess around.   All in all, we got almost $200 worth of perks, and I paid about $58 after tax for my room. I think it was a great deal. Im definitely going to come back to the MGM if they run deals like this again. Would I pay $199 a night here? Nope. $52 a night with all the perks.. hell yes.
4	I enjoyed my stay here and got an unexpected bonus of a $35 room credit towards a meal.  That came in handy because all the restaurants are pretty upscale and expensive, even the "cafe".  I counted something like 3 different Starbucks.  The buffet doesn't measure up to the Tropicanas, go across the bridge and eat there for less.  I'll echo what other people have said and point out that the MGM hotel is maybe just a bit too big to really enjoy staying here.  I liked my room, the only thing missing that normally I would expect was there was no coffee/tea maker.  I got my share of sun by the pool and floated in the lazy river.  Convenient to the Tropicana, NY/NY and Hooters (I had an awful dinner at Dan Marinos).  It was too hot to really explore more of the strip.
4	Ok so its been a week since we were in Las Vegas. It's been awhile since i did a Freestyle.Its been ages since I seen my Yelp buddies, so this is for all yall.Guys trip in Las Vegas, Mayweather/Marquez weekend. Let's just say I saw more action from those guys on the strip handing out those sexy girl cards! Fight wasn't all that, but being in Vegas with my friends made the trip a great one!to the tune of HOTEL ROOM SERVICE by Pitbull (enjoy!!)http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Me17_uzP4PkI'm chillin' with my guy friends drinking in the hotel roomWe forgot our girlfriends, its just us in the hotel roomPartyin' with my guy friends shirtless in the hotel room! o_OWe at the Paris, Encore, MGM Grand! (x4)We like that crazy stuff, 2 in the morn', 1 chinky eye, that sleepy stuff It's Vegas, and we like the HYPE We ain't at T.I., its MGM tonite Brought NO girls, its called a guys night, just ate at the buffet, We look PLUMPER tonight let me check your weight oh, you're the healthy type. I'll have an omelet with some egg whites. Now gamble those chips, play the tables with the flashy stuff, let me tell you what we gon' do. 2 + 2, the dealer will beat you. Then if you have 3 and 3, please don't double me. And if you have 4 and 4, double down and hit no more!I'm chillin' with my guy friends drinking in the hotel roomWe forgot our girlfriends, its just us in the hotel roomPartyin' with my guy friends shirtless in the hotel room! o_OWe at the Paris, Encore, MGM Grand! (x4)I saw Tim Duncan in the hotel lobby,He was off to the room like vroom,with his chick by his side,to the elevator for a rideUp to the Penthouse like Ooo!We a group of hotties, each others company, looking for a crowd, just to party.SORRY girl I ain't with it, I got somebody, In SD she's my lil shawty. Now gimme some sweets, that tasty yummy stuff. Ima tell you what we gon' do, 2 + 2, i'm gon' out drink you. Then we gon' go 3 and 3, Please don't throw up on me. Then we gonna go 4 and 4, we gon' drink some more! But first...I'm chillin' with my guy friends drinking in the hotel roomWe forgot our girlfriends, its just us in the hotel roomPartyin' with my guy friends shirtless in the hotel room! o_OWe at the Paris, Encore, MGM Grand! (x4)MGM Grand is a nice clean hotel. Its not the PALAZZO but its coo. I wouldn't mind staying there again. Honestly, its really not the hotel you stay at, its who you are with and what you make of the trip. We should have a YELP VEGAS TRIP. 5 stars to that!SO many funny moments in Vegas, too many to mention. Here's a few that I thought was funny:FRIEND 1: hey girl, there's an All-you-can-eat MEAT buffet at the MGM GRAND.GIRL(a little on the fatty side):ooOO foreals!? We are so there!FRIEND 2: you are so mean, you like to push buttons don't you!?FRIEND 1: I was being such a jerk and she didn't even realize it!*TEXT MESSAGE OF THE NIGHT*"Plese healp me!! I'm by the b room"That was sent from a buddy who had waaayy too much to drink. Tell me why he sent it to all the homies, even ones who weren't even in Vegas!!Vegas + buddies + alkies = A DAMN GOOD TIME!!
4	If only we could give half stars... MGM is a solid 4 1/2 stars!! We encountered the same great service on this last trip as we have in the past, I was just lucky enough to finally spend some time (like 8 hours combined) at the pool area this trip. I freakin LOVE the pool area @ MGM Grand. Let me start with their lazy river.... AWESOME! It's a good sized river, fun w/ or w/out tubes. There are people hanging out and having fun. Once you've had your fill of the lazy river, which could take a while, there are about 3 other pools to choose from, one specificially banning the kiddies, which is nice if you're looking for a relatively quiet and splash-free zone. There are several bars situated throughout the area and quite a few waitresses walking around as well. I also liked the fact that even though it was fairly crowded, we still were able to find some lounge chairs. This trip we were in a standard room. Nice classic decor, super comfy bed, nice sheets and down comforter and pillows HURRAY! The bathroom was typical, but clean and well equipped with plenty of towels and toiletries. And once again... my MGM Players Club card got me a super great deal on the room. People use those cards!!!! Rates offered were: $49 Sun-Thu / $69 Fri/Sat, no blackout dates! We actually got those rates on the Mayweather/Marquez fight weekend!If the deals keep coming, we'll definitely be back!
1	Terrible service. The room was fine, but the people that work there are absolutely AWFUL. Never has anyone spoken to me like I was a 5 year old idiot, but they managed to do it here.We asked at check in (which was a LONG wait) how to use our dining credit that was part of the deal we got. They told us we charged the bill to the room and then it was credited. When we attempted to use our dining credit that came with our room, the restaurant told us we could not charge anything to our rooms, and we would have to go check with the front desk. After some complaining about how they should call for us because that's how customer service works and being told we would have to pay another way, we just gave in and paid with card. We went to the front desk and found the same guy we checked in with, "Tim". We asked him what the deal was and he told us when he asked if we wanted to keep our cards on file for charges we had said no. When we told him we definitely did not and why would we have asked how to use our dining credit only to say no, he retracted and said, "when I asked neither of you answered."...so apparently if you don't hear his question, it counts as a 'No.' He then said he would put our cards on file and we would have to go back to the restaurant to tell them to void the charges and charge it to our room. Obviously we said that was unacceptable, we were late for plans and had already wasted enough time dealing with their inability to communicate between restaurant and hotel. I don't care if they're independent entities, if they offer deals like this they need to be able to communicate. We told him we would not be their carrier pigeons, and he eventually relented and called the restaurant- AFTER he threatened to have my boyfriend removed by security for being annoyed with his incompetence and customer service- WAY TO BE MGM! Then he told us he was going to credit our room an extra 30 for the inconvenience and annoyance, and threatening to have us removed...that of course never happened, but why bother dealing with these people again for an extra 30 dollars? I told my boyfriend at the time I was SURE he was just saying it to get us away from him anyway. HINT TO MGM: don't threaten to have your guests kicked out when they're upset with your terrible customer service. It doesn't speak well about your guest relation plan. I mean, the room was nice and spacious- we stayed in the celebrity spa suite, but honestly, I'm not sure it's worth the hassle of every employee that works in this hotel speaking to you like you're a moron. And having to wait in long lines for EVERYTHING- from the sandwich restaurant to the front desk. They don't even offer an email address to contact them on, and when we tried to take the guest survey from our tv, that didn't work either. Shouldn't they know that every bad experience a client has gets around to 9 people, while a good one gets to 3? And if you post it on yelp, I'm sure this bad one will definitely get to more. Idiots.
4	Had a really perfect stay at MGM in September, I would definitely stay here again when in Vegas.Had a great room with a great view, the concierge service was really accommodating and helpful, and oddly enough, one of the best parts was being able to check in at the airport! I had read about this option, but assumed it would be some kind of kiosk, etc. But they have a whole pseudo-hotel front right at the baggage claim. You walk in, they greet you, check you in, give you your KEYS and then you head to the hotel and walk straight to the elevators. Grand, indeed!They also have a great selection of upscale restaurants (CraftSteak was my personal favorite) and more casual ones for during the day. I was able to experience the spa, but I REALLY wanted to chill out in the lazy river, but ended up being too busy.My main complaint is kind of random, but... I hated the in-room toiletries. The lotion and shower gel smelled like a lumberjack's deodorant! I know that's odd to say, but my point is that not only wasn't it a neutral scent, BUT it was a man scent. I definitely didn't want to smell like that. Boo.
3	As standard it could get.My good friend booked a room for his B. Day!I expected a little more from MGM, not much more but defiantly a flat screen HD instead of a 97's old tube TV! Are ya'll stuck in time? Did nothing change in this room since my last visit 10 years ago?Another incident was when I called the desk for some more sheets & pillows (as we were few in the room)...Never arrived!I called again few hours later only to have a rude man shouting at me saying that:A) We did not ask for anything earlier. B) They charge money for it.C) they are closing and I will need to wait till tomorrow.I was screaming so hard, the whole floor was shaking!We got our sheets and pillows in 20 minutes. Thank you very much! Why only when I scream I get things done???Other than that, mediocre, the hotel is ok if you got a nice deal and get an upgrade to a fancier room.They have a koo jello shots bar downstairs, will get ya f up!Yalla bye!
1	So I came to Vegas for a class I wanted to take. I finished the class and wanted to hang out on the strip and see some friends. Sounds like fun right? So I made reservations with Travelocity back in August for this trip and then changed the room to accommodate some friends. So when I checked in, I had to deal with Stuart, no last name. He was an older man with gray hair and a comb over. He asked for my name and I proceeded to give it to him. He asked for my ID to which I gave it to him and he looked at the picture. He then asked for my credit card to swipe for the room in case I charge or use anything in the room. AFTER he swipes the card, he checks the card and sees my name. He then asks how I am related to "Paul". EXCUSE ME? Paul? Who the f--- is Paul? I told him I'm not Paul and told him he should know that as he checked my ID. Turns out, he only looked at the photo, not the name. Well it turns out that for some odd reason my change with Travelocity somehow didn't register on the MGM computers. Rather than being helpful, Stuart banished me from the front of the line so I would have to take care of it myself. After an hour of being on the phone and waiting for Travelocity to clarify things with MGM, I got my room. The room WASN'T the suite that I made a reservation for, and it was smaller than expected. It was a short trip and I was going to be on the strip more than I was going to be in the room so whatever. Well, I went home to settle my receipts and check my bills and it turns out that I had a $250 charge on my credit card to MGM when I already paid for the room back in August. I thought it was odd that I have the charge so I called and they told me it was charged to "Paul" who was staying there at the same time. I told the woman that I have no idea who "Paul" is other than he had the same last name and was scheduled to stay there the same time I was. Well she stated she would remove the charge. I thought it was the end of it. So what happens? I get a message today that because my card was swiped, she couldn't remove the charge. So I have to call her back tomorrow to find out what happened because she was out of the office by 4pm (lucky). I'm not mad at "LaDonna". Based on her message, the credit card was swiped for "Paul" and therefore links me to him. What sucks is I'm paying for "Paul's" stay in Vegas and the fault lies on Stuart, the old deaf guy who didn't hear my correct name and somehow came up with the name "Paul" instead of my actual name! I'm upset with Stuart because he asked for my ID, proceeded to look for it, yet he didn't bother to see if my name matched what he heard. Instead, he did it after he swiped my credit card, so I now have a charge for a room that I didn't stay in for a person I don't even know. I'm upset that Stuart was lazy and rude and in no way polite to me whatsoever! Yes, there was a mix up with Travelocity, but Stuart was rude. Stuart ended up charging me for a room to which I didn't stay. He is wrong because he identified me as "Paul" and NEVER apologized for it! I am left with this stupid charge that I have to fight against tomorrow morning, wasting my time when I don't need to! Stuart is the epitome of bad service! This was the first time I decided to stay at MGM. I've enjoyed playing in the casino so I thought I would stay there and see what it's like. Instead, because of Stuart, I have NO intention of staying there again. I am also likely to go elsewhere to gamble and eat. I'm not made of a lot of money, but I still think I deserve common courtesy where ever I go. Stuart clearly messed up and in no way apologized for it and that is wrong! I will update this with whatever happens with the false credit card charges, but Stuart ruined my short stay at MGM and never apologized! I expect better from this hotel. What a jackass!UPDATE: I was told that because the card was swiped, they will not remove the charge! Lame! Someone else stayed for free on my dime! I don't think that's fair.  So I was told I have to call my credit card to dispute the charge and they are graciously investigating it.  All in all, I think Stuart did a horrible job.  To take someone's ID and not check the name with the face?!?! What's the point in taking it from me to check then? That's sloppy work and because of that, I have to spend my time cleaning up HIS mess! Inexcusable! I am thoroughly disappointed with MGM.  I liked the casino prior to all of this and that made me decide to stay, but this experience with inefficiency and me having to clean up THEIR mess makes me NEVER want to stay here again and deal with the hassle.  I appreciate my credit card for being so helpful, but MGM dropped the ball BIG TIME in my eyes! Don't waste your effort staying here, there are PLENTY of better hotels on the strip!
2	I use to stay at this hotel a lot, but unfortunately it has gone way down hill. Really run down down hotel.  The only reason I gave it two stars is for the staff-They're really helpful.
1	Needs implosion.  Seriously, the MGM is past its prime and offers no "signature attraction".  The "Crazy Horse" Revue is a waste of money, and if you have epilepsy, the light changes could send you into a seizure!  The Lion Habitat is more saddening than interesting.  The lions appear sedated--but then, so do most of the people looking at them.  The rooms have seen better days, and if you have a Corner Suite (located at the ends of the halls), the walk from the elevator to the Suite is 10-12 minutes!  That's a long walk if you're hammered!  On the weekends, a younger crowd descends upon MGM like locusts on farm land.  Eating and drinking everything in their path, they leave nothing behind but a path of destruction.  i'm going back to Caesar's or Bellagio--heck, I'll even go back to Motel 6!
2	It's been reviewed to death. So here kicking a dead horse. Don't bother with this place. I was tired and didn't want to walk anymore. The beef and broccoli was (I'm not kidding) one strip of beef and a plate full of broccoli and rice. WTF! Next time I will wear better shoes.
3	Recently spent 2 nights in one of the Terrace Suites. It was my 30th b-day so I and my wife went all out.The terrace with the hot tub was awesome. Nookie action in the outdoor hot tub overlooking the strip made the cost of this room worth it. Also the bed and pillows were super comfortable. The view from the bed was also awesome.HOWEVER...the little things wrong at MGM amounted this room to only 3 stars.And the biggest thing that peeved us was THE HALLWAY WAS FILTHY!!!!! We showed up at the room and next to our door were two empty glasses and one of those plastic ice buckets you get at the pool with empty beer cans it. Across the hall were tables and chair stacked up being stored in the hallway. Also across the hall were a bunch of dirty dishes laying on the floor from someone's roomservice. All of this stuff (except the two glasses, which were there for the duration of our stay) were removed the second day of our stay.Here is a list of the smaller problems.1. MGM has done a terrible job of maintaining the rooms. The handle on the glass sliding door was super loose and felt like it was about to come off. I had to tighten the screws with my thumb.2. Two of the over head lights in front of the 2 story windows were  blown out...one was just completely busted out.3. No soap dish in the shower...you had to set your stuff on the ground when switching between soap and shampoo.4. NO ELECTRONIC EXPRESS CHECKOUT ON THE TV. You had drop a card with you room info in the elevator lobby and examine you final bill at a later date.5. TV in bathroom was broken6. Maid service did not empty all of teh garbage cansFor a $1000 a night room, these problems are totally unacceptable. This easily could have been a 5 star stay except for these little things that amounted to allot.As far as the casino goes, it was packed during the day, but died down earlier than other more hip hotels, I guess because it was more of a family place. Cocktail service while in the machines sucked, but was pretty good while we were at the tables. Dining options were probably the best of any of the hotels I stayed at. Options ranged all the way from McDonald's to some 5 star french place and everything else in between. The pool area was average, and was a long walk from the hotel. THE LAZY RIVER WAS CLOSED!!!
2	The MGM Grand has been well and truly reviewed to death, but I'm going to do it anyway.I had a bit of vacation, so we headed to Vegas. We'd stayed at MGM's West Wing before, which was quite nice, so this time we thought we'd stay in a suite...thinking it'd be a larger version of the West Wing.  Ha.  Um, no.  It was kind of crap, with an ancient TV set with loose cables that we had to keep adjusting in order to get a clear picture, and shower heads positioned for Prince.  Given that my companion and I are both quite tall, showers were an exercise in contortion that would've qualified us for Cirque du Soleil tryouts.Uh, yeah, there are lions downstairs.  You can see those without paying to stay here.  You can also go to the restaurants and shows here without paying to stay here.  Now that I'm a grown-up, I'll be moving on to one of the nicer options farther up the Strip.
4	Overall will recommend to anyone and will stay again, I will only list my complaints here. We got 3 nights comped, and were hoping to get our 4th night comped, but apparently the comp process is just too complicated for us to understand. No fridge, microwave, or coffeepot in the "deluxe" room, you have to upgrade to a celebrity spa suite if you want a fridge (we didn't because we wanted two separate beds). The biggest complaint is that the TAXI STAND TAKES FOREVER. We waited in line at least 15 minutes every single time we took a taxi out of this place, and the doorman only brought up one taxi at a time, which I assume is because he was trying to get tips by opening up the taxi doors for the patrons. That was the only bad part. Overall this is my favorite casino in Vegas. Oh btw the lobby smells like roses. I love this.
4	Most extravagant, over-the-top, huge, and crazy place I've ever stayed in.  Honestly, I've slept in nicer hotel rooms, but the real action is outside in the casinos. I mean, there is a lion's den in the middle of the casino floor with actual MGM lions in it.  What more do you need?  This place is iconic, if you don't stay here at least once, you've never "really" been to Vegas.
4	the room we got was very nice:-view (21st floor with a view of the strip)-beds (comfy, with fluffy bedding)-bathroom (large and decently lit)the pool was fantastic. love the lazy river!the selection of restaurants inside MGM is pretty awesome too.
3	This was a good value.  As in, there was a lot of it to experience. It wasn't fabulous, but it didn't suck either! It was the first Vegas place I paid for out of pocket as a poor college student with my poor graduate student boyfriend (November 2007), so it holds pretty fond memories for us :)For such a sprawling place, it was pretty well-run.  You kind of have to get used to feeling like a little cog in a massive machine.  Service was impersonal, but fairly brisk and efficient.  We got the regular no frills room, and were satisfied with what we received.  Around 400 sq. feet, with a king bed and a cool shaped couch.  The bathroom was average.  The main draw for us was the fact that this place is so big that it has EVERYTHING. It has a mega sized casino, with decent minimums for black jack on a slower night.  There are also tons of restaurants.  The first time we were there, we were too poor to go to anything except the McDonald's in the food court, but even their food court was fun to sit in! Open and airy, good for people watching.I knew I was coming back to visit the restaurants once I got my hands on some cash though.  Couldn't walk through their eye-popping restaurant row without remembering it good.  I've since stopped by to try Wolfgang Puck Bar and Grille and Fiamma.  Wasn't disappointed!South end location on Strip makes MGM easy to get to from airport, but it's far from rest of strip.
5	We just couldn't spring for pacquiao vs cotto tickets so we went with the 50 dollar alternative and went to the close circuit viewing party here. After attending this event, I'd be ok all the time doing this again. There had to be what felt like 10,000 people at this viewing party primarily from Philippines and Puerto Rico. Everyone had their country flags singing and jumping up on their chairs, and when pacquiao won holy cow it was chaos. Where we were was the place to be. This was a highlight of my trip. Nice job MGM.
2	Recently stayed in the West Tower. The rooms were renovated with a contemporary look & feel. You're greeted by a frosted glass sink and vanity area. The doors to the toilet and shower were both frosted glass from floor to ceiling. The bed area felt cramped and dark. The one plus was the dvd-equipped TV and the Bose clock radio, neither of which I used but good to have. Still can't complain since they "comp'ed" my three night stay! Of course that's not to say I didn't "contribute" to Las Vegas' sinking economy!
2	Just got back from a recent stay, chances are if you've found a good rate on the internet, so have alot of other people, and they may not necessarily be quiet!The room itself was nice, clean, bed was comfy, hot water in the shower at night, ran out of hot water one morning, there was good pressure.  No refrigerator in the room, so that was kind of a bummer. Also, the bed pillows are feather.  All of them.  No extra non feather pillows in the closet like other hotels and I really didn't feel like trying to track down someone to get me some.  I want everything in my room and not have to work for it.Walls are paper thin we could hear our neighbors cell phone going off during the wee hours of the morning, and it took them awhile to answer, same thing with the alarm clock the next morning at 6:30 am.  seriously  needs better walls, and while we're at it insulated windows.  We had the unfortunate luck of staying in the part of the hotel facing the airport, hearing airplanes all night and even a siren and motorcycle or 2 even though we were on the 26th floor.Also, the hotel is not well organized and there aren't many food options as far as something small and quick or a little something to hold you over until dinner.  Food court had a Nathan's Hot dog and McDonald's.  Another random hallway on the way to the parking garage had a cookie/bakery place where everything looked icky and coffee wasn't that great.  The sandwich we got at the Stage Deli was good, but the menu options were limited.Also,There is a nice advertisement for the spa, but no prices, and the spa closes at 8.  We walked all the way to the other end of the property, to find they were closed, gated off, and no price list anywhere.  Walked all the way back to the concierge desk, oops they close up at 9.  Seriously?  The concierge had even left us a message saying if we needed anything, contact them.  No such luck.  Asked the employee who stands in the lobby and directs you to check in if they knew the prices, nope.   ARGH!  Very frustrating!  I saved some loot, but seriously MGM you lost out.Signs around the property are confusing, I know its probably on purpose to keep you wandering around the casino, but seriously, pissing me off while I'm trying to find something isn't going to make me want to plop down at a table and start gambling.
3	Good: Good prices for being on the Las Vegas strip granted it's at the beginning of the strip. Able to do express checkout without need to go to the counter. Next to the Monorail.Bad: Had room with 2 Queen beds, the room was average, the hotel had casino smoke smell more present that other hotels on the strip. To check in takes awhile.Summary: If your looking to have a ok room with good prices but want to be on the Las Vegas strip the MGM will work.
4	3 night visit 11/22-11/25 Queen Bungalow room. I picked MGM Grand because of the great deal they were offering. It was a breeze checking in at the airport it took a total of about 2 minutes, although the lady at the desk seemed bored and offered no information about transportation or how to find our room. The room itself was nice but nothing exciting for the price it was clean, confortable and quite had a great view of Hooters yikes! The beds were as great as I had read very nice to sleep in. Oh how I wish they had a in room coffee pot! If you are flying on Southwest airlines there is a area in the main lobby by the baggage area ( don't blink or you well miss it) where they well print your boarding pass 24 hours before the flight and well check your bags until up to 3 hours before your flight . it is open 7 am until 3 pm. The reviews I read before the trip were pretty much spot on for the MGM. Helpful hint I used was to take a taxi vs the shuttle which charge $15.00 a person the taxi cost $11.00 plus tip to the hotel and $9.00 plus tip back to the airport. The taxi stands are not in the same area as the other transportation they are across the other side of baggage claim . Also if you are seeing a show at the hotel let the ticket agents know you are a hotel guest they don't automatically ask. For example KA was 40% off a big saving, I bought the least expensive seats $70.00 each was in row JJ and could see everything perfectly. Hope you enjoy your stay.
3	If you've seen one, you've seen them all. I think all the casinos use the same architect. Nothing great here but I should mention that the room service was excellent.
3	We stayed for 3 nights with a good Expedia priceWe stayed in the west wing which was very quietThe room was nice with a comfortable king bed Nice shower with good water prsssure,  we didn't like the fact there is no coffee maker in the room However there are Many good food choices at MGM grand or nearby  Inside the MGM we ate at Shibuya For Thanksgiving dinner we chose Smith & Wollensky which is within a few minutes walking distance.We ate very good $3.95 breakfast at almost next door Mexican cantinaFor entertainment we  watched the excellent David Copperfield show & i was lucky to be invited onto the stage & be a small part of the show.The pool area is huge with many choicesMy biggest complaint is that on the weekend it costs $25 per person to use the gym what a rip off!!!!!!!!We found all staff to be well trained & very helpfulWe would stay here again if price was in the same range
4	I stayed at the MGM Grand while in Las Vegas and I must say I was satisfied with the room and the room service.  The trip from the airport to the hotel was less than 6 minutes and that is a big plus for me.  I loved all the stores and restaurants and I especially enjoyed the $35 credit we received to eat at many of the restaurants.  The MGM Grand is running a promotional special of staying 2 nights and 3rd night is free. This hotel is right by the south end of the strip and has transportation that will get you to the Las Vegas Outlet Mall.
4	MGM Grand is now the second largest hotel/resort complex in the world now behind the Venetian/Palazzo (Which is considered one resort).  They consider the three buildings of The Signature at MGM Grand and The Mansion at MGM Grand to be apart of the resort as well.....but I am only reviewing the main hotel.Now, I booked MGM Grand for four days in September of 2009 and I believe I can give a solid un-biased review.The Room: I was booked into room 18-124.  Which is room 124 on the 18th floor.  Our room was facing the pool and towards Boulder Highway.  The first thing I noticed is that the room was quite nice considering the negative reviews I've read on Yelp and TripAdvisor.  The queen bed I had was VERY comfortable and each day I woke up I didn't want to get out of the bed.  The bed was far superior to the one at Mandalay Bay where I stayed in June.....and that was hard to beat.The room had a nice flat screen LCD TV......but it was in what I refer to as a TV coffin.  Armoires are tacky in my opinion and especially when you jam a very nice flat screen in it.  It would have been better served mounted on the wall.  No biggie, it was nice considering the basic rooms at the Bellagio still contain the older CRT Tube Televisions.  The bathroom was smaller than I had anticipated but that was no issue really.  The sink had a crack in it, but did not effect the use of it.  I kept in mind this resort was built in 1993 and even after remodeling things are bound to have some flaws.  I personally feel that the room was worth what I paid.  ($55 per night)The Food: Now the offer I got with my room included 3 free buffets per day, per person.  I will review the buffet separately, but lets just say the buffet is average.  On the final day I had booked a separate promo which gave me a $50 resort credit.  Since I wasn't interested in seeing any shows or going to the Spa or retail stores, I used this at Wolfgang Puck's restaurant.  I feel that Wolfgang Puck's was delicious, albeit the servings were VERY small.  I had the Maine Crab cakes which are no longer served on their menu.  The price was $20 for 4 silver dollar sized crab cakes.  Not a good value, but very delicious.   I would come here again even with the prices I don't like because it meal was delightful.Gambling:  Here is where MGM Grand and I differ in our views.  I am a low roller.  I have plenty of cash, but when I gamble or play in a casino I don't like to throw all my money on the table.  I am in Vegas for the food, the sights and the shows.  The gambling part is another factor.  MGM Grand has average limits at most times, but if you want good odds the price goes up on the minimums.  Not once did I see a $5 blackjack table..........and I can understand that because if you put out a $5 BJ Table that pays 3:2 with 6-deck shoe,H17, Late Surrender, and Resplitting Aces......the house edge of 0.46%.  Which is a theoretical/expected loss of 46 cents per $100 played.  Now, if they had $5 tables with such rules on the strip at MGM Grand........it would not be very profitable for them.  That's why the limits jingle from $10-25 at the Pit Boss's digression. So, no blackjack here for Brian.I was able to find a $5 craps table which maintains a house edge of 1.41% and offered the strip usual x3-4-5 odds.  Not too bad, but after 6pm the minimum went up to $10-15.  Understandable.  The dealers were lukewarm and decent I suppose.  I didn't make any money playing here and had an average time.  I have more fun playing craps at the Excalibur and Tropicana though......which may shock some people.  The dealers are more energetic and funny to be around and talk to.  (See my Tropicana Review). I suppose if you have a decent bankroll the MGM Grand could be a nice place to play.........but it's a large casino floor and there are so many people here that you're just another number to the employees of the casino.  The size of the casino causes the feeling that there is a lack of personal touch or personality. Design: This place is huge.  They did an walking survey that from the main entrance on the strip all the way to your hotel room on the middle of the tower is about one mile long.  The hallways of the hotel where the rooms are located bring that feeling from the movie Vertigo by Alfred Hitchcock.  It seems like the end never comes no matter how far you walk.  It takes a long time to go from the front end to the monorail entrance or from the rooms to the buffet.Conclusion: The MGM Grand is great if you get promotion codes online.....like from Slickdeals.net or FatWallet.  MGM Grand is a nice hotel/casino.  It's size and popularity is a positive thing in my opinion.  The overall vibe of this place is positive and in a good location in my view.  I am returning for one night in February for $55 with a $100 fine dining credit at Aria in CityCenter.  SCORE!
3	I really like this place, granted it is now out dated since it was built back in 1993, but still very nice place.  The room had a nice flat screen LCD TV......but it was in what I refer to as a TV coffin.  Armoires are tacky in my opinion and especially when you jam a very nice flat screen in it.  It would have been better served mounted on the wall.  The bathroom was smaller than I had anticipated but that was no issue really.  The sink had a crack in it, but did not effect the use of it.  I kept in mind this resort was built in 1993 and even after remodeling things are bound to have some flaws.  I personally feel that the room was worth what I paid.
5	Went here for the Mayweather VS Marquez fight. I ordered a fight package through the hotel that included $75 credit to any restaurant and a add $75 credit to the spa which I never used. As soon as a walked in I was in awe the lobby was very spacious and elegant. This was the biggest hotel I ever stayed at, it took me 10 minuets to walk from my room to the arena. They have like 4 pools one of them being a club(Wet Republic) which was an amazing experience. This was my first trip to Vegas and will have to compare hotels to this one. But definably would say here again and would not be disappointed.
3	For a hotel, the MGM Grand was a fine place to lay our heads after our wild nights in Vegas (okay they weren't too wild, but still...) We got great rates because we booked early and in the winter. Also, we had NO issues with check in lines, everything went smoothly.One thing I will say is don't drink the water...it's gross, but I think that's just a Vegas thing overall. It tastes like chlorine. Stick to bottled agua if you can!The casino was pretty typical. I won $32 on the slop machines, but people sweat this casino has bad luck.The Lion exhibit was a little lacking...I thought the lions looked sad like they wanted to be set free. Lol.We dined at the Rainforest Cafe one afternoon, it was a pretty cool restaurant although a bit generic. Overall, I think the MGM Grand was like a lot of other Vegas hotels that appear to have lots of glitz and glamor, but when you pull back the curtain, it's just an average hotel! :)
2	We booked a 5-night stay (yeah, excessive for Vegas, I know!) in a room at the MGM Grand Tower. Now, I was aware that we'd saved a bit of money by booking their lower-end option. However, I don't think that justifies the lousy hotel quality.Maid service was terrible. Regardless of the "Privacy Please" sign that we hung on the door, they knocked on our door repeatedly, and would open our door if we didn't answer the knocks. Sometimes they'd stop by early enough that this woke us up or interrupted us while getting ready for brunch. To top it off, they called us on our super-loud room phone in the afternoon to confirm that we didn't want our room tidied that day.Maybe we were the ones being weird by not wanting them to come into our room for days at a time, but I think a hotel needs to be able to accommodate that. I know that you want our daily tips, but we paid for the room; let us stay in it!Finally, the elevator smelled really, really bad. When your elevator smells vaguely of sewage for one afternoon, maybe it's a bad coincidence with smelly food or some frequent farters who are staying there on the same night. When the poovator stinks up the hallway up to 20 feet away, every single night of a 5-night stay, that is no coincidence; that's negligent building maintenance.Despite the extremely smelly elevator, there were apparently cleaning staff in the Grand Tower at all hours, because we tried to sleep early on the night before our flight and were kept awake past 1 am by vacuums and other noises in the hallway.
4	MGM Grand was a nice place to stay at during my recent trip to Vegas. Rooms were nicely furnished and large. My package included free buffet meals and free slot play which was nice. I must say that the buffet was not that great (especially if you were to actually pay full price). It doesn't seem like they change their menu much. Overall there seems to be a lot to do in MGM overall. I also watched KA while I was there which was an amazing experience in it of itself. Ditto the previous comments about the water. Definitely not something you want to drink.
4	Stayed at MGM last night. The rooms were reasonable ($135/night) and very nice. I'm not sure where all the complaints about the rooms come from, or I must have just lucked out. Our room was on the 20th floor and had a king bed. Everything in the room was very nice (beds very comfortable, shower pressure great, everything immaculately clean) and we had a nice view, too. The room was definitely spacious and even had a couch and desk, definitely did not feel crammed in the slightest.We spent most of our time at this casino. It seems to have a lot going on for it and I'll do a quick run down of everything...Restaurants: They have a lot of nice fine dining restaurants. Craftsteak, Wolfgang, Joel Robuchon, etc. TIP: Mostly all of these restaurants have a "Winter Tasting Menu" going on right now, and they do the same for summer, fall, etc. It offers you a 3-4 course meal at a greatly discounted price. Some of the cheaper ones included Fiamma and Wolfgang for $45/person for 3 courses which is a steal. Definitely take advantage of that! The cheaper, more casual establishments seem to be fewer here. They have 'wichcraft, the casual sandwich place, the buffet, and a deli/restaurant. Lounges/clubs: I didn't go to any of the clubs but the bars/lounges they have around the restaurant are nice. I got two great drinks in them, one was a Lychee Martini, the other something called "The 75" which was St. Germain, champagne and lemon juice...delicious. At one of the bars the bartenders get up and dance on the tables every so often. Most of them don't have very good service, a bartender being straight out rude while we asked for the drink menu, telling us to "go find one." We left. Gambling: Well, I had no luck gambling here and blew a lot more money than I intended to. However, my family mostly all won at least over $700. I think I just have bad luck in general. Also the waitresses take a looong time to come around with drinks, but that seemed to be anywhere!
1	overpriced, ruined, old hotel.we got a rate of 109$ for a night, then when we tried to extend, the price rocketed into $149, i'm glad that i moved out and got a suite at hard rock hotel.oh did i mention about the broken escalator? the stinky elevator? and the overcrowded parking lot?will never come back
3	Although I am a Vegas veteran and have been to MGM many times, I stayed here for the first time this Christmas. We stayed in the West Wing for 2 nights. I had originally booked the very basic room, but at check in I was upgraded for free to the West Wing. (FYI - you can check in at the airport. Look for the MGM desk behind baggage claim.) The West Wing rooms were modern but small, reminding me of rooms in cities like NY and SF. The bathroom was especially cramped - no tub, little vanity space, toilet and shower separated by an opaque glass divider. We couldn't find room for the trash can without blocking the door of either the shower or the toilet closet. The room also featured a scale. Note to MGM - I don't want to weigh myself in Vegas. But I will say the West Wing is conveniently located with good signage directing you to it throughout the casino. One concern I had with MGM is that it would be too, too big, and the West Wing took you away from the monstrosity of the main hotel tower. I think MGM has one of the best sports books in Vegas, and I like the Stage Deli that is immediately next to it. The buffet was yummy (my surprising favorite selection? brussel sprouts!) and the food court had a Nathan's Hot Dogs! The pedestrian bridge between MGM and NYNY is a handy way to get to the other side of the strip. I'm convinced the lions on display are drugged, but interestingly the motorized alligator at the Rainforest Cafe seemed to be a more popular attraction. As far as fine dining, the selection there is growing. I've eaten at Emeril's place there and enjoyed it, but it was ten years ago so I don't feel I'm qualified to give a thorough review. The resident Cirque show, KA, is excellent. In a nutshell - MGM is a solid, albeit nothing special, choice.
4	i was incredibly happy with the price i paid for the rooms here ($72/night).  being that it was the holiday season and all, i was nervous about having to spend over $100+ a night for a hotel right on the strip, but luckily i found an online deal.  yay for our wallet and also double yay for impressing the out of country relatives with the grand lobby.  it wasn't bellagio or anything, but apparently big hotels like the ones in las vegas don't exist in new zealand- so it doesn't take much to impress them.check in was a breeze, and the lady was even nice enough to make sure that the rooms i ordered were right next to each other.  this particular hotel is a little far from certain sights [like the bellagio fountains] and you kind of have to traverse shadier areas in order to get to the miracle mile shops... but with a few younger kids in tow, all they really wanted to see was the m'm and coca cola store [which is right next to the hotel]... so that's good!will probably stay here again if i get another good deal.  everything was clean and tidy- i had no problems at all during our stay!
4	Stayed here for NYE and for UFC 108. Check in was simple and quick...even with the crazy amount of people that were crowding the lobby. I was able to get a roll away bed and extra towels from housekeeping in under 15 minutes. My bed was comfy and the room was clean. A little small but overall pretty sweet. I had a great view of the strip from my room too. A bit on the pricey side but hey...NYE on the strip and in the hotel thats hosting UFC....what do you expect?? Valet was quick....but when I tried to self park OMG!! Too many crazy people this weekend to find a spot. The Rouge Bar had $25 cocktails on NYE. It was 32oz and you could choose anything you wanted...they poured heavy and 1 was all it took for me to ring in the new year right. Lots of good eats, good drinks and friendly staff. I will stay here again :-) Thanks MGM!
4	So I also stayed here for 3 nights, 4 days. The rooms were clean roomy and good smelling and since my friends spoke spanish they were able to get a few extra towels, pillows, ice bucket, toiletries from the maids (we tipped of course).The place was crowded, yet the staff was almost anticipating every single question you had for them, well except a snotty, blondish filipina looking cocktail waitress who totally ignored me a few times after I asked her to please grab me some beers on a quiet 5am morning while I play some slots.I still give this place 4 stars even though I totally showed them a lot of love(wasted money) on their slots.If you want to be on the plus side when gambling on slots. Or wanna play roulette with only a 5 dollar minimum you HAVE TO GO TO THE OLD CASINOS in DOWNTOWN(6 miles north on I-15, exit downtown sign to exit at casino city center. People have mentioned this over and over but not a lot of tourist when they get to Vegas ever make it off the strip. That's where my friends and I spent and Won the only money we gambled.The self parking at MGM is a nightmare if you don't take the basement escalator from the main lobby. The "roll away" bed is very comfortable. The open bottle/open container while on the strip outside is LEGAL. So I ended up walking the strip or on the casino floors with plenty whole bottles of Moet champagne in hand and the cops or casino secuirty could care less.Tabu nightclub and Studio 54 nightclub both located at MGM are free to get into as long as you have your MGM room key, have an I.D. +21 and at least get in from 10p-12p. Once you have your stamp you can go in and out. (Easier to get free liquor on the casino floor) these clubs have standard very pricey drinks.
4	**CASINO ONLY**You know...I have never stayed here.  But I sure have given this casino a tidy pile of money over the years.  Still, I enjoy coming here all the time.  The dealers are pretty swell and on this particular occasion, the cocktail waitress was coming back very frequently.  She was nice too.Also, if you dudes want to treat yourself to something before you blow your wad of dough on gambling, get a shoe shine.  The rumor is that for $10 ($7 plus tip), you can get a million dollar shine.  BEST DEAL ON THE STRIP!
3	An oldie but goodie when it comes to restaurants and shows but not the best place to stay for too long if you don't like the smoke. The hotel is somewhat old (propbably why it's so smokey in there) but it's still filled with asians.  Generally I only come to the MGM for it's food (Shibuya) or it's shows (Ka) otherwise the smoke is a little too much for me.
2	The Palazzo spoiled me. On the dark side:- Slow elevators- Horrible elevator music  - No flatscreens- 40 +/- channels - One full length mirror in the bathroom only- The duvet cover was GHETTO - it didn't even fully wrap around the comforter and it was white - WTF.- Jacked up shower head with very low water pressure- Bad hallway lighting- 35 minute room service- No iPod dock - it's 2010 people!- Man and I's bed was on a slant - his side of the bed sunk in as my side rose up- No automatic curtains - just kiddingOn the bright side:- Check-in was quick- Elevators were close by- Great strip location- Lions were ADORABLE- Good view - $75.00 per night
4	I never stayed here, but I came to see the comedy show one time.  There's something to be said about the glitz and glamour, and the design of this place.  The cocktail waitresses were nice and friendly.  I'd come here again.R.I.P. George Garlin.
4	I went for Valentine's day in 2008 and because I'm a modern & contemporary kinda guy, this modern & contemporary kinda hotel was my kinda place :) The room was flossy with all the glitz & glamour you'd expect: Stainless steel, Glass, Stone, TV in the mirror, flat screens, sexy walk in shower, a view, etc. Really good for setting a romantic mood if that's what your goal is.The restauants and shops are handy, parking is free & of course the gambling is there for those that's into that kinda thing (me).  If you're looking for a nice place to stay off the strip, this is one of the best.
1	This place is ginormous, and dingy if you ask me. We asked if we could get an upgrade due to it being our honeymoon, and we wanted to pay for it.. so they gave us a discount- great.. um really... a suite?! it had old bed linens, an old bed and an old tv with a swivel to have it be in the bedroom or "living room". The room reeked of smoke and we called and complained.. after realizing this is only for one night, we sucked it up. not only were the places to eat, horrible. but the hotel itself was a hassle. The lion exhibit was actually cool, but the people who run the gift store had a serious attitude, if you dont like your job, quite and don't be in "sales". We left and went out other than staying in that hotel, it was totally not worth the money at all. The charged us the wrong rate and we had to wait to get the refund. Then when they send me a survey after we stayed, we filled it out and within a couple weeks got something in the mail saying we can have a free stay when we come back. I think not.They could comp my entire stay and I couldnt bother. Next time Im gonna try the mgm grand in my home state of CT I bet its more updated and nicer.
2	This was the hotel I stayed at for my 21st birthday and I almost think that was the last time as well and to be honest I don't think I really notice much of a difference in their gaming, amentities, or layout. The rooms to this hotel really reminded me of a Holiday Inn or something of that caliber.
4	This place is beautiful! I thoroughly enjoyed my walk through and time spent here. They have nice shops, a place for getting tattooed, nice restaurants, and fun attractions like Cirque du Soleil and CSI Experience!  I will be back next time.
5	MGM is my favorite hotel in las vegas just because i've stayed here so many times its like home to me. The rooms are a little bigger then your avg room size.
5	My wife and I stay at the MGM several times per year as it is our favorite place to stay while in Vegas.  I can't imagine what rooms some of the other reviewers have stayed in.  We have never had a substandard room. They have several different types of rooms to choose from.  We are frequent visitors so we always get some nice free upgrades and very nice rooms.  We have only stayed in a West Tower room on a couple of occasions. They are small rooms, but extremely modern and contemporary. They have flatscreen tv's as well as a tv built in behind the mirror in the bathroom. We typically get a suite and find them to always be extremely clean and updated and comfortable.  Most of the mattresses in the nicer rooms are Serta Perfect Day units.  These are about 4k mattresses and are very good quality, and most people find them very comfortable. After staying several times we ended up buying one for our home.The MGM is fairly large, but easy to navigate once you know the layout.  Compared to many other strip properties the walkways are very wide.  The Studio Walk is where some of the fine dining restaurants are located, as well as some of the more casual dining choices.  The array of dining choices is one of the reasons we really enjoy the MGM.  From fine dining to a quick bite or snack there are ample choices.We have always found the elevators to be very fast, and haven't even noticed the music.  Check in is always fast and efficient, and they offer express in-room checkout, which is nice.  The concierge's have always been very helpful with getting show tickets and making suggestions.The poker room is very nice, as is the sports book.  The casino is vibrant and clean.  I have never been in any bathroom that wasn't spotlessly clean, even when the property is extremely busy.  All of the staff that we have interacted with have been great.There are some nice lounges and bars to choose from, each with their own vibe.Though we've tried many other properties in Vegas, the MGM remains our favorite.
1	I would not stay here again. Don't get me wrong, the hotel met my needs, but was really lacking in the cleanliness department.  My west wing room looked jazzy enough, but the carpeting was stainedThere was a drink glass that stayed in our room for all 4 days dirty. They never removed it.. The shower was tough and go with hot water, which sucked. The hallways were stained and constantly littered with trays and debris. The elevators were equally filthy, with stained floors, dirty walls and doors. The bell service was great, never waited for check-in or a cab.Too many other hotels in Vegas to waste time here again.
4	great hotel, clean, large rooms with awesome views.delicious buffet downstairs.friendly concierge.one flaw - very thin walls - we could hear the people next door partying at all hours.
4	Not much to complain about.  Friendly staff, nice rooms, a huge selection of fantastic restaurants, decent casino, and a great location as the entry to the Strip. I look forward to going back during the warmer months, to try out their pools -- I've heard they are really nice. My only complaint was the slightly rude bellhop that gave me attitude for the tip I gave him.
4	As crazy as it sounds, I had never been to Vegas until last August. The MGM Grand is where I stayed during that trip to celebrate a friend's 30th birthday. The folks at the check-in were pretty cool, and the guy who checked us in (I honestly can't remember his name, but he had a strong Italian accent) seemed like a sincerely jolly fellow. Our stay did start off a little oddly, because the only room they had available for my friend and I was a handicapped-accessible room on the first floor. Our jovial Italian check-in guy informed us that we had a good chance of upgrading our room the next day, and he was right...we stayed in that handicapped-accessible room our first night there, and upgraded to a better room the next morning. And in case you were wondering, the most notable details about that handicapped accessible room were that it had a sliding door for the bathroom, a higher toilet and a low shower head in said bathroom, and a table that was a little lower than a usual hotel room table. Other things I liked about the MGM Grand:- the lions exhibit was pretty cool.- the mini-mall on the lower level of the hotel...I wish that I had more time to explore that area while I was staying there. - the wheelchair service they provided for my homie (the one who was celebrating his birthday), when he got too drunk at a club and couldn't make it back to our room under his own power. I would have helped him up, but dude outweighs me by about 40 lbs. Plus I was pretty faded at the time too, and it would have been tough to help him up all the way to our 4th floor room. Props to the security guys who helped us out with that...I thought they were gonna be a-holes, but both of them were cool about it and said they were used to handling situations like that at the hotel. - the view from our room was AWESOME.There wasn't much that i disliked about the MGM Grand, but like one of the other reviewers said, the walls (not to mention the doors) are pretty thin. On our last night there, I could hear kids yelling and running up and down the halls near our room. When it's 4 in the morning, and you're trying to sleep off a hangover on the night before you check out, that's one of the last things you want to hear. I would definitely stay here again. 4 stars, yo.
2	I stayed here for a convention, and despite its majesty from outside, the inside is showings its age.First, the front desk is very fast and helpful, but the place nickles and dimes you for everything. I had a package sent to the casino, they charged me a $7 receiving fee... WTF!?The casino floor is nothing special from the myraid of slot machines and gambling tables.. Rouge (bar) was a lot of fun just to hang out but the most annoying thing was that no mattter where you went, there were people handing out 'free passes' to the other night club.. By the time i made it to the elevators, i  had already been hit 4 times and had 10 free passes.So the rooms, were typical, big bathroom and mine had a very nice view of the airport and the 'pink airplane'.Now the negatives, and one is of the 'eww' factor.First, I rate a hotel on the comfort of the bed, and shower head and just general amenities.First the bed, was very comfortable, but after the first night, i noticed that there was a smell coming from somewhere... I sniffed around, and it turned out to be one of the pillows, which absolutely smelled like puke.. I threw it on the floor and put a note on it for the cleaning crew titled "This pillow smells like vomit, thank you very much".It was promptly changed the next morning.The second thing, and one of my wierd quirks about hotels are the shower heads. In an attempt to SAVE water they put these water saving heads on them, which really cause you to stay in longer, perhaps not saving any water at all. Mine was like a freakin water jet... Yes it had good coverage, but the pressure going through the nozzle was actually a little painful. You can't adjust the water pressure from the faucet because its one of those Cold[----------]Hot types and the head itself had no controls, so five nights of 'deal with it'Lastly, the rooms are in need of just general maintenance. The faucet to the sinks liked (out of the handles), and the TV is a staticy analog tve with crappy display. I bought a movie and had to turn it off because the display was so distorted.There is better... The 'signature' suites are really nice, but i will not be returning to the old-school MGM, there is better out there.
3	I'll give you the best tip off the bat, don't stay in a west wing room.Sure it's newer, has a more modern design, but what they forget to mention is that it's about a mile away from the elevators.  Also for a 'modern room', you can't hide a 20" CRT style tv inside a box and trick people into believing it's a flat screen tv.  it's like putting lipstick on a pig.With that aside, the MGM isn't all bad.  good restaurants, solid strip location and when they have some specials, it's a pretty solid deal.  we had an offer for 129 for sat night and it came with a $100 dining credit at Aria.  Overall it's a solid choice and a slight notch above bally's and monte carlo but not quite as nice as the mirage...but it beats the embarrassment of telling your friends you stayed at the imperial palace or the jockey club
5	The MGM Grand hotel and casino is by far the best hotel and casino in Las Vegas! Every time I visit Vegas I make it a point to all my friends and family that I will only stay at the MGM. From the hotel side the staff is very friendly and will try their best to accommodate your every need. This truly is one of the classiest places in Vegas and it is worth every penny. The rooms are beautiful and decorated stupendously. The views from some of the room are breathtaking and every time I sleep in one of their massive king sized beds I wake up feeling like a million bucks, even after I lose at the black jack tables! They let me check in early and check out late and will even hold onto your luggage if you would like to hang around Vegas the day of your flight but did not pay for another night. The price per night is not too expensive as long as you book in advance and possibly book as a package. The average per night when I have gone has been around $80 which isn't bad when you have 2-4 people splitting the cost.The casino aspect of this place is just as good. The poker room is my favorite in all of Vegas from the high quality poker chips to the amazing race track designed poker tables. The dealers are good and most of them have worked there for many years. The poker room provides games for virtually any skill level starting at $2-$4. They also host a variety of tournaments including SnG and regular buy-in tournament structures. The chairs you play in are fit for a king and there is a bar right next to it that plays some nice music. The poker room is also surrounded by flat screens for the sports enthusiasts. When I go to Vegas to play poker I make sure this is my first stop!The table games are great as well. This casino is decently sized and features many tables of different games for different bank roll sizes. Most casinos will have either higher limits or tiny ones but the MGM provides a nice middle ground for those looking to have a blast. Last time I came here I cleaned up at the roulette and black jack tables and payed for my trip!I will be back in Vegas in a couple of months and I can not wait to visit my home away from home, the MGM Grand.
3	I always have a place in my heart for this place... it was one of the first casinos I stayed at when I first visited Vegas. I love the pool complex because of the lazy river. All my friends know my obsession with it. It is still not a bad place, but some parts of the hotel are showing their age. On one of my recent visits, I was given a "celebrity suite", sounds nice... jacuzzi in the bathroom etc... wow let me tell you something, this place was awesome and amazing if the year was 1992. Thats the last time I think anything modern was placed in this room. And they gave me a room way up on the 4th floor, so my view outside was of the parking lot and right under the window was a giant green spotlight... nice!Aside from this, I was somewhat content with this place. I feel like they need a major renovation soon but for now, it's still A- OK!
3	We had a mini winter vacation in Las Vegas right after new year.  We decided to stay at MGM Grand Las Vegas because we found a great deal.  The rate is only $51 per night, and they even offered $100 dining credit at the new Aria in the City Center!  It was like staying at the hotel for free!We left Los Angeles around 2pm and arrived at the hotel around 6:30pm.  They still had the Christmas decoration with the famous lion in the lobby.  The hotel and casino was a bit empty, but it was a Sunday night.Our room is on the 17th floor.  A king sized bed took up most of the space in the room.  Initially we thought the room was nice when we first arrived.  But then we found out the pillows were really uncomfortable.  It was hard, stiff, with lumps of things inside, and the fabric made Dr. P's face itched.  I woke up with stiff neck and soar shoulders.  And the room was noisy.  I could hear people talking and walking up and down the hallway in the middle of the night.  In the morning we were awaken by the vacuum noise from the housekeeping staffs working in the hallway.A simple desk and a cabinet with a small TV inside.  I like that they have Taiwanese CTI-TV channel.  The wall was decorated with old photos of movie stars.  Some pictures were nice, but I personally don't like the ones that having the people in the photos starring at me.Bathroom was pretty spacious.  On one side is the standard sink. On the other side is a small bathtub with shower head. Ok.... I don't like their toilet seat.  It felt really cold and hard... just uncomfortable.  And I dislike their toilet paper even more.  It was single ply and had very rough texture.  Fine, I have baby soft butt and I NEED soft and smooth toilet paper.  Is that too much to ask?  haha....This was the view from our room.  We could see Hooters Casino across the street, and Mandalay Bay in the distance.MGM is a nice casino, but I don't think it's a nice hotel.  I really don't need too much for a hotel room because I only go to the room to sleep and use the bathroom.  All I need is a comfortable bed and a comfortable bathroom, and MGM Grand lacks both.  I was happy that we got a really good deal on the room with the free dining credit, but I probably won't stay at MGM Grand again.
3	Hate to give the MGM only 3 stars but there's a reason why the place is only 3 1/2 stars to begin with!Soooooo, we decide to go there as a group of 4 guys for the NFL Playoffs to show some action (all good looking guys I might add, no homosexuality intended) and since we're in Vegas, we decided it was time to BALL OUT OF CONTROL so we got the Marquee Suite.  Check the photos on Google but it hides the truth...After checking into VIP services downstairs we pass through the main floor and up the elevators to our room.  The hallway was only about 2,000 feet to our room (why so long?) but our room was at the end of the hallway for a reason.  Every room from left to right was one-single wooden door but ours was the last room - two double frenchwood doors.  You know how we do it!Went in the room -Pro's:  2 full size bedroomsElectronic safe for possessionsAll glass shower in the main bathroom, probably 500 sq feet with 4 shower heads (in case you have lady friends with you) Conference room table in the main hall with 10 chairs around itFull barMarble floorAll glass windows overlooking the cityKrispy Kreme Donuts are produced downstairs, hot and ready to eat!!Con'sThe TV in the room (and I'm not exaggerating) was 22 inches.  22 INCHES IN OUR ROOM AND WE WE'RE TRYING TO WATCH THE NFL PLAYOFFS!!!!!!!!!!They had a surround sound system that wasn't loud at all (probably so idiots don't blare their music at night while people are sleeping)A bottle of Remy XO was $600.00 - understandableThe main bathroom was beautiful and the "other" guest bathroom was porcelain and white, very cheapDuring half time if you wanted to place a bet, you had to run out of your room, down the hallway of death, through the long elevator ride, and you were probably into mid-way third quarter by the time you got to the betting stations downstairs.  The marble floor ended after you got into the doorway and then it was cheap carpetThe furniture was looked like it was probably $500.00Plus again, you had to watch the damn game on a shitty TV.All this for $1,200.00 a night.If you're a younger crowd, you don't want to be here.  The Palms crushes the soul of the MGM for partying, we went to Rains Nightclub at the Palms and chilled second level where you'll rub shoulders with a lot stars and the decor was much more inviting.  The MGM was kind of dark but classyish.We told VIP services on our checkout day that this room was a joke for the money and they gave us free hour-massages and spa treatment downstairs.  The only great thing I can say if your staying here is make 100% sure that you go to their spa because you shower before your massage, you relax your muscles in a jacuzzi with bubbles that's as big as a swimming pool (I'm not kidding), then you go into a room with TV's (so that you don't miss your games) and then you get your massage treatment.  If the best part about you staying here is the massage, I'm sure you can find better casinos to stay at!  Especially if your coming out of the pocket BIG MONEY.   If your style is sophistication and class, I would suggest the Venetian.  If you're all about partying and forgetting what day it is, go to the Palms.  (Oh, and if you click on the MGM to leave a review, you'll see three photographs at the bottom that ask you how helpful they are.  The middle one with the white porcelain sink is what you get for $1,200.00.  Thanks MGM!)
4	I don't know why people are complaining so much about this place. You're in the casino/hotel that pretty much kicked off the super resort concept. The rooms are clean and majority have nice views of the strip. I love the buffet at this place. It is a bit out dated because it doesnt have major shops like Caesars or Planet Hollywood, but who cares? You can just take a cab there.You're in vegas, baby. You got a bed and a city of sin outside!
4	I used to try a new hotel every time I visited Vegas but I've stuck to the MGM Grand the last five times I went. Two words: LAZY RIVER. More on that in a second. "In this economy?" You know what I mean? You're stressed and need a vacation but you're broke. You don't want to stay at a recoil-enducing dump. Enter MGM Grand. I keep getting emails from them with these stupid deals: Around $70 a night with a few extra perks like club admission and $25 free play thrown in. Come on. Really? Of course I'm going to get in on that action. The only negative things I have to say about this hotel is that checking in is a friggin bear and the food options are nothing to write home about. Other than that, the rooms are comfortable and clean, it's centrally located and it has THE LAZY RIVER. I'm not even kidding, I have spent hours floating in that thing with a bloody Mary in my hand. Stress? What stress? If you don't like lazy rivers (what is WRONG with you?) there are, like, 156 other pools too choose from, including the salt water pools at Wet Republic. OH! And there's a Fat Tuesday's there. Get the pineapple amaretto yard and thank me later.
2	My husband and I stayed here for two nights, complementary, for  Superbowl weekend. So the room was free and I probably don't have room to bitch, but I will. :)What I look for in a good room: Bed. Shower. TV.Good:Comfy and plentiful pillows on a comfy bed: Check and check. mattress was soft yet firm, and the feather pillows were large and billowy. Nothing but love for the bed.Bad:I understand the need to save water in the desert, but there are better ways to do it besides this circa 1987 showerhead with one speed: firehose. The whole bathroom could definitely could use an update, and one of those showerrods that bows out so the nasty shower curtain doesn't stick to you the moment you touch it. Reminded me of a Days Inn in downtown Richmond (not the good part.)TV: Ehhhh.... a hulk of a tube television that was impossible to shove back into the cabinet. We're generally in Vegas twice a year, and while where we stay is contingent upon who gives us the most comps, I will be avoiding MGM Grand in the future.
3	I used to love MGM Grand, but we went last July and it has gone down hill. I guess MGM group cares more about opening the MGM City Center than keeping up the MGM Grand. MGM Grand was a top spot in Vegas, but things change extremely fast in Vegas. Next time we're only staying at Venetian, Palazzo, Wynn, or Encore. That is the best part of the strip now.
4	Great price. We paid a very low price for going here in August 2009. I think it was only like $60 a night? For being an old hotel, the MGM Grand is still mighty impressive. The service there is amazing - they get you things when you need it quickly. It's also a convenient location on the strip.The only reason I did not rate this a 5 star is because when we got there, they gave us rooms that were very far apart, and on a higher floor. This is because they were profiling us based on age. If you have a Players Card with a significant # of points, you get free upgrades and comped rooms too. Too bad I did not have such a status at that time, which leads me to lose a star of respect!Overall: I would highly recommend the MGM to those who don't need to go as upscale to Bellagio.
2	Our options were Vdara or Aria but we decided to give MGM a shot since the name has spoken for itself throughout the years... Soooooooooooooooo, we were a group of 4 friends from the East coast and went to Vegas for the World Series Rugby tournament..When we arrived we were shocked when we saw the tube TV, no refridgerator/microwave and internet access unless u paid extra $!@#$%^&*. Old wall mounts and paintings and carpet..our room was of course 3 miles away from the elevators.' Room service was OK, but one day they cleaned the room and did not offer clean towels...we had to call 12 hrs later...they left one bar of soap no refills on toilet tissue..the blue/blk pillow is very disgusting do not lay ur head on it!.. When we got the fridge it was an old old old one, that was delivered on an old Formica cart which ended up taking too much of our room space...en left our drinks frozen...again at an extra charge.....We could not warm up leftovers as having a microwave is also extra $ any-who....... PROS You get the Vegas feel on the main floor with all the gaming machines The lions The buffet is clean. Location CONS No variety at the buffet No free Internet, fridge,microwave Old TV The bartender at the Centrifuge.....very rude! They change bed linen every 3 days of your stay! Wall decor pre historic age! It is just soooo overrated......not worth the $... Next time i would go for the newer hotels Aria, Vdara..and the soon to be Cosmopolitan... What does MGM mean? My Gross Motel?????????????/
1	I know this is a funny thing to say about a hotel in Vegas, but if you plan on sleeping AT ALL, do not stay here.The trip to the MGM began with a dip in the lazy river. If you don't feel like having beer cans thrown at you by large groups of frat boys, do not swim here. If you are a large group of frat boys and want to find a pool where you can bring your beer in, never get out to pee, and party with your dude friends, while throwing beer cans at passing ladies (me), this is your spot!You can also party LOUDLY the entire night through, trash your room, and run screaming through the halls. They love that at MGM! This is your place, for sure.After we complained to the front desk twice at 4AM and again at 4:30AM that our neighbors were literally screaming and banging on the walls, they said (AND I QUOTE), "if you complain again, we're not going to do anything about it."The next morning, we told the manager what the person on the phone had said to us. The MANAGER said, "well, ma'am, we cater to a certain type of demographic, and we do a fine business that way."They comped us two beers for our trouble.
4	We were fortunate enough to get a booking through an employee and so secured great rates for three nights over the USA Sevens weekend in Feb. A cheeky email a couple of days before got us an upgrade before we'd arrived.We opted for the Primo offer during check in. We knew we'd easily spend the money between 5 of us in two rooms and so the added perks were effectively free! We were offered another upgrade as a result too!The rooms were great. Huge in comparison to some on the strip. We're not too fussy so we were happy campers. Our rooms were next to each other too, which helped.Being a huge resort, the MGM really does everything you need in it, to an extent. The range of food, drinking and gambling options is immense and it helped the Primo perks were extended to the other MGM owned properties on the strip too.The rugby sevens were a great addition to an already exciting town. Rugby, gambling and drinking in Sin City? The perfect combo for us!The only downside we experienced were the paper thin walls. At the rare times we were actually trying to get some sleep, we could hear everything from the adjacent rooms. Having said that, they'd have heard everything we got up to as well!
2	Came here Friday for my birthday and it was crappy from the beginning. We walked into our room and they had not cleaned it. There were peoples bags and clothes all over the place. The bathroom was disgusting so we went back down to get another room. They comped us a free buffet which was not enough to make up for moving us to a room with a crappier view. Probably will not stay here again. The casino is boring compared to places like Planet Hollywood.
4	The only downside to this hotel is it's size. I say downside because one night I was really drunk, I was frustrated because I wanted to get back to my room, it seemed like a mile to the elevator, and I was doing this in heels I had been walking on for 7 hours (it's Vegas you are suppose to be out late and get your party on). MGM has it all! A fantastic restaurant assortment, great bars (my favorite casino bar is Centrefuge), huge casino, big pool complex (two words - lazy river), and fun nightlife. For you foodies (like I am) Joel Robuchon has 2 restaurants there, as well as, James Beard, Michael Mina, Tom Colicchio offer their take on fine dining. When I've stayed there the rooms were spotless and the staff more than helpful.
2	Let me start by saying that I would have given the casino alone a 3 . . . but unfortunately the casino gets rated with a hotel that I won't stay in again.CASINO...Very elegant, in keeping with the theme.  And HUGE.  It's pretty much _too_ big; it's easy to get lost inside regardless of the plentiful signage and any cockiness you may have about a sense of direction.  There's an excellent selection of restaurants throughout, but nearly all on the extremely expensive side.  Also, despite the size of the place, it's somewhat cramped and airless by all the machines, tables, and people crammed inside (and searching for a door...).HOTEL...Slowest.  Check in.  Ever.  The desk had a full complement of staff, but each employee across the board was taking 10-15 minutes per customer.  I wondered if this might just be overkill on customer service, or maybe even slow computers (I was ready to give benefit of the doubt), until my turn at the front of my line when I discovered that no, it was just slow staff.Each floor of the hotel is beautiful and airy, especially the central area near the elevators from which the spokes of the hallways radiate.  The rooms are . . . okay.  They're rooms.  Simple, but nicely decorated.  The pictures on the walls are nicely framed black & white photos of stars of stage and screen.  (Some are a bit dark and creepy, but most are nice.)  But the feel is _old_.  The fixtures are not ageing well, from chipped, scarred, and stained chairs, to chipped, scarred, and stained bathroom fixtures.  (I was a little concerned about the toilet.)  The beds are beautiful and supremely comfortable, but otherwise I definitely felt let down by the quality -- I just expected much more.  Plus, for a non-smoking floor, there was a constant definite smell of cigarette smoke in my room.Overall does the job as a hotel, but the old-school Tinseltown elegance has definitely faded.  With all the other options around, I won't stay here again.
5	Vegas is all about being extravagant and over the top and this is exactly how I felt about the MGM Grand.  We walked over here from Bally's, which wasn't really that far.  I didn't really read much about the MGM before we came and had no idea how big the hotel/casino were!  My goodness, it was really overwhelming!  We actually got lost trying to get out of the casino back to the strip.  We checked into a Celebrity Spa Suite for our one night at the hotel.  The room was very spacious and decorated well. The Gustav Klimt prints and the bronze wallpaper were sophisticated embellishments. Our view of the East and the airport was magnificent, night and day.  I'm going to be honest, we got the room for the hot tub and we were not disappointed.  However, I was worried about slipping while getting in and out of the tub.  We didn't, but I wish there were steps or a better railing to help get into the tub.  For the price, we got a great room.  The MGM is a really neat hotel.  I was not really impressed with the lion habitat and I liked the location of Bally's better (because it was located in the middle of the strip).  But I would come back because the hotel is truly grand and I love Vegas!
3	The MGM is perfectly acceptable, thus the three star review. (We stayed in the main tower on the 9th floor)  The rooms have nothing to wow you, but they're mostly clean and quiet. Unlike many reviews I read, the elevators were seriously some of the fastest elevators I've ever used.  WAAAY faster then the place I work or any apartment building I've ever lived in.There's a bunch of celebrity chef restaurants as well as the standard Cirque du Soleil show.  We tried a few places in the casino, but my personal favorite was Diego's in the Studio Walk.The casino itself is safe, open and clean with only the occasional stinky smoker cloud hanging about.  The cocktail waitresses are few and far between, so drinks at the slots come SLOW.  Don't expect to be catered to even when leaving a good tip, they've just got too much ground to cover.The room rates are a bit more reasonable then some other spots on the strip.  Check in was a breeze and all the staff I dealt with were great.Negatives: the rooms are all marked sell-by 1989. The television is a big honkin tube with about five worthwhile channels and an unexplained assortment of Asian-language selections. The furniture is fine, but is certainly late 1980's. There are some shoddy linens here and there, our bedspread had what looked like pizza stains on the outside and our sheets were shredded up in one part.  Also noticed some crust on a few towels.  To me, it looked like someone left gunks of self-tanner on a sheet that didn't come out in the wash (so I wouldn't expect that to be common).Our shower head was busted up and it wouldn't work without also dumping a bathtub full of water into the tub at the same time. The main light in the bathroom was out and the second light periodically failed to work.  We called the front desk and it was fixed very quickly while we went to dinner.  After staying in a total dump (the Imperial Palace), I can appreciate a quiet and clean hotel, but for the money I'd really want a bit more luxury. How about some actual basic cable?
4	Stayed here over the summer complimentary of my roommate's dad's hookup. The room was decent sized with 2 beds and everything just clean and ok looking. It's not spectacular, but it was free, so who am I to complain? =) We didn't like being on such a low level at first so we requested to be moved up a few floors, the staff was very accommodating. Loved the lounge bar they have out on the casino floor. Drank there from 4- 6 am on one night and had a great time.Another plus for pool access for hotel patrons. Spent most of my sunlit hours at the pool getting drunk off those 32 oz margaritas.
3	I stayed at the celebrity spa suite. The room overall was very clean and cant really say I have any complains about the room. The one BIG problem I did have was when I was laying down NAKED and the repair man and maid entered my room. The Maid just walked in w/o knocking and the repair man came by for some reason (no repairs were needed) knocked once and just came in. Good thing I realized it in time and ran to my bathroom.The lobby workers and front desk were very friendly and made sure that we were satisfied with the room we were getting and the location of the room. Overall it was not bad and I would stay here again after getting a great deal on Expedia.
3	This Giant Hotel has everything one could need in Vegas and unlike other hotels, has something in every price range. It is possible to stay here on an Economy Budget or to Shell out the big bucks for staying at the Signature. MGM Grand is home of the Cirque du Soliel show, "Ka" which consistantly has some of best reviews of any Cirque du Soliel show in Las Vegas.Of course, this Las Vegas resort has some fabulous restaurants, but mixed in there is something of a Mall Food Court. I recommend this hotel to anyone who has kids, because they will love the live Lions kept in a glass enclosure, the free pool access to hotel patrons, and a meal at The Rainforest Cafe. Of course there is also plenty of Adult Entertainment such as fine dining or perhaps a viewing of Crazy Horse Paris... Need I say, plenty of gambling and cocktail bars?
4	I stay at the MGM almost every trip to Vegas. It is one of the best values on the Strip. The beds are comfy, the rooms are big enough including spacious bathrooms (how much time do you really spend in your hotel room in Vegas anyway??). There are so many rooms that I tend to get lost coming off of the elevator. Oh well. If you are looking to turn out the light over the entertainment center, the button is inside next to the TV. No need to rip out the entire wall trying to unplug it. Room service has been good - never a problem calling down and asking for more towels, etc. Good bars, plenty of gaming tables. Good shops. Cab lines are not ridiculous. Plenty of Starbucks inside. The pool is great - the lazy river is the best in Vegas. The DJ spins good tunes. There is a nice balance of young people, older people, and families at the MGM. Just an overall great experience time and again.
4	If you want to impress your girl stay at the VenetianIf you have kids stay at Treasure Island or Circus CircusIf you are a big shopping freak rest your head at Ceasar's Palace or Mandalay BUT!....If you are an average joe hanging out in Vegas my pick is for sure to stay at The MGM Grand The MGM Grand is a little over a 3.5 hotel in my book.It's fairly priced, nice restaurants, lounges, stores, venues, and a wide range of casino games from high end bets to low end bets.I think this hotel has a nice room, not great but nice.  The service for housekeeping needs improvement but for the most part its a good place to stay for the average traveler.  Its location is great for moving around to other casinos and they even keep Caged Lions in a man made den for all to see  Now thats some Vegas $^%+ right there!
3	I have stayed in a bunch of hotels in Las Vegas but I was semi excited to finally stay at MGM. I heard good things about this hotel prior to going. Upon arriving, we really should have stopped right in front of the main entrance and dropped off our luggage. This was my fault. I am so used to parking and just walking my luggage to the registration area myself. But the process wasn't as easy as I thought. So tip for you people - drop your stuff at the front and then go park your car! Registration area service was good and we didn't have to wait to long. We came here for a convention and so I'm sure they were busy but they accommodated to us very well and let us have an early check in. That was a lifesaver! When we finally got to the room, the room looked typical. Nothing fantastic. bed was comfy and sheets looked as clean as it could be I suppose. The bathroom was more spacious than some other ones I have been to. But the shower head was broken and the toilet was kind of gross and yellow. There was also some "trash" in the bathroom still. We had to call the front desk many times for various reason and we were put on hold for at least 15-20 minutes each time we called. We were not happy campers about this at all. Service kinda sucks at this place and therefore I can't give it a 4. I'm just glad we got this place with a good coupon code deal or else I would have been even more dissatisfied. Overall, this place is a good location on the strip and you have a wide selection of places to eat inside the hotel. But service was crappy so just be aware of that!
1	Arguably one of the worst customer service experiences I've ever had;  Three different people at the Checking area were rude with me or ignored me completely, they never changed our towels in the room and when I wrote them both aa letter and email requesting a follow-up call I did not receive any word from them but a canned letter response.But the biggest issue was this: we had two rooms booked and both cardholders had mysterious ~$5 charges on our cards due to "drink orders".  However, none of us ordered drinks thru our room.  They reversed the charges AFTER we waited 45 minutes in line to get to the checkout desk and all they said was, "we'll remove it for you."  They did not acknowledge the mistake nor were they surprised by the charges.  It seems like they created that mystery charge knowing that most people would not want to sit in line to get it figured out when they checkout.  That's shady business.  Again, this was not mentioned at all in the BS letter I received from them.Seriously, terrible experience.  I would not stay in this hotel again if they paid me."Ka" was a pretty good show though.
3	My friends and I moved to MGM from Aria because they wanted a busier environment with a younger crowd.  MGM definitely is the spot for spring breakers.  I was very disappointed with the room they gave us.  Coming from Aria, it was dark and looked like crap.  The TV was old and the closet it was in, the doors don't open all the way.  One side had to be closed to walk by every time.  Good thing, we only stayed in our room to sleep.  The highlight of MGM is the pool area.  I believe there was 5-6 pools and it was packed.  All the lazy chairs were taken, so I suggest going early if you want to sunbathe.  The Wet Republic was a separate pool area.  It's your day time club set around two pools.  The music is always bumping and beautiful bodies everywhere.  The waitresses are all hot.  I don't think I saw an unfit body in here so work out before you come here.  MGM is an average hotel.  It's perfect for the average joe.  It's nothing close to the Bellagio or Caesar's.
2	The MGM is okay. But I would group this hotel/casino in with all the old school Vegas opulence. I add the Venetian into this category too.  For me it's all about ARIA and modernity now. I think my biggest problem with the MGM is how freakin' big it is. Get your bearings while you are not wearing heels folks or ladies. The separate elevators for the rooms and parking garage through me for one. I think the layout for self parking is really confusing. I also slipped 2x in the parking garage. I'm a little clumsy normally but I noticed that both times I slipped it was on the white paint throughout the parking spaces.I stayed on the 11th floor (gorgeous view of the neon lights) and the bed was ridiculously good. I can't remember the last time I slept so good. Oh and if you get hungry really late the only thing open is Wolfgang Pucks. Breakfast options are kind of limited to either Starbucks or Witchcraft where they have breakfast sandwiches from $9-$14 each.
2	Considering the price you pay to stay here, this hotel has seriously missed the mark in providing an unforgettable experience which is what most people visit Vegas to have. The room are uninteresting dark. The incessant green glow that permeates the room from the illuminated facade outside made me feel like I was on the star trek voyageur. The bathroom was clean but had no new exciting potions to try. They might as well had supplied pert plus like most hotels did in the 80s. The shower pressure was nonexistent until I removed the flow regulator. Most dissapointing is the cost of food. They do have an inexpensive buffet but there again they missed an opportunity to provide their guests with a value. The food was mediocre at best. And now I jus paid $30 to get access to their spa and fitness area - waste of money! I've used these pay for access services at most the major hotels on the strip and this one is by far the poorest of them all. The venetians canyon spa was better. Finally mgm being the bad ass movie production giant forgot to include tv channels like MTV and hbo or showtime from their tv line up. That Is ridiculous.  I will never stay at MGM again. There are so many options that are less expensive and ultimately offer such a better value. Stay elsewhere. Use the saved money on the craps tables.
2	Yuck, yuck, yuck.  This hotel casino is run down and depressing. A friend of ours stayed in one of their suites in the 23rd floor (or thereabouts) after his wedding.  It reminded me of a singles condo in Thousand Oaks.  There was this MASSIVE balcony with a hot tub, but the condition of the walls, tile, stucco with bright green iron hand rails was terrible.  I felt like I'd died and went back to the 80's.  The inside of the suite really looked like a bad condo.I know I'll be flamed for this, but I was disgusted to see that they had two lions in this aquarium-like set-up where people could stare at them.  It made me want to cry.  UGLY AMERICANS!!!A couple of good things...the craps tables were fun.  The dealers were friendly and helpful and we won a decent amount of money.  The Cirque de Sole theater for Ka, was exceptional.  I'm sure that is a result of investments by the Cirque group though.
4	A very nice hotel for the value.  I don't gamble so the casino looked fine to me.  The hotel is HUGE.  A city inside of a hotel.
2	I have stayed at the MGM Grand twice, the first trip we stayed in the Bungalow Suites... which was pretty nice. This last trip we stayed in the West Wing. The rooms are tiny and you can hear every little noise the neighbor makes. The hallways are weird and the placement of the rooms is odd. When we checked in one of the lights in the room was out and they had to come fix it.The only thing I really liked about the room was the stand up shower with the dual shower heads, and the frosted glass. It's the right environment for the kinkier couples ;)The room feels dated and biggest let down of all NO REFRIGERATOR!!!! That alone has me never coming back.The MGM Grand itself is fantastic but if it means staying in the West Wing again, then I will not be back.
3	More like 3.5 stars only because we got such a great deal on the room.Went mid-week from Tuesday to Friday, they had a promo and we got the room for all 3 nights for less than $200.  Pretty big hotel with a surprisingly good choice of restaurants.Hotel room was big with a huge King sized pillowtop mattress and a white down comforter which makes me more likely to touch it because I think I know it's clean.Bigger bathrooms, but the sink wouldn't drain which was a minor annoyance.
4	pretty hotel.small rooms.walls are thin so i heard EVERYTHING from the other room (EW).great casino and i love the pool= ].
3	The service at this hotel was good..not the best but I've definitely had worse. What I really liked were the suites; the beds were very comfortable, the showers were large and the mirror was gigantic. The view was also very nice--you can see the entire strip from the top floors. The only thing was the construction going on with the news condos (it kinda kills the nice view). This hotel is also right next to Mandalay Bay, meaning it's on the edge of the strip so get ready for a long walk or an expensive taxi ride to get to where you need to go. The casino was average, and the shopping/dining options here are not the best (compared to other places like The Venetian or Planet Hollywood). I would definitely come back here if I got another suite, otherwise, go somewhere else.
4	I traveled to Vegas for business and stayed at the MGM Grand.  I had never been to Vegas and this was my first experience seeing a casino.  It has its ups and downs but it was a very nice visit and after seeing the bill (I had to sign for it) it was a great value as well.  I arrived too early to actually check into my room but the folks on the shuttle from the airport made sure I was taken care of, bags were secured and I was free to roam the hotel/casino for a few hours before I could check into my room.  I was amazed at everything, from the restaurants, to the shopping to the sheer size of the place.  It was like a small self contained mall. The room was a little small but I really didn't care.  I wasn't there on vacation and I wasn't there to gamble.All in all, good customer service, nice room and many choices of things to do without ever having to leave the place.
4	I love the MGM Grand. A very fun place and a nice way to stay in Vegas. It's right on the strip, and it's got a ton to do. The rooms are nice and a good value for what you pay for. They have shops and tons of nice restaurants. The monorail runs right near the hotel. My favorite part of the hotel is the pool area is huge and awesome. I love the lazy river. They have an arcade as well. One of the best places to stay in vegas for a good value.
5	We stayed here the other weekend and it was really nice.  Great environment, great location in relation to the other casinos, the rooms were really clean and cute and the service was good.  A+!!
3	2.75 stars. The MGM Grand is a sprawling behemoth whose 5,000 hotel rooms feature atrocious, inconsistent cleaning service, weak shower pressure, worn furniture, anemic sound proofing, and paltry amenities (most rooms do not even have refrigerators). But, the room service is reasonably priced and remarkably prompt, with food that is better seasoned than expected (the chicken quesadillas are redolent of cinnamon, cocoa, and ground peppers). And, the fainting couches in the rooms are nicely situated and comfortable, while the pools are irresistible. However, there is nothing special about a stay at the MGM except the plethora of excessively expensive restaurants and the moody black and white photos of classic Hollywood stars who stare eerily at you in the middle of the night. And, while saying that you're sweet, the front desk will blame you because you checked into a rumpled, uncleaned room that still isn't clean later that evening. There are much better themed hotel and casino choices in Las Vegas.
3	My wife, daughter and I stayed here over the Easter weekend.  We had a nice room (I tried the $20 trick, and was 'upgraded' to high floor view room).  I know others have complained about the non-flat screen tvs in the room but honestly we didn't turn the tv on for more than 15 minutes during the whole trip.  When not in use it was tucked neatly away in the cabinet. Not a big deal.  We ate in GREAT restaurants at the MGM and spent our days at the lazy river part of the pool, which was really fun.  My only concern that kept this from a 4 star rating was the mis-information we got at the concierge desk.  We were in town to see the Lion King at Mandalay Bay (fantastic!), and I thought it would be cool to see and hopefully hold one of the MGM lion cubs.  I had read on-line that this was a possibility for a fee and a long wait.  We waited about 15-20 at the concierge desk to be helped and while in line another hotel employee approached the growing crowd waiting for the concierge and asked if we had a question she could answer.  I asked about having our daughter's picture taken with a lion cub and she said that they used to do that, but that the cubs were too big now.  Disappointed we walked away and decided to go check out the adult lion exhibit.  I asked the young woman working in the gift shop about the lion cub photo opportunity and she said, "sure, just get here before 11:00 tomorrow!".  We did, and my wife and daughter waited in a line for about 75 minutes before their "once in a life time opportunity" to pet a lion cub and have their picture taken.  Glad we didn't listen to the concierge!?!
4	MGM is definitely a cool place to stay in Vegas. First and foremost I need to point out something I thoroughly enjoyed about the casino here: it actually smelled good! It wasn't that smoky and it didn't have that nasty cleaning solution smell that the others did. The size of this place did not bother me at all, to be honest I did so much walking in and out of random casinos that I couldn't even tell MGM was any bigger. A huge plus for me was the food court with Del Taco and Weinerschnitzel next door. Greeeeat drunk food. The casino does not disappoint, and there are quite a few restaurant choices inside (the buffet, Shibuya, and Seablue are recommended). Studio 54 is also a fun place to go clubbing, although I would steer clear of Tabu. Overall, the fun factor of the MGM Grand was pretty solid. On to the room: The room was a good size and I got a pretty good deal, but one thing I was disappointed with is that they put me on the 4th floor. No view at all. I asked to be moved up and with a strip view, but was told I would have to try to switch rooms the next day after 11AM. I made my reservation 3 months prior, but I guess when you stay here you should tack on another 3 months to get a good view. The room was only a couple rooms away from the elevators which later proved to be beneficial for the drunken nights/mornings we had, so I ended up keeping it even though the view lacked. We didn't spend much time in the room anyway. The room was quiet and the curtains were thick enough to block all outside light so when I did get a few hours of sleep they were uninterrupted. I would give the hotel 3/5 and the casino, restaurant and clubs 4/5. So an even 4/5. Recommended!
4	i would give MGM 5stars if the rooms were $60 sun-thurs instead of $100.  the room & pool were perfect. sleek/nice/slick casino w/perfect Jack FM-style great people-pleasing music.  cool staff. pool should be experienced by everyone at least once. ace strip location.  close to airport. tiger woods has dropped many loads at the mansion.
4	Service that my husband and I got in person was great! The morning we arrived we got out of the cab and our bags were immediately taken by the staff! We didn't even have to touch them. We were then told they would hold our bags since checkin wasn't until 2 or 3. We went to the front desk , got our keys and told us that we could call around checkin time to find out our room # that way we didn't have to stand in line at the front desk again. Reason why I did t give them 5 stars: we called around 3 to get our room # where the guy was rude and told us the "main tower". Walked around for 45 minutes trying to find our room!! Come to find out we were in the grand tower. The hotel is too big with disappearing signs. Our room was amazing as we booked a suite. Housekeeping always kept it extremely clean. We are going to stay at another MGM Hotel next month - THE Hotel @ Mandalay Bay and at Bellagio in Decemeber...we shall see which hotel is best for us!
3	The exterior and the casino floor are both beautiful... however, I am reviewing our stay at the hotel. We selected the Bungalo Queen Suite, which is one tier below the balcony suite. It was expensive, so I expected a beautiful room. We went during slow season, so I thought that the staff would have seen and accomodated my request for a view of the strip- nope. The room and bathroom were simply outdated. The bed was comfortable, but that's about it. It wasn't ugly, but you just don't get what you pay for. Oh well, we spent most of our time outside of the room anyway. I could have just stayed at Tropicana and saved a lot of money though...Check out Shibuya restaurant while you're at the MGM, it was delicious and the service was excellent. Start with the Lobster miso soup.. but avoid buying their bottled water at all costs!! $8!!! x_x $8!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!One more note: every time I wanted to go to the pool, it was closed. They close it pretty dang early.. plus it's not the easiest place to navigate to.
4	I always choose to stay here at the MGM Grand when I do my twice yearly Vegas run.. Heres the thing.. Its central.. Its got all that you need... late night craving for McD's.. or Haagen Dazs.. its here.. Upscale dining.. yep., that too.. Awesome night clubs.. and always alot going on.. This time we stayed in the West Wing rooms.. They had a very "W Hotels" feel to them.. nice, retro meets modern feel. Not crazy about the layout of the shower, watercloset.. But thats because Im super private! EVEN with my best :-), I still need a bit of my space not invaded.. but a tv over my vanity.. loved that.. Not crazy about the buffet...but it was a promo we had.. so we went, we feasted and not liking buffets anyway.. Ill pass next time. The bell boy.. he was rude.. point blank.. he actually rolled his eyes and huffed.. bc he was a different guy then who valet'd and took our bags downstairs.. we tipped all of our cash to him.. YES we looked and felt like losers.. but come on.. a tip is that.. its a tip for great service.. okay.. i write this feeling egg in my face! Ill go back to the suites.. or the Grand Tower rooms.. the 'basic' room at the MGM now that the Emerald Tower is no more.. and yes.. I will continue to say here.. love the MGM:-)
1	Our "SUITE" was awful!!!The outlets were falling out of the walls, the room smelled awful, and the room was VERY dated.WILL NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN!
4	Always a good choice.  Beautiful women, beuatiful property and awesome pool.  A great place to catch a concert or grab a bite.  Tables pay out too.  Always worth a stop... if you can find a spot in the parking garage.  Try to avoid during any major event, gets too busy!
3	If you must stay here, avoid the West Wing. While more stylish and modern than the rest of the hotel, the rooms are small and (to me) rather claustrophobic. The hallways are also really dark and narrow, which means you can hear loud and clear just about every idiotic comment from every drunken fool that stumbles down it.The rooms in the main tower, by contrast, are about twice the size of those in the West Wing, which is where we moved to after I complained. The neutral-toned decor is pretty standard, but appealing in a 1990s model home kind of way. Just make sure you ask for a room relatively close to the elevators, otherwise you will be walking for days!But the best thing about the MGM is undoubtedly the restaurants. They have a terrific selection of fine dining establishments, and right now many of them are offering recession friendly prix fix meals -- 3 courses for around $30-40. The room service is also pretty good, for when you can't drag your hung-over tweaked-out body downstairs.
3	This hotel / casino has almost everything you will need for your Las Vegas trip all under one roof.  However, if you want to catch some of the big name shows (Ka, O, etc.) or check out some other hotel's spas (like TheHotel's BathHouse), you will have to leave the premises for a short walk or cab ride.Very central location on the Strip.  Nice slots and blackjack.This is a huge casino complex, so wear comfortable shoes!
3	Stayed here for a girls weekend last summer. The layout of the hotel is typical Vegas style, where to get from one end of the hotel/casino to the other requires quite a lot of walking. The nightclubs in this place I am not a fan of (I prefer the places on the other end of the strip) so location I was also not a huge fan of but we got a great deal so cannot complain too much. Clean spacious rooms with bathrooms that easily allowed multiple girls to get ready at a time without getting into each others space (a plus!) and beds which were soft and comfortable!  The property is beautifully decorated and clean, which is nice. Perfect place for a young party crowd (which we were so it worked!). The real favorite here was the pool, loved it! Fun, young crowd and plenty of room to lounge in the sun after a long night's partying. Would I stay here again? Of course, but there are places on the strip which I'd prefer more.
3	Honestly for all the glitz of the entrance/concierge area it really isn't that great.  Put a bow on a pig its still a pig :)PositivesLocation on the strip.I did enjoy some of the bars and such as I was heading out to go to other casinos LOLThe lions on display (check for times before you swing by).Monorail stop.NegativesRoom was kinda crappy, just tired and run down.Place was an absolute nightmare to check out of.Crappy customer service, order somethng specific from the front desk/concierge and they dont follow through.To expensive for the quality of the rooms.The MGM expects a lot of their customers to be drawn in by their reputation (take a hint from Toyota, you have to keep that reputation by backing it up with what got you it in the first place).  The rest to be drawn in by the big giant lion out front.  It just wasn't enjoyable enough for me to ever desire to come back.  To many places to try that I haven't been to before and to many places I really want to go back to to warrant repeat business.  Before you spend the money shop around, unless you are getting a killer deal don't waste your time.
3	Saw the JABBAWOCKEEZ show here, had a good time, other than the annoying lady behind us who wouldnt shut the hell up! (but obviously thats not the hotel's fault)spent a couple days pool side at Wet Republic...had fun for the 2 days we hung out there...WILL GO BACK, thats for sure
2	It's a mall with rooms. All the pools are only three and a half feet deep. It's terribly bland.
4	Great place for any Las Vegas virgins like my girlfriend and I. Stayed there this past weekend and LOVED IT!!  We did the check in at the airport and  avoided the long lines at the mgm  lobby. I read as many reviews as I could in the 70 days  before our trip so I knew exactly what to expect. Some of the idiots on here shouldve done the same thing and maybe they wouldn't be bitching about stupid little things like "omg  the TV in our room wasn't a flat screen!!, OMG we did not have  a coffee maker in our room!!! OMG the water pressure in the bathroom  was weak(turn the knob idiot)!! OMG  we were at the very edge of the strip."  Hey MORONS, that's what websites like this one and trip advisor are for.  Quit complaining because you were too stupid to research your trip... The rooms were perfectly acceptable. Average size, comfy bed, great view of strip if you ask nicely. We  were lucky enough to  get a room on the 21st floor, next to our friends so no complaints about that.  Reception  on TV was sub par but who's watching TV in Vegas? Casino is really nice and you can hardly smell the smoke. AS previous reviews have stated, casino has a nice perfume to cover smell up. Dining options are a plenty, from $$$$-$. So if you lose tons of money like I did, there is always McDonald's :) Pool area is overrated.  A bunch of douche bag drunks when I was there and the pool had a disgusting layer of suntan lotion floating above it at all times(In directors pool at least).  Weather was nice but pool needed to be 100 times colder  then the nasty luke warm  temp it was on my one and only trip down there(nice little walk btw)... You should def try to catch Ka if you are there(awesome awesome show) you will be amazed!! The theater itself is really cool and not a bad seat in the house.  Oh and here is a tip, If you are on a high floor and the elevator lobby is full, go through the double doors towards the back and get on the elevator that goes to the penthouse because its usually empty.  When you're checking out, get on  an elevator going up instead of down as those will probably be jammed with idiots by the time they get to you. We did have an issue with cleaning staff as I overflowed the john, they took a while to get there and then never cleaned up the mess from the water. No biggy though as we had friends across the way :)  Walls are paper thin though so be aware because you could here your neighbors and vice versa pretty damn good if you are trying to sleep. If you  pass out then I guess it doesn't matter :).... Overall  GREAT HOTEL AND CASINO!!! I did not try the buffet but will try it on my next trip. Fat Tuesday was awesome and you should def visit it 5 or 6 times while you are there!
4	We stayed at the West Wing Tower and the room is more modernized than the standard room; the bed was very comfortable but I think the pillows are filled with down feathers so it wasn't as firm as I liked my pillows to be.  The room itself is not as big as the standard room and there really isn't any place you can change.  There is no separate bathroom, when you enter in the room, there is a sink, shower and toilet (with glass doors but it's frosted) so there is not  a lot of privacy.  There is a scale under the shelves by the sink so that comes in handy when you want to weigh yourself before and after the buffet.  The hallways are also very dim and it took a while to get to the elevators if you follow the signs to the 'West Wing'; eventually, we just used the main elevator.  They have a few pools at MGM along with a lazy river but the pool was packed.  You also have to rent the inner tubes for the lazy river, I'm not sure how much it is but someone told me it was $25.00/day.  When we booked our room, there was a promotion for $25.00 spa credit and 2 free inner tube rentals.  We didn't get a chance to use the inner tubes.  Hotel guests also get into Wet Republic for free but they are very strict; you can't bring in bottle water, the security also opened up my wallet and my lip gloss case to check for who knows what.  A bottle of water will cost you $7.00 and a bottle of beer $9.00.  They did have comfy louge chairs and played great music.
3	MGM is like an aging showgirl making a decent attempt to re-invent itself with a lots of makeup (Wet Republic and the short run of JABBAWOCKEEZ are very cool btw).  This place is starting to show its age though.   The rooms look a bit tired and about halfway through my weekend there was no water in the bathroom.  Zero.  It had been turned off for several rooms on the floor for 'emergency maintenance'.  12 stinking noon. These days I find the gaming here to be very mediocre.  Maybe its just the vibe from the dealers and snappy or outright rude drink ladies.   Something is definitely amiss here.  Like super bad gambling feng shui.  What does salvage the gaming is a good poker room which I tend to frequent when I'm in LV.Having done almost everything that this casino has to offer (KA, Crazy Horse, Tabu, etc.) its hard to ignore that the MGM has a lot to offer the casual visitor.  Maybe familiarity does breed contempt because MGM has lost some of its luster in my eyes.   Aside from some killer room deals that are being offered, I think I'm gonna have to send my business elsewhere.   Thanks for the memories MGM!
3	I enjoyed my stay here with family.  The hotel room was very nice and the beds were very comfortable. The restaurants were over-priced (the quality of food and price were not a match). For someone that is a non-smoker, the hotel did a semi-decent job at controlling the level of cigarette smoke I could actually smell.I wasn't too impressed with the array of gambling machines/tables available. For a large hotel, I would have expected a little more, and I really don't gamble, at all. Not too impressed with the restaurants either. I think had I not been in Las Vegas for almost 5 days, I would have given it more stars, but by day 3, I was over its grandeur.
3	On my first trip out to Vegas this is where I called home.  The waves of hotels come and go.  There are the oldies, the semi-new, and the new.  MGM fits in with the semi-new batch.  It's not state of the art by all means but it's a classic that still stays classy.  I like the location of MGM as it's not far from most other casinos and there are trams to take you else where.  The sports book here is really relaxed and there is a Lion exhibit right next to it.
4	Great rates online for some comfy rooms.The rooms at The MGM Grand are small but nice. The rooms were really clean and the beds were really comfortable. We had a strip view but its only of The New York York hotel. Meh. The room service here was surprisingly tasty especially at three in the morning. Good: Clean rooms with good rates.Bad: Close those curtains or you'll get a green glow, all night long.Final:
3	I remember the MGM Grand being one of the premier hotels in Vegas. Used to be the envy of people like me who stayed at the Imperial Palace. Kind of like a lil orphan kid staring in a window of a candy shop. Now this orphan's movin on up and staying at the MGM grand. Too bad it doesn't seem as grand as I remember. Still a good hotel and casino. Good poker room. But if you want to stay at a place with class... I do recommend the Wynn or Encore. But I do believe the rates went down in price. 50 bucks with a players card. So overall, the price is very reasonable. I will stay at the place again. Beds were clean. (i hope) bathrooms were clean and the front desk was courteous, but I do not think I'll pay more than what I payed.
3	West Wing RoomsPictures can be deceiving.  What looks like modern and contemporary online can quickly turn into cramped and dark in person.  What the internet doesn't tell you is that your bathroom is virtually inside the bedroom area.  And the acoustics are great.  A fart in bathroom sounds like a monsoon storm in the bedroom.  The shower leaked so much I had my own small swimming pool in the room.What the MGM does have though is a great pool area.  And a decent location.
3	My boyfriend and I stayed here over Memorial Day weekend.  I would say that our experience there was OK, but not quite what we were expecting.  1)  When we checked in, they recommended that we "upgrade" to a room in the West Wing.  After walking what felt like at least a 1/4 mile to get to our room (through a very dark, narrow hallway), we got to our tiny room.  There was only one small window over the bed, and the room in general was very dark.  We then walked the 1/4 mile back to the front desk and requested a room change and we were put in a Grand Tower room (which is what we had reserved in the first place).  I will say that we were very happy with our Grand Tower room.  It was somewhat basic, but very clean and I loved the Jasmine scented bath products.2) I felt like we were on Spring Break, except that we would have enjoyed that ten years ago.  Picture people running through the halls at 2a.m. screaming,  wasted people hanging out in the lazy river drinking (and I am assuming not getting out to pee.  ew!), it got old very quickly.  The worst part was that I felt like it was no place for the few families that we saw who were trying to actually use the lazy river for it's intended purpose.  Little kids really shouldn't have to fight their way through a crowd of wasted dudes to enjoy the pool!3) I did really love the restaurants.  We had an amazing dinner at  Nobhill Tavern, and great sandwiches at  'wichcraft4) I liked the location, we were able to get to the tram that takes you from the Excalibur to Mandalay Bay pretty quickly, and we took the Deuce to the Bellagio which was also very quick and easy.5) The staff was very helpful and polite.  Everyone we met was very courteous and friendly.   Especially a nice man on the housekeeping staff who explained that the red dot next to our room number meant that our window was designed for helicopter pickups in the event of a fire!  He told us not to jump heh heh.
4	I was kind of skeptical, as this is an older hotel and I had just had an awful experience at the Luxor... but the rates were right so we gave it a shot. We booked the Celebrity Spa Suite for only $200/night on Memorial Day Weekend. The suite was large and had a jacuzzi in it. The bed was king sized and sooooo comfortable. The room was overall, very nice. As was the view. Some friends of ours booked a standard room and got it for $50. Can't beat that! Their room was super modern and had a little TV in the bathroom. I was equally impressed by their room. I liked the MGM so much, I didn't leave the hotel for the entire stay. I laid by the pool until our room was ready (they had it ready at 11am, which is pretty early for check-in, nice!!) and we ate at their buffet which happened to be pretty good. The champagne at the buffet was pretty crappy, but after a couple glasses you can't really notice anymore. ;) I won money at the roulette table, the craps tables were hot. I didn't go the clubs there but whatever. I have stayed at many places and visited some of the best clubs in Vegas. Of course, you don't really get the WOW factor that you would at Aria or Palazzo or Bellagio but the MGM was a great experience and I would DEFINITELY stay here again. I highly recommend it for seasoned Las Vegas travelers.
3	This hotel usually treats me pretty well. I like the casino, it's great with pretty sociable dealers, which is part of the reason why I hit up Vegas to begin with. The bedroom layout is usually so-so, it's a step behind the big ones like Aria and Wynn, but it's decent to stay in if you have a deal here. It's decor is standard, no jaw dropping sites or anything, but I think the best part of this place is the crowd. There are a lot of people here and everyone seems pretty ready to party. I haven't been to any of the clubs here, or the lounges except for the one by the sports book, but it's okay overall.
2	It was surprisingly easy to find our way in and around the parking lot and into the hotel/casino.  I had walked around here on past Vegas trips and it was chaos trying to find my way around since it's so big.  The room was average and roomy.  We called housekeeping for extra blankets and pillows.  It took two hours and four phone calls to finally get our stuff.  The pool area was packed, dirty, and the water smelled like beer...  Makes sense since there were empty beer bottles and cans floating in the pools.  I doubt I'll be back to stay at this hotel.
3	We stayed here for two reasons: We weren't really going to be in the room at all, and because it was cheap.  Our room was fine, small but clean.  The bathroom was not anything special.  I expected more out of MGM, but who cares right?  The toiletries, sewing kits, and extra towels were brought up quickly.  The room service that I ordered sat outside our room for over 12 hours.  Other guests starting using it as a trash can and everytime we came back, the pile of garbage rotting away outside our room grew.  The pools are pretty nice here, the service is ok.  I would stay here again, but it's really not all that nice.
3	For and older hotel It holds up great compared to the Luxor which really need updating,but can't  compare with Mandalay Bay."First thing first Go for the Grand Tower"  I actually came back from the Vegas today on June 7  ,2010 and stayed here  at the M.G.M Grand  Casino and Hotel over the weekend. This was a last minute trip and went with the best price hotel that I thought  that it would be nice in a certain price range. First of all the self parking lot is a pain to me not that well thought out many  part's are closed off to vehicular traffic.After finding a parking spot you will then have to navigate thru a miniature Hollywood theme mall to either get to the Escalator or either the elevator that will take you to the out side of the building. Check in was slow arriving around 4 p.m but was understandable and the associate Ann was nice and set me up in a nice room. My room was located on the 15th floor in the Grand tower with a view of Caesar Palace, Planet Hollywood, City Center and Monte Carlo. Over all a nice,clean and spacious room with a king size bed ,desk ,couch, full tub and shower  and two chair's. No Hd tv but hey it's Vegas will you really be in your room watching tv?  The Casino was nice big and clean and the perfume air that is let out of the vent's eliminate sent  or smoking thru out the hotel. The hotel casino offered a variety of food from Asian inspired to Mc Donald's and Starbucks which where all pricey. The pool area had a lot to offer and space but is very crowded so get there early especially on the 100 degree days.  Last but not least Wet republic  lets see kinda overrated and It didn't grab me but it was $50 even If you were a guest.(MGM is trying to get every penny ).Also you need to have swim wear or they have to like you because it was mixed from people entering and we were denied because we had tennis shoes while others got away with it with even chuck Taylor on.  Last and not least Studio 54 ............. pure Garbage unless you like old old hip hop and  old techno.DJ Skribble  disappointing to me, $30 cover way too much should be $5 or actually fee. Cramp dance floor , small bar's just not worth it. Overall nice casino, hotel room was nice but get the grand tower not the west wing(thank me later). Wont compare to Aria , Caesar Palace, Mandalay bay but other wise a very nice hotel for the right price. I would stay here again.
3	This place is ok- I got comped there so I'm not sure what the rates would have been during my stay. The room was nice and check in and check out were a breeze. Food choices were pretty good and it's connected to NYNY.
5	never stayed here but i do love walking through this hotel. last time i went it really felt like old school classic vegas and i can def see why its still the big issh on the block. the lions are awesome and the lobby is soo huge! i just felt great walking around this place. i would love to stay here one day. i do remember seeing david copperfield here and he was truly amazing. this hotel def gives u a feel good feeling inside
4	Thanks for the wonderful suite :]  I felt like a princess!...and then I felt a little famous when I saw that Kendra & Hank stayed in the same suite!
2	Sorry but the sushi here did not hold a candle to Seattle sushi- specifically Sam's Sushi in Seattle. The Unagi at the MGM was cold and tough on my Dragon roll.
4	Nobody I know stays here, but after I stayed here - I quite enjoyed it. The staff is friendly, the hotel guests are relatively young and affluent. WET Republic is a top 4 pool party in Vegas, behind Tao Beach, Surrender, and maybe Rehab. Their is plenty of food options and the food court is very affordable. There are always big fights and events here. It's close to the airport. The only downside is it's far from Tao and the Northern Strip which has much more to do for us mid twenty somethings. Overall a great hotel though. I still prefer the Venetian though.
1	This review is strictly for the West Wing room.  We asked for a complimentary upgrade from the grand tower to something better.  The girl at the front desk said they do not offer it, but when we got to our rooms we found out that she did in fact upgraded it for us.  AWESOME!!The decor is very modernized like what everybody else said, until we start discovering more and more negatives.  Yes the pillow and blanket is made out of down, which also explains why there's a lot of stuff that pokes at you.  The sheets had makeup stains on them and I even found some sort of bug shell in it, GROSS! Maybe I was just being self-conscious, but I couldn't stop scratching my legs either.  This room doesn't really have anything; I guess hotels don't  come with a fridge and a coffee maker these days either.  The shower stalls were poorly designed.  After showering, you'd have to step all the way out just to retrieve your towel.  they had a poor draining system, too! When i opened the doors, there was a pool of water right in front of the stalls.  I had to use 3 towels to soak up the water -_-  Cleaning up the water mess took longer than cleaning myself up in the showers.  The room only looks cool.  Avoid at all costs even if it's a complimentary upgrade.  This room is best for couples because as other yelpers have described, the bathroom is just enclosed with frosted glasses, lol, and you can pretty much hear everything that goes on in there.
4	If you self park MGM gets off to a bad start.  The entrance from the parking garage is pathetic.  Once you get into the actual building you wander through a hallway of shops that reminds you of a bad mall that is about to close for good.  First impressions mean a lot.  Clearly not a lot of thought was put into this.Once you are off the escalator and into the lobby it gets much better.  The lobby area is huge and it looks good.  The elevators to the guest rooms are actually close to the lobby.  More casinos should be set up that way.The rooms look nice.  They are good sized.  The bed is very comfotable.  The bathroom is quite nice.My issue with the rooms is the television.  You can be operating a serious hotel of any kind with 27" tube televisions.  This needs to be fixed.  Even the Tropicana now has 42" hi def flat screens in most rooms if not all rooms.I liked that there was a 24 hour shop right by the elevators.  It made it easy to get a cola or a snack any time of day since there was not a minibar in the room.There are a lot of options for food.  From fast food to the only five star place for hundreds of miles.  It is a great idea to have multiple Starbucks.The pool are is quite a walk from the hotel rooms.  It is a very nice complex.  It was nice to have at least one pool off to the side for adults only.  The service at the pool was good and there are a lot of lounge chairs.The gaming area is nice and quite large.  There is a nice spread of minimums to fit most budgets.  Most of the dealers are friendly and helpful.The MGM Grand will now be an option for me when I visit Las Vegas.  The rates are competitive with casinos that offer far less.
3	What I liked:-Everything you could want was at this hotel. Food, pool and clubs, a little bit of everything for everyone.-Good price. Being a college student , typically our options are limited. I was able to get an excellent deal despite going during june (40 per night per person) -Decent rooms. It's the Wynn or Mandalay but the rooms were clean and comfy. I recommend the west wing rooms, very sleek and king bed was super comfy. there were a few issues like a wonky tv (although whos watching tv in Vegas? )What I didnt like.The costumer service. I know I am not a high roller but I had reserved three rooms  for two nights each so i expected some respect. Instead the girl at check in was rude and short. She acted like I was an idiot when I asked questions about hotel policies (early check out,room charges, leaving a credit card on file) Not only that, check in was painfully slow. I had reserved two basic as cheap as it gets rooms and "west wing king". The "west wing king" I already had paid a more expensive deposit for and I was looking forward to enjoying. A member in my party had mentioned we wished to be close together and she downgraded our room!!! Luckily i caught her on it and was able to fix it.I asked room service to bring us another box of tissues and two pillows and they told me no problem, 20 mins later a hotel employee came to our room with the pillows but no tissues and just told us to go to the gift shop?overall i think the mgm is a good deal but I want to get spoiled and feel like a king, try elsewhere.
5	I LOVE this hotel.  Stayed here several times.First time was in a standard room.  The next time I stayed in a bungalow suite.  Both rooms were wonderful.  I did only have one issue with the second stay.  When I got to my room from checking in, the hallway smelled like weed.  I entered my room and was instantly hit with a wall of weed smoke.  It was coming from the room next to mine. I went downstairs and they briskly changed my room with no questions asked. While staying here I played many games (slots/tables) and found the accommodations very pleasing. Lots of variety in regards to gambling. Many places to eat to choose from. The pool is very nice. And the bars are great.  There are soooo many deals going on right now.  And if you sign up for their email or text alerts you can find your self an amazing deal.
3	Stayed here June 20th-23rd in one of their West Wing Rooms. Arrived on a Sunday and the lobby was insaaannee! Waited like 20 or so minutes behind ONE person checking in. After waiting we had to take this epic walk to the West Wing. Finally got to the room.. and I thought it was nice but a lil funky. Not really my style and kinda small. The bed was super comfy. The bathrooms were odd and really had no privacy.There were room service carts all over the elevator area and actually stayed there the whole day. I guess they were a little too busy to clean up? The air conditioning was OK. It was like 100 deg outside and I dont think the air conditioning could really keep up with the weather outside. The chairs in the room were very uncomfortable and when you took a shower there would be a puddle of water outside the shower every time. A good thing about the West Wing is that there is an exit straight to the strip right thru the West Wing Bar. Also its easily accesible to the New York New York walkway and the casino. This hotel is epic. It is so big and I got lost so many times. The rooms are kind of noisy and you constantly hear people down the hallways and room doors opening and closing. The staff was really nice and very helpful with everything. As for the casino it was pretty big and always seemed to be packed. Drink service absolutely SUCKS at the MGM grand. The monorail is connected to this hotel so that was cool. Overall we had a good stay and would probably stay again just because this location is pretty close to everything. Although next time I won't be staying in a West Wing Room. I just didn't like it.
4	I've stayed at the MGM a number of times in the past, and I'm not exactly sure why, but there's something about this place that makes me want to stay...I guess I like the whole big Vegas resort...pools/casino/restaurants, and the easy access of the monorail.  I've given my reviews in categories...hope this helps!LocationLocation isn't so bad here considering though it's a bit a stretch away from the strip.  If you're flying into Vegas, it's awesome...whether you're renting a car or taking a cab, it's only 5 minutes away so you do save that time and money from sitting in traffic from the strip.  The monorail station allows free-flowing movement along the strip without the use of the car.Check-InChecking into the hotel can be a drag if you arrive at the peak hour.  I didn't have to face this issue due to being a regular--checked in through the VIP line.  RoomsThe rooms are fairly standard.  My friends and I stayed in the standard rooms...nothing fancy but had what it needed...2 beds, bathroom, a TV, and a fridge (pre-requested).  If you're coming here to vacation with friends, you don't need a fancy room...just a place to pass out and sleep a few hours.  The hallways weren't too noisy...sure, would've loved to stay somewhere more fancy but hell, 3 days isn't much...just suck it up...AmenitiesThe gaming area is large...and you can easily get lost.  The good side is that you don't need to leave the area so fast b/c you can spend a lot of time in there and have fun without leaving the hotel.  PoolThe pool's pretty nice here...it's large and surprisingly, it wasn't crowded when we were out...OverallI would stay at the MGM again.  It's a nice hotel, nothing fancy but it does have a lot to offer for the money you pay.  If it's for a few days and you could care less about sleeping and using all the fancy crap in the room, MGM is where you should book your place of stay.  Like I said, it's far from the center of the strip, but I would suggest to go to the strip for the day (play/eat/shop) and at night, come back and rest.
3	Was a great hotel and love the fact that I got 40% off my KA tickets. But when it comes to the small things it sucks. Like no free wireless Internet, no fridge, and no microwave. But I still had a great time.
2	I always liked this hotel when I came to gamble since its so lively and there are a lot of places to eat. However, being a guest  here is quite the opposite. They gave away our two rooms, which were supposed to have 2 beds in there. It was 3 girls per room. They wouldn't give us a roll away bed because of a fire hazard since the room was so tiny (west wing). One of the girls called to complain so we were comped 2 more rooms. That helped, but it's a pain to have to check in again the next day and move our stuff.The rooms itself were your average rooms and pretty sparse. It was modern, but the TV was real old and the bathroom was very plain. I guess it was the furniture and decor that gave it the modern look, but there weren't any capital improvements.The cabana was basically a big, canvas tent. My expectations were high since the last cabana I had was at the Wynn and it had actual walls and misters at the entrances. The heat was trapped in there nicely. Our server, Joey, was great though. We bought a bottle of Goose and had mixers with it. It came with 2 tubes too so we didn't need to rent them for $16 each. We had a great time at the pool, but it's kind of dirty with a lot of leaves floating in it. Their 24 hour cafe was Wolfgang and their selection is quite limited. Everything was really fru-fru on the menu. The prices were pretty high, too. I would say stay away, unless you really have to slum it, but even then I think I liked Harrah's better since McD's and Panda Express are next door. Hmmm, sounds like I belong at the MGM after all.
4	This is the hotel of choice on the strip when I come here with my family, boyfriend, and/or friends. BTW, if room rates are ridiculous we end up at our other hotel of choice, Gold Coast, which is off the strip. Anyways about MGM:LOVES:-LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION! The location is ideal since its within walking distance to Hooters, Tropicana, Excalibur, and New York New York and is a short cab ride away from other hotels (ie Luxor, Mandalay Bay, Aria, Bellagio, etc)-THE ROOMS are nice with comfy cushy beds. -One of my favorite steak places of all time, CRAFTSTEAK, is here along with an EXTENSIVE ARRAY OF FINE AND CASUAL DINING.  Every so often, the fine dining restaurants will put out a set menu at a set price to enable people on limited budgets to sample their dishes. More info is offered for each restaurant on the MGM website.  Me and the bf had done the Craftsteak summer tasting last year which introduced me to some of their delicious dishes for a fraction of the price :)-Their POOL AREA is huge with 3-4 separate pool areas complete with a circular river and a waterfall.  Only for hotel guests and they do check hotel key cards. Towels are available free of charge.  You can also rent inner tubes for a slight fee for use in the circular river.  -LARGE CASINO FLOOR with a good number of roulette and craps tables...the games of my choice.-The MGM PLAYERS CARD. Sign up for it. Use it often when you gamble to attain points not only at MGM, but at other hotels within the MGM family (ie Aria, Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, etc) which can earn you comp'd rooms, meals, etc. It's free.-Insanely LOW ROOM RATES...I recommend you SIGN UP FOR THEIR EMAILS!  Even if you don't want to get a players card, MGM will email random promotions about $89 rooms during weekends!  I received that exact promotional email and was able to book a 3 night stay for cheap. I love me some bargains! DISLIKES:-The sports book is quite the walking distance from the hotel rooms. I only know this cuz my boyfriend is a sports fanatic and I've accompanied him when he places sports bets.  -If you choose to self park, be prepared for the trek to the lobby and guest elevators. In order to get to the lobby area and/or the guest elevators it would involve walking through the massive parking lot, navigating your way through often broken escalators to get to the ground floor, walking through an awkward set up of random shops and eateries, to take another escalator up to the main hotel area.....its a tiring walk especially if you've got luggage/bags/etc to haul. -Incorrect signage when taking the escalators to either Tropicana and/or New York New York.  This has happened on occasion where I'll need to get to NYNY and the signage by the Lion's Habitat tells me to head left....only to find out that I'm heading towards Tropicana and that the way to get to NYNY is actually to my right, so now I've got to double back. -Housekeeping:  I've never had a problem with the housekeeping here.  However, during our most recent stay I had to call housekeeping twice each day to remind them that our room had not been serviced.Regardless of my dislikes for MGM, my loves about this place had me at hello :)   Me and the boyfriend are heading back to Vegas this fall for a friend's wedding and have already booked our room for the trip.
5	Love Love LOVE! This was my 4th time in Vegas and this is by far my fav hotel right now. I love how its right next to NY NY,and as we walked dwn the strip to Planet Hollywood, we stopped in souviner shops,CVS and Mikey D's lol.For a hotel that's at the end of the strip,there are alot of things on the way to the strip that made it that much better. As for the hotel its self, we got a standard room and to ME it was bigger then our standard room in TI last year (which is also a nice hotel as well..definitely smaller tho) Check-In did take a while but then again we did go 4th of July weekend. Overall, I really enjoyed staying here. I can't wait to stay here again :) Its hella big,has Fat Tuesdays,like 5 or 6 pools, hella slots and tables and a few good restaurants (the ones we tried) Definitely stay here,its worth it :)
4	Hotel Room Review: Walking into our actual hotel room -- I couldn't help but say "WOW."  The room was VERY NICE - I was impressed. The beds were very comfy and on the bigger side (we stayed in a double). The huge windows with great view added to the wonderfulness of the room :)POOL REVIEW: Impressed again!! The pool area was great! There were a bunch of pools and also a lazy river. It was thankfully not too crowded..I'd definitely stay here again!
5	This was my first time in Vegas, and I absolutely adored it!  I was as usual skeptical at first, as it took me almost an hour to check in.  Though, in all fairness to the hotel, I think that most of that wait was because of the incredibly ignorant woman ahead of me in line.  Once I entered my room it was large comfortable and smelled surprisingly delicious.  I'd comment more on the room except I was in it for maybe 4 hours the entire trip, and 2 of those hours I was passed out.  The other 2 I was putting my stuff down and/or changing clothes.The pool is pretty fantastic.  Lazy river where you can float around with your drink and look at people.  Tons of recliners to lay in and soak up that beautiful Las Vegas sun.  Free towels.  A few bars around the edge so that I could keep myself nice and hydrated (with Vodka).  As I don't drink beer, I can't have beer goggles, and with my lovely vodka goggles I was pretty impressed with the overall crowd.The casino was amazing.  I might be saying that only because I won money.  Of the three of us that gambled, Kat broke even, Mandy was only down a few dollars, and I paid for a few of my drinks later that night lol... And within about 5 minutes of sitting at a machine, a waitress came over and asked me for my order and brought me a drink within 15 minutes.  Loves it!We scoped the nightclub early in the day and got wristbands which got us in free all night.  The doorman was fantastic, and remembered our names and let us cut the line when we came back.  We partied until 4ish in the morning... I have no clue when/if it ever closed.  The music was great, the alcohol was strong.  The scene was fun.While I don't approve of you bringing your kids to Vegas, there was a pretty awesome arcade downstairs, and the lion habitat was one of the coolest things.  The lions were like standing on my head.  How cool is that? Ultimately this was one of the best times I've had underneath one roof in my life.  I can't wait to come back!
5	I had the opportunity to stay here last weekend because I won a free night from a contest the hotel had on Twitter. I had been waiting with bated breath to come here, and I wasn't disappointed. The MGM's motto is "Maximum Vegas", and it delivers! It's probably the largest hotel on the strip. Our room was on the 27th floor and had an amazing view of Mandalay Bay and the desert. The hotel room was super posh too. Amazing bed, bathroom, everything was just awesome! My favorite thing about the MGM was the pool area. And if I could add +2 stars for the fact that the slot machines here were kind to me, I totally would! The MGM should be a staple in everyone's trip to Vegas, even if you don't stay the night here. Enjoy!
3	Just got back from Vegas yesterday.  Stayed at the MGM for the first time.  The room was some what small but it was clean and cozy.  We had a room with the view of the strip so that was nice.  Room service staff was rude and impatient so that drops it a star.  And no mini fridge so there goes one more star.Will I stay here again?  Probably not.  Although, I do like the casino so I'll be back to play only.
5	Have stayed at the MGM before, this time stayed at the Signature Suites, but still wanted to Yelp about MGM since we were at their pool the whole time........their staff is ALWAYS sooo helpful!  Going to see KA? Register as a member of their Player's Club to get B1G1Free tix!!  Look for promos around the pool for FREE drinks!  Pool is amazing! Kid friendly too!
3	Upon checking in we were given a hard time.  Our reservation was unexpectedly canceled.  We spoke to the representative and they refused to honor our rate.  We had to pay extra despite speaking with management.  Fortunately, this was the only issue we had on our stay.The hotel amenities were surprising given my expectations.   The room was much larger than expected and the staff was very helpful.  Their room service was extremely quick and accommodating.   The pools were nice, but the cocktail service was extremely slow.  I only saw one cocktail waitress working, so I did not hold that against them.  Another annoying issue was that the hotel had not upgraded to flat screen TVs.  The signal was definitely not suitable for their TVs, and most stations' feed was off center.  This is only a small issue, but annoying nonetheless.Overall, The hotel was nice and I would consider staying there again.
2	I  just got back from a stay at the MGM that I would rather forget. We usually stay at the Mirage for the value and proximity to the other (more expensive) resorts on the strip, but decided to stay at the MGM to be closer to friends hosting a party at Mandalay Bay. Big mistake.Most importantly: DO NOT STAY IN THE WEST WING! It is simply terrible. When we finally got to our room (after a horrific check in experience) I burst out into laughter when we opened the door--the bathroom area is a joke. There is a tiny airplaine-restroom-sized sink with a 4"-deep glass vanity top--not enough space to rest a curling iron on let alone all the toiletries the average woman needs to look decent on a vacation. There is one dismal light in the center the mirror so you can only see half of your face at a time, and the room is so dark it is impossible to see what you are doing when fixing your hair.  Oh-and they put a stupid TV inside the mirror, rendering one whole side of the mirror completely useless. Also--the toilet is inside a frosted glass stall, similar to a public restroom. You can hear (and partially see) everything that goes on in there. The shower is in a glass stall next to the toilet and only has a towel bar big enough for 1 towel. You have to step completely out of the shower to get the towel hanging on the door. Ridiculous. I seriously wish I took a picture of this bathroom to prove how comically awful it was.As for the rest of the room, it was okay but very tiny. The bed was acceptable, but they obviously just added a pillow top to the top of an old mattress that kept sliding around. The pillows looked comfy but were actually hard as a rock. The TV is old and small and has a terrible selection of channels. Oh, and the air conditioning unit is right next to the bed (it is actually used as a nightstand) and blows cold air right on your head all night long.There is not much room in the unit for anything but the bed but they did manage to put in a small desk and a completely useless side chair that was very worn out and faded looking.We were located close to the elevator and could hear every time the doors opened and closed. We could also hear club music coming from a nearby room at 4:00 in the morning. The garbage truck outside woke me up at 6:00. Need I go on??ON THE PLUS SIDE: We actually had a decent view looking down the strip from our room--we could see all the way down past Bellagio fountains. Also, the restaurant selection is great. They have a nice selection of better restaurants and cheaper options for those on a budget. The pool area is very large and nice but very crowded during the summer. If you really want or need to stay at the MGM make sure you get a room in the Tower, and don't pass up the valet parking because the walk from self park is brutal. Otherwise, stay away--there are much better values elsewhere.
2	Even though I go to Las Vegas dozens of times a year, I haven't been inside MGM in about 4 years.  I recently went to play poker and noticed that MGM has slid downhill considerably.  The place itself is nice but the people there are really ghetto.  Nasty, drunk, slutty (not hot) chicks everywhere and guys with their pants sagged so low their underwear's hanging out filled the casino.  I would definitely not take a family with children into this casino.  MGM may be big and well known but it's definitely not classy.
4	The MGM Grand is a beautiful hotel.  The rooms are nice, the casino is huge (SO easy to get lost in here), room service is fine, shows are excellent, staff is friendly.  My only complaint about this hotel is the "lazy river" pool--- it's filled with drunk idiots, pissing themselves and spilling their drinks in the water--- the smell of chlorine almost burns your throat--- I cringe to think of what else is in that water.  Never again will I go in their pool.  The MGM appeals to the younger 20-30 something crowd, and while I fall into that age-group, I'm not one to get plastered and act obnoxious while I'm in Vegas.  All in all, the MGM is a nice hotel, and when they run specials on hotel nights, I'll return-- however, I wouldn't pay more than $150/night here.
1	My niece and I recently stayed at the MGM Grand located on the Strip in Las Vegas, NV. I decided to book a room in this West Wing of the hotel during this visit. The West Wing rooms are located closer to the front entrance near the Rainforest Cafe. This afforded us to have closer access to the Strip and so not to have to walk all the way through the Casino. The rooms were smaller, but were not recently renovated as the rooms at the Grand Tower. I selected this hotel only because of the Backlot Lazy River and the other pools in which we had an excellent time!The elevators leading to the West Wing rooms where very dirty, beaten up and looked like elevators which had graffiti and were from the 'ghetto'. The elevators were working, but so bad that you could not tell which floor you were at. The West Wing lounge, carpet & entrance area looked 'cheap & filthy'! The front desk personnel did not inform us until we inquired that we can reach our room via the elevators close to the Front Desk and near the Grand Tower so we didn't have to walk to & from the Casino to reach our rooms in the West Wing. The resort fee we were charged included a $15 Bar Credit which we could not use in the Pool area and most of the inside Bars did not have a blender for 'frozen' type of drinks. Also, we could not bring our own floatation to use in the Backlot Lazy River and had to purchase use the Tubes which cost $16 each. Will I stay there again? Probably not, but I loved the Backlot Lazy River pool and the hypnotic-electronic dance beat type of music, and the close proximity of the hotel to the airport.
4	$60.00 for a Bungalow King Suite...I was so there.  Recently traveling out west we decided to stop in Vegas to break up the trip.  Travelzoo had this particular offer and for once theier odd blackout dates worked in our favor.  Who else wanted to go to Vegas on a Wed in July...not the opportune time but for $60 I'm not complaining.While I had been to Vegas before, I had never ventured down to MGM.  The place is very nice and well kept.  The staff was very pleasant and eager to help.  The room was large but the bed was the best part.  HUGE king size bed that was so soft and comforting after a long day of walking.At the end of the day all of these places are basically the same.  I was happy with what I got for the cost and would stay there again.
1	Went here for my birthday weekend which was this past fouth of july weekend.  went for ufc 116 and the holiday.  had very very bad service.  first off they did not show the fight anywhere in the hotel.  could not even order it in the room.  called front desk and they said it was not possible to watch it at the freakin hotel that is the mma fights are actually taking place.  lady said only place to go was mandalay bay.  so we taxi there, and guess what, the mgm was lying.  it was not being televised their either.  it was a terrible nite in short and we ended up stuck at the luxor cuz it flooded. next day went to the mgm pool on sundays, the wet republic.  stood in the line for 2 hours in 110 degree weather.  it was rediculous, never waited in line like that before.  and when we got in we were hassled about my girlfriend large purse being allowed in the pool area.  it was a realy mess.  i will never stay here again.
3	This place is just ok.  We chose to stay here because they were offering incredible rates for their suites.  The hotel has gone under some renovations but still lacks many of the nice amenities you would find at the Bellagio, Wynn, Venetian, etc.  We stayed in the Celebrity Suite which is a good size.  The bathroom was very aged and it showed.  The shower was decent but you can see all the rust on the tile and shower head.The crowd that coms here is college age so expect to see a lot of drunks roaming around but hey, it's vegas.  Although there are many elevators, it could take you a while to get to your room during peak hours.  Check-in is a nightmare so I suggest you check in at the airport where they have a little stand.  The staff there isn't as friendly but it is very quick.The pool was nice.  During the summer days it is sweltering hot having a cabana helps a bit.  Amenities are just alright.  No misting and limited snacks and drinks.
3	I stayed here a couple times before. This hotel is okay. I just didn't like the fact how it is at the very end of the strip and takes a long walk to get to the middle of the Las Vegas strip. The only thing I love about MGM Grand is the lazy river! SO FUN! Otherwise, I really have nothing good or bad to say about this place. So in my opinion, stay at another hotel and find a way to sneak into the hotel's pool during the day.
4	We stayed here for a couple of nights.  Since it was the middle of the week, we had a sweet deal.  Thankfully we were in a floor that was fairly quiet, as well as being well off from the elevators.  The room was nice and clean, albeit starting to show a little wear and tear.  Staff was really nice and our kids loved swimming in nearly all of the pools.  Would definitely stay here again.  It was a really nice way to start off our vacation.
4	MGM is an awesome resort. It has everything you need all in once place. I stayed here about 1 month ago JUNE 2010. my room was a west wing king and its was just right, nothing too fancy but still a nice room with everything i needed. The bathroom was a bit small tho, and no mini fridge. but still a great room for $60 p/n. The POOL AREA IS WHERE TO BE!!!! Lazy river, waterfalls, like 5 different pools, jacuzzi areas, and WET REPUBLIC. This is one of the best places to cool off in Vegas. only downside is the ridiculous drink prices, $9-11 beers to $13-$18 cocktails. But this is to be expected. I gave this 4 stars merely for the pool. The casino is about average, the clubs are OK, definitely not the "IT" places, and the restaurants are mediocre, and the rooms are nice but not amazing. I would stay here again for sure to get a nice room for cheap and have a great pool!
4	Yes that's right I stayed at Vegas' version of the Green Monster.  That's right the MGM Grand.  I stayed for a night and just like anywhere in Vegas, you don't really spend much time in the room.  Unless you were able to score more than at the casino.  If you know what I am saying.  So I am not going to spend more time talking about the room.  Because in all honesty it was very nice for me to pass out in.The casino and retail areas are pretty cool.  They have everything from Cirque du Soleil to your traditional mall food court.  Something for everyone that's for sure.  However the happening spot to be during this 100+ degree weather is the pool area.  If you happen to be single and looking for some action then this is the place to be.  The pool area is HUGE.  Anytime they give you a map to help navigate you know the area is massive.  Whether your fancy is swimming, hot tubbing (which is crazy during the summer), or lazy river-ing it up then you are at the right place.  Or if you are like me and like to uh "people watch" then check it out!Also if you plan on checking the strip out... I'd recommend cabbing it somewhere and walking.  Kind of a hike!Oh by the way for your salon needs make sure you say hi to Darcy at Cristophes salon.
3	I'm sorry but the MGM just doesn't have that wow factor.  Their theme is actually hard to decipher, other than the obvious huge lions.  I mean, Hard Rock, Caesars and Bellagio....there's no question.  There's an ambiance that oozes rocknroll, Roman antiquity and Italian Renaissance.  At MGM...they have a cheerleader, and it's cheerleader is a massive golden lion.  I was upgraded to their West Wing, and had a fabulous shower, but the rest of the room was nothing to write home about.  It was a sorry sight from the window, just windows of the other rooms in the resort.  Certainly a downgrade from the fabulous view I had at Treasure Island a couple years ago of the whole damn South side of the Strip.  But I digress.  It really seems like everything is a exceedingly long walk in comparison to the other hotels, and trust me, I know the resorts are huge in Vegas, but MGM takes the cake.  And even though they fill it with stores to distract you and have you ooooh and ahhing at its sheer beauty, nothing really caught my attention.  The gaming room and their bars...again, nothing to really set it apart from the rest.  The most enjoyable part of this hotel was the spa....I would not return.
3	I used to really like the MGM grand ( back in my college days before I had experienced some of the nicer casinos on the strip). We recently spent the weekend in Vegas and decided to return to MGM because it was the cheapest room available for what we had remembered to be a decent hotel. Not luxury by any means, but fun and easy. It was still fairly expensive ( $160/night), but we figured that it would be as good as we remembered and thus worth the value. THE GOOD:Restaurant selection. The restaurants at the MGM grand are awesome and you can find all kinds of food at various price points. The pool- The pool scene at MGM is great. Complete with 2 huge pools and a lazy river there is something for everyone. The Casino- My husband loves the MGM poker room and he seems to do much better here than any other poker rooms. We left the trip up hundreds of dollars- score!The lions- okay i love animals and this is seriously a highlight for me.THE BAD!: Smokey. Compared to some of the newer casinos with better ventilation and higher ceilings, this is the type of place where smoke hits you in the face as soon as you walk in. You leave with your clothes, hair, etc. all smelling like cigarettes.CROWDED. Seriously- this hotel is ginormous. And the wait for the elevator shows it. Be prepared to wait a few mins for the elevators and sometimes have to pass them up because of over crowding. Or, in my case be smooshed up against some strangers for the long trip up/down.No shopping! Besides a giftstore, a  sunglasses shop, and a douche-lord shop ( ie selling a lot of affliction, ed hardy, and true religion), there was no other retail shops. I like to spend some money in Vegas, and I had to venture over to Planet Hollywood for this.THE UGLY!!!: LACK OF AMENITIES: we had tons of leftovers from our delish ( and expensive) dinner at NobHill. We knew there was no refrigerator in the hotel room, but assumed we could store with the hotel since this is how it works at the nicer casinos we've stayed at ( palazzo, Encore, Bellagio).... We called down to arrange this and not only we were told we couldn't store with them but we were also informed there was a $35 rental fee for a refrigerator. What if i had medication that needed to be refrigerated? Its really not cool to not offer a free way of refrigeration to your guests. we also noticed there was no coffee maker either. The rooms- Big box TV's, gross shower heads ( with awful temperature control), and old furniture. The Noise- You know how in vegas people get really drunk and shout all the way back to their rooms at 5am? Well normally I feel like this sound is somewhat muffled by large sturdy doors or something. In MGM it felt like these fools were IN our room! Thank god for blackout shades otherwise it would've been a sleepless night for me. Moral of the story:I wouldn't stay at MGM again unless I got a room rate that was under $100 a night.
4	We stayed here for our group's Vegas trip. We got a special deal for 3 nights from Hotwire and got a suite. The suites here run small - surprisingly small. It's just a regular room size (1 king or 2 queens) and that's pretty much it. Lame if you ask me. And for all the people in our room, they still only gave us 1 king and kinda ignored our 2 queens request. The hotel is nice. As an old Vegas hotel, it's pretty kept up and not lame looking like the others. It is no longer in the prime Vegas strip location. It was like 15 years ago but now the prime location is by TI and Venetian. Love their lazy river in the pool area. That was real nice and we spent a good part of the afternoon there. Love that they have a Fat Tuesday in their hotel. Their concierge, front desk, and room service are all nice and efficient. Although they bring up the requests kinda slow but we didnt urgently need anything so that was ok. Try 'wichcraft - a sandwich place here. It's so good.
4	Stay in the west wing. There are nicer places to stay now with the newer hotels but I usually can always find a good rate for this place. Nice casino and poker room. For the price that I paid I was happy.
1	The rooms are ok.  Seems higher up you get a better room.  Be warned...the staff will tell you one thing and you may get something entirely different.  We were told a strip view but ended up with a east view looking down Tropicana.  The room was clean and we had plenty of towels and such.In a large hotel like this, you're definitely treated like a number and that's the way they make you feel.  Typical for the huge hotels in Vegas.  So sad actually because their prices are extremely high for what you get and the service you get.  Which is poor.The room and floor attendants were excellent.The pool is very very nice.  Go strip down to your swimsuits and enjoy the hot sun by the water.  Cocktail!  : - )I don't recommend you do Valet parking if you don't have to.  The wait to get your vehicle on check out time is absolutely incredible.  I'm glad we didn't do valet as they suggested.  The walk from the parking structure is a long ways to the elevators to the rooms.  Security is constantly patrolling all the floors on the parking structure.  They get around pretty quickly on the bicycles.I've seen the KA show now 5 times.  This last time...on July 17th...I was totally let down.  What a poor cast and poor performance.  I've never seen such a pathetic group of performers in the previous 4 shows.  What happened to this show and the previous cast!  DO NOT GO SEE KA!  For the money, we, the customer expect performance.  Something that makes you go.....aaawwww!  Wow!  I was actually furious at what I was watching.  What a let down to the key performers that were still there like the Mexican guys on the wheel.  They're consistently good.  More on this part of the review later.  I want my money back!  Jerks! to you Cirque du Soliel for a poor job!  You guys should know better and now it appears you're taking advantage of the general public by placing less experienced performers on the stage.  I'll address that with Cirque separately.  Not letting this go for the money I spent.Although, the rooms were clean and safe...I just can't get past giving this hotel more than one star.  There's a few little things they can do to make this experience so much more for their guests.  Too bad more of the customers don't demand more for their money.Too bad for MGM.
5	*** Preface to this particular review - this is about the CASINO portion of the hotel only, not the hotel itself! ***MGM is hands down mine and my fiances favorite place to gamble.  It's clean, has smoke free tables (should you so choose), friendly and fun table hands, prompt cocktail service, and it smells pretty and is easy on the eyes.  We love it here! They also offer European roulette which most hotels do not! Ask them about how to play "neighbors" on this wheel! We hit it 3 times in a row and walked away with around $600 and only staring with a $25 bet!  It's fabulous here and highly recommended!
4	I like the lions. I had a great time walking though it I had to do it again later on. I didn't stay in the hotel but the many bad reviews kind makes me want to check it out. I don't what it is about me the more people say im not going to like it makes me want to check it out more.
4	Definitely a fan of the MGM Grand. My recommendation when booking your room here is to visit their Facebook page and see what deals they are currently offering. I went just a week ago and was able to get a Grand Tower Room with a King bed and a killer view of the strip (the New York New York rollercoaster included) and $50 pool credit (which was used to get free drinks) for a grand total of $79. The room was very clean and comfortable--the only thing lacking would have to be a minibar. I must say the bed might be one of the most comfortable I have ever lain myself upon. The pictures of the Rat Pack along with other famous classic actors/actresses scattered throughout the hotel definitely adds to the allure. Prancing down the corridors at 5am passing a picture of Old Blue Eyes definitely feels like a win. You definitely want to put on your Sunday best 24/7, pearls included.The restaurants and entertainment are fantastic; I'm a huge fan of being able to just go downstairs from my room rather than having to trek clear across the strip in search of Vegas fun. Wolfgang Puck's makes for a fantastic late night snack (and affordable - I recommend splitting the club sandwich between 2, with a grand total of $15) and Crazy Horse Paris is hands down the best entertainment in all of Vegas. The pools are incredible (Wet Republic was fun as well, but only for 21+.... for those of you with kids, find a babysitter) and the bars make some delicious bevies. My advice for by-the-pool alcoholic consumption: Spend the $22/$24 for the souvenir margarita (32 oz.) and save it... the refills are only $11. It is the most cost effective way of going about margaritas/daiquiris. Okay, rant over. If you are fussy and no fun at all, please do not go to the MGM Grand. I will be there frequently and have too good of a time to put up with you.
4	Thanks MGM for making my most recent Vegas trip my best. Had a great room in the grand tower, one king-sized bed. 10th floor with a view out to the strip/New York New York. Everything was clean, bed was super comfortable, and AC worked like a charm. Only weird quirk was the shower, it took 5 minutes to even get lukewarm, so I took a few super cold showers. Could have used a mini-bar or small fridge. Got a Facebook deal on the room, I'm convinced it's one of the best deals around. Rooms starting at $55? It was worth way more, in my opinion. The restaurants look very nice- got around to eating at Wolfgang Puck and the buffet, both of which were very impressive and enjoyable. The casino floor and entertainment- clubs, shows, were fantastic too. I got tickets for Crazy Horse and had a blast. The pool area is full of fun- our room came with a $50 pool credit which you can put toward inner tubes, booze, etc. The lazy river and multiple pools were nice. Wet Republic was alright, super bro'd out but fun with our group. Drinks were good (blended mojito was delicious, those expensive, duh). I'll definitely be back, the MGM has something for everyone and is a great cross-section of Vegas. If you're not ready to plunk down huge money for mid-strip rooms and restaurants but want a no-holds-barred Vegas vacation, head here!
2	Lobby Check In process needs improvement. Guests are shuffled from one line to another. There are several lines and no line designators so it looks like a mob. Managements needs to improve this service by making it easy, quick, and organized.
2	Really old and sketchy people. Would have been cool to see the lions if they weren't sleeping!
3	The room was nice and clean, beds were comfy, and staff was nice.  My only issue was all the housekeeping staff that walks around the halls all freakin' day long.  It was annoying, on a couple of occasions when we went to our room there was housekeeping staff in there one of the occasions was just after we checked in.  Wouldn't the room be clean already?  I don't like people in my space so it just bugged, but I guess convenient if towels or soap was needed.
2	MGM....Grand...hmmm? Let's omit the adjective "grand". If you booked a promotional deal and did not receive it upon check-in, demand to speak to management either at the time or later on that evening to receive any promotional coupons promised. All the food at the buffet tasted the same. yuck! Our view was of a wall and air conditioning units in the West Wing (4th floor). Lazy river pool closes at 6pm. Limited amount of waitresses on the casino floors Happy times: Been here four other times and this was my first time writing a poor review. But perhaps it is because the economy is down. Let's stay classy Vegas. Again, not the worse place to stay, but come on, a wall for a view. Give me a break...
2	Generally, this hotel is adequate. My husband and I recently stayed here for the first time and here are some things we noticed...Pros:- The room was clean and the bed was comfortable.- The staff was quite helpful and pleasant (for the most part).- There are lots of dining choices in the hotel.Cons:- The shower head is so low that even I had to bend backward to wash my hair. I'm pretty average height, 5' 6", and have never run into this before at a hotel.- The bathroom faucets fixtures were so loose the handle bases moved around every time you used them. I found this quite disturbing and annoying.- We called to request non-feather pillows and a blanket (my husband is allergic). They brought up the pillows, which were fine, and the thinnest old cotton blanket I've ever seen. I thought they would have a regular cotton comforter, but apparently not.- We could clearly hear our neighbors, although we can't blame the hotel entirely for that.- Housekeeping was really loud and seemed to be roaming the halls a good part of the day. We took the Do Not Disturb sign off the door for about 20 minutes so room service could make a delivery and housekeeping tried to come in - without knocking!- The tv was really out of date (boxy) and kind of fuzzy.- Towels were rather stiff.Overall, we had a great time at the MGM Grand. Fiamma was delicious and KA was amazing - see it if you can! We only stayed two nights, so the things I listed as cons might have bothered me more if we had stayed longer. It's a decent hotel in a good location. I wouldn't stay here again unless it happened to be a really great price.
3	My boyfriend was offered a free three night stay in a deluxe room, so we decided to take an impromptu Vegas trip. The Room:Our stay was, well... "A-OK" (just like the yelp rating definition). The bed was comfortable, the bathroom was clean enough, and check-in was painless. For the most part, the room was a typical  hotel room, however; it lacked amenities that I expect all Vegas hotels to offer. For example, the room lacked a coffee/tea maker, mini-fridge, and microwave; guests have to pay $25 to use the fitness center; and the walls were very thin so you could hear your neighbors clearly.If you get a good deal on a room, then I say go for it. But I wouldn't recommend the room if you have to pay the full-price weekend rate. The Hotel:MGM has a lot of dining options. You can eat at a McDonald's for lunch and Emeril's for dinner. And I like that. There are also a lot of entertainment options, such as shows, the large pool area, and clubs. I really don't have any complaints about the hotel.
4	Awesome place, as big as it can be. A complete city. It was that big that we had to walk for so long to get tithe pool. Clean Hotel, wide rooms. However, the temperature of the A/C in the halls was too cold. Great selection of restaurant. The casino area was well ventilated, even though people smoked, we could hardly smell it.
4	We only got a taste of the MGM Grand but it seems to hold it's standards pretty high despite all the traffic that it attracts with KA and the Arena Fights/Concerts and all the 5 Star restaurants. Also, the prices for the rooms seem to be consistently mid range despite it being so popular. They must attract a lot of high rollers. The plethora of Michelin rated eateries is very impressive. Even the non-Michelin rated restaurants are pretty impressive. I have been to Pearl, Emeril's, L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon, and Wolfgang Puck's. I have just scratched the surface and will try more in the future for sure. The rooms were pretty nice when I stayed here a few years ago. Moderately sized and clean. The only thing that really bugs about this casino is the extremely long hikes from the front of the hotel to the back where all the restaurants are. Even from the valet station, it's pretty far. Everything is so far apart. I guess that's how they get you to play. You get tired from walking, sit down at a machine, and say, what the heck and play a $100 while you rest. Good strategy. All in all, this hotel really tries to cater to it's regulars. Why else would you scrap a brand new lion entrance just because it's bad luck in some cultures. That was a big renovation but I'm sure the dividends were much higher.
2	Check the top of your tv cabinet!!Hmmm....the main reason we stayed was the lazy river.  We went with some friends who insisted that the lazy river was the best thing in the world and it was pretty awesome.  So they get one star for that.  It was great, but very crowded (of course) and they would close it early sometimes if they thought there were too many drunk people.  I am subtracting 4 stars because our two rooms were dirty.  In our room, I found long black hairs all over the bathroom and the top of our tv cabinet had trash on it.  It probably hadn't been cleaned since it was installed.  Honestly though, the only way we were able to see it is that my husband is 6'6".  The maids probably can't even reach.  It is still gross though and our friends' room was even worse.  They had a condom box on the top of the tv cabinet with empty wrappers along with trash and dirt.  They also found a bloody kleenex under their couch.  Completely unacceptable.They get one star back because when my husband complained they gave us one night back on each room.   We were highly disappointed overall in our stay.
4	i've stayed at the MGM twice now and both times were great.. so i'm confident this hotel is pretty consistent and if i ever stay here again, my stay will probably be just as good as the last. the reason i dont stay here that often though is that its just too far from where me and my friends like to play. but overall, i really do like this hotel. its one of the OG hotels on the strip and they always have good room deals.  the lobby is HUGE and beautiful and is always fun to walk through. rooms are clean and fairly large, if the place isnt too booked, its pretty easy to get upgraded to a suite, just ask nicely =)buffets not bad either, they have pretty much the same selection as the more expensive ones such as bellagio and wynn, but for a much cheaper price. and plus they have their lion habitat! where you can go see the simbas and nalas of vegas without having to pay.. i think its like $15 to see the white tigers at mirage.. which im sure anyone would rather spend on a hand of blackjack or roulette. right? haha.
4	The only bad thing that happened to me was that my toilet got clogged. luckily it was the last night so it didn't really bother us...that could really happen to anyone and any hotel..The beds were comfy, nice bathroom, the pool is really cool with that lazy river. great Bars and club...fantastc restaurants...the second largest hotel in the world really does have something for everyone...This place is not the Bellagio but for the price it's worth it..
4	This place is so freakin huge, I liked watching the lions.My sis in law got married in the little chapel here, then wepartied in their honeymoon suite. That was cool!!I really like their pool area and lazy river,  they rented acabana and we drank all day, fun times!
3	We had booked a non-smoking room but upon arrival, and seeing how large the hotel was, we decided to get a smoking room at the last minute. The front desk agent was incredibly helpful and allowed us to do so which was pretty nice. The resort fee of $15/day is  ridiculous, but I'm pretty sure they all charge this now (for use of the safe & internet).The room was amazingly clean for a smoking room. The bathroom was super clean and has excellent lighting for getting ready. The only thing wrong with our room was the safe didn't work (got security to fix it within half an hour after we called). The casino is pretty boring, I enjoyed the one at the New York across the street and at The Flamingo. This hotel looks close to everything, but it really isn't. Even with the monorail station there it feels like everything takes forever to get to and it doesn't help the monorail is $5 per a use. DONT TAKE A CAB IN THIS CITY...the drivers are rude and drive recklessly. I saw lots of other tourists freaking out after getting out. Ours told us to f*** off (wtf?)All in all it's a very average hotel, it's pool is top notch but the rooms are very plain (with no laundry rooms available, weak air conditioners and $3 pop machines). If you're looking for cheap accommodations without the frills I would definitely suggest staying here.
4	We checked into the West Wing for a Saturday night stay (after a disappointing Friday night at the Luxor). The room was nice, but I'm not sure I liked the bathroom set up. No privacy at all. The bed was so comfortable, we fell asleep at 7pm and woke up at 7am (bummer that we missed a Saturday night out though!!). The hotel was a huge maze and the best part was the pool. I can't even remember how many pools they had, but the best was the lazy river. Plus, the pool wasn't crazy crowded and we could even find two seats next to each other. I'd definitely consider staying here again, but probably not in the west wing.
3	The rooms here need attention.  Otherwise, get your comfy shoes for a walk through the small city they call the MGM Grand.  Oh, and sit in Rouge and watch all the guidos and guidettes walk through the Casino in their bathing suits.  Good people-watching.
1	We stayed at this hotel a month ago for the WFG convention. We had a suite but we were totally disappointed. The room was dark, the carpet was musty & stained. The TV should be in the museum. The web bar drainage was clogged. The fridge is not cold, we can hear some weird noises coming through some pipes in the wall at night ... We went to the advertised Happy Hour, and after a long wait to be seated, we were only then told the Happy Hour is only for the bar area. The pools are nice but I got ripped off at the pool bar. I bought one of those huge margaritas (totally diluted down to sugar water) and was told I could get free refills; of course I found out the truth the next day when I went back for the refills.
4	Really like this casino, it is a little more open and they had more tables going during the week.
3	I have to call this place average. There were some aspects which I really found positive, and some which I found to be poor.I'll start with the good:Clean room with ample roomSmoke free rooms, which aren't everywhere in VegasFront drive is off the strip so it's easy to get in and out ofOffers great room specials since they have almost 6,000 to sellThe bad:Service, I had some major issues during the stay. I was checked into the wrong room type even after the front desk agent repeatedly said 2 Queens? and I corrected her no I want 1 King. She said ok I have you in a one king. I walked into a room with two queens. this is frustrating after taking almost an hour to check in to have to go back to the desk. You'll never get anyone on the phone. When I got to the desk, they argued with me that I booked two queens. I'm not a moron, I have a confirmation for a K1 in my hand, don't insult me. Size. Took me 4 days of exploring to even see all the place, and I think I still missed some things.Feeling of indefference. I don't think any of the staff there really liked their jobs, as they sure as hell don't want you to feel like you're important. Oh well. I'd be upset too if it were this much a hassle to get to and from work and I had to deal with non english speakers all day.
2	A few years ago, this was one of my preferred places to stay. But if you don't strive to always improve, someone else will outshine you.The buildings location is solid. I enjoy this end of the strip. Its not a far walk to get to other main focal points like the Bellagio or Caesars. The main areas of entertainment are bright and exciting, and the pool is up-kept nicely. But, its time for a remodel. Everything is the same, it offers no new or differentiating features to distinguish themselves from the other properties. Sure they have those poor and sad looking captive creatures are unique to the MGM, and no matter your stance on placing a large cat in the middle of the dessert, they are only entertaining for a whole 5 minutes. I do very much enjoy KA (amazing), but Wet Republic and the CSI attractions were decent. Go elsewhere for entertainment and exciting things to do.My room was deplorable. I understand people go to Vegas and do stupid things in their hotel rooms, but I don't want my "freshly cleaned room" to still smell like a reefers college dorm. But worse, upon complaint the guest services would only put an ozone machine to try to help offset the horrible smell and denied my room change request. Even on the second complaint the next day they just said they were sorry and offered free buffet tickets. Sad.This will be my last visit here, you were once a gem and hopefully can learn and grow.
5	The Grand Spa is not to be overlooked.  Pay the extra $15 (M-Th) or $25( weekends) to be fully pampered.  The ambiance is relaxing and the facility is gorgeous.  Staff are attentive and accommodating.  Loved it!
4	The casino is great and full of life but the hotel rooms aren't keeping up with the crowd....not suites like venetian or palazzo and it's kinda far from the poppin' clubs. if you want to just gamble then stay here.
4	If you're looking to go to Vegas and stay in one place and avoid the miserable heat, this will probably be your place. Sure, the rooms are a little dated and it is massive so it takes 30 minutes to walk everywhere, but you also don't have to walk outside in the oppressive heat.Like everything else in Vegas, it is spotlessly clean. The food selections are bountiful with everything from McDonald's to Emeril's and the casino is giant. The pools I hear were nice, albeit hot, and the conference facilities were great. It's Vegas, it's all pretty good.
2	Man, this place has definitely gone down hill over the years.  It's certainly not the marquee property for MGM/Mirage it once was (That would be the Bellagio now).  Last time I stayed here was back in February '10 with some friends who were visiting.  The hotel room decor was rather bland and probably hasn't been updated since the hotel opened, but more importantly the bathroom was in a state of disrepair.  The sink faucets were leaking and the shower was lukewarm at best.  To sum things up, the hotel has a whole quantity over quality feel to it.  Not worth the price you will pay for the rooms.A much better option is to stay at  the Signature Towers, which are attached to the MGM property.  These are much nicer and you still get access to the MGM pool, which is by far the best feature of the MGM.
3	Even though we usually are more selective about where we stay, we picked MGM for our last minute trip because of the good price and the option to go to Wet Republic. When we got here, The line to check in was long and slow. But once we got that taken care of, we only encountered helpful and friendly staff from that point forward. We walked around and couldn't find our way to our room, and there are actually people around to help!MGM being one of the "older" hotels on the strip, we only hoped for a clean place to stay. We we were surprised that, although the decor is simple, the room DID NOT smell like a hotel room (not even like a stinky Vegas room!), and was clean. Decent bed linens and pillows. 19" regular ol' tv. Bathroom counter top that would fit 2 women getting ready at the same time. Normal shower/bathtub. No bells and whistles but good enough to call it home for 2 days!I only gave it 3 stars because I feel like every hotel on the strip needs to at least have a flat screen and mini bar or fridge. This room did not. Also, albeit clean with marble floors and accents, the bathroom showed the age of the hotel, as it clearly had not been updated very much at all. Overall clean, good location, nice staff. I wouldn't mind coming back again if I was seeking a good deal.
1	WOW, was I bamboozled when I booked this place! Not only did they misrepresent what the actual room s you book look like online but the place was anything but clean!I booked a room at the MGM for my 30th birthday thinking that this hotel was going to be awesome and I was WRONG!  When my boyfriend and I walked into our room we were a bit shocked at the decor! This place really has not been updated at ALL like they said and to top it off there was BLOOD in our bathroom! That's right BLOOD!  We called housekeeping before dinner to comae and clean it and when we arrived back at our room a few HOURS later it was STILL THERE (GROSS)!  I finally had to get a hold of a manager to take care of it.  Once they "cleaned" it we went back out and to my surprise when I returned, I noticed there was blood stains on the shower curtain and stained in the cracks of the marble! Also, beware of the "resort fee" you 'll be charged EVERY night you stay (it's $10 a day)!  I was shocked when I saw an extra $50 added to my bill at check out because we were told we paid the fee when we arrived!Needless to say, we will NEVER return here again! I would however recommend The Mirage, it's clean, fun and the employee's like they're jobs there!
3	Just got back from a 3 night stay at the MGM Grand.  Normally I don't like staying on this end of the strip - I've been spoiled by rooms at the Venetian you see - but when going on the dime of a company, you go where they tell you.  Curiously, I had to pay for Sunday night since the conference didn't start until Monday.  It was only $110 so I didn't think it was that bad.I had a room in the West Wing or whatever they call it, not the Tower rooms.  That wing of the MGM has seen better days for sure.  I had to walk down probably the longest, coldest hallway ever to get to the elevator to go up to my room.  There were stains all over the floor - luckily the dim lighting hid it a bit.  OR you could walk through the West Wing bar and then to the elevator.  The room was A-OK though.  It was decorated in a throwback 70s style sort of.  The bathroom had glass sink and shelving all in one piece, but also had separate shower and toilet.  Everything had glass doors though and even if they were frosted I'd say you'd better be pretty close to your roomie before you start lathering up.  I was absolutely FASCINATED by the TV in the bathroom - it was inside the mirror.  Yes, completely flat inside the mirror.  I watched TV every time I got ready just because I thought it was so funny!  The light was completely embedded in the mirror also.Speaking of mirrors, there were a lot of them in the bedroom part of the room too.  The entire closet and also the wall beside it was mirrored.  A retro chair stood over to the side.  The bed was huge and was so phenomenally soft and comfy with feather pillows.  MMMM so good when you come home tipsy and want to pass out.  I liked that it was positioned far away from the door so that no noise from the hallway could reach you while sleeping.  I didn't like NO mini bar, the stained carpet, and the fact that some of the molding around the bottom of the room was cracked off and no repairs had been made.  Made it look a little shabby.  But hell, are you even in the room anyway? The casino was ok - slots were not very loose (insert Beavis and Butthead laugh here).  Bartenders were friendly.  Food court had some decent fast food options (Nathan's hot dogs, some Asian place with fresh meats that you picked out, pizza, McDonald's, Starbucks) and there were fancy pants restaurants too.  The conference center was also a decent size and they had a large ballroom for large events (free Foghat and Kansas show?  Yes please!).  I really liked the Centrifuge bar where you could play video poker, drink, listen to bangin' tunes, and watch the hot bartenders dance on the bar.  The pool looked fun too (even if a chemical spill did cause problems just 2 days before I was there) and I hear Wet Republic is the bomb diggity so no problems there.  You can also take the monorail from here to other casinos in the area.  They even have a few stores for shopping, although not very many options so go somewhere else to buy an outfit.I think MGM Grand is A-OK for a reasonably priced room where you can crash while drunk.  I'm not going to be clamoring to stay here, but if I am paying my own money I might consider it.
4	I love this place! my gf and i went over to LA and vegas a while back and stayed here. If you want to be where its at, this is def. the place to be! it seems like all the young people are here and its awesome! i thought the room would suck because its so cheap but the room we got was better than when i stayed in Paris and Flamingo (both of which are more expensive) but when we got there, the bed was super clean and comfy and the bathroom size was big enough for  2 girls to run around in, it was perfect! Also, i think they made this hotel to where u dont have to go anywhere else as they have like  15 or more restaurants ranging from mcdonalds to woolf gang puck! i love it! and there are also a few night clubs to pick from, as well as the massive casiono! Only bad thing is, its really far from everything else as it is on the very end of the strip, but if u dont mind walking, i recommend this place!
3	THE MGM is a cool place....it has a damn golden lion!! Anyways...short review....im giving it 3 stars...cuz this casino robbed me of all my money at the tables...I can never win here for some reason....UNTIL THEN ^-^
3	Not one of the finest hotels and establishments in Vegas but definitely the most bang for your buck. The hotel is nice and well maintained the restaurants are above par and the new wet lounge is awesome. Have not been disappointed and is above value resort. Since MGM is a value resort and casino the crowd has and occupants are younger. College kids often reside there and the rowdiness can be annoying for those trying to get some sleep. I may have stayed at MGM at least 10 times in the past 3 years and there is only so much noise and smell of weed in a non smoking floor that I can take. My advice is if you're looking a place to relax, you might as well pay more for Venetian, Wynn, Bellagio, etc
3	It's fairly tacky. I only went to the pool. Not sure if it required stay at the hotel, but we just followed some people in. The drinks are horrible, ($25 for the frozen pina colada) because they barely have any alcohol in them, and they take 20 minutes to make 1. I thought they were getting trained or something, dang. The pools are all dirty, cloudy, luke warm..ew. There were plenty of people, 5:1 ratio (and not in the way I know you're hoping it was), so it might seem alive and popping, but if you look closely...I might come here if I have a good ratio with me, but won't go looking around here.
4	Our room was in the West tower, and I loved it! Small, but amazingly laid out, with modern decor touches that were so nice. I especially loved the TV in the vanity mirror and the dimming light towers! I LOVE crisp, clean, fresh  white sheets!I am not a fan of crowds and confusion, so the lobby is nuts, but the upstairs was quiet, clean, and I got a great night's sleep. You would never know there is such a restless city beneath you when you are in your room. Valet parking only, so be sure you get everything you need out of your car before they wisk it away to points unknown. The valets were very fast and efficient tho, and were quite accomodating when I had to request my car be brought round because I forgot a pair of shoes in the back. This is Vegas, expect expensive food & drinks, and a chaotic lobby. We saw KA (Cirque's show) that evening, and it was SPECTACULAR! There just aren't words to describe the magnatude of that show, its tech specifications, its artistry, the details. It is something to see!!!! Don't miss it! There was no trouble getting tickets we got a great discount. The show was worth double every penny! You can expect a really nice room at the MGM Grand, and I would stay here again.
4	The hotel is in the beginning of the strip which makes it easier accessible to and from the airport (5-10 min), less traffic. on the other hand it is an older hotel. don't be fooled by the room 'Celebrity Spa Suite' which in reality is a poor man's celebrity spa suite. regular rooms are just as good only smaller, and in order to get to the Celebrity Spa Suite you need to take a detour through old parts of the hotel.The staff with exception of few dealers and cocktail waitress are very cool. talk to them and most likely the will hook you up with something whether it is a free pass to the nightclubs (Tabu or Studio 54 or even Wet Republic) or even the buffet. we Got all!you can get the rooms at a very good price. the trick is to sign up for their email promotions on the website and compare that with other online deals. Our deal was $35 a night cheaper than the cheapest deal online.the restaurants are GREAT too, just wished we went to more of them.
3	Two beds, four walls, shower, toilet and a door. Can't complain too much. This is a big hotel and carrying luggage from the car to the room can be a journey. Bright side is that it's a workout in itself.  Thin walls and elevators can be a pain when it's crowded.  Plus side is they have decent dining options when balling on a budget.  The best part of the is hotel would have to be the Fat Tuesday they have once you enter from the parking structure.
4	Overall, the place I remember from back when I was a kid... I came here not to long ago, its been sometime. Nice to see you again MGM!However, I can drink this time around. I must say the pool, its pretty amazing. Honestly, I say experience a pool party once, But really, its not needed. Theres just as much fun outside the "party." We make our own party, no entrance fee needed. The lazy pool was nice. We got prime seats next to the lazy river, and was able to sit in the water and relax. The drinks are semi expensive, probably about $12-15. Average, I know. The waitress was nice. She didnt seem the happiest person. Dont blame her in that heat!Now about the rooms, they are comfy and the staff is nice. However, no mirros besides the one in the bathroom?! Really? I dont think I have heard of such a thing. Only downfall. Overall, family friendly hotel, but still keeps that young feel to have fun and party.
4	Gotta love vegas.. especially when you live in the rainy northwest and those desert swimming pools are just a cheap two hour flight away.  Once you've decided to brave the place some call the devil's backbone, your lodging options are virtually unlimited..  from the stratosphere and imperial palace at $40 a night weekdays to $300 a night and up rooms at the bellagio and wynn.  The MGM is squarely in the middle money-wise.   If you sign up for their player's club card and throw a couple hundred bucks in the slots you will start getting some pretty generous offers in your email box.. this goes for most of the hotels.  Especially in this shaky economy, those rooms are just sitting there and they'd rather have you there for super cheap than staying at home in des moines watching tv and eating pizza.  Walking up to the desk and checking into a comped room is a pretty sweet feeling and chicks dig it.  Overall i've had great times and excellent service at the MGM.  Check in has always been pretty quick and fairly smooth especially compared to their sister property the mirage.  I'd say if high floor strip view rooms aren't available, stay in the west wing.. the rooms are smaller and further away but are really nice.  When i've had an issue they are there for you (i accidentally messed up my room safe code and they were there pretty quick).  Room service is super spendy cuz they want you to "get it on tha floor" like DMX so yep ordering up a six pack of coors light is like thirty bucks!  There are little stores by the elevators where you can buy beer, cigarettes, bottles of liquor and other "basic necessities" (insert stupid internet smiley thing here).  There's a food court with pizza, mcdonalds and a nathan's famous on the way to the pool that can save you a lot of dough on chow.  The casino is huge and great with excellent staff and the sports book is awesome.  There's always good fun music by the pools and throughout the hotel.  Somehow the tunes seem to always fit what i am up to.. I'll lose my friends and then hear "without you" by motley crue or find myself playing slots at 4am on april fools day to bob seger's still the same..  "you always lost every time u placed a bet".  Ahh the irony!. The biggest disadvantage to the mgm is the distance from your room to the pool - it's a serious hike. Then again the best thing about the mgm IS the pool complex.. seven pools, jacuzzis, a "lazy river" floaty deal and different vibes at each pool.  The 'producers pool'  has some lanes blocked off for lap swimming which is great for curing your inevitable hangover.  If you want a mellower or more lively scene.. just move to another pool!   If you want that fun, party-ish singles aqua club vibe that's hip with the fake boob crowd, the "wet republic" pool is worth checkin' out..so long as u don't mind hearing lil wayne and daft punk at a volume slightly quieter than the jet you flew in on.  Don't worry it's not all obnoxious like rehab sundays at the hard rock.  However it will cost you twenty bones if u posess "a five letter word rhymin' wif meanus or cleanus".  All in all the mgm is a good base of operations.  It's away from the center of the strip, which for me is ok.  A cab over to the hard rock and double down saloon is less than ten bucks. You can catch the las vegas monorail up to mid-strip from within the hotel - www.lvmonorail.com.  Or there is a little free monorail that goes the other way from the excalibur next door to the luxor and mandalay bay if you wanna try your luck elsewhere, see the shark reef or perhaps catch a show at the house of blues.  The biggest mistake that new visitors to vegas make is not having a plan.  Have at least a rough idea or two for each night you stay so you aren't just wandering around like a confused moose in heat.  Hit the bellagio fountains and some other strip attractions one night, go to freemont street the next and pick a night to go see a show or sporting event - visitlasvegas.com will list all the goings-on if you plug in your dates.  Most of all don't think that you have to do everything because you can't.  Remember that it's ok to just chill by tha pool.  Limit your gambling and stay away from tha hookers and it can be a super cheap and rad vacation!
3	This is not a typical review in that I did not stay here, I stayed at the signature.The reason I am reviewing it though, is because i ended up here when I was looking for my friends who booked our hotel room and didn't specify which MGM.  Luckily the two were connected -- but here's what happened.After waiting in a massive line (there were 10 big lines I think with 10+ people in each) we gave them our room number, the girl who booked the room, and our names.  Nothing came up.We asked her if MGM had the pool Wet Republic or The Director's Pool -- and she didn't know.  I looked up and saw their huge screens advertising Wet Republic (which is where my friends said they would be in their last text)It was mostly just annoying that she didn't really offer much customer service.  We later found another guy that directed us to the pool.  I don't think this is a typical experience, but it did leave a bad impression.
4	We had a very nice room with comfortable beds. I appreciated that it was both dark and quiet... these are very important qualities for hotel rooms in Las Vegas as you'll want to be able to sleep at any hour of the day or night.We also had a nice view up on the 23rd floor... it was kind of a pain waiting for the elevator every time we wanted to go up and down, but once there the view was nice.The decor was Old Hollywood themed... pictures of old stars, etc. The theme was not over the top though.The pool, as you'll read in a separate review, is AWESOME.The only reason this place is not getting five stars is that the casino is an absolute MAZE... it drove me crazy to try to walk from my room to the pool and back. I mean, like, *CRAZY.*
1	I don't know where to begin!My Ant a 64 year old woman who had a stroke and her left side is paralyzed came to visit me in california. She mentioned how much she wanted to see the Cirque Du Soleil show in Las Vegas, so I thought it would be the greatest experience for her considering she has never been to vegas nor a Cirque Du Soleil Show. I booked 3 tickets for KA and a stay at MGM GRAND because it was most convinent .I called MGM GRAND and reserved a room in the Grand Tower for my Ant and I. I paid about $180 for a room (including resort fee of $11) for 1 night only. The price did not bother me, but the awful service I recieved for my money did!!I checked in a little before 1pm on Friday September 17th, 2010 after waiting in enourmous lines. The reservation agent was very nice and polite, he gave me a room on the 27th floor with a beautiful view of the strip.As soon as I enter the room, I was overwhemled by the intoxicating smell of cigarettes that lingered in the room!! WHICH MY ROOM WAS ON A NON SMOKING FLOOR!! My Ant suffers from asthma and she found it very hard to breath after 20minutes in the room. I called the concierge to see what they could do about this situation. They suggested sending a box up to my room that would clear the smoke, but it would take an hour and I could not be in the room while the box was working it's magic.I politely asked the concierge if they could wait until 2pm to bring the box up, giving us enough time to settle our things, change and go for lunch.At 1:21pm an attendant knocked on our door with the magical smoke box. I remember clearly saying 2pm! I asked the attendant to give me 5minutes to gather ourselves for lunch since I was not expecting him here until 2pm.We headed to the Grand Buffet @ MGM for lunch around $20 per person. BIG MISTAKE! not the price, but the food! The buffet selection was not GRAND more like BLAND!! The food was cold and lacked variety, certainly not what I expected from a Resort.Around 3:30pm I checked back into my room and WOW THE HORRIBLE SMELL OF CIGARETTES WAS STILL THERE! and It wasn't my imagination, but the smell was worse AND THE MAGICAL SHIT BOX WAS STILL THERE! (this box was only suppose to be in my room for 40minutes-1hour max) I thought maybe we could tolerate it considering the view was nice. 10 minutes later my Ant was complaining about her respiratory system and I called the concierge to see if there was something else we could do. They said they could switch me from the 27th floor to the 17th floor. I thought "Really? your going to drop me 10 floors? I could've paid $40 dollars more and have a junior suite at The Signature Towers then put up with this bullshit at the Grand Towers.4:30pm I took all of my luggage and headed downstairs to the concierge where I told the manager that I wanted my money back, I no longer wanted to stay in this hotel and that their service is horrible. They clearly were neglecting me and switching me to whatever was most convenient for them and I've had enough. I told her that I checked in a little before 1pm and I had been dealing with my room situation for 4 1/2 hours which was unacceptable and clearly unprofessional.She gave me the most fake courtesy speech that sounded like it came straight out of her ass. "All of our guests are important, just like you." And blah blah blah. If I was important to you, I wouldn't have to deal with this hassle. she offered a room on the same floor same view different angle, I looked at my aunt and felt terrible so I accepted.The room was like our first room but without the horrible smell. This should've been our first room.I didn't have much time, and could only stay in Vegas for 1 night. I had plans of enjoying the pool side for an hour or two which I didn't get to do. The only thing we did do was visit Cesar's Palace 'The Forum Shops' before check in at MGM GRAND and The Cirque Du Soleil show KA at 9:30pm.The KA show was spectacular, truly mind blowing and gave me a memory that will last a lifetime. MGM GRAND also gave me a memory that will last a lifetime:  I'M NEVER STAYING IN THIS HOTEL AGAIN, I WILL NEVER RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL, THEY LEFT ME WITH THE FEELING OF BEING PUNY AND NOT WORTHY OF PROPER SERVICE.MGM GRAND, I hate you. Ka was the only thing you had to offer that made my horrible stay a bit better. I will never return to your hotel under this management!I wasted 4  1/2 hours of my time, of my life when I could have been laying by the pool or at the spa enjoying my 1 day vacation in Vegas. Thank you for the memories.OH AND TO TOP IT OFF-  AS WE'RE CHECKING OUT OF OUR ROOM AT 4AM, OUR NON SMOKING HALLWAY REAKED OF CIGARETTE, AND WE SHARED THE ELEVATOR WITH A PROSITUTE THAT WAS STILL PUTTING HER CLOTHES ON. MGM YOUR STANDARDS ARE REALLY GRAND!
3	When a group of us decided to hit Vegas, we booked into the MGM by default since one of our friends stays there regularly and belongs to the Players Club: rooms were comped, so I'm not gonna complain on that front.  I also have a friend who works in Vegas hospitality and managed to finagle an upgrade for husband and me to a 26th floor, Strip-view, "Celebrity Spa" suite which was enormous, nicely appointed, had a fantastic whirlpool tub b-room and perfectly comfortable bed, and a night view that dazzled like a fully lit Christmas tree.  So again, I'm not gonna complain about the room.  As others have mentioned, water pressure might be better, shower head a little higher, and the furniture could use some sprucing.  All in all just fine, tho.The casino itself, however, is one of the more uninspired on the Strip and finding your way around is like getting dropped off in the Sierras without a topo map and being told to orienteer your way out.  Ridiculously and unnecessarily confusing.  And check-in is a gigantic, frustratingly long cluster.   I find MGM's casino a bit boring and "low key" for the Strip, too -- if your theme is Hollywood, let's play it up a bit shall we?  I don't think anyone visiting Vegas is going to poo-poo an over-the-top, themed casino.  I will say the lion habitat is entertaining, though I always worry about quality of life for caged animals.  I was much relieved to learn that many different lions are rotated in and out on a regular basis, so they're never in the enclosure longer than 5 hours daily, aren't there every day, and live on a free-range ranch outside the city when they're not at MGM.Dealers and croupiers (for the most part) are great here, though.  Funny, charming, and personable well-oiled machines throwing out cards and spinning roulette wheels with panache.
1	My friend and were guest at the MGM,we checked in Thursday and stayed until Sunday. Friday we went to the wet republic were my friends purse was taken,we spent about 3 hours filling reports etc...my friend needed to buy new makeup because it was in the purse,when she went to buy new makeup she told a lade that worked at the MGM that her credit card was canceled because her purse was taken, we received a phone call that we need to check out of the hotel because they assumed we had no method of payment .We went to talk to the people at the check out desk to ask why they would check us out with out talking to us ,all they said was basically to bad for us. We payed for our stay in cash ,it was not a problem to do so .THe people at the hotel were os no help to help us find the purse, all they car about is them self,and if we had no cash we would of been out on street,everything was in the purse ATM cards create cards etc.... This is just not write the security at the hotel dropped the ball at the pool, and then they want to kick us out!!!! I will never stay at the MGM.Also they over crowd there clubs, service sucks,and you can't even get water, they make you buy it for$6 a bottle, it's so hot water should free!!
2	Stayed here about a week ago for a trade show being held at the Mandalay Bay - MB was sold out and beyond my company's budget so we chose MGM.  Service was great for the most part (exception was when I reported broken hinge on armoire - see below), but our room was terrible.  The first night there was an awful jet-engine sound somewhere outside - no idea where or how, as we were on the 27th floor.  Additionally, the ventilation system was horrible, we could smell smoke (non-smoking floor) AND smelly whory perfume.  We were supposedly upgraded to a suite, but this was no more than a slightly large room.  When we got to the room immediately after checking in, I noticed that the armoire had a broken hinge.  Not wanting to be charged for it, I called the front desk to report the problem.  The woman I spoke with was quite rude and told me that I wouldn't be charged for it and that she was pretty certain that engineering already know about it but that she would report it AGAIN (my first time calling about it).  We kept our "privacy" sign on the door since I spread my work out all over and basically we're messy and didn't want anyone to see our mess until we're ready to pack it up....however, engineering felt it necessary to come in and make the repair despite the "privacy" sign while we were out.  I figured since we were "upgraded" the room would have a fridge and/or coffeemaker or some kind of amenities for people not interested in spending $500 per meal.  Nope.The casino was filled with the most clueless and sheltered people on the planet.  For crying out loud people, it's just Vegas - don't get out much?  No need to take a photo of EVERY damn thing!  Or stopping mid-walkway for no reason other than to stand there and look around.  Get out of the way!  Some people have places to be!The pool was a million miles away and wasn't really all that exciting - especially since the frozen drinks were SO expensive and we couldn't find a cocktail waitress to save our lives.  Since I was there to work, I found it very distracting and annoying that it was so loud at night CONSTANTLY.  We stayed 3 nights and couldn't wait to get home - we will definitely not stay here again nor recommend to friends.  Bummer.
5	This review is on their breakfast. Everything about their breakfast is amazing, except for the orange juice. I wasn't a big fan of the orange juice. They make simple dishes with extremely high quality.Croissants:The croissants are one of the best I've ever had. They are crisp on the outside and soft on the inside. They are served with an assortment of jams, which are all delicious. We asked for some chocolate croissants as well, which are also very tasty.Bread:They brought out an assortment of breads with butter. I liked the bread so much that we ordered a cheese plate to enjoy with.Entrees:I ordered the Huevos Rancheros, which was really good and extremely spicy. I was told that the spiciness was a bit hotter than normal, but I loved it. So, if it comes out not too spicy, I would ask for them to get you additional sauce to spice it up a bit more.I tried the steak and eggs, which are basic steak and eggs. Nothing really special here, but it's good. I also tried this beef rib item, which was very good as well.Pancakes are made with great quality and are tasty. Not the best I have ever had, but they are good.Waffles are also great and match the best waffles I've had.Service:It was very attentive and perfect. I felt like I had a bottomless tea cup the whole breakfast.Recommendation:Sit in the outside patio, which actually inside, but looks like outside. It's really nice.
2	My friends and I stayed here for reading week feb 16-18 we were a group that ranged in age from 19-25. We got fairly decent rates for our short trip and that is why we stayed here.Check in/ Check out: We checked in at about 1PM there was a huge line and it moved slowly. We were told we were too early and our rooms were not ready. I have been to Vegas many times and checked in before the designated 3PM time and had to problems. We booked two rooms and were advised to call a number on a card after 3 and to leave our bags with the bellmen which we did. After returning to the hotel after a nice lunch our rooms were still not ready. It was about 4PM by this time, by 4:10 we were able to check into 1/2 of our rooms. The other people didn't get their room until about 5PM. When we complained they didn't offer us anything so we asked for a late check out for that room for no charge and were given it. Check out was a lot easier as we prepaid everything and did not have to deal with any staff members.Location: MGM Grand is very close to the airport and our cab fare was under $15. It is near the end of the strip, close to Luxor across from NYNY but it's a quick walk to the action part of the strip.Food: There were a lot of options as are as places to eat, drink etc. There is a great food court located near the Casino that had a great selection like an amazing pizza place and every ones favorite McDonald's. There is also a Starbucks as well. We eat at the buffet on our last day, it had a great selection of food and was fairly cheap $12 I think.This hotel is huge and has everything you could possibly need but I would not stay here again, there was nothing over the top that would make me want to return.
5	we stayed at the signature.. so.. here goes nothing.we went up to the concierge to find showings for zoomanity tickets.woo.. did we go to the right lady. she was soo sweet. she helped us out and managed to give us a great deal on the tix. yay!
4	It's a huge property with an equally huge parking garage (try to rememer where you parked or you could get lost). Also, you're not allowed to stay in your car if you're in the parking lot- lots of security guards on bikes surveying the parking lot levels. I remember when the lion's mouth was the entrance into the casino, but the asian high rollers/gamblers believed it was "bad luck." That was changed- quickly. Home of the free attraction Lion Habitat (it's free, go see it) and the only Rainforest Cafe in LV (bit of a walk getting there), some good reasons to visit. Also remember years ago, 'The Wizard of Oz" display- it's been quite a while, but that was so neat. Bu thought I should mention it. Seen good reviews of the pool, which has a lazy river. Considering a staycation here (never done it) since there are good rates available for locals on www.stayandplayhere.com.
4	we went a group of people and we were able to stay on the same floor. Even the members of our group that came the next day. had to Sacrifice our king bed for the group but it was worth it...Really nice hotel. Front desk was helpful. easy to get around. Wet republic kicked us out b/c we weren't sexy enough, i guess...Our group had to go back and change into proper pool club attire, whatever that means. The regular pool for us coomon folk was really nice...TV's and other electronics were outdated. Floors were dusty in the corners. Had some great shows and entertainment venues. Good Hotel for Vegas. It is @ the South end of the strip so you may have to walk a ways to get into the heart of the strip. Tigers were cool as well when they were up. close to Excailber, New York New York, Hooters and the Tropianca...
4	I enjoy this hotel a lot.  It's one of the oldest hotels on the strip but still looks great and has a great vibe inside the casino. The rooms are huge, but then again I have only stayed in suites at the MGM and never in a basic room.  One of the best things of this hotel is that you can check in at the airport so when you get to MGM you don't have to worry about waiting in line at the resort.  Now I have had a few difficulties with the resort and that is why they are getting 4 stars instead of 5.  But they seem to be able to make it up to me every time that something goes wrong.  If your budget is a little tight, trust me their hotel is perfect for someone's budget without breaking the bank.
1	Wrong...just wrong. One huge reason.We came from LA for a wedding at the hotel and decided to stay here for the weekend. It was convenient and we thought that it would be nice to try a different hotel on the Strip. We usually do the Monte Carlo which has always been fun. Everything was going fairly well until.....We woke up at 3am to a HORRIBLE and NOXIOUS smell emanating from the hallway. It was soooo bad, there really are no words. When we called downstairs to find out what was going on, the front desk said that they would take care of it. As we were both, at this point, wide awake, tossing and turning in bed and fighting back nausea, we decided to leave the room and go down to the casino, giving the odor a chance to go away. So we trekked down the quarter mile hallway to the elevators where we could STILL smell it. Aaaahh! When we got down to the first floor (from th 11th) we could STILL smell it. I can only describe it as the funk of forty-thousand years, but this was no Thriller. Finally, we realized that there was no escape from the horror of this experience, so we decided to just go home. At 4:00am, we started the 4 hour drive back to Los Angeles.Upon checking out, I informed the nice lady at the front desk that we were leaving due to the bad bad smell that had infiltrated our room. She then proceeded to tell us that a lot of other guests had  checked out that same night because of the same smell. When we asked what could possibly be causing such a bad smell, she said......wait for it.....wait for it.... THAT THEY WERE CLEANING THE RESTAURANT. NO! Say it aint so. That such a smell could be coming from a place where people eat. What's worse, that such a smell could travel up 11 floors to our room, wake us up, and force us to cut our trip short to drive back to Los Angeles before the sun came up. Unfortunately our two night stay was over $400, and we only got our resort fee comped which was $22. Wrong, just wrong. I'm sorry MGM I really wanted it to work, but after that experience, I can't ever go back.
3	The MGM Grand is just a massive resort complex but I've had a good experience staying here. Front desk was very accommodating because about 4 of us had booked rooms and we wanted to be on the same floor. They not only had us on the same floor but right next to each other, for the most part. The rooms are pretty standard. We got 2 queen beds. Bathroom was decent, nothing special... but no complaints about the room either. Room had decent space.Casino floor is pretty big. The MGM has a poker room so my friends like it. Across the street, NYNY does not and they would come to the MGM to play poker when we've stayed at NYNY...Lots of places to eat here. From fine dining to casual... even your everyday fast food. The food court is pretty good but McDonald's is the only option after about 3am... Long lines. Pass. Tom Collicchio's 'Wichcraft makes good artisanal sandwiches. I had the bacon/fried egg on ciabatta bread. Good stuff. Only problem with 'Wichcraft is that they're closed by early evening so it's definitely a lunchtime/daytime type of sandwich place.I've had to wait a long while for valet to bring our car on a busy day and I've also haven''t had to wait long at all when, in seeing the crowd of people waiting, I assumed I would. So the luck of the draw, i guess determines your wait time at valet.
3	For the price, this hotel is pretty good. I was there for a work trip a few months ago, and we stayed in the West Wing.  The room is ultra modern, with a very convenient sloping floor for when you forget to turn off the faucet. Yeah, the MGM has been in this rodeo for a while.The only complaint is that the casino floor is dingy and smoky, with none of the special smell pumping out of the Aria.
3	This place is very big, and confusing. There are four towers, and it's easy to get turned around. One older couple was confused at 3 a.m. (what were they doing up at that hour) and kept trying to get in our room. I watched them through the peep hole, and when I finally said "you're in the wrong hall" they took off running. I LMAO! Lots of good food choices, Nob Hill Tavern is great, but not what I expect from a Tavern. Very upscale and wonderful. They generally have 4 course prix fixed menu - go for it. Bartender was wonderful here. If you don't stay here, at lease to see the lion habitat. They walk on plexiglass right over top of you - kinda startling (but funny) when one decided she needed to relieve herself right over us. What a view - lol. Pool is nice. My son came into our room and said our bathroom was bigger than his entire room at Tropicana. This is a clean place, and very nice, but I like to be in the midst of the strip and this is further down.
2	Drinks $16 (16 oz. cups full of ice);  ATM $12.50 service fee per $100 withdrawal.  Ask to stay in the central tower,  otherwise you have to walk about 1000 feet to the elevators.   The restaurants are outrageously priced - go out on the strip to eat and drink- you'll find fairly priced restaurants.
4	Okay, this place is the definition of the Poltergeist hallway when you're in the casino.  It is massive and never ending.  MGM has some incredible rooms, restaurants, table games and shows.  It's so wild to walk all the way to the back and come up to some random doors, then walk into an 18,000 seat arena, pretty sick.Only played there a bit this past time, had fun.  Main purpose of my visit there was Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak, which I already reviewed the glorious experience there.
4	The MGM Grand Hotel & Casino has my all-time favorite pool. Some don't like the pool because it is crowded and can be loud in certain areas (namely, around the lazy river). I, however, love the lively energy of the pool. The music, the people, the lazy river and flowing drinks all add up to a great day in the sun. Besides, if you really do want a quieter lounging experience, stay in the first pool to the right. The music is more mellow there (a lot of Classic Rock and Oldies) and the crowd isn't there for the party so you won't be disturbed while taking your sun-induced naps. And, if you do choose to drink, the cocktail servers are more attentive in this section since they don't have 20 drunk frat boys yelling for another round constantly.Also, this pool is one of the best places to people watch. I have seen crazy, gross, hilarious and sad all in one day before.Now for the rooms. The beds here are the most comfortable beds I have slept on in Vegas. They look nice too, with white comforters accented by navy blue (in most rooms). I am often times tempted to go to Vegas just to sleep all weekend in one of those beds. The standard rooms aren't anything spectacular, but those beds make up for the lack of pizazz. The rooms in the towers are nicer and more spacious than the rooms in the main hotel. Regardless of what room you stay in, YOU WILL GET LOST the first 5 times you try to get there. The MGM is massive. One of the biggest and most spread out casino/hotel/entertainment centers in Vegas. You can follow the signs all you want but you will still get lost. After a day or two you should get used to walking around and will only have to use the signs as a basic guide. You will know to stay to the left of such and such restaurant to get to the side of the casino that leads to the pool. You will know that if you can find the "walk" then you can find the pool and the chain restaurants. So on and so on. The most difficult part of navigating the MGM is realizing that despite the MGM's strip location, their lobby/valet/taxi area is relatively far off the strip on Tropicana. So if you try to find the "front" of the hotel by using your natural sense of direction, you will end up in the sports book. MGM also houses Studio 54 nightclub which is a great club several nights a week. Tuesdays and Fridays have both been fun there. I rarely play the table games at the MGM. The $10 tables are usually too crowded and I refuse to EVER play more than that as a minimum bet. What's the point? I can bet $50 a hand at a $10 table, but don't have to if I'm not feelin' the cards.If you like slot machines, you will be in heaven. There are more slot machines than people on the casino floor... and the casino floor is always busy.The dining options at MGM are varied. You can get McDonald's, greasy chinese, pizza, starbucks/cafe food or you can go to one of their many sit down restaurants. They have a buffet which is pretty decent. Coupons are always floating around for the buffet and I would definitely suggest finding one first unless you want to pay $25-$30 for brunch. The cheapest sit down is the Rainforest Cafe. The only "upscale" restaurant I have eaten at in the MGM is Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill. It was OK but definitely not worth the [moderate] price tag and the service was far less than stellar. We actually had to send our water and glasses back because they had a weird fishy/river/mildew smell. The wine selection for "by the glass" was lacking. We left full, but not satisfied and vowed to go to a non-hotel restaurant the next time. Also, they claim to be a casual attire restaurant but nobody (including us because we were heading to a club afterward) was dressed casually and I'm sure anyone who did dress casually would have felt under dressed. This hotel isn't intended for children. It has more upscale restaurants, shows and entertainment options that most kids would not enjoy. Also, they will get tired just walking from one end to the other. I always say Circus Circus is the best kid-friendly hotel anyway (see other review). Kids will likely enjoy the lion habitat but not for long as the lions don't do much most of the time... so don't make any special trips if you are short on time. Of course, M&M World is just a few minutes walk down the strip so you could always park at MGM, hit the lion habitat and then head to M&M World for some colorful browsing.
2	This review is for the hotel.  Unfortunately, I can't write this without mentioning Herbie, the love bug.He wasn't really a love bug, he was a cockroach.  And he decided to keep me company in the bathroom the morning after a late night of drinking, strip clubbin', and more drinking with my girl friends.  Hmmm, who did he keep company during the night and where was the rest of his family?  *shudder*Management upgraded us to a suite free of extra charge, which was a little more spacious with an extra TV.  They were friendly enough, but my friend said they didn't seem surprised AT ALL about it.  The next day I thought I had left my iPod behind, and when I realized and we called down to see if we could search for it, we were told that the old room already had new occupants.  Uhhh.We were fairly easygoing about it, even named the little bastard, but really that's just nasty.  The casino was cool (e.g. lion cage, restaurants, Studio 54) but I wouldn't book a room here again, personally.
4	Rawr...rawr...Rawr! About 14 of my friends stayed here for about 4 days over the summer and we had a great time. The rooms weren't over the top luxurious, but they were clean, spacious, our beds were made everyday, new towels on request, and we didn't have to pay an arm and a leg for it. The architecture of the place isn't has grand as the Bellagio, Wynn, etc, but it has a charm and style all it's own. The customer service here is fantastic. We had no problems getting what we needed in the room, and getting it quick! They even mail out some documents that I needed to get out pronto for me. How cool is that!?Everyone mentions the Lion Habitat, which is great, if you've never seen a Lion before, but wasn't very magical or amazing for me...But maybe you'll get lucky and see one of the lion caretakers get attacked!!! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTmVo1JLV_g Now that would be amazing!! HahaThe pool area is great; The lazy river is nice to just sit in and grab some drinks, enjoy the sun, and the company. The bad part about the pool is that is super far away from the hotel rooms. Basically, takes about 15 minutes to walk down there. So if you get too drunk at the pool you might need help getting back to your room.
4	For one of the older, more iconic hotels in Las Vegas, I was not impressed with their rooms or casino. The rooms were a bit dated, however I only stayed in a basic suite. The restaurants, however, are nothing short of amazing. With Robuchon's first ever US based restaurant residing next to the Ka Theater, there is a plethora of dining options. I tend to lean towards the gourmet dining scene while I am at MGM, because anything else would be a waste of time. There are also a few great bars located throughout MGM...so if you have time to kill and want a great drink at Vegas prices, make sure to hit up Centrifuge next to the Poker Room.
4	It's located right before the strip starts in Vegas.  It's not as hip as the newer hotels, but it's still got that partying vibe going on.  The customer service was fantastic when we stayed here.  They were on top of things with the room being clean and making sure you are happy with everything.  Besides, how often do you go to a hotel that has a real lion habitat?  If you're lucky, you might be able to take some up close photos of the lions if you can squeeze through the crowd.  The two times that I passed by the habitat has always been packed, so be prepared.  The hotel also gives out free coupons for the buffet (buy one, get one free) and discounts for shops in the hotel.  Also, if you have time, check out Studio 54.  This nightclub is insane.  It consists of 4 floors with bars on each one with latest music you can dance to.  The lines to get into this place are long, so it might be a wise idea to get there early to avoid the wait.  And the pools!  It was so nice to go for a tube ride around the lazy river.  The hotel has 5 standard pools and 3 jacuzzis.  It's hard to pick one, so we went in all 8!  ;)
4	I LOVED this hotel. A was a bit darker than most of the hotels on the strip as far as decor but still eye candy and lots to do. I had no idea how much walking I would have to do just to get around. Bring walking shoes for Vegas, the hotels seem endless!! Our room was great and very roomy. The beds are ultra comfy and my hubby and I wanted to take the bed home with us. I slept the best I have in months due to the bed. The lions were a nice touch to go see on a daily basis too. I was there for a week but just started figuring out my way around. Next time I'll know. There is so much to do just in the hotel you wouldn't have to leave for a few days. We're not gamblers so we didn't spend time in the casino, it was smokey anyways. We were there for a work conference for my hubby. The staff was very accommodating and friendly as well as helpful. Treat yourself to Cirque du Soleil's KA that's right in the hotel, it was worth every penny!! We did get discount tickets through the hotel, they had a summer deal going on so we got them for $55/ea. I think we picked the best show. It was nice just getting back on the elevator and going back up to our room when it was done. We're not huge buffet fans so we didn't try that but we did go to Starbucks daily (there are 5 of them in there!) Studio Cafe has great food as well, had 2 meals there. I would stay here again but may try other hotels in the future. Get yourself a bus pass for only $7/24hrs right outside the hotel near the M & M store. The bus only takes exact bills and prints our your ticket. Ride up and down the strip as many times as you want. You will also find a discount ticket place right near the M & M store as well so don't pay full price for any Vegas shows.We loved Las Vegas! Rent a car for the day and make the drive to the Hoover Dam (45 min) or Red Rocks about the same. It's so worth it. Don't pay for a bus tour, it's super easy to get around especially with a GPS. If we had more time we would have driven to the Grand Canyon. Bye for now Las Vegas and MGM, we hope to come back!!
3	We stayed in the more modern west wing. The airport check-in desk located in the baggage claim didn't have a wait and is the way to go if traveling by air. After we got off the airport shuttle they said they would brings the bags right away to the room. We waited over 30 mins for the bags and we were more than ready to get out of the room to see Vegas. I would advise you to take your own bags to the room. The room was smaller than normal but we didn't plan on spending too much time in the room so I was fine with that. No LCD TV however there was a TV built into the bathroom sink mirror. Another negative was they didn't clean our room one day.  If you are trying to get on the strip from your west wing room go through the west wing bar and out the red doors to the side road. This is much quicker than going through the casino maze.
3	service is great, ran into a lot of friendly workers. I stayed in the West Wing room and I must say, walking through the halls was weird because I felt like I wasn't even staying at MGM. according to the sweet maintenance guy, MGM remodeled the West Wing so it looks TOTALLY different and extremely modern. the hallways were a dark grey color-- the walls, carpet and doors (overkill much?) made it kinda creepy and look unfinished. the room was definitely modernized, it looked nice but I don't think it was very effective. the space was small and the PANASONIC TV BOX was not impressive. the sink area was tiny and had little space for me to put out all my stuff on the counter. the shower and restroom glass doors were HEAVY and would annoyingly slam every time we were in and out of it. the mirror...okay the little tv in the mirror is cool but there's also this vertical strip of light down the middle of the mirror, I didn't have much mirror area to look at -_-. nice efforts but I don't think it was effective. roomy casino and I believe the older rooms would have been more do-able. I would stay here if I'm not looking to stay anywhere too fancy.
2	I haven't have my own hotel room in... omg, I don't even remember when was the last time I have my own room?!So I brought my lucky charm, to deter eeeviillll, and made sure I stayed up late with my coworkers so all I do when I head back to the room, is to sleep.The room was nice and pretty good size.  I found the dead celebrity portraits a little disturbing.  There's a $10 resort fee, and they charge you to go to the exercise room.  What the _____?  Well, but then we got the $15 credit in drink, I guess that kind of offset it.The 2:30am explosion next door at the Tropicana woke me up and I thought it was one of those 911 event and I was debating whether or not I should pack my stuff and bounce?!  But then I realized that the building would be crumbling by now if that's the case.Anyhow, I kept having nightmare afterward.  Like ghostly nightmare.  That made me miss the bf and the dogs a WHOLE LOT MORE.  Nope, i do not want to have my own room next time, thank you.
2	I am not a fan of staying on the strip - food, drinks, everything is pricey! I was recently here for a conference, therefore stuck at this hotel. The rooms were clean, beds were comfy, bathroom was spacious, and I had a luxurious view of their HVAC system from my window with glowing green alien lights. If the prices don't drive you crazy here, then the green lights which you can't shut out of your room...that'll do the trick. The food choices are OK - if you have $80 to spend on dinner every night..then the restaurants at this hotel are great. If you only have $10...you're in trouble. $10 will get you a cup of coffee and doughnut from Starbucks downstairs. Gambling is obviously high on the strip too.The pool costs money to go to also. I think the only free thing here to do is to visit the Lion Habitat - where poor lions are displayed in faux environments behind glass for you to see. Overall...if your pockets are dripping with extra change and you don't want to save any $$$ - welcome to MGM!
2	This place is so over rated.  It started off pretty crappy for the fact that I was charged $15/per day resort fee, which I was not aware of.  I know it's not much, but if you are staying there for almost a week, it's pretty costly.  They didn't have a King size bed either...  Then they promised us a room with a great view- which was not very impressive.  Order anything through room servie- expect to wait--- let's say FOREVER.But I guess that's what I get for staying at MGM instead of somewhere like Bellagios...  The crowd at the hotel is a very odd mix as well... But I guess you get what you pay for...I wouldn't go back here and I would not recommend this place...
3	I came here for a Yelp event and discovered that there is a bunch of choices here when it comes to eating . Thanks to Yelp I tried a sampling of the cuisine at the MGM Buffet, Diego's, and Fiamma. I've also been here a handful of times when my cousin comes to town. I'll eat here, hang out here but the last thing I want to do here is gamble. When my husband wanted to play a little before the Yelp event I was skeptical. He took out enough to at least last you an hour on slots but he only lasted like 20 min at the most. We usually will play on one machine together but I already knew what was going to happen so I chose to play with my phone instead while he played slots. I don't gamble thinking I'm going to make enough to retire but I do expect a little bit of time to enjoy myself. These machines are tight even if you get a bonus most times it only gives you pennies above what you bet.
4	This review of MGM Grand is like so many other experiences in Vegas -- first you're up, then you're down, then you're even, and if you're smart, you get the heck out of there to live to play another day -- you know you'll be back.We usually prefer to stay at Mirage, for the central-Strip location and the familiarity -- there's no need to get reoriented on every trip. However, the group we were traveling to meet in mid-November had planned to stay at MGM  (way down on the south side of the Strip). It's in the Mirage group, so at least our points would still add up (gotta earn that free buffet, yo!). So we booked our MGM reservation and looked forward to hanging out with some friends while exploring a new scene. Alas, there was a last minute change of plans and somehow we wound up being the only couple in the group staying at MGM and I was NOT going to spend $200 to change our hotel booking via Southwest Vacations (Note to self: splurge on the trip insurance whenever traveling with a fickle large group).Big plus: You can check-in at the airport and walk straight to your room, key-in-hand. I loved breezing past the masses waiting at the hotel desk.We had reserved a West Wing mini-suite, and it was at the end of the longest hallway on earth, 5th floor. I'm pretty sure I walked about 25 miles every time I left the room to go to the casino or anywhere else. Lord, don't these architects know that women are wearing some very high heels in this town (strictly for looking hawt while sitting or standing still, possibly for limited dancing) and we do NOT want to trudge around for hours in them?  Big plus: the hallways upstairs are very cushion-y, so off went my shoes each time I exited the elevator... squish, squish, squish, ahhhh, better.The room, the good: We loved the super clean & comfy bed and modern decor, including the fun TV built into the bath vanity mirror. There's no tub, but there is a huge shower with body jets. Lots of floor-to-ceiling mirrors in the corners of the bedroom make the space appear much larger than it is. The closet is roomy enough that all your stuff can be easily contained and the room doesn't have to look like a campsite.The room, the bad: There were a few loose screws holding things together in the bath/vanity area (where 90% of everything is glass -- kind of noisy and privacy-inhibiting). On our last night, a breaker must have tripped and we lost electricity in the bath area, so we had no light in there for getting ready & packing up the next morning.  Worst of all, the ventilation system seems to mix all the air from the surrounding rooms, so if your neighbors are smoking or ordering room service, you get to smell every associated odor.  I did NOT need to smell that meaty big breakfast at 8am following a night of "Fear & Loathing" proportions....The service: I had been especially looking forward to the king crab leg feast in the Friday night buffet (the only night during our trip it would be available) and was quite upset when we arrived at the site only to find they had closed 45 minutes early (especially after huffing it across the 100 miles of hallways to get there).  I called the concierge to give them a piece of my mind, but before I could even get started, I was comped a $75 room credit to use at any of the other MGM restaurants.  Sweet!  Then, after a final night of overindulgence, I was in pitiful shape and we were in danger of missing our checkout & flight times. One brief call to the concierge and we were quickly on our way to a private car that got us to the airport in plenty of time (and luckily, with no barf bag required to be employed). After I arrived home, I realized that a very precious-to-me pair of heirloom earrings had been left behind on the dark vanity; I was sure I'd never see those again, but they had been turned in by cleaning services to the lost & found and were shipped back to me within the week. Thank you, MGM! I will never forget how well you took care of me when I was in need.Other things we loved about the MGM:+iPhone app with tons of info about what to do in the hotel. The place is gigantic, so it's nice to have all the info easily accessible in an interactive format.+Hanging out in the laid-back hot-tub in the afternoon and chatting with fellow Texans in town for a joint bachelor-bachelorette party.  +Heavenly poolside massages from the roving masseuse who bears a striking resemblance to the blonde Ken doll.+Fabulous cocktails and appetizers at the bar at Wolfgang Puck's courtesy of the MGM credit.We'll probably stick to our old faithful Mirage next time, but if I had a room closer to the action, I certainly wouldn't mind staying with MGM again.
2	This is my second time staying at MGM and I was very very disappointed. This time, we stayed at the West Wing (WW) which was horrible!  The day we arrived, their computer was down so we waited in line for a  about 40 min to check in.  I confirmed that we wanted a king size bed but when I got to the room, it was only a queen size.  The WW is a distance to walk from the lobby and also you must walk through the first level through all the rooms before hitting the elevator.  So if you must stay in the WW, be sure not to stay on the first level as ppl walking by will wake u up at night.  Furthermore, there were no bath tubs in the room, just shower so I was unable to give my baby a bath.  We stayed on the fifth floor and around 5 am, someone knocked at our door mistaking that it was his room.  When I finally fell back asleep, around 5:40 am, I could hear the garbage truck dumping trash!!!  I really think that this will be my last time staying at the MGM.  If you do decide to stay there, make sure you don't stay at the West Wing!  Oh! Not to mention that I could hear the next door watching TV!!
4	Have stayed at many nice and not so nice hotels,  very good value, clean, and the downloadable app tells you all you need to know about the hotel.  Downside, small tub but huge bathroom. Skimpy on the towels and old tv.  Comfy bed, nice sitting area, and great view.  Would stay again and again.
4	the rooms here are really comfortable and the beds are amazing. we only stayed one night but we loved it and will probably be back again. i like the casino here too, so that is an extra plus for sure.
2	reservation, noun1. The act of reserving; a keeping back or withholding.     a. An arrangement by which accommodations are secured in advance, as in a hotel or on an airplane.     b. The accommodations so secured.     c. The record or promise of such an arrangement.I don't know about you, but for me the entire point of a reservation is to ensure that you get what you want when you expect to get it.  To further secure such a reservation, PAYING IN ADVANCE should by all known laws of commerce guarantee that you receive the service or item in question.  Apparently at the MGM, that only applies if you are a celebrity and/or "make it rain" on everyone with a gold name tag.  I reserved and pre-paid for my suite two whole months before my stay.  But alas, upon check-in they were somehow out of suites.  Could it have been the highrollers in town for the boxing title bout that weekend at the MGM?  The hotel's only solution was to give me a regular "Deluxe" room and some free buffet vouchers.  I didn't want to make a scene and start my mini-vacation off with a bad vibe so the wife and I reluctantly decided to at least check out the Deluxe room offered.  The room sucked.  Plain and simple.  I had a lovely view of rooftop air conditioning units and wonderful green alien-esque MGM trademark spotlights aimed right at my window.  The room was less than half the size of the suite I paid for, and there was a broken lamp and water damage stains on the ceiling (at least I hope it was water).  Further investigation also showed that the food vouchers they gave us didn't make up for the price difference in the downgraded room. I called the manager to complain.  She was less than apologetic and actually acted like she was doing me the favor by comping the buffet.  After 3 rounds of increasingly angry calls, my wife was finally able to get them to magically make the suite we paid for appear on the second night of our stay and upgraded the buffet credits to full resort credits which we were able to use at the Wolfgang Puck restaurant.Customer service is key, especially when you have such strong competition, so needless to say I will never stay at the MGM again.  I didn't roll up in a green and gold Lambo, but I expect to be treated with respect and fairness.
1	Smoky & over crowded is the only was to explain this placeWe were just walking around looking for somehig to do since coyote ugly across the street was a bustThe zoo habitat there or whatever was a total snooze fest not to mention not any  animals in sightAll I kept hearing as people walked past was where are the lions & by the looks of the casino the animals were probably just as bored as we wereOk casino I guess if your rolling with a family but I wasnt so it was time to go & fast
5	Loved staying here multiple times! Great service and very clean rooms. I am one of those germ freaks that bring their own entire bed in a bag with them when they travel and I had no issue with this resort. I loved that they have lots of entertainment here and I did not feel the need to go to any other hotel at all. They also have very reasonable prices for their rates and I will definitely becoming back!
2	I have stayed at the MGM numerous times and it has always been great..unfortunately, I am sorry to say that I will not be staying there again. Our experience did not feel as if the hotel and their staff cared at all.When we checked in, the hotel was full because of the rodeo finals in town.. Understandable but I made sure to book our hotel one month prior, and made sure to reserve the King suite. The occasion was my 30th birthday! Needless to say, I was super excited about going to Vegas with my boyfriend and enjoying some R&R, gambling and fun, fun, fun!! The hotel front desk was extremely rude and I felt as though we had somehow made a terrible decision as soon as we got there. We were told that our king suite was no longer available and that we were to be staying in a double queen room. I explained that it was my 30th birthday bash and a romantic occasion, and that I had booked the room a month prior. The snooty gentleman at the counter said that had no standing with him, and that the hotel's policy to NOT provide what it pictures on its website is shown in fine print at the bottom of the reservation..No apologies. Not even a, welcome to the MGM folks!..We arrived at our room happy to take a rest from the hectic morning travels.. I went to take a shower..it was cold..and stayed cold for the next ten minutes as I let it run. I reported it to the front desk and they said maintenance would come up to check it out..didn't happen. I was not able to take a shower in my own room! WTF?!? On top of that the beds were so not queen size at all..more like doubles.I was told to check in with the front desk the next morning to see if we could get our original King suite. I spoke to a lovely woman named Megan who promised that our worries were over and that she would move us as soon as possible. Which she did. She also applied a $50 drink credit to our account for the inconvenience of the shower. However, at the end of our stay we were given so many free drink coupons that we did not even use the credit. I asked if it could be applied in some other way and was again told rudely - NO.Overall, I was thoroughly disappointed. I don't think I will stay with the MGM again. There are so many other hotels on the strip to try out.. oh well, they don't seem to care anyway.
3	Gigantic casino with an awesome pool and lazy river. Fat Tuesdays downstairs. You can tell this hotel has passed it's prime though. Strayed from classy and epic to slightly cheesy and desperate. Considered far from other attractions on the strip. Still up there in quality and awe though.
4	MGM is my gambling place of choice just because I usually win money here wether it be slots or tables. I was losing money everywhere last week, but MGM came through and handed me some dough. Thanks buddy o' PAL.
3	My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon 12/5-12/9 and had a blast! The first day.. not so much. As a gift, my mother was going to add a $200 credit to our room, and since the room was paid for already, would be given back to us as cash. The MGM has you fill out a credit authorization form, fax it to their offices, then wait for an hour to see if the credit has been applied. We went through this literally 4 TIMES! each time there was some issue with the fax.. they NEVER called to let us know of an issue, we always had to call and check the status of our credit. Each time we called, we spoke with someone new.. had to remain on hold while they tried to figure out what we were talking about, etc.. it was just too much going on. On the 2nd day of our trip, my husband and I decided to go down to the business center and get this straight. My poor mother was trying to give us a gift, and was getting frustrated! it literally took them 5 minutes to issue the credit, but we couldn't get cash! We had to spend the credit in their hotel on a MGM gift card! WOW... This place is beautiful, however it may be TOO big. For such a small thing as a credit to your hotel room that took 5 minutes to do.. there were too many hands in the pot. No reason for that to take 24 hours. One place i would recommend eating there is Diego's... amazing happy hour! And their Sangria is the BEST! The bar 32 degrees is nice too, make sure you get a few jello shots! Overall, i might stay here again. I just wont have anyone adding anything to our room..too much of a hassle!
4	When we first started planning a group vacation in Vegas for about 60 people flying in from all across the continent, I thought the whole thing would be a gong-show, and an expensive one at that. The bulk of the crew were staying at the Flamingo with a group rate but my roomie and I managed to stumble across amazing deals at the MGM that completely won us over. $69/night for a double occupancy room (for two of the four nights)? That's better than I can get in my hometown.The rooms were impeccably clean, offered enough furniture for us to feel like home rather than just two beds and a television, and staff seemed to be at our beck and call. You know, including the night that we ended up back in the room at 5am after a theme party, me with fake eyelashes now gluing one of my eyes shut (we were eighties glam rockers, for the record) and we decided that ordering a pizza would be a GREAT idea. The lady who brought the food up laid water on our bedside tables and seemed quite genuinely interested in our tales of debauchery from the night.Actually, we ordered that pizza using their iPhone app as we walked down the strip and they were more than happy to accommodate us despite not being in ideal conditions to be on the phone talking to anyone.Oh - and while I don't completely love the poor lions cooped up in their habitat, it was HILARIOUS when we walked by during a time that they weren't in their pen to see that the MGM has average joe's pop into the habitat and pretend to be lion's in their absence. Amazing.Well played, MGM. We'll be back.
3	Cons:-room carpet had stain-not much to do in hotel-bathroom mirror had chips -No mini fridge-sound proofing is bad-linens had stains (not fresh stains)-towels had stains (not fresh stains)-not worth a $100/nightPros:-Wolfgang Puck restaurant-Ka room was good size-customer service was good-had access to monorail-on strip
4	I stayed at the MGM my first time in Vegas many years ago and it has been a regular stop every time I head back.  It has good gaming, decent restaurants, and the lions.  I finally broke down and took a photo with a cub, which was worth every penny to discover their fur isn't as soft and cuddly as it looks!  The spa is another draw, it has everything you could want with reasonable prices.
4	Big hotel - big lions - kind of like the way I thought Vegas would be with all the restaurants and shows located on-site that you could hope for. Saw Ka here.
4	One of my favorite places to wander around. This hotel has the most awesome display of the most beautiful lions...  You can walk under them, and see their huge paws right above your head. As they lay there, you can almost reach up and touch them, through the Plexiglas- There is a fun cool restaurant here called Rain-forest Cafe and there of course is the casino.  the rooms are not really all that great, but there IS a 'Studio 54' like club that was quite fun. They play 70's and 80's music...and you can get your John Travolta dance moves on...
3	Very nice and appealing decor.  9 Million Lion exhibit runs from 11-6PM and gives a great narration of the keeping process for the animals.    I wasn't overly impressed with the casino floor and the dealers.  It is quite a hike to get to any of the shops in the back.
2	Seriously - can you make the parking further away from the casino?  It is a pain in the butt - especially if you go with three senior citizens (like my BF and I did).  We went during the rodeo (ugh) and there were cowboys everywhere.  The hotel is over priced and mediocre.  The casino is tight as well.
4	I stayed at the MGM on a previous stay, so I knew which restaurants were available, and I liked their big, open poker room.  I decided to stay there again on my most recent trip.  I was unsuccessful obtaining dinner reservations on my own, but Robert Dio did his concierge magic (via email) and scored me reservations for all of my dinners during my stay.  I dined at Joel Robuchon and Craftsteak.  In addition to those dinners, I also ate at the Grand Wok & Sushi Bar and the Grand Buffet.  Housekeeping was inconsistent, but I was more concerned with my food and gambling.  I only left the hotel once, and that was for my first dinner (yes, Robert arranged a reservation for me at a restaurant I requested that was off-site).  Having two Starbuck's on the premises didn't hurt either.
4	i had the Bungalow Suite here and it was pretty cozyy but roomy at the same time. a small living room is included in this suitethe only down side about mgm is that the shower water was COLD!!!!im not down to shower in cold water when im drunk.
3	We just got back from a pretty nice stay for 3 days. The hotel is in a great location of the strip as far as being close to the Monorail and walking to other casinos. New York, NY is across the street and easy to get to. The casino here is pretty nice, its very large and has something for everyone. We booked a deluxe room and thought it was a little stripped down as far as amenities; no mini bar?! The room could use a sitting chair. Also, the TV and shower were pretty dated, but we weren't here to watch TV, just expected something a little more modern. We loved the Nobhill Tavern inside-great service and excellent menu.I think if we stay in Vegas again, I would stay here, but in the West Wing or a upgrade to a suite.
4	I've stayed at MGM three times this year and I probably won't stay there again just becasue of the location. Overall I do like the hotel but the location is too far south on the strip. It's somewhat far from the middle of the strip where there is more to do IMO. It's a long trek to get to some of the hotels where a lot of fun clubs and restaurants are so that is one of my main issues with the MGM. In 100 degree heat or in the winter, all that walking is no fun. The prices are reasonable IMO. For my three stays at MGM which were all for 3 days each, the average total for a basic room was between around $250-$280.The front desk clerks are nice, no issues with checking in or out, my rooms have always been clean, etc. My parents on their last two trips to the MGM had problems, one being  that there toilet overflowed for which they were moved to another room nearby, given a free upgrade on their next trip as well as  free buffets passes. The 2nd issue was something with plumbing and they could hear the pipes making noise all night so after mentioning it to the front desk they got free buffet passes. So overall the guest services have been pretty on point. They also have the business center where you can print out your boarding passes for free. At check in, the clerk was nice enough not to charge us those ridiculous resort fees, which I appreciated.The hotel is very large and it's easy to get a bit lost but once you've been there awhile you get used to it. I like that the monorail is located in the hotel so it's nice to be able to have that alternative to taking taxi's or walking. Also there are a lot of dining options, from low end McDonald's to higher end restaurants like Joel Rubuchon.If MGM was in the middle of the strip, it would be perfect.
4	Another one of my favorite places in Vegas.  We come here several times a year and always have a good time.  Here's why:- Tons of dining options.  There's something for everyone.....buffets, food court, mid-level restaurants (Wolfgang Puck's), high-end restaurants (Joel Robuchon), steakhouse (Craftsteak), it goes on and on.- MGM Grand Arena.  Major concert & sporting events are held here and it's an easy in/out.  They have the process nailed for crowd control.- KA from Cirque du Soleil.  One of my favorite shows in town.- Large parking garage.  It might take you a while to find a parking space, especially if there's a big event like UFC here, but you'll eventually find a space.....the parking garage is HUGE!- Monorail station.  It's on the monorail station......here's a tip...if you want to attend an event at the MGM Grand Arena and you're not staying here or are a local and don't want to deal with the crazy parking situation all you have to do is park at any of the hotels on the monorail line and take the monorail to/from the MGM Grand.....it will dump you right in front of the Arena for easy in/out......it makes the $ spent on the round trip ticket worthwhile.  I've done this dozens of times, trust me.- Tons of gambling options.  From low end to high end gaming there is something for everyone.  Plus they have a huge poker room.- Terrace Suites.  These overlook the Strip and have a huge outdoor patio to them.....awesome suites.Some negatives to this joint are the older rooms that are a little small by New Vegas Standards.  Since the property is so large it's a little cumbersome for people to find their way around, especially if they're unfamiliar with the joint.Will I return?  Of course!
3	I originally booked a king room but when my boyfriend and I check into our room it was tiny!  Felt like a shoe box and when I called the front desk to complain that it was smaller then the layout I saw online she said 'Oh, you must be in the west wing'.  I was pretty mad at the fact that they advertise one size room but have vastly different options.  I was able to change my room to a two queen suite which had around 100 sq ft more.  I thought the hotel itself was nice, clean and the restaurants were good.  I like that its connected by pedestrian walkway to New York.  We ate at two restaurants at MGM.  Emerials for lunch - good food a bit pricey but hey its Vegas.  We also had dinner at the food court.  Tasty, nothing too fancy.  We saw the Crazy Horse Paris burlesque show which was fantastic.  We got half price tickets on the strip ($32) so I was happy about that.I was pretty upset after booking though.  MGM tried to say that I booked a $450 a night room (It was New Years weekend)  .  Trust me I didn't I booked $450 for two nights.  But in the end it cost around $520 after all the taxes and fees.  They refunded me the overcharge.
4	The MGM Grand was once the Wizard of Oz of all Vegas but it has declined over the years.  This is a very large property that stands out with all the Emerald Green and Neon.  This hotel is still where all the great boxing/mma/ sports event take place.  People have over exaggerated the decline of this Grand Hotel.  The rooms were redesigned over 5 years ago but when you upgrade from your average room to the "king" or better, you will appreciate the room and layout.  This is one of the few higher end Hotel that are Kid Friendly with a Rainforest Cafe, Emeral's, and the Stage Deli which I really like.  They have tried to change their image from a family destination to a young hip crowd but there are still areas where kids are welcomed.  The adult entertainment is much improved here with Club 54 and high end restaurants so there's a bit for everyone.The MGM is a nice hotel worthy of 4 stars in every sense.  When staying here it is hard to leave the hotel because everything you need is contained within the Emerald City.  Entertainment is always top notch and the sporting events attract stars from everywhere.  This hotel is always very busy and the casino is fine.  The enormous size can be overwhelming as you can easily get lost especially in the casino.
4	Sightseeing location #6: MGM Grand Lion's Habitat +: cute cubs in totally sound and smell proof glass environment, easy navigation around the casino-: located at one end of strip; there were humans with the cubs, which made it difficult to capture them in their "natural habitat"
5	The casino we allways go back to everytime guests come to town. Its the best for everything on the strip. The Skylofts are great if you want to spend like a whale....Have funnnnnnnnnnnn
5	This is by far my favorite hotel / casino in Vegas.  Yes I am a member of the player's club.  Yes Joel Robuchon is here.  Yes Ka is here.  Yes yes yes yes.My room here was.. wait for it... EPIC.  I believe it to the best room I've ever had in Vegas.  It was a suite with a view of the strip.  The bathroom was enormous, and the tub (not that I would know) could fit at least... AT LEAST 6 people.  I could basically swim across my tub.The bed was fluffy, yet firm and comfortable.  Or maybe I was just so exhausted that laying down anywhere would have felt like heaven.  This particular casino has a nonsmoking area with a cool bar in the middle that the bartenders get up and dance on.  But its distracting.  I learned roulette here, and I won, won won.  Check out the lions, and turn your dang flash off!There are multiple starbucks in here.  If you keep walking towards the back you'll find another one that has zero line.  ;)
3	i feel like this hotel and casino is more appealing to the guys than gals. i think i only like the green glow of the place on the outside hahaha!
4	Well went day before xmas ,got a really kool deal with 100$ per day for non smoking room...front desk was filled with ppl had to wait there for almost 15-20 min..i felt that they were too slow ..finally got the room with a view on 26th floor with a view ..it was great ...the ground floor lobby with the casino is amazing ..i almost spent all my day there ..was lil noisy though but is worth with all the excitement u have....
4	The place was very clean and had a jungle feel to it as the theme! I loved the lion show and the stores are pretty decent. I like the theme for this hotel and how the huge lion statue is outside. I really want to stay at the MGM sometime.
1	To put it mildly, I wouldn't come back even if they paid me to stay for free. It has terrible feng shui with nothing making sense. Being the largest hotel in the world, I guess they forgot to put in the outside greenery for guests who might like to sit away from the smoke.BTW, the ventilation system is so bad, the restaurants, including CraftSteak and other high end have open windows that let in the smoke, so virtually there's no place to enjoy that isn't invaded with nicotine.The non-smoking room was okay but go stay at a hotel without a casino and then go gamble when you want. If you stay at a hotel that has a casino attached, you have the smoking otherwise you don't.I guess you could say I hated my experience. The food at the MGM and all the casinos is extremely expensive unless you eat at MGM's crappy food court, which looks like any shopping center food court but 3x the price. Las Vegas along the strip is the most expensive area I've been to in the States. it makes Manhattan look like a deal. If they don't take your money at the craps table, they'll take it in airport transportation, food, water, drinks or any way they can.Bye, MGM and Las Vegas. Thank God what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.
2	ok, i realize we got our room off bookit.com for a good price, but this room was unacceptable.  looked nice, clean, comfy bed, but it was so noisy we couldn't sleep.  i think we had the worst location in the place...first floor, west wing, directly at the end of the hallway T off the west wing bar.  at one point, i opened the front door to ask the party in the hall to quiet down, then realized they were outside our bedroom window.  it sounded like someone was dropping rocks in the room above us.  earplugs should come with this room.  better yet, they should turn it into a second west wing public restroom.we loved centrifuge and the grand buffet.  if it weren't for the noise, i'd be leaving 4 stars.
2	Old furniture, barely working faucets, and got charged $20 per day resort fee without any additional services. Even newspaper that part of the resort fee was never delivered.
3	I haven't stayed here since I was a teeny tiny tot!  Things were okay--I'd probably stay elsewhere next time, though.They have SO many restaurants and lame tourist options (hello, cheesy green-screen videos and useless trinkets!) and not enough other fun stuff to look at or do on the premises.  The lion exhibit is only cute for a few minutes, CSI would be better at a theme park, and Tabu lounge was LAME. The people I went with who saw KA weren't raving about it like the other Cirque du Soleil productions, but I think everyone had fun at Studio 54 haha.I do like the fact that there were so many food options, but you really have to stay for a week to enjoy them all!Also, hellooooo, mirrors inside the rooms!  It was a bit difficult getting ready to go out when one person is in the bathroom and all of the mirrors are in there.Even though the rooms are just average (CRT televisions, tiny shower), I slept well every night.  Maybe it was the bed, or maybe it was cause I was so tired from everything I was doing all day.
1	Not to stay, no way.The people there are scary!!!It is only good for gambling.
3	MGM Grand is a landmark hotel and location for Las Vegas. It was the prize of the 90's that has withstood the test of time and the slew of newer more high-end casino's that have popped up around it. As dingy as the lions look and how not attractive it looks from the outside it's a world class casino even at its age and that it's out of its glory days. How many countless prize fights were held there?, when the heavyweights ruled the world. I can't even name the buffet or the club that is there, and yes it's been a while since I've stayed there. The floorplan is what keeps it from looking too dated, but the rooms were so cutting edge back then they aren't nearly as bad as NYNY today. Some minor upgrades are what makes this more of the Stratosphere of the south strip. There were no games or tables that I can remember as if I wanted to come check out next time. This is one of these places that are a must go to if your in Vegas. Yes there are bigger, new, nicer, hotels, but not many with more history and when you go H2H against what's out there and talk to some older people they'll tell you MGM stood tall and proud for many years before they started going to Caesars, Bellagio, Venetian, Wynn, and the like.
5	I don't gamble, but my buds taught me how to here, and I must say the folks working around porker table were really nice and helpful (spending my money) Im sure they were like "look this dumb earth who never played before", yet, they were so patient waiting for my move and occasionally made joke to make the table feel at ease. That's kind of service that I like. Like I said, I don't gamble but If I ever feel like trying again, I will choose MGM.
3	Girlfriend and I stayed here a couple of weeks ago. Our room was on the 26th floor with a nice view of New York New York. The good: The bed was very comfortable. The standard room is a good size. Free Wi-Fi. Clean. Staff was friendly and accomodating - we arrived in Vegas early in the morning and were able to get a room by around 10 am.The bad: The TV - did they buy it at the Goodwill? Straight from 1995... The audio was different for every channel it seemed, and the picture was good only on half the channels. The iron didn't work right, and the pad on the ironing board was lumpy as hell. The towels left lint all over the place. Our stay overall was nice, just nothing special.
3	The MGM is a cool place to hang out but not my favorite place to stay. The rooms are fine but as others have mentioned the TV is a little outdated. All in all it's a good value but with a little searching you can find good values elsewhere.The sports book is one of my favorites.
5	This is for the City Bar that is located at the entrance of the pedestrian bridge from New York New York on the right hand side. This place is so secretive it's not even located on MGM's property map!It's this teeny tiny bar that has jello shots, and about 3 years ago my girlfriends and I stumbled across this. I hear a woman's voice booming from the other side of the bar; "Whadda you ladies want?" She is abrupt but welcoming, seems very no nonsense, and you feel strangely drawn to her. Then it dawned on me ~ "Oh my God, you have got to be from Chicago, huh?" She screams back in that nasal accent, "Yeah! Hey! Are you girls from Chicago too?" I fell in love with this woman! She comes over with a TRAY of different colored jello shots like she's selling car stereos. She gives a description of each flavor and the ingredient list, and she speaks of each of them with such passion. I never knew there was a connoisseur of jello shots, until that day. So each time I go to Vegas I make a special trip to see Lisa and have one of her famous jello shots. She comes and hugs me each time, and even remembers my name! I feel like I'm at Cheers or something (please keep in mind I only visit Vegas every 3 to 6 months!) So I took a special trip to see Lisa last night, and instantly heard her voice when the sliding door opened coming off the foot bridge. I almost started crying, I was so happy to see her! So, 3 jello shots, a beer, and two new friends later, I went on my merry way .... Now THAT'S a bartender!(oh, hotel is nice too)
3	You wake up, hungover from a night of partying in Vegas.  You stumble to the bathroom in your hotel room and drag a toothbrush across your face by rote.  Oh, how good a shower would feel on your pillow-marked face!  You step to the shower and reach down to the controls.  You turn the lever counter clockwise and it goes on briefly.  But you reach the end of the lever's range of motion and it turns off.  Huh?  You squint at the lever and surroundings which bear no demarcation at all.  Your oxygen-deprived brain is unable to comprehend how to use this absurdly complicated shower mechanism.  Both ends turn the water off?  You put the lever in the middle and the shower starts spewing water again, but it's cold.  You look up, and a bizarre, futuristic looking faucet made of copper is shooting out a single jet that looks like a high powered super soaker.  You play with the temperature gauge for a long two minutes, finally acquiring the proper temperature.  You resign yourself to a shower jet that is far too forceful to be comfortable and step into the tub.  What?!  The tub is filling rapidly and the drain is closed, with absolutely no visible open/close control.Yeah, the shower is a confusing device.  Other than that, MGM has a decent hotel, a decent casino, a mediocre location.  For simplicity and brevity:Pros:-Ample supply of table games ($10 craps)-Reasonably priced hotel-Friendly service-Large selection of restaurants on the grounds-Monorail accessCons:-Ever seen the cross-shape of the hotel?  Hotel rooms at the end of the hallways are astonishingly far away from the elevators-Questionable organization of the casino floor.  Somewhat harder to get your bearings than in other casinos-Weak location.  Other than the monorail, it takes a crazy long time to get to neighboring casinosI'd stay here again if the deal was right.  Wouldn't go out of my way to return though.
4	I just stayed at the MGM last week and have to say that it's been my best Vegas experience yet.The room was pretty average compared to the New York New York and Monte Carlo.  It was clean with a comfortable bed.  I would have enjoyed an upgraded TV for the hour we watched TV while getting ready for bed, it was no big deal.What made the experience so great was the amazing service.Upon entering the hotel, a man greeted us at the front door and walked us right over to the check-in desk and chose a short line for us.The front desk person we talked with was able to accomodate our request for early check-in, a king bed, and a room overlooking the strip.  To top it off he was very friendly.We had pre-ordered tickets for Ka so we picked them up at the concierge desk.  We saw the signs for the Drew Carey Improv-a-palooza show and asked the concierge about tickets for that show as well.  They had seats in both price levels available and when we asked for a recommendation, instead of selling us on the higher-priced tickets, he gave us an honest answer that the cheaper seats were probably the better ones as they were in a booth instead of a table.  We really appreciated this honesty and had a great time at the show.Ka was a wonderful Cirque du Soleil show.  It's not a typical Cirque performance in that it has more of a storyline to it than any of the other shows.  It's almost like watching a movie but performed live with amazing stage effects like a 50 foot tall vertical battle scene.All of the dealers and waitstaff were very friendly and accomodating.  There was no single instance of running into anyone that was rude other than some jerky hotel guests (one guy didn't want to wait in line for the Player's Club to ask his question and made a big fuss about it - they had all the windows open so it's not like it was understaffed or anything).I'm really glad that I stayed at the MGM and will be returning for sure.
4	Great rooms. Great service. Great location. It was nice having the monorail station located inside the hotel. McDonald's is open all night. It is a large building so it is easy to get a little confused on the direction you should be walking. But it probably didn't help being a bit intoxicated. I would definitely stay there again.
5	My husband and i loved the MGM. It was a nice hotel, well kept, the rooms were nice, comfortable bed, and we got an awesome view! the staff were so nice and we got free club passes and open bar for ladies. So far, cant complain.
5	oh damn. i need to update. i stayed here!!!! halloween 2010. it was quite the adventure. i loved seeing all the costumes. my fav by far was a dude straight dressed as french maid. awesomeness. i love the location. right across from ny ny. its pretty easy to get around from here. the rooms are a little dated but it gives u that old vegas feel. much different than ph. the buffet was the business and not too expensive. there is a lil mall there with a mcd's thats open 24 hour. perfect if you dont feel like stumbling down the strip to get ur mcnuggets on. the price of the room was decent especially being that it was a holiday. working in hotels myself i def understand the discount system. it seems to me that most people must be staying up from bellagio ( or aria?) it was only $99 a night. deal!!!!
4	One of the best places to stay in Vegas for a decent price. It isn't the Belaggio or Aria but it is a great hotel. I stay because I love the sportsbook and the card room. I would consider both of them to be in the top 3 for Las Vegas. The bars are great and you are never too far from more fun when you are at the MGM Grand.The summer scene is great too. Everyone knows about the lazy river, and if you don't you do now. For relatively cheap you can get a bucket of domestics and float for hours. All while soaking up the sights.Don't forget the lions habitat, a must.
4	I've always been a fan of MGM Grand.  This has always been the place i've stayed at whenever my family would come to Las Vegas.  BUT finally i've been able to actually gamble and enjoy drinks.  I like being able to sit at a slot machine, win money AND get drinks.  The drinks were definitely worth it, they weren't watered down, and they actually tasted like it had alcohol in it.
2	It's okay. Very reasonable prices, however for all the talk about 'Maximum Vegas' its not very exciting if you stay in the regular hotel. The signature suites probably warrant maximum Vegas. The rooms at the regular hotel are just meh, kind of like a nicer holiday inn.
1	I'm about to rant so get ready...I've had a better experience at a Howard Johnson in Oklahoma than I did at the MGM Grand. Back story - Last fall I signed up for a promotion with Studio 54. In short, the MGM has no affiliation with Studio 54 and I was told by the front desk that the MGM lies to it's guests and doesn't uphold promotional offers. I refused to think that the hotel was this bad so after complaining I got a comp for a free weekend. I took advantage this weekend and would rather have paid to stay somewhere else.Ok, I know MGM is trying to climb out of bankruptcy but charging fees left and right is a sneaky and annoying way to accomplish this. There is a mandatory resort fee that offers me internet and business center access. However, the business center makes you pay for computer use and $1.40 per page to print. Thanks, that's really helpful. Want to go to the gym? Thats another $15 per day. Fine I'll just go to my room and ignore all of the inconveniences. My room smelt like sewage. This wasn't ever fixed. That's ok because Studio 54 put me on the guest list to make up for the last time! Wrong. They had no record of that. Of course they didn't. We went to Haze nightclub in the Aria instead and had a blast so maybe it was for the best. On a side note, Wet Republic (their "claim to fame" pool) was closed and the 150 people at the regular pool weren't eye candy to say the least. (Sure, not the MGM's fault but I'm going to blame them anyway.) Vegas was amazing! MGM was not... I will NEVER go inside this hotel again.
3	A lot of people say that casinos are meant to keep you in, so finding an exit is difficult. We'll I pride myself on my sense of direction, but in this place it failed. Failed miserably. I got so lost that I had to ask for directions a few times, use the few maps they offer and follow signs into at least four dead ends. It's a huge maze! The fact that it stumped me, makes me give this place some respect.I think the place looks cool, the overall ambiance is pretty comfortable. They have lions, a huge gaming area, and a pretty cool looking bar in the middle of it all.It's a place that I'll return to. Hopefully I wont get lost next time.
2	Stayed there in 2009, the room was old, dark and ugly. If you're planning on staying there, better  to go to Signature MGM, which is much nicer. Just 5 mins walk from the MGM Grand. At least it's at a great location.
1	This is quite possibly one of the worst places to stay on the strip. Why? Because the service is terrible and the hotel has just horrible policies and whatever their management is does not know how to run a hotel. My previous company contracted this place for a few years in a row to do their sales convention, so you would think they have spent enough money to keep MGM happy, but for some reason that's just not enough to get their people to break out a smile.Their systems were down once, and hundreds, and hundreds of people going to the conference tried to check in, and the check in took 10 hours. Let me tell you how agonizing it is to wait for 10 hours in line because you want to gnaw your eyes out from having to wake up early to catch the flight to begin with.So you would think, with this epic mess up, that they would comp. They turned people away, people who had reservations were turned away because they couldn't find any paper trails. What?? Are you kidding me?I think a few people got a $25 restaurant credit. For waiting in line for 8 hours? I think I can pay for that $25 myself.They had horrible management of the whole event and really screwed things up despite how much I'm sure they were being paid for the whole ordeal. I don't even care much if their rooms are comfortable or not. Don't bother with this place.
4	My husband and I traveled to Las Vegas for Valentine 2011 weekend.  We didn't stay at the MGM.  But we enjoyed their poker room, and buffet.The poker room had 2/4 no limit texas holdem, the dealers and cocktail waitresses were very nice.  The buffet price was $25.00, and included all kinds of food (crab legs, shrimp, etc.)  You can't beat the price.  Valet parking was free and the staff was very friendly and nice.
3	The first thing that strikes me about this hotel is the enormous size of it, so while that this isn't the first time I visited it, it still took me a while to figure how to navigate thru it, this time having the advantage of staying there and having time to learn.  So anyways, a few things: Reserving a room:  they don't guarantee room types and locations unless you pay an additional fee.  What the heck??  So this is how my wife ended up having a 2 queen beds room when we wanted a single king.Parking garage:  don't forget to look around where you parked.  The garage is multi leveled and huge, and you could have a big search on your hands if you forget where you parked.Grand Tower:   we stayed here on the Tropicana side, facing the NY NY, which was convenient in that it was right next to the casino, the Studio Walk, the front desk, and Star Lane Shops which is the direction to the vast self parking garage beyond.  The front desk was "nice" enough to point out that this made less walking for us, which may/may not have been a point at us being juuuuuuust a bit on the over weight side. ha ha!Tower elevator:  they have a small store (Front Page Newstand) next to the elevators with snacks, drinks and other traveling stuff you might need which is pretty handy.  But its not cheap and since the MGM is quite big, it takes a while to get out and walk to a place that's cheaper and I bet they count on you not wanting to do that.Resort fee:  $18 plus tax(!!!) for the wired HiFi, $15 dollar beverage credit per visit, faxes(who still uses these?), the USA Today (that you have to go down to the Newstand for, only to find they are all gone), and some other minor stuff.   WHY IS THIS A MANDATORY CHARGE??  This is what blows about all MGM/Mirage properties - this needs to be optional because quite frankly, most people don't use most of these services and are in effect, being ripped off.That aside, the room was decent, aside from it not being the one we wanted.  It was clean, had a decent view of the NY NY, Tropicana and Excalibur hotels, but on the other side of things, had a tube TV, very few electric outlets , and a pitiful shower head with not a lot of pressure behind it.The casino had a nice variety of slots and a cool horse racing machine that only took quarters.  Complimentary drinks weren't so easy to come by, despite the fact that I was sitting right next to the exit/entrance doorway for the cocktail waitresses and pouring $20's in a slot like it was going out of style.All in all, the overall experience here was mixed, with some good points and bad and a feeling that the care of the individual customer wasn't as important as was making sure they were processed thru like a herd of cattle.  I've experienced worse, but definitely there is also better to be had in Las Vegas, and at a comparable price.
4	ithink MGM Grand is the only property in Vegas that might very well appeal to everyone....college kids on spring break, families, high rollers, and people on a modest budget all can enjoy themselves here. The place is HUGE, there is a LOT to do, a great selection of restaurants that touch on a variety of cuisines, including the great Joel Robuchon's namesake restaurant (a must do on my honeyroom stopover in Sept.). If you signup online or text them you can get pretty good deals on rooms (which are nothing special but get the job done and are clean and comfy). If you are going to Vegas for the first time, I recommend MGM. Then try Bellagio or mandalay next time. Oh by the way, get a players card and gamble and stay ONLY at MGM MIrage-affiliated casinos (there's like eight of them on the strip  I think). You can reap some incredible rewards..I just got two nights free at Mandalay Bay...so I'll be writing that review when I get back.
3	Okay, I've been to Vegas to many times to count. This was my first time staying at the MGM Grand. Ummmmmm.....NO. We booked a Bungalo Suite with two queen beds. The room was MAD DIRTY. Toe nails on the floor, weed stems and bottle caps is what we were greeted with. Wallpaper peeling off the walls and dirty ass towels. When we pulled up to the valet the first guy was courteous then the bell hop came along. He didnt take our bags out of the car we loaded them onto the cart. Then he stood there and told us that they all work separately. Which meant "you need to tip me not just the other guy" then he stood there and waited. He would not move until we gave him a tip he thought was satisfactory....jackass. I mean we were going to tip him anyway. That was just rude.Other issues: the showers suck. Ran out of hot water half way through my shower and it's basically just water being shot out of a pipe. We got "vip" treatment at Studio 54 and they had an open bar untill 11. The drinks were suuuuper weak and the people were lame as hell. They were fun to watch...but lame as hell. So we left..There were some pros...um...the beds were comfy...pillows were soft...front desk lady was a sweetheart....they lost our car at Valet so that...yeah...I think mybe MGM just needs to upgrade...keep up with the times. Our little tube TV was lame and all the buttons on it were broken and we had no remote.Yeah...no thanks
4	I really enjoyed my stay at this casino. Yes, it is a HUGE floorplan but it isn't nearly as confusing as people say once you orient yourself a little bit. I always enjoy watching the lions here after I get a few drinks in my system. The casino is large and has quite a few tables so you never feel crowded. The resort fee included a $15 free credit for drinks, which we used to buy 5 $3 Skyy cocktails at the West Wing Lounge. Nice, comfy, lounge with great Happy Hour from 5-8 every day. Drinks were strong and the lounge was not very crowded. Many restaurants with a huge variety of food from fast food to fine dining. I didn't stay there during pool season, but the pool area was quite impressive and looked like quite a bit of fun. The only downside that I saw was that the rooms are pretty small, albeit modern. The bathroom was an open bathroom with a stall for the toilet and a shower stall. Warning, the stalls are see through even with the frosted glass. The shower was big enough for two and had great water pressure and a handheld sprayer to get those more difficult areas to clean. In terms of location, it is also pretty for south on the strip, so if you don't want to walk A LOT, you are better off staying at a more centralized location/ All in all, I highly recommend the MGM as a place to enjoy a trip to Vegas.
4	Addicted to Majestic Lions! Jackpot!
4	We stayed at one of MGMs penthouse suites for a bachelorette party and I was pretty darn impressed by the room and the VIEW was amazing!The room was clean and they provided us with enough towels for an army, which I liked, since girls likes to shower often (at least I do). I arrived later with two other friends, and the rest of the girls were already out day drinking, but check- in was not a problem at all. We were on the guest list of the room and got our keys. Qiuck and easy, just the way I like it!
3	So big, I tend to forget about MGM because it is on the boring end of the Strip. But, if you are a tourist check it out. Always the home of the big events. It does feel a little older when you compare to all the new things and the Sportsbook needs a major overhaul.B room*** 2 1/2 stars on the place to poo scale. Not super clean and feels more like a food court bathroom.***
4	I have such a love for this place because its the first place I ever stayed in Vegas. The casino must be seen to be believed so large you will get lost, lions roam around in a habitat, the whole thing is great. If you are seeing a boxing match and it is at The MGM Grand, stay here, there is absolutely no reason not to. Lots of great restaurants and my favorite cirque show in Vegas, KA. Always been lucky there, always had a great time, always a food experience!
4	The LV Monorail dumps you into the mall of the MGM Grand. You pass stores, fancy restaurants, and a food court to get to the casino or anything else. The MGM Grand is a huge gorgeous place (yes, the casino is smoky, but I'm over it). Plenty of shops, restaurants, gaming areas, and clubs. We won a little. Ate it up at Wolfgang Puck (see yelp). And basically used it as a launch pad for our exploration of the Strip. I would like to stay there 1 day. I'm a fan.
3	Latest Headlines: The MGM NewsConference attendee hacks off foot to avoid daily 2-mile trek to conference areaConcierge has "best laugh of the day" following a 4am guest call requesting a "quiet floor"Couple takes bazooka to hotel speakers after deafening, back-to-back 90s songs stir memories of teen angstTourist holds up restaurant at gun-point, steals refrigerator to store leftovers in hotel roomWoman adopts 52 cubs after visiting the MGM Lion HabitatCouple stages soak-in, refusing to leave hot tub until world peace is achievedAustin man: I saw an authentic mullet, 4 tramp stamps & 5 oxygen tanks at MGMStudy: you must be at least half as intoxicated as the most belligerent fool at the casino, or you will stab himWoman talked to death by conference waitstaff: "they'll talk to anyone who'll listen, until they're, like, dead"Mother escorts toddlers through casino at 1am, inspired to rename them Bambi and DestinyCouple divorces after husband pays $15 daily fee to use hotel gymSighted: Cleanest-looking Jesus outside of the MGM entrance
3	The hotel itself looks really nice. The room had a sofa inside that was comfy. The room looked ok to nice. The con: customer service. The old school TV was not working and I called them to repair it at 10PM and they told me they are sending someone up. The guy calls back at 2AM to follow up and see if we still need the TV fixed. They gave us credit to spend and when we went to spend it they told us that the time to spend it expired. Took an hour to get the credit back.
4	We went there for a concert, and loved the venue. Every seat had a great view of the stage, the sound was amazing. Decently priced drinks compared to other locations in Vegas. Would go again!
2	Found what I *thought* was a great deal on a vegascoupons.com - $64.99/night + 2 free buffets, yay! Right? Wrong. I called and had no problem reserving a handicap accessible room with roll-in shower & bench, and was told our room would be ready by 3pm. With our deal, it was to be a king size tower suite with a strip view - and the view was important to me because it was my fiance's first trip to Vegas.We arrived to check in a few minutes before 3, and were promptly told no handicap accessible rooms were available. Then the woman at the front desk looks at me, sitting in my wheelchair, and asks "Do you really need one?" Um, yeah! Unless you want me to be further injured and sue the tail off your hotel, then yeah! I kinda need to bathe safely, thanks!So she does some checking and find ONE accessible room, but it's not ready, and she can't guarantee when it will be. So I told her we need to be in that room, clothes changed, and ready to leave the hotel by 430p for our dinner plans with friends. She offers 2 free buffets for the inconvenience, because she was going to charge for the 2 buffets we were already supposed to have free with our reservation! When I explained, she said she could give me a $50 food/beverage comp - not really useful when our only meal at the hotel was going to be the buffet. Took the comp anyway - used it at a hotel bar: a beer and a white russian $22... I tipped $3 and the bartender accidentally typed it in as a $300 tip!  What if I hadn't caught that mistake?!Went to the lion habitat. The lions are cute, the tourists are morons - several people around us kept calling them tigers and were freaking out that the guys trained to be with the lions were hanging out in the habitat with them. Our room - when we were finally able to get into it - was smaller than we reserved and had a crappy parking garage view. There was a stain on the blanket. The tv remote was filthy, and there weren't many channels too choose from anyway. The shower took a good 5 min to kick on some hot water, but eventually it did warm up. The breakfast buffet kinda sucked. A small selection compared to other breakfast buffets. But the omelet guy was really good and fun to watch.Parking was free, and no worse than other hotels. The shops by the parking were cool, and some really good prices.Even though checking in was stressful enough to make me cry, we still had a better experience than other friends have now told me they had at this hotel.Never again.
5	I generally rate hotels by (1) how much I have to pay, (2) how much of a hassle parking can be, (3) the customer service at registration, (4) how comfortable the bed is, and (5) how convenient the newsstand/food options are in the general vicinity at 4am.MGM gets my 5 stars. (1) we have an MLIFE players card and it ROCKS. 30% off shows, comp'd rooms, just for signing up (free). We use this every time we come to Vegas and this particular time, we got two nights for free (no resort fee or nothin'). Two thumbs up!(2) Honestly- parking is a bit confusing, and the walkway forces everyone who doesn't valet it to go through this mild maze to get to the registration desk. Since we weren't elderly folk/heavy packers, this wasn't a big deal. (3) Service was awesome. Fast, friendly, professional. Checked in within minutes. More thumbs up.(4) No complaints here ;)(5) Hubby wanted milk at 3:30am. Newsstand is open 24/7 right next to the elevators, so we didn't have to pay an arm and a leg for room service OR use our arms and legs to get to a store far far away. Sweet.
4	Great option for lodging in Las Vegas - I booked a room for four nights in January 2011 and averaged $65/night - can't beat that!  The rate also included 2-for-1 coupons at the breakfast buffet.  I wasn't expecting much but it definitely didn't disappoint!  The MGM has a monorail stop if that's what you're in to but it's way cheaper and more convenient to take a cab. Considering how many rooms they have, check-in/check-out was efficient and quick.  My only complaint is that this place is almost overwhelmingly enormous - it takes forever to get anywhere.
4	Stayed here for four nights for my brother's bachelor party.  I got a great deal on our room through the MGM's Guestbook Member promotion - around $100 a night for four nights over a long weekend.  All in all, it was a very good experience.  The hotel is huge, but the service is still attentive enough to hide the fact that there are thousands of rooms in this place.  The casino is pretty modern, has a lot of great restaurants, and reasonable minimum bets at the tables.  Location is a bit far south on the strip, but it's still a reasonably short walk from New York New York, Planet Hollywood, and Paris.
4	This is my favorite casino hotel on the strip.  I've actually stayed in a few, but the only upper-end hotels I've stayed at are Mandalay, the Venetian, Signature MGM and MGM Tower.  I love the Hollywood theme (even being a Hollywood resident myself), and the place is simply MASSIVE.  You almost don't need to leave the hotel the whole time you're there to get a full Vegas experience.  The casino and shopping/dining areas are so expansive and segmented that you can find different pockets to hang out in and get a totally different feel for the place.
5	MGM, where do I start?The boy and I always stay at the MGM. We were last there for NYE and it wasn't as terrible as I expected (as in uber crazy drunks, a gazillion people everywhere, etc.)I love your old school mobster-esque craps dealers! They are pretty friendly and "help you out" as much as they can. True, while the casino is older compared to other hotels on the strip, there is a nice quality to it. I wouldn't say classic...maybe homey? As homey as a casino can get. Does that make me sound like I have a gambling problem?! Moving on...Personally, I have experienced solid customer service. For New Years we were put up on the 22nd floor overlooking the strip. This is probably because we were nice to the host and the guy next to us who started checking in before us was acting like a whiny b*tch requesting what we had been given. Karma, my friend! Lesson here: be nice to everyone, but especially to those who can hook it up in Vegas! The beds are great! Very comfy. If I recall our TV wasn't a flat screen (like that matters) but for those of you TV-freaks out there, be prepared to be taken back to 2000 when the flat screen wasn't standard. The bathrooms are A-OK and IDK what it is about their lavender toiletries, but DAMN! My hair always looks like a million bucks after using them. I can't wait to go back! Show me the moneeeeey!
2	This is a nice place to visit, Rainforest cafe is a good eat but otherwise i wouldn't stay here. I have to be honest, I havent stayed here but the feel that I get from this place, i have definitely seen better in Vegas!!
4	Over the years i have stay at the MGM many times and never have had a problem..the check-in staff and the dealer to the pit bosses are all pretty nice!!!! they send me free room offer all the time...stay 2 nights for free a couple of weeks ago!!! rooms are nice and clean!!!!!
3	Definitely starting to show it's age - especially when you walk through the newer hotels like The Cosmopolitan and Aria.  Amenities in the room are basic and could use some upgrading - an ipod dock and a fridge would definitely be nice.  But the beds are comfortable, the rooms clean and the bathrooms spacious...so acceptable, but by no means outstanding.They have a nice streamlined process for check-in and check-out.  Makes things a lot easier, especially for check-out when all you want to do is get out of Vegas as quickly as possible.It's one of the busier hotels and is in a nice location relative to other places.  They have a great happy hour - $3 drinks, yes please! Overall, decent, but I think you can get more for your money at some of the other strip spots.
4	Overall, I had a good experience here. I would go here again, but there are some glaring issues that I want to have addressed.When we booked, we were getting a promotion deal which included 2 complimentary buffets. We also booked a King room. No one told us if it was a request, or anything like that.When we go to check in, we are told they only have Queen rooms  available. I said, I booked a King, they told me unless I paid a $30 fee that room size isn't guaranteed. I push a bit, then the lady checks with a manager, and then magically they have a King room available. I think it's a very stupid Hotel Policy of  "first come, first serve" when it comes to room size. If all the Kings become booked, then stop booking ppl for king sized rooms, tell them only queens are available. it will solve your issue. We were told by the front desk that we just need to charge the buffet to our room # and it will be comp'ed off. We went to go to the buffet, got our ticket, but then decided to take a quick nap. They were closed when they come back. didn't know a buffet in a hotel in vegas would close at 10. Oh well, I was afraid that they wouldn't comp the buffet off (and we didn't even get to use our ticket), so I didn't do the express check out, and waited in line. Good thing I did because they were going to charge me for the buffet! The front desk told me it was a booking error. Stupid. The room was nice, very clean hotel, good food choices, all in all, I liked the trip, except for all these issues with room sizes, booking, and charges. They should really get that part straightened out, because that would have made this a 5 star vacation.
4	Been a regular for a while now. Day of we got a great deal on priceline because we wanted to get there a day early. Love the MGM.Pros: Cost - Rooms can be expensive if not booked in advance, but you can find deals on hotwire or priceline day of or day before. Crowd - Busy with a younger crowd, doesn't feel stuck up.Food - I love the pastrami sandwich at the deli by the sportsbook.Gaming -  Love the sportsbook, lots of comfy seats with a TON of screens to get the game you want. Craps is affordable around the clock for most people that want to play. Typically there is always a $10 min table available.Rooms - very nice for the cost, the beds are very comfortable.Comps - 2 complimentary beverage coupons and free wifi were included with our room reservation which was handy. Cons: -Can be overly crowded to get in the poker room or some of the craps tables. -The sportsbook has a high bet for a drink minimum.Great times are to be had at the MGM.
3	OMG this place is HUGE!!!Never stayed at the MGM Grand (I always stay at the Mandalay Bay) but it is definitely close enough to where I can take a tram to the Excalibur and walk over to play a little 2/4 limit holdem, a game they have scheduled regulary which is cool. The MGM also has the last Sigma Derby in Las Vegas, which may seem cool, but the sound is really obnoxious, and you can hear it from everywhere in the casino. If you were wondering what that loud farting noise was, it is actually a simulation of horses running. It is actually really funny to see all these people gathered around this old machine betting quarters and shaking their cups of change and yelling at the small plastic horses.I mainly come here for the 2/4 limit game. The poker room is situated right by the lion sanctuary and is nice- but not as nice as the one inside The Mirage. If you want to come here to play no-nonsense poker this is a good place. The games are always going off consistently and there isn't much of a wait. Plus the swanky computerized wait list with the names is pretty cool. Lots of TVs, very good drink service, and you can also get food brought to you too. I'm sure everybody at your table will be thrilled when you order a huge plate of onion rings.
4	Great hotel to stay at while your visiting las vegas. They pretty much try to offer everything you need so you dont have to leave the hotel. Dont bother with the CSI experience, it was kind of lame.
4	Good things about the MGM Grand:  Giant kitty habitat!  And as you enter from across NYNY, you can buy Jello shots for cheap!  It has some of the best dining on the Strip -- Craftsteak, Nob Hill Tavern, and Joel R.'s restaurants.  And more.  And they're all delicious.  Bad things?  Well, the whole Studio Walk part is pretty tacky.  It's a nightmare to park in its garage, and CSI The Experience should get a forensics team in to figure out just who killed the fun in it.
5	My home away from home, I love the MGM! I travel to Las Vegas about once a month for work, and have stayed at just about every cheap to not-so-cheap hotel on the strip. When I fly out there for fun, the MGM has always been my go-to hotel. The player's club card prices for this hotel just can't be beat. Where else can you stay at a 4 star hotel on the strip for about $50 - $60/night? The hotel is huge, and other then going out to see specific shows or go to a specific club, we literally never have to leave the hotel during our trips. The pool is a lot of fun. I like "wet republic" as it is more of a place for young adults to hang out and relax with a cocktail. The regular pool areas are also fun if your with family, although the noise little kids can be a little annoying (it's fun to steal their inner-tubes and ride down the rivers though.) The restaurants are some of the best I have gone to. They have a cheapy food court with a few dining options, but we never eat there (why waste a Vegas trip by eating crap fast food you could get back home anyways.) CraftSteak has to be my most favorite steak house, and we always eat there at least one night every time we go to Las Vegas. They have other good options too, like Wolfgang Puck's place, Emeril's, WichCraft, and Shybua. The prices might seem a little high at first at these higher end restaurants, but once you eat the food and taste how good everything is, you will find that the prices are well worth it. If you are into the clubbing scene (I am) the location of this hotel is great. They have Wet Republic for the day, and have two decent clubs in the hotel that always play good music. Tabu and Studio 54 might not draw the largest crowds, but they always play good music all night long, and they always have a good mixed crowd. Best of all, you can drink and dance yourself silly and not worry about catching a cab home since you are already in the hotel you are staying at. All the other big named clubs on the strip are all a short cab ride away. The hotel rooms themselves are nice. Soft, comfy beds, spacious rooms and larger bathrooms, everything is very clean and well maintained. Room service is great at accommodating needing guests. I love this hotel. It has everything I need and want in a Las Vegas trip. I have stayed here dozens of times, and will continue to go to the MGM on my Vegas trips.
3	Ahh MGM. You are truly a split right down the middle on good and bad. The hotel rooms in the West Wing are very nice and the West Wing Bar is a total winner. But the parking garage feels like a mile away from the actual casino. There are as many bad restaurants as there are good restaurants. The regular pool is excellent. The spa and salon are awful. But then there's the lions. No matter what, though, I will always miss the old MGM Grand. Remember the yellow brick road? Unfortunately, gone are the days of the Wizard of Oz and Emerald City theme.
3	Upgraded to a suite...two king bed rooms and a common area with large table, tv, couch, wet bar area, and fold-out.  Huge suite.  Nice, comfy beds.  Over-abundance of towels, shampoo/soap, etc.  I know this is Vegas, and there is an endless amount of activities, but I would still like the t.v.(s) to work.  These old tube t.v.s with broken remotes have to go.
4	We have stayed in a tower room prior to this trip, which was average...  but this time we stayed on the West Wing. AWESOME!!!! Not only were the amenities cool, up to date and chic as heck, but they offered us $30 in drink credits upon check-in as well (something we didn't receive last time). If I can recommend anyone who's traveling to the MGM one thing, stay in the WEST WING! It's awesome! They have a friggin tv in the bathroom mirror! LOL....
5	everytime we go to vegas we always stay here! ive always had a great stay and the customer service is wonderful! i just wish there was certain areas you are allowed to smoke in. hopefully one day! we love the lazy pool here. If you want the more club scene check out wet republic. we went and it was such a great time. and the staff there is also very nice!
5	A couple friends had stayed here during a girls trip in summer 2009. Then my boyfriend and I stayed here in July 2010. I had received a special for $59 and 99 per night. This hotel has our favorite outdoor pools! The service is great! Clean, welcoming. Definitely will stay here again.
4	Beautiful, just beautiful. You walk through here and you instantly feel like a celebrity with all the gold hues and glittery shining decor. Your mind plays out a wealthy fantasy in your head and you're so ready to tap the shoulder of any random person and proclaim, "I'm Rich, Biotch!!"Instead, you look into your wallet and sigh... But no worries, there are plenty of opportunities to earn some $$$ back. The casino in this hotel is pretty huge. I just remember being tired walking through it just to get to the elevators. Long night out? Drunk? Who knows. Now the funny thing was seeing kids running around the casino at 10pm. Hahah. It looks like a small hotel from the lobby, but if you find yourself in the belly of the MGM beast, you will soon find yourself in another zip code. It's HUGE in here!  Oh man.. I felt like Dorothy from the Wizard of Oz: disoriented and lost. No wonder this was originally the Oz hotel. Where were my magic ruby slippers? It took me an entire hour to find my way back to familiar grounds. Where the hell was I? There is a grand ballroom of sorts, an underground shopping center where I tried some slushy alcoholic drink, the live lions, Wolfgang Puck's restaurant and others, a pool area, several clubs and bars, and a whole mess of other stuff to do and see. They have the KA Cirque du Soleil show here, and famous acts that come here to perform. Yes, this is a great hotel, and from our room, we could see the sun rising behind some mountains in the distance. Sooo beautiful. I couldn't forget the view that morning before going to bed. On a side note, the hallway to our room was so damn long, it reminded me of the hallway in The Shining. The missing star is due to the clogged toilet and the 2 hours it took for the maintenance people to arrive and fix the darned thing. It wasn't the cheapest hotel on the strip, but it had the best price and great reviews. Other than the toilet troubles, it is a great place to stay and worth the money.
3	Clean room, and as far as casinos go, nice. I like the fact that their signature scent (all the big casinos have them) didn't gag me.Big complaint: Our room was in the West Wing.  It was built way back when and renovated. They didn't bother to add a new elevator shaft when they connected the new MGM to the West Wing. So you walk for about 15 mintues to get to your room, and then 15 minutes back.  The ceilings are really low- it's like walking into a fading perspective drawing.  There are mirrors at the end of the hallway- so it looks like you'll be going on forever.  After hiking the length of the West Wing to the elevator, we had to hike back again on our floor to get to our room.The interior of the room is quite modern- glass and mirrors abound.  Heavy glass doors on both the bathroom stall and the adjacent shower.  (No tub). My favorite feature was the lighted and magnified make up mirror. 2nd favorite feature was the shower.The room has a TV with a DVD player.  Bed was comfy- but I got the feeling that it was really old. It had what seemed to be a down matress pad on top of the matress.  Were it not for that, the bed would likely have been really uncomfortable.
2	Im not a huge fan of MGM. The players club associates have attitudes. The servers are rude. The same server asked me for my ID 3 times. They don't give you a bracelet like the Venetian to let other severs and security know your 21+
3	With all the new Vegas hotels popping up yearly, it's definitely making older hotels like MGM look....out dated. I'm just gonna shoot off some cons because it really is just a hotel (beds, bathroom, running water, a TV):- Walls are really really really thin. Our room got yelled at by some lady 2 rooms down telling us to be quiet (side-note: doesn't she know what city she's in?)- Pool is quite a walk. AND you have to pay for the floaty tubes in the lazy river? Even though we're guests? Just get rid of the lazy river then!! More than half of the people were walking around it anyway! That makes them NOT lazy!- Parking garage is WAYTOOtiny. I saw a truck back into 2 different cars trying to get out of their own parking spot. 2!! Went down another aisle, and another truck was ding'ing up other cars!! I guess that's all I had, thought there were more. I mean, it's ok. I'd stay there again if need be!
5	I like it like that....Got a free upgrade when we checked in. Huge suite, 2 rooms, 2 bathrooms and views in every direction.Will definitely be staying here again.
3	My first trip to Vegas! And my hotel was... meh.Nothing special about this hotel. Beautiful lobby, but there's not much that really differentiates MGM from the other Vegas hotels (except the lions... which were not out on display the entire time we were staying there). Rooms are average. Pillows a little on the hard side. Bathrooms are massive, but the shower heads are only high enough for a child to fit underneath. I'm 5'5" and had to squat underneath (try doing that tipsy - it's no easy feat!).Selection of restaurants was decent. There was a plethora of pools, which was the best thing about MGM... no one pool was ever super crowded, so that made for a very nice day-drinking experience.(Oh, except for Wet Republic, which had a 3-hour wait to get in, but I suspect that was because it was the pool's opening weekend and Kim Kardashian was there)I'd maybe return to MGM, but I'd be curious to see if the other hotels had more to offer.
4	An absolute delight for my first time in Vegas.Friendly staff with comfortable atmosphere. Personally, even better in the non-smoking spots.Room was as expected with a decent view. Elevators are smooth and quick with 4 available for a range of floors.Restaurants are pretty good regarding availability options. I recommend the 'wichcraft, Wolfgang Puck, and the Grand Buffet.Floor is very open with slots and tables. The signs are very readable to get to wherever you want to go. Note, use reference points/places so you can easily to about. Even with the signs, I got lost a few times until I used the Lion habitat as a go-to point.The pool is ok. Nice and sunny for tanning and relaxing. But quite the distance from the elevators.Outside, by far one of the best and classiest hotels. Well lit and you can't miss it with its regal gold lion and green lighting.A big fan of this place and will definitely return here.
5	MGM is my new go-to hotel in Las Vegas. I recently stayed there for my 2nd time last weekend which is rare for me for Vegas since I like to try out a new hotel every time I visit and it was amazing!Rooms are decent... could be decorated a little better, but they were clean.... beds comfy.... and the bathroom was huge with amazing water pressure in the shower. The highlight at the MGM is their pools. LAZY RIVER. That's it. Get an inner tube (we waited til the later hours and just found one floating by begging us to take it) and let the people watching begin. The drinks are good and the jello shots are strong :)The casino is huge. Great games and great people! What I love about the MGM is that there is such a variety that you really can't go wrong.For the price it can't be beat. I will definitely stay here again!
4	I've stayed at the MGM a few times now, in both standard rooms and one of their larger suites.  Never stayed in the West Wing yet.Check in at the airport has always won out for us, it always seems completely quiet and the staff are friendly.  You can be checked, room key in hand, and hopefully negotiate that strip view room (remember to smile and be charming:) in a few short minutes.  Compare that with the actual hotel check in which can sometimes resemble a scene from World War one trench fighting.The non West Wing rooms are pretty old now, they show their age.  Keep that in mind, and its not too bad.  CRT's in hotel rooms feel so weird now, not an LCD to be seen.  Beds are comfy, rooms are tidy but showing some fraying, scrapes and bumps around the edges.  Bathrooms are nice and spacious even in the small standard rooms, featuring some pretty decent freebie bathroom products.  The shower on our last visit was red hot, and like a firehose, huge thumbs up here :)Resort fees are pretty much defacto in Vegas these days, the MGM isnt any different.  For what its worth that does include WiFi access each day, and a $15 bar credit during your stay.  I know other places that will charge you the resort fee and then another for WiFi so its not *too* bad given the status quo.The casino itself is absolutely huge.  Walking from one end to the other takes a few minutes, and on busier evenings towards and through the weekend, it gets smoky.  They pretty much have every single which way to separate you from your wage packet, from simple penny slots through to all your favourite table games and high roller lounges, to get your cash even quicker from larger denomination fills.  Its a dark, gloomy place, which I actually like, its fun to gamble in.The array of restaurants is fantastic.  Theres a food court with basics like Nathans and McDonalds, going through big name chefs like Tom Colichio and Michael Mina all the way up to three star Michelin awarded Joel Robuchon.  There really is something here for every budget and palate.  Theres also your standard coffee shop and buffet places, which are overpriced and mediocre to be honest.  One note is that the vast majority of the food outlets close by 10PM, which has caught us off guard on many an adventure.  Wolfgang Pucks restaurant opens way into the small hours, but its not exactly the cheapest place in the world to grab a late night burger.  A bit weird actually that theres nowhere cheap and cheerful late night.One highlight we discovered on our recent visit was the West Wing bar and its daily 5-8pm happy hour.  At the start of the week they offer $3 Sky based cocktails, which rise to $5 towards the weekend.  But seriously where in a big Vegas hotel can you get a decent cocktail for $3, awesome!  We came back and back again.  We also found you can use the $15 resort bar credit in conjunction with the happy hour, which on sun-wed, will basically get you five sky vodka powered cocktails for free, woo! :)We've stayed all over Vegas and the MGM is a good mid level resort, that wont break the bank, but does have those luxe options if you want them.  Now if only I could win enough on those tables to stay in their Skylofts...
4	MGM is my Vegas home away from home... they always take care of us and we have never had any problems with the rooms, check in or any of the restaurants.... one time I had a complaint about housekeeping not changing our towels and the front desk gave us resort credit to use at any of their restaurants... perfect since it was my birthday weekend!  so we use it at the Wolfgang Puck restaurant which was good and they gave us birthday cake on the house...we use the players card every time we gamble or play slots and we receive offers year round for discounted rooms and complimentary upgrades.. Casino is great, people watching all over the place...
3	Blah. MGM. I prefer places like Imperial Palace. It might be dirtier and have a bad odor BUT it's where the action is. I must admit, it takes a little longer to walk from MGM to where the good part of the strip is. But I am lazy so that doesn't say much. If you are staying here in the summer when Vegas is unbearably hot then you might want to take the tram or something. Walking is not fun, even at night you'll want to kill yourself. MGM has a beautiful exterior but the rooms are pretty mediocre. The bathroom is a little fancier than usual but besides an extra painting on the wall of the room, it's pretty much the same thing as any cheap hotel in Vegas, except, you know, MGM isn't that cheap.POSITIVES? LION! although that lazy piece of sht is always sleeping or refuses to move. ENTERTAIN US! Just kidding. The lion is pretty cool though. Other than that, if you have other choices to stay, I would stay away from the MGM.FINAL COMPLAINT, THE PARKING LOT IS FAR FROM THE HOTEL ITSELF. WALK WALK WALK. Bring some Heelys
4	Stayed here over the weekend and not completely happy. Although the suite we stayed in was good, it basically took FOREVER to get anywhere in this casino.  From our room to the pool was like 18.4 miles... Service was decent, price was alright but not cheap.  My ghetto friends were happy that at least they had a Mcdonald's that actually served dollar menu items though.  Normally the food chains that come into the LV hotels jack up their prices such as the Mcdonald's at the LUXOR but not here at MGM.  Won $500 playing 3 card poker though!! If you want to stay at a convenient hotel in Vegas, this is not the one but if you wanna walk 4 miles to see lions sleep and enjoy a $46 bucket of six pack beers at the pool, this is not a bad place to book.
4	MGM Grand, how I love you. Just came back from my 4th stay here and it never lets me down. If you are looking around for the right place to stay in Las Vegas you just need to know that the MGM Grand is reliable and has a bit of everything for all different types of people. You can bring your family here for vacation, you just need to know where to bring the kids and what palces to avoid. Even by the pool you can kind of feel out where the familys are and where the single wild groups are camped out. If you are looking to party you have Wet Republic which is insane and Studio 54 is still a solid nightlife choice. Tabu is a solid lounge choice if you are not looking to go crazy dancing. The food is excellent, the buffet used to be legendary but i had to take it down a notch for my last stay(spring break 2011), the food quality was still good but not what it used to be. Good spots on site include Diego for Mexican, Tom Colliccio's Craft Steak, a diner that serves breakfast all day and so many other options like the Rainforst Cafe that's open till the wee hours. They have Starbucks on property.The basic room has plenty of space and they still have the old MGM movie posters on the walls, nothing spectacular at this point but clean and comfortable. The bungalow suite is a good bet if you are going to party because there is a ton of room to hang out. The all-time best thing to do is buy a $22 "yardstick" pina colada or strawberry daquori, which is 32 ounces and comes with $11 refills, sit by one of the the seven pools, lazy river or waterfall all day and enjoy!All in all i still love staying at MGM and will continue to stay here when i'm in Vegas. Make sure you bring plenty of cash regardless where you stay because Vegas shouldnt be done on the cheap, theres just too much to experience.
4	i was a little leary of staying here. my thoughts were old. dirty. blah. but its where my friends wanted to stay. im a non smoker i hate smelling like smoke, i shower about 4 times a day while in vegas..psycho i know but it makes me feel gross.i booked a room in the west tower. its a non smoking area. i have to say i was really impressed. check in was quick and easy. i did get a little lost getting to my room. i was also a little tipsy from the plane ride so i wont blame the mgm. the room was above and beyond what i expected. clean. modern. smelled fresh. comfortable. the window situation was a little lacking BUT who stays in the room to look out the window.the food available was awesome. i budgeted more money to eat than i did to gamble. the bars like rouge are nice, service a little slow even though it was empty but overall i would return to rogue.also went to tabu...this was alot of fun. except the dj repeated his entire 45 min set about three times...come on dude?!?! really. prepare more music.the pool area was gorgeous. it was a little cold for me to do more than dangle my legs in the water, but when i go back i will be all over that lazy river. the staff through out was very nice and attentive. overall i was impressed and will return. also the lions were awesome!!
5	I go to LV at least once a year to go to see Jimmy Buffett.  MGM is the only place to stay as far as I'm concerned.  Feels like home!  Excellent restaurants, always clean and great service.  I've made myself make reservations at other places trying to get out of my rut, and always end up checking out and checking back into "my" MGM room.
2	So we spontaneously decided to extend our stay in Vegas by one night and since we had just eaten dinner at Craftsteak and were parked in the MGM grand self-park, we decided to just try there.  Well, we were really excited to see that they could accommodate us at about $70 for one night (about $100 total with tax, resort fee, etc.) and we decided to get the west wing type room over the standard since the receptionist said that the standards tend to be noisier.Well, we weren't really impressed.  Having just stayed at TI the past few nights and we were really impressed, this just didn't measure up for a number of reasons.1) The room literally smelled gross, like garbage.  We think the prior people left some garbage in there too wrong.  We probably could have asked for a switch room, but were so tired by now that we just ended up dealing with it.2) There was no TV remote.  We called and they brought us a new one and that also didn't work.  Called again, got a new one, finally the right one.  But this took a while.3) I'm allergic to dust and needed non-feather pillows and comforters.  They definitely did a good job changing it before we got back to our room, but they only left two very small foam pillows for the two of us.  Again, we said oh well, we were tired, whatever.So in other words, it's not like the room was HORRIBLE, but we were just really disappointed and had to fell like "whatever" to everything.  And with the kind of service and other hotels there in Vegas, I don't really think we should have to feel like that.  So 2* is appropriate, we've had better, and many times, but we've only had worse once...
3	MGM grand is your typical Vegas hotel and casino on the strip. The deluxe tower rooms were elegantly appointed with marble bathroom and very large spacious room.  However, the walls between rooms are paper thin and we could hear a group if people partying at 4 in the morning. Overall the front desk staff were friendly and helpful except the one I dealt with (mei) regarding the noise issue. She seemed more interested in arguing than resolving my concern. After a long argument she was able to . I would recommend the CBS studio city if you have time and the grand buffet was decent but nothing spectacular.  ***** Beware of the 20 dollar resort fee (incl tax)*****which you have to pay on top of priceline negotiated rates. Otherwise I would rate it 4 star.
4	Even though the Imperial Palace pays me, I tend to be drawn to MGM.  I dunno.. I like kitties.  They've never comped me *exception buffet, big effin deal.  I stayed here once, and it was a standard stay.. nothing special.  They're connected to the monorail if that helps.  The thing is, the food court- really?  Are you staying at a mall or a hotel?  Oh, and they keep getting my money.  Grrrrrrrrr.Anyways, great pool, decent rooms, average service, and they'll kill you at the tables.
4	Very decent to hotel to stay at if your in Vegas on a budget. The rooms are very clean and with a players card more then likely you will qualify for a comp room or a very good discount..The customer service is always quick in check in and great to accommodate any last minute request.. I dont you to valet because it takes at least 20 to 25 minutes for valet to bring your car. As for what there is to do in the hotel there is plenty from of course the casino which I LoVe to gamble at, the tables are low, compared to the Wynn or Palazzo. There is great variety of restaurants to choose from, from McDonalds to Emerald.
5	This is one of my most favorite places in all of Vegas. It's not too much of a party hotel like the Hard Rock or Planet Hotel, but it's not a stuffy old dump like the Sahara or Monte Carlo. I've stayed here over the years, and the one thing that keeps me coming back is the constant renovations and the consistent prices. I've never overpaid here, even when I visit during busy weekends (relative to other hotels-- gouging is inevitable during fights, conventions, etc.)The rooms are nicely maintained, but if you want a real treat, pay a little more and get a room in the West Wing. Classier, swankier, and WAY cooler. Impress your friends, or a stranger. Oh wait.ANYWAY, the MGM Grand Garden Arena is by far my favorite venue in Las Vegas. It's easy to access, and easy to exit. Parking at this hotel isn't SO bad. Valet or self. Plenty of show options. A plethora of dining options. I'm not a huge fan of the nightlife here, but you can always catch a cab, and head out to Tao, XS or Moon. No big deal. Bottom line, this is the place you want to visit in Vegas. Spend your money here. You'll be happy.
4	Its clean on the inside. Friendly and helpful employees. The Lion Habitat was closed though i just missed them. Next time though and i will add trying the Buffet to my list.
4	I like this hotel. I do. So sue me!The room was clean and we were checked in the morning after the big fight so it was booked and you know someone already cleaned that room.The soap (jasmine) smells wonderful. Beds were comfy and the staff is nice and fast. We thought we didn't have a remote and they brought a new one up in less than 10 minutes.The casino is fun, and has a lot of slots that I like. Restaurant choice is great. Overall, it's one of the better hotels.
4	So..being mine and my friend Mark's first time in Las Vegas, we did not know what to expect from the MGM Grand. There have been some terrible reviews on Yelp, some great ones as well. But a lot seem to be based on the time that people had, not the place they reviewed. So, I had a pretty good time in Las Vegas. Therefore the MGM was pretty good. Hah! The good things about the place - *The check-in was not a problem for me. Many people have found it an issue when they have reviewed it on Yelp. I found the staff to be swift in action and super-helpful. We did not even have to wait for too long to see the friendly check-in assistant. *The pools were all great, but can get pretty busy in there! The good things about the room we had (Main Hotel) were that the bathroom was finished to a high standard and spacious. I loved the view over The Strip. The window sill was nice and low, and had decent headroom. The windows could have done with a clean though. I had a great time at the Grand. The hotel is a really good all-round performer, and if the price is right, I will be back there.
2	Nicest people here are the housekeepers.  They do a good job at cleaning the rooms and being respectful.  Other than that, customer service sucks. We got food poisoning the last night from ordering room service (didn't have any drinks this night) and when we told the front desk, there was no sorry, no comp and was just told to file a complaint with securit, which we did.  We didnt care about getting $15 back-- just some acknowledgement that there was a mistake.  Sad to say, they lost us as customers.  But I'm guessing they don't give a crap.
3	Such a huge hotel, so what to say....I booked a jet blues getaway and had a room in the so-called "west wing." The room was kinda dingy in color and the worst aspect was the lack of a full door to separate the bathroom properly for privacy. I enjoyed the pool area, Knobb Hill for food/drink, watching the Lions for long stretches of time (try and catch their feedings) there is so much to each hotel, I gave it 3 stars based basically on the mediocre room and lack of decent shopping. I liked that they had cheap food available to save on meals overhead. There was no minibar in the room, which I always find annoying. One thing worth noting is, thanks to my flakyness, I overstayed my hotel room booking, thinking my redeye was the following night. They gave me the benefit of the doubt and didn't make me pay for another night even though it was almost 10PM and I was due out that morning at 11AM. That act of kindness helped me during a frustrating "holy crap, I gotta get to the airport" moment.
4	I thought that the MGM would be a high-class place, like Bellagio. It's very good, with clean rooms, retro furniture, and a multi-jet showerhead, but it's not ultra-luxe. The walls are pretty thin and you hear everything that happens in the hallway. If you get one of their Twitter deals, you've got a steal.Our room had a few issues, but the repairman came up quickly and fixed them while we were out enjoying the hotel.The spa is good and offers fun seasonal specials. There's an upcharge on weekends and a service fee (tax and 17% tip) that they don't mention when you book your treatment.  The spa has a whirlpool, sauna and steam room, no cold pool.  For me, that's a slight disadvantage.  The spa at the Palms has one, and I enjoy a cold dip after a good sauna session.  The shower was awesome, with a huge rainshower head.The food is very good.  Avoid the Studio Cafe, though.  It's not bad, but there are much better breakfast deals on the Strip, like Hash House a Go-Go at Imperial Palace.  If you're stupid-ass drunk and need a hangover cure at MGM, Studio Cafe will do it.  If you're a bit sober, go someplace else for more bang for your buck.
4	I have been to Vegas 5 Times, and each time I have tried to stay in a different Hotel.The MGM Grand was a nice and clean hotel, with a great pool and atmosphere and you can't beat the price. They also had a offer, where if you got the MGM Grand VIP pass, which you put $500 on a card and you have to spend within MGM Grand Hotels, you got other special offers and discounts which in the end was actually very helpful, as we were able to get half price tickets to some shows, we were able to get a free limo to the airport, and got discounts on all the food we ate.The biggest drawback from this hotel is that it's like staying in a Maze. I was constantly asking myself where I was the first couple days until I got my bearings straight.The Room View that we received was of the roof of another part of the hotel which wasn't that great, but the room itself was very nice. The TV in the room was a very nice flat screen TV.The Food within the MGM Grand is good, which is what you get when you stay at a Huge Hotel.Even though there were multiple starbucks within the Hotel they were always ridiculously crowded and the lines weren't really worth it.The Spa at the MGM was very nice, and very very accommodating. I had my girlfriend go and get a manicure and pedicure while I gambled a bit, and she was very happy and when I went back to the Spa to meet with her it was if she had known the people for years, they were very friendly.The Pool area was very nice, and the bars were very conveniently placed, so you really didn't have to wait for a drink long at all.I would recommend this Hotel, but for the first couple of days have a hotel map handy.
3	Bring your walking shoes!  The MGM Grand is almost a city of it's own, and it is a long walk to anything.  The rooms are quite nice, large with good views and comfortable beds. Only real complaints would be that there is no coffee pot or refrigerator in the room, and that the doors are paper thin so you hear every little noise from the hall . I was attending a conference at the hotel. From my room to the conference center walking at a pretty brisk pace took 9 minutes. There is a soda machine and an ice machine on each floor. Sodas (or water) is $3.00 a bottle, but don't worry, the machine takes credit cards! Plenty of good restaurants, a couple with several big TV cooking show names (Tom Colicchio's CraftSteak and 'whichCraft and Emeril Lagasse's Emeril Restaurant). For the more budget minded there is also a food court with a couple fast food choices, like McDonalds. If you get a good deal on room rates, it's not a bad place to stay.
3	I can't speak to the hotel accommodations but there is an air of excitement at the MGM Grand that his hard to replicate at any of the other hotels on the strip.  Despite having been around for a long time, the MGM Grand constantly remakes itself so that even today it is a modern and luxurious facility.  There are plenty of shops, eateries, and gambling space to keep you occupied for hours.  David Copperfield plays here and KA the Cirque du Soleil show with martial arts bent is housed here.  I suspect because it's been around so long that the hotel is not as nice as the newer ones on the strip - Bellagio, Cosmopolitan, Aria, Mandarin Oriental, etc... but although I might not want to stay here, it is a fun place to hang out and gamble.
5	Best prices on quality of hotel rooms. World class restaurants and a beautiful pool and spa. Only drawback is that the nightclubs studio 54 and tabu suck. Wet republic is great. Very nice and well trained staff.
5	I've stayed here twice and I would definitely consider staying here again. Here are the pros and cons:PROS:1) Large, open hotel with everything you'd ever want/need: tons of restaurants, 2 nightclubs, lots of gaming, good shows, shopping.2) The rooms are clean and comfortable. Better than some other rooms I've stayed in on the strip. Are they 5-star, ultra-luxury? No. But when I go to Vegas, I don't spend much time in my hotel room, so I don't need something 5-star. 3) Value - great value for the price. Well worth it.4) Pool - of all the hotels I've stayed at, MGM has the best pool. There are 4 of them, plus a lazy river. I've never had any issues getting a chair and there's plenty of sun, but also nice lush landscaping.5) I've always found the staff to be helpful and accommodating.6) Great energy... and lions! Real ones!CONS:1) There are some 5,000 rooms in this place. Unless you're some high-roller, don't expect to get 5-star service everywhere you go. I'm totally fine with this, and never have the expectation of someone personally wiping my butt for me, but some people think they're that special.2) The hotel is older, but not in a dirty/run-down way. It's just not as new as some of the other hotels, but it's worth saving some $$.3) The location at the south end of the strip does make it tough to walk to properties on the north end. However, getting to NY NY, then to Excalibur is super fast and easy. You don't even need to go down to the street.4) When I was there, the "casual dining" cafe wasn't open 24 hours, which is a bummer when you're hungry at 2 am, and the only thing open is a more expensive restaurant, when you're really rather have pancakes and hash browns.I love MGM and would highly recommend it to anyone going to Vegas. If you're into nightlife, check out Studio 54 -- one of my favorite clubs.
3	I've stayed at the MGM twice. I've stayed in a traditional room and just recently stayed in a West Wing room. I loved the traditional room, however, i shower plugged up before we left and the water built up in the tub. This was disappointing and gross since we payed $150/night for the room on a weekend. WWe didn't have any problems with the West Wing room. My only complaint was that it was a long walk from the elevator. The room was a bit small but modern and clean. All the restaurants in MGM are pricey and i would recommend going elsewhere for food. he pool are is huge and alot of fun. Studio 54 is small and they didn't play popular music. Tabu is smaller but they play better music and the crowd is more mature and classy. Women can get wristbands and go in for free if you find the promoters in the casino. Ask them to put you on the list.I would stay at MGM again, but i don't have a strong desire to go back. However, i definately recommend it.
4	This really is one of my favorite casinos on the Strip.  It's classy, but not overly "museum pretentious" like some of the newer places, the restaurants are EXCELLENT, their entertainment venue (Grand Garden Arena) has played host to several excellent shows, and honestly, I rate casinos here based off memories built and fun experiences.They have a nice amount of entertainment here.  54 is a fun club.  "Ka" is a highly enjoyable Cirque show.  they have live lions here in their personal habitat.  I've heard of and seen pictures that they had a full theme park here, but that was before my time in Vegas, and I can only wonder now what that was like.  There are still tiny hints and remnants around the place, and I do remember it semi mid-transition.  It still has some "theme" elements left, like the recent "CSI" attraction that they added not too long ago.  It took the arcade's place, though there is a Gameworks right next door.It's also in a good spot on the Strip, where you can easily walk to a lot of other casinos and venues, without feeling completely out of the way here.  that said, this place is huge.  If you've been walking around, and your feet are tired, this casino is not your friend.  I once made the mistake of trying to talk the outside of it to get to my car, thinking it really wasn't all that big.  Let my experience save you from making a similar lapse in common sense: Don't try that.It's a middle road between "expensive" and "all access" depending on what you want to do at the place.  But it's still very nice, and the staff, right down to the people who valet your car, have always been pleasant in my experiences.  And as I said earlier, these casinos for many come down to the sum of the experiences that you have there in order to generate loyalty or "personal favorites".  This is one that you can have a good time at, and keep revisiting to continue that vibe.
5	Went through here on my way from the fountain to Joel Robuchon. I can't wait to stay here; it's amazing.
3	Four stars for the hotel: our room was spacious, clean, and well-stocked, but very far from the elevator.Two stars for the casino: too spread out, the ashtrays on the blackjack tables rarely got cleared.Three stars for the pool: lots of chairs, well-signed, and a delightful place to eat called the Cabana Cafe.Three stars for the restaurants: is it too much to ask to have more than one place to get some sit-down breakfast besides a $25 buffet or a Rainforest Cafe? Feh.Free wi-fi is a nice touch, assuming you wouldn't rather use the gym.
3	ummm. everything was okay... we stay here for two nights because they have the special that $150 for 2 nights. everything was okay except there is no fridge and coffee maker... when i request for the hot water, they ask for $10.50 for just hot water!!!! i am like WTH? the restroom is so so...no fan, and the shower head looks pretty cheap and suck. no plasma TV,  but the furnitures looks pretty good. the bed was not too soft which i love it. staffs are pretty friendly here. the bath essential are pretty good, i love the jasmine shower gel, lotion, shampoo, and conditioner.
4	I must say, a nice hotel, Impressed how nice our room was, and we got the room for a steal for the 5 nights we were there. It took awhile to check in/ out, and that kinda sucked, but its always busy in Vegas, and when the guy in front of you has 20 questions..well....Our room was at the very end of the hall, before the Skylofts, so heels came off and we walked barefoot till we got to the elevator. A girls gotta do what a girls gotta do... I would stay again.
1	Don't waste your gambling money on this dump. I stayed for three nights over Memorial Day weekend. Our group got three separate rooms. My room looked decent when I entered but once realizing there was no coffee maker, no mini fridge, and a ridiculously old shower head, I was ready to switch hotels. Room service dishes were left on the ground for hours without clean up. The pool was decent, but I would stay away from Wet republic until they learn to organize a line. Perhaps they stuck us in the old wing, but come on, for the money we paid we should at least have had a coffee maker in the room. I should stop being so negative, we had a great view of the Motel 6 across the street.
3	ok. here we go.My First time in Vegas last June, we stayed in MGM. when we arrived there, one of the check-in clerks was pretty rude ( maybe she was on her period) she made some comment and my friend ( who needs to learn to keep that NY "IDGAF" attitude back home) my friend started going off! way to start a vacation right, smh.you will see why i gave it 4 stars.after going out the first night, we come back to the hotel room and realized the there was a leak in the shower that came onto the carpet that is between the wall and the bed closest to the bathroom. called front desk and they had a bell hop come grab our luggage and take us to another room. (mind you its like 5 am) we go through employee elevators and into a room that was FILTHY! bed was made, garbage everywhere! we were pissed. so we call again, and they bring us into room #3! it seemed fine. i was wrong. the shower had a leakage and our floor was all wet in the bathroom. i went to the front desk and they told us an engineer would go fix it. and gave us 1 night off! woot woot! then, we went out the next night, and guess what . the faucet was leaking! and ruined all our makeup! we were beyond upset!i went down to the manager and had a big talk about our entire experience. i didnt yell , but he can tell i was upset and it was really just RIDICULOUS. he was like "oh im from NY too! imma hook u guys up since its your last night here" he gave us 100 dollars room service and upgraded us to a BEAUTIFUL 2 BEDROOM SUITE WITH PANORAMIC VIEWS OF THE STRIP. so one night off, room service and a great upgrade, not bad. :)
3	This hotel is getting old, but I really feel like they keep investing to keep it modern.
3	Go see the lions...Most likely they will be sleeping but a cool and free attraction.This place has high limits usually at $10 and above.I do like the poolside.
3	I admit that I'm spoiled because I've stayed at ARIA a lot lately, but it had been a few years since I had been to MGM Grand. Basically, it's still the same, they've updated what they've had to but what was once cutting edge is now dated.It's sad to see that MGM Resorts or whatever they're calling themselves these days funneled so much into CityCenter and let their other properties go. The rooms are rooms, nothing fancy. I stayed in the main tower, so West Wing would probably have been a better fit for me. The furniture was old, the TV was not a flat panel which would have been fine because MGM actually offers up a lot of channels if the button on the TV hadn't been broken. Um no thanks MGM, I'm not sticking my finger in the TV to get it on...I like that there's a food court, I have to say that a lot of the food I got on room service was sub par. The best thing I got were buffalo wings and I mean who gets heating those things up wrong. I will say that the slots seemed really loose and they have a huge variety of games and they have tried and true games still on the floor - I think it's the only place you can find Price Check anymore.
1	Spent one night here with three friends. The cost for one night in this crappy room? $220!!! We split it four ways, but still. If we had spent $75 on this room, I may have given them two stars.What I liked: The bed. It was really comfortable.What I didn't like:The half inch of dust on the lamp/nightstand. Ew.The very obvious um...stain of passion...on the black dust ruffle of my bed. I'm sure it would wash out.The large yellow stain on my friend's white comforter. I don't expect them to wash the comforters daily...but it's white. Don't have white comforters if you aren't going to keep them white.The electrical outlets that were so loose that our phone chargers wouldn't stay in them.The shower that barely gave hot water and pelted us with hard water - it felt like we were being sandblasted.I also really liked that we checked in at 11 AM and there was a tray of gross fruit in the hall a few doors down from us. It was still there at midnight.My friend had stayed here before - she said it was nice, but she stayed in another wing. Maybe there are nicer rooms here, but the one we had was definitely not, and DEFINITELY not worth $220!
3	Overall, definitely a good place to stay. However, for the price I expected better service & in-room amenities. I asked for 2 queens and ended up with 1 king. I called to have it switched, and was told someone would bring a new key up w/in 15 mins. About 25-30 mins went by and still no key. I called back to cancel the change b/c I didn't want to wait around.The walk from the parking garage to the hotel is sort of far, especially when you've been walking around a lot.The check-in area was really nice & filled with fresh flowers. The walls & ceiling looked fabulous.  The casino was big and didn't smell like a cigarette box.The room was smaller than I would have expected for a pricier place. The bathroom was spacious, modern, & clean.The beds were comfy w/ plenty of pillows. Outdated TV.The pool (Wet Republic) was amazing and big. There were plenty of places to sit and relax, even during the weekends (except when a celebrity is around).
4	Came here for a bachelor party, got the end hall suite, overall a positive experience :)PROS:-Good Room Service - we had someone plunging our crap filled, plugged toilet at 4am. Epic!!!-Crazy Horse - the burlesque show was AMAZAZING!-Tip the waitresses well at first in the casino and they'll never let your cup go dry-Very close to the airport ($11 taxi)-Across the street from Hooters-Walking distance to a number of other good hotels/casinosCONS: -Far from the strip-Bad luck at their casinos-The late night guy at the elevators checking for your room key gets annoying
5	This place is ridiculously luxurious. Many people don't even know it exists. Once you/re inside it doesn't even feel like you are in Las Vegas anymore. The whole courtyard is enclosed and it smells like lemons.
1	Big Mistake.  Apparently none of the workers at this hotel feel that they have a job to do.  When first room was not exceptable contacted front desk she gave me a new room at 159.00 total for room cost.  Lateron found out this was a upgrade charge.  I specificially asked her 4 times if this was the total room charge.  She said yes.  Bonk not so!!! In my attempt to correct this I have been on the phone 22 times to correct this and being on hold the majority of these conversations of up to 15 minutes.My phone was also stolen by the individual across the hall.  it was outside my door.  However Sgt Robertson who I spoke to told me this was not lost and found.  And no one told him about it!!! Go back to playing solitare moron!  Checking in and Checking out  has extremely long lines and very unorganized.  To get to the pool is a major walk.  Rather stay at the travel lodge with the pool outside the door.  MGM is so yesterday!
4	The MGM Grand is one of those classic Vegas hotels that is here to stay. When you walk into the hotel lobby, the entire area is massive. The front desk workers were very helpful and courteous, providing us with information and answering all of our questions.The room was in a great location. We had a view of New York New York directly in front of us, and the mountains were very visible in the background, which made for a nice view when we woke up in the morning. The hotel's pool is amazing. It's like a flowing stream that goes around an island. The temperature of the water was not too cold. Walking to the pool was a little cumbersome. We had to walk through the casino to get to the pool area, which seemed a mile away. Another cool thing about this hotel is the lion area. It's cool walking in an area where the lions are literally above your head in a glass encasing. Overall, I would recommend this hotel. Some people may think it's too far from the strip, but it is actually on the strip. I consider it to be at the beginning of the strip as you're coming in from the airport.
3	The MGM is big, I don't know how old it is, but the casino looks nice. The bars are nice too, though they don't have necessarily a big selection of premium alcohol (at least at the one we walked by). It has the compliment of slots and table games. It was easy to find a decent minimum bid on the tables. I think it has a decent selection of restaurants (always important to me). Though I am sold more on rooms at other hotel/casinos, I wouldn't be opposed to staying here if there was not room at other places. Unlike other casino's I would go back here and do much more exploring!
3	I don't think I've stayed at the MGM since it first opened, which according to Wikipedia was 1993. It makes sense because even as an 11 year old, I was still a frequent Vegas visitor. It's changed quite a bit since then. Back in the day everything was Wizard of Oz themed and there was a small amusement park in the back.The MGM is still huge. In fact, it's too huge for me. It probably takes 15 minutes to walk from our room to the pool or our room to the parking lot. The rooms were nice, but nowhere near as plush as the Wynn or even Red Rock. There are a bunch of pools, but it was super crowded and just seemed kind of dirty with all the beer bottles laying around. I also had ZERO luck at the casino, although single deck black jack for $10 is a pretty good deal. The area further down the strip is a lot nicer. Around the MGM there are a bunch of costumed characters hanging around to take pictures with which I thought was just weird. I would stay at the MGM only if I got a really good deal. Otherwise, I'd probably stay somewhere else.
5	Beautiful place, Tuscan villa style. Understated entrance. Excellent service.Breakfast on the patio was lovely. It's a garden atrium, very unlike Vegas. I ordered the braised short rib with two poached eggs. It was so tender it literally melted in your mouth.It's very quiet, private, exclusive.
4	My first ever experience in Las Vegas as a 21 year old began by arriving at the MGM Grand following a flight courtesy of Virgin America. One word describes the MGM: GRAND. It's name literally is the perfect description to understand this place. The initial check in area/lobby is enormous. There were many employees at the front desk and we were checked in within 15 minutes. We did encounter a small issue when requesting our rooms; we reserved our room online for a king bed in the grand tower, turns out we supposedly reserved a room with two queens. This was sort of bothersome as what we reserved is what we really wanted, but apparently no single king rooms were available so we were placed in the West Wing, somewhat of a false advertising thing as all the grand tower rooms I saw mostly had two queens. In reality, our west wing room was really cool with a nice, large bed with dimly lit lighting. It came with a standard TV and DVD player, ample closet space and a sleek bathroom at the entry. Be wary; if your trying to stay cheap and reserve a room for two people, no locks on the bathroom doors and it is likely you'll hear any bathroom issues if an individual were to have any. Otherwise the room itself was very nice and worth the price. The worst part is a long, long, long walk from the room to the elevator which seems endless every time.The amenities offered by the MGM include the cardio room, the lion habitat (it's free viewing, you figure that $20 resort fee has to maintain the lions), and the magnificent pool area. The pool area was phenomenal: several separate pools and the thrilling lazy river. As we enjoyed two plus hours of floating down the lazy river, we did so with round doughnut floaters available for $10 for half a day and $15 for a full day. Lockers are provided for $1.50 yet many of then were broken. As we traveled down the lazy river, we of course had drinks in hand and also nearby was a mini store and bar serving alcohol and food. Be ware, bring your own lotion as we forgot to purchase some and were shocked to discover that the sun tanning lotion we were buying was going to cost $17! Nonetheless, this minor setback would not stop us. It was like a nonstop party going around the lazy river with everyone drinking something and having a good time.The MGM also had several dinning venues and retail stores. There is a food court that has Nathan's Hot Dogs, McDonalds, New York Pizza, Wolfgang Puck Bar and several others that are open throughout the day and into the night. The nightclubs present in this location are such places as studio 54, Vida after 10:30pm. Slots and gambling are a must while here with some tables starting at very low bets.Overall, the MGM was a very awesome experience. The only setbacks were the enormous area that needed to be covered on foot such as walking from the elevator to our rooms, which took forever. Unfortunate, unless you know your way around pretty well, its tough to reach the strip where all the action was taking place and we were forced to catch a cab to all the locations and clubs we wanted to visit. Nonetheless, all the employees were very friendly and the cab fares relatively reasonable. Even at 4 AM, people would not stop coming in and out of the hotel, which is the reason people come to Vegas. Its a party 24-7. I must return one day once again, the Lazy River is a keeper.
4	The place is huge! Clean, busy fun and worth the price to stay.. Lots of good restaurants!
1	What can I say, the celebrity suite was unquestionably the worst hotel experience i have ever had. We ordered a non smoking room and as soon as we walk in, there literally was smoke coming out of the room. We complained and they said they would take care of the problem by sending up a machine to clean everything.  Well I didn't realize that this machine would be a young bell boy with a can of febreeze that honestly did not work. Also, I did not enjoy the 19 inch Panasonic tv from the mid 90's. This hotel did not live up to it's name.  Never again.
4	MGM Grand is a great place to stay! I never had a bad experience here. The rooms are nice and the people that work at the MGM Grand are really nice. They have the best pool in Las Vegas ( well I think its the best). They also have a lions exhibit in the middle of the Casino so if you have kids make sure you stop by there! But I warn you there are always pushy people at the exhibit they have to act like they never saw a lion before!
2	My third visit to the MGM Grand was fatally bad.  I will not return.  They did not have the 2 queen bed room we booked, and "upgraded" us to a room with one king and a rollaway. That sucked. Flashback to slow lines at check-in, and flash forward to three calls to housekeeping to get the rollaway.  And they didn't bring pillows or sheets. Huh? The room was filthy and in dis-repair. Think Monica Lewinsky's dress when I describe the filthy couch.  Think The Who circa 1970 when I describe the walls. Plus so much dust everywhere that I'm sneezing just writing this review. My take is that the MGM Grand is such a huge hotel, that with staff cutbacks, is not being maintained properly.  So, what goes on in Vegas, gets reported on Yelp.
3	I didn't stay here but I was in here a couple of times to buy KA tickets and then later that night to see the show. I thought it was super cool that they have the lion den in the hotel. There was a guy in there playing with them, what an idiot I think. But...isn't it inhumane to keep lions caged up like that, simply for the sake of entertainment? Anyways, the conceirge was really nice. and the bar in the KA theatre had really great drink deals. I thought it was cool that the tram connects to the back of MGM as well. As for the rooms, restaurants or casino's...I can't really vouch for them.
4	Stayed here for my 21st birthday vegas trip. Honestly it was better than I expected. I read some of the reviews here that said it was old and dirty but I did not get that at all!The only negative thing from keeping this a five star review was upon check in, they gave me two double beds instead of what I had booked. They said it was based on availability, I understood but still did not think it was right. The next morning I called down to the front desk they got me another room with the king size bed and a city view.  I had a BLAST here, Poker here was the best. Thats where I spent all my time. I stayed for a week and could not have been more pleased with the staff. The parking really is a pain thou, Almost a 10 min walk to our car. So I just valet it from there on. The hotel is HUGE! I cant wait for my next trip out here!
3	We stayed in the older part of the hotel and the room was very dated.. the drain in the sink and the shower did not work and the most amusing part was the fact the air conditioner had 3 settings of low, medium and high, which seemed to blast cold air on every setting.... why 3 stars.... we really didn't spend that much time in the room and the walk to the lazy river was less than 5 min...  the casino and restaurants were great... all in all any time spent out of the room and at the casino/pool was great and well worth it!!
5	We booked our honeymoon/graduation/husband birthday at MGM for our first trip to Las Vegas. We had originally booked a west wing room for 4 nights, but when we arrived and checked into our room, we were on the second floor, with no view of anything. I was pretty sunken down and thought this trip wasn't gonna be worth it. So, I made my way back to the lobby and spoke to girl and explained to her why we were on this trip and how unhappy we were with the room. Within a few minutes, she was able to speak to her manager and offer us a celebrity suite on the 20th floor with no extra charge!! (It was a smoking room and we don't smoke, but it didn't bother us) The room was great and we enjoyed our stay.Mind you, but Vegas is where tips rule and I tipped her $20 for doing us that favor.
2	I want to know how on earth they got four diamonds. The room had a bathroom with a glass door and you could hear everything going on in there :( Glad my boyfriend loves me! really uncomfortable, no fan to put on or anything. Customer service was lacking, they charge $18 a day in resort fees and the only thing I use is the printing of airline tickets and three people could not give us paper for the printer. The television in our room had a huge line through the picture, had we been on a relaxing vacation and not been on the go the whole time, I would have asked for a new room. Can't believe the level of service and poor room quality is four diamonds. I have been at much nicer places with a lot less diamonds!
2	I get it, it's one of the biggest hotels on the strip but that's exactly what's wrong with it.  Its so big that it takes 5 minutes to walk through the hotel just to get to get to the elevators.  But don't forget about the other 5 minutes it takes to board up, stop on every freaking floor, and walk down the never ending hall to your room.  Staying with 3 other girls can be cozy but the room was already small and felt especially cramped.  Had a great time in Vegas with the girls but I wouldn't stay here again.
4	Very nice casino, can't wait to go back!  Plenty of open tables, endless number of slot machines.  You never really have to leave the hotel to have a great weekend in Vegas.
4	The rooms, like the hotel itself, are huge.  Very comfortable accommodations, but because the hotel is so darn large, I always got lost and had trouble finding my room.  Didn't appreciate it in the wee hours of the morninig.  All in all, it was fine, the beds were quite comfy, and I enjoyed my stay.  I'd probably stay elsewhere next time, though, so I don't have issues with finding my room.  The casino was NOT kind to me....well, none of them are, but that's to be expected, right?
1	Carpet in the room and hall ways were disgusting, by the time you walked from the shower to the bed your feet were black. You can walk around the hotel and see every where some one puked or spilled something. The sheets were stained, hair from the previous guest was still in the shower drain. The  TV was about 15 Years old. I stayed in the "west" wing. Seemed dark and confining. Upon checkin, we were sent on a long confusing maze to get to our room, turned out there was s much shorter way to get there. Wifi was good but it cost $18. A day.
4	I like this hotel because you can find everything from the best restaurants to fast food.Midnight soups at Cafe  was the best.We saw two shows ,David copperfield and KA .Lots of fun .
4	Great hotel! I found a deal online and booked a room for 3 days. Split between 4 people, the rate was very reasonable. Gorgeous hotel with plenty to eat (upscale and cheap), lounges, and entertainment options. The pools were huge, but full of drunk people (always amusing). My tip, bring alcohol with you to the room. Don't buy drinks at the lounges or pool. It's way too expensive. Downsides: our toilet kept clogging, the shower didn't drain too well and the sink handle leaked. Also, housekeeping knocked and kept waking us up early EACH DAY even when we had the "do not disturb" sign up on the door.
4	The hotel was very clean and great service! The housekeeping was extremely attentive. It wasnt even that expensive. Loved the goose down comforter. I did not want to get out of my bed during my vacation =) I will be staying at MGM again!! MOST DEFINITELY
5	This has to be our favorite hotel to stay at on "the strip", and its not because we get our rooms comp..........nah it is:)   But we still love this place. Everyones nice here. The rooms are nice nothing really special. The maid service is always good.   Lots of good restaurants and fast food places.   The casino has a good layout, the table games 'limits' are reasonable.   Location is perfect if you want to walk to other casinos. The monorail starts/ends at the MGM.
4	This was the 5th time I stayed at the MGM....and the first time I used the pool.  I thought the lazy river was great fun.   I loved the food at Wolfgang Pucks...and the Studio Cafe.  Got to see a glimpse of the lions, and fed a bunch of my hard earned money into the slot machines.  All in all it was a good stay, but I do think some of their employees could improve on their customer service.
3	MGM... I have good and bad things to say. Which should I start with? Let's get the bad out of the way.THE BAD: This place is FREEZING inside. So cold can't believe it. I was playing blackjack and started shaking from the heat exposure outside and alcohol I had to go up to my room and turn on the heater. My husband was freezing too so it's not just me.Our room was very outdated. The bedside tables were worn down and peeling from water damage. The carpet was ehhhh and the TV was small. Nice view though...If I ever come back I am going to stay in the West wing or one of their newer suites. Unfortunately Las Vegas cleans out their sewer system once a month and makes the whole town smell like ass. We were here on a Monday night when they did this and it made you feel like you were breathing, bathing and ingesting..CACA!!! On the 19th floor!!! Since it was 3AM when I got in on our last night, I didn't have the sobriety or energy to move rooms. My husband called up and they at least comped the room that night and a few other things.Our friends went to the Cirque du Soleil show there and did not like it very much.THE GOOD:First they were very nice about our smelly experience which is why they have 3 stars.The food was good. I wish I could remember what restaurants we went to but I did enjoy it. The pool is FUN! Lots of people watching, lots of super hot people and everyone loved the river running around it. Good service from pool personnel.Even though the room was outdated the bed was very comfortable. My husband loved the very large body pillow and we slept like babies. I don't like the idea of Lions in captivity but I did enjoy seeing them. They are so beautiful I wish I could go in there... :)OVERALL: Not bad. solid 3.5 stars if the smell of shit didn't ruin our last night. Make sure you upgrade your room if you stay here to the new rooms. I would have been much happier spending my money on that than at their tables.
4	I've mostly always stayed at this hotel. It's a good location, not smack in the middle of the strip but there are so many hotels around the area you can walk to with connecting bridges. Overall it's a great place to stay, clean and nice, but there has been some incidents of rude employees and long check in lines. I do think the rooms should be updated, at least flat screens!
4	The 5 different pools in the MGM Grand complex alone were more than enough to justify the expense! It didn't hurt that our group of 11 was blessed with beautiful sunshine and 85-degree weather. For a fantastic experience in Vegas, a stay at the MGM is a must for the sole reason of the pools - Lazy River will go a long way towards killing that hangover from the previous night!The hotel concierges were very helpful, there was no problem checking in; all of our questions were answered courteously. Room service was very helpful as well, they provided us extra bedding (without charging us for the additional occupants, thank God!) and fixed a lamp that wasn't working.To be honest, the MGM does not have the highest-quality rooms, the interiors were about the same level of decor as a Holiday Inn. The showerhead looked like it hadn't been replaced in decades, and the water pressure was very harsh. The AC system worked only sporadically, which I'm sure will be a problem for them in the summer months when the temps climb to the 120s and the windows still don't open :)All told, I would recommend the MGM for anyone who wants to do Vegas to the max - casinos, bars, nightlife, pools, "the world is your oyester" type of trip. MGM has a huge complex apart from the pools offering endless casino space, fine dining, and a less expensive food court. Every possible amenity is included in the massive facility. Just try not to pay attention to the quality of the hotel room itself, that is clearly not the focus at MGM.
4	This casino is great, but it seems like all casinos on the strip seems to be great. Not much to write about here as we came here to just check around. Didn't gamble much didn't check out the rooms or pool (because we didn't room there). But all in all it was great couple of things I like about this casino is that they had there own Lion watch area where there are a few lions walking around in a glass area. We actually got there at a good time as we ran into the UFC poker tournament and get to see a few UFC fighters.
1	For some reason they did not have my reservation that I paid for through Amex. They blamed Amex, Amex blamed them. At the end of the day, I paid and got a room but they took no responsiblity or even tried to make it better. No customer service, the people were mostly rude. The only nice person there was at the buffet. An ok buffet if you like buffets... but over all, this place is out dated. If Joel Robuchon was not there, I would not bother going there at all.  So many other great hotels to try at around the same place. My sister stayed across the street at the Tropicana and that place was way more updated than MGM and at a better price.
5	love being a VIP in this hotel
4	First, we got CHEAP AS HECK room rates (and yes, they add a $23 a day "hotel charge" which takes away somewhat from the great deal).  We got a free upgrade to a Suite.  ALL and EVERY employee we had any contact with-- from Bell Men, Parking Attendants, Security, Waitpersons, Concierge, Dealers, etc. etc. etc.-- were wonderful.  Polite, friendly, professional.  SUPER wonderful staff.  Very nice and did great.  We liked that.  It was true everywhere in the hotel casino.  The staff were excellent.  And our maid(s)-- did a fabulous job cleaning our suite every day.  Can't say enough good stuff.  Take some of that $$$ away from the stupid "suits" and give the "working staff" all raises.. they make the place great.Place is TOO DARN BIG.   Just too big.  We rented me a "scooter" and that helped some with my mobility problems.  But it is still just too big.POOL:  They have a wonderful Floating River.  Takes a good 10-15 minutes to go around the whole thing. Nice staff, nice plantings, etc.  BUT:  This time, July 4th to 9th, there were TOO MANY KIDS-- screaming, running, bumping, obnoxious, loud, horrible KIDS.   They clogged the floating river and the pools.  Ruined that part for us.  Just too much."Ka", Cirque du Soleil show:   WOW!   OMG!   A+++++.  Awesome show.  Best of the 7 Cirque shows I have seen.  Just outstanding.  So worth it.  Wish I could go again.  LOVE LOVE LOVE it.  Restaurants:   Ate at Wolfgang Puck one night.  Wow, the prices were pretty reasonable and food was EXCELLENT, as was waiter.  Next night we went to "Diego" Oaxacan Mexican food... very very good.  Loved the chicken in mole sauce.   Great meal.   Never made it to the buffet.  For breakfast we loved the cafe restaurant.   Hopefully next time we will get to try Joel Robuchon (heard many great things); Emeril's, and other places.It was clean, nice, pretty, and excelent staff.  Just wish it was a little smaller.   Wonderful place to stay for a great rate.
3	Looking back, I think our experience at the MGM Grand could have been better. We arrived in Vegas super early (don't ask) and waited until after 4p for an open room. We booked the Prima package, which has since changed pretty drastically, but at the time the package included a free room upgrade. Sadly, there were no rooms to upgrade us to, so we received a $50 credit. We stayed in the West Wing and the room was very small (smaller than Luxor and the Hilton). Fortunately, there weren't any noise issues other than random drunks in the hall, but be prepared to feel slightly claustrophobic at first. The bathroom was also small and there was very little primping space. Very modern feel to the room, but not great. We checked out KA and Crazy Horse Paris, receiving a discount on KA since we were staying at the MGM. Both were great shows (Crazy Horse was a little slow in some parts, but at least there were boobies to stare at.) One great thing about the MGM is that there is a discount ticket booth almost directly outside, which is how we saw Crazy Horse for half price. The Prima package was a great deal at the time because we received 2-for-1 drinks at four of the bars, saving us a great deal of cash to spend on the slots :) They also offered several deals for the restaurants (2-for-1 entrees) but we actually never ate at any aside from the buffet, which was NOT part of the deal and which I would NOT recommend. The seafood was NOT fresh. The Prima deal is no longer the awesomeness that it was, so I really see no reason to go back to the MGM to stay when you can get a larger, nicer room for the same or better price elsewhere on the strip.I do love the Lion Exhibit, though.
1	DIRTY!!! YUCK! We booked the Celebrity Suite, and ewww yuck it was dirty. You could see the dirt/ disgustingness on a dark blue couch in the suite.  Box TVS. Dirty carpets and tile.  We checked out 20 minutes after we checked in, and they still charged us for the 3 nights we had booked when they said that they wouldn't (we are in the midst of getting ahold of their billing department).  We then went to the Signature and the Venetian and it cost us just as much as they were charging at the MGM but their rooms were clean and luxurious. DON'T BOOK HERE. DISGUSTING!
4	Being my first time to Vegas I have to say I enjoyed my stay here. On our last night we saw one of the few shows MGM Grand offers- Crazy Horse Paris. I loved it! It is a small intimate burlesque show but if you like burlesque you will definitely like this show. The food court is nice for late night snacking. Having said all that if we ever go back to Vegas we will definitely be staying at the Venetian!!!! Better food for sure!!!
4	Great rooms.  Easy to get around the strip.
1	Never again will I be going to the MGM Grand. I had a terriable experiance here.  This review is more about the hotel rooms and teh staff than the hotel as a whole. I will say that i went to their pool and it was ok. Nothing special. They have a lazy river but it is always overly crowded and sort of a meat market. The staff at the pool was nice and when there was a lighting storm they immediatley had every guest get out of the poolI went to Las Vegas for my bachelorette party. We decided to stay at the MGM Grand because the cost for the hotel rooms were pretty decent.  We checked in on a Thursday. When we went to the front desk to check in, we immeditatley received horrbible customer service. The gentleman at the front desk was very unwelcoming. We asked if he would be able to upgrade us since it was my bachelorette party. He was able to do this for an extra fee. We decided to do this since it would end up being a larger room. He let us know that our card would not be charged until check out. (which he was incorrect about. I received a call from my fiancee why there was a charge for $800 about 5 minutes after we checked in. I had to straighten that out with teh front desk the next morning) He then asked us what our plans for this evening and we told him that we would be going to Tao for dinner. He gave us a disgusted look and told us that he had never been there but heard horrible things and that our dinner choice was a bad one. We then asked if he had any suggestions and he did not respond. He handed us our room keys and that was it.... nice was to start the weekend. We went up to our room and we were blown away by how HOT our room was. I ran over to air condition and saw that it was on the coldest and highest setting. We thought since it was a larger room, maybe it needed more time to cool down. The lighting in teh hollywood suite was akso very, very dim. It was extremley hard to see much of anytihng in our room. We went out that night and when we came back, it was still so hot. it was compleltley miserable. On top of that, we could not locate the light switch to turn off the main light in the bedroom.It was about 4 am but we called the front desk in hopes that someone could help us. The woman on the other line was just as bad as the gentleman at the fron desk. She must have thought we were dumb, drunk people who were being stupid. I completley understand asking someone how to turn off the light might sound like a stupid question but we seriously could not find the light switch. We also asked her if she could send someone up to help us with our air condition as it was very hot in our room. She said someone would be up shortly...Well obviously shortly can mean very different times to different epople. A Half hour later we were still waiting for someone to come up to our room. We called about 5 more times and each time the lady would either tell us what we wanted to hear, hang up the phone or just transfer us to another department(i.e. house keeping, maintence or the food service...) very odd behavior for someone working in customer service. I get that they probably get alot of drunk phone calls in the middle of the night/early morning but  if you have someone working at that time, then i would suggest they be helpful to the people paying to stay at your hotel. FINALLY someone came to our room by 5am. He searched and searched but he too was not able to turn off the light in the main room. He asked us if he could just break the light. He almost did until he called someone else and was able to find teh light swtich; which was behind the armour. He said he had never seen something like that. He also had no idea how to fix the air condition. Great...After sweating through the night from the intense heat, we left  to talk to someone in person at teh front desk. A different gentleman  tried to help us with our air condition problem. He said someone would go up shortly and that we did not need to be in the room while he was fixing it...We decided to leave for an afternoon of shopping. When we came back the room was completley miserable! It was just so hot. We called teh front desk again and the woman suggest we move to anotehr room. Fantastic. So they moved us....right next door. The room was just as hot and miserable and the room was in worse condition: Lamps did not work, plugs were burnt out, furniture was broken and the air condition did not work. We then called the front desk to explain o ur dilemma and about 45 minutes later, anoterh maintence guy came up. He was in our room for about an hour and finally fixed the air condition. I have never had such a bad experiance at a hotel. I have never felt so un-welcome. I will NEVER go back to the MGM Grand.
4	One of my favorite casinos and hotel on the strip! I've stayed at a handful of places and the MGM is still the go to classic. So, its not as swanky as Bellagio, Cosmopolitan or the Wynn but year after year, visit after visit I always find myself making my way over to the MGM. The rooms are not quite as plush but who cares? If you are coming to Vegas to indulge in your room instead of indulging in the sights, sounds and tastes of Vegas than you might be hopeless and in the wrong city. I don't come to Vegas to hole up in my room...I'm lucky if I even see the inside of my room for more than a few short hours.
3	I have stayed at the MGM twice now. The first time I stayed July 2010....I had a pleasant experience and this past time in May 2011 it was okay. Things I like about the hotel:The Casino is goodWent to a really great comedy show there that was reasonably priced. LOVE the pool.... so many options and the lazy river is fun!!Beds are comfy, and rooms are a good size.Also the price is reasonable and they have fairly good deals.Do NOT like:Asked to extend our time and the kicked us right out because they had an event Most of the rooms smell like smoke even if they are non smoking. Restaurants are not great.Out dated TV'sAnd the showers are for people under 5'4"....so uncomfortable.Overall not a bad deal but next time I go to vegas I will try another hotel.
3	My wife booked us rooms at the MGM Grand because they where advertising the latest, most up to date rooms. I would rather have stayed someplace that had a better atmosphere. This was my first time in Vegas. We went to Vegas for a combined celebration of my wife's birthday and a belated Honeymoon. When we arrived, the girl checking us in said she could give us an upgrade in the room, but the room we had reserved had all the latest technology. Flat screen TV, Blu Ray, ETC.. the room she would move us into didn't have any of that. I didn't care, we took the upgrade. I didn't come to Vegas to watch TV, and to be honest I never turned it on. The room was nice enough; I didn't plan on spending a lot of time in the room, just change clothes and sleep. I will say the huge king sized bed we had was very comfortable! Plus it had free WIFI. The shower was weird. I'm not a tall man, but I could not stand under the shower head. My wife is 5'4 and even she had issues with the height of the shower head location. It could have stood to be about a foot higher. Other than that, the bathroom was nice enough in the room. So why the low rating? The rest of the resort. This place is huge. After we checked in, we went to our room, unpacked, changed and went to hit the strip! We wanted to get onto Las Vegas Blvd... there where no signs or directions on how to get there. I walked around the casino, hotel, resort, going in circles when I finally found the concierge desk, I was annoyed, but I tried to make a joke of it by making fun of myself, I actually asked the concierge, "How do I get out of this hotel?!" They gave me a map and directions for me to get onto Las Vegas Blvd. After that I really didn't have too many problems, I was able to find my way in and out. This was another thing I didn't like After walking down the strip, especially at the end of the night, you are relieved to get to the hotel, only to have to walk what seems like a mile through crowds to get to the elevator bank. I didn't care for the atmosphere of the casino itself. It seems so stuffy and pretentious. I don't know, maybe I've seen too many movies, but it's not at all how I pictured a casino would look in Vegas. The staff was friendly when you could find one. A lot of times they would come around and ask if we wanted drinks only for us to never see them again. Or we would be playing for long periods of time before someone would ask if wanted a drink. And what is with all of the kids?! There were a ton of kids there. Who the heck brings kids to Vegas? I'm sorry, it only takes about a minute of walking up and down the strip to realize Vegas isn't exactly "family friendly". I'm not holding that against the hotel, it just has been bothering me. We had pre-paid for our rooms when we booked them, and then where surprised with an $18 (we booked and paid before they raised it, so we got the price at the time we booked) a night resort fee... and then they charged tax on top of it. Sure the $80 dollars is not going to break us, but still... that is like 3 drinks on the strip! The lion habitat was pretty neat. I did get some good pictures up close of that. I appreciated the helpfulness of the hotel staff, but honestly the next time we go to Vegas I want to stay someplace more my style.
3	This is a huge hotel and we knew what we we're getting into.  After we had a map, it wasn't too hard to get around but this seems typical of most large hotel/casinos on The Strip.   Our room was clean and our non-smoking room did not smell like smoke.  Our water pressure was just fine.  We had a  very comfortable bed.  Yep, no flat screen but we didn't watch much TV and it didn't bother us at all.  Service was nice and friendly with most encounters we had.  We did not use the pool. Planned on it but each time we got back to our room I could not fathom walking all that way back downstairs.   KA was fabulous. The only complaint I had is that there is nowhere to sit that is not a "paid" seat.  The only place to sit at in this hotel  is at the slots,restaurant, buffet, bar, at a show, etc.  My husband did not notice it until I pointed it out to him.  There are no benches or public seating area anywhere in this hotel that is not in an area where you are required or expected to give the MGM Grand money.  No benches or seating area in the lobby where everyone had to stand or sit on the floor waiting to check in or out.  I started noticing it in the mall/retail areas.  I wanted to shop but my feet hurt and I wanted to rest a bit.  My only option was to sit on the floor or find a restaurant to sit at.  I therefore, decided not to shop.  Overall, we probably will not stay here again, not because of the rooms or service....but if we could have rested a bit between the long walks instead of heading back up to our room every time..it would have been a much more pleasant stay.
1	Had a late check in and instead of the room that I booked, we were put in an "upgraded" room which was a downgrade in my opinion. As if this weren't enough reason to be irritated, the carpets and walls were thrashed and had looked like they had never been cleaned. Complained but no one cared. Will never stay at MGM again. Plenty of other great hotels in Vegas.
5	Ahh, my second home.I personally love the MGM. I usually stay here when I travel to Vegas. Lets start with the beginning.Every time I come to the MGM they welcome you to their hotel like you're home. They make the drive in so worth it. They always offer to help with my bags, but I don't take the help. The customer service at the front desk is irreplaceable. They are very helpful and nice. They've even upgraded me a couple of times!The rooms are really nice and clean. The beds are super comfortable and the sheets and comforter are really soft and clean.The bathrooms are nice and big, perfect size. The casino itself is really cool. There is a main bar which is in the middle of the casino, then a more vintage-ey bar in the front, by the front desk and then we call it the "circle" bar in the back... I think its called centrifuge. My favorite bar is centrifuge, but really all three bars are good.The casino itself is usually pretty happenin. The craps tables are really fun to watch (i dont know how to play) and the blackjack and texas tables are fun as well. Don't feel dumb if you don't really know how to play, the dealers will help you. The food at the MGM is also very tasty. I've never had a bad meal there.I know some people gave the MGM one star because they took their children there, or because their air conditioner wasn't working properly etc etc. and I totally understand how that can damper a trip, especially if it starts out bad.  But literally every time I've been to the MGM, I've had a superb experience. :) ahh, writing this review makes me want to go RIGHT NOW!!! :)Go, you won't regret it!
5	Largest Hotel in the world is pretty awesome. The buffett isn't all that great, but the Lion viewing section is sweet, great casino, great lobby, great service. the place is massive. Be sure to check out Fat Tuesday's down in the lower shops. This was my first trip to Las Vegas and MGM made it all amazing. Wet Republic is a great party to for the party goers during the day. Tabu's nightclub is fun too. Location is right in the heart of strip, wow we had fun.
1	Here is the reason for the one star rating... The West Wing Tower rooms are terrible! I was given a room with a view of the tour bus parking lot which we could hear all night. I was right across from some pipes that were making noise about every hour. The chair and bed both had paint on them from what looks to be a sloppy repainting job on the ceiling. The bathroom shower area was filthy with soap scum and also leaked when the shower was on. There was also no ironing board provided which made me late to my dinner reservation because I had to have one brought to me. I went down to the lobby to ask for another room of any kind, even offered to pay more to upgrade myself but was told that they couldn't do anything and that I'd have to wait until tomorrow morning and then hopefully they could move me. No effort was made to make me happy. No discount and no comp of any kind. Not even a 2-for-1 breakfast! Very Poor Customer Service. I will not be returning to the MGM Grand. If you go, avoid the West Wing rooms at all costs.
4	Had a very enjoyable stay.  Do not eat in the buffet.Rooms were nice and the staff very friendly and helpful.Prepare to do a lot of walking.  The halls are very long.If you have an iPhone - there is a good app. available.
4	The MGM is situated right on the strip. It is HUGE. The MGM has one of the biggest casino floor on the strip and the place feels a bit like a mall. There are shops situated in the hotel and the restaurants are top notch. Foodies take note: they Have Tom Collichio, Michael Mina, and other notable chefs, type restaurants in the hotel. I hear that Michael Mina's is one of the best restaurants on the strip.The hotel also features Wet Republic and Cirque du Soleil. Other entertainment features include CSI: The Experience.I loved walking around this hotel. It's really big! And the lobby is cool.
5	overall not bad only $150 per night. Cant beat that!!!
3	Stayed 7/28 through 7/30.  The annoying - I think I've mentioned before that my husband must have coffee in the morning.  Well, no coffeepot in the room.  Is this a recent trend?  This is particularly annoying in the fact that you have to haul yourself through a casino to get to the food court to get a cup of coffee in the morning.  The lazy river is a meat market.  People just standing around with drinks in their hand clogging up the river.  People, it's a river, there's current, you're meant to float along.  If you want to pick up a stranger or stand around w/a drink in your hand, go to the adult swimming pool.  I'm just saying if you want to hook up, as long as you're floating, that's fine.  The good - there were no bed bugs.  I was a little worried.  (call me paranoid).  The beds were comfortable.  The room did not smell like smoke.  I got a good deal, room with tix (but there was almost a huge fiasco there)  Tell you about it later.My daughter loved the lazy river.  Now, they say you can't bring in outside flotation devices, but it does not seem to be strictly enforced.  I mean, really, when you run out of tubes and they say you can go buy one and use it, how are they to know where you bought your flotation device, really.   Or they say, people usually abandon them and if you see one floating or an empty one just use it.  So we got a freebie w/out having to pay $16 for rental fee. I asked a guy who didn't seem to be using his.  There seemed to be a lot of hoarding of inner tubes.The excellent - KA is really good.  Amazing.  This show feels like it's in 4-d with the actors/acrobats wandering through the audience and the stage revolving in 360 degrees, it seemed to me.The food - There is a food court, so there are some lower-priced food options for breakfast and stuff.  The breakfast/brunch buffet on Sat is pretty decent.  They have casino roast( prime rib-ish) and ham and also shrimp.  The bagels are as hard as a rock.  Even toasting does not help.  They have really good no sugar desserts.  Now I am not a fan of the no-sugar.  I hate that disgusting after taste.  But these were so pretty, that I had to try them.  They were really good w/out aftertaste and so cute.  We went in before 9 a.m. so we got the early bird discount.  $19.99 instead of $24,99.  I wanted to do one buffet before we left town.The ugly - So I mentioned that I got the room with Ka tix.  I do not know why, but I was never able to get a e-mailed confirmation for my room w/Ka tix.  I seriously called three times.  When I made the reservations thru their hotel reservation line, the lady gave me Section A seating.  Whoo-hoo.  These are supposedly $100+ tix.  So I really wanted that e-mail confirmation bec. I did not want to get screwed and find out that, oh, no, we made a mistake and there are no tix or we're going to have to charge you for those tix or whatever.Well, arrive, check, you can pick up tix at concierge.  Okay.  Pick up tix at concierge.  Oh, wait, we have to charge these tix to your room.  When you check out, you'll be comped. (warning bells are ringing in my head)  Go to show (see above. )Next day, check out.  You betcha.  Oh, the reservation person should have given you section C seating.  That package is only for Section C seating.  let me talk to my manager.  Oh, we can reimburse you $100, and you're have to eat the rest.  Me: Oh, no.  I called several times to make sure this scenario that we are enacting would not happen.  Them:  Well, we're front desk, we have no control over what they told you.  I don't have any access to any notes they may have kept in their system.Me:  Let's call them and find out.   Call reservation, on hold for ten minutes.  (I tell the people behind me, you should find another line to check out bec. this is going to take a while.)  Finally get ahold of reservation.  Hey, you said these tix would be free with 2-night stay. Reservation:  Your letter says only one guest.Me:  So what?  I asked for two tickets. You reserved two tickets.  You gave me two tix.Reservation:  What happened when you checked in, did they say anything at the front desk?Me:  NO.  What would they say?  It's obvious I'm more than a single guest.  I got a room w/ two queen beds and got two tix and bought one extra tix.  It's fairly obvious that I'm not here by myself.Well, it's too late to make this post short, but I think it was time for the lady at the front desk to go off.  I had obviously made it clear that I did not feel it was my mistake and they said they would take the charge off.  The squeaky wheel gets oiled.If worse came to worse, I would have taken the $100 reimbursement and paid the difference.  The show was worth it, but it's the damn principal.  I had called them on three separate occasions to get the confirmed info, and they dropped the ball.
1	I had not been to the MGM since they had the amusement park. I have to say I never want to go there again. What a circus. I went to a concert at the MGM Grand Areana, but you have to go thru the entire place to get there. I know casinos are loud and crowded, but this seemed way over the top crowded and noisy. Kids all over the place. When did this become ok? People walking thru the casino in their swimwear with no coverups and no shoes. All I kept thinking was if these fools step on glass and get hurt they will be the first to sue. Is this the new casino attire? A huge manaic on a scooter going very fast almost knocking folks over. Then I see this manaic at the concert sans scooter, funny he was walking fine then. Where are the people in charge of this asylum? Perhaps hiding? I do not care what show or restaurant is there, this was the last time for me. I had just come from dinner at Mandaly Bay and it was the exact opposite of this, people had clothes and shoes on imagine that.
5	I think the MGM Grand doesn't get enough love from reviewers. The place is classic. Actually, if there was a half button, i'd give them 4 1/2 stars. They're a bit outdated in my opinion. From the furniture to the appliances. I haven't seen such an old TV in 5 years. Come on MGM, replace them. O and the fridge is way too tiny to fit ANYTHING.Now for the good stuff. It wasn't even Memorial Day or Labor Day but Vegas was super packed. One bed was going for $250 and up per night if you're looking for a place on the strip. With rates like that, its great if you know someone, and know someone we did. Ended up getting the Marquee Suite which are those rooms at the very end of the hallway with double doors. YEP!! 3 girls in a 1500 sq ft suite. What a waste dont you think? The view was fabulous, and so was the place. Wall to wall windows, with a lovely living room dining room and bar separating the two master bedrooms. But move away from the big stuff, and its the little things that make the biggest difference. Marble tops, robes, sandals, 2 beautiful bathrooms with a spa tub. We used those bathrooms to death. Im sure housekeeping freaked out seeing the mess a couple of girls are capable of. Catch a showing of KA, look at some LIONS, stop by the pool with their LAZY RIVER or go to WET REPUBLIC, shop, eat, gamble. They may be outdated but the fact that they do boast some of the best shows as well as parties should be something. I'm inclined to say I am a bit biased, been coming here since I was just a wee tike with the fam and got nothing but good memories back then too.Another little hiccup, the day we were checking out turned out to be a bit of a b*tch since a thousand other guests were leaving as well. Called for a bellhop who never showed. Whatever, their loss on tips anyway.
1	My boyfriend and I stayed here at the end of July and unfortunately the trip was tainted from the moment we checked it. Since we are both on a bit of a budget we shopped around for the best rates/promos we could find. It came down to Treasure Island or the MGM. We settled on the MGM because we had not stayed there before and the rates (with promo) were reasonable. Upon check-in, we were asked for our airline ID and informed that the promo was for airline employees only. Now this was never mentioned at any point in the promo or on the MGM website when we booked. The staff informed us that they could not honor the promotion and would have to charge us the regular rates. Needless to say we were shocked. I told them it wasn't our fault that the hotel wasn't able to manage their own promotions. The clerk then proceeded to tell me to calm down or he would call security. At this point I walked away. After several minutes of the manager explaining the situation to my boyfriend, she "graciously" offered to honor two nights at the promo rate but told him they would have to charge us full value for the second night, AT A COST OF $450. That's more than the entire trip was supposed to cost. In the end they finally agreed to give us the room at a slightly higher rate than what was booked. And that they had upgraded us to a strip view room (strip view meaning the back of the hotel with a slight view of the corner of the strip) to compensate for the misunderstanding.With the check-in ordeal out of the way we made our way up to the room. The room was large and clean but slightly outdated. The first thing we noticed was that even though we had a non-smoking room, on a non-smoking floor, it was filled the smell of marijuana coming in from the adjoining room. We had to sleep with a towel at the base of the door just to sleep at night. Yes, we know that Vegas is a party town... but go smoke on the smoking floor.As for cleanliness, it took housekeeping two days to finally clean our room and bring us fresh towels, after 6 hours of exhausting walking we were shocked to find our room wasn't cleaned by 4pm. Maybe it took a while to clean up the pot room next door. Another shocking find in the room was that the shower would flood the bathroom every time it was used. And by flood I don't mean a little bit of water. The entire floor would be covered with water. We had to use some of our towels to mop up the water.As for the rest of the hotel, it was nice and clean although quite large and confusing in comparison to some of the others on the strip. We ended up walking in circles trying to get out. We are quite disappointed in the way the trip went because Vegas has special meaning for us and we were hoping for a nice getaway. Unfortunately, the MGM saw to it that that was not the case. In the end, we both agree that we will never stay here again.
2	I honestly wasnt impressed with this hotel, I've seen a lot better and its always very crowded everywhere you go! The service is good, we got lost once and they were very helpful in helping us get to where we needed to be.
3	I've stayed at the MGM Grand a number of times over the years. The first time, I was just excited that I was staying there (my family always stayed at the cheap places). To me, this place was totally nice, but that was before I stayed at other resorts in the same price range.The regular rooms are dated and don't feel completely clean. The TV is really  old. For some reason this bothers me. The bathroom was clean, but the shower-head was not the best. The bed is not the worst bed, but also not the best.If you stay in the West Tower, it will not live up to the hype. Very modern looking, but the layout is strange. The bathroom really affords you no privacy - not exactly sexy if you know what I mean. The bed feels cheap in these rooms. Also, our shower, which was glass all around, was leaky, so a lot our towels went toward keeping the floors dry.The MGM has a lot of great offers, so we usually get good rates. We also love the location, particularly because the monorail station is a quick walk from the rooms. We love that they have so many restaurants, etc., so you don't have to leave to eat if you don't feel like it. All in all, the place is massive, so it can be a vacation unto itself. Not the best resort, but far from the worst. Would give it another star, but the rooms are not holding up well and the housekeeping still leaves something to be desired.
1	I stayed at MGM June 21st through the 24th for business trip. When we pulled up in the car, not one person came to help with the bags. Next, when I got to my room on the 10th floor, I noticed a large 'gross' red stain on the carpet, bedding, and bed skirt. I called the desk and was told I would just have to wait for housekeeping to clean it due to the hotel was 'booked up'. I didn't like that answer but figured I had no choice. Waited for 45 min or so and not one person came to clean up the nasty mess. I found a maid in the hall, asked her to come to my room to see if she could help me with a problem. I showed her the stains & she told me she knew of the stains but thought someone else had cleaned it up. I asked her why could the hotel rent the room knowing it was not ready and was gross. She did not answer, left and I did not see her again. I waited a little longer whereas my employer called the desk. I was then moved from the 10th floor to the 20th floor which is a smoking floor. I don't smoke nor do I tolerate it well. But...i figured if there were not gross bloody looking stains on the bedding... i was better off. The new room was stale smelling, smokey and had cig burns all over it. I am very very disappointed with the appearance and service of the MGM. Four years ago, it was a premier hotel.... now it's more of a dive.
4	Maybe I'm not high maintenance? I don't know....I just don't get all the bad reviews. Room was fine, bars were great, what else?Was here for work, so didn't get a chance to do much....Was here for a convention so i spent most of my time in the arena, which was HUGGGEE, the ballroom and some of the conference rooms.Besides the seminars, I slept for 3 hrs a night and went bar hopping in the casino....I like MGM.
3	Considering the price and prestige of the hotel, I was a little disappointed of my stay here. This is one of the hugest hotels I have ever stayed. The ground floor level and lobby is huge. Of course, there are casinos there for the folks that like to get their gambling on. The food court was a little unimpressive. It has a Nathan's, a McDonalds, and  a few other places that I can't remember off the top of my head. Plenty of attractions and there are even some clothing stores to get a little shopping on. There are a couple of studios there where you can screen TV shows. There is a place there called CSI: The Experience but I haven't had the opportunity to see what it is like. There are at least a dozen bars located in the hotel itself. The Centrifuge Bar is where I dranked and the drinks were mixed just right. The prices wasn't too bad there either.The rooms were okay, if slightly dated. They still have CRT television sets like it's still the 1990s. The rooms were well-ventilated and the beds were comfortable albeit a little stiff. The bathrooms were nice and clean, although it did take a while for the water in the shower to warm up, even at the full hot setting. And there is no free internet nor Wi-Fi in the rooms; you'll have to pay extra.All in all I may return to this hotel when I come back to Las Vegas next year. The good outweigh the bad overall.
3	Location is great, restaurants are great. The rooms are dated, and the remodeled ones are kind of weird. Lets just say there is no privacy when you go to the pooper, echos like a motha.
3	I stayed at the MGM Grand for 1 night last Sunday. We had a standard room with 2 beds (they claim they're queens, but they are more like doubles). It was pretty small and in need of an update, but it was clean. The TV was the old-fashioned, non-flat screen kind.  The beds were super comfortable and the pillows were the best I've ever had. They seemed like overstuffed down pillows. I'd like to find out what they are and buy some for my bed at home!The pool area was very nice, if crowded. We particularly enjoyed the lazy river.  This hotel seems to attract mostly people in their 20's bent on drinking and having a good time.Full review at http://marga.voxpublica.org/2011/08/mgm-grand-hotel-casino-las-vegas-review/
2	Oh man. What happened to this hotel? I remember years ago when it first opened it was the shizz, now it's nothing. The main attraction here would probably be the lion habitat, which of course is cool unless the lions are sleeping because then you're looking at two big cats cuddling with each other. I've had the chance to see them during feeding time. They throw the meat onto the glass so that the lions walk around and eat. You get to see their teeth and everything. The hotel rooms are nothing fancy, unless you stay at the Sky Loft, which I haven't. I recently saw an ad for it and it seems very swanky, but out of everyone's budget.DON'T BOTHER GOING TO THE BUFFET HERE.We went, expecting it to be amazing, and it was simple-- nothing special. Kinda like a Hometown Buffet, but a little better. Trust me. Just. Don't. Waste. Your. Money. Here.Gambling here is cool though. I like their table selections. Dealers are very nice and have personality. I hate it when the dealers don't bother interacting with the table. It makes gambling boring.
5	Stayed in 2010. Was in town for the Alicia Keys concert at the MGM Arena. The hotel was clean, quiet, great restaurants, and it was very easy to get back to my room after the show.
4	For the price I paid, I would say that yes, MGM is good. I liked the restaurants, I liked the lions, and I liked the lobby, the casino, and the fact that Fat Tuesday was in the building.The service was okay. A little bit cold, but at least it was fast and got us on our way. All we wanted to do was get to our rooms and get settled in anyways!Now the room we got to was interesting. We got one of the West Wing rooms, and we found out that the best way to get there was though the West Wing Bar. Take the normal elevators, and if you got a West Wing room expect a long walk. It was the trippiest moment in my life, I kid you not. I thought that there was a mirror at the end of the hallway, but nope, it was actually another couple walking towards us! Seriously, the hallway was so long I couldn't believe it. Good thing we found the west wing elevators.The room left a very big impression. Yes, it is small. Very small. The first thing you see is the sink in your bathroom. Overall though, very comfortable room. The bathroom is clean, the shower actually drains properly, the water heats up fast, and the bed is comfortable and not scratchy. I actually slept very well during my stay, which is not typical! The pillows were to die for. I wish I took one home with me. The only complaint I had is that the walls are super thin. I constantly felt jumpy because every time someone opened or closed the door, I thought they were entering our room. Oh, and that the bathroom counter was too small. I'm a young, vain woman, and I needed my counter space. There wasn't enough space for me to lay out my makeup! I did enjoy being able to watch TV while doing it though. Nothing like watching Family Guy while doing your eyeliner.
3	This place is definitely a classic.  A fairly well run casino and hotel, lots of great shows.  But the rooms definitely need an update.  I was half expecting Sinatra to pop in at any moment.
4	went on vacation here with my 2 friends and mom a few months ago! LOVED IT! Great service. It is not like those other glitzy Vegas hotels, but it works. Great customer service and the studio cafe is great. Some place I would definitely check out again...but first, I need to visit the Bellagio :-)
1	WORST STAY IN VEGAS! I would call myself and experienced Vegas Visitor since I come here about once every month, and I gotta say this is one of the worst Hotels here together with the Harrahs Hotel. I paid $170 for one night, for a basic room. The room does't look comparable to other Vegas rooms, it looks just like any Best Western Hotel. The TV is older than I am, and I can't even just take a shower cause it is clogged. I mean really??? I called the technicians and after waiting 20 minutes, I called the front desk explaining them the problem and that I am in a hurry since I have a dinner appointment. The lady just says hold on a moment and transfers me back to the technician department. That's really great service. If you want an advice, DO NOT STAY HERE if you can afford better. I rather pay $30 more for an amazing (basic) room at Vdara or even Flamingo instead of this crappy place here.
5	Angel at the front desk made my trip. She was so helpful and friendly. She went out of her way to go above and beyond.
4	I love Vegas!! =) That's all.
4	Casino Floor review only.We went to see KA here and then puttered around for a few hours after, so I have nothing to report on the rooms. But a few things did strike me enough to write up a 4-star for the ol' MGM Grand. This place is HUGE. Like, get lost as hell huge. Rows and rows and rows of slot machines, a crapton of table games and just people milling around EVERYWHERE. The vibe here was really energetic and fun, and it was just a Tuesday night, so nothing special was going on  (I don't think.)BUMMED I missed the Lion Habitat. We meant to go back the next day but ended up heading to Old Vegas and then we never made it back. That's totally on my list of to-dos for next time. Two Words: Blackjack Switch. New favorite game EVER (see my review of Casino Royale for the full-on love affair)! They also had $5 minimum video blackjack, (real blackjack with a virtual dealer, not the video poker kind) which was kind of strange, but for $5 a pop, a good way to kill some time if you're tired of slots. It seemed like the entertainment here we pretty great. We saw KA (separate review) and then they have the Lion Habitat, David Copperfield (although I think that's a limited engagement), and a ton of yummy-looking restaurants. I think there were some other exhibits as well.Great way to kill a couple hours without spending a ton of money on huge table limits.
5	What makes a hotel great for me when staying in Las Vegas is not wanting to leave the hotel to hang out at other places. The MGM Grand fits into that category for me. We hardly left the hotel during our stay, and I regretted it when we did. There is so much to do, see, and eat here that I was not all that inclined to leave. The highlight of the MGM is the pool area (my pool review: http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-pool-at-mgm-las-vegas#hrid:e3wToUSl1KBb3iVrgJCMcQ). I also liked the buffet and most of the various other food options. My gripes about the MGM is that the iron in the room sucked, and the self-parking lot is a bit difficult to get to. However they do offer free valet parking. I also did not like eating at Craftsteak, which is their upscale steakhouse (my Craftsteak review: http://www.yelp.com/biz/craftsteak-las-vegas#hrid:UpAxMxpkXW5_sIXlT7yhTw). Besides a few minor details, I have had the best experiences at the MGM compared to the other hotels I have been to on the strip. The next time that I am looking for a place to stay in Las Vegas, the first place I will look into is the MGM Grand.
4	I'd go back. The room was nice, the location awesome, and for the price it hit the spot. I shared a room with 3 other people, and it didn't feel insanely cramped as it easily could have.However, two major problems:1. The toilet kept clogging (maybe 4 people in one room was too much?)2. Every day at least twice the maids would knock and want to get in, despite the "Do Not Disturb" sign being out. What the hell?
1	My 1st and last time staying at MGM. This was the worst hotel I've ever stayed at in Vegas. I'm glad I decided to hop hotels this vacation or I would've been miserable the whole time. First, upon checking in, the pretentious desk clerk was rude right from the start, with his nose high-in-the-sky the whole time. He assigns me my room after I told him it was my first time staying here and he gave me keys without pointing me in the right direction. The rooms are so far away from everything. So after about an hour of trying to find my room, I finally find the general hallway and it's disgusting! He put me in the west wing which is totally gross! I put up with it since it was only for one night and at a great rate. The halls look like skid row. The walls and carpets are very dark, gloomy, and have funky smells.When I walk into my room, it is worst. Again it's very dark and gloomy, even with every light on. The entire room is smaller than your standard hotel room, the bathroom is terrible for getting ready in (if you're a girl), and at about 3am I found cockroaches!! IIICK! I ended up switching rooms but same scenario in the new room. Once again, the desk clerks could care less.The only plus of staying in the West Wing at MGM is that you can get the hell out of there.The pools were ok; the lazy river was small, nothing like Casino Morongo's in San Bernardino. Wet Republic was cool but you still had to pay a cover even if you're a guest at MGM. LAME. Hard Rock doesn't make you pay a cover if you go to Rehab. The limits on the gambling floor were also pretty high so I didn't gamble here as much.This was the first and last time I'll ever stay at MGM. It blows.
3	**There is a resort fee.. 20 a night. Includes a daily paper, access to the gym and internet**My brother wanted to go to Vegas this weekend for his birthday, so I made it happen.  Called Casino Marketing to book a room. Got a great rate.. So that was the easy part. Parking:Parking is not too bad, but just know that you have to go to the street level (from where ever you park) and then take the escalator up to the main level (where check -in and all of the other action is)Check-In: (arrival 11:30pm, lines and wait were not that long)I have stayed here about  a hundred times (I come to Vegas often) and by far, this was the worse check-in service. The guy barely said hello and welcomed us to the resort. He took my ID, CC and Players Card, left it on the desk and walked away for 10 minutes and went to the back room. No "I'll be right back, one moment please or anything."When he get's back, the clerk looks at my players card (see's that I'm a gold member) and then gives better service. Apologizes for the delay.. Says there was a "system error" and then proceeds with the rest of my check-in. There was no interaction nor eye contact. (I still have to call my/a Casino Host about this)The only thing I felt good about was the room that he assigned to us. Double beds, high floor and a prime view of the strip. Room:MGM's tower deluxe rooms are simple but yet comfortable at the same time. Comfortable beds, great pressure on the showerhead, approx 450 square feet, comes with a 27 inch tv (which they are in the process of upgrading from what I hear), business desk and a lounge chair. One cool feature about their rooms is that there is a ledge that you can sit and stare off into the strip while enjoying a drink of your choice. Pools:Amazing!! And tons of them! A lazy river, few Olympic sized pools and Wet Republic for the Adults.Casino:The Casino is huge. Any game you want they pretty much have. For us Baccarat players, they took Baccarat off of the floor about a year or so ago and made all Baccarat play get played from the Salon.  :) Tons of Blackjack tables with all different minimums and millions of slot machines. The sportsbook was pretty cool too. Just one of the smaller sportsbooks that I have been to.Bars/Lounge Areas:Writing in a separate review..  (Look for Centrifuge)Overall, I enjoyed my experience (minus the check-in service). Three stars this time. But should have plenty of updates were MGM Grand Hotel gets 5 stars from me. I am easy to please when it comes to hotel service.. Trust me!
3	My favorite Vegas casino.  Loose slots, active and attentive cocktail waitresses.  Absolute gangs of fun.  Would have got four stars but, really, folks, it's COMPLETELY inappropriate to keep those lions in that enclosure.  Maybe I'm wrong and they take them for walks in the desert or something.  I hope so.
3	I go to Vegas often and I have stayed in a variety of hotels. I have stayed here twice and the rooms are just OK. The higher price is more for the location and convenience of staying on the strip. Next time I will stay off strip and save some money... a nice place but just not worth the extra money when you can stay someplace else for  better price.
2	I was super excited about staying here. our honeymoon was going to be awesome we got a suit and.... let me tell you i dont think i will be coming back! never in my life has some random person opened my hotel room! I mean i havent stayed any many hotels but if small ones are more careful then this place it says alot. it was like 8 am on a tuesday that someone knocking on our room woke me up. since no one answered obviously me and my husband were asleep the guy that by the way did not work there opened our room!!! a stranger had the key to our room my husband got up and went after him to see if it was an employee and he wasnt he was wearing street clothes. and when he went down to complain all they did was change our room key! what if i would of been in the room alone! never again MGM. i had an awesome time but that was just not right. i loved your pool and your customer service but i doubt that we will be back.
5	Another great stay at the MGM.  Stayed in one of the Celeb Suites and it was a super nice room.  The place was mobbed on the weekends and the pool was really fun.  Folks, would you bring your little kids to a drunken frat party?  No?  Then don't bring them to Vegas - just a thought.
4	While not the most upscale hotel I've stayed in, MGM still managed to nail all the important things I look for. First, they have lions. Only joking, but they do make for some amusing late night companions while stumbling back into the hotel. As for the key components, the rooms were clean (and housekeeping did a great job every day), spacious and comfortable. Bathrooms were huge - enough for the three girls in my room to all do makeup/hair/girl talk at once. We did wish there was another full length mirror outside of the bathroom. Also, the shower head was super low. It boggles the mind when I see this in hotels, and when you're a tall drink of water like myself, you notice it more often than not. I'll never stop complaining about it. What the shower lacked, the bed made up for big time. I must have said it at least ten times throughout my three night stay: I loved the bed. It was like sleeping on a cushy cloud, only with down pillows and blankets everywhere. I don't think I've ever slept in a more comfortable bed. And I slept like a dream every single night, despite my nagging cold. One of the best parts about MGM Grand is the pool area. There are three huge pools to choose from (including a lazy river), towel service and other necessary amenities. A bar and quick order walk-up restaurant are conveniently located and there was rarely a long line. The cocktail menu even features four "skinny cocktails" under 100 calories each. I became addicted to the Drunken Palmer as I happily tanned myself on a chaise. I didn't know what to expect going into our stay at MGM, especially with all the newer, posher hotels on the strip. But it turned out to be an affordable, comfy headquarters for our bachelorette party of seven. And the location was perfect. I'd absolutely stay there again.
2	Well, I do have fond memories of this hotel from 16 years ago but this trip was the reality check that it has aged in the "not so gracefully" way.  It is tired and smokey and just filled with drunk 20-somethings.  We did not stay here this trip, we came in to go to dinner at a restaurant there.  The restaurants were dead.  I felt bad for them.
4	The casino area is nice and the lion exhibit is great, with the bonus of being completely free. I don't know if the statistics will back this up but our experience is that the slots here are some of the loosest on the strip. The parking garage is easy to get into and out of and this is a great place to park if you want to spend some time on the lower half of the strip. There are pedestrian bridges from the casino to cross both Tropicana and Las Vegas Blvd. The shopping area in the hotel has a good selection of stores spanning all price ranges.
4	I have stayed at MGM 3 times now. This past trip we took the kids. The Lazy River is always a favorite for the whole family! My young children couldn't get enough of the Rainforest Cafe. The restaurants are good, love the atmosphere and the rooms are clean and comfortable. We'll stay there again...
3	Everytime I go to Vegas we stay at different hotels just so we can try them out and find the right hotel. MGM was pretty nice but the room we had which was the Celebrity Spa Suite had outdated furniture.I still had a good time. This casino is huge! Lots of places to visit and the monorail is in this casino as well. Food court and all. So pretty much everything you need is in this hotel. Tabu Lounge, Studio 54 and much more.
5	This is a very beautiful hotel and they offer free valet parking.  It's always a pleasure to walk around the place and feel the ambiance.  There is a 24/7 Starbucks and bar.  Their Lion exhibit closes early though.  I would stay away from their buffet, it's overpriced and not worth it.
4	One of the older hotels on the strip but damn, when you're looking at that golden lion out on the strip when you're definitely on one, it's really trippy hahahaOther than that, my girls and I came here for infamous Wet Republic :)
3	Spacious rooms, however a bit out dated furniture. Mid-range price point. Stayed at the MGM because I had an event to attend in the hotel, but I'll prefer other accommodations next time. From a designer's prospective, and as a hospitality professional, they need to polish their amenities, and amp up their aesthetics.
2	I am going to review both the Hotel itself and the gaming establishment.First the hotel:Tube televisions...really? Granted, I did not go to Las Vegas to watch T.V., but seeing a tube television in the "Deluxe" room really through me off. The beds were actually pretty comfortable, but the shower was really bad. It took me about 5 minutes each morning to get hot water, and the shower head is really short! I mean, I'm 5'2" and it was short for me. My brother is 6'3" and he could barely take a shower. That's just a little obnoxious. The other really bad thing about the hotel are the doors. There is a large gap between the bottom of the door and the floor, which lets you hear EVERYTHING! Yes the beds were comfortable, but being able to hear every single step outside and having to listen to the drunk people make their way back to their room at 2 in the morning made me a very grumpy person when I had to go to my business conference. I have stayed in several hotels on the strip over the past few years, and I must say that this was the worst experience I have ever had!Plus, I did not have a dollar to tip the bell hop to store my bags when the hotel would not let me check out late (even after playing 12 hours of blackjack during my stay), I was going to tip him when I picked up my bags after I grabbed some cash, but he was so rude to me for not giving him a tip I decided not to. Yes, I'm sorry I didn't have a $1 right there, but come on!Onto the gaming:The only reason that I did not give this hotel a 1 star was for their blackjack rules. It was refreshing to see a establishment offer 3 to 2 odds on blackjack at $10 tables. Now...onto the bad. I usually play $25, two deck tables in CA. MGM had 6 deck $25 tables and 6 deck $10 tables...what benefit would I have to be forced to play $25 a hand versus $10??? I found out later, they only give you comps if you play on the $25 tables...wtf? I played for 12 hours (yes, that's not even exaggerating....I asked the "MLife" club) and all I earned was $9.91 in comps. Maybe I'm spoiled at Barona in CA, but if I play over 8 hours there on a $5 table no less, I would earn a free night in there hotel (at minimum, I would at least get dinner). I think it's disgusting how poorly they comp their players. One guy who was sitting next to me for a few hours on Thursday was playing $40 a hand and they would not even comp him the cigarettes he asked for. I'm not a smoker, but I still think they should have given the guy something. But sure enough, even the pit bosses agreed that the casino just doesn't comp for playing at the $10 tables. She actually told me I would be better off playing slots! I had one dealer pretty much tell me the casino was broke, so that's why the comps suck now. Wish I would have known that before I put 12 hours of play in at the MGM grand hotel.Not only will I never go back here to stay again, but I am sure I will never play at this casino again either until they fix their comps. Poor form MGM Grand!Oh, and before I forget, beware the $22 fee PER DAY they charge you to use the internet, phones, and to have access to the cardio room (in theory you get a newspaper too). Not that I used ANY of that (I already pay $30 a month for internet access on my Ipad and I have a freaking Cell Phone!). You do not get the option to not have the resort fee...they just tack it on at the end. So, you pretty much have to add $22 a night to whatever price you get for your room.
3	This is the first hotel I saw in Vegas. Very nice lobby, however not much to do here. The staff is friendly, though, which goes a long way.
4	I belong to an organization that holds one of their two annual conferences at the MGM Grand every fall.  I generally try to save a few bucks and stay off site but, thought I'd give the MGM a try this year. I wasn't disappointed.  With over 5,000 room, this place is enormous!  It is spotlessly clean and the rooms are good sized and very nicely decorated.  Each and every staff member I encountered was friendly and helpful. The service is top notch. There aren't many hotels with offerings so numerous that it's practically an entire vacation under one roof. With such a wide variety of things to do and see at the MGM Grand, don't be the least bit surprised if it takes more than one visit to experience it all. I know there are parts of the hotel I missed.  While large, the hotel is pretty well organized and easy to find your way around.The pool area is pretty amazing. The lobby bar is a great spot to people watch, especially later at night.  Drinks aren't cheap but, nothing is in Vegas The choice of restaurants is varied.  From high end (think $200 or so for one) to McDonald's at the food court.  Self and valet parking is free. Be sure to take advantage of the airport check in and beat the line at the hotel. They will also check your bags for you upon departure for a nominal fee. The only negative comment I have is that the wireless Internet service (which you pay for in your resort fee) is as bad as I've experienced at any hotel.  When traveling for business, this is important to me and the MGM fails badly here.Rates vary dramatically depending on the day of the week, time of the year or current promotion so, it pays to shop around.  I've stayed at a number of hotels in Vegas and would place the MGM near the top of my list on a price vs. value scale.
3	My husband and I and a few friends booked rooms here for this past Labor Day weekend to Celebrate my Bday. It was the first time for all of us staying here so we didn't know what to expect about the rooms. When my sister and I reserved our rooms we both got a Bungalow Suite which at the time was only like 30 buckz more than a regular room, cool deal. So upon our arrival to MGM the lady at the front tells us she will upgrade us for FREE to a Celebrity Suite, I was like wow cool deal. I was so happy to see my room. As we get on the elevators and get to our floor we have to walk down this long hallway and way at the the end are the two golden doors side by side and those were the doors to our room. I was like wow fancy huh...lol. Well upon opening our door I wasnt so blown back like I thought I was gonna be. I mean the room was huge the bathroom was huge n nice too it had to doors you can enter from one from the living room and one from our bedroom. OMG the bed was hella comfy it was so hard to get up in the AM. We had a Living room and a eating area, a fridge and a sink. It was coo.Now the only reason why I gave this just 3 stars is because everything in the room was out dated. The furniture was old the decor was old. It looked like a room from a scene from the movie Casino like back n the days hella mobsters did hella coke on the living room round table lol. I Mean other than the Non-Updated decor and furniture the stay was nice. But I Still think ARIA is the best.
3	Stayed here for a weekend for the first time and was surprised how kept up this place is. The lobby is real spacious, nice and conveniently close to the elevators.We stayed in a standard room and overall it was nice. The bed is really comfortable and the pillows are very soft and fluffy.The restroom is large enough. Double sinks! Unfortunately besides for the body mirror in the restroom there isn't a body mirror in the room itself. The water pressure for the shower is pretty good too.Ooh the rooms doesn't come with a mini refrigerator, but you can rent one for a charge daily fee.The people working the storage lockers are really nice or just the day I used it.
2	Lobby is very nice.  Casino is decent.. nothing special.  And the rooms are crappy.  The first time i stayed here I wasn't impressed with the room.  just a place to lay down at night.. nothing more.  The second time I stayed here.  The room was even dingier then then I remembered.  There was no view. The Air vent was loud and the room had a very bad smell too it... needless to say we prepaid for this room and ended up staying at a different hotel.  Oh yea and the shower was terrible... i Like a strong shower but this was ridiculous.  spitting out water.. unable to control it...   and the shower head is VERY low... if your over 5'8" you will probably have to hunch down to get under it.  if not your head will be pressed up against it.   I don't think i need to say more.  small bubble TV... everything outdated....
4	The MGM Grand is a beautiful Hotel & Casino. I've stayed here a couple times and gambled here a handful of times. I've always been pleased with the experience. The Las Vegas Strip is inundated with first-class hotels and casinos, but this one still remains a favorite of mine.The only thing that holds me back from giving them a full 5-star rating is the room rates. They're significantly higher than many of the other hotels nearby. Given, MGM does seem to be just a little bit nicer in decor, I don't think it justifies such a dramatic hike in room rate.That aside, I have can't find anything to complain about. They have just about every game or slot you can imagine, the buffet is good, their "Centrifuge Bar" is a lot of fun, and the service is very good. Don't forget to check out the Lion Habitat as well.The basic rooms are adequate in size. Not huge, but spacious enough. Plumbing issues (slow drains or weak water preassure) and sometimes being able to hear your next door neighbors "getting it on" might be the only issues I've come across. But I find this to be the case with all hotels I've stayed at in Vegas. So I accept this to be the "norm". Personally, I spend very little time sleeping while I'm in Vegas so the rooms don't bear a lot of weight in my review.Just being in Las Vegas is awesome and I look forward to my next visit to MGM Grand (whenever I can afford it).
1	Worst stay in Vegas......don't waste your time at MGM. The only plus side is the pool, though we bought 2 bottled waters 10 feet from the pool entrance for $10 and were told we couldn't bring them in.  Why weren't we told that when we bought them in our swimsuits?Prepare to get nickel and dimed the entire time you are here. We requested a wine opener and 2 wine glasses  to be delivered to our room and were told the fee would be $7 for the opener, $2 a glass, and $4 for delivery.....ridiculous! The staff was rude and horrible to deal with. Long lines everywhere, the front desk and concierge was always a 20 minute wait and on top of it unpleasant to deal with.Spend an extra $20 a night to stay at a hotel that treats their guests right, I will never return to MGM and refused to gamble or spend any money in the hotel while we were here.
4	This was the first time that I have stayed at the Grand and I was surprised. The service was top notch from the moment we arrived. When we pulled up to the valet, he welcomed us and told us to take as long as we needed "since we are now on vacation." Most of the times these car monkeys spend longer holding their hand out for a tip then they do talking to you. Check in had long lines but after spending about three minutes in the line, a service agent with a handheld "ipad" device checked me in. WOW I'm in my room in less then 15 mins and ready to gamble. Too my surprise all the bars, including their main bar, had .25 video blackjack and the free drinks started flowing at .25 a hand. No attitude just smiles. Since I was with my child, I took an upgrade to a much larger room so I'm biased regarding the room quality. Our room was spacious, clean and fabulous. I really like Wynn and NY NY but I would definitely come back.
2	I booked a 4 night stay here for my 1 year anniversary with my husband, on vegas.com. We picked this hotel because of the rate. When we got to the hotel, we were notified about a $22 daily maintenance fee. For what you might ask? Well, pretty much nothing.  There is no provided drinkable water and no small refrigerator. My shower turned into a bath. There is not exhaust fan, so after you took a shower, the whole room felt damp.The hotel was beautiful, but I rather spend my money in Cancun. Nothing stood out about this hotel. Don't waste your money here.
1	I have not stayed at MGM.  Stayed at Signature for I heart radio music festival- we only slept at Signature and were at MGM all weekend, so my reviews are strictly for everything EXCEPT the rooms.  1. Pool- We floated the lazy river.  My husband and I are twenty somethings and expected a "normal"  (adult) vegas pool.  The lazy river  felt identical to a KIDS WATER PARK.  They shuffle you through like cattle (kids), and send you on your way.  The only restaurant at the lazy river is kiddie park style... you wait in a line of metal aisles, place your order at the window and wait for your number.  The "pool bar" is the same way.  Next come the pool lockers!  I'll admit, they were very handy when you get to the river and realize, "why did I bring my purse, I'm floating a river and won't be in the pool right next to my belongings that I can keep an eye on all day".  Thank God for the lockers.  They are in broad daylight- not in the back of some wet room, so they were in great view of everyone and I trusted no one would break in.  Next come the TUBES!  Tube rental to float the river was a ridiculous $16.00/each.  I will say there was AMPLE seating- no one wants to hunt for a layout chair or place to eat!  Especially when you're walking around in wedge heels and a bikini trying to suck in and look good.  Lots of seating (+)!  The river itself is pretty narrow.  This wouldn't be a problem if 3/4 of the crowd weren't using it as a pool and parked on the sides.  We just bumped into everyone, but we didn't care.  What we did care about were the kids.... I've never seen so many kids at a Vegas pool in my life... with their mom... on an apparent girls weekend and didn't care if her 7 year old intentionally kicked and splashed everyone.  Bummer :(.  Babies in floats coming by you, kids diving for rings... I. Am. Not. Kidding.  In Vegas in September, I expect to spent majority of my time at the pool, and I will definitely not be back to this one.  PROS:1.Poolside drink service was AWESOME!! They have servers all over and get your drinks quickly.2. You can drink in the pool!! Some hotels these days (ahem, ARIA!) won't even let you get 2 feet near the pool with a drink.  They provided clear plastic cups and we were set.  CONS1. Kids :(2. Felt like we were at disney world, but I guess MGM never claimed to be a high end luxory hotel3. Someone pooped in the pool... or vomitted...r so we heard- first came the life guards yelling, then came everyone rushing out of the pool, which was closed for the rest of the day.  Is it weird that this is not the first time I've witnessed this in Vegas??2. Shopping-Do not expect to find anything nicer than Forever 21 clothes in MGM.  Cheap glitter dresses and plastic heels are about all you'll find.  Oh and Ed Hardy hats :)3. Sports Book- we were in the sports book are for about 4 hours watching football.  Seating is a 4 on my scale, it was packed, you had to fight for a seat.  Cocktail servers were BEYOND terrible- that's why we ended up leaving.  $2,000 bet and you get 2 free drink tickets.  Not right if you ask me, but that's the rules.  SO here we are PAYING for drinks, and the service was awful. End of story.3. Restaurants- MGM's only saving grace!!  PLENTY of dining options and they are all beautiful appointed.  We ate a Craftsteak which is awesome.  Also, dine at Diego which is HIGHLY underrated! The best Tex-Mex i've ever had. Really wish we could have tried out Shibuya sushi!Point being- I will only revisit MGM for a meal.
1	Skip this hotel.  Arrived to what I thougth was a spa room, except it was a smoking room.  What part of spa evokes smoking.  When I tried to move, they said they were sold out.  The operator offered me a 50 food credit which was something but really, a smoking room.  They did finally move me the next day but I'm still fried about the whole thing.  I found an actual cig lighter under the bed.  gross.  I will not be staying at this hotel again.
3	Rooms were pretty average, bathrooms were nice, clean and spacious. I was luckily enough to get an early check in about 12:15 which was nice. The food court was horrible!!! For being such a big hotel/casino i would have thought of something better and bigger...very below average choosing. The location of the hotel is good, towards the south end of the strip.Pros:Casino is always jumpinThey have REAL lions!!Smells good throughout the casino
4	A perfect place for 20-somethings to stay and have a good time! No this isn't the Bellagio but hey you didn't pay for the Bellagio either! It is located fairly centrally. A 10 minute walk to Luxor, 20 min walk to Bellagio, grab a cab/RTC bus/ Monorail for Palazzo on down. You will do a lot of walking. That being said it is connected via bridge to NYNY and I believe Tropicana (we saw a walkway but didn't actually use so I could be wrong here).The rooms are fine- nothing spectacular and maid service was not consistent. One day our maid would come at 4pm the next 9 am ...so I didn't love that. For the price it is a value and is certainly clean. The beds were very comfortable. The place itself is absolutely huge. Overall I thought the hotel was in very nice condition with the exception of an extremely outdated entrance. Other than that the pools were beautiful and brand new and I couldn't complain at all. Dining options are great and span very high-end Michelin Star earning Joel Robuchon all the way down to good ol' Micky D's (and yes they have the dollar menu). We ate at Wolfgang Pucks which I thought was one of the better Italian options I had on the trip. We also ate at Shabuya which has above average sushi but is a bit pricy so be prepared to drop a bit of cash there. I liked Tom Colicchio's wichcraft for a nice lunch that isn't terribly overpriced in my opinion. They also have decent pizza that is open late night. We tried their Buffet at lunch and that was pretty decent as well.  Nightlife was fun, especially if you are a girl - we were able to drink for free at both Studio 54 and Tabu. Studio 54 was a MUCH older crowd the night we were there so we didn't love that one as much but free is free. My only real issue was with the concierge service. First let me say that attractiveness is not a requirement for me in this dept. I just need someone to KNOW what they are talking about. While she was beautiful she had no idea about the bus routes which is a pretty important thing to know for her job. Once we asked her to look around for a brochure she happily opened it for us and pointed at a few things. Overall I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel for my age group (20s)  and would happily stay again!
5	I completely  loved this Hotel my and my bf went to Vegas for our 5 year anniversary. We stayed in the MGM grand hotel it was an awesome experience.It was so huge than what I was expecting and much better than the pics I've seen.Upon arrival from the airport shuttle (Which drops you off right in front of the entrance) We walk in and there is a big front desk to check in. They were pretty quick about checking us in we had a hard time finding the elevator up to our room because, it is a big overwhelming if you are not use to it plus it was our first time.We finally asked one of the casino floor people where the west wing elevators were, We were directed over to them we walked through this long hallway then finally there were the elevators. We go up to our floor and the elevator talks lol.. Something else I was not use too.. We exited onto our floor.The room was absolutely awesome, Everywhere had mirrors, the furniture was so modern and nice. the mirrors were actually closets as well you push in the mirror and out it pops to open. It was pretty neat.Also there was a tiny window which over looked the vegas strip, which I thought was so neat.Bed oh so comfy ! feathered pillows!..Once we dropped off our bags we went back downstairs to see what we could get into. The casino floor is pretty packed at night of course, If you sit at a machine long enough you will eventually get asked if you want a drink.. Good luck however I had a hard time getting a drink.They have so much in One hotel it's insane, A place to see shows like "K'A" which was also amazing ! I highly recommend. Also restaurants everywhere, shops, food court of course like three starbucks that I saw. So much to do here Rainforest caf'e was awesome as well.The location overall was so great to just be able to have access to the strip and NYNY hotel as well. I will most defiantly come back
3	Nice hotel, very comfortable beds one of the best showers. Room felt a bit cluttered. Hated the glass doors for the toilet as it slammed closed each time I was too intoxicated to remember to baby it. Safe didn't work in the room, and the staff that worked for tips was great, the rest didn't seem to care. For this I will go pros and cons...Pros: Trendy, modern rooms. Pricing was good. Hotel appears clean, and casino doesn't smell of cigarettes. Lion habitat was fun, and has monorail at the hotel.Cons: Food court is far, and poor offering of choices. Elevators are positioned way away from rooms, and we had to walk far to and from the elevator. Smaller, cluttered room. Buffet charged my friend's card 9 times and it took 4 days to get it back. Staff seems unorganized, check in people were lined up, and a couple bypassed the line and they helped them anyway.All in all I have to try another hotel next time. I once stayed at Emerial Palace though, and MGM is bounds better than them and many others.
2	Stayed at the MGM Thursday-Saturday, the 6th-8th of October 2011. I have mixed feelings on our stay here so here's my breakdown:Pros:- Decent price up front.- Close to the airport.- Maid service always did a great job.- Employees were helpful checking in and out.- Multiple GORGEOUS pools with many bars outside.- Loved having the huge variety of restaurants available in the hotel, from McDonald's to Craftsteak, multiple Starbucks and everything in between. Cons:- Had to pay a mandatory fee per day when checking in for, Wi-fi, phone calls, and a newspaper to delivered to your door daily (which we NEVER received). - Had a TV in our bathroom area, it did not work.- Had a leak from our shower in to the bathroom area.- Ironing board was broken.Is the MGM great as a whole? Yes. Was our specific room great? No... I was pretty disappointed in our stay here with the few problems we had. Did it inhibit us from having an amazing time? No, but being on vacation I'd hope to have everything go smoothly and error free.
1	I didn't even get to stay at this hotel, thanks to their deceptive business practices and the idiots they employ at customer service. A day after booking a package that included two free show tickets, I called--confused by a website they linked to in an email I received--and was informed that every day of my package was a "blackout date," which is why I couldn't book any tickets. Huh? I picked the dates on the calendar popup ON THEIR WEBSITE where it said "check availability" and paid for a "winter entertainment package," then got a confirmation email saying to go pick out my show tickets.  After over an hour on the phone with probably six different people basically explaining how outrageous the whole situation was, they finally found tickets for me somehow and confirmed me for a date and time with seat numbers. I received a confirmation number and thought everything was fine. But then the next day they called me and said sorry, those ticket didn't exist, the confirmation number didn't confirm anything, and sorry that we wasted over an hour of your time yesterday but there's nothing we can do for you. Give me a fucking break. Cancelled my reservation, and now don't plan on seeing any show associated with them. I'd recommend you do the same.
4	Stayed 3 nights and had a blast! Hotel is huge and has everything you could ever want. MGM Garden Arena is a great place to see a concert and enjoyed Journey, Foreigner and Night Ranger. West wing hallways are a little dark, but the rooms were great and clean. Look forward to coming back soon!
1	Door was nearly impossible to open, key card never worked on the first try, light was broken in the room.
4	Stayed at many hotels in Vegas and will list pros and cons here. Most of my stays have been for conferences where I stayed at the venue, but some stays are for pleasure and weekends with friends.Pros:You can check in at the airport! This is a HUGE pro on a busy day. Bypass the front desk and go right to your room upon arrival. They will call your cell when it is ready if you are too early.Location is close to everything.Great pools and lazy river. It's loud on the weekends though. Lots of dining options. Studio 54 is pretty cool, good crowd, great music.My impression of the staff is good, they seem to be very friendly and accommodating.It's not the Ritz-Carlton. Knowing that, you will enjoy this place, even more after the remodel. Free wifi (but you pay for it in the resort fee). So that's really a con.Cons:The resort fee. It's $22 but includes wifi. Shouldn't have to pay that. Don't underestimate how much $8 beer and $15 cocktails can add up!Go to Walgreens or ABC Stores down the street to stock up.Rooms are needing a refresh, especially the grand tower rooms. The remodel process has apparently started in Fall '11.Long walks everywhere. Ask for a room by the elevator. Plan 15-20 min from your room to the conference center.Cab lines can be long in the evenings, especially during an event.
3	This is a tough one because for just mere convenience and things to do, you can't beat this place: it has lions, a casino, a first class concert venue,  its a monorail stop, etc, etc. I stayed here for the first time Sept 2011 to attend the Sade concert (WORD!). We were in the tower. First off, this is a BUSY hotel and not quiet or private. It's Grand central station. But even though its crazy busy, I have to give their front desk staff a lot of respect and they are out there in the line, filtering and guiding people to open clerks. So they definitely have their crowd control down. My main complaint is that the rooms are "old". Not in the sense that you're looking at a pastel flowers bed spread or a Nagel picture, but old in the sense that it was built over 10 years ago (which is like 40 in Vegas years) before more advanced insulation and noise reducing concrete walls were standard. So you can hear your neighbors upstairs, downstairs, outside. Unfortunately for me, I overheard a domestic dispute at 3am. Fortunately for me, I couldn't tell which room it was coming from! Up? Down? Left? Right? We went to the West Wing Bar and went through that part of the hotel. I spied inside one of the rooms as it was open being cleaned. And yes that room is super new but its also super small! If I was there just to drink/gamble and wasn't going to use that room for other than a sh*t and a shower, then it'd be a serious option.Either way, the only way I'd stay at this hotel again is if there's a big concert or event going down. But truth be told I'd probably stay at the back property, The Signature, instead. It's hella far away but close to the MGM Grand Arena anyway. Our friends were staying there and its what you'd expect of the MGM.  My recap:Pros:-This resort has everything. You really don't need to leave-The Grand Arena/special events/concerts-Great deals mid week. Definitely these rooms are worth it at $44/night-Great service from front desk staff and hotel staff-Of course the lion habitat.Cons:-Really busy; all the time, -Not the newest hotel rooms; noisy and not very private
4	We had a wonderful stay at MGM Grand. The hotel is a little big and you can get lost easy, but all the hotels are big.  The bed was so comfortable it made the hotel great... The showers do get backed up, but not a huge deal... Overall he had a wonderful stay. I loved that you can check into your hotel at the airport.... Definitely would stay here again
3	Hotel: I was underwhelmed by the hotel aspect of MGM Grand. I feel that the price was excessive, especially considering the "resort fee" which is just a way for them to advertise a lower price than you'll actually pay. Broken shower controls meant I was taking lukewarm showers my entire trip and the video checkout didn't work. Relatively minor inconveniences seem a lot worse when you consider how much you pay for them. Especially since I've stayed at other hotels in Vegas that are cheaper and nicer. Casino: The best thing about the MGM Grand Casino is they have a quarter-operated mechanical horse racing game that's one of the last few in existence. Even the "old vegas" casinos have largely phased out anything mechanical in favor of computer chips that require a lot less maintenance (and sadly it seems like many are also trying to replace real live dealers with computers as well, but that's a different story). Playing this mechanical horsie game is a lot of fun, and a treat since you know you may be one of the last people to ever play it. Craps is my game, but I found the craps dealers to be somewhat brusque and not nearly as much fun as the dealers I've encountered downtown at The Four Queens or Fitzgeralds. My friend was repeatedly admonished for the way he put his chips down, I incurred the wrath of a dealer for taking an extra second before shooting to make sure everyone had their bets in. Overall the atmosphere was much less fun than what I'm used to. Tipping the dealers did not seem to improve their mood. Other: We didn't really eat, drink, or do anything else at the MGM. Overall: I have more fun staying and playing downtown than I do on the strip. While MGM is probably a great place for lots of folks, it really isn't my type of place. And yeah, the lukewarm shower thing still bugs me.
4	It is grand.  Best part is all the things that the teens can do.  Lots of pools, arcade and then they can run across to NY, NY and do the roller coaster.
4	Average priced but if you book wayyy in advance for the pre-season Kings game like I do, its a great hotel.  Nothing beats rolling out of your prepartying minutes before and going straight into the game or meeting up with friends.Regular room: Great for 2 beds, bathroom has a lock and its spacious enough that 2-3 ppl can throw their stuff around and not step on each other's toes.  No fridge one time & the other time had a weighted fridge that charges you if you move anything more than 2 secs.  :(Regular Suite:  King bed w/ lots of room around to move.  Gigantic tub that you can swim in and a spacious bathroom to boot.  The living room is great for having a group of ppl over to preparty but the couches aren't comfy enough to crash on.  Comes with a mini fridge that is empty and you can put drinks in.  Yeah!West Wing Reg room: Nice layout, very modern and chic.  Fits a king bed but its not as spacious as their regular rooms.  There is no bathroom lock...just frosted glass on the shower / toilet.  Great for couples or single folks, not so much if you don't know the ones you're sharing the room with.  No fridge.If anything goes amuck, be sure to square your customer service issues IN PERSON.  I emailed and they said they would help me out on a room but never got back to me.  When you're part of a company that owns more than half the casinos on the strip, dealing with 1 irrate customer is not a big deal.  Do it in person...and you'll get it taken care of.
4	Heard some pretty awful stuff about this hotel before booking, but I can't say enough about how awesome it actually was!  We received a King room on the 12th floor of the West Wing, which is the newer side of the hotel.  We had an updated bathroom, flat screen television and a great view of the strip.  The hotel is perfectly located so you can visit the south and north end of the strip pretty quickly.  There's a monorail stop located in the hotel so you can get around if you're dressed up and don't want to walk in heels / drive.  :)  Aside from the typical slots, there are great food and entertainment options including one Cirque Du Soleil show, Ka, located in the building, so you don't have to travel far to have a great time.  Finally, the service we received was excellent, the staff always friendly and there was complimentary extended check-out, free boarding pass print out kiosks and baggage holding if you have a later flight and want to explore the city more before you leave.  All in all, a great experience for the price and the location.  Definitely will consider staying here again for future visits.
4	My husband and I stayed at MGM grand for our honeymoon. Living in Cape Cod and getting married in Boston, we needed a fun, big change for our honeymoon and this was the spot!! :)MGM grand is beautiful and massive. Their restaurants, casino, LIONS, and entertainment (KA!!! and David Copperfield) are extensive to the point where you wouldn't have to leave your hotel.The four stars are due to location. It is a great hotel, but a BIT far from mid-strip (such as Bellagio etc). The hotel rooms were clean and when we asked for an upgrade, they helped us in finding a room that suited our needs! It was a wonderful honeymoon and everyone was very helpful. Prices were great there and made our honeymoon both fun and affordable (for Vegas!)The pool was massive! Beautiful, and grand. Their jacuzzi hot tubs are nice and warm as well! Their spa is $25/day if you want to lounge around plus extra if you would like a massage. I decided to get the Travelers massage, which was shorter than most, but a wonderful choice for myself! My husband just took the day pass and had a blast in the jacuzzi and spa.We dined at Diego, which I will write a separate review for...(but it is 5 stars!) and shopped at Paradiso. Pricey, but fun things for Vegas.Our gambling was probably less than $100 total, as we are NOT gamblers, but the establishment was fun and would be great for someone who is a gambler. Definitely recommend this hotel!
4	Stayed here for a get-away weekend.The check-in experience was very good.We checked in at the airport which was very nice.No lines!Booked a Bungalow King suite for $110/night.Nice over sized room but with a view of the 4th floor roof top.Slots were very plentiful, clean and relatively good drinks were served.We had drinks at Rouge, dinner at Emeril's, massages at the Spa and saw KA in the Cirque Theater..All experiences we very good.Everything was well done.  The entire facility was busy but there were never long lines.4 Stars!
4	Best beds I've ever slept in on the Vegas strip!The hotel is older, the clubs are not as happening, the atmosphere is dark, and the layout is a little confusing, but I would say this is a solid three star hotel. The beds just made it a little bit better even though the rooms are a little boring. The location is pretty much at the end of the strip so that might be a negative for people who walk everywhere. It is probably the best hotel at that end next to Mandalay. After those hotels, you start seeing open land and old casinos.
4	Two words folks. Breakfast. Buffet. Amazing array of fantastic food ranging from fresh 3 egg omelets to sushi and fruit, low prices and great service. The Lion Cub experience is a cute experience and the hotel normally attracts some pretty high profile musicians and entertainers. Casino is pretty standard and the same can be said of the rooms. Very Nice but pretty standard when compared to The Venetian and The Bellagio.
1	This place is awful...horrible cheap 1990 rooms, bad food and dingy environment. Stay away!
4	Very comfy beds, cool photos on walls, great art deco carpet, Nathan's hotdogs, lion cubs friendly staff. Worst thing is drink prices in food court and cost in toiletries shop.
4	I've been here for KA and NobHill Tavern... I haven't stayed here it I came here to eat and watch a how. It was a good experience. Easy to park but that parking structure... You can get lost easily!
3	staff is very friendly, helpful, and cheery. everyone says hi in passing.we stayed in the grand tower which was fairly large for vegas (standard size) and clean. we heard the new remodeled west wing ones were much smaller and the windows are extremely small, like the size of the headboard. quick check in and out. no coffee maker in the room :( which i desperately needed to wake up in time to check out. and the shampoo/conditioner squeeze bottles are a pain! i spent 5 min in the shower just trying to squeeze the contents out of one bottle.compared to the other hotel casinos on the strip, it was lacking the WOW factor of vegas. yes, they have a lion habitat and a golden lion in the front and in the lobby but there was nothing else. i did appreciate the golden sun/stars on the ceiling but it lacked the detail and pazzaz i expected.
2	Wow! What a difference a day makes. The first day I checked in at the MGM they gave me the group rate of $199. Not too bad for a Tuesday night in November. But then when I wanted to extend my stay 1 night, Wednesday night, they wanted $835. What!?!? That's right, $835. The check-in person said it's basic supply and demand, MGM is short on rooms - the price goes up. Let me be the first to say that $199 is a lot for what you get at the MGM, but bearable. However, $299, $399 or more is just ridiculous and $835 is insane. The rooms look like they're from the mid-80's and the amenities suck. There is no mini bar in the room.  The clock radio looks like the $9 special from Target. There's no way to hook up your iPod to anything to play your music.  The mirror in the bathroom is showing it's age with water damage to the bottom corners.  The shower / tub grout is grey from use. There is only 1 power port on the desk to charge your portable electronics and the TV is the kind your grandma has. No, not a flat screen, it's a 27" color box TV. On the positive side, the room is clean, the tile on the bathroom floor looks like marble and the AC works great - but that's were it ends. There are signs all over the hotel saying they are going thru a remodel, but I didn't see any work being done. You may want to pass on staying here until they remodel their hotel rooms.
3	MGM is like one of the classics of the strip.  I remember coming to Vegas as a kid and amazed by the grandeur and greeness of  MGM.  To me it was the creme de la creme of hotels back in the day.  While it doesn't have the wow factor like Bellagio or Cosmo now, it seems to be one of the hotels you always cruise through for a photo op with the gold lion, boxing matches, cirque de soleil KA, and the lions habitat.  I've also checked out Crazy Horse Paris here, which was decent. See my review ;-)  Otherwise, like others have said, the hotel is pretty standard with its casinos and restaurants.Though I've only stayed in the deluxe rooms and queen bungalow suites. These rooms smelled either old and moldy or like stale cigarettes.  Even though I requested non smoking rooms.   I don't know why these rooms are still going for over 200 a night.  These are worth more like mid 100s, bc they're kinda old.  I heard the remodeled west wing rooms are better.  So I recommend getting those or even those fancy shmancy sky lofts if you stay at the MGM.   I will say the lazy river and Wet Republic is a-mazing.  Def. check this out if you are staying here or even if you're not!
3	The MGM is a nice hotel and resort property - a great place to start if you're beginning your exploration of the nicer resorts and hotels in Vegas.  It's actually one of the better mid-level properties despite some minor frustrations you might encounter.  You will get a nice comfortable room on a property where something is always happening, but with year-round specials at the premier resorts, I'd explore options before making a decision.Pros:Nice room, clean and comfortableEvents and attractionsCocktail waitressesPool areaCons:Inefficient check-in systemUnsympathetic floor managerMy last MGM experience began with a sour taste, but once I got past the horribly inefficient check-in, I settled down and enjoyed some of the amenities on the property.  It would be an understatement to call the registration process chaotic - they really need to create a system that doesn't stress out the folks waiting in line.  To make things worse, the floor manager was unsympathetic and totally useless.  When they couldn't find my reservation, she told me to go to the pay-internet station and search for the reservation, myself.  She did everything to avoid offering any customer service, and did everything to redirect the blame onto me.  If a person waits in the registration line for 30-45 minutes, the least you can offer is fake sympathy.  After being unable to retrieve the reservation, she "offered" me the walkup non-discounted rate...not even the internet rate or any manager's special.  The rooms are actually nice: large enough, comfortable, clean - comparable to a nice Marriott or a simpler version of the regular guest rooms at the Bellagio.  The Pool area is large and provides multiple ways to enjoy the water and plenty of spaces to layout under the sun - I'm a sucker for a lazy river.  The waitresses around the pools ignore people they assume won't be ordering, but they were good about coming by once I started a tab.  I can't speak for all of them, but the cocktail waitresses (casino floor) that served me were some of the best in Vegas - friendly, came by often, remembered drinks, and attractive.  The MGM is a good destination for any Vegas traveler except for those expecting a little more luxury or Vegas pizzazz.  In my opinion, the MGM fits somewhere right below the premier resorts (like the Wynn) and definitely above the likes of the Monte Carlo or Luxor.  Fortunately for Vegas travelers, the premier resorts run specials that bring their price point in line with the MGM's.  Don't forget, the MGM does offer some nice alternatives with the Signature and Skylofts - both offering a better check-in experience and level of service that is missing at the MGM.  If you do end up at the MGM, don't forget to walk around and take in the sites.A very solid Vegas resort with plenty of attractions - if you can handle the initial chaos, you can expect a nice stay.  3.5 stars for the room and property, but 1.5 stars for the service.
3	While it's certainly a nice place to visit (food options are great from the cheap to the mid-range 24 hour Wolfgang Puck to the super pricey Robuchon), staying in the actual hotel was pretty awful. Super thin walls, a sad little bathroom and dirty looking sheets are not okay. The curse of the Vegas 4 star strikes again. The bell guy told me they were planning on renovating the entire hotel and I hope they do. MGM is classic Vegas and deserves more.
3	Got to stay here for the first time ever after being to Vegas many times. The room was nicely decorated and it was pretty spacious. The room was modern and I was please to see many posters hanging on the wall including Patrick Stewart. The reason it was "okay" and not a "fan" was because the outlet in the rooms SUCKED! Anything I plugged in the room would not stay in...I would have to prop something below it so it would stay in. The second was the shower head....how does one really going to be able to shower under that...there was no pressure and any way you want to turn it, it didn't make a difference.PRESSURE IS OFF!
4	It was my first time in Vegas and the MGM was great! The location is perfect and everything was clean and comfy. The service was great. We had some problems with our reservation and the onlinecompany where we booked the hotel but the front desk lady was awesome and handled it all!
1	Simply too much money for what they offer.  The rooms are old and outdated (at least our wing was) Old CRT TVs, old toilets, tubs with problems and generally a lack of anything being nice and new.  (Again, for the money with what you can get elsewhere in Vegas) I didn't know it was so crappy like this at MGM so make sure you know and investigate before.  One positive is the bed was nice and comfy, but again, just too much money for what you get.  I will be staying elsewhere next year.
2	Very disappointed with my recent trip to the MGM.  Our TV was installed in the early 90s and had a hole in the front that you had to stick your finger in to turn the thing on!  Generally, the room was dusty and didn't boast anything to write home about.For the money, this was really a bummer... I won't be back to this hotel.
1	The room was completely out-dated & way over priced. I could have stayed in a much more modern two-room suite for the same price elsewhere. The tv was pathetically old, the shower was made for a midget (I am just over 6 feet tall & it hit my shoulders), and to top it all off they turned the water off on me for a couple of hours one day!They were apparently working on the wing they put me in because there was a lot loud noises all week long. For the inconvenience they offered me 15% off my NEXT stay but rest assured I will not be staying there again. I'd rather stay at Treasure Island or Planet Hollywood Westgate.
3	comfortable room but way-outdated.  They're undergoing renovation - and boy do they need it!
4	I really liked staying here this past weekend.  There was the big fight with Pacquia and Marques and you would think it would be crazy and out of control, but it was actually not bad.  After the fight, people left quickly and in control.  I didn't see any fights, which I expected.  A lot of celebrities were walking through and nothing got out of hand.  The rooms were clean and had the softest beds ever.  I swear, it was like sleeping on a cloud.  The only weird thing was that we were on the 13th floor and usually, there isn't one in a hotel.  Unlucky 13 turned out to be our lucky number.  Won on the tables, won on machines, saw celebrities, had a great time.The tables in the day are around $10 and slowly move up as the day goes on.  Around 2pm, it goes to around $15-25 and around 5pm most table minimums are at least $25.  This is good and bad depending on how much money you want to gamble with.  As I say, bet more win more.  I would stay here again because everything went really smooth and it is close to all of the other hotels on the strip.
3	Well, I would not say "yay I am a fan" but I can say I had a pleasant stay.The staff was friendly and helpful, our room was clean and we had a nice view of the city.CONS: -electrical outlets sucked, some won't work and some other were all loose, things would not stay plugged!!!-TV was pretty old...and by old...I mean OLLLLD!-Main lamp in the room was not even plugged....-What?! No coffee maker!??!?! WTH! even at Motel 6 they have one!-Shower head....terrible..simply terrible...hey MGM!..Costco has really nice ones for 30 dlls!-No fan in the bathroom?...ugh...-One of the pictures of the wall was missing and the other one had a really messed up frame and no glass??!?!Anyways...I am not bitching about it I just think they could improve those things for a more pleasant stay.I would stay there again but ask for a better room.
3	Hotel was great to stay at, service was good (not great) but it took like 20 min to check in.  I think if they refined that service they would have a lot more people staying there.  I'd already pre-payed for the room 2 months ago.  Get my cc on file and put me along my way.  You don't need to keep me infront of a computer for 20 min. (I timed it 19:36)
4	Those lions are wayyyyyyyy cute and I have to say those guys who baby(lion?)sit those beautiful animals are really brave. They played with those lions like they are just big innocent and non dangerous cats.MGM's casino is hugeeeeeeeeeeee and we got lost when we tried to get out of it. I love the Greyhound simulation betting game. $5 will last you a while and sometimes I even won few dollars. The cocktail waitress was super nice and we got delicious Shirley Temples. One thing that kinda a bummer about this place, you can't get out from the casino unless you are circling this place all over again. I think on my next trip, I'm going to try one of the restaurants here. This is the home of the celebrities chefs. I'm not a big fan of celebrities chefs, but I think it will be fun to do just for the experience. Till next time, MGM.
1	Absolutely horrible service! Half of my vacation was spent speaking to management!! The air is dust and polluted, I asked for a different room and was told no. My reservation was quoted lower than when I got there. WE HAD HAIR in our food from room service!!! And to top it off, 3 of the 5 days- our room was not cleaned by housekeeping. Letters were written and yet have heard nothing back. I was loyal to MGM until this past experience! Horrible!
3	this was once my favorite place to stay on the strip. they casino it's self is so enormous you really never have to leave if you don't want to....i guess that was their point. there are so many restaurants, activities, shows, bars, clubs, casino machines, lions, buffet, pools....you could make it a city on it's own! the rooms are so/so, but who really cares when you're there to do stuff. on the last day of our trip i was so tired i just watched the lions for a long time. it was a nice way to detach from the loud casino noises and smoke. 3 stars for mgm giving horrible offers lately and not helping a sister out when she was so loyal!
3	At eagle's concert
4	This was my favorite casino of the 20 plus we visited on this trip.  The layout was big and not smokey, which for me is a big bonus, as I am allergic.  They have all the games all the slots you want to play, including my new favorite Ghostbusters.  Play it, it sooo fun.  If I were required to stay in this building alone, I would be okay with it, if they let me eat for free at any of the restaurants.  This is the home to Joel Robuchons two restaurants. Joel Robuchon and L'atelier.  Having already picked my fancy meal for the trip at Sage (Aria) I didn't get a chance to eat at either of these restaurants.  My wife said that if I went up $300, that day with gambling we would go the next day, however I didn't hit that total.  Darn penny slots ;-)  This place also houses some pretty good dance clubs, Tabu,  and other restaurants that like I said, if I were stuck staying at one place for say a month, this might be the place I would have no problem hanging out.
4	A friend of mine and I stayed here for 2 nights Nov 2011. My experience at this hotel was overall a really good one. When we arrived there was barely a line for check in. I like that this hotel has a single line for each check in agent at the counter. It's not one single line that wraps around the lobby, its multiple lines. Upon checking in the check in agent was very kind and helpful. She answered all our questions and explained all the information we needed to know for checking in. The whole check in process at the counter was under 7 minutes. Which is pretty decent compared to other Hotels in Las Vegas that I have stayed at.Our room was on the 16th floor and faced the New York/Excalibur and Tropicana hotel and street. The view was of just the south strip and also of the casino roof of the MGM. The room was clean. The bathroom was clean. The only issue I have with the room was one of the electrical plugs did not work, which I didn't know until after having my phone plugged into it for an hour and then realizing it wasn't charging.  My friend's only gripe was there was no coffee maker in the room. But other than that the room was nice. It was just a regular room so therefore it wasn't spectacular but it was nice for a Vegas room.  The breakfast buffet was DELICIOUS!! My friend and I are both early birds so we were up early to catch the buffet. It is definitely worth going to.  The Zuri Bar is really nice. It kind of reminds me of a carousel the way it looks from the casino. The only problem about that bar is that the music inside the bar seating area is house music and strange ( at least when we were there, that was the type of music they were playing). Our check out process was simple and quick. We were out of there within 10 mins. It was extremely crowded that day being that there was a Pacquiao fight there that night but we checked out quick. Above all I would recommend this hotel to others, its clean, up to date, friendly staff, close to NYNY, Monte Carlo, and bunch of shopping. It's also less than 10 min ride to and from the airport.
2	I really do not know what the thrill is for this place. It has some decent views but I personally think it is a bit overrated. What  makes matters worse is just outside of this Hotel 2 short guys from El Salvador pass out magazines listed with porn and call girls all day long. I guess all of Vegas is sketchy if you think about it.
1	I recently stayed at the MGM Grand (Nov. 18-20) and it was the worst hotel experience I've had. The room was fine, but I did have some of my items stolen after housekeeping came by. The hotel's Lost and Found department didn't seem to care and told me there was nothing they could do about the situation. I spoke to their head of security and filed a report, but he also didn't seem to care about my stolen items. Never again will I stay at that hotel.
4	We caught the train, road all the way from the Hilton on the monorail, we walked off the rail and down a long path to enter into the MGM near some shops and restaurants.  This early, no is up and the places are still closed, but we are able to look at what's here without feeling crowded.  We like walking the entire casino floor, checking out the restaurants, the menu's and the what shows are available.  This is a big property, seems clean and well kept.
1	The worst hotel check-in experience I have ever incurred. When we booked the room we asked for a celebrity suite with 2 beds and no smoking. We finally got to our room which was a suite with 1 bed that reeked like cigarette smoke. So we called guest services and asked to move into the room we originally booked. They told us they didn't have any two bed suites available. So they sent us down the hall to wait for security to let us into out 2nd room. We waited in the hall with all our bags for 10 minutes.  Upon arrival security let us in to our new room which was 2 beds, no smoking but not a suite. Very small. So we called guest services again and asked to be moved into a 2 bed non smoking suite like originally agreed upon. We waited in the hallway at our new room for 20 minutes. I called downstairs to see what the holdup was and the said they sent a bell hop to pick us up at our old room. Great communication guys. When we finally were let in to our 3rd room which was a 2 bed suite it smelled like someone smoked a carton of cigarette in there 15 minutes before we arrived. On to our 4th room. Glenda from guest services finally got us in the right room after 4 attempts. Her customer service skills were good and she was doing the best she could. The whole ordeal took us about two hours to check in. The  ball was dropped many times. In addition the rooms are very outdated with old cathode ray tube televisions.  You might remember them from before flat screens. Horrible. The beds weren't very comfortable either. Compared to other places in Las Vegas it's old and aged. I will never stay here again.
3	Not impressed with this hotel at all.  I expected much better for the price.  They are apparently going to be renovating some of the rooms soon.  They need to!  For some reason the hotel room just seemed to be outdated. The shower/tub was small.  Oh and they still had old school tv's. No flat screens or LCD's.  The best thing about the room was the bed.  It was quite comfy! The casino, restaurants and everything else at the MGM were nice and clean. Not too sure if I'll stay here again. I'd have to see how it looks after the renovations.
3	I stayed at the MGM grand for a recent conference, and after hearing a coworker state how much she absolutely hated the MGM Grand, I expected the worst. The hotel was booked for the weekend, and I arrived late the night before the conference, so only smoking rooms were available. The smoking room was disgusting and since you can't open windows in Vegas, there was nothing I could do but suffer through the night. I felt awful the next morning. However, I went and checked the next morning, and they had a non-smoking room available, so I was able to switch that day. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. I didn't spend much time in the room, so that's really all I needed. The internet access was reliable and though we did lose water for about 5 hours one day due to the ongoing renovation, we were notified in a timely manner, so it wasn't an issue. The casino floor was great. As a newbie, I didn't feel too intimidated walking around, and the waitresses were quick to take care of us.There were tons of dining options (reviewed separately), access to the Monorail and plenty to do.The conference space was a bit of a pain. It's not really set up for that many attendees (one escalator up and one down for 7000 people with no regular stair options is a bit ridiculous), but the sound and presentation devices were fine. I would stay at the MGM Grand again if I were guaranteed a non-smoking room again, though I may wait until the renovation is complete.
2	There used to be a time when MGM was this great an wonderful place. It was huge. Gambling was fun. Now it's just chugging along and I'm not quite sure it knows where to go. Honestly, the best thing this place has going is the Garden Arena, which still sounds excellent and the all inclusiveness that might appeal to families wanting a day or two away.For me, it just wasn't it. They noted construction going on, but I didn't know how annoying and bad it got until they actually started doing it. Banging, cold water... It was too much. I called and asked for just a late check out so I can sleep a little and they couldn't do it. I should mention that it was on a Monday and the place was FAR from busy. I didn't mind the resort fees. I valeted and used the internet, so it seemed worth it. Though including the cardio room and not the gym seemed rather odd. Now here comes the kicker, after 4 days, I just wanted some nice employee to help me with my bags, instead I got some lousy guy who was pissy that he had to load my bags. He literally threw them into my car. Thank goodness nothing broke, but did he have to be an ass about it? It's his job. He put the cooler I had in the front seat. NOT on the floor. Did he magically think it was going to be seat belted? It's a cooler! Not a person! I even tipped him BEFORE this. I should have done it after and throw pennies at his pressed ass. (Yes, I said that.)Back in the day, MGM was one of my favorite places to go. You would think when the economy is in the shitter, they'd work on some customer service skills.Yeah, no.
2	My girlfriend and I spent three nights at the MGM and had a mixed experience. It took about 45 minutes for them to correct our Priceline reservation. We had paid for two for one buffet, free admission to Studio 54 and two free drinks but they didn't have any record and had to find it (which they did). The person that originally checked us in rushed us out before we had the chance to ask any questions, but the second person we got (after waiting in line again) was great and resolved the issue. We then got two shows, KA and David Copperfield. Both were great shows, KA was the best show I've seen anywhere, ever... and David Copperfield was entertaining (but not to the scale of KA). Our room needed a lot of work. The remotes didn't work, but were replaced after a few hours of waiting. The shower flooded the bathroom and bedroom area (there was no sealer under the curtain) but the front desk was responsive in getting fresh towels up within a few minutes after that happened. The lamp in the room on the desk would constantly spark, sometimes randomly and any time you tapped it. The power in the room caused some power issues with my laptop which appeared like it might be causing random surges (which would also explain the lamp issue). We were not able to get a lamp that did not spark during our stay.  Additionally, the wireless only worked the first day we were there (but no discount on the "resort fee!")Check out was fast, efficient, and painless. Overall, the service was excellent, the rooms were poor, and the shows were great. We'll definitely be back for the entertainment, but will be staying somewhere else in the future.
3	There are so many things that go into a casino hotel. For me, it was a place to crash in Vegas. The price was cheap and the room was clean.I love that parking is free at the hotels along the strip. The MGM grand parking is plentiful and pretty easy to navigate. Unless you park in the garage, you might not know there are a few shops and food places on the lower level. Nothing worth making a special trek down there, but if you want ice cream or breakfast or a souvenir, you can find options there.We happened upon the lion habitat by accident. There were a couple of lions and a lot of people taking pictures. If you've ever been to a zoo, there's not much else to see here.The casino floor is clean and vast. We wanted to play roulette but the only human attended table was a $25 min table. We stood watching a bit and decided to put in a single bet just for fun. As we were taking our money out, the dealer immediately told us that there were cheaper tables on the other side of the casino. She gave us a bit of an attitude so we left to go find the other tables. Sure, there were other roulette tables, but none were open. We wandered back and then returned to the "too expensive" table to place our single bet. We played a bit of blackjack but had to leave since we were just trying to kill an hour before we checked out.I was a little disappointed with the signage for all restaurants/areas. We had to wander through the casino to get to the West Wing exit so we could catch a tour shuttle. Some signs said West Wing and some did not. Totally confusing.We also wanted to try a dessert from one of the restaurants but we didn't want to sit down for it. They do not let you take out or get items delivered to your room. Bummer.The hotel is nice and cost-effective. But there's nothing to make me recommend it over any other hotel I've stayed at on the Strip.
3	Review for casino only:The MGM Grand is huge with enough variety of machines and table games to please almost anyone.  There are several bars throughout and many restaurants.  Despite the huge size, there are no nooks or areas where you can be basically alone unless you go at an off time.  At night, the casino is often quite crowded despite its huge size.  Still, I find the place A-OK.
3	The suites are nice and the lion habitat is cool.
5	Woohoo! As good as it gets!I see no reason to not give 5 stars to the lovely and huge MGM Grand. The only thing people could really complain about is the location because it is so far down on the strip but I came to Vegas prepared to walk my butt off and that's just want I did! MGM has every slot machine you could possibly ask for, a good amount of gaming tables, the most awesome computerized roulette table, and is seriously a large enough casino that you could play at al day. The slots and roulette treated me very well (but not my boyfriend & friends!) so i was very lucky. I won over a thousand in roulette when only starting out with $50 and a good amount on the slots.We ate at a few of the restaurants and the food court (all of which i'll review) and we were always pleased. The room was very nice and plenty large for my boyfriend and I. The bed was comfy and the mirrors in the bathroom were great for getting ready. Our view was not fabulous, we could only see the Tropicana, but still, quite a good room.HOLY MOLEY- I almost forgot about the lions! x33333333Will return again in the near future and will probably never stay at another hotel in da deserttttt.That will be all.
2	The best thing about this place is the amount of steps my pedometer registers when visiting this property. Which, for some, can be considered a curse rather than a blessing. The second best is (or was) the poker room. I'm not sure about that anymore because I haven't played here since before the cowboys came to town and they relocated the poker room to put in a stage area for NFR events. I sincerely hope this is just a temporary adjustment.The first thing I noticed when I walked through the door was the overwhelmingly fragranced air. Not good. It smelled like perfume mania in here. Yuck. After tending to the business at hand I had planned to buy-in for some Texas hold'em and enjoy a meal here. My plans were immediately changed due to the fact that I was light-headed from trying to hold my breath. The smell was that strong. The second thing I notice was the rodeo crowd. There were LOTS of cowboys in proper attire ever ready for a tip of the hat. I headed straight  to the players club as I was here for business not pleasure. After a minimal wait I received great customer service. I was attempting to redeem my Mlife points for show tickets. Even though I didn't get exactly what I wanted the staff was helpful and appeared to do all they could to fulfill my request. Unfortunately, their new players club is not as good as originally advertised as the accumulated points don't travel between MGM properties. Points earned in the MGM poker room can only be redeemed at the MGM, in MGM eateries. They cannot however be redeemed for Lion King tickets at Mandalay Bay.I hope to post an update when/if the conditions improve.
3	I stayed at the MGM Grand west wing for few days.  There was nothing special about it.  As a matter of fact, I don't think I will consider staying there anymore.  At least, I will not stay at the west wing if I do consider it.  It is a long walk from the self parking to the elevators.  This is kind of hard if you are carrying luggage and for older people.  Stay away from the BUFFET.  It is not over priced ($30) for what it offers.  Desert items were good though.
4	This hotel is starting to get on the old side, but the prices are coming down because of it.  It is still my go-to Vegas casino because it has such a great poker room, a solid location, and a great fast deli to get corned beef.  The comfort of the room is probably upper-mid quality of Vegas, as the only important aspects to me are a really comfortable bed and nice bathroom, because you shouldn't be in the room anyway!
3	The MGM has a lot to offer but so do all the other casino's. I don't come to Vegas often but prefer the Palazzo.
4	MGM Grand was really nice, I love the lion touches. I've stayed with family a few times, and I've came in with friends- so I was able to get both sides of Vegas! They definitely have the fun family vibe going on, but still keep it swanky with the nightlife and party themes. Although it is at the far end of the strip.. I still fond it really nice and close to other hotels. On my last trip back in 11/2010, we arrived extra early to take advantage of the day. They are not flexible with check-in, we arrived at 11AM, check in is stern at 3PM. Although it was still easy to leave our bags with the bell desk; we were even given 20 comp drink tickets for the inconvenience. Clean and nice hotel..they have live lions from a local refuge.. they just sleep all day. Within the hotel there is shopping, television show/movie viewings (you can make a quick $100), and the Sony experience to test out 3D televisions and video games.Studio 54, was packed.... with older people. Even though they played decent music- we took advantage to the comp admission for about an hour until we hit the next venue.Playing at their tables, I like the roulette and black jack the best. The dealers were nice. I prefer gambling at Paris hotel instead.All in all, it was a nice hotel. Very clean, and stands up to their ratings, reviews, etc. One of the older hotels, but very reasonable pricing. I recommend to those on a budget in Vegas.
3	Decent hotel, especially for the rate we got. Sometimes the lines get long for cabs, but remember it's also a monorail stop, which is an easy way to get around Vegas.The one creepy thing is that there was a picture of Patrick Stewart staring at where I slept. Freaked me out a little bit.MGM has some amazing food though. Went to Nob Hill and had some of the best fries ever, accompanied by a Dark 'n Stormy.Also visited The Grand Wok and had an amazing cocktail. Was tart and tasty for sure.Breakfast at the Studio Cafe was just what I needed after a long night of drinking and was fairly reasonable.All in all, it's a solid hotel. I do prefer a place like the Hard Rock though.
3	Took my grandparents here for their first Vegas experience. Since it was right before Christmas, everything was even glitzier than normal. The check-in took over 30 minutes. The front desk staff was friendly. The rooms were really nothing special, plain. At least they were clean. The casino is huge and poorly designed. There is never a quick way from point A to point B. I gambled quite frequently butmwas never once offered a free drink. Lame. The lion habitat is nothing special. All, we saw were sleeping lions. I aprreciate that there were a lot of dining options. I like the Rain Forest Cafe bloodies and cheap breakfast in the morning. The sushi place was good too. If you can get a cheap deal on the room, go for it! Otherwise try somewhere else.
1	Never again.  When we first got there we saw dried light poop water splatters all over the toilet... inside and out.  We also saw menstrual blood on the seat and front of the bowl.  Called house keeping to clean and they a one-swipe shitty job.  The disgusting leftovers from the previous users were still there.Save your money and go somewhere else.  I've been to quality inns way cleaner than the MGM.  Ewww.....  totally unacceptable.
5	This review is about the hotel aspect of this establishment not so much the casino or restaurants.I've stayed here more times than I can remember and I've stayed at most other hotels in Vegas as well. I always find good room rates here and I usually get a free upgrade when I check-in. Who doesn't love free upgrades? I know this kid does!My rooms are always clean when I check-in and the maids do quality work on keeping things sparkly and clean. Since I only smoke an occasional cigar I get nonsmoking rooms and they are exactly that. There isn't a trace of smoke smell in them.From the valet, concierge, greeter and bag boy the staff here is efficient and friendly. I've never had a question they couldn't handle and they've always been on top of things. If you're travel ling with children they do have an arcade and something of a kids' zone to keep the little ones entertained.Aside from the hotel I've also made use of their pools and cabanas. In my opinion MGM has one of the nicer cabanas in Vegas. I particularly enjoy the fact the adult cabanas are not located directly adjacent the general swimming pool. A little swim, a lot of sun and a lot of drinks make relaxing easier than you'd think.I highly recommend The MGM Grand as a great hotel to stay at... besides... you're in Vegas. How much time are you going to spend in your room anyways?
4	A great Casino to watch KA, crazy horse paris, and David Copperfield. I used to or the show tickets online before  my trip. Actually, I found good discount tickets sale on the box offices on Las Vegas Blvd. The prices are acceptable and cheaper than the one on ticketmaster.com. Tips: book the tickets once you arrive in Las Vegas. the good shows are gone quick. Also to get the good deal, each ticket is conbined with a food voucher. Do not go to the buffet. low quality good and one hour waiting line.
3	MGM Grand. The hotel with all the big boxing matches and the lion "habitat". It was the first time I stayed here and we found it for a pretty reasonable price. A big heads up when parking in their structure is to remember exactly where you parked. It could get kind of confusing and you may get lost. Checking in was really quick and rooms are pretty spacious. One of the biggest downers was that when we made room reservations online the website said we would have free buffet tickets. When my husband went to check in the girl at the front desk said she had no indication of that special on the system. She stated that if there was something on the confirmation email or if we have proof she could give it to us. I was totally bummed even though my husband screenshot it on his ipad from the website we didn't decide to pursue it. We kind of forgot about it. Still a big let down though.The room was pretty spacious but the television was a little dated. One of the big things I look for in a hotel room is a flat screen and this television was a little old school. The room was fairly clean minus the pillow with "stains" on it. Yes, I know. I have watched all those little news specials about how disgustingly dirty 5 star hotel rooms are and how many stains are on the walls and comforters using a blacklight. The only thing is I didn't have a blacklight and the stains were just there. Mind you it was only the decoration pillow but it was pressed up against the pillows we were supposed to sleep on. I threw it on the side of the room and opted to not have the room service clean so they don't put it back on the bed. Aside from that the bed was amazing and I had the best sleep there on my vacation.The hotel is location is pretty good too especially if you are driving since its more toward the beginning of the strip. There's lots of restaurants and lounges in the hotel that you can choose from but the hotel is currently under some renovation. You can also walk next door to New York New York or to the other nearby hotels. Great thing is that it is located at the beginning of the monorail if you want to blow $15 bucks for an all day pass to use the monorail on the strip. Overall good experience for the price.
3	This place used to be the BUSINESS! Now the rooms aren't so great. I guess their success is their down fall. But I'm sure they have renovated the rooms by now.
5	This place was great! We stayed in a suite for 5 days and it was very nice. All the staff are very friendly and will do almost anything for you. The rooms are big and the bathrooms are really really really nice. The bathroom includes a huge jet tub and lots of counter space. It was also nice to have a kitchen to cook in. The beds were also very comfortable and clean. Housekeeping does a great job of keeping all your things organized and clean everyday. The hotel also has live lions in it and a huge casino!!!! I absolutely  loved my stay at MGM and will definitely stay there again when I go back!!!
4	Attended UFC 141 event here at the MGM Grand. So this review will be primarily the experience in the event center. It looks smaller than what you see on TV when Manny Pacquiao is getting ready for his fight.  :)We had lower level seats which was pretty awesome already.  In general, I think just being at this event was pretty rad.  Their lighting system was spectacular when the fights were announced.  Food was available is you were hungry.  Air circulation was great...especially being in a crowded arena. The only wish:  wish we got to see the lions that lived in there.  :(  I had a stupid allergy attack and left in a hurry.  Boo for allergies.
2	My friends and I decided it would be a good idea to drive to vegas from orange county at 1am 2 weeks before christmas. When we rolled up to the strip we started calling hotels to get a room. The mgm sounded great because it was right on the strip and only $65/night in the middle of the week. So we valeted the car got our stuff and strolled up to the checkin desk. We asked for the BEST room they had available because we were only staying one night and we wanted to go big! The woman at the desk said if we wanted a room we would have to pay for last night and tonight because it was 3am. we were so exhausted we agreed. she also informed us that we would be charged a $40 resort fee. So we were like okay fine! When we got to our room it was a normal room with 2 queen beds on the 5th floor... HAHA that was the best? nooo! so we went back to the desk. We were already a little frustrated. Then on top of that there was absolutely no one in line and we stood there for 10 mins to get the front desk attendants attention was annoying! We finally got into a more desirable room on the 28th floor over looking the strip. After a few hours of sleep we woke up ready to go! As everyone knows its way more fun to pregame to music so we called the front desk for ipod speakers.  They told us it would be $110 to RENT a iHome for 24hours! What a joke! Ive stayed plenty of places on the strip and its always complementary especially if you pay a resort fee!! Mmmmokay so we passed on the iHome. Soon after we realized there was no mini fridge in the room. So we called the front again asking why our room didnt have one.Apparently our room hadn't been remodeled yet. OF FREAKING COURSE NOT! we only asked for the best room right?  So we asked them to bring a mini fridge to our room. ME:          "alllllllright.. thats a going to be an additional $30 to rent a mini fridge. So your telling me the fridge is less then the iHome"MGM:      "...yes."ME:          "mmmh ok!? and your telling me all the other rooms that are up to date get a fridge complementary and we need to pay for one"MGM:       "...yes." ALRIGHT thanks alot mgm...for nothing! Needless to say not a good experience next time me and my friends go to vegas (which we californians do) we will NOT be staying there!
4	My goodness it gets crowded. VERY CROWDED. I haven't stayed in a suite yet, just visited the hotel. I think it's a cool hotel......Loved the turkey wrap I had at the Rainforest Cafe....and I love the lions!
5	First of all this is one of the largest hotels in the world. So if you like to keep to yourself this hotel may not mirror up with you unless you visit their exclusive mansions or lofts. Check in was extrememly fast Which is very important to me. Being such a large hotel they have multiple room types. I suggest asking for one of their newly remodeled rooms. The hotel has every type of restaurant you would want. Literally fast food to 5 star and everything in between. I like sports so i was happy to see a quality sports book. I also like to get a work out in. I found the spa and work out facility to have all i wanted. I could write on but, long story short MGM Grand had everything i need, friendly service, and a good value.
3	The hotel is nice but the service was not . We arrived at 11 pm they didn't have our room that we wanted so they moved us to another that was cheaper then the price we paid and did not give us the difference in price that was $50 a night. The casino is OK other hotels have more tables open at nigh slot machines are OK . Will not stay again to far away form the main STRIP.
1	MGM might have the finest poker room ever with the most charismatic dealers and the best Manager in the business(Mr.Boyd). But, they got a real problem at the rest of the casino and hotel. Last year reservations made a crucial mistake that cost me about $100. I made a reservation for a Saturday, and even told the agent that I wanted the room for SATURDAY and she confirmed the numerical date as well. When I arrived on Saturday, they had no reservation for me. The front desk agent who had a thick Eastern European accent was in a rotten mood due to the guests who she serviced before me being very out-of-line and difficult. She was still steaming when I got to her and she had abandoned all of her customer service and hospitality skills. Eventually, she had found out that the reservation agent had made my reservation for Friday. I insisted that it was mistake and she shouts: "WHY ARE YOU PEOPLE DOING THIS TO ME TODAY?". I could have interpreted the "you people"  remark as a racist remark, but didn't know if that comment was due to the fact that English didn't appear to be her first language. Eventually she told me that she was not going to charge me for a no-show on Friday and that she could check me in. That turned out to be a complete lie. I didn't catch it until recently, but I was looking though some bank statements and noticed that she in fact did charge me as a no-show. The casino floor is not that much better. I played blackjack for 4-6 hours a day, betting about $50 a hand for about two weeks in a row here, and my rewards card still has a comp balance of $0.00. I believe that this is one of those casinos where they do that Vegas style "age discrimination". Many Vegas casinos do not like to comp young people who are in their 20s, no matter how big they bet. They like to comp the geriatrics and seniors even though they may only play penny slots. There is no real rational reason why they do this but remember that since the corporations took over Vegas, they have been losing revenue due to their marketing department being full of unqualified pretty girls and trust fund babies whose Dad's had connections to get them in. I still would like to point out that the people who work at the gift shops are very nice and polite, and the dealers are all very qualified to work at such an upscale establishment. But, next time I have guests in town who I want to impress, I will absolutely never check them in at the MGM.
1	Terrible
5	MGM is definately a favorite. Have been upgraded numerous times to "nice" rooms. Their rooms are very comfortable but a little dated. i understand they are getting ready for a renovation. The skyloft rooms are great if you are looking for a treat.Their dealers are sometimes a little stoic but i have won there more than lost so really not an issue. cocktails do not seem to be a problem and i think they have the last remaining mechanical horse race game in the world. imagine 10 people (all seats filled) betting on little plastic horses clumping a round a little track yelling so loud people from the craps tables come over to see what all the fun is. hard to discribe.
1	About the casino : my friend put $5 on a machine, she tried to play and the machine said we have to call someone for help. the person came maybe 5 minutes after and told us that we lied ! YES she did !and guess what the next day, we put 1 dollar in a machine and the same thing happen, we had to wait again few minutes, a person came and called another person, like for 10 minutes we waited and we got our dollar back...seriously ?!About the lion habitat : well it is nice, but it is a little sad to see the lions in such a little place... but it is cool for us... They got some babies, very cute, and you can take pictures with them but the guy is so not friendly !
3	Overall a good hotel. Our room was clean and stocked. House keeping came every day unless we choose not to be disturbed. The front desk was accommodating. I liked there was a lot of staff available. Their buffet is good. Reasonable price and lots of food especially for dinner.
3	When I went to Las Vegas, I was expecting to stay at one of the main resorts on The Strip, and with a name as well-known as MGM Grand, I think I was expecting better. Like all the big hotels, it took 15 minutes to go through the casino to the elevators and to our room... I think it would've been tons better if there had been elevators near the lobby instead of alllll the way in the back. Dragging. Luggage. The concierge/help desk were nice, though, so I give them that. I also liked that there was a food court available with a nice selection of food. Also... does anyone else who's been here think it's super silly that there's a TV in the bathroom mirror? Haha.All in all, it was just an okay experience here, but not all that memorable.
4	I love the lazy pool here, its so much fun, friendly staff and front desk. I just wish I could hit one of their jackpots.
1	I am very disappointed. I get there with a few friends and it starts out nice. The lady and her trainee convince us that for almost the exact same price of the two deluxe rooms we reserved, that would have had two beds in each room, to upgrade to a suite since it was my cousins 21st birthday. I said before we do it, can you please write down how much it would be. I told them TOTAL... Resort fee, taxes, EVERYTHING... please. I explained this cost would be divided by 4 people and that I would be putting up the amount on my credit card and they would give me cash. Instead of $125 for each person for both nights, they told us it would be about $140-$155 a night. I ask them to please print it out for me and they told me sorry, they only print out the form when I check out. I ask them if they can write it on a piece of paper and they do. It was about $580 and some change They write it down and circle the amount. I AM LITERALLY THINKING that the entire cost of our trip is now $580... but I later find out no, that it wasn't but don't know that yet. We decide, why not. One guy will sleep on the couch and two people will share a bigger bed. Who cares... Better suite, right? After given the keys, we head to our room to find out they write down the wrong room number. We cant get in... So we go back down and they tell us not room 421, it's 241 and apologize. No biggies, it's their first mistake. When we finally get into our suite and it's pretty sweet. Great view. Great set up. After a few hours we see a couple of minor problems. Some small but funky smell from behind the couch, one towel that was folded up nicley, already used. NASTY. We being a bunch of college aged guys, didn't care to call and tell them... The two nights we stayed there were chill. Finally, we go to check out before 11 and I am shown a bill for $700 something minus the deposit they charged me from when I made the reservation ($95 for each night) to be something like $580 and im confused. Why didn't the deposit count against the $580. They told me the TOTAL price included (the exact words) Everything would be $580. I ask to speak with the person that upgraded me and my friends. (They aren't working.) I ask to speak with the manager (There is nothing she can do). I tell her, very politely, that the only reason why we upgraded was because of the small price difference in rooms. Why go from $125 per person to about $190 per person. We wouldn't have agreed to that. After continuing to explain myself, she types some stuff on the computer and is able to lower the bill by about $50. I argue with her as politely as I can explaining that I, not my friends, will have to eat this because the money they gave me was prior to their drinking and gambling and have $0 in their pockets. I was left with paying a majority of the room. MGM Grand never again. I hope someone who works for them contacts me to correct this because Video will show them writing the amount on a piece of paper, us going to the wrong room. I dont know what else to say. I really wish they stuck to the words they told me from the beginning.
2	Only went for the food and lions.Sorry, MGM, the Rainforest Cafe has sucky food and your lion exhibit is a bit sad. Not much room for those lions.Wish the big cats had more room. They looked decently-cared for, other than that. I'm sure sometimes there are stupid people pounding on the glass to try to get their attention, but not while we were there.
5	MGM is a great casino and hotel.  Location is also a plus.
5	EVERYONE! MGM has been remodeled! We stayed this past weekend (1/20-1/22).I love the new furniture, NEW FLAT SCREENS(finally), the scheme is elegant and super modern, everything was clean, holy crap the bathroom is nice. If you don't have m life, sign up to get cheap rooms. We got really good rates! Customer service is great. Housekeeping was up to par. I would totally recommend these new upgraded rooms (we stayed in the regular rooms).  We also ate at the MGM buffet...idk why everyone doesn't like the food. I loved it. Wasn't to salty wasn't to bland. YumIt seems that no one knows about these new remodeled rooms. So I posted a picture
4	My goal is to hit up Joel Robuchon next time we visit, but THIS time, we tried Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak.  It was quite good (see separate review).  We didn't stay at the hotel this time, nor did we utilize any of their other services, but we enjoyed our meal, so that's worth it alone.  This hotel always amazes me how large it is....... you can see so much, yet see so very little.
4	Ok.  You have to know what you're getting into when you stay here.  This is a mid range hotel.  It's at the far end of the strip but it does have a monorail stop so you can pretty easily get around if you need to.  The casino is huge and you're probably going to get lost in it the first few times you visit.  The crowd here is mixed but during summer when we stayed here it was a lot of college age kids.  It's a fun place to stay.  But it's loud.  All the time.  We stayed in one of the suites and we had a huge room (comparable to some of The Venetian suites) and a huge bathroom.  The room had a king bed and huge windows with views of McCarren airport and the desert.  The living room area was nice enough but the only weird thing is that there was one tube tv that simply swiveled around so you could have it face the bedroom area or the living room area.  That's kind of ridiculous in this day and age and for the price you'll pay for a suite.  The bathroom was large with lots of mirrors, a stand alone shower, and a jacuzzi tub.  We didn't have any noise complaints but our room was at the far end of the hallway away from the elevators so that could be why.  We stayed here in July of 2010 and the pool area was so much fun.  Lots of different pools, and a lazy river.  They want you to pay to rent inner tubes or buy them but if you go down to the pool in the afternoon you can always snatch one that drunk people have left behind.  The lazy river is fun but gets kinda gross as the day goes on and starts getting littered with Bud Light lime cans.  It's kinda like being at a big frat party which is fine because you're in Vegas.  Good music, good drinks, good times.
4	This is not the worst or the best Vegas has to offer.  The challenge that the MGM has is how large it is and trying to find where you want to go.  Honestly the signs are good, but sometimes one can find yourself in a location and then have no signs as to where to go next.  If you stay at the hotel and are at one end, you can't see the other end because the hallway is SO long!  A friend of mine once said you couldn't see the other end because of the curvature of the Earth :-)
5	I have stayed here a couple times and every time is just as good as the last. The hotel rooms are nice, but I find myself spending little time in them as there is so much to do at the resort. This is by far my favorite casino in Vegas. I love the layout, the crowd, the variety, the dealers and even if you find yourself short on luck at the tables, you can always just go stare at some lions.I have only eaten at one restaurant in the resort - Seablue. I wasn't too hungry upon entering it, but I recall coming out fully satisfied. It is a little pricey - especially the seafood appetizer that charges per person at the table. I would avoid the CBS Television City attraction as it's really just a ploy for CBS is show you a bunch of commercials and ask you what you do and don't like about them. Your time could be much better spent.The pool is the best on the strip, in my opinion. Great crowd, fun crowd, tons of pools - each with its own flavor.Some friends and I end up taking guy trips out to Vegas about once a year and have made a tradition of sorts to meet up in the bar at the middle of the casino "Centrifuge" to take shots and kick off what is always sure to be an epic weekend.MGM Grand has become an icon for my trips to Vegas and never disappoints.
3	This is a difficult review to write, due to the nature of my stay and because I know some of the things I did not enjoy about the MGM Grand are just the way things are in Las Vegas. I stayed 4 nights in November 2011, and my number one complaint about the place was the perfumey smell they use to cover up the cigarette smoke in the casino. That stuff made my eyes water instantly and gave me a headache after a little while. Fortunately I didn't have to spend much time in the casino, as I was there for a conference, so mostly I was just passing through. I would seriously have preferred to smell cigarettes, though. My room looked nice--it had clearly been remodeled recently-ish--but it wasn't all that clean. In addition, the light over the bathroom sink was burned out and that sink drained so slowly (and had a bizarre faucet that had to be turned on practically full force to get hot water) I almost overflowed the sink when washing my face.Since I was at the hotel for a conference and not to gamble all my monies away, it would have been super great to have a small fridge in the room, and a coffeemaker, but I can't really point the bony finger of blame at the MGM Grand for that, since I'm pretty sure Las Vegas hotels do not have those amenities (the Palazzo didn't, and it is significantly nicer than the MGM Grand).Something I did enjoy about my stay is they had decorated for Christmas, and the place looked very pretty. Also, the front desk people I talked to for check-in and check-out were very helpful, and I appreciated that.
5	came here after escaping from Harras (horrible) the guy i spoke to on the phone for last minute reservations was very helpfull, he found us a room and got us a discount so we could do some more gambling. rooms where huge, clean and had a great view. room service was quick for vegas standards. Had an awesome time in their casino won tons of cash had a blast. ill be back a soon as possible MGM!!!
3	I enjoyed my stay here, but it felt "old". The building, the ambiance, and the crowd - old. We were there in early January for a work conference and didn't have to pay for anything, so my comments aren't based on price (I'm not even sure what a night there goes for). I stayed in a regular room, which had nice decor, was clean and had a view of the strip. During our stay the water was cut off between the hours of 10am-4pm in the rooms for maintenance and remodeling, not a issue for me, because I wouldn't be in my room during those hours, but I heard some folks complaining about it at the desk. Yes the place is HUGE, and yes I did get lost. yes the lions look sad and cramped...and while we were there, two guys were always in there just sitting with them. (I assume they were trainers or keepers of some sort, but why they were always in there made no sense.)All the catered food for our events was delicious, no complaints there. I did visit Tabu their "lounge" bar because some guy  in a suit (I assume he was staff) handed us wrists bands good for free cover and an hour of free drinks; had fun dancing the night away. (FYI: Tabu has the crazy trippy wall that was painted to change depending on the color light being shined on it. At first we thought it was a image projection, but no its the actual wall. The best way I can describe it is those ridged pictures you get sometimes that change depending on how you bend or move the card in the light.)If I was paying my own way, I probably would have chosen to stay somewhere else and just visited the MGM Grad, but overall a very solid place.
1	We reserved expensive room but the room was nasty, bathroom shower was broken, and old! They need to remodel or do something...
3	Traveling to Las Vegas on a budget is full of pitfalls. There are so many sites that offer discount on everything, but sifting through all of the choices is difficult. For example, tickets to cirque are expensive (worth it, but costly). There are several sites that offer some discounts. It ends us that a small link on the Cirque site offers the most straightforward discount. Then I realized that we could have gotten free tickets with our room if we would have booked through the hotel. The discount websites were in the same ballpark as the free ticket rate from MGM. So, do some homework if there is specific things you want to do. When you purchase your room through a discount site you are most likely buying a room in the west wing of this property which is a very far walk from the front door. My wife and I are very quick walkers and it took us probably 12 minutes from front door to our hotel room door. That was frustrating and we didn't realize it until we were there. Discount sites also did not make it clear that we would have to pay a $20.00 per day resort fee in addition to the prepaid amount. The hotel tried to tell us that WiFi costs $15.00 per day and there were some other crap amenities that we were supposed to be thankful for in exchange for the $20.00 per day. Its a profit center for them and I'm starting to realize that vegas is full on nickel and diming you for everything now. All of the other strip hotels advertised that they didn't charge the $20.00 resort fee so maybe MGM is the only one doing that. The room was fine, although the only shower/toilet separation was a frosted glass wall. Fine for the shower, but the toilet was a little awkward especially if you have to make a special deposit if you know what I mean. I don't want anyone in the room with me have to suffer that. The hallways were somewhat dirty. I'm not sure if that was on the "west wing" cheap rooms residents or the cleaning crew was a little lax. Either way, it was not "clean". Our room was clean and that's my main priority. This hotel has a nice selection of restaurants including the best sushi on the strip and the finest dining at Joel Rebuchon ($495 per person for a 16 course pre fixe). They also have quite a few lower cost options for eating. Plenty of gambling and Cirque's "KA" show is there. Other stuff is there, but this trip centered around a friends wedding, so we spent more time with them that doing other stuff. Notable mention for Wolfgang Puck's Bar and Grill. The food although a bit on the high side of price is very good.Another plus at MGM is the Valet parking...best on the strip for drop off and pick up ofyour car. No other place was as efficient and friendly. Don't be cheap, tip a buck or two when they retrieve your car. More if you have a bunch of people or crap to load.
3	Was there this past January 26-29 on a frat alumni guy's trip.  I give it three stars for the price (even better if you have a AAA member discount) and service.  Staff was very nice and helpful.  The room was meh - nice compared to some hotels, but in respect to Las Vegas strip, dated.  We got the Deluxe Grand Queen -- the non-renovated one.  We had asked for joining rooms, and ended up getting ones across from each other.  Too lazy to bother, as we were on a mission to hang out.  We were told to avoid the buffet here by many cab drivers, so we did.  Oh, and do not buy water or soda down in the newstand.  Take the effort to go to the ABC store next door (on your way back to the room from the strip).  A large bottle of water was 2/$2 or a 16 oz was 2/$1.  Much better than the $3 dollar for a small bottle at the hotel.When coming from the airport, make sure you tell the taxi driver not to take the highway or tunnel.  Something I wish I knew.  The cab ride should be $15 at most.  Taking the tunnel cost me $27 plus tip, and the highway is even longer.Saw the lions.  It sucked.  They were really lethargic, and just laid around.  Its really more of a dated family oriented 3-star hotel.  For young people 30s and below, I would spend the extra 20 dollars a night and stay at Planet Hollywood or Paris where it is more central to the strip and closer to the party.  Cosmopolitan is where it is at.  The walk from MGM was sooooo loooong.  We walked the first day, thinking things were close since we could see it from our room.  Big mistake.  Taxi'd it the rest of the trip since we were a group.All in all, its okay.  Would choose differently next time.
3	MGM Grand is a great casino, but in many ways it's too large.We had won a contest a while back and came here just after New Years.  Our rooms were wonderful, the food in their different dinning places was very good, and we were actually net winners during our stay, but it took us forever to get through to the elevators.  Because I am tall it was really very helpful that I could see over some of the machines and get an idea of which direction to lead our little group.  Don't get me wrong, Vegas can be fun -- but we didn't like the reconnaissance mission to get in/out of the place.  Like I said, I think MGM is a just too large.  If you go, remember to leave breadcrumbs to help retrace your steps!
4	Great hotel right on the strip. Stayed in the west wing and rooms were amazing, very modern and comfortable. If your planning a trip see if you can find a deal online, was able to find a pretty good price on expedia. There were a decent amount of food and night life options like studio 54, and it is one of the monorail stops which is super convenient. Overall, def a nice place to stay, not sure what the other rooms are like but would highly recommend the rooms in the west wing.
3	The notorious MGM grand, where do I begin?Overall, I think the hotel is bi-polar. Some ends try to be affordable, while others try to be chic/trendy and very pricey.  Prices equal, I'd stay at Mandalay over MGM every time.It's huge! You need a map to get around the ground level. The Casino is huge lots of tables spread out all over.  The minimums can get pricey.Studio 54 is MGM's club. I've reviewed it on here as well, long story short not recommended at all. Hopefully they re do it to a Vegas standard. The pool here is very popular and they can't have a nightclub overshadowed by the pool, that's just not right. Step your game up!Hotel rooms are interesting. Since they are so large and expanded their basic rooms depend on where you are placed. The deluxe room is the standard two bedroom look. the beds are comfortable but the room seems to be slightly smaller than other two bedroom hotels. Nothing significant. The tv was old and bathroom was average.The west wing rooms are fixed up to look more modern. Some furniture is nice an trendy, while other pieces look tacky and cheap. small bathrooms.The hotel floors are long and sometimes you get stuck far from both elevators. Not good for drunken walks back to the hotel room.They have good comp lengths. They offer 3 day comps and I once called the night before new years and got a free room for the weekend. Can't be mad at that!Most dining options are all very pricey. All their expensive restaurants are nearby and heavily advertised. this is where the bi-polarity is evident. Decent priced hotel, wide range of table minimums, comped rooms, but very few "cheap" dining options. their cafe was overpriced, slow service and tasted average.I have watched a fight here, and fight nights are pretty crazy. The Arena is a definite plus.When it comes to hotels, I'd put MGM in the middle of the pack. It has its positives but nothing that really sticks out to me.
2	I really expected more... It was a sad state of affairs from the get go.  At check in we were told we had two rooms reserved.  We only booked one.  She was not helpful or kind in any way.  She told us we  had to take it up with the people we booked with and that was all she could do.   Wait... i just go here you throw this issue at me and i may have spent all my money on two hotel rooms... I haven't even had a drink yet!  I requested a manager and she was kind enough to help us out and cancel the second reservation in a matter of 30 seconds.  The remainder of the time there we were just baffled at how unhappy the staff was and how they treated patrons.  We came across maybe two people there who enjoyed what they were doing and were worth chatting too and they truly earned their tips in my opinon.  I have a series of issues from this stay and i did take it up with MGM.  They offered to refund me my "hotel fees" I will not be giving these folks my business when  I visit Vegas.  I suggest you dont either.  Save your $$ and go elsewhere
1	Pools and hot tubs closed -all of them.No coffee maker in the room - excuse, "fire hazard". At check out, they'd added $20/night resort fee, on top of the prepaid room charges -excuse, "phone and Internet service" (can't be for the pool, right?)All in all, a really bad "deal".
1	I was appalled at how I was treated by MGM Grand. I was disappointed by the hotels service at every turn of my experience. My husband and I arrived on Valentine's Day to check into our hotel at 6:30pm. After waiting 20 minutes in line and then another 10 minutes for the rep to go talk to the manager, she finally informed us that our room (a celebrity spa suite) was not available. She offered to put us in a bungalow suite (TBD on whether this room was of equal or better value than what we booked and paid for), but that it wouldn't be ready for at least an hour. To her credit, she did offer us $100 credit in food/beverage at the hotel but since I was there for a conference, most of my food was already covered either by conference meals or expensable by work. But whatever... Since we didn't have a room to change, we were forced to change in the bathroom and check our bags with the bell hop in order to get to our dinner reservation on time (which also couldn't be cancelled since it was Valentine's Day). She rep promised that they would call me once our room was ready, but 4 hours later, we still hadn't received any call, so I called them only to be told that it still wasn't ready. It was 10:30pm at that point, and I had an early morning conference to get to. After some arguing it was discovered (after being on hold for 15 min and having to wait another 10 minutes for them to call me back) that the room was ready, it just wasn't showing as ready in their system. So we finally get into our room at 11pm. We decide to order room service in advance for breakfast the next morning, but the phone in our room doesn't work, so I call the hotel on my cell. But they refuse to take my order since I haven't called them on an in-hotel phone. We sit on hold for several minutes while we argue with the manager (again) that all we want to do is order breakfast for the next morning and go to bed. Finally, they're able to accommodate  us, but only after they put us on hold 3 times and disconnected us twice.Luckily in the morning the food arrived on time (15 min early, actually) and they replaced our phone. Great to finally have something go right! That night, we decide to order breakfast in advance again. We wait on hold for room service for 5 minutes and then the man who takes our order is rude and insists that the Grand Breakfast only comes with your choice of pork or chicken sausage OR bacon OR ham -- despite the fact that the menu states (quoting word-for-word), "pork or chicken sausage, bacon or grilled ham" and the night before we'd ordered pork sausage and bacon. After 15 minutes of arguing, they finally consented but insisted we were wrong and the in-room dining captain we'd ordered from the night before was wrong in giving us that. At this point, we're arguing on principle. If you only get the choice of one meat instead of two, maybe they should change the wording on the menu? What's the most frustrating is that throughout the entire process, I think we only heard one single apology. At every other encounter with a an employee we heard arguing and disdain. I work in customer service and know full well what a difficult job it is, but I've also learned that a sincere apology will go a long way. Needless to say that we'll never be staying here again an will actively recommend that our friends and co-workers (I work for an airline) stay far, far away.
1	Stayed at MGM grand for two nights during a business trip this week, and I'm glad I know never to stay at this hotel again.  There was nothing but mishaps and poor service all around.I checked in around 6pm and was told they had given away the Bungalow Suite I reserved (although I wonder if this is true now that I read some of the other reviews here?) and instead of offering an upgrade they decided to downgrade me instead to a standard room (and it wasn't just me, at least 2 other people had the same problem; front desk said they oversold for Valentines day...why is it so hard to only sell the amount of suites they actually have?).  To make matters worse they didn't even offer me anything to make up the difference (the suite I paid for was $20 more than a standard room), so I had to ask if I would be refunded the difference and the front desk said "well you already have the $65 dining credit" ....which was part of their current promo that everyone gets, whether they purchase a suite or not.  They did eventually offer to waive my resort fees and they gave me a mini fridge for free as well (which was old and came on this ugly cart, it was such an eye sore), but the fact that they didn't offer it up front shows how little they value their customers.The room was newly renovated and I did like the decor and colors in the room; they at least attempted to make it look a bit more "swanky" than your average hotel decor. But when I go there was no remote for the TV, so they brought one up and that didn't work, so they brought up another one and that one didn't work either...and it turned out that the TV just didn't work at all, even though it was a brand new flat screen (the rooms were only renovated 3 weeks ago).  They said 3 other TVs had done the same that day offered to send up an engineer, but it was almost 9:00 and my show was ending anyways, so I didn't want someone in my room that late.The second day of my stay I was set to move to the suite I paid for, they told me it would be ready between 11 and 3, which of course turned into a "wait until 3".  So I wait until 3, go to the front desk to get my key, they already KNOW that I've left my things in the room and will be moving them over, so what do they do?  They lock the room.  So I call security (twice) and it takes them 20ish minutes to come up and unlock the room for me so I can get my stuff out.And there was no apology from security, or anyone else that I spoke with except the guy at the front desk when  I checked out.  In general, most of the staff I spoke with on the phone (security, operator, in room dining, etc) had bad attitudes and just sounded bored.The suite was nice enough, it didn't have a kitchenette unfortunately, and the decor was blah (it didn't even have a flat screen tv), but at least it was spacious and came with a robe and slippers.  Things I did like -- the easy access to the monorail and the food court.  Their rates are great too; but it's not worth the hassle.
1	All is not well in the Emerald City of Las Vegas. It seems that the nickel and dime mentality has settled in here leaving guests wondering what other unforeseen charges or overlooked amenities will be discovered.  I DO NOT recommend staying here. My friend and I have had too many unpleasant surprises in just two days. It is a shame really that a  prominent hotel like this has sunk to cheapness and frankly, some dishonesty thrown in. We are here attending a convention and the convention center itself has been wonderful. It is sparkling clean, with great meeting rooms and halls. Our time at the convention is enjoyable without a doubt. But then.....Something is incredibly amiss at the hotel. The MGM is undergoing construction and that is part of the problem This is a BIG reason to avoid this place for now. Their website attempts to gloss over this fact. It says that the MGM is getting a "grand renovation" and then proceeds to tell you to check out what is new. Oh how exciting!  However, it isn't the kind of excitement you want; a letter placed on your bed, informing you to expect construction noise as well as the water supply being shut off on certain days. Why are guests paying $200 a night and being checked onto a floor where the water is being shut off? This is truly a first for me. For this incredible inconvenience (which you pay for) you receive a letter thanking you in advance for understanding the difficulties of renovating this hotel. They offer you a 15% discount on a future stay....WHAT!  After checking in and being encouraged to spend an additional $15 per day to experience the "grand renovation' experience, you get your water shut off and construction noise during the day! When I called guest services to ask for my 15% discount today, I was lectured on how unemployment is a problem and I should be glad that the hotel did not close to renovate. Can it get any more bizarre? Is there a Wizard behind a curtain spinning politically correct excuses in this Emerald City? Is this mega-million dollar corporation so greedy that it cannot absorb a few empty rooms?   How about closing one wing? How about honestly updating future guests on your website like other hotels do that there is construction going on and it may be noisy, and for this inconvenience we are offering a sale?  Is it because there is deeply planted nickel and dime antics going on? The strict mini fridge "touch it and you own it" rule, charging $50 per day if any personal items are found in this fridge(I guess rental fee added to $200?) , $10 fee for $80 ATM withdrawal, lack of in-room coffee maker, and mandatory resort fee of $25 per day, even though the "resort" pools and grounds are closed for the season, are all signs of a grand hotel where the customer comes last. Any good things about my stay? The hotel is clean and the staff is exceptionally pleasant, but one can hardly notice these things when one is staying in a hell of a renovation resort. We have 4 more days here. We will update you on whether the MGM Grand is Grand enough to discount our stay for this inconvenience of renovation,  or instead,  will be passing out complimentary construction hats.  Stay tuned, and stay away!
4	Clean hotel and I looooove their slot machines!!!! Won everytime :-)
4	I like it here. Are there nicer and newer places on the strip, YES. But this place has everything and does it well. Great restaurants, good access to other hotels, and a very good casino. This is my go to place and I have never met anyone that hates it.....
4	Totally cool because we ran to Muhammed Ali, Evander Hollyfield and Leon Spinks for Ali's 70tj birthday.
3	On the first day we were in Vegas this was one of our first stops. We decided to park our car here. OMG it was difficult trying to navigate our way out of here. We had to ask several people. We didn't dine or gamble here. We mostly just past through and look a brief look at the lions exhibit. The lions are so boring. They sleep most of they day. The casino didn't over much promotions either. Meh.
1	This place was horrible.  The room was a deluxe.  No coffee maker.  Dirty bathroom and you can hear people from the rooms on both sides talking.  The water was shut off from 11 AM till 4PM with no notice up front.  We went into the room after gambling all night to get a voice mail at 4 AM.  The manager was rude and disrespectful,  We had not used the room but, she refused to refund if we left.  She lied and said the hotel was fully booked and when we told her the clerk said there were rooms available she said, "Oh, that was nice of her."  What a joke.Tried to save a buck.  You get what you pay for.  Low rates = Low class service.  Motel Six MGM!  Never go budget again!
1	Horrible Valentines Day experience!! I booked a "Celebrity Spa Suite" over 2 weeks before the day. We got there right at check in time (3:00pm) and waited 45 min JUST to get up to the counter! These lines weren't long by the way. I get up there to find out they don't have my room or "any king beds in the whole hotel!" They offered me a "Bungalow Queen" which is certainly a downgrade! It's Valentines Day I want a king! I was told its not a downgrade because it's still a suite. Pssh... That just means a couch in a sitting area apparently, and wonky lights.  Manager ended up giving us a food and beverage credit which we made sure to use ALL of! Don't make a reservation here... They might not have it when you get there!
3	This hotel was nice, our room was beautiful, but somehow I still felt a bit unsatisfied staying here.The pros: the marvelously comfortable bed, the spacious room, the nice flatscreen TV.The hotel and casino were both beautiful.The cons: the food options in this hotel were disappointing and we chose not to eat there over the span of our 5-day trip. The only coffee option is Starbucks. The hotel is not nearly as cool, fun, or activity-filled as other hotels (such as the Bellagio with its water show or the Caesars with it's Chinese New Year garden and shops). THE HOTEL CHARGES A $20 RESORT FEE, WHICH PURPORTEDLY IS FOR THE WI-FI AND SOME OTHER NONSENSE. Oh, and you no coffee maker in the room, obviously so that you'll go spend money on coffee downstairs at Starbucks. Additionally, the free wi-fi internet was spotty and slow, the concierge and front desk failed to pick up our phone calls on more than one occasion and we had a RIDICULOUSLY long walk to and from our room on check-in and check-out days. ***A quick Vegas note, it's painfully obvious to me that most casinos are designed to be islands of their own, so massive as to make visitors get lost in them and be reluctant to leave. MGM was actually less guilty of this than the Caesars or Bellagio.
4	Was pleasantly surprised by MGM grand.  Went there on a whim because it was cheaper on travelocity than other hotels in the area.  While gambling, the cocktail servers were on it and always offered drinks (stayed at bellagio last 2 times and was NEVER offered a drink while gambling) we had the newly remodeled rooms which were nice.  Buffet was better than bellagios in my opinion and the hotel is located centrally... will be back for sure :)
3	This hotel has a great location, excellent access to the strip.  You also get free admission to Wet Republic if you stay here during the summer months, which is a nice benefit.  The rooms here are standard for Vegas, nothing too exciting but who cares, really, you don't come to Vegas to sit in a hotel room.  I haven't stayed in the remodeled wing yet, so I'm sure my rating will improve once I have a chance.  If I can remember right, we were given a few complimentary drink coupons at the front desk when we checked in, which are always a very courteous gesture from a hotel.
4	The room itself is decent and a little out dated. Come on , we had tube tvs lol. However the casino and atmosphere is out of this world!!! Just tons of ppl getting fucked up and just walking around, the city seriously never sleeps! Make sure to bring a lot of cash because everything is expensive!!!!!!! but I loved the experience and will def be going back!
3	I stayed here for a work event last week, and will be back again in two weeks for a similar events. The check-in process was painless, and the front desk is just around the corner from the elevators to our room. My first time in the room was to just put my stuff down and head back to the conference area. I was able to more closely inspect the room later that night :)The bedroom area of the room (2 queen room) was pretty nice. The beds and pillows were comfortable, enough plugs to plug in all of my chargers. The tv doesn't really match the caliber of the hotel in my opinion, but it worked and did the job. The decor of the bathroom was also a little disjunct, but it was big and nice. The one thing that really grinded my gears though is that I had some leftover pizza from Wolfgang Puck's that I was planning to eat the next evening. Since there are no fridges in the rooms, I left it on my desk and came back that afternoon to find it gone. Major disappointment. Either way, my standards for Vegas hotels are pretty basic since I mainly need them to sleep and shower, and the MGM did the job.
5	My husband reserved a suite. The suite was beautiful and roomy. No view which kind of sucked but we still enjoyed the room. The room had black out curtains which helps. We slept in until 10am because our room was so dark. The jacuzzi tub was great. We went in it both nights. Plenty of bathroom space for two. The flat screen turns so you can watch it from the couch or from the bed. I would definitely stay again.
3	Great casino and good food. I still prefer Bellagio.
1	MGM Grand Signature hotel wants to be an upper class hotel on the strip but you can't be upper class if the room is nice, but you hire hoods with attitudes to work with customer facing jobs.  Customer service and hospitality seem to have taken a vacation some time ago and has not returned.  They will yes you to death and do absolutely nothing.  Front desk staff has no authority to do anything but smile.   This was a huge surprise to me because I expected better.  That's what I get for thinking the more you pay the better service you get.  I got that way wrong!  You're better off going to any other hotel except this one.
4	The rooms were a bit dated but they had great views of the strip and the buffet was awesome. huge poker room and great location near everything on the strip. lazy river swimming pool is the best on the strip.
2	Beware of the rooms that have not yet been renovated.  They have a "$25 upgraded room" add on fee,... might be worth it.  My non-upgraded room in the West Wing was terrible.  Scary, narrow and dark hallway.  Dark room.  Was cutting edge 10 years ago, but is dingy and not a relaxing setting now.  It is a shame that instead of offering a discount on their sub-standard, below-par rooms, they are asking for an upgrade fee to upgrade to a room that meets what would be considered an everyday standard level of quality.
2	what happened to the lions?!
5	the penthouse is beauuuuutiful!!
2	I stay here for conferences and have stayed in a few of the wings.  The West Wing rooms are more recently remodeled and much nicer/cleaner than standard rooms in the other wings.  I've mostly had standard king and 2 queen rooms which still come with a sofa and work area.  Bathrooms are large with well lit vanity area and a deep bathtub.  The only thing I don't like about these rooms is that there is no deadbolt or security latch of any type on the door.  There is no way to prevent someone with a room key from entering while you are in the room.  Seems like a security risk to me.  Service at the front desk has always been very friendly and quick when I've stayed here.  Even when there were a lot of people in front of me at check in, I've never waited more than a few minutes.  Similarly, any time I've made a request of staff / housekeeping, it's been taken care of quickly. The hotel / casino / resort itself is massive and a bit too spread out for my taste.  Fortunately there are a lot of restaurants near the room elevators, so you do not have to cross a smoky casino in order to get to dinner.   Unfortunately it's a bit of a hike away from other casinos -- the shortest way to get back on to the strip is to cut through the casino.
1	They messed up our Suite... we booked it online and when we showed up Friday 3/16/12, they didn't have it for us.SERIOUSLY?!They gave us 2 smaller rooms instead and $100 credit for both rooms each night. Well.. can you just credit the rooms instead? No.. just the $100 credit for both rooms each night so you have a total $400. This is effin bulls*@#! Everyone has to split up now rather than having one huge suite to party in. And they won't even credit our rooms!!Oh well.  Guess that's $400 to spend on alcohol!!
4	I came here for my bachelor party last weekend (and I still hurt). I stayed in a suite on the 10th floor for three nights. There are a lot of great things about the hotel/casino and a few things that could use improvements. My group had two other rooms booked as well, a deluxe room on the 10th floor and another on the 21st.We were promptly whisked away from the airport by their limo service which was fantastic. The valet/taxi/driver service is impeccable at the hotel. The front desk staff were hit or miss depending on the time of day/level of hotel activity. Some were outstanding some were just okay. The rooms were very clean, the 21st floor is a little less modern than the 10th. No iPhone dock/ stereo in the rooms was frustrating and their TVs had no premium channels making downtime and pre-gaming in the rooms less than thrilling. The decor of the suite was kinda all over the place. Beds were great, although I spent very little time sleeping in mine. Room service options were also less than desirable. Their pool area was huge, although the water was a little cold for swimming. We spent some time in the sun and hot tubs. A lovely server brought us buckets of beer. Check-out was easy with no surprises on the bill and the limo service back to the airport was on par with the pickup. The hotel is on my preferred side of the strip. Hooters (is a dump) but has cheap fare. New York New York is right across the way, Excalibur and Luxor aren't too far. You really can't go wrong with the MGM. I remember when it first opened and the improvements they have made over the years have always been in the right direction. I had an amazing bachelor party and I have the MGM Grand to thank.
1	Not impressed by the MGM. Our room smelled like an ashtray and when we asked to be moved they tried to up sell us to a suite or down grade us with no credit. When I argued about this to the front desk person they disappeared for 5 min came back and again tried to up sell me. We were staying 2 nights so I asked for one night with the queen bed and the second in an upgraded suite... well it seems that we do have a room available to move you after all. Surprise surprise.The MGM seemed old and still use tube TV's and the overall vibe was not that of the other hotels were were walking around.We stayed our first 3 night at Circus Circus and had a great time.
2	I tried to let some time pass so I would be more even handed.My experience with MGM was atrocious.  We were lucky (?) to get one of the newly remodeled rooms, and it really is nicely designed and furnished.  The room was HUGE, the bathroom was HUGE, and everything looked really nice.  When the lights were working.The bathroom lights had something wrong with the wiring, as they would trip out from time to time.  After being off for a while (cooling down) they would work again.  You can see how this causes trouble when maintenance tries to fix it.  They come when we're out, say the lights work fine.  We get back, have them on for 20 minutes while getting ready and POOF.  Awesome.  The patronizing little notes about resetting the outlet really helped.Sort of on a tangent, but I don't like staying in a fancy schmancy hotel and finding random garbage in the drawers.  Ew.  What else wasn't cleaned?And, the kicker.  The night we got to town, fiance was at another casino playing cards, and I was tired.  I head up to the room, try my key, and nothing is working.  I am tired, I am in heels, grrrrrrrrr.  So down to the desk I go.  It's hell in a handbasket getting them to believe I actually have a key to a room since my name isn't on the reservation (although I can tell them the name, credit card info, address, etc.).  Finally they believe me, then say "that room checked out."  I'm sorry lady, but no, we didn't check out.  This woman legitimately looked me in the eye and said "that room checked in and out today."  What?  Do you see the reservation?  It is not for four hours.  She finally gets some information from someone else, and tells me I have to go wait for security to let me into the room.  I also have to tell them where they can find something with my name on it in the room.  I can't describe what's in the room, what our luggage looks like, what sort of clothes/knickknacks are lying around, no.  Something with my name on it.  Of course I have my purse and ID with me so... what?  Thank goodness I checked a bag with my name on the tag, because if not I would've been abandoned in the hallway.Nice job, MGM.
3	Some friends were in town, staying at the MGM, so we were able to experience more of the establishment than normal. After meeting on the floor, we all went up to their room to catch up while they had some drinks. On the 14th floor, their room was located down what seemed to be an endless hallway straight out of a psychological thriller type movie. Upon opening the door to their room, they were excited to show us the TV screen above the sink. Not sure how many people need a 6"-ish TV screen embedded in the wall by the sink, but cool.Walking past the sink/bathing area, we got to the main portion of the room. There was a decent sized, and comfy bed against the windows, a stylish leather chair against one wall, and a desk with a chair against the opposing wall, next to the 'closet'. The layout of the room may have had some bearing on the sensation that the room was very small and cramped. Most Motel 6 rooms are more spacious than this room. It was nicely appointed, just... cramped.Drink prices in the casino bars and lounges are typical on strip, casino prices: rip offs. Not as bad when friends are buying the drinks, when it comes out of your pocket it hurts just a little bit more.
3	Waited 20 minutes to check in. Waited 20 minutes for our baggage to be kept at the bell desk. Not so great casino service and staff certainly not there to be personable. Besides that, it was fair.. Oh no, there's more... No lions anymore? What happened to THE MGM, perhaps they got bit by Peta. Touche!The rooms are nicer than Luxor, I thought. They just reconstructed some of the floors so if you're lucky you'll get the flatscreen tv and the shnazzy contemporary interior design.There's a not so bad bar in the center of the back entrances called Centrifuge. I would rate it borderline but the bartenders get up on the bar and brings the energy by what looks to be like homebrewed choreography.  http://www.mgmgrand.com/nightlife/centrifuge-bar.aspx
3	We really like the MGM but we booked a room last minute in the West Wing and these rooms are very different from the standard MGM rooms. I guess you could say they are quaint. I mean don't get me wrong, they are nice enough but the size leaves something to be desired and the room is literally like 1/4 mile at the end of the hall. They are slowly renovating rooms and you can see exactly where they stopped. Had to have housekeeping redo the bedding because I don't think it was changed before we got here, not pleasant. They questioned what was wrong with the bedding...I wouldn't ask you to go to the trouble of changing it if nothing was wrong!! We checked in early but didn't go into the room til after 4 and they asked us how long we were in the room, like that made a difference?! Just change my sheets pretty please. But it only took minutes for them to come up and fix the problem, even offered to re-clean the entire room! Got a great deal on the room so I guess we will compromise.
4	Cool place.  Even though I didn't stay here in Vegas I went here a lot.  Emeril's New Orleans Fish House, Cirque de Soleil Ka, Joel Robuchon, and Craftsteak are all here.  For the record though, inside is the MOST expensive Starbucks ever.  My venti White Chocolate Mocha was $6.50.
2	Very disappointed in the rooms, the sink doesn't drain, the ceiling is molding and people were always smoking in room on the non smoking floor.. No fridge, no coffee pot , no bottled water,,, was   very much surprised after all the advertising about room improvement..I do love the people there ,while serving they always seem to be pleasant and it is a fun place to gamble...  Don't go to the pool, it's very dirty... Kinda disappointed, used to better treatment
3	There are some great upsides and some annoying downsides to the MGM. It's a city in its own and you never have to leave if you can afford it. There are lots of entertainment options right on the property from Circque de Soleil, to a comedy club below the lobby. It has an arena with top acts currently touring the country appearing nightly.     The rooms are very nice and the beds are soft and comfortable.    It has a beautiful pool area with a lazy river.It has many restaurants, some great and some greatly over rated. I found Emeral's in the latter catagory. Their Knob Hill bar served me an eleven dollar pair of ribs appitizer that had actually been fried into unchewable leather. The fish and chips in the coffee shop is excellent and I've never had a bad breakfast there and I've probably had at least fifty breakfasts there.    If you're into night-clubbing they have Studio 54 and Club Tabu.      A current downside (4/4/12 is that its undergoing renovation and the jackhammers start at 9AM.      Room service is pricey and the wait is long. A pal ordered a shrimp cocktail and a beer and I think it was $50.      The Will Call for the arena is untrustworthy. I left two tickets to the ACMA's for guests and when my guests got there the tickets had disappeared. Two other people were sitting in their seats.       If you have a room with a door that adjoins another room you can hear the people in that room like they are in your room.      I spent eighteen minutes on a house phone trying to get an operator listening to a recording tell me how much they cared about my business. The line eventually went dead without anyone ever answering. I was ready to rip the phone off the wall.      A small but highly annoying detail: Bring your own moisturizer. They have these tall square bottles that don't squeeze easily. When you do squeeze hard enough to get some out, it all comes out. It looked like the money shot from a large animal in a porn produced by Animal Planet. I had conditioner all over my Dopp Kit, medicine bottles, the counter, the mirror. It was a big mess. They need to find the guy who designed that and kill him before he breeds.
4	I stayed at the MGM for three days to attend a conference, so I wasn't able to experience all the resort had to offer, but I feel I got a good taste of things.  The room I stayed in was a standard King bed room, I believe the call it a "Grand King".  It was nice, had a desk, chairs, and bed.  The bathroom was nice, clean and spacious.  I had a couple of hours to hit the pool, but since it was still March the big lazy river wasn't open yet, but the main pool areas were nice.As far as dining, I actually only stopped at the Starbucks when heading from my room to the conference center, but it appeared there were a lot of options with different menu types.Entertainment wise I saw David Copperfield which was a great show.  The theater offers tabled seating, not full meals, but drinks and snacks which was nice.Over all I enjoyed staying at the MGM and would probably stay there again if the need arised, but there are so many options in Las Vegas it's nice to hop around.
1	We arrived at the hotel, and the wait was not bad to check in. We got up to the room and it was disgusting. The glasses had lipstick stains, and the bathroom wall was disgusting. We immediately went downstairs and the receptionist told us that they didn't have any rooms. So we asked her to at least send someone up to clean the room, and she went and talked to a manager. TADA! A new room magically opened up. This room wasn't much cleaner, but at least the glasses were cleaned and we have a remote control. We got comped a Buffett, but really it doesn't make up for the disgusting rooms and the mediocre service. We will stay elsewhere next time. Disgusted.
1	The room stunk like smoke even though it was a non smoking room.  They also charge you a resort fee of $25 or so to use their pools and business center. The sad part about that was,  we weren't told that we were being charged.  We left with a very sour feeling of the MGM Grand.  Also, very low water pressure for shower.
2	Upon entering from The Strip, this place seemed massive - almost too big. It seemed more of a gamers hotel than anything else. Luckily, when we got to our room we found it to be newly remodeled in a very tasteful manner.  We had just spent two night at the Monte Carlo and the room was definitely a step up from what we had just stayed in.  Unfortunately, in many other ways, the Monte Carlo outclasses the MGM.  The 10 minute walk to the pool area was a pain in the ass.  And considering that we checked in at 5:00 and were leaving in the morning, it rubs me the wrong way that I had to pay the "resort fee" when we weren't even able to use the pool for more than 20 minutes (pools close at 6:00 - except for the lazy river, was closed at 5:00.)  Once again, I was disappointed by the fact that there was no WiFi.  For this price range, I'll be staying somewhere else my next time in Vegas.
2	This stay sucked, we got sick from the construction dust. Some of the black jack dealers have to much of a serious attitude and make it difficult to have fun, its not fun to lose when your dealer looks like he's forced to be there. Hotel smelled musty when we first arrived a couple broken fixtures in the bathroom. Nexy time we will problably spend a little extra cash and stay somewhere else.
2	Blah. You can find better for less money.I was disappointed with almost everything about the MGM - it has slipped in recent years. The check in line was unreasonably long (and we were there in the early afternoon). We were underwhelmed at the quality of the room and the furnishings. The casino could use a good cleaning. The whole place has the feeling that it has seen better days. There are nicer hotels on the strip.
5	I just got back from another great stay at the MGM Grand! I am always surprised at the low ratings this place gets on Yelp. We used the Airport Check-in and got our room set up just the way we wanted, including getting a room early.  If you are flying into Vegas, take advantage of this service because the lines at the hotel front desk are crazy long!The MGM is huge, but contrary to other reviews on here, I believe it is well designed and easy to navigate. I use a wheelchair and it never takes me more than a few minutes to get anywhere on the property.  Just a reminder to all my Yelp friends out there...ALL casinos are designed to make you walk by those pretty little Slot Machines as much as possible. That's how they make their money. Don't expect anything different.Our room didn't have all the bells and whistles of some Casinos, but at $49 a night, I am not complaining. It was well designed for a wheelchair user, except for the Shower, which had the bench, hand held unit and the controls all jammed into one corner, which would've made things a little difficult if I'd been alone.  Luckily, my Girlfriend and I turned it into a positive (wink, wink!). Ok, sorry if that was Too Much Information.Every time I've stayed here the staff has been friendly and helpful. This trip was no different.  When we had problems with our Rental Car (no fault of MGM), the Concierge we spoke with went out of her way to help us!The MGM provides quality accommodations, great Customer Service and outstanding convenience to Las Vegas visitors. It continues to my first choice on my trips to Sin City!
2	I stayed there 3 nights with family on a sort of reunion.  We stayed last time at the Venetian, but I chose the MGM Grand as other reviews said the pool scene was great.  Yuck.  Check in was a snarl of desks with a crowd in front of each one - no order or lines.   Rooms are a few miles away from the front desk - no problem, but the room was not right, which necessitated another trip down to the front desk crowd (to be fair I did have the option of waiting 35 minutes for a bellman)  Room rates on the website are comparable to other hotels - but when you get there, EVERYTHING but the air is $25 extra.   Add all of the charges and you not only feel ripped off but poorer.We booked a cabana at the pool - Cabana is an optimistic idea for a little curtain and some stained furniture.  My quoted rate was a $400 minimum of food and drink - the posted rate was $600, going up to $800 on weekends.  Lackluster ordinary food was delivered by a nice waiter who also brought towels (gee, no $25 charge for those), but 7 of us found it tough to drink that much in the middle of the day.  Breakfast was a mall style food court where we had the choice of Nathans, McDonalds, or Starbucks -  On Friday, a group of conventioneers arrived, and the hotel did not provide a separate room for their breakfast -- so they were all in line at the various breakfast venues - making the wait from 30 - 45 minutes.  UNBELIEVABLY LOUD AND HORRIBLE MUSIC PLAYED ABSOLUTELY EVERYWHERE BUT IN OUR ROOMS - IN THE FOOD COURT, THE RESTAURANTS, THE POOL.    TWO DAYS LATER I AM STILL KIND OF DEAF.  Maybe celebrities and reality stars get treated well here, but I would not recommend it to anyone else.
3	Upgraded my room here for 3 nights for the "newly renovated rooms" at $20 a night, which I'm thinking was worth it because I've heard the other rooms are ghetto.  I had no problems with the service at this hotel, but I probably won't be staying here again in Vegas.  For one, it's location is not ideal unless you want to spend most of your time walking back and forth between Caesars / Bellagio area, and the fact that the Casino is confusing AS ALL HELL to navigate, my friends and I literally got lost every night. Plus, the free Wi-Fi sucked (I know, first world problems) but I was expecting to get work done and ended up having to go downstairs because I could barely get one bar of 4G let alone wireless. Overall my experience was just meh, concierge was helpful though.
4	Recently remodeled. Very nice rooms! They have a great buffet with a wide variety of foods and desserts. There are 2 Starbucks located in this hotel. The workout facility is very nice. They provide water and snacks. All other spa services cost additional fees. We visited in the winter. I would definetly visit in the summer to spend some time at the pool.Studio 54 is also located in this hotel. They had great music. You can get in free if you get on the VIP list.
3	Just got back from a 4 night stay at the MGM Grand. Although a very clean and nice hotel I would make sure when booking to ask for the new renovated rooms. Our room was very basic, but no fan in the bathroom and only one mirror in the whole room, that was in the bathroom. Making it hard for a group of girls to get ready.  But my biggest problem wasnt with the room, it was that the MGM Lions are no longer at the hotel!! When we asked someone about them they said the new CEO of the hotel didnt think they needed to spend any more money on them and now they are at some zoo. But they still show the lion habit on their website. I would not stay at MGM again only because of the location. Its at the end of the strip and not in the center of all the hotels. We walked to The Mirage and found that, that hotel would have been perfect location to access everything better. Side note, Love, The Beatles show was the most amazing show ever, I highly recommend! We had the cheapest tickets and still say everything perfectly.
2	What is the mgm anymore without its lions now they have put translucent cover over the entire lion habitat.  How retarded! !
3	Once upon a time, when I was at the ripe age of 8, I would look forward to my family vacations in Vegas - watching the cheesy shows, playing at the kiddy arcades, getting kicked out of the casino for being under aged, you know the usual. (It really did happen, by the way)But I loved staying at the MGM Grand, being welcomed by that huge Wizard of Oz display, seeing the lions habitat...but all that is gone and it makes my childhood self very sad.My adultself is also not too pleased with the hotel as of recent. While they may have gotten rid of some '90s memorabilia, the MGM's vibe is still very much stuck in the past. Aside from having a great pool area (there's like 18 pools here. not really, but there's a lot) and lots of dining to choose from, the hotel itself is a bit blah and outdated.The rooms need major renovations. For what you pay, you'd expect a classier room with furniture that wasn't upholstered 20 years ago, it seems. The bathrooms are nicer than the actual bedroom I will say. My friends and I shelled out $509 (for a double) for two nights which I find pricey for the quality of the room.Will go back for the hotel's attractions, like Ka or the day club, but not to spend the night.
4	I like MGM and they take good care of us. We do a little gambling here... sometimes we win, most times we don't, but they have a pretty good comp system and we tend to end up with some really nice rooms for not a lot of cash. Our favorite spot is the West Wing Bar as its kind of hidden in the front of the casino and there are plenty of comfortable spots to lounge around and have a drink. Oh, the lions are awesome! I would love to go in and play with one, but I don't want to get eaten... our house cat is rough enough and he's only 11 pounds... imagine a 800 pound lion?
3	We were there for a conference, pretty much spend the entire time inside their conference center, cannot really tell much, but the walk from parking garage to conference center....it's way too far.
5	I am updating this review because I am VERY impressed with the new MGM "GRANDer" rooms. Now the rooms are on a comparable level with all of the 5 star hotels - Wynn, Venetian, etc. The new bathrooms have a very sexy rectangle light which is amazing. The new beds and minifridge are clutch to any party. The new TV is significantly better than the old ones, and now there are audio/video plugs to throw a party. The floor is significantly cleaner, the rooms are MUCH better than the old "classic" ones, and I am game to stay at MGM Grand every time!
2	After having an amazerball time at the Mirage but a mere 3 months ago, I decided to check out its mlife buddy MGM Grand, thinking, this is one of the more known hotels on the Strip, what the eff could go wrong...Think again sunshine.I booked a newly renovated queen smoking room at a pretty decent rate on a Thursday/Friday night.  Upon arrival at the hotel lobby at 1ish, I decided to try to early check-in since it worked out so well at the Mirage.  First of all, the lines were horrendous.  There were no counters that separated those of the mlife players and the rest of the peeps... (at least there were no indicators).  I would think you would have such a distinction as to at least put some benefit in being a mlife player.  I believe it would be good for the membership program to get some relatively distinct benefits to having it.Second, when we finally got to the counters, we checked in with a lady named Kristine.  Now thinking I might get somewhere with a girl with the same name as me (well as same as it gets), I asked her if she had any upgrades available.  Right away, she said no.  Then she immediately, she said, "Oh, I lied.  There's one available."  She quoted me $150 a night (which is what I paid to upgrade at the Mirage), and then backtracked saying it would be around that sum, but she needed to check with the manager.  She calls somebody on the phone, and all of a sudden, upon hang up, it's now $396 a night to upgrade.  What the eff.  That is nowhere near the $150 she originally quoted me.  But me not being made of money, decided that the newly renovated rooms had to do.  At this point I wasn't upset because that's how the world goes right?  Wrong.She proceeds to check us in and first thing she starts going on was the room.  Apparently there's only one hall of renovated rooms for smokers.  And wouldn't you know it, they are out of those rooms.  I say, but I booked a smoking room. She says we have a policy that saves our *sses stating that your requested room type may not be available but we'll make a sincere effort to accommodate your request.  Now, sincere effort is pretty shady.  Because trust, even though I didn't get what I wanted, there really wasn't any effort to accommodate me.  She offered me a non-renovated queen smoking room, which I'm thinking why would I stay in a non-renovated room, when I booked MGM for the renovated ones, and everytime I would try to explain my growing upsetness, she would cut me off and throw policy at me.  There wasn't any sincere effort to be accomodating or even attempt at service recovery, which given that this is MGM is quite surprising. Oh wait, she offered me a late check out on Saturday, which wasn't that great seeing as how it's our last day in Vegas.  And she stated that the view from the room was good, "at least."Then, she swiped some key cards and then tells us that there are no rooms available at the moment for us to go and vegetate after the long drive, and that  it will be somewhere around 3-4 for us to get a room number and for the room to be available.  Now on the confirmation page it says 3pm check in time.  So I'm a little bothered by this, but she says 4 for sure.  So off we go gambling.  Come 3:30  time, I give the hotline a call and they tell me, the room is still unavailable due maintenance.  A little annoyed, I decided I'll call at 4 since it would "definitely" be available right?  Wrong.  Come 4, there still was no room available... this prompted a check with the floor manager and it turns out, its still being cleaned.  Finally at 4:22ish, I get a room number.  By the time I'm all settled and in the room its probably around 4:45.  I open the blinds.  Are you effing kidding me?  The view she said was good?  I can't even see any part of the Strip.  I'm literally next to ground level, and all I see are taxis and utility poles, and the bulk of the main hotel driveway.  Thinking no way am I taking this, this was the final straw.  I call hotel vip services (which is the mlife hotline) and tell a girl named Samantha all my problems.  She said that apparently my room is an accessible one, and that I requested for an accessible room.  I tell her none of my party are physically disabled, so why did we get an accessible room?  She looked into it a little more, and APPARENTLY this was the only room available.  Now I understand overbooking, as I work in the airline industry.  But when we overbook?  We comp the passengers to the point of overkill.  MGM?  Forget about it.  You can bet I'm going to march right to the check in counter tomorrow morning and getting a manager on my problems stat.
3	I told my daughter she'd get to see lions. WHERE ARE THE F'n LIONS?
2	Came here for one night on business. The room is in bad need of being updated. It looks like an 80's bachelor pad. Complete with a red leather armless chair to a cheaply converted dresser into an entertainment center. It also has way to many mirrors, a bathroom counter that is to small for a hair brush, and no coffee maker. I also got a towel with a 6" hole in it. If this is remodeled and grander, don't expect MGM to survive much longer. I won't be back.Ps...there is a hidden $25 fee that you won't see any where other than the fine print of your confirmation email.
1	I made a reservation on Jan 6, 2012 for a suite the weekend of June 8-10 at a great rate and had to pay the full amount up front.  This past weekend my reservation was cancelled claiming that my room was no longer available even though I booked 5 months in advance of my trip.  Presumably so MGM can rebook the suite at a higher rate.  I will gladly take my business elsewhere on the Strip.
2	Was here two weeks ago for a conference. I am in LAS frequently for conferences. I have stayed here many times, just to be close to whatever conference I was attending. I hate that this place is so big -- its like 2 miles to the conference center. Try that in heels The room this time was a real WOW. I'd give it 5 stars EXCEPT...it lacked a cork opener. I called housekeeping....$12.00 for a cork screw. And I just wanted to open an extremely over priced bottle of red wine ($30) from the lobby store. Are you kidding me? I will never go back there. They play to the lowest common denominator.
1	So many great locations in Vegas it seems like a shame to waste your money here. I come here for conferences and always dread the half our trek it takes to get anywhere within the hotel (especially from room to conference center). Most of the hotel feels outdate, I'm not sure they're doing anything to restore the rooms and hotel. A better slogan for MGM would be "There's a charge for thtat". Charge for storing your personal belongings in the mini-fridge, charge for using the pool, resort fees. Customer support and their mobile site are also pretty useless.EDIT. Came back from the strip to find all my personal belongings missing from my room. Took two hours for staff to track them down and then acted like I was crazy for misplacing my belongings. Thanks MGM, very classy.
1	GHETTOThank you and Goodnight.  Avoid this place unless you like the chances you wont make it out alive.  Especially if its a fight weekend.  Every wild animal and they mama will be up in there.  MGM, I dont like you.  Nope.
4	Upgrade!First time staying at the MGM, and we get upgraded to one of the newer rooms. Score! I was impressed. Nicely decorated, decent size and automated blinds. I'm a sucker for automated anything, and the blackout blinds were a huge plus.The bathroom was a great size and there were also plenty of outlets for all of our gadgets. The overall grounds are not my favorite, but there are plenty of amenities and restaurants to keep all types of people entertained. We noticed that many areas of the property were being updated, so I'm sure it will be even nicer in the near future. It is definitely one of the older hotels on the Strip, but still a classic. The monorail stop was a nice plus as well. It wouldn't be my first choice for hotel in Vegas, but the room was comfortable and the shows and food at this property are great. Looking forward to seeing it again in the future after the renovations.
4	First time staying here and it won't be my last. There are several things you can complain about at the MGM. The cost of food, it's too big, they charge for everything, there's a pool charge, they're too many people and the list could go on and on, but I ask you to name one other casino on the Vegas strip that doesn't come with all those same exact complaints.I enjoyed my newly remodeled room. It provided the right amount of space and was more comfortable than it needed to be. I enjoyed the some of the restaurants. Sure I only went there during happy because I'm not foolish enough to over spend on over priced food. I enjoyed the shopping amenities as well. Only shopping for things that I normally wouldn't be able to get back home. I enjoyed the pool, the jacuzzi, and working on my tan. All 3 things were free. I had an exceptional time at the MGM. My only advise would be to use your logic and to never go when there is an event being held at the casino.
1	I WILL NEVER GO BACK TO THIS PLACE EVER AGAIN !!! NEVER !!!I booked my room with Expedia and I specifically asked for a non-smoking room (it even showed so in the receipt from Expedia) however when I got to the hotel the receptionist told me that "that's only a request and they are not obligated to do that"They were very rood when I asked for a nonsmoking room and they tried make me pay for a "oops I see a nonsmoking suite but you'll have to add $50 a night" and also they changed the "resort fee" to $30 a day!!! now you would think that's it but wait... there's moreThey charged me for alcohol in the mini bar which I didn't take - and they charged me twice !!! for the same thing which I didn't use!!! and as I already paid for the resort fee when I arrived they charge me (yes again) when I checked out for the same resort fee!! so I asked to talk to the manager for whom I needed to wait 45 minutes and after an hour of insisting he finally was convinced I didn't use the mini bar (I never do)So after I got back from my vacation what do I see in my credit card records? YES they charged me twice for the mini bar and twice for the resort feeseriously I don't think a hotel should act like that - I'm never going back there and I told all of my friends that and now I'm telling you. so just to summarize:1. it's far from everything on the strip, so if you wanna go to a good show you have to walk a lot which is still faster than taking a cab cause you get all the traffic on the strip.2. they take resort fee which is a lie - basically a way for them to take money for nothing.I stayed at the Flamingo hotel before and they didn't take any imaginary fee!! 3. the reception clerks are idiots - sorry I can't find any other words to describe them. oh and of course the managers are not much better.save yourself a horrible experience - don't go to MGM !!!!
4	I love the MGM Grand. I have always been a fan but I recently had an experience that put it over the top! I had made reservations online and secured the reservation with a credit card because I knew I would be arriving late. It turned out that I arrived even later than normal due to my flight in San Francisco being delayed. Anyways, I finally got to the MGM and must have looked exhausted. The front desk clerk asked about my flight and I told him I had been delayed and hadn't eaten because I was saving my appitite for my favorite LV restaurant. The clerk excused himeself to the back and came back and offered me an upgrade! THAT HAS NEVER HAPPENED TO ME BEFORE! I was so thrilled! The room was amazing. It was like a tiny apartment with a living room, seperate bedroom, and huge marble bathroom. So nice and the perfect spot to land after a hell'ish flight in. I spent the next day at the pool. The pool is really why I fell in love with the MGM. It is huge and has a current that you can ride around on all day going from water fall to water fall. They also have pool side cocktail service and allow drinks in the pool! This most recent time we happened to see a conecert there also. The MGM is really a one-stop-shop. Every visit I make to the MGM I swear I'll never leave!
5	I am a huge fan of MGM now. I had never even been in this place before I stayed here last weekend but now I will be back. Everything went great from the check in process to the location of the room. It was fast to get from the casino floor to the room and back (something you definitely cannot say at alot of strip hotels).I stayed in one of the newly remodeled King Deluxe rooms and it was awesome - flat screen tv, marble shower, comfortable bed and electronic sunshade.
3	The MGM Grand is a great place to get a fun overall Vegas experience, but don't expect all the "bells and whistles."This is my second visit to MGM.  The property is located in an excellent location with access to most of the casinos on the South end of the strip. The Spa is amazing and the Pool area is big and well laid out.  I was a little disappointed at the West Wing accommodations as I had expected something a little more lush based on the advertisement and price.  The cafe by the pool was awful and overpriced.On the plus side, Wolfgang Pucks restaurant and Circe Du Soleil's Ka, both located in GMG, are definitely worth the upscale price.If you are looking for great access to the strip and a well rounded introduction to Vegas, the MGM is a good choice.
5	This hotel has it all.  Fun, class, customer service and great food!! I can't even begin to tell you how awesome the bartenders are. Never a bad time at this place, but I have to say don't go to their buffet. I don't know why but it's not the greatest.  So many good restaurants in the hotel though.  At all prices.  Go wherever you want, eat at whatever price you want all in the same hotel.  Go play video poker at the bar and get a free drink unlike other pretentious places. Best overall hotel on the strip.  Again, This hotel has it ALL!!
3	Stayed here over the weekend. It was a Yelp discounted rate and I think they might have made a mistake because our room for a night was $10 and the second night $100 something.Anyways, the hotel itself was ok. The lobby had no sitting area so you kind of just stood there while your friends checked in. Our rooms had broken sheers so it didn't go up. It was a remodeled room but it still smelled really bad inside like old smoke. I hated the shower because 1) it was short and 2) no water power. I like my showers to have water coming out strong. That is the only way I can feel clean to wash off the smoke of vegas.Would I stay here again? Probably not considering all the other options but for the price we got, yes.Internet wasn't too good here either. Although it was "comp" it was pretty spotty. Going to the pool from the room also was like a journey. Too bad no elevators close for guests.
5	I must say the greatest hotel experience I have recently add in my life was at the MGM Grand. I went this past weekend for a special yelp themed Spring Break event. The instant I arrived at the hotel I was was received and treated extremely well. I asked for an upgrade at the registration desk and the person who was checking me, told me she would talk to her manager. The manager came out, properly introduced herself and told me we had several upgrades available, the first one they tried to offer was their recently renovated suites, which she showed me images of in their catalog. I almost took it, but then inquired about the other suite - the properly named Celebrity Suite. The Celebrity suite was about 650 square feet, has a hot tub and a king sized bed with an awesome view overlooking the Vegas strip. She sold me at hot tub. They even were nice enough to waive my resort fee, since I was not planning to use the wi-fi or use other services.When I entered the room I was in love, it was everything they mentioned and so much more as visions of hot tub parties danced in my head. For the two days me and my buddy ED A stayed at the hotel, we were treated like royalty as each day we were given bottles of champagne and given awesome thank you cards.The hotel boasts also several pools, with Wet Republic being the most popular. The pool I must say was an awesome experience as well, with several spectacular views and the djs spinning classic club bangers. Finally the staff was great from the receptionist, to the manager, the cleaning people and the Parking attendant, who assisted me greatly when I couldnt find my parking ticket. Overall the MGM Grand was a masterful experience, and I would totally stay their again.
2	Old hotel, not a real fan of it.  But, they do have Wolfgang Puck Grill & Bar inside, which has rather reasonable pricing!
3	I have never stayed at the MGM grand but it will definitely be the next place I stay when I go to Vegas. but I did walk through and it smells SOOO GOOD!!! Not like the other hotel and casinos that reak of cigarettes and booze. really really pleasant:)
3	Lets see... MGM was just alright. nothing spectacular.  I took advantage of the Yelp Spring Break Deal and booked the room right away -- got pretty good deals!From the last time I've been here, the rooms have changed a lot. Now it's all modern looking. I guess hotels just have to be renovated in order to compete with other cooler and more luxurious hotels and to keep the guests staying. The room was alright. It was clean. The bathroom was eh. I didn't like the smell of the shower curtain. It had a mildew smell, i was gagging while taking a shower.. i had to squirt those shower gel on the curtain to use it as an air freshener. haha  The shower head was so slow.. imagine if you're at home and your other family members are using the shower at the same time... everyone's fighting for the water flow. Yeah, that's how it was. With that nice looking shower head, i thought it was a powerful one. but nope... weak. And no matter what setting i used it was just slow. Went down to the pool ... there were two big pools, 1 volleyball pool, 1 lazy river that's attached to a pool w/ waterfalls. I love the lazy river -- so relaxing. Oh and FYI..those tube / live saver thingy is $16 each to rent! i was like what the crazy!?!??! Staffs were friendly when I checked in. I like how they have the orange and lemon infused water in the lobby for guests to quench their thirst on a hot day.Other than that, MGM was just ok. Would i stay again? umm.. only if they have good deals. Otherwise between MGM and Mirage, i prefer mirage. It's cleaner and better location.
3	We came here on a recent fight night  and the place was packed.  The glitz and glam was over the top and it was quite fascinating to see all the people dressed to the nines to go and see a couple of guys beat the crap out of each other.Unfortunately that was the only memorable thing about MGM.  This place is a staple of the strip and at one point and used to be the place to go.  Now with the many upscale casinos that have popped up along the strip, MGM has become somewhat archaic.To MGM's credit, they tried to remain relevant by changing their business model in the early to mid 90's by becoming "family friendly" and building an amusement park.  Unfortunately for them that model didn't work because Vegas isn't a kids town.  That is evident by all those street vendors handing out the escort pamphlets as you walk up and down the streets.From the outside, MGM is still gorgeous.  There is something royal about that greenly lit building without the tackiness of many Vegas establishments.  The inside however could use a face lift as many of us could with age.  It seems as though they are continuously working on the entrance at the corner of Trop / LV Blvd and I would suggest they take some of that budget and move it inwards.Table prices are high as you'd expect but you can go across the street to one of the lessor known casinos and find more reasonable tables.  I still like MGM.  It is like an old shoe that is comfortable.  But even with old shoes, you eventually have to upgrade.
4	Well, I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the MGM as a part of the Yelp Elite Spring Break in Vegas.  Check-in was pleasant and my wait was minimal.  Granted I was checking in around 1030 at night, but there were still a good amount of people there checking in.My room was one of the newly renovated ones, so I was able to see what had been done.  The decor has definitely been updated and the it looks really nice.  The beds were fine, and the wall controlled window shades were great.  I have two nits about the room.  First, there is a AV plug in station for all your gadgets, which is great.  But I kind of wish it were connected to the TV.  That way I could listen to my iPod/iPhone through the TV speakers.  But, they did have a radio clock that had an adapter to play your iPod on.  Just not great quality of speakers.The second nit is the counter space in the bathroom.  There was barely any.  But... I also had a wheelchair accessible room, so I am not sure if that is part of the reason due to the extra safety bars on the walls in the bathroom.  So, this may be just the way this particular room is laid out.  But I am girl and travel with an excessive amount of crap and need the room to lay it all out.The cardio room that comes with the resort fee was not bad.  (FYI... pretty much every hotel in Vegas comes with a resort fee now and it says it everywhere when purchasing online, so I am not sure how people miss this).  It had an adequate amount of ellipticals, treadmills, and bikes, all of which were equipped with TV's.  Not to mention  it was staffed and they were cleaning the equipment in between uses.  In addition, there were snacks and drinks available for purchase.  Not sure if they have one for every set of floors that are divided by elevator banks, but I was able to get right on a machine.I also paid the $25 to use the Grand Spa facilities and the fitness center one day.  I will review that separately.  The pool complex is fine.  The one problem I had is I came in the afternoon, and at that point there were towels everywhere.  So you aren't sure if a chair is taken or not.  And more than likely it wasn't .  So I wish they had someone being more vigilant about picking up towels when people leave.  But overall, it was good. Overall, all the staff I encountered were very friendly.  And my stay was very enjoyable.  If the price were right, I would come back again recommend the new rooms to my friends.
3	So here's an update on the horror story that happened on my previous review.  After marching down to the counter the following morning, there was nothing that could be done except attempting to move us 20 floors up and for goodwill, knock off the 25 dollars a day resort fee that all mlife hotels charge.  Granted, it was a nice attempt, but at this point, my trip was pretty much ruined.  This is not the experience I want to have on vacation.  We should've had the 26th floor room to start, and nobody would be upset.  In any case Stewart was a doll. He told me to come back before 4pm to pick up our new room keys.And off we went to explore the Strip.However, near noon, I got a call from a local Las Vegas number which leaves a voicemail.  Guess who?  It's the assistant manager at MGM Grand, Shannon!Great gal, she is apologetic, sincere, and it didn't hurt that she was more than willing and able to accomodate our upset *sses.  First thing she did: check into upgrade options.  Still no go, that's ok.  Then she moved us to the 25th floor.  THEN she tapped on lifting the charges for our second night stay at the MGM.  Which being a Friday night was more expensive than the Thursday night, so hallelujah to that.  Nice lady.  Told me that they would follow upon whoever touched the account that messed it up so badly.  Wished us a pleasant stay.**Now, why is it just one star better?  Look, let's believe that the next time I'm staying at a Las Vegas hotel, it's not going to be MGM.  If my pals want to book a room, it's not going to be MGM.  But I'll give 'em a star at the attempts of Stewart and Shannon.  Great service recovery.  I still had to stay one night on the 3rd floor with a "decent" view with a no smoking room at that.  Which given that we were only there 3 days and 2 nights, makes that about 40% of the trip.  So solid customer service team, but it took too long for them to reach out to me.  Thanks, but no thanks.
5	I haven't been to the MGM since 2003 and after my recent trip to Vegas I can guarantee you it won't be another 9 years before I am back! I was so impressed with this hotel from check in to check out. I arrived at 10:30am on Saturday and was surprised to see our room was available for us even at that hour. We were told we would have a recently remodeled room too. Upon entering the room we inspected it for cleanliness and it was spotless.We then headed down to the Grand Pool for the afternoon and had a great time. We were again impressed with the fact that we were allowed to bring in our own beer to the pool provided we use their cups. No problem. There were many pools and all were clean and offered a different vibe. Just so you know, don't expect the "lazy river" to be a lazy river you've probably experienced elsewhere. There are hardly any inner tubes in the river and it is entirely 20 somethings partying it up. I was hoping for a relaxing trip down the lazy river, but it was still very fun. Thank you MGM Grand for a great experience and for treating us Yelpers so well! I will return for sure.
4	It had been over a decade since I last stayed at the MGM.  Came here during Yelps Spring break and was hoping to get into one of the newly renovated rooms but I ended up in the regular ones.  It was the same weekend as the Billboard Music award.  Too bad I didn't see any celebs.We got the first room right off the elevator.  I was thinking it was going to be noisy with all the peeps coming and going and the up and down of the elevator but it was actually pretty quite.  The 2 queens size beds were comfortable and the room spacious enough for 2 people.  Big bathroom with plenty of counter space for all the hair and makeup stuff.  On the evening of the 2nd day we were surprised with a special delivery of champagne and sweets.  We almost made the guy leave stating to him that we didn't order anything LOL.  Well he got our names right and it was a little something from the hotel to welcome us.  Im not very picky when it comes to hotel accommodations.  As I don't tend to spend much time in the hotel room.  As long as it had a comfortable bed, a TV, nice size shower with good water pressure Im happy.  That said the one thing I was disappointed about was the WiFi.  It was struggling a bit.Local ~ On the StripRoom ~ 2 Queen beds and on the 18th floor.Stay ~ Clean and comfortable.Extras ~ WiFi struggled a bit.
5	We staid at the Celebrity Spa Suite. If this is what being a celebrity feels like, then I need to learn to perform, or leak and ahem "tape". I've lived in apartments smaller then this suite. I've had a living room about the size of the bathroom. The "spa" is whirpool tub that comfortably fits 3. Marble floors and double sinks. Down feather comforter, a table, couches. Say here, and this will the he after, after party of your night.
4	First time staying here and got some awesome rates for the Yelp Spring Break Weekend!! We got HOOKED up with 2 bottles of champagne and an upgraded room. Enjoyed the eateries in the hotel and the pool area is HUGE with Wet Republic as well as 5 other areas to tan, drink, and relax.Service we received was very good, I would definitely come back.
3	Looking at the The MGM Grand from the air you will see a humongous building with lots of pools, including a 1.5 mile lazy river. Under the roof is one of the biggest casinos, a bazillion guest rooms, huge lobby with glittery gold stars on the ceiling, some restaurants and stores all around. Zoom in to one of the guest rooms and you will find nothing out of the ordinary. It was a decent enough room, but it wasn't as glitzy as the presentation space surrounding it. We had a bumpy beginning. We had to change rooms as the room they had given us had some sort of Hollywood search/spotlights right outside and I was concerned that they might light up our room at night. We then waited for security at one point to open our door because the keycard was not programmed properly. Annoying but we got through it.In another strange Hollywood moment:we were having a nap and the privacy tag was on the doorknob. Someone's knocking. Before I even barely get something on, the door opens and this guy is walking in with champagne/water/and some sort of little dessert samples. Hubby is still in bed and is not happy and tells him so.  The bellman tells us that the hotel wanted to thank us for choosing their hotel and was comping the bubbly for us. Not done with finesse I tell you that. OY! (Definitely a star loser)So the pros:Decent sized room, mostly clean.Awesome king sized comfy bed.A/C worked fine and was not noisy.Cool blackout shades that you push a button to raise up and down. Quiet even though right outside were lots of partiers.Nice views of the hills.Good sized tv.Incredible pools! I mean incredible - including the lazy river pool!!! That was awesome.. floating down a river, that topped the review back out to a 3 star.Servers were right there to serve you at the pool.Cardio room was big enough and had adequate machines.(Water bottles are not free though, unless you want to use the fountain there)Free drinks at the MGM casino.Tons of gambling machines and other gambling, and always open (that could be a con or a pro ;))A decent enough buffet on the premises. (I loaded up on smoked salmon and smoked trout for breakfast).Lots of elevators and not a lot of waiting.You can actually check in at the airport though I never saw too bad of a line in the lobby.In fact there are a few people that help you before you even get to the counter at the lobby.The maids are very friendly.In fact, most of the people working there were amiable.Cons:No fridge to put some of my own wine in. Fridge was full of their stuff that they wanted me to purchase. Even the water was 7.00 though down the street I could get same water for 2.29. I know, I know so what else is new in Vegas right? Well no reason to ignore the obvious nonetheless. Maybe they could change?Um.. long red hairs in the bathtub.. not mine or hubbys.. No coffee machine to make 1st cup before going out the door. Guess why?? Starbucks all over the hotel.Resort fee for: pool/cardio room/wifiIf I wanted to pay 15.00 more a day I could get the "special" spa cardio room. Nonsmoking not enforceable so you are smelling smoke in the halls (though the room did not smell at all)You have to walk through the casino to get anywhere.ATM in the casino wants 4.99 even though you will be taking that money and putting it right back into their machines. Slap!Location is a little off the main strip but that might just be a good thing. It's a madhouse out there. We took their buses that run up and down the strip and they are clean and have a/c of course. The stop is very close to the hotel.All in all, the hotel was decent enough for Las Vegas. It's only 10 minutes from the airport too so you can make a quick escape back home.
4	We had an awesome rate because MGM was a Yelp Spring Break partner.  From the moment we pulled up to the moment we pulled away, we were treated like VIPs the entire time.  First off, updated rooms.  LOVE!  Flat screen TV, lovely decor, comfortable beds, and most importantly QUIET.  For whatever reason, the MGM rooms were quieter than those I've stayed in at the Bellagio.  Secondly, we were treated to complimentary Veuve Clicquot champagne and sweets.  Yes, please!  Thirdly, every time we contacted the concierge, bell or front desks, we were treated with respect and the utmost hospitality.  Any questions or problems we had were addressed immediately.  We were even able to procure some photos for the Yelp Goose Chase Scavenger Hunt just by asking.  We had a few days to relax and even venture to the pool which was excellent.  I was sad that I didn't get to go to Wet Republic though.  I did hear from someone that the admission is waived for hotel guests but I don't know if that's true or not since it's normally $25.  Thanks so much to the staff at the MGM Grand for treating us so well.  I'll be sure to stay there again next time I'm looking for a hotel on the Las Vegas Strip.
5	This place is awesome, girls everywhere, location is cool. The pool, lazy river was amazing. Overall had a great stay, they renovated all there rooms.
3	Hmmm...it's kind of hard to judge the MGM at this moment because they are going through a renovation.  So I haven't seen the finished product.  But I did stay in a newly remodeled room, so I can go off that for now.What can I say about the MGM...Well, the lobby is huge and they have two huge and beautiful screens for you to watch music videos and tweets.  Actually, when we arrived to check in, the Billboard Music Awards were taking place there that night.  So we watched a little of the red carpet up on the screens, which was cool.  The lobby looked like it needed a bit of updating when compared to the newer hotels like the Aria and the Cosmopolitan.  Actually, the whole hotel could use more remodeling, but they are in the process of remodeling so I'm not sure what it will see remodeled in the future.  The MGM does have some nice restaurants like Joel Robuchon and Craftsteak, and there are nice quick places to get food such as Starbucks and McDonald's.Our room was okay.  We stayed in the newly renovated Grand King, which was nice but small.  I liked the blackout shutters and the TV, but the bathroom was small and not very impressive.  Also, the minibar is set up like a trap.  If you remove anything on the minibar or in the refrigerator, they will charge you.  If you accidentally move anything and put it back, they will charge you a restocking fee of $55.  That is just ridiculous!  Especially when coming from the Trump, where no such charge or concerns exist!  The room was new, so I'm sure in a few more months there will be a smoke smell to it.The thing that I liked the most about the MGM is their lazy river.  I just like lazy rivers, period.  And the MGM was a good sized lazy river, so I can't complain.I would probably not come back to the MGM Grand to stay.  There are just too many better options in Las Vegas to stay, so to me it isn't worth it.  Maybe after they finish their renovations, the MGM will look better.  But to be honest, what renovations that I did see didn't really impress me.
4	This was my first time staying at the MGM Grand, and I'm so glad they were a Yelp partner for the Yelp Spring Break because we got to stay for an amazing rate! Plus, the tower we were in had rooms that had been remodeled relatively recently and were super comfortable to stay in. The beds were fantastic, there was no smoke bleed from smoking rooms (a HUGE plus), climate control was super easy, great water pressure, and the water got hot very quickly. Additionally, when I had an issue with the iron in the room, they were incredibly helpful and prompt in resolving the issue. They truly have the excellent customer service thing DOWN.Oh ....look at that. I've managed to age 20 years just by writing out my hotel room checklist.On more fun extras, we were treated to complimentary goodies as a result of being there with Yelp. Thank you so much to the MGM Grand - it's a new option that I hadn't considered before, but I'd love to stay here again!
1	I have to say their customer service is a 0.5 star. I was calling to confirm my reservation at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon. Whoever I was talking to on the phone definitely either doesn't like her job or not in a good mood at all..
5	Ohhh the MGM. Large and green, it stands out as a destination on the Las Vegas Strip. I recently stayed here for 3 nights and had a great experience from the time I walked in the door. All of the employees were very friendly and helpful. I was seriously impressed with how professional everyone was. That's one of the main reasons I gave them 5 stars. I felt like everything I needed was taken care of. My room was newly remodeled in lovely modern decor. I did wish they had a balcony, but I know that's not very common in Las Vegas. It also would have been nice to have a separate mini fridge (besides the minibar) for food I wanted to eat later. I suppose I should have asked about that. The bed was amazing! I got the best sleep I possibly could, while in Vegas. If only I had a bed like that at home!! But for some reason the casino and hallways were always freezing. I'm from Phoenix, I can't handle that! I also loved the pool. It was huge with a lazy river, volleyball and waterfall pools all packed full of people having a good time. I went two days in a row and never wanted to leave! They also were so nice to hold my bags when I checked out and had some time to kill before heading to the airport. (Super close to the airport which is a plus!)Overall I really had a good time staying at the MGM Grand. It was really close to lots of other hotels I wanted to walk to and even though there was usually a line for cabs, the wait went by very quickly (they were also legit and trustworthy cabs). I would definitely stay there again if I was going back to Vegas!!
4	I stayed at the MGM Grand 2 years ago and had a wonderful time! I also went back to visit recently and it was just as great as I remembered. I normally could not afford to stay here but I got a phenomenal deal on LasVegas.com. First of all, the MGM Grand is a phenomenal location - on the Monorail as well as walking distance from some of the best attractions. The rooms are small but so chic that my boyfriend and I didn't care. They also have some phenomenal restaurants like Collicio's Craftsteak, as well as shows like the artsy burlesque show Crazy Horse Paris and for magic-lovers, David Copperfield. Part of their kitch is that they have descendants of the original MGM lion in their lion den. I was a bit horrified at first thinking of the lions being trapped in the hotel but I found out that they alternate regularly and are kept in an outdoor area for mot of their time. I would stay here again in a heartbeat as long as I could afford it.
4	We had some issues checking in with our huge group of 14 people but, once it was sorted out, we got an upgrade to a larger suite. We did have to move rooms a couple times but, I'll attribute that to my travel companions accents and the sheer size of our group.When we got settled into our gigantic new suite, the beds were amazingly comfortable and the TVs have plenty of input options. Relaxing in the room between Vegas adventures was a delight. You can completely black out the room with the automatic blinds on the windows which makes sleeping in after a long night easy.The outdoor Pools are pretty awesome as well. There's a tube run that takes you around a large area through waterfalls and misters.Also, if you're looking for a Fat Tuesday, there's an escalator in the corner of the main lobby that will take you right down to one. Don't go looking in the shopping/food court area and settle for that other margarita shop.
3	The MGM Grand is just slightly smaller than the Andromeda galaxy and hospitality is as alien to them as recycling.  There are about 30 million people in the hotel at any given time, so your odds of experiencing hospitality are 1:30,000,00 - which are better odds than getting an even break.The lobby at the MGM Grand is an acre of bare marble, with a big golden lion standing in a flower pot at the center of it.  It's a Beverly Hillbillies bus station without the benches  - you'll sit in the casino porcupine. I tried standing in the lobby, leaning up against the lion and reading the daily news, but tourists kept bothering me with request to take their picture with the lion.  I tried sitting on the floor in the lotus position, but a guy with a mop arrived immediately to mop exactly where I was sitting.  If you like sitting in hotel lobbies like I do, I recommend you bring some camp chairs with you.        The casino stretches from Tropicana on one corner of the hotel, to Las Vegas Bl. on the opposite corner. It's a king hell big money pit.  It's noisy, smoke filled, and it took my money - I hate it.  I played the penny machines.  After loosing $6 in transaction fees to the ATM, I lost the rest to that heartless mechanical one-armed bastard.The rooms were basic Wall Street meets the Poster Shop - a vending machine full of overpriced drinks and lousy mass produced hotel art.  I worked in the hotel art industry for a few years, and let me tell you, there's a boatload of money to be had selling these pathetic finger paintings to hotels, but in the end, some poor bastard from Hoboken has to sleep with the damn things - or maybe watch pay-per-view while sipping a $7 bottle of vendo-matic water.   The bed was comfortable though, and the electric blackout curtain kept the room nice and dark.The Grand Buffett was $35 but a hell of a spread.  They had breakfast and lunch going simultaneously.  I usually shopped the breakfast aisle for eggs and home-fries, then hit the lunch aisle for some salmon to make salmon hash and eggs.  The price really isn't too bad considering all of the orange juice I ordered. There is a constant pounding drone of high-energy, up-tempo, techno-electronica, bass-thumping, overly mixed music being extruded from strategically placed stealth speakers to create an ambient, universal, ubiquitous, umbrella of sound no matter where you go.  It's in the casino, the restrooms, the lobby, the sidewalk, and at the pool - they really crank it at the pool.         The Lazy Rivers pool is the best thing at the MGM Grand.  I flipped onto my back, let my ears fill with water - ahhh... the racket is gone - and float away in the current.
3	I'll get my complaints out of the way. I hate resort fees. It's so deceiving, you think you're getting a good deal then you're hit with a $25 or sometimes even more resort fee. Why can't they just do a straight forward price? That's why I like booking with Harrahs properties.The other bad thing? Our room keys stopped working after a housekeeper walked in at 10pm. Okay, first of all, if I wasn't so tired from walking around and not having slept the night before, I would have flipped out and called management on her. She had no business in our room and didn't even do a courtesy knock, just slipped her key in and let herself in our room. WTF?!This is also the first hotel I've stayed at where they don't have a double lock on the door that will let you prevent such housekeepers from disturbing your privacy even though you already have the do not disturb sign hanging on the door knob.Now that that's out of the way, here's what I liked:- Newly renovated rooms! Comfy bed, oh my! Flat screen and rather beautiful decor. Love the shades, we left it open so when I woke up at the crack of dawn, I enjoyed the view.- Grand Pool: wow, wow, and another wow. Considering that this is the first time I've ever been to a Vegas pool, I was rather impressed. Multiple pools and a lazy river? Yes, please!!! We took a lap at the lazy river and it was really fun. We didn't even have floaters, just walked and sometimes swam and floated. All their pools are 3 1/2 feet deep from what I saw.- Take the customer survey. Not only do they give you a 20% off on your next stay, you might even get a reply addressing your concerns from their management. Right now, they are undergoing renovations and are pushing reservations by offering 15% off and free buffets with two night minimum stays.Sorry MGM, can't say I'm a fan of your resort fees!
5	For our latest trip to Las Vegas, we stayed here at the MGM Grand.  This is my most frequently used hotel on the Strip, this trip was extra special.  When I booked my reservation online, I noted that my wife & I were spending our 5th wedding anniversary here.  On our second day, one of the hotel staff delivered a bottle of champagne and a tray of chocolates to our room, along with a hand-written note from the director of hotel operations.  This was a very nice and unexpected touch!
3	Our third or fourth stay @ The Grand. Nothing special nothing terrible. We used the check in at the airport to get a start on the visit. That's handy so you can avoid any lines at the font desk on the property. We had one of the remodeled rooms and compared to our previous stays, this decor is much nicer. Love the HD TV. Bed was very comfortable and we slept like logs except for one night when some drunks were arguing in the hall. A call to the front desk quickly brought security and an end to the commotion. The "resort fee" is basically just a way of disguising the true room rate but they do make it clear it is mandatory as does every other place in Vegas AFAIK. The wifi worked fine except for having to resign in every day, a minor nuisance. My wife was very disappointed the Lion Habitat is gone and replaced with Brad Garret's Comedy Club. He is now on her S$&t list. OTOH, I now have options for other hotels in Vegas since the Lions were the main reason we chose the MGM in the past. The MGM is OK but we will be making a different choice next time, perhaps the Bellagio. Even if we do stay at the Bellagio, we will definitely visit the MGM for Wolfgang Puck's Grill were the service is superb and the food is great. MGM is OK but considering the sometimes long walks to the room (not this time thanks very much), we will try another MGM Mirage property.
4	Pros:- Lots of food choices downstairs- Excellent pool/lazy river with lots of seating (came MDW 2012 and did not show up at the pool super early, but was still able to snag chairs for our group of 13)- Wet Republic!  Huge party, lots of fun- Decent location on the strip...  kind of on the end, but short/cheap cab ride to many placesCons:- Annoying $67 resort fee charged for the weekend (3 nights) that did not appear anywhere on Expedia- Huge...  too huge - it's a long walk from one end to the other, and getting from the elevator to the rooms on the ends can be quite a hike- The rooms that have not been redone are a bit dated (old school TVs)- No mirrors except in the bathroom (not great if you have 4 girls trying to get ready at the same time)- No refrigerators in the roomsOverall, not a bad experience.
4	I've stayed at the MGM Grand 3 times in recent memory. Once in their regular grand room, once in their celebrity spa suite, and most recently a mix between their executive suite & their newly renovated grand rooms. Every experience has been enjoyable, but this most recent one I have enjoyed the most because I felt like the hotel  management went out of its way to make me felt welcome. At check-in, the manager introduced herself to me and shook my hand, and then consequently sent up a complimentary bottle of champagne, 2 Fiji water bottles, and a petit four. On another day, after my bedroom had already been made-up, I came back one evening to find a copy of my invoice summary waiting on the bedside table, and also to find that the room had been made-up again. Here are some notes about the hotel:-The pool complex is humongous, and there are many different pools to choose from, in addition to the lazy river.-The hotel contains its own monorail stop, as well as a Deuce / SDX bus-stop approximately in front of it-The hotel contains a Fat Tuesdays, an awesome hole-in-the-wall slushy bar which is open late and is humorously one of the highest rated businesses on Yelp in Las Vegas-The buffet is satisfying and contains both hot and cold crab legs, which have been split in half for you (no need to peel, fortunately!). On a busy weekend, I went on a Saturday evening around 6:30pm and there was nearly no line to get in. I was glad this buffet did not play any shenanigans with its line (some other buffets like Aria make you wait forever in line even when half the seating is empty). The variety, however, at this buffet is somewhat lacking.-The in-room climate was very dry. No matter if the A/C was on, or if it was off and the window ventilation was left open, the air inside was excessively dry and felt somewhat uncomfortable to breathe.-The hotel not only charges a $25 resort fee, but also charges you several additional dollars on top of that (tax... on the resort fee)Overall, I have a very positive, lasting impression of MGM Grand and I would come back to MGM, because there is great value here and there are so many different types of rooms to try out.
1	The hotel was under construction and I was awoken at 7:00 AM to hammers and power tools.  I changed rooms to be put in another room that had excessive construction noise as well.  I then changed rooms again to one that was finally quite.  Of the 4 or 5 staff members I spoke with most could care less and simply said "they weren't supposed to make noise until 9:00 AM".  I also had a few bug bites on me from my stay which makes me a bit worried. Also, there were resort fees in the fine print of my resrvation and even though mine said the fitness center was included in the resort fees, they told me that was a mistake and would not honor it.My only positive was the pool was decent.  I still would never stay there again.
5	5 star service from our recent stay at the MGM for the Yelp Elite national event!I was so impressed with how we were treated by the staff, especially by the Assistant Manager Darren.  He took care of the issues with the invoice error and also let us check-out at a later time since we were going to the Billboard music awards that night even if the hotel was at full capacity.The renovated rooms were modern and clean, smaller than the Venetian similar decor.  What topped off the stay was delivery of champagne and sweets to our room compliments from the hotel. Awesome! We felt like we were VIP!I wouldn't have stayed at MGM if it wasn't for the Yelp promo but I'm definitely glad I did! Thanks MGM, I'll see you again!
2	I reserved my room about a month and a half in advance just so that I wouldn't have any issues.  I reserved a non-smoking, suite with two queen beds and when we checked in, it turned out that they were booked and could only give us a smoking room with a king bed!!! WTH... I make reservations to avoid stuff like this and we get slapped in the face??  We had to go for it because it was Memorial Day Weekend and the likelihood that we would find something was very slim.  Oh, and to make matters worse we didn't even get one of the renovated rooms, we got an ugly old one with a leaking faucet!  We got no apologies and no goodies in lieu of their mistake and to top it off they over charged my friend's credit card.  We will not be staying here again and I hope they get their act together.  The only reason they get two stars is because at least their pool parties were worth it.
4	The letters... MGM.As grand as it sounds.
2	Decided to give MGM another chance and I sure do regret it. The air conditioning in our room barely worked. It was always hot in our room. The water pressure in the shower was crap as well. The worse part was that they screwed up our late checkout. I paid for late checkout when I was booking the hotel online and on Sunday they told us we have to checkout at 12 instead of 4. I went down and spoke to Bri who is the reason I am not giving them a 1 star review. She talked to her manager and they let us stay until 2. Our flight was not until 5 so we went straight to the airport so we did not have to haul our bags with us. The resort fee of $25 is bullshit as well. It doesn't even include access to the gym. I will definitely avoid this place like the plague from now on.
4	Great casino and I really liked walking around inside.I was primarily there for the KA show (Cirque de Soleil) which was pretty awesome. I didn't stay here, but I'm sure it's pretty nice with a pretty price :)
3	3.5 stars, but rounded down, because ultimately, I won't be back here until they finish construction. When that happens, it might actually be a 4 star experience.Check in was quick and painless (service overall in the hotel was very good), and the room was ready when we arrived at 2:30PM. Room itself was pretty nice. The recent renovations certainly give an air of newness to the room, and nothing looked run down or gross. One of the towels did have a yellow stain on them. That towel went straight to the floor.Casino is decent, and I was asked if I wanted a drink consistently whenever I decided to start losing money, so that's good.However, being awoken from 6-8am in the morning by trucks beeping and dumping things is no bueno. I mentioned it at check out and they comped me the resort fee, which was nice, but bad sleep is one of my big pet peeves, so I'm actually being nice by not giving them 1 star, haha.Their pool facilities are actually pretty grand. The lazy river is cool, but the opposite of lazy. Lots of young 20s something getting drunk and rowdy. Definitely a younger place. They do have other pools, some designated for family, for water volleyball, and for lounging. Definitely something for everybody.And while you're here, definitely check out Ka, which is a great show.All in all, if construction finished and the price was right, I'd come back here, but for now, I need to try the other hotels on the strip.
3	I stay here few times a year because I have comped stays and discount rooms.The resort is really nice. The pool, lion habitat and casino are all awesome.They also just renovated one of the towers, so all the rooms are pretty nice.Keep in mind this hotel is on the very south end of the strip. It's a long way's from everything else in the middle of strip.The Coke Cola Store and M & M store are right next door.One thing that bugs me about this place is the looooonnnnng walk i have to take when I want to get back to my room. I have to go through like two parts of the casino, thousands of people, just to get up.
4	For the inaugural Yelp Spring Break, the girlfriend & I stayed 3 nights at the MGM Grand. I booked the room through the YSB link on the Las Vegas Elite Events page which was triply convenient: Yelp had secured a group rate, booking with the link guaranteed YEE admission & MGM was only a short walk from the 1st YSB YEE.In addition to all the the Yelp-y convenience, the MGM Grand was an overall nice to place to stay on the Strip for a few days. The highlights were the room & all the amenities available in & around this vast & cavernous building. The not-so-greats were the resort fee & a labyrinthine layout seemingly designed to make exits hard to find.Our room had smart, modern decor, flat-panel TV & was spotlessly clean. Lowering the blackout shade over the wall-to-wall window could turn the room totally pitch black in the middle of the blazing bright day, which was much appreciated since we were keeping vampires' hours. The bed was comfortable enough to induce coma.There were miscues to the room, however. There was no coffee maker or microwave or mini-fridge in the room. There was a refrigerated mini-bar in the room, but don't touch anything inside of it unless you want to pay for it. That also goes for just moving stuff around in there. Apparently, MGM will charge some kind of $ fine to your hotel bill if you move the contents of the mini-bar to refrigerate your own stuff.As far as amenities go, the sprawling MGM Grand property has: nearly 2 dozen eateries, bars & clubs, cardio room, a gigantic multi-level parking garage, a monorail station, the Grand Pool, the Grand Garden Arena & of course, the huge gaming areas of the casino. I don't gamble at all, so no comment on that last feature. The Grand Pool is cool, definitely worth checking out during any stay here.All of this stuff on premises contributes to the aforementioned labyrinthine layout. There are no signs anywhere with directions to any exit. Even on our 3rd day there, the girlfriend & I were finding new, unplanned & unintended ways to get from our room to outside of the building & vice versa. I guess it's not in the best interest of MGM's profits to make it easy to leave.Then there's the resort fee. A minor complaint, really. It's $25/ day for parking, Wi-Fi in the room & use of the cardio room + access to the Grand Pool could be considered something "resort." I got a good enough basic rate on the room that an added $25 was still a good deal for the level of the amenities. Just be aware when booking here that what you really pay is the room rate + the resort fee.The MGM Grand was home away from home for the girlfriend & I during Yelp Spring Break. Using the Yelp arranged group rate, it was a comfortable & convenient home away from home for not a whole lot of $. Thank you MGM Grand & Yelp for the hospitality.
5	Dear MGM Grand,I love you. I love you like a ant finding a piece of sugar and carry it back to it's anthill... I love you like that.I did stay here because of a Yelp event, but I could had stayed anywhere else really. I could had stayed at the Aria, Stratosphere, and even Platinum.... but no. I chose the MGM... why? Because it's high end without the price. I got a King Room with a view! Loved it! 27th floor. Woot!My fiance and I loved it. ROOM:Clean. Fridge. TV. LOTS OF PILLOWS (This is a plus for me). And surprisingly... OUTLETS next to the bed!!! Don't you hate it when you need to charge your phone and you have to find a plug and then you see the lamp is tied to the plug and then you have to find another source because you need lights? Then you have to leave your phone ON the floor... Not here! Outlets attached to the lamp, biatches!!! Aw yeah, +1 Star for me.Free Wifi - SWEETNESSThe shades were SO COOL. Press button for shade, press button for ULTIMATE BLACKNESS. BATHROOM:Spacious... and LOTS of towels. YES. I love you.CONDIMENTS:All fancy and it worked. I had jasmine scented shampoo and conditioner and soaps and lotions. The quality... eh... I've had better, but it was a big amount per night ratio (As an Asian, I look at that). BONUS:We received a Welcome Champagne and chocolates and water from the hotel - mainly for yelp stuff but honestly... I've been to the MGM before without champagne and it was pretty sweet still. So the fact they gave us it, I would had given them 6 stars. RESORT FEES: Umm... I'm a sweet-talker. Just gonna say that. But if I did get the fees, you bet I would be at the pool and gym using ALL the amenities. The Asian in me would be all up on that. SERVICE:Front desk was so nice and easy checking in and out... it was the Billboard Music Awards that weekend and I was still treated well... Sweet. OVERALL:Love this place. Yes, I'd stay at the Lion again.
1	My friends and I decided to give MGM a try even though we're regulars at Encore and the Venetian for our trip this time around. We stayed from June 8th-11th. It was the same weekend as EDC and the Pacquiao fight so we knew it was gonna to be a busy weekend. However, what my friends and I didnt expect was all the issues we had in getting our room and keeping our room. Their systems were down so there was a long wait, but when we were finally assigned a room we were upgraded, which was nice until my friends went up and found out there was already a guy in there. So fine, mistakes happen, we were then downgraded back to the originally booked room, but our keys didn't work. Then after FINALLY getting into the room, a random stranger tried getting into our room telling us MGM assigned him to ours. Good thing we were inside the room, what would've happened if we were gone and strangers had taken our stuff? We left, had a bite to eat, and came back to find our keys not working AGAIN. Finally, after dropping by the concierge desk the fourth time, we had no more incidents our first day there.... Until the next day. A manager knocked on our door and let himself in without our consent and with the privacy tag attached in front of the door and he said our room didn't have a name or booking attached to it... Are you kidding me? There's a privacy sign outside our door first of all and we went down to the concierge multiple times after multiple screwups and you're telling me our room didn't even show up as assigned to us? This was our first and LAST time we are ever staying at MGM.
4	I will start with a tip. It has a great parking lot. You can access it from either Koval or Tropicana; basically what I am saying is parking on the strip with out having to drive on the strip! Now to the hotel itself, the last time I stayed here the room was great, a good size and quite clean! If go during pool season, they have a wide variety of pool areas from the raucous to the serine to the family friendly. They also have plenty of restaurants of all types from the very casual to high end.
4	Good location. Has both expensive and low cost food. Something for everyone. Bed is comfortable. They just need new tvs!! Tube tv is so 90's. Hotel is always clean and rarely do I smell smoke in the casino. Resort fees are  a joke especially since the tubes are outrageous to rent for the lazy river. They should be included complimentary.
1	Brought my employees to Vegas for a trade show. When I arrived I bought some swimming trunks at the shop in the lobby. Today I left and never got to use the trunks ( still had the tag on them). When I tried to return them the lady in the shop was so rude to me saying I could not return swim warn even though it was obviously unused with the tag still on it. I just spent $3000 at this hotel and casino and I cant get a $28 return on an item.  Was going to get one of those mlife memberships as we will be returning three times a year to Vegas, but now I'm taking my business elsewhere.
3	I had a mixed experience at the MGM.  When we first arrived, we were told to call a certain number to check if our room was ready.  We did around one and the woman who answered was really rude.  We called again at two and the woman snapped at me and hung up.  I called guest services and spoke with a very sweet manager named Monique.  I explained to her what was going on, and she could not have been more apologetic.  She bought us lunch and changed the woman answering the phones, because when we called back around three, we spoke to a very pleasant woman, and our room was finally ready.  LOL.  The room was basic, and with all the taxes, resort fees, breathing fees, etc, our room was $300 per night.  Definitely too high for such a simple room.  We didn't even have a mini bar. (Although, that may have been a blessing in disguise.)  The casino is well laid out, and easy to navigate even after, uh hem, a few glasses of sangria at Wolfgang Puck's. They check room keys at the elevator to keep everybody safe, which I really like.  Plus, I won $400 on the slots.  The casino gets five stars. LOL.We went to a bar called Taboo.  Free booze = yes.  The bartender on the far side close to the DJ on Friday, June first, was a complete jerk.  He glared at me when I asked to give him my credit card so I could tip him, since everything was free.  Then he bit the head off a girl who asked if she could smoke.  It was really weird.  I have never met an angry Vegas bartender until now.  The DJ was also SUPER pretentious.  He refused to take requests, had his own security, (give me a break) and only played about 20-30 seconds of each song.  We stayed until the free booze was cut off and made a break for the Rouge Lounge, which was awesome, and had great bartenders.Now on to my favorite part.  The LAZY RIVER!!  Okay, whose idea was it to make a lazy river, inner tubes with handles, and serve me (wildly expensive, but delicious) fruity drinks?  Because I love you.  We had a blast!  It was the most fun I've had in Vegas!  Great people, clean, cool water, strong drinks, awesome music, and on and on.  We went to the producers' pool after the lazy river closed and the security guys were such jerks!  They kept yelling at people for making out, smoking, being drunk, etc.  Um, are we in Vegas or in church?  Those guys need to chill out, or find a new job. IT'S VEGAS, for crying out loud.  Sheesh.I was torn as to how many stars I should give.  Monique, the lazy river and Wolfgang Puck's get five, but the other staffers, the cost, and Taboo get one.  So I gave three.  I may try a different hotel next time, but this one had some good points. :)
4	The service was better then the room and the room wasn't bad.  I've stayed in better rooms but to have the UFC fight right downstairs while I'm there and to get comped for that night and NYE I couldn't complain.  I even left my airport router there and was able to call and have it found and held for me on my next trip.  It was a bit of a pain in the ass process getting it back, but that will make it easier to remember next time.  I look forward to going into this resort whether I'm playing, eating, staying or seeing an event.
4	Great service! We had an issue at check in that was quickly resolved by a manager who gave us his card and called us up later to assure that everything was taken care of. The next day the sent us a bottle of champagne with some desserts. It was a very nice surprise.The room: nice clean and comfy. Temperature was alway perfect. Never touched the thermostat. Electronic black out and sheer shades were awesome!The casino: is  huge so be prepared for a lot of walking. Especially to the pool. I had to walk from the pool to the strip and it took me about 20min.The pool: has got to be the best thing about MGM. Specifically the Lazy River! Wow! What a unique experience. We just floated around the whole time stoping at different spots, meeting all sorts of people and doing a whole lot of laughing! It's such a different atmosphere than the club pools full of super drunk, high maintenance douche bags and plastic barbie dolls.I'm so glad we had an opportunity to stay here. Now I'm hooked on MGM. Can't wait  to come back!!
5	tried to get in and was told no sleeves no service so as i walked away i seen a table of ladies wearing hardly anything. the bathing suits shown almost everything ..... if your a man then watch out you might not get in this was at the emeril resteraunt at the mgm grand ....... mgm grand it's self was great pricey but great we had our room upgraded due to over booking but the emeril resteraunt was not good!!!
5	The MGM grand is first class. Very classy starting with the valet all the way to the people that clean the rooms. Very polite and everyone treats you with respect.I took there offer to upgrade when I checked in and boy am I glad it was only a few extras bucks but really worth the extra. I highly recommend to stay here. Its in the heart of the strip you can walk to everything from this hotel. When I return in a few months I am staying her again.Thank you MGM
1	I booked this hotel five months in advance for our wedding HORRIBLE!!! We booked a suite with a nice view of the strip but were given a room with a nice view of the parking lot!!! Apparently they had over booked. So we asked to be changed to a diffferent room. This time we were given a nice room but it was a smoking room. So again we asked for a room that was NON smoking. No luck unless we wanted a parking lot view. So we decided we would take the smoking room with a nice view. Except that during all the changing of rooms they ended up giving that room away to someone else!! The salon was just as hectic. I was due to have my hair and make up done three hours before the wedding. Disaster!!! I had informed the salon when booking the appointment that my hair was exteremely long. I was told that was no problem that there would be an additional charge for my hair being so long. Fine with me but the appointment took longer than the time they told me. TWO HOURS!!!! I was two hours behind schedule for my own wedding. I wish I could say that it was worth it but it WAS NOT!!
4	MGM Grand is just a lovely old classic.The first time at MGM was when my friend's mom had a room. The bathroom was large and glamorous and the room in general was cozy and home-y. Quite comical, the television was tucked away in a cupboard and had a back. My friend also had tickets to the David Copperfield show!The second time, my boyfriend and I was just visiting MGM. Still it remains the same classic hotel and casino.
1	My girlfriend and I stayed for three nights at Mgm Grand. The first night before bed we looked at the sheets on the bed, and noticed hair all over the bed sheets. we also noticed heavy wrinkles and dirt stained sheets. Gross!!!!  It took over an hour to get the sheets changed by house keeping, we were sitting in our room at 1 am while they were doing this. I will never stay here again if this is how much they care for their guests!!! Mandalay bay would be my first pick next visit. Not a very "grand" stay let me tell you. In the hotel lobby area you will be greated by a octogon cage for fighting, a very tacky, un family like promotion of violence.
5	I am a FAN of the PLACE.  I love staying here.  The POOL is awesome no doubt its always a fun day at the POOL here.  I have stayed at Mirage, Mandalay Bay, Venetian, Hooters, Hard Rock, Flamingo and sooooooooo on. But MGM is still the BEST!!!They have everything I want while in VEGAS, Fat Tuesdays, Sushi Restaurant that is delicious, Cigars DAVIDOFF shop, Lounges, and so much more.  If you come to Vegas stay here in the WEST WING area its a cool spot to stay!
3	MGM is indeed grand, in fact it is big as shit! A huge hotel and casino with great shops, bars, and restaurants. the restaurants run the ganut from food court fare to fine dining. The MGM has a great feel to it, big and impressive. They no longer have the lion habitat, that's a bummer. Pool is fantastic and a great way to spend the day in a desert. The casino is laid out well, and service in the casino is great. You can easily spend three to four days in the MGM Grand and not run out of things to do, it is truly a city within the city.
3	If you're used to Wynn or Encore, go there instead. MGM Grand is a very big, cool place. The rooms are decorated very nicely (modern). No matter where we went in the hotel, the food/bev people were great. Front desk crew was both efficient and extremely helpful. The pools are fun - lazy river is great. Bar service at the pools is excellent. My beefs with this place are its security staff and how the hotel runs Wet Republic. First, the spectacle that is Wet Republic is worth the trip. Eye candy central with lots of craziness. $17.50 for a mid-grade 6 oz call-cocktail and near $100 buckets of Bud Light left me feeling REALLY violated. The security staff and entry routine at Wet Republic is absolutely rediculous. I think MGM grand rounded up every mall cop reject with a petty power trip they could find. Two gates + a VERY aggressive frisk and bag check routine left me pretty sour on the place from the start. I've had much better treatment from TSA officers, much more often. Optimism prevailed and a decent time was had. I'm an urban professional in my mid-40's (i.e. not a suspicious looking person). Yet, this tone within the security department was felt in most places throughout the property. The security people at the MGM just need some additional interpersonal training. I left with a tainted feeling like I wasn't quite treated like a paying guest. Maybe I'm just spoiled by places that treat me like that instead.
3	3.5 stars. Upgrade for MGM! My friend got a room here for the 4th of July holiday - $55 one night and $75 the other night. At that rate, I didn't care if the room was going to be shitty like last time!Yay! They updated the rooms. The decor is much better and our room was clean. The shower wasn't a sandblaster and the water came in all temperatures! The outlets were able to hold on to our phone chargers!I hated the bed we had though. I barely slept and I have never been so happy to get home and sleep in my own bed in my life. BF didn't particularly care for the bed either, but at least he was able to sleep on it. I spent more time in the casino on this visit than I did last time and I did enjoy it. This place wouldn't be my first choice to stay when looking for a room in Vegas, but I guess if I can get rooms for $55 I would stay here again.
3	Stayed here last week. I have very mixed emotions to share about this place. hhhmmm, where to start?1. stayed in a executive king suite. nice room, but was surprised at how small the tv was in this room. Family stayed across the hall in queen suite, tv just as small. 2. they have airport check in which is a big ++++++++++++ and express check out where you can just drop a card in a box and roll out if you do not want to wait in a long line.3. Too big!  as big as this place was it was so crowded you could not move. seems like a party place. I recommend for twenty something year olds to get drunk, scream, act abnoxious and hook up but not for couples or if ypu are looking to relax. 4. Too many little kids as well running all over, stepping on your toes in the elevator.5. very loud continous music playing everywhere, inside and outside of hotel. It was so loud, you 2would hit the button for the elevator and miss it because you could not here the bell when it arrived. This was nuts.6. great eats, great shopping!7. concierage tracy plaven and her team are top notch. Made trip enjoyable!8. Pool area is awesome!  very large, multiple pools. However, even though the lazy river was awesome, you  may want to grab chairs at another pool area there unless you like hundreds of little kids between the ages of 4-12 screaming and running all over. 9. great hot tubs!10. over all it was nice, not great, but nice. Probably would not stay here again because the overall impfression I get was it is a meat market, very loud and the construction taking place was very annoying. We didnt even have water one morning which was quite an inconvenience and when you called the front desk about it to find oiut why, they were quite. I don't know if I would recommend this place or not, depends on your intentions when going to Vegas.
4	We booked this hotel in early June using a Facebook offer for upgraded room.  $85 for the first night (Sunday) and $68 for the second (Monday). While this would seem like a good deal, add in tax and the mandatory $25 per night resort fee and the "deal" disappears.  Since all of the Vegas hotels are doing this, I cannot hold this against the MGM Grand specifically.We stayed at the MGM Grand at a time when the hotel was undergoing a major renovation.  However, this did not really cause any inconvenience, and the hotel staff gave ample time when notifying us that some services might be affected during our stay.The room itself was VERY nice.  Large, comfortable bed, very clean.  Great view.  Hallways very quiet and no noise whatsoever from adjoining rooms.We did visit the Grand Buffet and I have to say that this particular buffet is not as nice as buffets at nearby hotels.We did like the new M program offers by the MGM Grand, especially as it is accepted at all of the MGM-owned hotels - and on the Vegas Strip, that's a lot.Overall, while we would consider different hotels during our next visit (just for variety), we would definitely stay here again.
4	I always seem to gravitate to MGM for food and gambling.Foodwise, is outstanding.Wolfgang Puck, 2 Tom Colicchio, a Michael Mina, Emeril, and more.There is decently priced gambling here, especially at off hours.Nothing below $5 really.Craps is usually $10.I've stayed here a few times...West Wing, which we really liked! I think it is being renovated right now though...Recently stayed in a renovated King, which was really nice.My only complaint about the bathroom, is there needs to be a second light switch for the bathroom. When you try to quietly go pee at 4am, and not wake up your friend, its hard when a blast of light comes out of the bathroom.I've had packages delivered to their business center, which is right beside the lobby desks, which worked flawlessly. Make sure to put your name, and reservation number, and they can deliver it to the room.Hooker watching is hilariously fun here...The monorail is also an easy way to get around, especially if you want to get around the crowds. It is air conditioned too. Definitely key.Wifi is worked into your resort fee. It is spotty, but works when you need to quickly look at something.
1	The only good thing about this hotel is the food at Wolfgang but that was it. Friends kept talking about MGM and I remember when MGM was opened so thought why not try it for mother's weekend. I took my mother, her best friend and her mother to MGM 2 queen bed suite. We met up with my mother's other friends who came so it was nice weekend for her. The service was rude from nearly the beginning. There was only one great woman at check in when we arrived early but she was replaced by a man who had no clue what to do and couldn't find our reservation, he needed help and was so slow. He took at least half hour. Not only that, my mother overhead him talking about us on the phone nastily like he thought we were making it up about our suite, she got so displeased and I had her to walk away. Then I had to get a manager to try to finish the check in process. Then went to the luggage section so they can check in our bags and the guy said no u have to go to other line but the couple behind us in the other line went to the guy and he checked in their bags! There was construction and no signs pointing where the strip was or anything else. It was very time consuming to ask workers how to get on strip or get to a specific location. Some of them pointed to the wrong way. We had to call twice and go down in person to request more clean towels. It was a suite yet no coffeemaker in the room. We had to go to Starbucks. The pool was nice but hotel should do more to clean up glass/beer can/bottles that fall in the lazy river. My mom gambled a bit and we ate in hotel, yet when I called the M life reward I found out NOT one was credited to my players card. It is as if we never were at MGM Grand. Next time I would stay in their sister hotels like New York (where I have stayed at least four times) or Mandalay Bay. Even Excalibur offered better services and was so friendly. There is an expo happening end of July and I already informed my friends NOT to go to this hotel. They will be staying at Luxor, Treasure Island, Planet Hollywood instead. MGM needs to implement a plan to improve their  customer service.
4	Pretty cool experience. Came here for my son's 21st birthday, and they carded him immediately. They made a big deal about about his birthday, it was a great experience. He won a lot on the machines, which made him happy.
3	Great hotel! Downside was we had to walk down a long hall to the elevator, get off the elevator and walk down another long hall to get to our room. We have never stayed in a place that was such a pain. I'm sure there are rooms where this isn't the case but it kind of ruined the hotel for us. No we aren't heavy outbid shape people who don't like to walk; it was a huge hassle compared to all the other hotels we've stayed in.The room and the hotel itself were very nice!
4	TRES bien mais TRES (TROP) grand :p
1	Let me just first say that I am EXHAUSTED. Not from being up all night or from a hangover, but from the construction noise. Construction noise directly overhead from 9am to 3pm is terrible. I'm on vacation, in Vegas; I wanted to sleep past 9am. The power was out one night. On Wednesday we didn't have water to our room from 11am-4pm. Please believe nothing was discounted or comped. We booked the room directly through the hotel because my husband wanted to make sure that we got a non-smoking room. When we arrived in Vegas at 3pm we were assigned to a smoking room. No go. Then we were told that another room was not going to be available to us for several hours and were given a phone number to call later to check on it. Several hours later we were in a room. It is a very standard/basic room. No fridge, minibar,  or coffee maker. The TV is an old hulking thing. The bed is very comfortable though (although it doesn't help much when you can't sleep for the noise.) The shower head could definitely be replaced.The casino is very large with a lot of options. You have to walk through a mall area to get to the pool (unless there is some secret, convenient passageway I couldn't find). I stayed at Mandalay Bay last time I was in town, and while more expensive, it was definitely more comfortable and enjoyable. The staff was much nicer, too. The one good thing about MGM is that it is central to a lot of the other hotels and casinos, so I was able to spend most of my time at NYNY, which I liked much better. Also, the lions are gone, so don't waste your time coming to look for them. There really isn't much here that has made up for the noise and irritation, and I will definitely book elsewhere next time I'm in Vegas.
3	I've stayed here once, and never again. Only because it's a journey to get from the lobby to your room, its just so damn big. The guest rooms on the other hand are the tiniest rooms I've stayed in Vegas for the regular room.The casino and everything is fine, we actually didn't end up eating anywhere in this hotel, but overall, the stay here was just okay, and I would've enjoyed staying elsewhere that didn't have such a monstorous lobby to get in and out of and getting a larger room for the price.
2	My husband posted about our trip too but I also want to post my own review given this was my first Vegas trip...So first time going to Vegas and we show up stand in line FOREVER! Seriously if it wasnt for the nice lobby with music videos playing I'd feel like I was at the DMV. After waiting at least 20+ minutes for just the 2 people checking in before us (yes only 2 people) we finally get to the counter to find out our reservations were cancelled for some unnamed reason. Wait, what? Why? Couldnt tell us why and of course nobody from the hotel called prior to just cancelling us... We ended up getting our reservation re-opened and moved to a closer room to our friends that were a floor above us. Which was fine since it was a nicer room than what we originally paid for. (Hence keeping a star for that) BUT I had to ask for it (aka play a little hardball), even though the woman at the desk said they dont do "upgrades for free" after getting our reservation cancelled and it being a birthday weekend she opted to help us out. So the delux king it was rather than a petite king. Cool, thanks... 2nd star was for the decent room. It was a little dated but comfortable, nice large bathroom, comfy bed, decent view of the mountains... But thats about where it ended. I realize I was in Vegas and people are there to party... all night... But I couldnt believe that there was no hotel security or something of the like to keep people respectable in the hallways to the rooms. I'm sorry but when I am ready to sleep I dont appreciate people hooting and hollaring just outside our room, which pretty much sounded like they came right in our room to yell. The sound of people going to and from was actually pretty bad. Knowing I am a light sleeper and can get pretty grumpy when my sleep is interrupted I went to the over priced little store near the lobby/elevators and purchased ear plugs. Those helped a lot and allowed me to get some decent sleep. I am very thankful that the little store carried them otherwise I'd not be doing very well. Ok lets talk about the pool area... Good Lord it was CROWDED! But with my group of people we stayed in the Lazy River and ended up having an awesome time despite there not being any chairs or place to sit near the pool itself. We did take over some tables by the food area and werent bothered by staff at all for leaving our stuff there so it was cool. I quickly learned that even though there were tons of people in a rather small area everyone got along. Normally big crowds and booze lead to stupidness but everyone was great, all there just to have a good time. So if you are hesitant to try the lazy river because of how many bodies are in it, try it anyway. It was a great way to spend 4 hours and beat the heat and humidity. Seriously our trip was full of high and low points... High point at check out was the gentlemen that checked us out was really nice and ended up comping us on a few things because of the hassel of what we went through with getting our $75 food credit that we got with our room with booking thru the hotel and for the random cancel... We appreciated him, but upon checking our credit card statement when we got home there are now some pending charges that we dont understand WHY they are there. When we called the hotel the lady that answered was incredibly rude to my husband and literally wouldnt let him finish a sentence to try and explain what we were seeing on our credit card statement. So we're opting to wait and see how those pending charges get handled and go from there... So beware when staying here. Make sure you check your statements after your stay...Over all for the absolute hassel of staying at this place I probably wont be back unless we are with another group again. The Lazy River wasnt enough to make me want to spend my hard earned dollars here. *IF* I did come back I would most likely try the Signature instead. After reading their reviews it sounds more like what I'd appreciate in a room and they have their own check out staff that are probably less crowded. The place is huge and can get fairly confusing to try and get anywhere but after a few trips up and back we were finally able to get our bearings and navigate. Final thoughts... The MGM looks really nice, its a beautiful property but service leaves a lot to be desired and their rooms are needing the current renovation that they are doing. But, the construction thats happening (that we thankfully didnt hear unlike our friends that got woken up at 9am by jack hammering) I think they should close off many more floors so that when you roll into bed at 4am you dont get woken up at 9am. Its not like the MGM can't afford to do so... Next time I am in Vegas I plan on going elsewhere...
3	Well one year later and I was back at MGM this weekend. There is a ton of construction going on including jackhammering (!!) by the slot machines and a complete revamp of the exterior. The rooms have also been recently renovated and look a lot more sleek and modern. I still don't particularly care for MGM because it is a total cluster. The registration area is always completely swamped despite the fact that there are like a hundred desks and I've never at any other hotel had to wait to get on the elevator. At MGM there are always about 20 people with suitcases and kids with inner tubes waiting to go up. MGM is a hotel for Vegas newbs and since I've been coming here since I was 6 weeks old, I really just can't handle that anymore!.
4	Great hotel, especially for the Beachbody Coach Summit in 2012 and soon again in 2013.The rooms are great now that they are renovated and I found all of the staff to be helpful and nice.Every hotel is going to be huge in Vegas and this hotel was no exception, but once I found my way around, it was easy.I like that it was so south off the strip and close to the freeway and airport.I paid less for the newly renovated rooms than the signature suites and I really didn't feel that the Signature Suites were really all that much better except that they have a refrigerator that you can use.If they can filter their air so that the smoke isn't noticeable at all, they'd be a 5
5	Wonderful room, comfy stay. My kids loved the lazy river and pools.
1	Wow this place sucks.   Overpriced, small dingy rooms (I got stuck in the west wing despite paying the same as companions in the regular rooms).   Towels had holes and they forgot to lock my room after cleaning so when I came back it was unlocked.  I mean come on.   My favorite was when two of our party checked in and found out their rooms had no water due to construction.  When they complained and mentioned they should have been told they were told oh we don't know when it is going to happen.  I had heard about that .. random construction firms going into hotels and doing it on their schedule not the hotels.   Give me a break.  A truly bad hotel.
4	I went for something that they don't always have there.  I went for a hair show, but they also had food, and it was around the pool.  It was awsome, but hot, which had nothing to do with MGM.
4	I loved my King suite while staying at the MGM. I have never been to Vegas and everyone I talked to said to stay there. The room was awesome and more than I expected. We had an amazing view of the strip :) We went to all the casinos and I was extremely happy to have stayed at their casino. I will be back :)
1	NO RUNNING WATER IN MY HOTEL ROOM. I flew to Las Vegas for a business trip. I checked into the MGM Grand hotel on Sunday, July 22, 2012. After around 5 hours later of checking into the hotel room and returning back to the room (from the trade show that I attended) there was a red light flashing on the hotel phone. It was a voicemail message letting me know that the whole wing that I was staying in would have no running water tomorrow, the next day between 11am-4pm. How could they check people into a hotel room with no running water? I called front desk and spoke to a very nice gentleman who transferred my call to a different department that handled my reservation.  I spoke to a woman (named (De****) and asked if we could be moved to another room because of no running water. De**** told me that I should call back in the morning to see if there would be any non-smoking room available.  I checked out early and ended up staying at a different hotel because of the front desk employee downstairs (letter starts with La*****") who was so rude about helping me find a different room.
4	I love gambling here, I love Wet Republic (the hip pool party zone) and I love to eat here, but I haven't paid to have a room here in over 10 years.  Their prices are a bit too much.Everyone should definitely come here for the variety in restaurants, their gaming tables and their awesome, extremely large pool area.  If you're planning on attending Wet Republic get there early because the line to get in gets long quick.  Make sure you hit up Joe Meyer (bartender) and tell him to surprise you!!! He makes the best drinks!Also, MGM Grand has the best venues for boxing matches and concerts.
4	My family checked in on july 22 2012. My mom had a conference here so our room was Free: ) Wet republic was not that crowded and the lazy river was fun. Renting tubes was $10 for the day. Also we attented the cirque do soleil production ka. It was amazing especially the stage. Overall our rooms were clean and we enjoyed our stau.
2	This used to be my go to hotel every time I stayed in Vegas - the pool is SO much fun, whether it's Wet Republic or the lazy river, wide variety of restaurants, and I loved the ambiance and the crowds there.  The past few times I've tried to get a room there, the rooms have been ridiculously expensive so I ended up staying elsewhere. The thing that gets me about many other Vegas hotels now, including this one is the HUGE fee they are charging for a "resort fee".  MGM is now up to I believe $25 per night which is a huge reason why I haven't even been checking room rates here anymore when I visit - it's not even worth it.  SUCH a rip off.
5	I've partied and hung out in this casino multiple times, great atmosphere and great dining choices. Finally got a room here and they are nicely furnished !  nice clean place with great staff. The pool was pretty awesome with its lazy river,  only bad thing was an emergency alarm blasted thru the hotel speakers at 8am and lasted for approx 20 min.  Not good after a hard night of partying. Besides that I would highly recommend
4	Great hotel! Stayed there with my husband and the staff were extremely friendly and helpful considering how HUGE it is there. It's like it's own little mini village and of course coming down and seeing tigers laying around made me feel right at home!I will go back there again for sure this year for the holidays.  Big Rooms too.
4	Average hotel.My dad rented the room,I went inside but I didn't sleep there.
5	I love the MGM Grand in Las Vegas.  We stayed in the West wing and the room was just perfect.  No noise whatsoever so when we had to crash after our all nighters around Vegas we actually got to sleep in.  Their bed was super soft and comfy.  They have a vast array of restaurants, bars, shops, gaming, etc.  We had the munchies one night and I actually went down and grabbed some burgers in my pajamas!  Within walking distance to everything; if you don't want to walk just use their train/tram thing they have upstairs.  It is well worth it, about $8 a day per person and I think it's connected to all casinos on the strip.
2	Good Location, nice rooms. Check in was a disaster, considering I spoke English. Our person checking us in was not, and did not like that I did not understand her. Had to get another person to translate what I was requesting. NO comps for difficulties. Manager seemed to not want to deal with the situation. Overpriced on a regular day. We got a deal to try out the place since we had heard so much good. Won't go back, so many others that are great. La Quinta has better service at checkin.
5	one of my fav's.  stayed here 3 times and got upgraded each time for free.PRO's-hotel is amazingly huge, lobby is nice, checkin fast, staff is super attentive, casino is huge, almost maze like =) very nice decorative hallways and elevators, lots of shops and resturants for all price ranges which was a plus for me.  Rooms were by far the biggest for vegas standards. central air, adjustable beds, comfy pillows, robes, free wifi, awesome strip views, marble bathroom, double sinks, tub, and seperate shower, spa toiletries. Overall an amazing hotel for a standard price. they can actually charge more for the size of the rooms. free addmission to pool sundays for wet-republic.CON's- at night the hotel is popping in the casinos and bars so it can take a while to get through to the elevators to get to the rooms, and to get seated at a restaurant.  Valet was terrible. DO NOT DO valet.  their ticket times are average 10 mins, its faster to just go to the parking garage.
3	Me and my girlfriend stayed here in July and got a room in the West Wing Hotel. Comfortable bed, but thats about all i can say. The rest of the room is all for looks. There was no refrigerator and no microwave and we ended up wasting a lot of food. The ice bucket was waaaay too small and we ended up filling the sink with ice making it useless. There was a bright green light coming in the window all night and it was annoying. At one point the tv wouldnt turn off and i call to call the main desk and have them send someone up to fix it. When he got there it only took a press of a button to fix it. Why didnt they tell me to do that on the phone? Sorry buddy no tip. I hated the bathroom set up. Theres no tub, and theres jut a glass door for the bathroom which was a little uncomfortable because the whole room can hear you. There is a stupid pointless tv screen in the dead center of the mirror in the bathroom. It makes no sense, we didnt use it, and it just got in the way when my girlfriend needed the mirror. Im only giving this room 3 stars because it was very convenient for getting to the the places i needed to go. The UFC fights i was seeing and KA were both in the hotel and it was a very short walk to both. It was July so i didnt want to go outside much. The casino itself was ok. Decent restaurants and a good food court if you dont want to spend a lot of money. I recommend the Studio Cafe.Also, a big downside is theres no more lions and the place was under renovations so it was a little confusing getting places. If your planning on doing a lot of things in the other casinos i would just stay there, but if your seeing a UFC fight or seeing KA it might be be kind of worth it.
3	A nice casino with a lot to explore but I have a few issues with it. First is the price. It's a little more expensive than nearby casinos and I didn't really feel like the room I got was anything special for what I paid. Second, I'm not a huge fan of the casino's layout. It takes a long time to get from one end to the other and it'll be very easy to get lost if you haven't been here before.The MGM Arena was also difficult for me to find. The arena is too compacted and therefore the seats aren't too comfortable.
4	Oh MGM, what a long relationship this has been!Over the years this place has evolved just like Vegas itself. It isn't most posh, or the newest, or the coolest place in Sin City, but I have loved staying here from the time I was a broke college student to now. Always a good time and plenty of adventures, some of which have to be permanently erased from the camera ;-)ROOMS: I have mostly stayed in the suites, and on my last visit it was a pleasant surprise, since most of them have been recently remodeled. Spacious rooms with a large bathroom, full size closet and a separate sitting area. Bathroom has double sinks, glass stand in shower and a tub with shower. Beds are fairly comfortable, and now you can plug in your iPods (just bring the auxiliary cord), phones, cameras, etc.POOL: You gotta love the Lazy River. Yes, sometimes it's packed with d-bags, but hey, it's Vegas, everyone is here to party, so just relax and make new friends if you want, or just have fun with your own crew. MGM also has an adults only pool, a quite area pool and of course the Wet Republic, which is awesome to rent cabanas at!DINNING: From Starbucks and Crepes to Craft Steak and L'Atelier MGM has 20+ eating establishments on its grounds. Sushi, gourmet Chinese, Italian, French, Tex-Mex, pretty much anything your heart and stomach desire. I love Diego's for a quick and inexpensive bite. Craft Steak is fantastic, but be prepared to drop some cash, honestly I am not sure it's worth it. Wolfgang Puck Grill has great breakfast/brunch options. Many restaurants offer a prix fixe menu, which is a good way to save $$.CIRQUE DU SOLEIL - KA: State of the art and technology rotating stage, acrobatics, martial arts, beautiful story line and music. Every Cirque show is so different and I love it! Do not miss this one, you will not be disappointed!SPA: MGM Spa facilities are pretty small in comparison to other resorts, but they still have all the services you would want and need. Every Vegas trip, my girls and I do SPA treatments on our last day, and if we spent all the $$, then you can just get a day pass for $25 and enjoy refreshments, saunas, whirlpool and a comfy lounge. A great way to unwind a relax before the flight home.Occasionally, I stay at other Vegas resorts, but time and time again MGM has all the right stuff to keep me coming back.
3	This is the first hotel that I stayed at in Vegas several years ago and  have stayed here a couple of times since and I really like it. It stands at the beginning of the strip and represents the beginning of a lane of greatness. And over the past few years has been updated to keep up with the mid-strip updates. I will say that it is slightly more expensive than the nearby Tropicana, New York New York, and Excalibur but I think it is worth the few extra bucks. The resort is a little self-sustaining city with plenty to do...be careful not to get lost and spend too much time just there. The rooms are clean and the service (room, front desk, concierge, cleaning) are always great. I like the rooms in the West Wing the best and would recommend folks to check those out...they are the best value and are very nice.
4	Finally got a chance to get away for a few days.  I have been staying at the MGM for over ten years and visit Vegas a few times a year. I know the layout of this hotel well and it feels familiar, so I keep coming back. The remodeling transformation is well underway.  The new design is sleek and modern.  I kinda miss the former homage to Hollywood design concept, but alas the MGM Grand has to keep up with the newer stylish hotels that have quickly sprang up on the strip.  As always the hospitality is great.  I spent my three days poolside at the River Pool which is a great place to hang out. It has a nice balance of single folks and families...nothing crazy or scandalous, just people having fun.  I do have to say that the only thing I did notice on this last trip was that the prices of food and beverage throughout the complex were slightly higher than a few months ago.  Although there are PLENTY of options for lodging in Vegas, its hard to break the habit of coming back when you know your experience will always be great.
4	Home away from home
4	My name is Janice and I am a Vegas junkie!I really like the MGM. Don't get me wrong it is no Wynn or Bellagio, but its still pretty nice.They recently renovated the rooms at theyare WAYYYYY better. The rooms now have a comtemporary feel to them. Im digging the new decor. However one bummer is that they did not change the tubs. They are still the awkward little low tubs. Bummer. However, it is about time they start putting money into this hotel. Love the restaurant selection. Love L'Atelier and Joel Robuchon. Also if you want some cheaper meals you can always go out to the District.All in all it is a pretty good mid range Las Vegas hotel.
4	Update:  We went back to MGM after their renovation.  This time we stayed in the West Wing.After our amazing experience the first time, my wife and I were less than impressed with the West Wing rooms.  They're pretty small and far away.  Definitely the "low rent district" rooms.  Our room had a broken lamp, stains on the carpet, and stains (maybe paint?) on the comforter and sheets.We'll might stay here again because the service is great.  If we do, we'll avoid the West Wing rooms.
3	My friends love this place, but I have to admit - it's fine but nothing special. Tips: remodeled rooms are excellent, and location close to McCarren makes it easy to get in and out.Downsides - that same location means that it's at the edge of the action on the Strip, so those that like to walk (a highly unrecommended idea on a 110 degree August day) should be prepared to walk for a while to find interesting things.About those remodeled rooms - the so-called "Grander" rooms have decent linens and nice bathrooms. Furniture is updated and tvs have multiple video hookups - you can hook up your own technology and watch movies on the TV. (Slow) internet is included in the resort fee, but cell phone reception was terrible for Sprint and AT&T - an annoyance when trying to coordinate people (and we know how tough it is to coordinate a group of people in Las Vegas anyway).  I did love the digital safe tucked into a drawer.  I felt like James Bond as I slipped my valuables next to the bed. More hotels should do this.The hotel is weird in that it has small vestiges of a movie theme - workers areas still say "cast members only," the pools have movie-related names and there are tv studio-related features, and little MGM lion heads are everywhere.  All in all, you might not even notice that this place even has a theme anymore - it's trying to be a little more reserved than the theme casinos but isn't as nice as the upscale ones.  Some decent (but not spectacular) restaurants and the in-house nightlife is only good enough for those too lazy to leave this hotel.The clear highlight? It has a pretty solid pool scene. There are at least 5 pools with different setups and moods - from family friendly to grownup and fun to quiet and laid back. I spend as much time here as possible. And lets not forget another highlight - Wet Republic, which I'll cover in another review.  Also, my friends who gamble seem to do well here (at least that explains why they keep coming back).So, what do I think of the MGM? It's just ok, but probably better than most hotels at this end of the Strip.  I would stay here again if I had a great deal. At regular rates, I'll go find something at the Signature (see that review too).
3	I stay here whenever I want something cheap and still want to stay on the strip but not in the middle of the craziness that comes with Vegas. My last stay was decent but nothing spectacular. I booked the Petite King, which is one of the newer rooms in the West Tower. It was just a room for me and my boyfriend so we didn't need anything big. After the crazy long drive to Vegas, we went to the concierge to get our room. The woman at the front desk was polite and drew out a map on how to get to our room even though I had mentioned I stayed there before. We finally managed to get on our way to our room with our luggage and got to the West Tower elevators. Our room was booked for the 14th floor, and after numerous frustrating attempts with our heavy carry on bags and ice chest to press "14" in various elevators, it just would not take us there. After asking someone for help, he explained that the 14th floor was under construction. Well thank you for mentioning that to us. He directed us to the staff elevator that we could use, but also conveniently forgetting to tell us to get off at the 12th floor and walk up the flight of stairs to the 14th floor. A construction worker directed us back to the elevator and told us to go back down. Um, okay. At this point, frustration levels between my boyfriend and I were so high that I was sure our entire weekend was ruined. After getting on and off so many different elevators, I cant even remember how we got  to our room. When we finally did, which took about 30 minutes, the front desk called and asked if we got to our room okay. Luckily my boyfriend took the phone because I was about to scream my head off. I think the worst part of it though was that the room doesn't really have a "bathroom". It's pretty much just sectioned off to the side when you first enter and the toilet and shower are behind separate glass doors, which is incredibly deceptive if you look at their website. So if you decide to come here on a romantic getaway with your honey and book their Petite King, you better be comfortable enough to hear each other do things on the toilet because it will echo loudly even though the TV volume is up high. Or secretly hope that your honey goes to sleep before you do so you can use the bathroom.
4	This is my first stay at the grand, right in the middle of renovations. We had a few issues with our room, and Managment fixed this immediately. The new rooms are comfortable and spacious, the gaming lounge is clean and plenty of room to move. I did find a lot of the bar staff very rude. The pool wasn't too crowded and the spa is worth the $$. If your looking for a good meal the buffet has a decent selection of seafood and the cafe has huge pancakes for breakfast.
5	One of my favorite hotels in Vegas.I have stayed here at least 5 times. I believe, it might've been the first hotel I ever stayed at in Vegas. I dont remember very clearly because I was very young. I've always been a fan of cinema and old Hollywood. The pools at this place are beyond awesome as well. Take your pick, I always lose count of how many they have. Plus the lazy backlot river, which is always fun. The buffet and restaurants are all delicious, I dont ever remember having a bad meal.I give this hotel 5 stars not because it is the best hotel on the Strip, but because it holds many memories for me. There are far more luxurious options in Vegas. But this place will always remind me of my younger years.
4	Great and Big Casino.  I was there 3 times in 2 days.   Shops are resable. Resturunts for everybody.  Entertainment KA theater, MGM Garden arena.
4	1st time at MGM Grand in town for my 3 day Bachelor Party MUAHAHAHAHAHAH!!! The rooms are clean and remodeled - could use a DVD player though. Our 2 queen suite had a sectional sitting area with flat screen. 2nd flat screen in front of beds.. About 700 sq ft pretty nice (not the ritz but not bad at all).$56 to check out @ 6pm. Room service was reasonably priced and faster service than dining in the restaurants.Plenty of towels (ask any housekeeping member for towels when you see them walking down the halls.)Never had any complaints, played our beats all day and night (of course we self monitored) you best believe we got rowdy with guests in and out the room 24/7...ALL GOOD!Went to free pool instead of Wet Republic. Plenty of folks had the same idea, everybody was having fun! Nothing but cool peeps, positive vibe, everyone flirting and kicking it just looking for a good time.Great party hotel definitely recommend!
2	Not the old MGM...  Very unimpressed with the quality of work put in to remodel. Very poor  wireless access for 25$ a day resort fee. Rooms dirty. Construction noise before 8 am everyday. No so great pool attendants. Unsafe elevator door would not stop trying to shut  while people still in door way......  Overpriced vending machine in every room.
1	Short summary: Stayed at the MGM a few times and everything was fine. This time...checked into room that smelled like marijuana and had trash on the table. Hot tub had dirty film. Oily fingerprints all over cabinets and sticky spots near TV. Spoke with manager who comped us $100/ waived resort fee but the room was not cleaned nor were we moved to a clean room. Second day: housekeeping asked if we wanted room cleaned which I replied yes, room was not clean when we returned in the late afternoon. Spoke with manager who increased the comp to $150. Room was supposed to be cleaned while we were at dinner which did not happen. At this point, gave up on having a clean room. Housekeeping eventually came and our room was clean at 10pm! When I arrived back in LA, looked at credit card bill; ended up getting charged for meal WITHOUT any comp AND the resort fee. Had to call my bank and credit card company to settle everything which took about 3 hours. Also called a few numbers to try to speak to higher management at MGM. Spoke to about 5 people before someone actually apologized and said she would email the corporate office about our experience. MGM seems to think comping their customers is the solution to the problem...the solution would have been to clean the room when we complained or move us. We will never stay at MGM again. The one thing that was fantastic at the MGM: Craftsteak!
4	We just got back form 5 nights in Vegas at the MGM.  I was getting worried because of all the negative reviews on here, but as usually that was all in vain.  No worries here, we LOVED it!!!  However, we did get off to a bumpy start, but it was soon rectified.  My husband and I went to Vegas with another couple, so we had booked 2 rooms, (1 smoking, 1 non-smoking).  Upon arrival at the hotel (about  11am) we checked our bags with a bell hop, which we actually didn't have to do because we paid $20 extra for early check in, so we went right to our room.  But the bell hop was free, we just tipped him and then they brought the bags to the room in about 5 minutes.  So we didn't have to schlep them, which was kind of nice.  We got a room on the 8th floor.  Our friends got a room on the 20th floor.  I kind of thought to myself that they would probably have a better view, but I was trying to be positive.  Well, I was right!  We get to our room and open the curtain and it's a giant stucco wall!  Our friends immediately call us and tell us how freakin'  awesome his room was.  I was LIVID!  I booked this entire trip, made all the reservations and paid the same price they did for a "City View" room!!!!  I called the front desk and they told me to call back around 3.  I wasn't happy, but we got changed and went down to the pool. The pool complex at the MGM is amazing.  They have about 5 pools, including a lazy river.  Music is playing, tons of chairs and plenty of bars!  But drinks are EXPENSIVE!  We paid $34 for 2 drinks.  Ridiculous!  I didn't even get a slight buzz.  This was the only time all week we made it to the pool.  I wish I had 3 more days just to lay by the pool.After the pool I went back down to the front desk.  I told them my story and we got a room on the 20th floor.  I had already unpacked a little in the old room, so I threw everything back in the suitcases.  I felt like criminal running form the police!  So we ended up schlepping our bags anyway, our friends helped us move to our new room.   The 20th floor was a smoking floor, but you would never know.  We never smelled any cigarettes.   They must have a super deluxe exhaust fan that was probably the incessant humming I heard.  The beds were so amazingly comfortable I fell asleep in moments and didn't hear the humming anymore.  I was very happy with our new room.  However, our friends' view was still slightly better than ours!It's really far to walk anywhere and you have to walk about  1/2 mile just to get out of the hotel.  We didn't mind though.  The room was nice.  Our maid was awesome.  The bed was heavenly.  I would stay here again.
1	First the very, very good:"Where it began, I can't begin to knowin' But then I know it's growing strong,,,"You all know that Hubby is the grandest man in the entire world.  Over the Labor Day weekend, this wonderful life-partner surprised me with a trip to Vegas.  Some background...I am an absolute, unapologetic, diehard Neil Diamond fan.  When the series of concerts at the Greek were announced, I tried to get tickets, but alas, unless one was willing to sit out in the boonies and watch the entire concert on a jumbo screen, it wasn't meant to be.  Ditto with trying to score tickets at the local venue.  I was soooooo disappointed.  The man is 71 years old, and this was probably going to be his last concert tour.  So as the reviews from the Greek, Staples, and Honda Center were published - I moped.  Hubby suggests we spend the Labor Day weekend in Vegas.  Unbeknownst to moi, he had already booked flights and a room at the MGM Grand.  The Garden Arena at the MGM Grand is...well...GRAND.  What an unbelievable venue for a concert by a consummate professional performer like Neil Diamond.  Everyone was cheering and singing along - Sweet Caroline is so infective.  You don't need to be in Boston to experience the "So good, so good, so good!"  Yes, his voice isn't as sweet, but it's mature and mellow.  Very, very sexy!   It is huge, but the lighting and acoustics made it an intimate experience, albeit, with a couple thousand other fans! "Sweet Hubby of mine, oh, oh, oh, good times never seemed so good..."Now the not-so-good:"I am big, it's the pictures that got small!" (Norma Desmond, Sunset Boulevard)Like the old dowager, the MGM has seen better days.  While Caesar's has continually upgraded to keep up with the Aria, Bellagio, and Wynn, seems that the MGM has slowly aged away on its corner of the strip.  The only thing it appears to have going is the entertainment it books into the Arena.  The ventilation in the entire casino is poor, overabundance of penny and nickel slots, restaurants that close early, and very few shops.  The Sunday buffet was very mediocre, albeit, what can one expect for $19.99 early-bird price.  Reminded me of a Sizzler buffet.  Our room was very small - all bed!  Bathroom counter was non-existent.  All this for $224 plus an added on $25 'resort fee'.  One just gets a feeling of old and dowdy.  This was not the MGM we stayed at many years ago.  The poor lion sitting in the boxing arena was chipped and dusty.  The former lush MGM green carpeting was stained and dirty.  We will never go back.  Only stayed here because we thought it would be convenient for the concert.
5	We stayed at the Signature suites behind the MGM but this newly remodeled casino is beautiful and it does not look like it was built in the early 90's.  Several great restaurants, stores, food court, HUGE casino, great pools, decent sports book, cool bars, and a great location on the strip.  I wish I could remember more but Vegas is always a blur.
3	I stayed here for 2 nights in a PETITE KING room. The room was small.... the width was basically the size of the king bed plus a nightstand on each side. There was also NO mini-fridge... not sure if I've ever stayed at a hotel without a mini fridge. The room was also super dark at all times because there was basically no window (the window was like a port hole on a cruise) and the lighting was dark. Now for the rest of the hotel: the casino is moderate size, not too big; not many shops to walk around for, and not as many restaurant options as other hotels. What I was most upset about was that they TOOK AWAY THE LIONS. I always come see the lions when I visit Vegas and the only time I stay at the MGM, they're gone! (replaced it with The Rain Forest Cafe!) The location of the hotel is also at the farther end of the strip.My favorite thing about the MGM was the lazy river and the pool ($16 to rent a tube but $10 to buy)
1	I've been to Vegas a few times... I stayed at the Grand for our last trip.  Our reservation was incorrect and we were put in a downgraded room.  They wanted more money to put us in a better room, but.  It was just frustrating.  Then the room we got smelled like food, all the time.  French fries in the afternoon/evening and bacon in the morning.  I think we were above one of the kitchens.  They moved us.  It was fine I guess, but not worth what we paid it just seems sort of old, smoke stained, and dirty.
4	I was surprised to see the rooms at MGM. I stayed in a room with 2 queen beds. I really thought the interior design of the room was going to be outdated with photos of old celebrities. But they have completely remodeled it. It's more contemporary. They even changed their carpet. The mirror in the bathroom is spectacular. One thing that they can improve on is the water pressure for the shower. It's really low.
4	1. very nice room with king bed2. all staff were nice, but not always very knowledgeable.3. no smell of smoke.4. meals are overpriced.5. drinks are way overpriced!6. pools were awesome.7. good atmosphere.8. security was on it.Results: will stay again
5	love this Hotel its reputation is well worth it, Everything you need  is here a long as you have money we stayed her 3 nights had a blast they even gave us show tickes for free I could not have had a better time. The staff is freindly but is always really busy but you could imagin working a such a big hotel.
5	My wife and I visit Vegas several times a year, usually frequenting different places based on the best deal we can find.  On our last trip, we found ourselves in MGM and enjoyed the experience so much that we felt compelled to write about it.  We hung out at the casino bar at the wee hours of the morning and the experience was fantastic.  We were thoroughly entertained by the bartender, who had us laughing all night (morning?).  The only thing better than the entertainment was the Bloody Marys (I wish I could remember the bartender's name, something with a D...just look for the bartender that looks just like Kevin James from King of Queens).  It was nice to find a friendly bartender in a town filled with d-bags working the bar.  Anyway, we topped off the night by eating at the cafe, which was a little on the pricey side, but hey, thats Vegas.  Food was decent and hit the spot after a long night on the town.  We will definitely be staying at the MGM on our next trip thanks to "Kevin James's" great service and sales pitch for the hotel!
4	I will start with a tip. It has a great parking lot. You can access it from either Koval or Tropicana; basically what I am saying is parking on the strip with out having to drive on the strip! Now to the hotel itself, the last time I stayed here the room was great, a good size and quite clean! If go during pool season, they have a wide variety of pool areas from the raucous to the serene to the family friendly. They also have plenty of restaurants of all types from the very casual to high end. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	We went on vacation in Las Vegas and chose a spa suite the MGM Grand. We had a great experience, expect for one thing: the check-in process. We had to wait in line forever at the check-in area. Then, when we got to our room, we realized it wasn't a spa suite, and we had a hard time getting the room we ordered. Other than that, our room was great, and comfortable.
3	I've stayed here for a week at a time twice and was content with my stay. We had VIP access while here and I would have to say, compared to the VIP treatment I've gotten at other hotels, this one is just mediocre. Our rooms were nice and had a good view, beds were very comfy and the service was great. I like the vibe at the MGM and theres a lot to do at the hotel. I would have to say the pool is my favorite thing at MGM. Although there were some questionable characters there, which should never be a suprise in Vegas, it was always an interesting and tan-tastic experience at the pool and along the lazy river! You definitely get what you paid for here plus a little more. I would go back.
3	August trip: Arrived here by taxi (cheaper than using a shuttle!) from the airport. The Bell-Man took our luggage so we did not need to wait in line for the luggage area. Check-in took about 30-45 minutes on a Sunday. We stayed in the newly renovated Grand Tower. Amenities included king bed, expensive mini fridge, awesome upgraded view for our anniversary. The spa was terrific except for the nude woman inside the women's hot tub. Germs - EW! Beware of the pool. I came back with an unwanted bacterial infection on my legs that took 4 weeks to clear up with antibiotics.
4	Been here since they opened and will keep comming back. The gym and spa is a 5star
3	Modern & pretty decor. I like :)I like our room. The bathroom was super clean & the bath stuff smelled sweet. The beds was really comfy with simple white sheets. Had a nice view of the strip. My two complaints:MLife, y'all suck for screwing up the reservation. When we specifically book for MGM, & y'all booked us to Luxor. Wasted like a hour of our time getting the stuff straighten out.People keep on stealing the "Do Not Disturb" sign from the room doors. Wtf??3.5 stars.
3	Very nice hotel right on the strip.  We did not know that Justin Bieber was doing a concert the night we checked in - OH MY!  never have seen so many girls and children in a hotel - it was a mob.  This only affected our stay because to walk to dinner we were like fish going upstream against the mob of kids and parents.  It took us a long time to walk through the crowd to get to our restaurant.  The noise level in the casino and restaurant was high because of all the kids.  Other than that the room was great and the beds are very comfy.  Had a great view of the strip from our room.
4	Beautiful Hotel and Casino with tons of things to keep you entertained!  Beware that they are under construction at the moment so there is lots of dust and loud noises, but nonetheless still very fun place to hang out.
2	Do not stay in the west wing the tower is what your're looking for! The west wing is outdated and crummy!
4	We stayed here on our recent Vegas trip.  Their renovation is almost finished and everything looks great.  Best of all, they freed those lions!  It's about time!  Our room was very nice and looked great.  One thing: be sure to wipe down those headboards!  They're beautiful but I don't want to see smudges of questionable origin anywhere in my hotel room, let alone near where I sleep!  The spa is great.  HUGE pool area.  Lots of restaurants to choose from in the hotel.  The waitresses are still some of the most attentive in Vegas.  The casino itself is enormous and offers plenty of gaming choices.  No loose slots this time around, though.  Must be paying for that renovation!Most fun slot machine on this trip: Grease!Avoid room service.  We thought about having breakfast in the room one morning only to find that eggs, bacon and pancakes go for $29 plus tip and room service fee.  That is RIDICULOUS.  We passed on those prices and found breakfast elsewhere.
1	I was forced to come here for a conference. When I booked my room I made it pretty clear I needed a non-smoking room because I am allergic to cigarette smoke. While the room itself is technically non-smoking the ONLY way to get to it is to walk through the giant, smoke filled casino. When I tried to explain to the front desk why I specifically requested a non-smoking room their only solution was to offer to "upgrade" me to a room that would cost $100/extra. That's like charging someone in a wheelchair extra money for a room that has access to an elevator instead of stairs. Beyond the complete lack of empathy from the front desk the room also loses stars for having an overly loud AC, no mini fridge and no coffee machine.
4	I was there for the iheart music festival and must say everything went very smooth.  The room was clean and comfortable.  The pool area is a lot of fun and the staff is very attentive.  We were lost once and an off duty employee came to our rescue. I didn't get his name but thank you.    The remodel is almost complete and I am sure it will look great once it is done.
5	Last minute stay here recently and we were very happy! Only stayed one night. Guy who checked us in at registration was super friendly. We had a room in the Grand tower, two queen beds. Larger room than the king bed. Stunning room! Beautifully decorated and everything was very clean. Wish we could have stayed longer.  Will be back!
4	Stayed in a basic King room.  Nothing super fancy, but it was very clean and very well kept.  We didn't use the room much anyway, but I would have no problem paying for the accommodation again.  Hotel and casino are quite large, takes a day to find your way around but you eventually get the hang on it.  It's easy to connect to the hotels right next door and across the street (Trop, NY NY, Luxor).We went to the pool and lazy river on two of the days we were there.  Pool was well kept and very scenic.  I'm not even much of a pool person anyway, as I don't like laying around but I even enjoyed this.  Tubes cost $16 dollars to rent. Save your money.  You can just walk the lazy river, or most of the time when people leave the pool for the day they will give their tubes away.  You can take food and drink into the pool, just no glass bottles.  We bought some sandwiches and frozen drinks and took them down to the pool as pool prices were more expensive.  There is a frozen drink stand on the walk to the pool.  You can buy the yardstick drink and take it in with you, and then take it back later for $11 refills.  Just requires a bit of extra walking.Casino is average.  It's a casino, so it does what it is supposed to do. Entertain you and collect your money.  If you like vintage things, there is a Sigma Derby (one of only two that I think are in the city) buried in the slot machines near the sports book.  It's an old horse racing game where plastic horses race around the track and you bet quarters (yes, real quarters) on which horses will come in first and second.  It's a goofy way to spend an hour with $20 bucks if you are looking for something different or something cheap and entertaining to pass the time.Most of the food is pricy for what it actually is.  I'm not a high end foodie, but even some of the regular sandwich shops had just average food for what they charged. Nothing that blew my socks off.  Out the back doors (red doors) of the west wing bar, there is a little market store where you can but drinks, booze to go, and snacks for your room pretty cheap.Overall, if I ever land in Vegas again I would not hesitate at all to head back to the MGM.
3	A little too far south for my taste, but CraftSteak is here as well as the Lion's Share slot.I've never stayed here, here but the MGM has become a part of our trip because of the legendary Lion's Share slot machine. The rumor is that this is part of an old bank of progressive slots and the casino can't remove it until it pays out. The jackpot was up to $2M in Sept 2012. To find it, go to the high-limit slot area and ask the attendant there where it is (it moves around the floor). Also, CraftSteak is near the top of our Vegas steakhouses list.
3	Ok, we LOVE the pools here.  The lazy river, a blast.  And the casino (more later) is the best.On this trip, we tried to check in a little early, they had a room but MGM wanted a $20 early check in fee.  What happened to the days when casinos WANTED the guests on property and gambling - so we took a drive down to South Point and gambled there.The remodeled rooms are beautiful.  But MGM has reverted to the draconian 1980's mini-bar concept - hard to believe.  Thats just plain rude and offensive.  Please give us our little fridge back.  And our microwave.  Of course I have to harp on the $25/day 'resort fee' - for what?  For stuff that should be free as part of the hotel - internet/aerobic room.So the three-star is for the price gouging and absence of inroom fridge/microwave/coffee maker, ridiculous resort fee, the attempt to charge extra for checking in early even though they had a room (I've NEVER had a problem with checking in a little early here).But I love this place otherwise.  (ya, betcha didnt see THAT coming).  And the employees are top notch.  Friendly, professional.  And the grand entrance is always inspiring, and I LOVE the Twitter Video wall and multiscreen videos.CASINO rating.  5 star.IMO, the best place for gamblers on the strip as far as balanced rules for real gamblers.Plenty of 8/5 JOB video poker, which has settled into the standard, from the delightful but rarely found 9/6.  A little bit of the insidious 6/5 BJ has crept in here on some single deck games, lets hope it stays there or goes away.  Great rules otherwise, surrender on the 6-deck shoe games, and the usual DOA, DAS, dealer hits soft 17.  Table minimums are high, and on saturday night its $15 and up.Craps is 3-4-5 odds, usually $10 minimum, but early morning weekday you'll find $5.And if you're a roulette player, the high-end section has a rare, $25 single zero wheel with en prison, now THATs something to go play.
5	Loved it! The room was nice and modern! Just the way I like it! Bathrooms were clean and everything was just downstairs! Casino and food court!  In the early morning they brought us a 6pack fuji water since our room was a VIP member room and it was great! Scared the shit out of us but man the  water saved us! We called for so much stuff, q tips, towels, toothbrush lol. They probably hated us but they were so nice about it. We ordered room service at like 7 in the morning and the soup was gross, Hashbrown was great and the tenders were good. Overall, I would definitely stay here again! Far from stuff but walk able!
2	stayed for business. was promised to be sent invoice for expense reimbursement within 24 hours. 5 days later - no invoice. tried to call - nobody picks up. an automated voice says "email corparsupport @ mgm resorts. spelling C O R P S U P P O R T .."see the trick? corp AR support vs corp support? curious why they don't spend 2 min to check their automated tellers' messages...
3	So my he-who-shall-remain nameless friend was in charge of the hotel reservations and thought he had secured them at the MGM...only he hadn't. For posterity's sake, his gaffe goes on the official ledger here. Luckily, there wasn't a major convention in town and the fine young lady at reception was nice enough to help us out and get us properly situated.The MGM looks a lot different since I'd been here last, and I still remember the now-defunct MGM Grand Adventures Theme Park that we hit up as kids. Rest in peace, yo.Bullets? Bullets.- The location at the south side of the strip makes it convenient for airport arrival/departure, but puts the MGM a 20-30 min walk to the central area.- The casino floor is huge, and just walking from the lobby to the book is a hike. Dealers were nice, plenty of tables.- The book is sizable but is placed in a narrow corridor making standing room or backseat viewing quite difficult to virtually impossible. Enclosed space also makes it smokier than other books.- Close proximity to casual mall-style dining, as well as fine-dining, including the dual Robuchon restaurants. L'Atelier did not disappoint but that goes in another review.- Saw both families and adults migrating to the pool area and "lazy river." Didn't go, but it's supposed to be nice and has generally favorable reviews on Yelp.- No trendy nightclub, but the terribly named Hakkasan is set to open in 2013.- Overall service was solid to above-average with the exception of a curiously strange lost & found guy that was almost thoroughly unhelpful.- Renovations look nice, no complaints about the room.- Trying to throw in in-room movie charges was sneaky but doesn't fly with our Asian bookkeeping, son.- $25 resort fee. Whatever. Hoped you liked that WatchESPN streaming.
3	The decor is nicely done but the rooms are fairly standard, as far as hotel rooms go. I only stayed here briefly, but I was placed in the most AWFUL room on the property. 4th floor, Room 132. Run if you are assigned here. It must have been above a boiler room and the view was of the loading dock. Therefore, there was loud noise 24 hours per day. I complained at checkout and they did nothing. The customer service overall was disappointing.The reason I'm giving the hotel 3 stars is for the pool. The lazy river is super fun, with a great mix of people hanging out and excellent music.
4	4.5  So this was my first time in Vegas since being 13. Came here with my PIC and told him this was the place I knew I wanted to go to since they have a TON of spots to eat within the hotel. Sadly I only ate at two of them LOL. My ass slept most of my Vegas trip actually.   Anyway we arrive and go to the front desk. Check in seemed easy breezy. We were on the westside so there wasn't this crazy walk to the elevators.  I wasn't used to the hustle and bustle of getting to it . Anywho we get to the 17th floor and man our  walk to the room was a fuckin long walk! Well the bigger rooms are in the back because when we opened the door it was a nice suite!!!! I loved the large couch with that spot you can stretch your legs and sleep on. We had the his and hers sinks and a jacuzzi! Not the best view (Hooters hotel across the street lol) So it would have been niceto get the view on the side with all the other hotels. No worries, The room was off the hook and the bed was so comfortable. So comfortable, my ass slept more than anything in Vegas. I shit you not I got my rest FOOOOOO SHOOOO! I didn't care for any of the gambling. I gambled 6 bucks. I don't get off pressin buttons gettin nothin. Tables scare the shit out of me way to intimidating.  But I enjoyed going to Fat tuesdays about 5 times :D I was very comfortable here. I just think next time I need to stay in the middle of the strip because I refused to walk around. I felt like MGM was back of the bus of all the good stuff on the strip.  Oh well I still slept good and I enjoyed that Jacuzzi tub!
4	I stayed 5 days and nights for 1k, including a $75 food discount for the top restaurants. Friday-Wednesday, two weeks ago. Clean hotel. Arrived at noon on a friday..went out that night, craps and...shhh! Went to sleep at 3am...woke at 8am to loud banging noise to my window 14 flights above ground. Hmmm...please noise go away. Ok, I'll look...pull back drapes keeping me in vampire darkness...ugh cables....cables against my window...oh, suddenly a guy lowers himself and is cleaning the windows. Nice...but I know the policy that on weekends they can't clean until after 11am. So...I get comped later in the day upon my visit to a manager. Yawn....but I did nap at the pool later in the day.Saw Madonna Saturday night, got into a night club in the hotel after midnight. Over all, a good hotel with easy access to the strip and my exploits.
4	Ive watched this casino & hotel change over the years. I personally really like the place! Especially since their rooms have been renovated into a fancier & modern theme. But! Their prices have stayed on the lower spectrum. Mgm also has one of the funnest pools (multiple, rafts, lazy river you can drink in). Us locals wish we dont need a roomkey to enjoy the pool though. Its really family friendly yet caters to those who came to party. One of the main downsides is the inconvenient parking garage. How annoying it is when you forget something in your car! Theres fat tuesdays, a CSI attraction, food court, romantic restaurants, & more. Besides, its in the center of vegas!
2	Wow! What a difference a day makes. The first day I checked in at the MGM they gave me the group rate of $199. Not too bad for a Tuesday night in November. But then when I wanted to extend my stay 1 night, Wednesday night, they wanted $835. What!?!? That's right, $835. The check-in person said it's basic supply and demand, MGM is short on rooms - the price goes up. Let me be the first to say that $199 is a lot for what you get at the MGM, but bearable. However, $299, $399 or more is just ridiculous and $835 is insane. The rooms look like they're from the mid-80's and the amenities suck. There is no mini bar in the room.  The clock radio looks like the $9 special from Target. There's no way to hook up your iPod to anything to play your music.  The mirror in the bathroom is showing it's age with water damage to the bottom corners.  The shower / tub grout is grey from use. There is only 1 power port on the desk to charge your portable electronics and the TV is the kind your grandma has. No, not a flat screen, it's a 27" color box TV. On the positive side, the room is clean, the tile on the bathroom floor looks like marble and the AC works great - but that's were it ends. There are signs all over the hotel saying they are going thru a remodel, but I didn't see any work being done. You may want to pass on staying here until they remodel their hotel rooms.
4	Always staying at this place during SEMA show.They completely remodeled everything! No more old Hollywood type pictures, all modernized now.It definitely went through a great makeover. The rooms..everything was nice. Customer service was fantastic. Can I just tell you all my story? I almost won a million fackin' dollars. I was literally about |   | that close to winning! Just those little spaces right there. SO DAMN CLOSE. Thought I was going to have a damn heart attack! Won 35 dollars instead :'[ Anyway..the little mart inside is overly-priced of course. But, I'm glad that the cashier helped me. She told me the cheaper options of razors compared to the ridiculously expensive ones. Thanks guuurl.
3	This place is okay. I wouldn't go out of my way to stay here, but if my reason for heading to Vegas is for a concert at the MGM then I will stay here again. Otherwise I would go somewhere else.I stayed here several years ago in their "West Wing" and came back a few weeks ago for the Madonna concert. I had gotten the Madonna tickets two days before the Sunday concert and managed to find a great deal on a room here for Saturday and Sunday night.ProsCan be reasonable room ratesRooms in the regular hotel (not West Wing) look very modern and are recently renovated Once the cocktail waitresses know that you tip they are pretty good about coming around regularly. They are also very friendly.Convenient if you are seeing a concert at the MGM - and I actually like the concert venue.ConsAwful Check In - not one line, just a cluster-f*ck of people walking up to an agent with no since of orderNot great customer service - I called the concierge for help with a dinner recommendation and was on hold for 20 minutes before i finally hung up.No robesRestaurants are very hit and miss - see my other reviewsI don't recommend staying in the West Wing unless you only plan on hanging out at the Sports Book. It is VERY far away from everything. When I stayed here a few years ago it looked really cool and modern until a fuse blew and I had to call 3 times to get it fixed. Finally they moved me to another room after promising me multiple times that someone was on their way to take care of it. The West Wing was just so far from everything that it takes forever to do anything. It is close to the Sports Book though so if that is all you want to do than maybe you would like it.Like I said, I may be back here, but not unless it is for a concert.
4	i love love love this hotel! it is beautiful...the beds are so damn comfy...the rooms are beautiful! the pool was a crazy hike from our room...but well worth it...so many pools! i only played $6 worth of penny slots and lost it all very quickly...so the casino is not my thing...hubby and his sis took advantage of the breakfast buffet...ugghh..i wasn't going to spend $17 to injest thousands of senseless calories first thing in the morning.  Instead i snuck into a VIP room and got coffee, pastries, milk for the kids ...all for free!! yummonothing negative to say...and definitely the best stay i've had in Vegas!
2	I stayed at MGM Grand for the first time on Nov 2-4. The hotel was okay, rooms are decent. I stayed in both the basic Queen room and the Executive Queen Suite. Basic Queen was nice and clean. The Executive Queen Suite was nice as well. It had both a bath and a shower, and a couch. I found that it was nice to have a TV both in front of the couches and in front of the beds. I enjoyed the black out curtains in both rooms, unique and fun. I now know what type of screens I would like for my home. The portion of my stay that was horrendous was the service at the front desk. I was visiting vegas for a Bachelorette party. I described the situation of how I need to check in now, but would like for them to give the room keys to the other main person under the room (she was the maid of honor and was surprising us/kicked us out of the room until the surprise was ready). I asked the front desk man if he understood what I was asking and if everything was fine. He agreed all was fine (but honestly I felt like he was staring at me listening to some story and thinking I was an idiot or something). 30 minutes later, I receive a phone call from the maid of honor and her mother that we were not checked in. I had to walk quickly/ run back to MGM from Cosmopolitan to deal with the incompetent front desk. As I almost arrived to MGM, I received a text from the maid of honor's mother telling me that she spoke to a supervisor and that we were checked in now. I still was told to retrieve some keys, so I continued to the front desk. When I arrived there, I was told we weren't checked in and asked them to check us in. I don't know how many times my party has to say CHEK US IN for MGM's front desk to understand. They are incompetent and need retraining. Their customer service skills need to improve (although some were fine) and they need to work on listening to the client. The second person I spoke to that actually checked me in said he would let his manager know of the situation, but my party never received any apology for their incompetence. The best service at MGM was the concierge. They really went above and beyond to help the maid of honor with the surprises for the bride to be. It included room service with tasty treats and champagne to celebrate, chocolate covered strawberries and a surprise gift, which included more alcohol and martini glasses we could keep. The other great part of MGM are the managers. They have that position for a reason. I spoke to the MGM front desk manager over the phone. I expressed their need to improve their customer service skills at the front desk and explained everything I had went through with MGM. DId i mention, I was my first visit and I was horrified? He was extremely kind and interested in figuring out what happened. He thanked me many times and appreciated my input in helping improve their front desk service. I just wanted to let them know how terrible my front desk experience was, the apologies are nice, and if the manager gets to the bottom of which guy sucked at life.So to stay at MGM or not to stay? you COULD... If their front desk improves. Concierge was awesome so if you do have a special event, you know you can count on them. I say use a coin and toss. on another note, do all hotels not have microwaves? or do you have to request one? Is that even an option?
4	MGM Grand Hotel and CasinoINTRODUCTIONWhen traveling to Sin City, what do you expect? Fun with friends or that special someone at the tables? A romantic dinner in a great atmosphere? Leaving your uniform at home and getting a tad loco? Well then read on. I hope these notes will help you decide whether a stay at the MGM Grand is worthy of your travel dollars.As with any review, take it with a grain of salt as EVERYONE on this earth is different, coming to town for different reasons and what you like may not be what I'm into. If you want to wake up in your vomit and not remember what happened last night, this review may not be for you. For me, I usually come to Vegas with someone that LOVES being here -- the city lights at night, the singing of the slots and walking through the amazing lobbies or taking in shows. I'm more detail oriented and like to focus on comfort, services and a nice meal experience.GETTING THEREComing from Southern California, this first thing I hope for is good traffic and we left this time mid-afternoon Saturday. Normally, we take off early to mid-morning to pass through the desert part of the trip BEFORE the desert heats up. Traffic is usually the tangible and this trip (November 10, 2012) was very light and we breezed through. Usually more cars are physically on the freeway with you, so this was nice. It is a holiday weekend which made me think there would be more folks out. NICE.PARKING/CHECK-INI injured my toe a week ago and getting from the parking lot to the main lobby is a hike. Unless you luck up and catch someone exiting new the elevators/escalators, plan on bringing comfortable walking shows and getting your walking exercise in.SPECIAL/CONCIERGE SERVICESMy wife has a birthday this weekend and I'm hoping that I can plan a surprise for her special day. I got up early today and stopped down at the front desk for help. Too early for the Concierge (opens at 7am at the front desk and on the phone at 6:30am), the check-in staff was very helpful stating they may be able to do something special (heart shaped flowers on the bed, customized room service - a cake, etc). Depending on the cost, a good option. NICE.Last weekend I was at the Hyatt Regency Jacksonville Riverfront and they did not offer free internet service. Hotels have gone back and forth on this, but in Las Vegas this should be part of the Vegas experience. The MGM Grand offers Internet service bundled into your resort fee but I love being able to jump on, check mail or listen to or watch a stream without having to pay for the basics. EXCELLENT.ROOMS/GROUNDSRooms are modern, spacious and have some niceties of note. Trendy wallpaper everywhere, sexy lighting and interesting lobbies make for a good visual. Being a first-gen resort/casino, the lobby where you check-in isn't as fancy as say, the Bellagio, and this visit has a boxing ring for the Manny Pacquiao's fourth fight with Juan Manuel Marquez encircling the golden lion. As you move out into and through the casino as mentioned earlier, the upgrades are present. Bathrooms a very bright and follow the trend of not having a fan circulate/clean to air but the semi-separate water closet, art on the walls, faux-marble suggest hip. Automated curtains are an entertainment point for the kids and climate controls are easy to operate. On the down side, I couldn't find the TV station listing (shouldn't have to channel surf to find what is where), more information on the concierge options should be listed on the website (self-service can drive more business) and the doors boom like live shells exploding if you don't handle with care. I'll test again as it may have been drunken gambler slamming their doors. OKAY to NICE.FOODI don't really dig Las Vegas, so I look forward to a great meal or show each visit and the Top Chef celebrity Chef Tom Colicchio has a soup/sandwich and steak sit-down joints, two Asian (one Chinese, one Japanese) and other fine dining (translates into expensive) restaurants on resort grounds. You can offset that the fancy, upscale stuff with a food court with a Nathan's, McDonald's, Chinese, and Italian (pizza slices). I'd suggest heading away from the strip for all but the special occasion meal as everything inside, although convenient at 2am, is overpriced.
2	Stayed in the remodeled spa suite...very nice they now have plugs to charge your stuff all over the room. Also the sectional sofa and big mirrors were a plus for having friends over to get ready togetherThe bad side: Everything in the mini bar (beer/water) was hot and there were blood stains on the comforter...gross...also our sinks regurgitated and black stuff came out of one glad we only stayed here one night
5	CIndy is the best! she helped me out so much with my reservation and was so paitent with me! clean rooms, and the maids do a great job! not TOOO big were you get lost, very friendly staff
2	It is as if someone wanted to bring the Laughlin experience to the Las Vegas Strip. The bed was comfortable and the room was quiet. However, for $250 a night, I would like a place with restrooms somewhere near the restaurants. A hundred small things make this a "never to repeat" adventure.
2	The room was great the service was terrible!
5	I wanted to write something positive about MGM properties (MGM Grand, NY-NY, Luxor, etc) in general.  5-stars because:- MGM properties treat military service members and Vegas locals pretty well in my experience.  With either a locals ID or military ID (I have both but of course I just have to show one of them) I don't have to pay a cover charge to get in to their bars/lounges/clubs (Coyote Ugly, Tabu, Studio 54 back when it existed, etc).- Free trams/shuttles/people-movers between their properties: Treasure Island-Mirage; Bellagio-CityCenter-Monte Carlo; Excalibur-Luxor-Mandalay Bay.- It'll be a long time before the Strip or Vegas will see a new mega-complex built that'll be as large/expensive/cool as CityCenter (which contains the Cosmo, Aria, Mandarin Oriental, Vdarra, Crystal shopping center...).
4	We've stayed at the MGM a few times now. It is a good balance of price to location.  The monorail is accessible without leaving the property which is a big plus. The rooms are rather nice too.  If you prefer being on the south end of the strip, you can't go wrong with the MGM Grand. There is also plenty of shopping opportunities and, of course, lots of gambling. If you like Sigma Derby, there is a machine here too, one of the only Sigma Derby machines in Vegas!
4	Fun place with quite a few things to do.
4	At least 250$ a night and they nickel and dime you and a coke is 3$ at the 15$ black jack tables. Not very impressed. Although, some of the staff is nice. Located in a great place.
2	Checked in early, allowed due to me being a VIP guest. However, the room not only had "Hair" in the bed & the whirlpool tub, but the staffs have made a clear point to emphasize: You are cash only! As, I was o trying to order some fries & a banana. Including when there is $200 pulled from the Bank card that's associated with the room guests. Bad business, for sure. This is a comped room & they are making a huge step by refusing to provide an easy recourse service(s) due to their Bad Customer Service issues/concerns affecting MGM's room guests directly.
5	I like the MGM grand a lot because of the 90's themepark casinos, it's adapted to survive.  Like, Luxor and Excalibur are all shabby now, but MGM is still great.  I love that it's a one-stop destination for shopping, gambling, eating, shows, etc.  It's not as "fancy" as some of the newer places up the strip, but I like the low keyness to it all.
1	This stay was quite a memorable experience. This memory will be indelibly burned into me as "run away from here DO NOT stay at the MGM". I'll do this by bullet points:- The wait to check in on Saturday was unreal. They had three large crystal water dispensers on line...guess waiting for a room here is expected.- Once at the desk, we had to split our rooms because my mom is a smoker and I am not. I ordered two rooms the way I wanted, but he said that "These online reservation places do that" (yes he's talking about Orbitz or any others he can toss under the bus). So we had 2 non-smoking rooms. He told me that the smoking rooms were in another tower....and were $25 more. Bait and switch and he threw it at Orbitz' feet!- The walk to our room was about a mile or so. No, I'm not kidding. We were in the West tower at THE END of the hallway. See what happens when you are not happy at the front desk?- Distance from events to restaurants to casino....amazing. As he said at the front desk, "We are the largest hotel in the Western United States". Don't care about trivia facts that make my stay worse.- We ate at an overpriced restaurant after the show we attended. Great food, great service, but very pricey unless you are getting main course food. $18 lobster bisque soup...ouch.Overall, if this place truly cared about me, they would have been responsive. When I complained about things at the front, they would have made it right. I even said we were not going to spend our gaming dollars at this place, and he acted as if he did not hear me. Guess he was too busy giving me a North strip room in their South strip hotel. MGM completely failed on this trip. I'll never be back. We played at the Wynn both days. Give your money to Steve Wynn, he cares about the player.
3	I'm not sure what to say about my MGM Grand experience. Is this my favorite hotel in Vegas? No way. It's better than the Hilton in terms of location and room quality, but way, way below Mandalay and Wynn. Of course, you'll never book a room at Mandalay or Wynn for less than $100/night (which is what we paid here at MGM) so I think for most people this is a moot point.PROS:-Location: South side of strip with monorail in building. If you want to drive, the parking lot drops you off on Koval which runs parallel to the strip. -Price: Cheap and great rooms for the price. -Infused Water: Due to long check-ins, they set out infused water. Citrus and pineapple. Win. Sadly these pitchers disappeared after a couple days.CONS:-Size: Easy to get lost and not too close to the strip, depending on where you're staying. -Parking: Getting to our car took 15 minutes! -Check-in line: long. Really long. Mind you, it was a holiday weekend. I'd say a comparable property is Planet Hollywood's towers - not the actual casino, but the tower behind it. Room quality was better at MGM, but PH has a better location and valet parking.
1	ABSOLUTE MESS! Good luck trying to find the front of the casino, construction everywhere, line of a-hole taxis that wraps around the casino, no entrance! "MUST TURN LEFT" there's no way to actually pull up to the front of this nightmare. Circled this labyrinth of nonsense twice just trying to pick a friend up who was unfortunate enough to be stuck there. I will never go here again. No signs, everyone should just have that magic intuition to know you need to disregard the tiny no left sign, cut off the taxi cab and go down some unlabeled street.. Thanks for wasting half an hour of my life in traffic for no good reason! Why trust a casino that can't afford an illuminated sign?
4	I stayed at the MGM Grand during my first ever trip to Vegas, for a bachelorette party.  The MGM Grand is a wonderful hotel experience.  It is located right in the heart of the action and it has pretty much anything you could ever need right there on site.  The main reason that I did not stay here on my other Vegas trips is due to the price (I'm cheap), but you definitely get the full Vegas experience at the MGM Grand!
5	I only stayed here because Ava and Frank would have. The framed portrait of Ava in the hallway on my floor was a nice start to my mornings and ending to my evenings. My coworkers were at Mandalay Bay were the conference was being held. The haul back and forth between hotels got old by the fourth day but Wet Republic (the adult pool area) was pretty awesome. Give me great staff and reliable wi-fi and here's your 5 stars!
2	Poor design of hotel.  Rooms are small and you have to walk almost a mile it seems before getting to your room.  Crap!  We were here for Thanksgiving holiday and the service line for checking in was massive and it took at least 40 minutes before we were able to check in.  Customer service needs to move at rapid speed.  Our rep took some time to check us in at first telling us we were on the 3rd floor, then changed it again saying we were now on the 5th.  Annoying!  We also told her that we had two separate reservations and she indicated that she had taken care of everything for us.  However, she failed to tell us that our cards would be deactivated so late night we get back to our room only to find out we have to walk that long mile again back to the lobby to get our room keys activated again.  Annoyed!  The rooms are some kinda funky.  Small sink and water deeps out of the shower, if you are not careful.  The only thing I liked about this place is that at least they paid me out a few hundred on the slots.  Would I stay again?  The answer is nope!
4	I went to Vegas for Thanksgiving with my family and booked a room with MGM and it was in the Grand Tower. They recently renovated their rooms so everything looks really nice and new. The housekeeping staff does a great job because the room and bathroom is immaculate. The bed is really comfortable except the bed frame has really sharp and protruding corners so I kept walking into it. I got several bruises from that. The hotel staffs at the front desk are friendly and efficient. There was a long line for check in but they had a lot of people working so the line moved up quickly.
3	I stayed here as a solo traveler for business one night this past week.  This was the third trip to Vegas and second time on the strip, my first stay was at Circus Circus, which I considered decent (outstanding for the vacation price Southwest gave me) but this time I wanted to try something nicer.  Everything was very nice, I checked in around 7 pm so the line was short, very friendly staff and I'm including everyone that I dealt with not just the front desk employees.  For me, finding my room on the 9th floor of the West Wing was difficult and I'm not above using my map or asking for help.  I must have looked like I knew where I was going because four or five other people asked me for directions, so I would guess this isn't an uncommon complaint.  I really liked the fact that you could get to the gym easily, the elevator marked it on the 4th floor but I wasn't able to check it out due to forgetting my teeshirt and I didn't want to spend 30 bucks on a shirt at the gift shop just to sweat in it.  I tried out the buffet, always an awkward experience when eating alone but I couldn't decide on which restaurant in the hotel I wanted to eat at and I regretted the decision. The food was decent and at (what I assume is) the correct warm/cold temp, good price so I'm not complaining but last time I had lunch at the Luxor and I feel like it was much better food and selection.    My main complaint is the hotel fee of 24.95, I understand it's for internet and other services and that ALL the other hotels charge a price as well (this is the most expensive one so far) but then I feel that the internet service should be up to par.  In my room, I got two bars it was slow enough that I ended up just using my hotspot from my phone, that's right my 3G connection to my tablet was faster than the 24.95 I paid for, basically, internet at the hotel.  The next morning I figured I would just go to the Starbucks to use the WiFi there and yet again, no service.  This time I was able to pick up on another hotels connection and it was stronger than the hotel's that I was actually staying/sitting at. Problem, oh heck yes. Pros:Clean hotelFriendly staffEasy check inWon 40 bucks in penny slots (lost same 40 bucks at gift shop)On the StripBy Monorail (I didn't use it though)Large food/activity selectionCons:The creepy long mirrored hallways, really am I the only one creeped out by those?horrid internet serviceHard to find anything at the hotel, I'm pretty sure I missed about 75% of the whole place.The main question, would I stay here again? Answer In the future yes, if the price was right I would, I don't have that many complaints about it but I am planning my next trip to Vegas and I am certainly finding a different hotel for this next stay.
4	This is primarily a review of the hotel. My friend and I stayed here over a long weekend after thanksgiving. The check in process was relatively painless, and the desk staff was very friendly. The rooms were clean, comfortable, and very pleasant. Lots of good restaurants inside, some great shows including Copperfield, and easy access to the monorail. The prices were very reasonable, although I am sure coming during an "off" weekend helped. Able to check out electronically, which was a nice perk. Would definitely stay here again.
3	3.5 STARSWhat makes MGM Grand so GRAND?!?!Is it because the building and all it's splendor is emerald green?Is it because the gold gigantic lion out front can be spotted a mile away?Is it because there is some connection to the Wizard of Oz?Is it because they hold boxing matches here? Is it because they are the head company that pretty much owns a couple other casinos down the Las Vegas Strip?!I remember staying at the MGM when I was younger and had some fam bam trips to Vegas. The rooms were decent and filled with your typical amenities of a hotel room. I think the rooms are much better in quality compared to Luxor & Excalibur. When I stayed at the MGM, the Skylofts & The Signature (luxury boutique hotel rooms) were not built yet. But nonetheless, a decent stay at the regular rooms. RESTAURANTS[SUPER SWANKY]* Joel Robuchon (French - 3 Michelin Stars)* L' atelier de Joel Robuchon (4 Michelin Stars)* Tom Colicchio's craft steak (For all you carniwhores & Top Chef fans!)  [SWANKY]* Diego Mexican Cuisine* Emeril's New Orleans Fish House* Fiamma Trattoria & Bar* Nob Hill Tavern (Michael Mina)* Pearl (Chinese)* Sea Blue (Michael Mina; currently renovating and will open 2013)* Shibuya (Japanese)* Wolfgang Puck* MGM Grand Buffet* 'Wichcraft (Tom Colicchio's Sammie shop; not as swanky as the others)PARTY ROCKERS & PRE-PARTY HOT SPOTS* Hakkasan Nightclub(debut 2013)* Tabu Nightclub* Wet Republic Ultra Pool* Centrifuge (crafty cocktails)* Rouge Bar* Zuri Bar* West Wing BarENTERTAINMENT* Brad Garrett's Comedy Club* Hollywood Theater* David Copperfield* Ka Cirque Du Soleil* Boxing matches at MGM Grand* Concerts at MGM Grand Garden Arena* Conference Center and Ballrooms (on the other side of the casino)Given this laundry list of items, you can imagine how large this casino would be! It took me a good 30 minutes to get to the conference center as it is located on the opposite side of the casino! The food catered at the conference center was quite upscale and top notch! Consider it 100x better than what the Holiday Inn would serve you in a banquet! I wouldn't mind coming back to the MGM for a conference nor staying at the hotel. It's pretty decent if you're looking for something in the middle of the strip.
4	My husband and I stayed here for his Marine corps military ball, one of the best I've ever been to. The suite we had was gorgeous and huge! A big jacuzzi tub and big bed. The price was surprisingly low for such a great room. The banquet room was also very nice, service was top notch. Security is very tight here! so no messing around Haha. You know how rowdy marines can get and they were not having it.  All in all enjoyed our stay here.
3	Grand, it is. Also overwhelming, but I don't think that superlative would sound as appealing in its name. The MGM Grand, is, according to the check-in-lady who assisted me, the "second largest hotel in the world." Not sure how true that is, but the place is incredibly ginormous. Like many hotels in Las Vegas, it is like a giant shopping mall with nice rooms for sleeping when you're all done spending all your moolah. In my 6 days in Sin City, I spent most of my time within the confines of this hotel - I was attending the annual NCTE conference which was held in conference area. I think I walked from my hotel room (in the Grand Tower, close to the entrance) to the conference wing 3 dozen or so times in those 6 days.....and those are LONG walks. The conference rooms are nice - good range of small and intimate to huge huge huge (actually, the biggest conferences were held in the ballrooms). An outside promenade led to the vendor/convention area. I thought the set up was quite well done, and generally things were easy to find. My hotel room was really nice. I loved the blackout curtain option. Bed was super comfortable and I loved the bathroom. Internet was spotty at times but overall fine coverage. One thing you have to know - don't expect a mini-fridge (I did, and got quite a surprise!). The fridge in the room has a sign on the bottles that is hard to miss - basically, if you move anything around to store your own stuff, an electronic sensor automatically charges you a $50 re-stocking fee. FIFTY DOLLARS. And if you want your OWN fridge, you can request one - for a mere $35. Good grief. Needless to say, there was no complimentary coffee or tea maker in the room either. My hallway was completely full of guests, yet I never heard noise from other rooms, so kudos on the soundproof-ness. But man, I was the second to last room in my hallway and it was suuuuch a long walk to the elevator, and then of course to the conference area.Like others have noted, there are just endless options for eating here. From the super cheap (McDonalds) to the lunch and snack crowd (Project Pi, Blizz) to the nice dinner (Craftsteak, Pearl) to the ridiculous dinner (Joel Robuchon), there is something for every palate and budget. Tip: the Starbucks in the food court always has a long line - there is another one by one of the theatres - it usually doesn't have nearly as long of a line. MGM Grand is a nice hotel, and while it didn't knock my socks off, I was glad to be able to experience this town for the first time from this hub.
2	Did not stay here, but they have a lot of places to shop and eat. The reason for the lowered review from 3 star is that this place is really confusing to navigate. Not just a little, but a lot. Some of their directional signs were wrong too so I ended up walking in circles. The casino decorating was strange. I actually had no desire whatsoever to play anything. So whatever they are doing here, they are doing it wrong.
2	As a Vegas aristocrat with 50+ trips under my belt, I was lured away from Wynn (my usual) by a casino host wanting me to "re-experience the NEW MGM!".  New rooms etc. "We will blow you away!"What I got was the same old tired MGM experience:- no limo from the airport (promised) - cabbed it which was fine since it was so close to the airport- room type not available upon checkin (6PM) - "we can switch you over tomorrow" - got a smoking room (wanted non) which was nicely newly furnished - but it had the remnants of the previous guest (partly opened gift basket, two empty beer bottles, etc.  Couldn't switch out - host conveniently not available.- Freeplay not available / no recordNeedless to say, I got a bad vibe within the first hour and actually moved over to Wynn.  I give it two stars because I see the rooms have been upgraded.  Lots of places to stay in Vegas, but for a primped Wynn Tower Suite / Aria Sky Suite regular - very meh.
3	Let me state up front....we did not stay here....only visited and watched on Cirque performance so this is a very basic review.  MGM houses the Cirque show known as KA, which is the primary reason we were there.  And off we go.....first of all - there was immense construction going on, which made the whole finding the damn entrance or one that was open a challenge.  Upon strolling in and glancing around - I could see why remodeling seemed like a grand idea.  The place was looking a bit worn to say the least but then again perhaps I was spoiled from being a temporary resident of the Mirage.  Inside - looked like the typical casino resort.  Spread out in ten different ways with different clubs, restaurants and shops in various corners and so forth.  We actually found a great sushi place inside where we decided to dine - see other review for that one.  The main area seemed much more inviting than the weird entrance we came through.  Didn't win a damn thing, but that seemed to be the gambling trend of the week.The theater area for KA was fine, but the theater itself was absolutely stunning - see my KA review for more on that.  Once the show was done and more money slipped into those evil machines - we were off to stroll back up the Strip.  When it came down to choosing which hotel to stay out - it was between the Mirage and MGM.  Would be curious to see what the rooms and so forth are like at this resort for future reference.  Based on some the reviews....I'm relatively happy that I went with the Mirage.
4	So I got a grand king room here for a pretty good deal, and I'd have to say they did a great job renovating the place!  I came with the intention of staying with someone in my room, but I ended up having the room all to myself, which was pretty nice, but the room was actually a bit big for just one person.  I loved the back lit mirror in the bathroom and the awesome black out curtains.  The only major complaint I have is that the shower pressure sucks!!  It took forever to wash my hair and I got cold because there was so little water coming out of the shower head!  And when I tried to check out via the tv, it wouldn't work, so I had to call.  Other than those hiccups, I would stay here again if the price was right.
3	Overall, the it wasn't a bad stay.  The redesigned rooms are modern and clean.  Wifi connection was a bit sketchy from where we were staying.  I would have given this place 4 stars.  Except that on check out, they got the billing wrong.  I cannot stand hotels that get the billing wrong.  They charged for 2 nights when the hotel was already prepaid.
3	I watched the show Under Cover Boss, and the CEO of MGM Grand was on it. When we planned our trip to Vegas, i was delighted to find out that my mom had booked a couple rooms at MGM Grand, the delight was not for long. So, we get to the Hotel, and the bell boy/girl, came to pick up our luggage, as soon as he put our luggage on the cart he ASKED for a tip?!?! He said he DOESN'T share it with the people that accompany him. So, we gave him his tip and went to the front desk. We had requested EARLY check in, and were disappointed with the fact that our rooms WERE NOT ready, so we had to go somewhere else to kill time, until regular check in time. There goes the extra money they could have made. They said they would call us back if our rooms were ready by 1:00pm. There was no call so we went back to the hotel at 2:00pm, and were informed that the rooms were STILL NOT ready, and DOWNGRADED us, rather upgrading for the inconvenience. So we agreed to it and got our rooms. Another bell boy came to drop off our stuff to the room and AGAIN asked for a tip. We handed him 3$ but he refused saying, "the bell desk, does not take any tip under 5$". Well too bad for him, we decided not to tip him. We then got a call from the hotel half hour later, and we were informed that our rooms were ready. They didn't even know we had already checked in. WHAT GREAT MANAGEMENT! Still, no apologies. The rooms on the other hand were really nice, which the reason for me giving 3 stars. We had a great time in Vegas, the valet services were great, they did NOT ask for tips. The day we checked out, we called for the bell desk once again and a lady came to pick up our belongings, and AGAIN, we were asked for a tip, and that she wouldn't share it with the people that deliver it to our car. We told her we wouldn't tip her until she took our stuff downstairs, and she complied. She brought our stuff downstairs, and we tipped her and the valet, and left Vegas. Next time you go to MGM Grand. Make sure you bring tip money because the Hotel doesn't seem to paying their employees enough due to them consistently asking for tips.
2	I would give this hotel a 2.5 stars if I could. The room over all feeling wasn't so bad. We loved the new modern decoration of the hotel room, and nice king bed. But if you look closely everything was kind of cheaply made. But since we didn't pay the premium price for this room, we didn't have any complain on the room itself.The biggest problem we had this past weekend stay was the odor smell. We could tell the section we stayed at (West Wing Tower, 4-515) is newer than the rest of the tower, looks like an extension. Once we stepped into West Wing (you could tell the carpet and wall all changed all of the sudden) we could smell strong air fresheners/deodorizer. We didn't like it, but we didn't know why. Until we got into the room, the toilet smells like sewer, I was certain it was some sort of plumbing problem caused the strong odor, and that explains why they used strong air freshener to deodorize the entire hall way. I used to live in an apartment like that, not until they fix the major plumbing problem underneath the building, the toilet will smell like that for a long time.On top of that, TV in the bathroom wasn't working, express check out wasn't working, and Wifi internet was down for the second night of the stay, even though we were all forced to pay $25 resort fee, but couldn't use internet, I would love to see them refund us that money.Lastly, we were supposed to have a $75 dining credit post into our room. Since the express check out wasn't working, and after this bad experience I just couldn't trust their management, so I went down to lobby to check out in person, sure enough, they did not post that $75 credit and tried to charge onto my credit card. Glad I did check out in person otherwise it would be another hour long phone calls to get that money back once I get home...So, over all, I don't recommend this hotel, even though the room "looks nice" and fairly cheap.
4	Ohh la la....3.5 stars. Some snazzy renovations going on at the MGM Grand! We stayed on the MGM Grand the weekend before Thanksgiving. Really good rates that weekend. Tip: sign up for the MGM resorts promo emails and you can check their calendars for special weekends that are cheaper then normal. I usually find a cheap weekend, then do an online search on hotels.com or priceline and book the deals. Often times you might find a cheaper rate online. But MGM often offers food and beverage credits if you book through them. I got the executive queen suite in one of their newly renovated towers. It was $88 for a Sunday night off of priceline. Not too shabby! The check in process was pretty quick. The line looked long but moved quickly and the lady that checked us in was super nice. The renovated rooms are very modern. It feels high end. The queen suite (675 sq ft) was just big enough for 4 people. I was very spoiled by the MGM Signature suite I stayed in earlier this year. It was 980 sq ft. =PThe beds were comfy, it was nice to have two flat panel TVs in the suite and a generous sitting area. The bathroom was also nice, it had a tub and a shower. The towels were a tad rough, but they gave us tons, which was nice. The floor was nice and quiet.No real complaints, except for the fact that the wifi was a bit slow and even with a $28 dollar resort fee, we didn't have access to the gym! It us an additional $15 more. We only had access to a small cardio room that held maybe about 10 tread mills and 10 ellipticals. My cousin said that it was very packed in the morning. As a paying guest, I was expecting more. Considering the MGM Grand are also advertising "wellness" rooms. Well, why not let us exercise too! Anyways, aside from my wellness rant, the MGM is located in a fairly good location. Even though it is one of the older hotels on the strip, they have made strides in upgrading. Oh and the KA theater is right down stairs. Great show! =)
2	Hmmm.  I used to really love the MGM for their awesome pools and lazy river, good food, and rooms...not so much any more.  Stayed in one of their dark, dingy, west wing rooms that was cramped, damaged, lacked consistent hot water, horrible use of space, etc...these were the NEW rooms.  We were finally able to move to the OLD rooms that are soon to be discontinued which were must larger and mor comfortable...even though they lacked the flatscreen and modern touches.  You either have to blow $100 for two on every meal unless you want a hot dog or Mcdonalds...there are not really many middle price options.  Dining is way too expensive for what's delivered...and I don't mind a really expensive great dinner, but not every night!  Water was turned off on other rooms for half the day, I was embarrassed that my family had to wait to shower or use their toilets.  Lion area was closed down the whole time, bridge access to adjacent casino was closed and rerouted outside, 54 nightclub shut down with nothing on its place (Tabu on the other end), huge portions of casino floor bare and taped off while they do construction, hammering and drilling heard in our rooms every night, etc.  I used to LOVE the MGM Grand...but...never again.
1	I honestly had higher expectations of MGM Grand, since hearing great experiences from my other friends that have stayed here.  I stayed at MGM Grand Stay Well Suite for the christmas weekend, and it was SO packed. Here's my overall experience: -The guest  check in line took about 40 minutes. -Looked clean when I walked in, until I pulled the blankets off of my bed to discover trash leftover from the previous customer who stayed in my room / more trash on the side of the bed (on the side that isn't too noticeable, but still.. yuck!). They need to do a better job of cleaning.-The bed sheets had random stains on the end.-Bed was comfortable and soft though.-The q-tip box looked dirty and used. -Loved how there were 2 tvs & lots of space for lounging.-Their restroom style was okay, it just bothered me how the toilet was right across from the shower.. yuck? Honestly, I would never come back ever again. The room was straight up unsanitary to me, and that's enough for me to not come back. I'd rather book at The Hotel or The Mirage..
2	Did not exceed or even meet my expectation at all after the "grand renovation". It bothers me when they claim that they are good, yet you don't feel it when you are living in it. Couple of things:We arrived around 5pm on 12/24, and it took close to 1 hour for the check in.  (By the way, every time I walk by the lobby there is a huge line for check in, so I don't think it is an isolated event).   I just hope that the hotel managers know that for ever minute the customers waiting on line, the hotel is losing $$ because the customers can't go "donate $$" on the gambling tables and eating the two pieces sushi for $50.   Fix the check-in issue MGM...!On our 2nd day, we came back at night around 10pm only to find that our room has not been cleaned.  I called housekeeping, and the lady told me that there were too many rooms to clean today so they couldn't get to all of it.  When I told her that I expect my room to be cleaned her attitude basically said "you need to suck it up, we just don't have the staff".  She then just transferred me to the front desk while I was talking to her in a middle of a sentence..... After explaining the situation to the front desk AGAIN, they offered me a 2 day resort fee credit, and move to another room.  For MGM - I don't really care about your 2 day resort fee or a new room. I just wanted a no drama vacation, and you did a good job making sure that didn't happen....  Fix your customer service level and house keeping department!!Overall, my recommendation is to keep your expectation LOW.  They are not as good as they say they are.  And maybe go during a slower season, hopefully they are put more attention on you.  The room is not bad for a regular hotel room, but try to stay in the newly renovated ones if you can.  The in room wi-fi is not good, sometimes you can't pick up signal.
5	I've never sayed at the MGM before.  I thought everything was very wonderful overall.  I saw room pictures online, so I knew they newly remodelled the rooms and they looked nice:  Modern with clean lines.  I booked the room through Priceline and stayed during the last week of Dec.  For $87/night & getting a $75 dining credit, I was very satisfied.  Sure, there's newer, swankier hotels, but I stayed here because the price was good & I knew it would be like new due to the recent remodeling of the rooms.My boyfriend and I stayed in the Grand King room on the 27th floor and it's definitely roomy enough for two people.  The bed was nice and your head really sinks into the pillow.  They have 37' or 42' inch flat screen Samsung TVs.  The room was nicely decorated and the bathroom had great chrome fixtures.  They sure do have very, very hot water, which is good.I saw the Cirque du Solilel KA show here and it was fabulous!  The theatre is quite huge.  I ate at the MGM Grand buffet one night and it was nice and no wait.  We were there at about 9:20pm.Check-in was a bit of a wait since I was there very close to the 3pm check-in time, but check-out was much quicker since I was there about 2 hours before the 11am check-out time.  The procedures themselves were simple.  I was asked if I wanted a lower or higher floor.  The view from the room was OK.  We faced the back of the strip, but that's alright.  Room service prices were high, as expected.  I think the cheapest food on it were $17 sandwiches.
2	There's no door separating the bathroom from the bedroom area.  There's a frosted glass door for the toilet and another frosted glass door for the shower, but the sink and make up area is completely open.  This means that when you turn on the light to use the bathroom or the shower, the entire hotel room is lit.  It's poorly designed.  There's a t.v. embedded in the mirror in the bathroom, but it doesn't work.  Not only that, it obstructs the view of the mirror.  Not very well thought out.There was a long line for registration.  It was $28 for resort fees and over $240 per night.  The walls are thin.  Our room was close to the elevators and I can clearly hear the "floor X, going down" from the room.
4	Stayed in the newly renovated Grand King rooms, and they were very nice.  Lots of room, modern and clean, and best of all we were fortunate to have been situated in a quiet location.  The entryway light didn't work, however.Check-in was long and arduous.  Had to wait in a long snaking line for almost an hour.  There were only 4-5 check-in stations open and over 100 people lined up!Valet parking also took forever (dropping off and picking up).  I guess it's a large hotel, but they were clearly understaffed.Overall, I would definitely stay here again.  Just hope they hire more workers.The resort fee is a joke of course - the internet was very slow - my 3G Sprint phone was faster (and if you know how slow Sprint 3G is, you know that's slow...)
4	I stayed in this hotel with a bunch of friends for my first time in Vegas. I have to say, I fell in love with the place. We came to stay during Memorial Day weekend so it was hella crowded. Check-in lines were long, and we waited a good 20 minutes before being able to check in. The hotel room that we got was a regular room with 2 king-sized beds. The room was well-kept and very clean. I also liked the modern feel of the interior. Housekeeping did a very good job of cleaning the rooms everyday. After day and night of partying, I was so happy to find solace in our room. The bed was very comfy!They pool area is quite nice as well. Unfortunately our experience in the pool area was tainted by a bunch of drunk youngins that were getting very annoying and angry. Overall, I would go back and stay here again though. The Grand has a special place in my heart because it was a huge part of my first time experience in Vegas.
3	This was a great place, however i was billed extra nights i didn't stay and its taken 3 days of on the phone talking to customer service and the bank just to resolve a problem that should have never occurred. I think i'll stay somewhere else next time, plus i won't have to wait one hour to check in and out.
5	very nice and clean casino floor.  beers at 9am?  cocktail service still walking around that time in the casino.  wheel of fortune slot machine, awesome!  a few machines at that time of the day paid big.  but with the money you spend at vegas, nothing under $10k would be consider BIG.
2	Nice hotel. Terribly slow service at check-in.  Waited 90 minutes!  Uncomfortable beds
1	Came home from a weekend stay at MGM and had been biten by something all over my ankles and legs.  the only time I was not wearing shoes, socks and pants was when I was sleeping in the bed.  I suspected bed bugs and called the hotel to express my concern.  Instead, I was passed around to four different people with 3 minutes of hold tme in between.  Finally, the 4th person took my name and number and said some one would call me back.  Well, you know how that goes...No one ever called back.  I called the Nevada Health Department to investigate.  The sad reality is that the hotel only cares about the bottom line profit.  I don't know if there is a problem or not, but the hotel doesn't care.
5	We just stayed at the MGM Grand for 3 nights and I had 2 rooms.  The stay was fantastic.  They rooms are really nice, you get what you pay for and then some... Yes the Bellagio is nicer but it cost more too!What I really liked was how friendly the staff was from top to bottom.  Also the customer service is out of this world.  We had an issue where houskeeping never came to clean either room one night.The next day the manager of the hotel apologized and comped us for a buffett which was worth over $200... They took ownership of the mess up and made me feel like I counted for something... That is an awesome thing in a hotel so large. I would come back, would recommend the MGM as well.The only thing I don't like is it is a bit far from the middle of the strip, but we got a great workout with all the walking.
3	I did not stay at the MGM but was here to see KA, eat at Joel Robuchon and some gambling. I feel like MGM is a bit too south on the strip and the front entrance is off to the side. Air circulation is OK but definitely not great. I liked that they had starbucks inside because beings a seattlite, I was having cravings after a few days!KA was easy to find and the staff here were generally courteous, so the one time I asked for orange juice, I was given basically all ice in a little skinny glass. Won't be going out of my way to come play here, and KA wasn't that impressive. Robuchon also drive you to and from the property through the Mansion. Therefore I doubt I would be coming back to the MGM anytime soon.
5	My friend and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay at MGM  Our room had a great view and it was very spacious, clean and comfortable. They have a great staff!
5	I loved my stay here.. stayed in the 2nd tower on the 18th floor.. Service is wonderful.. valet is super nice and friendly... Every single employee that I encountered was beyond helpful and friendly... My future stays will definitely be here and will recommend this place to everyone..
3	Used to be the father of all the Las Vegas hotels.  Not anymore, but still acts like it.  Rooms are expensive for what they are,  the casino limits are too high.  Never got lucky in here, didn't even enjoy playing.
4	Big complex and rooms are clean although a bit small and terrible view...unless you consider a view of Hooters and the airport a good view.  The conference center is a bit of a trek, so if you are there for work, wear something comfortable or you'll regret it!!!
4	I showed up with my girlfriend the day after christmas with NO reservations and scored the cheapest room I could get for $134 for one night!We took a chance assuming it wouldn't be that bad with the MGM. With no reservations and plans on staying for no more than 2 days, MGM was our random selection.The line to check in took about 20 minutes but moved steadily. Once we got to the check in desk I asked for the cheapest room they have. Boy did I really get a cheap room! Once we arrived to the room which took freaking forever walking down a very long hallway was small, maybe 300 square feet? We actually could not find the window at first since it was covered and blended in with the wall. Our "view" was of some other building, no big deal. All the furniture was very modern and kind of dark. It took awhile to find where the lights were. Flat screen tv on the wall was pretty big! The only thing that annoyed me was the lack of privacy for the bathroom. The toilet and shower were completely separate but that was the only privacy you got. The sink and prep area was all open. The doors were very thin and made of glass. Meh, not my type of bathroom. The hotel is very big where you can easily get lost but I don't mind. It was enjoyable overall.
4	My wonderful stay began at check-in. While standing in line, I noticed an area for M Life members and wondered why that line was shorter than the one I was standing in. If you've never been to MGM Grand, they have huge screens behind the check-in desk that flash various attractions in the hotel. A "commercial" for M Life just happened to show and said check out Mlife.com. I figured I should check it out right then and there on my phone.In the span of 5 minutes, I became a member of M Life and secured a lower hotel room rate for my stay! The best part was the front desk employee who honored my new reservation. I saved $100 just by joining M Life.My hotel room was decent (view totally sucked, but who cares since I saved $100). The beds were comfortable and clean. I thoroughly enjoyed the pool area (stayed out there for four hours and was probably in the lazy river for an hour). The tube rental price, however, should be a little less ($16 for the day, but it goes down to $10 after 1 p.m.)My only negative is the shower. The water temperature was fine the first day; the second day it took a few before it warmed up. On the third day, however, it never warmed up. We called maintenance and within a few minutes, the water began warming up. I'm not sure if they control the water temperature remotely, but a maintenance person did show up to fix a problem that seemed to correct itself.I absolutely LOVE the toiletries! They have the best smelling lotion out of any hotel I've ever stayed in. I also enjoyed the shampoo and conditioner.Breakfast buffet is fabulous. If you go right before they are about to switch over for lunch, you'll get to taste some great food as well. I almost forgot about Fat Tuesdays downstairs. If you love to drink, stop by here, buy a refillable container and drink away (don't forget the extra shot for $1!)This is my third time staying here and I don't see any reason to stay anywhere else -- unless the room is free!
4	Often times I stay here because I get comps or discounts with my players card. It's a good hotel with descent rooms only of you stay in one of the towers closer to the lobby. One time they put me in a tower all the way at the end of the hallway that had 10 minute walking to get to the front door. Another negative about this hotels is hat it's all the way at the end of he strip, which means cab rides could add up or if you drove to Vegas then the driving might be a hassle to get around in traffic. It is also quiet a distance from convention center if you are in town for a trade show. However, the do have a tram stop that goes to the convention center, but he walk to the tram station could be 10-15 minutes.As far as gambling, it's a pretty good place to gamble with average minimums, which could be as low as $5 during the day and $10 to $20 at busy nights. I like the roulette and black jack tables here, since those are my games. I like to go from table to table and switch places often, so I like hat they have many tables available close to each other.As far as restaurants and food there are plenty here in all price ranges, from fancy to cheap. For those on he cheap side, there is a food court there with Mcdonalds. .
3	Stupidness #1 Tax inside of a tax within a tax. (it's like the nemesis of Inception man!)Exibit A: Taken from a portion of my bill from  my last stay there Jan 10 2013MGM Room 157.252013-01-10 MGM Room Tax - 12% 18.872013-01-10 MGM Resort Fee 25.002013-01-10 MGM Resort Fee Tax - 12% 3.00The room is taxed and the resort fee is taxed separately!  WTHMWhen your online gitty about booking your vegas getaway, and your on mgm.com booking the room they only tell you about the room rate. Then when you check out and are ready to put down the deposit, they add at the bottom. reservation subject to a daily resort fee which will be added. ok fine. Then when you get your confirmation, mine was for 3 nights, they kindly add the $75 ($25 per day resort fee). ok fine.Then when you get your bill at check out, %12-a-geddon breaks out on your bill. as you see above. For a 3 night stay I paid $147 in fees and taxes.  That's bullshit. Stupidness #2 The Petite King Room. When they say Petite, they mean PETITE!. This room is meant for one person and one person only. Please do not share this room because there is no separation from the bathroom and the room, and ladies, absolutely NO counter space (eeeek!).  You walk in the door and your in the bathroom with tempered glass separating you from the toilet and the shower. If you get a bad reaction from the buffet, just plan on your roommate getting to know whats inside of you, if you know whadda mean. Please when reserving review the room outlay plans on the hotel tab. Something I wish I would have done before booking the Petite King room. The GoodWith taxes and fees included,  my 3 day stay was $166.67 per day.  For its location on the strip and tram access to other hotels ($12 for 24hr pass)  It hits on average for a non peak season stay. I just wished they'd been more up front about the taxes and fees.Convenient LocationSmooth Check InGood Casual and Formal dining spots (I recommend Fiamma, great italian food :)Friendly StaffKA, the best show in VegasGreat booking incentives (I got tickets to Chris Angel Believe with my booking)At the end of the day, yeah, I was alright, but I will be checking out some other places before, or if I return to the MGM.
3	Let me preface this review by saying that, if there was a choice between getting a root canal and coming to Vegas, I'd seriously have to stop and think about it.  If you're a tourist, you'll find that Vegas is like China.  Both try to suck money from you at every turn, except Vegas tries to be more *civilized* by masking the sucking in the form of resort fees, taxes, tips, high-priced drink and food.  Add to this the fact that I have as much interest in gambling as have in a threesome with one male orangutang and a pink bowling ball and you'll understand my frame of mind when I'm in Vegas.  Unfortunately, despite my feelings about this place, I've had to visit Vegas every year in January for business for the last 8 years.  The MGM Grand Hotel is a monstrosity of shiny green glass on the North end of the Vegas Strip.  It's shaped like a pile of staggered Lego bricks, and when you're inside the hotel, you'll sometimes wish the bricks will just cave the hell in on you.Like all hotels on the Strip, you're allowed to smoke in almost all public areas, so the ventilation system blows in this fake bathroom/car scent smell which pervades the entire hotel.  We'd booked rooms directly with the hotel, believing that we'd get better rooms, but when we arrived at 7pm, we had to wait 10 minutes while our clerk checked with the Manager about getting our Premium King View Room.  The room does have a magnificent view, but at a cost - our heater was completely broken...meaning that, while Vegas was experiencing its worst freeze outside (about 27 overnight), we were experiencing what it was like to be in the Saharan desert in August.  Our thermostat was broken and temps reached the 80s overnight.  Our lovely Samsung TV, which my boyfriend dared venture to watch one night for a few hours, suddenly shorted out in the middle of a program, then just as suddenly came blasting on a few hours later at about 1am.Next, the mini fridge was packed with stuff (you had to pay through the nose for), and there was even a sign which stated that you couldn't put your own crap inside and take theirs out, or else there'd be a $50 re-stocking fee.  If that wasn't bad enough, none of our shampoos or lotions were refilled or replaced after they were used.  All this makes me feel that the MGM would try to charge us for the air we breathe, if they could.The hotel does have some good.  The room we got is spacious and quiet, the bed comfortable.  There are a few pretty decent restaurants, such as Nobhill, Wolfgang Puck Express, and one of the Cirques is playing here.  Was impressed by the check in counters available for select airlines, as well as the kiosks where you can print out your boarding passes.  (You can check your luggage via the hotel for $10/bag fee.)  Upon check out, we were comped about $28.00 for the ghost in the TV.  (This was after my boyfriend tried to get a comp over the phone but couldn't get one.  And, when he gave up all hope of getting a comp, the check out clerk gave him one.)  If you come to Vegas wanting to come to Vegas, then the MGM Grand will do you just fine.
4	I just love the MGM Grand  It is just so...functional. Good location, things work, it's diverse, people are nice, bars are cool, gaming is fun, crowd is upbeat, rooms are brilliant. This is definitely our go-to in Vegas. You really can't go wrong.
4	I was able to book this hotel with a killer rate from Southwest Vacations.  Just make sure when you are booking you factor in the $25 per night resort fee.  The hotel was recently renovated and everything looks very nice.  They are still doing some renovations on the exterior but the interior looked just about complete.  The rooms were nice, nothing too fancy.  The rooms have automatic shades on the windows; my blackout curtain worked but the shade did not retract. Wifi is also hit and miss.  It worked just fine on my phone but I could not get my laptop to connect.  Checking in was quick and simple as well as checking out.  The tables in the hotel started at about $10 min and up from there.  I recommend trying out the electronic craps, lots of fun especially with a good crowd!  I would stay at the MGM again if I am able to get another good deal.  But I would stay at a nicer resort like the Aria or Palazzo if I were taking a date.
1	i have not stayed here, and jus didnt like the atmosphere of the hotel
3	The staff was very nice and friendly.  We stayed in a Grand King and my parents were in the One Bedroom Suite.  Very nice and comfortable renovated rooms and the staff was very nice.  I just don't like having to pay, in addition to the room rate, a $25 per day Resort Fee.  I was told the Resort Fee is mandatory and it covers the use of the business center, ability to print boarding passes, the cardio room, pool, and the USA Today newspaper delivered to your room every day.  I was also shocked to learn the rooms, including the Suites, do not include a coffee maker.  I was told by Concierge that I can order a pot of coffee every morning for $23.  I opted to just purchase a $15 coffee maker from the local Target.  I also didn't appreciate not getting complete information from the front desk at check-in.  It wasn't until the day before checking-out, I was informed by someone at Valet, that as a guest, I can call from my room and request to have my car brought out in order to reduce the average 30 minute wait time.
1	MGM has managed to dive below all normal hotel standards, that is the only Grand thing about it. Request for a room change due to lack of Internet was declined by Guest (dis)-services as they had no other rooms - please note, I was not playing the upgrade game, just requesting another room as I needed to work. Eventually I spoke to someone who was allegedly the Manager on Duty and he also claimed that there were no other rooms, offered me the option of changing rooms the next day and, offered me a courtesy Internet voucher for the business centre; (they didn't offer to bring this to the room)  for this I had to go down and wait with all the people checking into the non-existent other rooms before being told by the front desk that I should come back in the morning;  at which point I demurred and they finally gave me a voucher.The next day, about an hour before my a critical meeting, I went down to the business centre and worked with the staff for a while before they agreed that the wireless down there wasn't that good as they were changing providers. They were very sweet and clearly stressed due to workload but I cannot fault their attempts to get me online, the business centre lady was even willing to put the charge on her company card (which at a dollar a mnute for internet was brave) but she didn't know when it would expire and was concerned that it might die during my meeting.Brave try by the business center but,I ended up cancelling my meeting and i was not that happy about it. Note that so far, I have been in the hotel about 13 hours with this lack of service..I have never had a hotel refuse to allow a room change and LIE to me as well. I was only staying one other night otherwise I would have just checked in somewhere else. I understand that Vegas makes their money on the drunks and gamblers but some of us need to work., just let us know that you don't have the facilities so that we can go elsewhere. In other news, we went to the buffet, - VERY mediocre, just no and pass it by, I didn't find it worth the time or money. On the upside, the room was nice although the guy vacuuming at 9:30 in the morning was a little irritating with the noise. The room doors are not really soundproofed that well, which in Vegas should be some sort if hanging offense. If you stay here, make sure you are a spud sleeper or stay out until nobody else will be coming past the room ( of course then the chap vacuuming will wake you) oh, bring your own Internet hot spot, you'll be charged a resort fee of 25 USD a night for the free USA today and access to the fitness centre and the patchy Internet.In the spirti of fair play I would say that if the staff at guest services hadn't outright lied to me then the property could have got 2 stars, maybe pushing to 3 but that completely turned me of so they get the infamous 1. Good luck
3	Beware the honor bar SCAM!!!  As previous post says beware getting the money sucked out of you because you might not even notice. The resort is very nice which masks what they have in store for you at check-out. Did you know if you move something to the side in the honor bar to maybe fit in a melted chocolate bar you will be charged for every item moved?  We pleaded with the manager to waive the charges since we hadn't consumed anything in the bar. Can you believe they outright refused?  That candy bar cost us $45!
3	I stayed here during CES last week and for a couple days after.  The hotel rooms are nicely decorated, they are the same size and have the same amenities as any other standard hotel room.  Overall I liked staying there - the taxi line didn't take too long, the check in people were nice, the walk from the front of the hotel to my room didn't make me walk through the entire casino, there was a place you could get little extras if you needed them, good restaurants, etc.This probably would have been a 4 or 5 star review until I went to check out.  I discovered that they charged me $40 a day for something called a "tech kit".  Apparently the completely unmarked unremarkable plugs that were under the TV were special plugs that you get charged $40 a day to use.  I had no idea - these plugs were out just like every other plug, they had no special features that I could see, there was no warning that said use these and get charged $40 a day.Anyways - I had to fight with the lady to get her to remove the charges because it was ridiculous.  It was a really sour ending to a good stay, and unfortunately I can't get that bad experience out of my head.  Hopefully they stop trying to scam people soon.
2	rainforest cafe!! they were undercontruction i didn't even want to enter it fear of somethin falling on me.
3	I was not really impressed... Rooms were ok but a bit dusty next to the window... At the reception desk they told us that they had no king room ready at that time so we took a double queen... When we got there it was not ready either... The casino is ok but they put this terrible perfume everywhere which is too strong and very annoying...I think the price/quality is better at treasure island.
3	Pros: Remodeled rooms in the west wing so the decor was modern and clean looking; free wifi on the casino floor.Cons: Stain on the bed covers. Ew.
3	I checked in on Tuesday and it wasn't too busy-- we were able to check in without waiting in line for more than a few minutes.I stayed in a single room and it was pretty nice.  MGM has definitely upgraded since I stayed here a few years ago.  I remember that the blinds and curtains had to be opened/closed manually so I was happy to see this change.  I was happy with everything about the room except for two things:1.  It took me a while to find the light switch.  There is a switch for the small hallway when you enter, and then you have to turn on each of the 3 lamps around the room.  I wish there was just one switch on the wall to turn on/off the lights.  2.  The cable connection kept getting disconnected!!  I stayed up until about 4am watching tv and the cable turned off at least 4 times!  The cable was off for just a couple of minutes but it was pretty annoying.  I usually don't watch tv while I'm in Vegas, but the one time I do it sucked, haha. Despite these 2 things, I did like that MGM had a casino downstairs with tables starting at $15 for blackjack.. although I did not do well this trip, haha.
2	What is with the horrible potpourri smell they are pumping into the casino?  Made me sick. We left after 5 minutes.I was here a little over a year ago and was not nauseated by the smell.  However, when I arrived here last weekend, I walked in and immediately had to walk out.  We had to pass through the casino multiple times, but never stopped to gamble or eat b/c the old lady perfume smell was giving me a headache.  Please stop pumping this horrific smell into your hotel/casino so that I can stop and stay for a while on my next visit.  Thank you.I understand that most hotels have some sort of air freshener type sent because of the smoke, but this is just really strong and really bad.  Worse than any other hotel I went to on the strip.  Unbearable.
4	I have been to MGM Grand more times than I have been to any other hotel. Within the last month I stayed there twice.  Both times the rooms were the same layout, but in different wings. One room face the New York, New York hotel, while the other faced the roof of the lobby.  The room was clean and tidy.  Although the next morning I sat on the ledge by the window to get some sun and it was very dusty. My leggings picked all the dust up.  On the way up to the hotel there's a little shop filled with overprice goodies.  They have cupcakes that are $4 during the day, but at the end of the day the price drops to $2.  I had to have a cupcake, especially because it was half off.  I must say the turtle cupcake was very good.  The decision of what to eat may be a tough one to make.  Whether you want fine dining or McDonald's, there are many choices for food there. More than any other hotel I've been to.  I had pizza from Perfect Pie which is a great tasting pizza place.There are several lounges as well that are located all over the hotel.  I have yet to go to any, but when I walk by, the music is bumpin' and the people look like they're having a good time.  In the summer months, the pool is open.  There are 3 wade pools I believe, then there's the lazy river.  Every time I have been to the river, there's always a party.  Tube rental are a bit pricey, but the price drops after a certain time.  Sometimes you may be lucky and either someone leaving will give theirs to you, or yI never have a bad experience at the MGM and look forward to many more memories to be made there.
3	I really have no problems with MGM except that it is SO expansive.  I totally get the Vegas thing and how each hotel/casino is supposed to be its own city, but MGM may as well have its own zip code.  It is so far away from the rest of the strip and even more so depending on where you are staying in the hotel.  I have stayed in the towers and the hotel part, both times sharing a room with my friends.  The rooms are nice and spacious and the beds are comfortable.  It's really just the location that gets me every time we stay there. Mostly because we never end up going out at the MGM clubs which makes a whole other to do.  Their beach club pool party looked pretty fun though! Thank goodness for the cabs, right?
1	Casino review.  Disgusting smell.  I had a horrible head cold, could barely smell or taste a thing and even I was nauseated by the smell.  What IS that smell?  We couldn't get out of there fast enough.  We considered dining at one of their many restaurants and based on the smell decided against that.
3	The MGM Grand was the site of one of the worst hotel fires in US history. Early in the morning of November 21, 1980, a fire started in the wall of one of the restaurants. It burned for hours without anyone knowing, which is basically what happened in The Towering Inferno. By the time it was noticed it was out of control, and 85 people were killed. The building was repaired and sold (it's now Ballys) and MGM built a new 5,000-room hotel on the next block south, which remains the largest hotel in the United States to this day.I kind of like the MGM Grand, partly because of this crazy history, and partly because it's such a weird, humungous, strangely colored green monstrosity. It's not really themed (the one that burned down had a seriously in-your-face Wizard of Oz thing happening) but it still has touches that reference its old Hollywood Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer roots. My nana worked for Metro-Goldwyn in the '30s and was David O'Selznick's secretary when he made Gone With the Wind; one day she took Vivien Leigh shopping in Manhattan and Ms. Leigh bought her a cocktail glass with a seagull on it. But it's not a perfect hotel. The rooms are very comfortable, but when we upgraded to a strip view  for sixty bucks I was disappointed to find that the windows had a dark screen built into them which takes away from the vista. The casino smells like a cougar's perfume. It's also a very long walk to get anywhere -- God forbid you get to the pool and forget your copy of Bonfire of the Vanities. It's also the only Vegas pool I've ever been to where you don't have to fight to the death for a lounge chair. The sound system is very high quality, which is one of those things you don't think is a big deal until you get stuck with one that isn't.A spin down the lazy river is like floating through It's a Small World After All except it's 11 a.m., everyone's hammered and the dolls all wax their chests.If ever there was a three-star hotel, this is it. It is absolutely a step above Luxor, Excalibur, and Monte Carlo -- and an unmistakable step down from Caesar's, Mandalay Bay and the Venetian. The MGM Grand is the hotel version of your middle-aged, middle-class brother-in-law who works as a regional manager for a decent-sized company and earns a high-five-figure salary. Which is to say, he's doing just fine, he's comfortable, he drives a car with a sunroof and his wife is a solid six. But at the end of the day, would you really want to be him?
3	This place is getting a little outdated, but they do have construction going on. The casino is dark and stuffy, but the rooms were very nice. I was in the West tower, where the rooms are smaller but I had quick access to the West Bar and the exit out the west side for quick escapes from that smoky recirculated air.If I went again in the near future I'd definitely look at the Tropicana - they're remodel is great - bright, fresh, and clean.
4	While everyone else was busying themselves with boring things like the inauguration I was busy myself with getting busy in Vegas. After a hellish week, on a lark I looked into rooms for a brief overnight stay on a Sunday night. For the bargain price of $115.00 bucks I secured a Spa Suite at MGM Grand and can I say: The new overhaul of their rooms is indeed grand.Our 800 square foot room was furnished modernly with a muted color palette and lots of dark wood. What made this girl super giggly was the bathroom! His and hers sinks, a whole wall of mirrors, a bathtub that would easily support a 8 person orgy, a sit down shower, and his and hers bathrobes and slippers (or hers and hers, his and his, etc. whatever your flavor). Cue the bad 70's porn music. I easily spent 50% of my time in the bathroom.  The suites are completely wired with awesome sound systems, two gigantic flat-screen televisions, and remote black out curtains. I was in love. Although I stayed in the room the majority of my trip, my brief outing for dinner at the Wolfgang Puck's Cafe proved to be delicious. Every single staff member I came into contact with was extremely friendly and professional from the valet and front desk to room service.Note to Yelpers if you are having a good time and want to get one more romp in that bathtub in or a few more hours of sleep, you can get an extended check out time to either 3 or 6 pm for a little bit more.
5	This review is in regards to their customer service for show booking, Cirque du Soleil KA specifically. I made a mistake when booking, and they were EXTREMELY helpful and forgiving allowing me to make changes to my reservation. I had called a few times before to ask about tickets and made my reservation, and they were very helpful then, as well. But when I called back and had to ask for additional help, they went above and beyond! Kudos!
4	A pretty solid hotel on the Strip.Rooms:I have stayed in a couple of different styles of rooms and were impressed by all. The wall is ultra thin. I was not impressed by the level of noise when I stayed in grand tower. Basically the room next door played loud music for 24 hours straight. If it was really 24 hours straight, I have no idea. But every time I am back in the room, the music was on. It was super loud and the thin wall did not help. I could also clearly hear exactly what the couple had to say and TMI that I did not need to hear. Things like that guy was taking a shower and the girl was on the phone. I also overheard them asking when their friend is going to check out. I was slightly reliefed to hear that they were checking out the morning after. I don't think they were extra loud. The wall was just too thin. It was almost like they were standing feet away from me and talking. The loud music continued until they left the room. Lobby:Really grand and bright colored. A huge contrast from its casino. Check in and check out are pretty fast during my stays here. I have never had to wait for too long in the line. The line CAN get super long in the afternoons. The last time I was here, there was some football star doing an appearance. Lots of people were taking pictures. I didn't know who the guy was when I went up close so I didn't take any pictures. Concierge is friendly but not super helpful.Casino:Light is dim and smoke everywhere. Is there a non-smoking section here? I don't know. Waiters come around pretty often to offer water and drinks. Of course, you have to tip. I didn't really like the smell in the casino. Bathroom is clean.Commute from the airport:So convenient! During my first time here, I took a taxi. On a tourist website, they said the trip would cost around $12 - 15 and it was around that range. Then I discovered its local bus pass system and you pay $8 for a day pass or $20 for 3-day pass. I took the bus back to the airport from here and it was so convenient. When I came back to MGM grand, I did not even think twice and took the bus again. It drops you off in front of MGM.Tips:Watch out for your bill here. The first time I was here, they placed $500 hold on my credit card for incidental charges. I thought that was way too much. The second time I was here, the hold for incidental charges were much lower. I think it was around $100 for incidental charges the second time. They have free internet here. Use it. It is probably the only thing that is worthy of your daily resort fee. I have never visited its fitness center so I cannot comment on that. The free newspaper is right next to its mini grocery store right next to the elevator to go upstairs. Otherwise you get charged $25 daily resort fee during your stay here.There is no fridge in your room. I don't remember seeing any fridge in any of the rooms that I stayed in. There was a small fridge in the room in grand tower. I looked into the fridge and it was full of soda and alcohol. I poked around a bit and then saw a small sign reads "place personal item in your fridge may cause charges for up to $50 per day." So I didn't mess with it again. When I checked out, I noticed there was a $4 on refreshment center. I asked the guy about it and he asked if I had purchased a sprite there. I said no and I poked around the fridge and that was about it. He said, well that is the problem, if you take any item out for longer than 30 seconds and even if you put it back in there after that, they will automatically charge you on your credit card. Although he was nice and gave the $4 back to me. Still, I thought that was not very convenient. You can pay an additional $25 to store personal items at their fridge on each floor.
1	No one told me this place was on the same level as the Riviera...... Come on I couldn't believe how bad they let this place slip. I used to come here often. Stopped for several years. No real reason why. A friend came in town and got a room here. Everything from the casino floor to the rooms looked like it needed updating. Not worth the money. O and the buffet is disgusting and vile.
4	My boyfriend and mines favorite hotel to stay in Vegas!  We like the new, renovated rooms. We like the casino and the restaurants in the hotel are yummy, especially Wolfgang's and Diego's!  Can't wait to go back!
3	Stayed in a Queen Exec suite and enjoyed my time there but had booking problems, poor room service, and waited in long check-in lines. Positive:The stay was very nice with no noise complaints despite our often group rendezvous being our room before going out.Plenty of space with a fold out sofa.  Friendly service when we received it.Excellent deal on the suite via email from MGM.Negatives:Booking was a hassle as I had to spend an hour+ correcting an error in the system that tried to put me in a standard room instead of the suite I booked.Check in line was at least 45 minutes long.We did not receive any towels although we asked for them several times.  We had to find a cart in the hall and swipe towels.Terrible room service (breakfast) that cost $45+ and barely fed two. Overall, I would stay here again now that I know how to stay here and what to avoid (room-service of any kind) if the deal was impressive enough but would prefer trying another hotel.
4	Ever since they renovated their rooms, it looks up to standards with the other hotels that are on the strip. The beds are comfortable, the TV is big enough, the bathroom is also renovated and looks nice. The lobby of each floor looks nice as well, there are some sitting area, and the hallways that lead to the rooms are also wide and not cramped. The location is what is good. It is right on the strip and it is closed to all the other hotels, shopping places, clubs, etc. You are getting the high-end experience without paying the high-end price. They have a casino on the first floor, shopping places, and a big concert hall. I have been a couple of times to see some artists. I don't know what else to say. If you haven't gone back to MGM since they renovated the place, you have to CHECK IT OUT!
3	What the hell happened in 2 years? I always said a good way to judge the casino you are in is by how hot the cocktail waitresses are. Cosmopolitan and Aria probably have the hottest ones in Vegas right now.........MGM ...ughhh.....not so much.I swear 2 years ago MGM was my favorite spot. I would come in here for hours just hanging around. Loved the hotel rooms. The reason I come here still is that I just feel like I win more money in MGM than anywhere else. To be fair I do see that MGM is doing a lot of construction. They were doing it on my October 2012 trip and still were on my december 2012 trip. I go back march 6, 2013 so I will see if they are done by then. MGM is just run of the mill right now. Lame clubs and bars. Pretty basic casino. Took out the lions cage. MGM has been the biggest disappointment lately. A couple of years ago this place used to be packed every night. Now it only gets packed if there is a UFC or boxing match going on. I really think that Cosmopolitan just stole all of MGM's shine. MGM has gone from the top to the bottom like Todd BridgesKinda sad actually. Still say you can come and gamble here....just not a place you really wanna hang out in anymore.
3	I stayed at the MGM Grand and utilized the conference center for a week-long business conference.   Overall, it was nice, but I'm not real enchanted by what I saw of Vegas (which was limited).  Seemed like the Wisconsin Dells on steroids to me, with none of the quirkiness that I love.  But what do I know?  I go to McDonald's too much.Hotel: - Check-in was a long line, but they moved quickly.  Maybe we waited around 15 minutes?  It wasn't bad. Despite our early arrival, they had our rooms ready and were doing their best to turn over those that weren't ASAP.  They will give you your key and call you when your room IS ready if it's not at check-in.  Nice touch.- HOLY HUGE, BATMAN.  The elevators are nice and quick, but I had to walk about 5 miles to get to my room in the west tower, 8th floor.  Room 446, in fact.  Soooo far away.  At the end of a long day, that was a killer.-  The room itself was clean and nicely appointed, though beware the minibar (if you so much as move the items they assume you've "bought" them, though they were nice enough to warn me of this upon check-in).  I like the design they have going, but I've seen similar before at Westins and it wasn't earth-shattering.  It's what I'd expect, though, which is good.  I had everything I needed/wanted (except tasty drinking water).- Bathroom was "eh" but clean and well-stocked with towels etc.  The shower was most disappointing, but that could be my fault for not figuring out how to adjust the flow.  Had to wait a long time for hot water one out of two times I showered.- Staff was always friendly, helpful, and prompt.  No problems there. Conference Center:- Wow, what a walk.  From the hotel room elevators to the conference center is a good 15 minute walk if you're being casual, or a 7 minute sprint if you're running late. You have to get through the restaurants/shops then past the spa and pool area before you get there.  You better not forget anything in your room that you need for the day.  I recommend a moving walkway, MGM.- Well-cared-for facilities.  Sometimes conference centers/ballrooms can get worn down-looking from heavy use.  Everything here looked crisp and new.  The chairs were beautiful and relatively comfortable for conference center chairs (they rock back a little!).  - Easily configurable and flexible, MASSIVE space.  Able to handle multiple groups of several hundred people without bumping into each other.  Primo.Catering:- What the heck?  No bottled water in the catering service?  Just juice and soda, coffee, tea.  This is a desert, people.  They had little water coolers around here and there, but that was "tap" water which is normally fine with me, but Vegas tap water tastes like sulfer (I'm a spoiled Lake Michigan resident).  Bleh.  Shelled out the $3 for a Dasani from a vending machine at one point because I was SO thirsty.- All the food was tasty and well-presented.  Not sure if this was the catering group's fault or my company event planner's fault, but there weren't a lot of health/weight-conscious options (like no bottled water and serving only candy bars with a tiny basket of apples for a mid-day snack break).  Would love to have seen a few more healthy options, but I also have no willpower against carbs.  - I did not get sick from eating "conference food" this time, which was a triumph.  Well done, MGM.  WiFi: It is "free" for hotel guests (in your room) and in the conference center, although I had trouble getting it to work in the conference center on my iPod Touch (no smartphone for me).  It is a limited connection, however - only 2 hours per email address/IP address per login session I believe.  It was sufficient though.  Fast enough and all that jazz.
1	The casino is nice enough.My complaint is that the people on the other side of the adjoining door were chain-smoking in their non-smoking room and our room would fill with cigarette smoke. Our complaints resulted in security coming and talking to them but they never stopped smoking. We were never offered another room and we ended up lining the space between the doors with toilet paper and wet towels to keep the stench down, which did not really help either.It is amazing what the hotels can get away with charging for in their "resort fee". Our super-slow internet? Resort fee. The pool that is closed for the winter? Resort fee. The 5 ellipticals and 5 treadmills? Resort fee. As a way to make everyone feel like they were getting something out of it, we were given a food credit to be used at selected restaurants but that doesn't make up for a resort fee for things that are not available.
4	Clean rooms, comfortable beds. Location can't be beat with the monorail station a short walk from the lobby area and two pedestrian bridges to connect the hotel to the NYNY and Excalibur.My most recent stay was in a renovated room with a nice flat screen TV and an entertainment console (could never get it to work though). There is a mini-bar fridge and the requisite $20 cans of nuts on top. There is an "entertainment" kit containing USB, AV and other media cable for $30 + fees. Be careful though, the dry items are on a tray with a weight sensor and the items in the refrigerator are on a sensor. If you move it you will be charged and you have to argue with the front desk to get the (not actually consumed or used) items removed from the bill.The "resort fee" went up to $25, which is insane since they took out some of the perks.The check-in process has changed a bit. Instead of picking a line, or being directed to one and hoping it moves quickly there are now two queues. Both lines moved quickly and now people who have complicated check-ins or would previously hold up the line for whatever reason don't prevent the line from moving.Overall I stay here because they have a good rate for their players club members. But we don't spend a lot of time besides sleeping in this resort.
3	My wife and I have stayed at the mgm 3 times now and i don't think we'll be going back for a 4th.  The first time we went was for our honeymoon and everything went great, the room in the honeymoon suite was huge, the bathroom had a hot tub in it and even though everything was kinda dated it was still very nice. Overall we had a great time.The second time we went with family and made reservations well in advance specifically requesting non-smoking adjoining rooms, however when we got there they informed us that a) they didn't have any adjoining rooms available and b) they only had smoking rooms available and the only way we could get either option was if we paid extra to upgrade to a bigger room.  We decided to just keep the rooms we had, but when we got to our rooms our keycards didn't work so we had to go downstairs to have them reset, however they still didn't work when we tried them.  I don't remember exactly how many times we had to go up and down to get the the keycards reset but i do remember that it took about 2 hours and that they wouldn't give us a new room, instead they offered to let us check out 2 hours later than normal, which didn't really matter to us.The most recent time we went we got the petite king room.  The room was pretty tiny, but it didn't really matter too much because it was just the 2 of us and we just stayed one night.  The layout was a bit weird because the door leads into the bathroom, with the toilet being the closest thing to the front door.  Theres no bathtub, but the shower is pretty large which is nice. One big complaint is that the soundproofing is terrible and you can hear everything going on in the hallways and in the rooms next to you.  During our trip we went to the casinos in the Aria, the Bellagio, and the MGM and personally I thought the MGM's wasn't as nice as the other two.  The cocktail waitresses were terrible, in the 5 hours I was in the casino they only brought me 4 drinks and even though I tipped every single time only one waitress came back to see if I wanted a second drink.  Lastly, when we ate at the buffet, nobody came to get our drink order until twenty minutes after we arrived and then they never came back to get us refills.Honestly, if we didn't have such fond memories from our honeymoon trip I would probably just give them 1 or 2 stars.
3	Do you like urine and facial hair scattered around your bathroom? .................... Neither do I. That my friends, is the difference between a 4 star and a 3 star review.I booked a "New Grand King" room through Hotels.com. The room at first glance was beautiful. It was a recently re-modeled room, complete with a bright (and huge) vanity-style bathroom mirror (any gal's dream), a huge bed, and a big window with a city view. I loved it.... until of course I noticed (what I assumed was) urine stains all over the toilet, and (what I'm sure was) facial hair sprinkled all over the sink. Yay. If that's not sure to turn a smile into a frown then I don't know what is.Other than that, we enjoyed our stay. I wasn't particulary fond of the bed pillows, but my boyfriend thought our bed was very comfortable. We didn't have any other problems with the room, and the service at the MGM Grand was excellent.A word of advice: don't go to the MGM Grand buffet unless you like being disappointed. It was terrible. On the bright side, there is a small fourt court inside the Casino (with a 24 hr Mcdonald's for all of you late-night drunkies), in addition to Starbucks and a few other cafes and restaurants.**WHEN CHECKING OUT: Don't wait in the insanely long line in the lobby. Use your room phone to call Guest Services and check-out that way (that's what we did, and it was a breeze). You can also check-out using your television.**Overall, I'm not sure if I would stay here again.
3	Decent on-strip hotel.. The rooms and beds are comfortable. They have done some renovated but this hotel in general maintains the dated feel. It's far enough away from the majority of clubs and attractions that I would caution staying here during the summer if you are planning on walking at all. In case you didn't know, Vegas is in the middle of the desert and gets HOT. The one thing MGM has going for them as relief for the summer heat is Wet Republic, their pool/daytime club. I think the drinks and admission during peak season is probably absurd for me. Bummer. Reasonably cute ladies tend to get drinks and extra perks here for free.Vegas at night in the winter ladies, I wouldn't want to be expected to walk from here in a mini-dress and heels. "Brr.. Ouch... Brrr.. Ouch"  Doesn't sound like a fun plan to me.
4	I love having 100 channels. I hate not being able to see them because of a bad signal. I also hate dodging taxis while trying to get back and forth from valet.
2	Can you say old, tired, and dated??Unfortunately, the MGM has seen its brightest days go and pass. As we walked into the lobby, half of the entire space was sectioned off (possibly for remodeling?). The hotel felt like a construction zone! Seriously. One of pet peeves is keeping something open while trying to do an extensive remodel. It simply doesn't work! I don't know why anyone would stay here with all the hammering, noise, and dust. The lobby basically has nothing fun to do in it. The hotel is also on the end of the strip making it harder to get to where the action is (Cosmopolitan, Bellagio, Planet Hollywood, Paris).  They even took away the live tigers (which were the only reason to make a trip to the MGM).Let's hope this remodel is a complete overall of the hotel. Otherwise, I think MGM has seen its better days.MGM Resorts should focus on their flagship properties that are actually modern and entertaining. (It is embarrassing in my opinion to have a resort open with your flagship MGM branding on it that is subpar to most of the other resorts on the strip.)
3	I have stayed in MGM twice now and it is a middling experience. The rooms are comfy, a good size, and clean enough. The amenities are also good enough, but the bathroom is where the magic happens--with its crazy mirror, silly! Most recently I stated here for the Lady Gaga concert and it was just about the perfect place for our Supermodel Documentary Hour before the show. The next morning we ran into a bit of a hiccup when the housekeeping barged in at 9am with no real wait after knocking. At $200/night with a discount, needless to say I was pissed. I called down to the front desk, where they took off the resort fee. $25 back in my pocket...thanks MGM! Another complaint is the fact that for seven full days after the stay, a $128 pending charge was on my credit card. I had paid in advance and the waived resort fee was only supposed to be $25, so $128 was not looking pretty every time I logged in. Eventually it was dropped, but why hold so much money for so long? I called to ask but didn't get a real answer, so no harm, no foul. I probably wouldn't choose to stay here again since the action is further down the Strip but it all worked out in the end.
4	They're currently updating the front of the casino and, as a result,  they've removed the lion habit!Bummer......
2	This hotel is pretty, but it is always crowded.  The valet line is too long and I never win on any of their games.  My biggest complaint is that this hotel's pillows are hard as a rock and are absolutely the worst thing for a person that has had a long night of drinking.  It is also very noisy in the hallways, and the airport is close enough to wake you up to the sound of helicopter tours early in the morning...  However there is excellent service here and the buffet is one of the best buffets on the strip, not to mention included with your stay.  It is also in a nice location near some other fun casinos. But I don't think I will be staying here ever again if not completely because of how horribly uncomfortable the pillows are... where does the money go?
3	Casino Review Only:MGM has a perfectly fine casino - nothing special, but all of the bells and whistles. I have not played any table games here, but my friends played poker and said the dealers were good and knew what they were doing (which wasn't always the case at other places, like Excalibur). The sports book here is mediocre. People talk it up, but I wasn't a big fan. It's only a few rows deep and very wide, which isn't so much the issue. Rather, the people here are probably the worst I have come across in Vegas. Not to say they're rude...but they're not friendly. Other places have terrific Sports Book employees (Paris is the best in my mind), but MGM's are not too great. Bathrooms are relatively common and clean enough. They have a 24 hour Starbucks location which is nice. Could use a couple more (and better) places to grab a quick bite.
4	I have stayed here multiple times when I was younger and a couple times when I turned 21. Needless to say the needed to upgrade and i would usually stay else where. But after the new remodeling I am impressed. When you walk in you are no longer greeted by the smell of cigarette smoke more a great vanilla smell. Which is a great sign. The new rooms are great. Beds are comfy new blinds to blackout the light after long nights. The shower and water pressure is just right. I recommend staying in the newly remodeled rooms it is worth it. Great job MGM getting back in the game. Also get to the buffet early for the early bird special, and just about every line of food has a stock of bacon so bacon lovers are more then welcome.
1	What a tired, sad excuse of a formerly good (though never great) hotel.  So many better properties have met the wrecking ball but this behemoth keeps chugging along like a locomotive from hotel hell.  Service woes begin at check in and continue throughout your stay.  Seriously, unless someone else is paying for your stay, you're better off sleeping in your car.
4	Everyone was very helpful and accommodating. The bell desk held our luggage all day after check out, due to our late flight. We were upgraded to a Grand Tower room, instead of the West Wing, upon arrival because our original room was not ready. Our casino had everything & was always bustling with people. The theatre was a nice size. There were plenty of restaurants to choose from, each with a different facade. Food court could have been a little more extensive for quick bites. The Grand Buffet is great for breakfast! We ate there twice & liked it both times. There were some renovations going on while there, but nothing that affected our stay. Rooms were a nice size and kept pretty clean. The bathroom in the rooms are nothing fancy. The hallways could have been kept a little cleaner. Great views of the Strip from all parts of the hotel.
1	My family decided to have a 3 day luxury vacation on 2/20/2013 - 2/22/2013.  I made a big mistake; a huge mistake to picked MGM.  On 2/1, I reserved the room (they named it Skyline Marquee Suite), paid a fairly high price.  On 2/3, I sent an email to reserve 4 tickets for the show "KA" in the hotel.  On 2/5, I called in and confirmed that the tickets will be ready at the time we check in.Finally, the day arrived and we drove to MGM with a great happy holiday mood.  We arrive at 4pm and the room was not ready.  When asked, "Please wait around, we don't know when will it be ready but I will call you."  Of course, there were no show tickets.  2 adults and 2 kids, we were walking around the hotel (with our bags and cases) from front desk to concierge desk to box office (each of them following a line), still no show tickets.Finally we got into our suites.  I need some robe.  I called the housekeeping requesting 4 pairs of sleepers.  The housekeeping told me there are sleepers in the bathroom.  After seriously searching around all the 2 bathrooms while talking on the phone, I still find no sleepers.  After a lot of conversation finally I have to yell "could you please bring us 4 pairs of sleepers anyways? 30 minutes later, the sleepers were delivered.  The sleepers are inside the robe inside the closet, not in the bathroom.Next morning, I walked my family to a Grand Canyon Tour downstairs at 6:00.  Partially dressed; still sleepy like hell, at 6:10, I could not open the door because the room key decided to quit working.  I went to the front desk and was asked to show ID to help me get back into my room.  I had no ID with me.  MGM computer was down and cannot verify my key and give me another key.  I had no ID, no money, no room, no working key, was so sleepy and so poorly dressed.  I surrender.  I wanted to sleep on the carpet.  The manager heard my horrible experience and decided to waive some money from my bill.  I don't want money; I want my show, my bed, and my nice luxury trip back.It is my first visit to MGM and of course the last visit too.  Next time if someone invites me there, I would sleep in my car instead.  At least I can always open my car with my key without showing my ID.
4	Great hotel- it is HUGE. But being on one end of the strip it's quite a treck to get anywhere by walking. This place has everything. Very beautiful . Pool is great!
2	I would have given this hotel a higher rating but it was SO smokey. I'm sorry I thought it was 2013- why are people still allowed to smoke wherever they want in this place? Some of it is to be expected throughout any casino, but this was overwhelming. I had trouble eating at some of the restaurants because they are wide open and people can smoke right next to your table. My friend got stuck on a smoking floor, because there weren't any other rooms available, and she said it was like someone was chain smoking in her room. Disgusting. I can't wait for Vegas to get with the times and ban smoking indoors like the rest of the world.
4	We got into Vegas around 1 or 2 and were immediately greeted by the valet who took care of our car and a bellman who took our bags.  After waiting in an obscenely long check in line, we were informed that our room was ready (thankfully).  We got upstairs and the room was awesome (I've uploaded photos of our suite/bathroom).  Our initial booking was a deal that came with a $75 meal credit towards any of the MGM eateries.  The room itself was spacious and clean and had zero trace of that awful smoky smell you can't escape in the actual casino downstairs.  I didn't see any sign of construction in the casino so I assume they're done with all that and the lion habitat won't be coming back but I'm not 100% sure.The room was at the end of a very long hallway which provided for a nice seclusion but a pain in my butt when I was wearing heels or needed something from the ice/vending machine.  There was a room across from ours that seemed to be quite full or having a party but once inside our room, there wasn't much noise infiltration so the soundproofing was pretty good - very important to a light sleeper like me!  Also helpful so the finicky sleeper were the awesome remote control window shades in sheer and blackout so you could filter out most/all the light from the 2 giant windows.  And the remote control panel was fun in a James Bond kind of way.  The room had a decent sized flat screen tv and hook ups for your computer (usb, etc) built into the desk as well as a large L-shaped couch, ottoman, and a large bed...I think we had a king.  There was ample drawer space and 2 safes in the room.  There was an easy to use iron/ironing board in the closet with plenty of hangars.  We didn't have a fridge but I saw a note saying you could ask for one.  The bed was awesome, but the pillows were not my favorite.  They had some give to them but unlike a memory foam pillow, they didn't really spring back much they just kind of deflated under my head..but like I said, I'm a very uptight person about sleeping habits.  The bathroom I never wanted to leave!  I'm fairly certain it's bigger than my entire bedroom.  It had a huge vanity counter with double mirrors and a storage shelf underneath.  The toilet was partially walled off and the shower and tub were adjacent but not connected.  The jacuzzi tub was awesome and didn't take long to fill up at all.  There was a rain-style showerhead in the shower with great water pressure.  The towels were nice and soft and everything in the bathroom looked clean.  One of the afternoons we were there a maid actually came into our room without knocking so make sure you put the DND sign on the door if you want your privacy and there are no chain locks on the doors so tilt the handle up once inside to lock out people even with a room key.  There was one day we left the room a bit on the later side and took the sign off to have the room cleaned but no one ever came.  Thankfully they'd cleaned the day before when we'd left although I thought it was weird to realize the cleaning lady had been watching our tv in our room because the channel had been changed to a Spanish one and the tv had been swiveled into a different position.  We had some issues with the internet and the front desk was very apologetic and sent someone up which fixed it instantly.  Due to the trouble, they added an extra $25 resort credit to our bill.  Then we had an issue charging to the room at one of the restaurants so they added another $25 credit.  We had an issue as well with my bf trying to charge the room to his credit card but the hold on it was larger than what they put on if it's a debit card (oddly the opposite of renting a car) so he ended up having 2 pending charges on separate cards and had to have the credit card company talk to the front desk guy to get one of the holds removed which was a bit of a pain but again...$25 resort fee.  Not bad really, that means we essentially got $150 taken off our total bill at the end.Also the concierge was super helpful and friendly when we bought our tickets to LOVE.Overall, I would GLADLY stay at the MGM again.  Super easy access to cabs, shuttles, monorail, and good places to eat downstairs. Friendly, knowledgeable staff and well-kept rooms.
4	Huge hotel lots to do, much to eat drink and play
4	This is the first time that we have stayed at MGM Grand hotel.  We stayed there for 3 nights, and we enjoyed it here.  The room was very spacious, modern, tastefully decorated, and well-lit.  The elevators ran very smoothly and efficiently even with a huge convention happening the same three days that we were there.  According to the gentleman who checked us in, he got us a room in one of the newer towers so we were fortunate.  Our view was of New York New York, Tropicana, and Excalibur.  We only used our car once during our stay here because the MGM is walking distance to everywhere cool on the Strip.My only complaint is that we did not win a single penny in their casino!  Oh well, I'd stay here again anyways.
5	Awesome lady at checkin. Very friendly at almost one am. Take it from a hotel clerk at a less busy place every, that's a huge deal in my book! Though we weren't being dbags sooo that's to be expected :p  spa suite is lovely!my travel partner was impressed with the renovations, just finished 4 months ago, so there's that! I love the movie light in the room! And cheese and rice, I think you can plug anything into the plugin thing on the tv stand desk, yes very technical I know. Hey. It's my first morning in Vegas and I'm recovering :p I didn't hear planes at all while sleeping. I love the shades! Automatic with a few settings, sheer blackout or both. I personally love the view, it's the side with hooters, the desert!!! And mountains!!!  Can't really say enough good about the room! Very little bad if any! If you want a fridge, they're 35 dollars which I suppose is nothing when you're in Vegas lol. And I'm in VEGAS!!!! screw most of my dietary restrictions.
4	3.5* DATE: Sunday, December 16, 2012 - Tuesday, December 17, 2012ROOM TYPE: New Grand KingLENGTH OF STAY: 2 nightsRATE: $63.20/night after taxes @ http://hotels.com (Resort fee paid for at check-in.)___________________________________We booked this hotel the same day we left for Las Vegas and were happy to have found something reasonably priced. Our expectations were rather low since we were used to staying at the newer, nicer hotels in Las Vegas but we were pleasantly surprised by how modern the rooms were and what a nice job they had done with the renovations. Definitely better than other hotels of it's class including the Mirage and the Treasure Island. I'd say the same about the Hard Rock as well but each time I've stayed there, I've been upgraded to the King Suite in the HRH All-Suite Tower.. which is, of course, not a fair comparison.We checked in at 2am, so there was no line. The check-out process was easy and the simplified with the availability of a stack of cards next to a check-out box by the elevator.As is the case with many of the older casino resorts in Las Vegas, be prepared for a bit of a trek between the self-park lot to the room.
4	I can remember the day MGM first opened. I loved the huge lion at the entrance haha. Now that I am upwards of 21 and can actually enjoy Vegas, I have found myself at this hotel quite often.Even though a bit older, MGM offers nice clean rooms at reasonable rates. Over the years they have done upgrades that keep the decor and rooms nice and modern.Here is my breakdown.-Casino-I am not a big gambler, but my bf is. The dealers are always very nice and friendly, and the servers come around regularly and provide drinks. Never too busy, so you can usually get a spot at the table of your choice.-Pool* Decent, but nothing spectacular.-Restaurants-I have tried a few here. *Wolfgang Puck-Very good. The pizza we ordered here was great, Nice modern decor. Service was great as well*Pearl-Great! I love sushi, and they were awesome. Their fish was fresh and flavorful. They offered some nice sake choices as well. Very nicely designed interior and friendly service.*The grand wok-Eating healthy in vegas can be hard. TGW is a great healthy option thats quick and easy to grab. Everything is made to order and cooked on the spot. They offer a variety of meats and veggies to suite everyones taste.*Sugar factory-I have left a great 5 star review for the main SF. Although smaller, this SF is awesome as well.Shopping-They offer a variety of little shops and boutiques here ranging from souvenirs to rolex. They have a women's boutique here that I absolutely love, but I am blanking on the name. It sells both high end and moderate priced clothing, shoes, and bags. They have a great selection and always seem to have a sale going on.Shows-My boyfriend gambled his way to a comp show the first day we were staying here, so off to KA we went. I have been to many CDS shows in Vegas, and always loved them. KA was good, but not great. I would rate is a 4/5. I guess Le Reve still has my vote.Nightlife-I used to enjoy MGM's nightlife, but as with all clubs they have their time. Although their clubs are still busy, they are not my goto places any longer. Crowds are not great, and they never really have any good talent. Bigger clubs like XS always have the big name dj's. However, i am very excited for Hakasan to open. I think this new spot will be an awesome addition to MGM and re-vamp their nightlife. You can't go wrong with Tiesto as a resident either.Overall I really like MGM and would recommend it. Nice clean rooms, great service, nice choice of restaurants, and good casino. Lastly at a moderate price, you can't go wrong.
2	MGM Grand Hotel was one of my favorite Casino in Las Vegas.  Now I have to change my mind.  There Hotel service is way down and checking in takes way too long.  MGM I will keep my business with your family Casino line Aria and Etc.  But I don't think I will be stay in MGM Grand Hotel anymore.  Very disappointed!
3	My husband and I stayed here for two nights for our 15th anniversary.  It was ok.First things first. YOU WILL PAY 25 A NIGHT FOR A RESORT FEE FOR EVERY SINGLE ROOM AND EVERY NIGHT YOU STAY.  ALSO - THERE IS TAX ON THAT FEE.Check in at the airport was easy.  We took advantage of paying 20 for an early check in  - even though it pisses me off that they wont just let you have the room if it is clean and available anyway.  We were told we had a strip view.  When we finally made it to our room we had a view of the airport. Really? That is the strip? Yeah, I guess so, the landing strip. Whatever.  We dont spend a lot of time in the room anyway so we didnt bitch but come on it was our 15th anniversary - no upgrade or strip view?The water tastes nasty so we bought some bottled water but couldnt even use the fridge because it was full of their ridiculously expensive crap that they wanted you to buy. 8.50 for some mini snickers? Seriously? 8 for a bottle of water? come on.The casino is nice.  It is clean. I could never get on a 10 blackjack table cuz they were so crowded and there are NO 5 tables here.  We played slots and didnt win a thing- go figure.Didnt see a lot of servers bringing drinks around so we walked over to Hooters and had better luck with everything.Great choices for eating - try project pie downstairs - best pizza ever!Love that we could hop the monorail so easily from mgm. we used it several times.Would we come back? maybe? meh.
3	I haven't stayed at MGM Grand for at least 15 years.  So I was glad to see that the old Wizard of Oz decor that they use to have was done away with, as the look of the hotel was much better.  Upon entering, there is a fragrance that is throughout the lobby ... couldn't quite place it, but pleasant nonetheless.  They also have videos behind the check in desk, I imagine in an effort to keep you occupied since the process of checking in takes an act of congress at any hotel in Vegas.Contrary to what my associates said when they checked in, my little check in lady was very pleasant.  Perhaps she had just started her shift and hadn't had time to be beat down by people.  LOL.I think my one complaint about this place was that I stayed in the main hotel and there was no coffee pot, yet the Signature has coffee pots in the rooms.  I get it, you want me to pay for coffee, like everything else, but can't a gal have one cup after rolling out of bed?!As with all Vegas hotels, they pump oxygen into them which by Day #2, has completely made my nasal passages raw.  MGM was nowhere near as bad as over at Mandalay Bay, about doing this, but still enough to be annoying each morning.  Lots of decent restaurants and bars.  I did not go to Tabu because I had read the reviews and opted not to waste my time.All in all, it was a decent stay ... but had I had a coffee pot in my room, they might have earned an extra star!!
4	When I travel to Vegas for work, I basically move in.  I'll stay at the hotel anywhere from 4-7 days at a time, which is FOREVER in Vegas hours.  Honestly, of all the casino-hotels that I've stayed in, MGM is at the top so far (although I will be staying at the Venetian and Mandalay Bay later this year...so we'll see how it compares).  My standards are different than other people's since I'm NOT there do get wasted and go crazy at clubs.  I'm always there for work.Here are the pros for MGM:1) The elevators to the Grand/West towers are RIGHT by the lobby check-in.  There is nothing I hate more than dragging my suitcase through the casino for 10 minutes, or having to walk through the casino every time I want to leave the hotel.  It was really nice that the elevators were convenient and quick to get to.2) The casino didn't seem as smokey as other casinos, such as Caesars or the Mirage.  My eyes didn't get irritated in the walk from my room to the conference area, which was nice. 3) There is a good mix of restaurants -- cheap places to eat like McDonalds (where I'd get my morning coffee for cheap) and really expensive restaurants like Shibuya sushi or Knob Hill.4) My room was QUIET!  Normally I'm woken up once a night while staying in Vegas -- either by outside noise, noise from the room next door, or from the hallway.  I wasn't woken up even once during my 4 nights/5 days at the MGM.  Be aware, the rooms are basic if you're staying in the Grand Tower.  (But black-out blinds are the best.)5) The resort rate includes the use of the 4th floor cardio room.  If you stay at Caesar's, it's $25 PER DAY to use their fitness center, which is the only place you can exercise.  The cardio room is VERY VERY SMALL for the size of the hotel, however--just 12 or so machines.  Luckily, I had free access to the spa fitness center thanks to the conference I was attending.6) I was able to get a 1pm late checkout and the folks at the check-in area were very nice.Cons:1) If you're there for a conference, the conference area + ballroom is pretty far away from the Grand tower hotel rooms.  You walk through the casino, through The District (the area of restaurants/shops), down an escalator, through a hallway (past the outdoor pool area), and then outside and to the ballroom which is a separate building.  It's a little odd, but luckily the weather was nice and didn't affect our walks outside.  2) The District area closes pretty early by Vegas standards.  I really wanted froyo one evening after a business dinner, and they were closed!  It was kind of a bummer for someone like me who doesn't get wasted and gamble a ton in Vegas.3) My bed was squeaky, which would only have been really annoying if my boyfriend had come with me on the trip.  :-)
1	So during your stay, $200 are taken out from your credit card incase you break something in the hotel... when i checkedout they said the money would be returned my account in a few days. well its been 13 buisness days and still no money. found out it was given to the wrong account!
3	Stayed her back in the middle of December in 2012. Got a really good rate and stayed a few nights. It was my first time to Vegas and this hotel was okay. It being a larger scale hotel, you feel a bit overlooked at both check-in and check-out and not to valued. We did have a nice room on a top floor with a great view of the strip. One night i asked for turn down service, and that never came. One day we asked for our room to be cleaned around 12pm, and it was cleaned at 6pm. When i called to ask to be upgraded to a suite, i was told it was not available (however the suite was viewable on there website). I paid for a resort fee, but was not able to utilize any of the perks of that because the pool/gym were closed, no newspaper was delivered, and horrible WiFi. We self parked as well. Wasn't a horrible stay, but won't return.
4	I was not not overly concerned with how our hotel room would be. My experience at Vegas hotels were a bit like a snowglobe. All pretty and shiny until you look inside and its just cheap plastic. MGM exceeded my expectations, not that it was hard, I didn't have really high expectations! The hotel was great, the room very comfortable. If I were to point out a few negatives it would be that there was a spectacular view of a wall, a weird green X-Files type glow in the room due to the outside lighting and the "open concept" style of the room (ie: The bathroom is in the entrance. Make sure you have the "do not disturb" sign up as housekeeping could catch a view. There is no door to bathroom, it leads into the room and the glass door on the shower & toilet don't do much for privacy.) The room itself was very nice. In Vegas there isn't much time for sleep, so it served its purpose. I'd stay there again.Oh, and yes, the hotel is under construction due to the removal of the lion exhibit (check out youtube as to why). It wasn't overly annoying though. Not enough to discourage my review.
5	Very nice hotel and rooms that are so dark you sleep like you have never slept before.  I will stay here again. My only complaint is they spray so much air fresher in the casino
3	I have stayed at a number of the hotels in Vegas over the years. The MGM's rooms are really nice, the beds are great, clean. The Staff is wonderful from the front desk, to the dealers to people at the McDonalds in the food court. I have seen some really great concerts at the Garden Arena, wonderful venue to see a show. The comedy club downstairs was nice too, great comics & good drinks, service was a little slow in the club.
1	The cleaning ladies STOLE my husbands TWO wedding rings and Bulova watch... Over $4,000 in jewlery... Need I say more??? The  hotel manager tried to say that the cleaning ladies "don't clean in the rooms, just the hallway"... SERIOUSLY??? They DON"T clean IN the rooms?? You have got to be  kidding me. Thieves. Negative stars for you MGM GRAND
4	the newer suites are very roomy and nice.  kind of dark, but hey everyone looks more beautiful in the dark.
4	Ive been coming here since they opened in 1994. Recent remodel helped the rooms immensely. They did a nice job on the bed. Very comfortable. Good selection of movies. No nasty smoke smell in the rooms, so the filtration must be pretty good. They have pretty decent insulation from the shinanigans going on in the other rooms. A few people next door were trying to copy The Hangover, but only heard them in the hallway. The casino was mostly nice, a little confusing layout. I love the pool area and outdoor lounge. Very relaxing.
3	The hotel is Wonderful but when I went to their mc Donalds in the food court the managers were very rude, some of the employees were nice, food was ok, no $1 drinks though and only 1 refill
1	This is the worst of the Las Vegas hotels at which I've stayed.  The rooms are tiny, it feels relatively old, and it's dirty.  The layout is terrible.  We spent half our trip walking from place to place within the hotel.  Our shower leaked.  Someone was sleeping in the hallway outside our room for an entire night.  The furniture in our room fell apart.  And these are the best things about the hotel.They must draw people in because it's a bit cheaper than the nearby hotels, but it's not at all worth it.  Definitely will not return.
3	Not a satisfied customer of the MGM Grand Hotel.  MGM Grand is very large which makes it difficult to get anywhere you are trying to go without having to walk all over the place.  My brother and I asked for a smoking room which they told us they did not have available, and had to accept what was given.  The inside of the room was nice and clean, however the view out of our window was horrible.  The window was so filthy it was almost impossible to see through it at night, and when we did wake up the next morning, we had a view of the roof from the building below.  I believe the only view we had was the McDonald's arches from the street acrosw the way.  The spotlights located on top of the roof were facing towards our window which resulted in us being blinded all night unless we put the shade down.  Every seven or eight minutes, the TV satellite would lose connection and it would take about 15 seconds to recover which meant we missed certain parts of our show or movie.  It wasn't a big deal because we spent most of our time outside of our room, but was completely unnecessary and should have been corrected.  After staying for two nights, and receiving my bill, I was charged hotel fees for both nights that we stayed, which totaled up to around $85.  I would not recommend this hotel to any of my friends and family, especially for the price that we paid.
2	5 star prices 2 star service!!!!There was no view for us, but rather an eyesore of the roof below.Green outer spotlights of the hotel blinded us while in the room during the night hours  essentially rendering the window completely useless and a hindrance.  I would have  expected the hotel to at least wash the outer windows effected by the lights as it certainly showcased just how absolutely filthy they were.  Fortunately we had the option of completely blacking out the window by lowering the shade, otherwise sleeping would have required sedation.  Our shower clogged leaving us standing in 8 inches of water before stepping out.The Ice machine was a quarter of a mile walk outside our hotel room door, all the way down the hall and into another hallway.  Nothing was complimentary, not even a bottled water.Internet WI/FI prices were ridiculous, around 20 dollars for 10 hours beginning from when you accepted the terms, not actual usage time.Plan on walking great distances for just about anything you want at this hotel.Certainly I shouldn't expect to pay anything less than premium at any hotel on the strip, however, at $500 for two nights, a few complimentary waters, some free Internet access, and somewhat of a view would have been nice.  No need to elaborate any further on those items that are completely unacceptable.
2	Booked hotel more than a month ahead of arrival. Two days before arriving we get an email saying our room rate has gone up. So what was the point of making a reservation? To their credit I called and they changed it back to the original rate, but it was a total waste of time. Checking in was no better. Room size we reserved was not available at check in again why? Room was just okay. Faucet falling off wall in shower. Maid service not so good did not change sheets or finish cleaning room. We are two fifty year olds not like we made a huge mess. Coffee cups?Hotel is large not labeled well especially West Lobby where all tours leave from. Pools were very nice and pool grill was good. TV's signal went down a lot. Wifi just okay.
2	While the MGM Grand is a huge hotel that has a lot to offer, they obviously lack a certain attention to detail. We had 4 rooms here for our friend's birthday for 3 nights and we all noticed the little things that MGM lacked that other hotels had.1. There is 1 ice machine per floor. Seeing as there is 150+ rooms per floor, it was not surprising that the machine could not keep up. When we called down to the front desk to let them know, they initially argued that a tech would look into the issue. After some time, they finally agreed to send up a "complimentary" bucket of ice. Glad that staying in a suite, they could shell out for ice for us! The bucket arrived one hour later.2. One of the worst sportsbook/cashier setups I have experienced. We bet on March Madness and when we tried to cash in our tickets after dinner, the sportsbook was closing so they said to check in with cashier. When we got there, they said we couldn't cash in our tickets until 1130. Seeing as how we were going to bet the tables we didn't mind at the time. When we came back at midnight, they said come back at 130. We came back then and they said come back at 330. Finally at 330 they admitted that their ONE machine to cash in sports bets was not working. Really ONE machine for a casino this big? Almost makes me wonder if they purposely try to discourage you from cashing in bets.3. We got a suite so we would have a place to watch the March Madness games. Unfortunately the cable constantly cut out (at least 6 times during Kansas/Michigan game).4. Shower drains at extremely slow rate so plan on standing in your dirty water throughout your shower.5. When using the iron on the first night, it spewed brown water all over my shirt. Not sure if it was from previous starch or just old water but was nice to start the trip with a stained shirt.6. There are no lights besides 4 lamps in the 2 bedroom suite. They had a weird spotlight in the corner that was more for show than anything but you really were walking around in the dark, well unless you opened your shades and wanted to get blinded by green lights on outside of hotel.7.  The suite is pretty nice but lacks certain features that other hotels has. We were looking for the mini fridge to put some stuff in and found out that it's a $35 charger per night to have a fridge.8. There advertising is deceiving. Yes, every casino now charges you resort fees without any choice, but it's annoying that they say you have free Wi-Fi when you are paying an extra $30/day in resort fees to cover that. And don't even think about using the business center unless you want to take out a loan.We've been coming to Vegas annually for past 10 years and stayed at a number of casinos including Treasure Island, Mirage, NY NY, and Aria. This was the first time we stayed at MGM Grand and while it's obvious they have done some upgrades, overall I wasn't impressed, especially for the price. Next year's trip we will be staying elsewhere.
4	Room is outstanding,  comfy and quiet.  Well worth the extra cash.  Just don't ask for directions on how the room works, the staff is not fully trained yet.
5	What is there not to like about the Green Monster?  You have everything under one roof: plenty of shows, the most high-end dining (Joel Robuchon) to casual eats (a full food court). Many people complain this place is too big, but if you think about it, there is not much of a reason to leave the property.  The pool area is huge, with several small pools, a lazy river and a day club.I can't imagine nor wait, how much more happening this already great property will be once Hakkasan opens in a few weeks!
2	For the most part this is a great hotel, but there are aspects I was not a fan of.As with anything in Las Vegas, you are nickeled and dimed A LOT. An additional $25 per night if you want a mini fridge seems a tad ridiculous to me, as well as a $50 fee if you move the mini bar items around to make room for your own beverages or snacks? CRAZY. Also, $3 for a vending machine soda? Not happening. There was also a sign near the pool offering 2 complimentary inter tubes for the river pool, but in fact they are $16 an hour even to hotel guests. Requested a room with a view of the Strip, received a room with a view of the airport, the roof below, and a LOT of green hotel.There was also not a discount to hotel guests for any shows happening inside the hotel. Yes it was free to get into the pool and the nightclub, but with the food and drink prices jacked up to what they were you are better off scoring free drink wristlets at a different hotel and paying a cover to get in. Construction made getting around the hotel a pain at times. A little far from the big events and happenings on the Strip. Towards the quieter end of the Strip. Super comfortable bed and great bathroom lighting, plus complimentary hair dryer. Overall, a nice hotel, but I expected more for what I was paying.
4	The MGM IS a grand hotel.It's beautiful, timeless elegance has been part of the strips elite as long as I can remember.They have a huge, very well kept casino, service and atmosphere is simply lovely.However, it is a bit...yawn...when it comes to a wild Vegas weekend.It is more for the older, relaxed crowd, or if you want a quiet place to sleep while on the strip.The location is ideally located right at the beginning of the strip, all is good here.
2	Took us 40 minutes to check in on a Sunday night because they only had 3 people at the desk. I complained and at least they upgraded us to a Stay Well room which is pretty fancy. But the overall place lacks staff. They said they are working on it but I mean come on it's not like they just opened, they've been in business for over 20 years.... Hadn't stayed here before and I won't stay here again. And dont even get me started about that stupid $28 resort fee that you cant get away from.
1	Stayed there March 31st for 5 days. Got a standard room and was VERY disappointed in how small it was. It also seemed very "cheap" in it's furnishings. But there were problems on top of that. The water went out during one morning, making it impossible to shower, or even wash our hands. Additionally the TV was CONSTANTLY losing it's signal. The front desk was not helpful in either of these situations and didn't so much as offer a comp. Additionally the walls were so thin that we were woke up several times by people in the next rooms as well as the halls. I've stayed at a LOT of Vegas hotels and NONE of them has a smaller room, or such ridiculous issues. I feel like I could have stayed at a generic motel and got roughly equal "luxury" for the money. -Tiny rooms-Thin walls (noisy sleeping)-Cheap furnishings-Water went out-TV went out-Window washer came by early in the Am and banged on our windowThe MGM is the WORST experience I have ever had in Las Vegas.
5	When I went to Las Vegas last year (or 2, it's all a blur), this was the hotel my friend and I stayed at. I have to say that I was really impressed with the hotel. The lobby is absolutely gorgeous. We also received great customer service, see there was small mix up in the reservation where they were going to only give us 1 bed (we're close friends but not that close), but the check in person handled it professionally and courteously and within a few minutes it had been corrected without any additional charges.  Our room was great, I slept great the first night I arrived....after that I barely slept, because c'mon this is Vegas baby. We had all the conveniences right there in the hotel from the casino, restaurants, stores, and shops. While we were there they even had a lion/tigers den with REAL lions/tigers (heard it was removed now). And I had a so much fun just gambling in the lobby. I didn't really get to experience the restaurants with the exception of McD's (let's just say I learned a valuable lesson in Vegas...I'm not cut out to be a gambler), but if I ever go back I'm def going to have to give it a try. Overeall, we had a amazing time and I hope to be back.
1	Poor customer service, very poor! Security guards followed me upstairs for three days! This is supposed to be one of the better properties? I was treated better at hooters casino across the street, and that place is a dank in the worst way! Front desk don't tell much unless you tip! Hotel room bathroom leaked! Won't tell you easy exit to Las Vegas blvd, because they want you to get lost in casino and by stuff, or gamble!
2	My wife and I stayed here for a few days during a nursing conference. We won't be back. The rooms are as far away as possible from everything else, so we spent half of our time just walking from one part of the complex to another. The whole place is too loud, too crowded, and since we don't gamble, having to cross the casino to get to something as simple as the pool or the buffet was an exercise in frustration. The room was very cheaply done; there wasn't even coffee in the room. We could have gone half a block down the street and stayed at the Motel 6 and gotten better amenities. The TV signal dropped out about every 5 minutes, and in the bathroom, the only thing separating the shower from the toilet was a cheap, piece of plastic sheeting that is so loose it has worn a hole in the ceiling. The pool complex is only open until 6 PM. What is up with that? The conference went until 5 every day, so there was no opportunity to make the ungodly-long trek back to our room and change to swim, because by the time we did that the whole thing was closed. Everything about this hotel, conference center, and casino, screams "CHEAP!" Clearly, greed rules in this place, and the customer is nothing more than a money container to be sucked dry.
4	I've stayed here twice in the last three years and it has never let me down! Really nice rooms, clean, great atmosphere. Great pool party at Wet Republic!!
4	The check in girl has some serious attitude, but we got an upgrade so I was immediately happy. We also received free late check out till 3, which helped our hang-overs. The pool's and lazy river are really lush - I would love to live there forever.  The room service food was delicious and super quick. Everything was good, nothing to complain about here. ahh, the lions thing, not cool - better off in the wild.
4	This place is great, make sure you get the Renovated room, not the old ones.  The staff was friendly and the room price was very reasonable.  There's a "food court" in the hotel for some cheap snacks (pizza, McDonald etc) Otherwise the restaurants in here are good as well.
4	Got a New King room and liked the decor.  I'd stay there again.  Just as comfortable as Aria and likely a larger room.  The negative is long check in line.  They need a new system here for such a huge hotel.
3	Compared to a lot of the Vegas hotels, I think MGM stands right at the midpoint--not terribly bad, but not memorable either.  I actually just came back this past weekend and I didn't realize it was also spring break for a lot of college kids so that could have made a big difference.  What was absolutely excruciating was the check in/check out line.  I would have to say that was the worst part of Vegas I've experienced all weekend long.I do have one advice as far as checking in/checking out.  You can somewhat skip the checkin/checkout line by standing in the "Invited Guests" line.  That's what my boyfriend ended up doing while I stood in the other line in case if they rejected him, but they didn't.  Makes sense since the hotel doesn't want to rub off the wrong way to a hotel guest.  Also, beware--their checkout system via T.V. didn't work either so when you do check out, try and look for the ladies who are carrying the little pads, they are able to check you out if you don't want to stand in that 20-30 minute line...  Checking out via those individuals with the pads is that you can't see the charges that have been charged to your room but if you didn't mess with the censored goodies or charged a restaurant bill to your room, you should be good to go.Hope that helps and have a great time in Vegas if you stay at the MGM!!!Lina Chen
3	Stayed here while attending the ACM's. Overall it's a nice hotel ,it's on the more southern end of the Las Vegas strip sitting across from New York New York. The one thing I do not like is how the overall hotel is laid out concerning the casino floor and generally finding your way around. Now, I realize they do this on purpose but yet this hotel seems more confusing than most in its general layout. All of the rooms were fairly up-to-date and no major issues did order room service they quoted an hour in delivered within that hour. The pool looked like the place to be although from your room it's a hike. To give you a sense of how big the property is, I believe I counted four Starbucks within the property itself. They were having quite a bit of construction and some of the restaurants that you would normally eat at were closed. We did eat in a couple their specialty restaurants and those will be covered in a separate Yelp. Overall would I stay here again? If it's up to me and I'm booking the room, the answer would be no. I much prefer Caesar's Palace or Mandalay Bay.
5	I loved this hotel!  Great customer service, and our room was a great deal with a huge comfy bed and a great view.  What more do you need?
4	The stay was rated 5 stars; however, the bell hop lost our luggage!  We stayed in the Skyline Terrace Suite and had an amazing stay and recommend anyone stay there... Just done let them handle your luggage.
4	Beautiful remodel.Smells delicious... bvulgariHakkasan opened and it is gorgeous. We nibbled different cantonese dishes. I really enjoyed the spicy wagyu beef, and the black pepper ribeye. Every veggie side dish is yummyWe saw deadmau5 and it is a great platform for DJs. I really enjoyed the entertainment portion, it really is a beautiful experience and it was nice that dinner rolled into the evening without lines, etcThere is a gift shop before the elevators that sells homemade large cupcakes for $4.00, but after 10:00pm they are $2.00. I usually love red velvet but the oreo is amazing
5	great place to stay. I'd book this place again.
4	Honestly, for the price, we had a great experience. 4 nights, double queens. I put that we had 2 people but we really had 4, but its cheaper that way. We each paid (WITH resort fee) $158 for 4 nights. The hotel room was new, clean and comfortable. The beds and bedding were great. The automatic shades on the window were a LIFE SAVOR. OMG. We pressed the button at 5:30am when we got home each morning, and slept like babies until 10:30 am. House keeping knocked every time and were patient and polite each time we groggily yelled "come back in an hour". The replaced towels every time. The bathroom was spacious. The room was on the small side, but whatever. Like I said, the amenities were brand new. My only complaint is the lighting in the room was too dark. I added my friend's name to the reservation 3 days before hand, and she checked in no problem. We got an upgrade a month prior to staying, and the reservation department changed and adjusted the reservation, no problem. We got our bags brought up no problem. We checked out no problem. The restaurant selections aren't that great, but we enjoyed a reasonably priced great meal at Wolf Gang Puck. They have a cute candy shop. The pool was below average, but you can go to other pools. The casino was ok but that's what the other casinos are for! This place is great for a CHEAP and very nice stay
3	If you're looking for fabulous, go elsewhere. I've stayed a lot of places in Vegas and the MGM was rather disappointing. When I checked in, they had overbooked the large suite that I booked online, and offered to DOWNGRADE me to a room half the size. Are you kidding me?Everything from the rooms, to the casino, to the pool, to the service, is extremely mediocre and unmemorable. If you're spending the money to have a nice vacation I'd say take your business elsewhere.
2	No safe in the room. No coffee maker in the room. Who wants to wake up in the morning with no coffee and deal with walking a mile to the starbucks downstairs who serves a weak version of their drip coffee? Oh, you can order a pitcher of coffee for $22. No thanks. To avoid this I had to go to Walgreens and buy a coffee maker. Ridiculous. Pool closed at 6pm. Totally disappointing. Hidden fees everywhere.
4	I love the MGM Grand Hotel!Here are the reasons why:1.  The standard rooms are large enough for me and my friends to pre-party in.       a.  The bathroom had just one basin instead of two--my preference as this arrangement provides more counter space.       b.  The blinds completely block out any sunlight which allows me to sleep-in undisturbed.       c.  While most other large casinos on the strip have long hallways and you may get stuck with a room at the far end of a long hallway.  MGM's layout has about 6 hallways that radiate outwards from the elevators.  With more hallways, the hallways are shorter and the walks are shorter.2.  The casino is busy with gamblers earlier in the morning than others on the strip.  While at Caesar's, Cosmo, etc, the crap tables are usually dead at 11am.  It is common to find a couple crap tables full with players during the mid-mornings.3.  Even at night, the crap table minimum bets are low.  Most of the MGM crap tables had a minimum bet of $10; by contrast, other strip casinos would have only one $10 (it is common to have $15 minimum on the strip and no $10 tables) crap table going...4.  They have a decent pool party--Wet Republic.  WR is overrated but is still a good pool party.5.  There are lots of dining options at MGM.  While they are tons of better options in Vegas.  Within the hotel itself, the food selection is quite diverse--there are 15 - 18 different eateries to choose from.6.  The casino is near the airport.  You can see the runway from the hotel room.  By taxi, the airport is less than 10 minutes away.  I usually get a rental, and there is a gas station at the corner of MGM so I can fill up my tank there and head to the rent-a-car center...7.  The MGM arena is a great venue for concerts!  Large arena with possibly the best acoustic system on the Strip and a very large display screen behind the stage.While not a perfect hotel, it has enough positive points to make me want to return and stay here....
5	In preparation for a Vegas list I am putting together for future reference, I am back tracking on this review from a few years ago when I saw U2 and spent a few days in Vegas. Never stayed at the hotel, however, love browsing and spending time here 'cause it's a gorgeous hotel just to browse and walk around in detail in general.
4	I heard that the MGM did a whole new renovation/ makeover of some of the rooms! I decided to see what everything was like. I've stayed at the MGM some years ago and wasn't too impressed! However this time around it was a 360 degree change! I was suprinsgly upgraded to a Executive King Suite! Why? Not sure! But who would ask questions right? The room was absolutely fantastic! Very spacious, clean, and the decorations and layout were very stunning. i stayed on the 27th floor and had an exceptional view! I would recommend this hotel to anybody!
1	I can't add a name to my room of one of my guests from the room itself.  Well...currently the line at the front desk is 30-45 minutes...so you're telling me I have to wait in line 30-45 minutes just to add the name of one my guests to the room? Yes, in fact that is the case.  Note to self...never book at the MGM Grand.  Supervisor was no more helpful or friendly than the staff member at the front desk.I had a thought...do I need to go downstairs to order room service? To request a late checkout? To request a rollaway bed? Any of these things? Because that could certainly pose a security threat as well...ludicrous logic.The supervisor I spoke to was named Yvette for the record, in case management happens to view this.  I don't want any action taken against her, as I'm sure that was protocol she is required to follow.  But really? I need to waste 45 more minutes of my night (I waited that long to check in in the first place) to add a single name to the room?  Please justify that.
5	Clean place... great food.... gambling costy but worth every dollar!!
4	Never stayed here, but this is my favorite place for poker.
4	As a mid/low range hotel on the strip, this is my favorite hotel out of this group's price range (New York New York, Tropicana, Excalibur, etc.)I like it's location at the southern end of the strip and you can take a cab to the northern/newer end where Wynn and the others are. If you sign up for emails, you get a crap ton when you don't want to go to Vegas. But when you want to go, you can get some pretty good deals if you somewhat plan ahead looking at their price calendar.
4	Ok roomOk food choicesBEST pool in town
4	I really want to give MGM 3.5 stars, but my issues were mostly due to bad timing and they deserve better than a 3.My girlfriend and I stayed at the MGM from a Friday to a Tuesday.  I had stayed at the MGM once or twice before, and been to Vegas many times, but this was her first trip and her birthday weekend.We had read in reviews that if you ask for upgrades, you can usually get them.  And seeing as how this was my girlfriend's first trip and her birthday, we thought we'd have no issues.  However, to play it safe, I attempted to use myvegas credits from Facebook on a room upgrade, only to discover they had none available (so much for 6 weeks of constantly playing fake video slots).  Nevertheless, I figured we'd be able to get something. Unfortunately, upon arrival, we were told they had no upgrades available.  The best they could do was a strip view and a $30 beverage credit.  Firstly, our strip view room was right at the elevator, which was nice because it saved us long walks to our room, but if you know the MGM Grand Tower, that also meant that our strip view was partially obstructed by a giant green wall.  As for the $30 beverage credit - outside of beer, you can't get a drink at the MGM for less than $15.  If you want one of those large frozen drinks or the yards, which is what we got, it was more like 1.5 drinks.  So MGM did a pretty poor job of making us feel pampered or making my girlfriend's first trip and birthday something special.That said, the reason why this was somewhat our fault was because we chose a weekend that was the grand opening of the West Republic season (their Ultra Pool party) and the grand opening of their new nightclub/lounge/restaurant, Hakassan.  So, they were booked, and the lack of upgrades was mostly due to that.  That said, I think they could have come up with something besides 1.5 drinks.  Maybe passes to wet republic so we wouldn't have to spend $50 to get in, or passes to Hakassan so we wouldn't have to spend $75 - and Vegas, when you're starting to charge $75 just to get into your nightclubs, you've officially stopped caring about everyone but the wealthy.Okay, complaints aside, the MGM itself is a great place to stay.  Rooms were moderately priced and very comfortable.  The walls are paper thin, so that is a drawback.  But they are spacious and well kept.  The casino floor is huge, with plenty of games.  I was a bit surprised that on a Monday night, with lots of open tables, we couldn't find a $5 min craps table, but that wasn't the end of the world.  The pool (the main pool, not wet republic) is spacious, relaxing, and a good time.  We had problems with service at the pool - the server seemed to only come around every 15 minutes, which doesn't sound like a lot, but we asked for a drink menu and didn't get it for 15 minutes, and then when we ordered, it was another 15.  Its one thing to only circle your station every 15 minutes, but you should really bring your customers what they asked for a bit faster.We didn't eat inside the MGM except for one morning at the breakfast buffet, which is mediocre and actually made my girlfriend sick.  There are better buffets.  That said, we didn't eat at the MGM only because we did a lot of research and found other restaurants we wanted to check out, so that isn't a knock on the MGM restaurants.  They could be awesome, we just wanted to check some of the best ones reviewed here and on tripadvisor.So all of this said, why am I giving it 4 stars?  It looks like I have a lot of complaints.  The thing is though, when I think about my stay, we had a fantastic time.  We liked the room, we liked the casino, we liked the resort, and I would repeat the trip in a second.  So while I want to give a complete picture, in the end, the things that went wrong were really minor in the gran scheme of things.  The staff at the MGM is really friendly.  Checking in and out was easy.  It was just a tremendous amount of fun, and the issues at MGM didn't detract all that much from the experience.  Like I said above, I would like to give it 3.5, but I can't, and my experience was better than a 3.  Without these issues, it would have gotten a 5.
4	Hotel was very nice! Our first time in Vegas and enjoyed everything it had! Wolfgang Pucks is a must go!!! Enjoyed checking out the media promos for the Mayweather/Guerrero fight Sat night. Overall had a nice stay at the hotel.
3	This review is for the casino and pool only. The casino is huge. If you're looking for a particular slot or game, it's here. Bring comfortable walking shoes. Prepare for a journey if you are headed to the Wet Republic pool. It's a hike and is all the way in the back of the property. The Wet Republic pool party is okay. Be sure to log on to the MGM Grand website to put you and your friends on the guest list for free/discounted cover. Drinks are way overpriced, but hey - it's Vegas. Don't try to BYOB as security is very strict. They search you and all your belongings before entering. Even your wallet!
3	Stayed in some recently renovated rooms in the grand tower. The room itself was spacious and looked clean and modern. Loved the control panel for the blinds too (cool little touch).So why the 3 stars? the walls were sooooooooooooooooooo thin... Maybe our neighbor just had that special voice that is just the right pitch to clearly carry through any door/wall, but I have NEVER had such a hard time sleeping. I heard conversations fairly clearly, mostly emanating from that shared door between rooms. Seriously, can't they just stop making rooms with that shared door.
1	Just got back our weekend trip in Vegas, we decided to stay at the MGM because we wanted to go to the fight..If you have never been to the MGM know this its huge!! and I mean huge..Casino is nice enough, lots of restaurants and crowded, even at check-out Monday it was packed!!Check-in was easy, got a room on the 6th floor, figured ok  no big deal..The room itself was nice, clean comfy bed nice black-out shades..After a fun day and evening, Sunday, Cinco de Mayo morning at 7am..Crash, bang, power tools, metal being cut, drilled, trash dumpster being filled..it was loud I mean excessively loud..RIng, ring, hello front desk is this construction going to be going of for a few more hours, days??Yes we know there's construction, is there anything else??What are you kidding me..No sorry, we can move you, here is a complimentary anything, at the very least a courtesy warning when we checked in.. I visit Vegas monthly and try to stay at different locations and I wanted to find place that I could just stay on the regular and stop bouncing around.. I have encountered, construction, djs at the wynn, you name it and each of these other Casino/Hotels were very accommodating..but the MGM no..So I say no thanks not recommending or going back, this is just ridiculous..Come check-out I tried to get in line to complain some more no luck there either I waited 20 minutes and did not move, I even told the courtesy host in the line and she said just wait there..WTH!!!
5	The MGM Grand Hotel was pretty awesome.You can pay a little extra for early check-in and late check-out, which we were told a few times wasn't guaranteed.  After staying at a horrifying motel the night before (and barely sleeping a wink), my girlfriends and I headed over the MGM Grand.  Half-awake and desperate to check-in at 9:00AM, it was Jeepett at the front desk who was our saving grace.  She was so personable and accommodating -- it made the morning so much easier.  She is reason I'm giving the hotel five stars instead of four.Our room was spacious. It had a sort-of view of the Strip (not what we expected but still decent-ish).  The linens were clean, the bathroom was clean, the beds were comfortable.  There was no safe, which was a little upsetting, but it seems like they're still renovating various parts of the hotel, so it might be something they plan to add later...The hotel itself has a lot of great features.  There are a lot of places to eat and drink, the casino is fairly large, and there are several pools to choose from. If you'd actually like to go into the water, I would strongly suggest avoiding Wet Republic.  Also, Wet Republic's food/beer/water prices are obscene -- the regular pool area costs WAY less and you can still hear the music.My friends and I would definitely stay here again.  Next time, though, we'll probably trade out the $30 cover for Wet Republic in for the $12 rental for an inner tube on the lazy river...
3	This is probably a 3.5 star review, but I can't go up to 4.  We stayed at MGM during the first weekend of the NCAA tournament, so it was way crowded.  This is to be expected.  However, what was not expected was MGM doing work on the 24 hour coffee shop, which is typically the best (and at least most reliable) place to get breakfast in a casino.  It was poor planning to have this construction going on during one of the busiest Vegas weekends.  So, that was annoying.The rooms are solid but not spectacular.  One thing that's nice about MGM Grand is there is a broad spectrum of things to eat, from a food court to Joel Robuchon.  Craftsteak is always a winner in my experience.  You have a good amount of dining options here.I've been to several concerts at the Grand Garden Arena.  They do a great job of getting you in and out quickly.  Front desk staff is very courteous, as is the MLife staff.  Dealers as well.  Very solid hotel all around.
4	First time in Vegas and we got the MGM Grand.  The lobby was bustling when we got there.  Many people there were commenting that this was busier than usual.  I am assuming because it was Cinco de Mayo. The concierge desk is professional and outgoing.  Never a dull moment in the casino, at the food court or even on our way up to the room in the elevator!The reason for four stars instead of five... room 8-419.  I called it "the room that was bangin'."  You get my drift.  It was funny at first but they were just loud and we even saw people roll their eyes.  Also, across the hallway, some guys decided it would be a great idea to smoke many bowls each night because all of the fumes went into the hall.Regardless of those two things, it was a great time.  We were across the hallway from the other people in our group which was super convenient.  Checking out was simple: You had your option of TV, internet or phone (via text message).I look forward to coming back to the MGM Grand next time I'm in town!
2	Visited the casino not the hotel. Fairly friendly staff, and a very slow valet, though not as slow as Paris.
3	The staff here is super friendly. They always ask if you are ok, and tell you good morning/afternoon/evening, I will give them that. The pools are awesome, though the booze prices are through the roof (22 dollars for a pina colada). Yes, it's Vegas, but seriously? The true reason I gave MGM a three star was that they wouldnt waive my fees for the amenities. The reason this is a big deal? The other girls that went to Vegas with my friend stayed at the Signature, and got their fee waived with zero problems. I tried three times. Yes, the Signature is technically a different place, but when the front desk at MGM claims that the Signature cant waive the fees either, and they are clearly lying, that is quite obnoxious. They should be consistent at the very least, and let no one waive the fee.
4	The rooms are very swanky, although not very large. The hallway can be a very funny thing if you have a bit much to drink. Once we got off the elevator and looked down the hall, then at our room number, we knew it would be a long trek. The room numbers started at 400 and our room number was 536. We thought perhaps there was a mirror at the end of the hallway because it appeared to go on forever, but we were wrong. The hallway does indeed go on forever. Once you finally get to your room, be prepared to see a nice modern little space. There is enough seating for perhaps 4 people to be comfortable...or perhaps 10 very drunk and happy people who don't mind standing on the bed or in the closet and in other various places in the room. The beds are very comfortable and the blackout curtains are among the best I've come across in Vegas hotels. Not an ounce of light leaks into the room. Room service will cost you your first born. We ordered breakfast for 2 with coffee and it was over $70. Other than that, it is a great and fun place to stay.
3	I'm truly 50/50 on my experience at the MGM so let me break it down for you.Things that I liked:- Super friendly staff. Every morning, there would be several people in the hallway and each would greet us with a "Hello/Good morning/Have a nice day!" Love it!- Great location. I walked everywhere. Right across from New York, New York. A 10 minute walk to Planet Hollywood. Definitely manageable.Things I'm on the fence about:- The pool. It's a huge, sprawling complex but it gets crowded very early (like by 11 AM) and it's difficult to find a pool chair. Everyone seems to just lay their towel down and walk away. Very frustrating! The lazy river was nice and quite entertaining at 5 PM with all the drunk guys trying to hit on us while not being able to talk or walk. :)- The buffet. The food was good and there was a nice selection but the dinner buffet is severely overpriced at $36/person. You can see my buffet review for more info.Things I disliked:- The resort fee. It's very annoying to have to pay $25/day for things that I largely didn't use. Gym? Ha! Not in Vegas. Paper? Does anyone read the newspaper anymore? And this is coming from a journalism graduate. The only amenity included in the resort fee that I used was the internet and there's no way that should cost $25/day when I pay a total of $45/month at home. Ridiculous!- Drink prices at the pool. $22 for a pina colada!?! Eeks! No way!
4	Taking everything into account, I guess I round up to 4 stars. I would think 3.5 would be ideal. Staff at this hotel is very friendly and courteous. We were always being talked to and felt very welcome. The place was "Super" crowded when we were there. I am not sure if this is the norm or what, but damn. We had to wait in line about 30 minutes to check in which is crazy to me. Once checked in, we had to go check our bags at bell desk because there were no rooms ready and would not be until about 3 hrs from when we checked in. Once our room was finally ready, we picked up our bags and went up to the room.The rooms are nice and have been updated recently. They have all the amenities needed including desk, chairs, flat screen, nice carpet and a very comfortable bed which is big in my book. The pillows were not very good though in my opinion. I think they were feather pillows and offered no support. You just sunk into them and ended up laying flat. Housekeeping was very nice and they did a good job cleaning and restocking our room. For the price we paid I thought we got a nice room.The only issue I have with this hotel is how crowded it was and also how big it is. From our room to the front of the hotel to go out on the strip was easy 1/2 mile walk. Add to that the throngs of people and it made it very difficult to go out and do anything.You had to face the giant walk and also fight the crowds to get through. We went to many other hotels and casinos while in town and this was by far the most crowded and hardest to move around we visited. Next time we come, I may try to find something a little less packed and better laid out than this location. But, they have everything you need and are close to airport which saves on cab fare. I would stay here again, but I will definitely have to think about it.
3	The MGM is holding up well in spite of its age. Many rooms have been remodeled. It seems to be the affordable conference destination, and the rates are pretty reasonable. Be prepared for the resort fee, which provides amenities like the pool and WiFi. My room appeared clean, until I noticed a bobby-pin on the floor and wondered when the carpet was last vacuumed. There was also something crusty on the TV remote. Upgrades to the AC in the casino have cut down on the smoke (there is less than many other hotels in Vegas), but you will still be miserable if you are sensitive. The staff works hard and is friendly, but are often seem unable to resolve problems. If you paid a luxury rate, insist on resolution. If you paid a discount rate, be happy with what you got. There are lots of great restaurants on site (and a ton of mediocre ones). The pool is fantastic. And the conference catered food is very good for a hotel. I wouldn't seek out the MGM, but am not sad when I stay here. Service has steadily improved over the years. It's a great hotel for the affordable rates.
3	Overall, I would recommend the MGM for convenience of location, more than anything else.  The price and size of the rooms are definitely not worth it, but you really can't beat the location, and the room was clean and every employee we dealt with during our stay was super sweet.  We paid for two queen beds in a room for two nights: Friday-Sunday morning.  The room was TINY- we could barely have people over in our room (there were 8 in our party, spread out over Vegas), which surprised me as I would think two queen beds would include some actual living space.  Or a coffee maker.  Or a fridge.  I would trade our TV for either item in a heartbeat.  Apparently, in Vegas, a coffee maker is worth it's weight in gold, or whatever MGM charges you to rent one for your room!That being said, the MGM is right on the strip, close to the airport, and contains what I think is the best club and the best buffet in Vegas.  There's something to be said for being able to return to your room in a drunken stupor 10min after leaving the club.  I was also surprised by how quiet the hotel was, for  being in Vegas during the weekend.  We only heard one noise complaint, something about someone barrel-racing through the hallways... I'm just said I missed that one.  I have mixed feelings about recommending the MGM to anyone else looking for a room in Vegas, but if you have money to spend, it is clean and convenient!
3	Old and needs to be revamped. I am not crazy about this casino. Stayed here on a business trip. Its ok, but just kinda old.
2	Ok, so if you are reading this review and are under the age of 30, just skip my review all together.  This review is for mature adults who have children.  Yes, I understand that this is Vegas, but unbeknownst to some, there are LOTS of activities and shows to take kids to and the great pool weather is a plus.My husband and I booked the MGM to stay with our 13 and 9 year old on our family vacation (my husband and I are in our early 30's so it's not like we're too old to have a good time either).  I had read the reviews and only some mentioned families and those were mixed on whether or not to stay here with kids.  So here is what I have to say about staying at the MGM with kids.....DON'T DO IT!!!!  Stay somewhere else!  The pool area is absolutely NOT a place to have kids.  Drunk 20 something's everywhere, making out in the pool and lazy river.  It was the most uncomfortable situation I have ever put my kids in.  We immediately left the pool (now this was a Sunday late afternoon) and decided to try again first thing in the morning, cuz, you know, these drunk people should party all night and sleep in in the morning, right?  Wrong.  My family headed down to the pool around 9 the next morning and sure enough, the same situation, just not as many people.  We then decided to switch hotels to the Excalibur which we had stayed at last year with our kids and had a great experience.  Yes, you give up the nicer room (even with the upgraded rooms at the Excalibur, they don't compare to the MGM upgraded rooms) but we had a WAY better time and experience across the way.To review the room, it was very nice.  We had a high floor view room and it was a very beautiful room.  We loved the lighted mirror in the bathroom.  The beds though, have this box frame that the beds sit in, and the corners stuck out and all of us kept running into the box with our shins.  This was annoying, but the bed itself was very comfortable and slept great.  I would say also that the tv stand that was also the dresser was very small as there were only 3 small drawers.  If you are staying for a week this is a bit inconvenient because there was not enough room to unpack everything.  Also, the tv stations did keep cutting out, don't know why, but it was annoying also.The property is huge, taking at least 15 minutes to walk to the front to get to the strip or even the pool.  The food court was nice but still WAY more expensive than if you walk down to the next block and eat there.  Even their McDonald's was ridiculously overpriced; $8 for a 10 piece chicken nugget meal.My husband and I visit Vegas (by ourselves) about 4 times a year and knowing what we know now, would probably not stay at the MGM again.  The atmosphere and the crowd is just not our thing.  We enjoy Treasure Island and the bars down that way.  The rooms are great there too.And, just one last comment:  I think it is sooooooo tacky that the MGM properties pay for people to write fake reveiws on ALL their properties on TripAdvisor.
4	Nicely furnished room - modern and stylish. Spacious and trendy too. But don't put anything in the mini bar fridge or you'll get a $20 charge.
4	The room was nice, we were in the new suites, however. The pool is amazing - love the lazy river!  The downside to staying here is that the parking garage is so far away from where you check in and get to the rooms; let alone how far it is from the strip! It took us about 15 minutes to get from our room in the Grand Tower to the bridges to get to either the Tropicana or NYNY - and we are quick walkers.
4	It's taken almost a year to write this review not for lack of wanting to, but for the sheer fact I have so much to write.  I will keep it to the point despite the fact I want to get into the smallest of details.I attended a health & fitness conference at MGM in June and it was the perfect setting.  All the walking to and from the convention/conference areas is quite the workout and you get to explore different parts of the hotel and casino.  The weather was great - low 100s - dry heat.  The dry heat was great and this is coming from someone who grew up and lives in the Pacific Northwest. It only took me a couple hours to acclimate but then I was fine.  I shared my room with 3 other gals - big mistake, don't do it unless you are related; Hormone overload and different opinions on how to keep & share a room and courtesy among other things.  I'm sure 4 guys can get a long just fine - different dynamics, I guess.  Anyway, I still like my former roomies, but will only room with one of them again. :)  The rooms are big enough for 4 adults but I would keep it to 2-3.  Plenty of storage and you can reserve a fridge - we brought collapsible coolers that fit nicely in our luggage instead of paying $25 per day for a fridge. Beds were comfy and we were in one of the newly renovated rooms.  Very nice! The bathroom was spacious, well ventilated, and nicely decorated.  We had some trouble with our key cards working but just gave it a few more tries.  Also the door didn't close all the way, so make sure you shut it behind you.  Pros: *Huge - A city within itself*Comfy rooms*Nice views*Everything you need from toiletries to coffee to meals is just downstairs from your room*Lots to do - people watching is also fun*Variety of restaurants from fast food to high end*Pool and Cabanas*Fitness Center*Literally next to M&M World and Coca Cola World among other hot spots*Near drug stores - Go to Walgreens for .99 gallons of water, food (they even had fresh items), inexpensive souvenirs, and cash back at the register (I don't use ATMs to draw money, I go to Walgreens, as needed to avoid fees).  CVS and ABC stores are also nearby, too.   Cons:*Crazy expensive snack/toiletry shop by the elevators - I needed bandages and they were expensive.  Go to Walgreens, CVS, ABC, etc, if you can.  Might still be spendy but a little better priced than the MGM shop.  The gift store might be another story, I didn't check there for bandages. You could probably go to concierge or the front desk for one bandage, if needed.  I usually carry my own but ran out. :)*Distance from room to conference/convention area was far especially if you want to shower and change after a group workout and head to a workshop in time.  Stay at the Signature - It is closer to the conference areas - if distance, showering, and punctuality is important to you.  Plus the Signature has a kitchenette! :) *Walking through cigarette smoke to and from workouts and workshops - this was a health & fitness conference and second hand smoke should be avoided.*Some of the food spots inside MGM (fast food, dessert, quick bites) close down early! That's kind of crazy in this 24/7 city.  They should stay open later.  You can always venture out to the Food Court outside/right next door to MGM to see what's cooking.  PF Chang's is also within walking distance from the hotel. I love MGM and this was my second stay and I will definitely return.  The front desk staff were awesome and sociable during our interactions.  I miss seeing the lions but I hope they are doing well. One of my fave hotels in Vegas hands down, plus it looks pretty snazzy at night.
2	Casino Only: First attempt, we waited forever to get to the valet then told that valet was full. They were so disorganized so we turned around and left. The next day we tried again. I had heard that they remodeled but as far as the gaming area went, it looked like they just replaced the carpet. MGM is big, too big I think because they seem thinly staffed, not a lot of drink girls and painfully slow valet. I understand there were some big conventions going on but the other hotels didn't seem to have a problem managing the crowds. The casino floor is also the most annoying the way that it's shaped, forget about trying to find people in there.
5	Had a great time at the MGM. It was our first trip to Vegas and I'm glad we picked this hotel. Check in was nice and easy. I was surprised that our room was ready at 11am. We were able to go right in, get rid of our bags and start our vacation. We had three rooms with our group and we had no problem getting the rooms next to each other.The room was very clean and the bed was so comfortable. The green glow in the room at night really sets the right mood.
1	No bathroom in the room, there is a "bath area" - if you like to watch friends go number 2, then this is the place for you. If you're an "alternative" couple from Boston or San Francisco then you'll love it.  Otherwise, it's a scam, go and complain and you have to pay to upgrade to a room with an actual bathroom. 1/2 mile walk to your room from the elevator.  Lobby is like being in a rap video, horrible.  Staff is very well trained to pretend shocked when people complain about no bathroom in the room.  I have a SAG card, but compared to them, I'm a rank amateur actor.  Go somewhere else.
2	Lowering my rating based on recent trip -So they still have an early check in fee.  The troubling resort fee is still there, despite the fact that the hotel has gone to Free Wi-Fi (that was the only substantive benefit of the $28/day resort fee).Rates are high, so one expects that MGM should deliver on every aspect.  The mini-bar is so offensive (so 80's!) - when we checked in we asked for a mini-fridge to be brought up, but it took a day and a half to get there.Safe broken - reported, never repaired.Online folio review and express checkout broken the entire time (server error) - even the email they sent me to 'express checkout' was broken.  How cant this be?  Is their IT dept that inept?And no change to the no microwave/coffee maker in room, commonplace in every hotel in every other city in the world.Only one wastebasket for the whole room :) Wife was very annoyed.The renovated rooms are otherwise very nice, comfy beds, nicer pillows, and the 'blackout screen' much appreciated.  The HDTV is great and a full lineup of cable channels - so you dont have to miss 'Mad Men' while there.  Usually friendly staff, but the checkin clerk seemed grumpy this trip.Beautiful pools and lazy river - just remember to bring your own water bottle, since drinks/food are astronomical.Our favorite place to play VideoPoker and relax, the Centrifuge Bar - apparently Hakkasan objected to a place with 'reasonable prices' (drinks in Hakkasan/WetRepublic are in the $30+ range) and fun so close - the bartenders used to get up and dance every 1/2 hr or so - they were forced to stop and also mute their music.  Since Hakkasan (like Wet Republic) charges $200 just to get in, and if you want to sit down its another $1000+ for a table, they have enormous sway over policy (i hear they are netting something like $95M annually).  I hope youth come to their senses and boycott these ridiculously priced clubs.  Casino - table limits on craps were $25 and higher on the weekend.  Thats ridiculous. The way the game is played by knowledgeable players is that with the line bet you need at least a double-odds bet to get the overall house advantage to .8% - which means you have to lay down $75/hand just to play.  Few people can bankroll this, especially given the high-variance of the game.   The tables were very empty with full staffs standing around.  On rare occasion they had a $10 table open, it was packed, while 3-4 fully staffed tables sat vacant.  Boo.However, I still appreciate that 6/5 blackjack is still rare here, and Video Poker is 8/5 just about everywhere.  I also noticed that some of the $25 BJ tables are S17 (dealer stands on soft 17) - a player advantage along with surrender, so this is a very good place for blackjack.
4	Just stayed here and it was great. The beds were very comfy and we loved the Lazy River. I don't think this would be a good place for kids though. I think The Flamingo is great for kids and they have a fun pool too with slides. MGM is the Party scene! We went out for my sisters B-day and it was great, we booked through Vegas.com and they gave us a $75 food and beverage voucher with our room which went pretty fast but was still cool that they gave that. No complaints and good proximity to other clubs/ hotels on the strip. I am glad they took the lions out...it didn't seem they were happy. The club they put in their place we didn't go to but it looked really cook, maybe next time.
3	I stayed at the MGM Grand the first time I went to Vegas, and overall it was ok. The bedrooms and bathrooms are renovated, but the walls are paper thin!! You can hear EVERYTHING, literally EVERYTHING around you!! It is also at one end of the strip, so don't stay there if you have trouble walking!! The only really cool thing was the complementary Cirque du solei tickets!!! Awesome!!!
3	Writing a review on a hotel like the MGM Grand is so difficult cause there are so many components - the front desk, casino, rooms, etc. Parking: Beware the walk is forever from the garage to the lobby. Once you get to the lobby you are almost a little dumbfounded by the size of the lobby, hotel, and casino.Rooms: If only the rooms were as "grand" as the hotel. (lol) Even though they just went through a "grand renovation" I still wasn't all that impressed, everything is still pretty standard and just not as dated.There are so many hotels on Las Vegas Blvd I really have no idea if I would stay here again cause there are so many other places I'd like to try out!
5	We stayed at the Presidential suite and WOW it was amazing! From start to finish, our stay at MGM was fantastic.At the valet, we had a ton of bags and "provisions" for the weekend and the bellhop was very efficient and friendly, directing us to the right area to check in. As we walked into the lobby, the smell of perfume and friendly faces greeted us. Throughout our stay, the concierge and people we talked to throughout the hotel and at the nightclub, Hakkasan, treated us very well. Even our room service was fast, delicious, and served with good service.  Our room had a beautiful view of the desert and airport, a change of scenery from the strip, but it was lovely. We had a GIANT living room/kitchenette/bar/sofa/seating arrangement. The sofa was a big sectional and was SO comfortable with tons of pillows and situated in front of a giant flatscreen and music docks, etc. The pool table was an awesome addition, as well. There was a seating area around a table for about 6 people, very nice furnishings with white leather seats. Also, there was a desk area with another chair to do some "business" but we didn't need to use it. Our kitchenette/bar had plenty of storage on the counter, with well-appointment glassware, a jigger, martini shaker, bottle opener, and another giant flatscreen above it. Only complaint was that they locked the mini fridge because we didn't want to use their food/drinks (since we brought so much of our own) but that meant we had to keep replenishing our coolers with ice from the far away ice maker. We saw a mini fridge being delivered to another room, but I guess there was miscommunication and we didn't order one...but next time we know!Our two bathrooms had amazing products from Bulgari, plenty of fluffy towels, and we found comfy robes and slippers in the nicely sized closet. The room that I shared with a friend had a corner view and amazing blackout curtains for those hangover kind of mornings, a nice wardrobe of drawers for folded clothes, a giant flatscreen tv, and a king-size bed was SO comfortable we didn't want to get out of it! we were provided with tons of pillows and extra towels with no problem! Many hotels I've stayed at before were cheap with linens, but MGM has very nice towels and linens- I was impressed. The room was a generous size and very clean. The bathroom adjoined to our room also had a door to the living room. It was HUGE with a full bath/shower combo, another walk in shower with a glass door, and a HUGE vanity with two sinks and PLENTY of room and storage for all of our girly products. The lighting was also perfect. I drunkenly ordered room service at 3am on Thursday night of our stay (make sure to eat dinner before you go clubbing and have bottle service- whoops) and the burger I got was worth every penny, although it was huge and I only ate half. It came with fries which were delicious, too! I ordered ranch which was $5 extra (yikes!) but even that was so good, too!During the day, we went to Wet Republic which is always so much fun. Our second day we spent at the lazy river which was packed, but definitely fun to people watch and relax. Again, everything was just perfect. I had never stayed here before but I would definitely return! Thanks everyone at MGM for making our stay memorable!
2	MGM Grand review 6.6.13Intro: Check-in went pretty smooth and no issues. Hotel layout is very strange though and there is a very long walk from one thing to the other. it could have been designed better. Room detail (negative): The room itself looked very nice and had a nice feel to it. However, the rooms lack a mini fridge and microwave to reheat stuff and also there is no coffee pot in the room as well. WARNING: DO NOT USE THE 'MINI FRIDGE' AS A FRIDGE! IF YOU TAKE THE STUFF OUT TO PUT YOUR OWN IN THEY WILL CHARGE YOU FOR USING IT. They did give us a notice that we can ask housekeeping for one for 35 bucks, however they did not tell you a notice before we got into the fridge! Also the plug for the laptop on the lamp is broken and the plug slides in and the laptop does not indicate being on AC power.The bathroom faucet was very loud and my sis's ears were ringing.  Room detail (positive):The wifi did connect right away and there is no login needed. They also recently upgraded the network as well. The shades aree neat you can have a sheer to let a lil light in or blackout to let you sleep in longer. Fixture quality is decent. TV and entertainment center is really nice and you can plug in game consoles or a laptop with HDMI. Shower looks nice and has curving shower curtain rod. Toilet is in a nook for a lil privacy. I slept really good in the room and the beds are decent. Pollows were good too. Overall I am going to give the MGM Grand a 2.2 star rating. The rooms are nice and the location is perfect and the wifi was great, however the negatives listed above take the rating down from 4.5 stars to 2.2 stars. Other stuff:The pool was very nice and relaxing, it had a lot of different types of pools and they even played my kind of music (dance/trance/electro) and the vibe was nice. The casino floor was nice as well. Most of all the show KA was AMAZING!Recommended: Mabye to no.
3	This hotel is showing its age in decor and ambiance. My big gripe about the rooms: why is the mini fridge so super strict about even breathing on it? I've stayed in motels that give you a nice fridge for your own use, but MGM tries to rent one out to you for $25 a night. Beds are comfy and good TVs otherwise
1	This was my first and most likely last time to Vegas. I reserved my hotel tickets on priceline and asked for a suite with no smoking. When we arrived at the hotel they tell me that I have a smoking room at which time I show them my confirmation stating different. I also had asked for a room with a view since I wanted to see the lights. They tell me they are going to upgrade my room because of the mistakes. He tells me that is just over to the left in the South Tower.. no problem. I get to the room which is just 2 doors from the casino on the bottom floor and the view is of the service door!! I went to the front desk and they tell me that's all they have because they are booked for a convention. I could smell the smoke coming from the casino and construction guys were working all hours outside our window.
3	This is a backdated review for MDW13 - here goes:I booked this reservation through Expedia so I got an email that the reservation was guaranteed until midnight of the first day of the reservation.  Seeing as my flight was going to come in at 11:50 I decided to give MGM Grand a call since I didn't want my room to be given away.It was a 15 minute or so wait on hold to reach the correct person, but she was very polite and wrote a note on my reservation so the room wouldn't be reissued.Our flight came in around 2AM local time (Spirit Airlines, that's a 1 star review for another time).  The check in people were nice and we got our room keys quickly without a hitch.Once we got into our room, it was a little weird.-The soaps were already opened. Not sure if they are just really trying to make things easy on me or didn't change them out. I found a hair in the soap...-There was still trash in the trash can.Ehhh.No matter, we brought our own soap anyway and trash is trash. We were tired.The rest of the stay was uneventful.  The buffet was okay since it was included in our stay, but if you're looking for a Vegas Buffet worth talking about with friends, head up the strip to some of the newer casinos.  The MGM Grand buffet reminded me of dorm food. Since I just got out of college it's not a big deal, but if your palate is more refined then you might be better off paying more and going elsewhere.The casino is cool. Again, there's better on the north end of the strip, but nothing is terribly bad or exceptionally good.My one regret about being at MGM was not going to Hakkasan. It had just opened and we were busy with other venues so we didn't check it out.  But after reading other reviews it seems like I missed out on a golden opportunity.  I'll be sure to check it out next time.Some final notes --MGM is in a good location since you can hit a bunch of casinos thanks to the rail that is connected to Excalibur down the road. One can easily hit up Mandalay Bay, Excalibur, Luxor, and NYNY.-The pools are great and check out Wet Republic if you get a chance.-Weekday rates are pretty reasonable.-There is a $25/day resort fee that gets added on. It includes WiFi so bring a computer or tablet since you're already paying for access.-There is a foodcourt between the hotel and pools if you are trying to save some cash.
4	4 1/2 stars. Back in 2010 I was expanding my business to the Vegas area and dating someone who lived in Vegas. I damn near lived at the MGM Grand (My hostess actually calls it my home hotel). In total I've stayed here roughly 35 times. Let's start with location - Right on the strip in Vegas. It's a little on the South end of the strip so if you like strolling the strip it will e quite a walk to Caesar's and the Mall. However, the tram that runs up and down the strip has a stop inside the MGM. USE THE TRAM IN THE SUMMER! Don't kill yourself trying to walk the strip. Rooms - Rooms were recently upgraded. Very nicely, in fact. It's been awhile since I've stayed in a standard room so I have no idea what they are like. But if you can, find a deal online and get a suite or room with a jacuzzi. I promise it will be worth it. Sign up for the e-mail list... GREAT DEALS!Staff?Service - It's Vegas and it the MGM Grand, so of course service is first class. Anytime you need anything someone is there to help you with a smile. Waiters especially are super friendly. If you sign up for their VIP club "Prima" there are some great benefits like upgrades, express check in/out, limo from airport or around town. Prima's great if you go to Vegas at least 4 times a year. Otherwise, it might not be worth it. Casino - I don't gamble much and I hate smoke (this is a downside of Las Vegas), so I don't spend much time on the casino floor. Like every casino hotel it's a bit of a maze, but that intentional to keep people on the floor. It won't be better anywhere else. I do play a bit of high stakes poker. My hostess is always good about getting me into private games and making sure. I love her for that. Clubs - Tabu is the hot spot here, but I don't feel go for it often. What I do love is the pool club - Wet Republic. So much fun! It's a day club, so being your sunscreen. Restaurants - Never a bad meal. In fact,some of the best meals of my life. I will review the restaurants separately. Overall I love the MGM Grand. It's that perfect blend of old and new for me. Not so classic or old school as the Bellagio, but not so yuppie/euro riche as the Wynn. Plus, if you like Boxing or UFC/MMA all the best bouts are that the arena in the MGM.
3	I stayed at the hotel for a week long technical conference hosted at the hotel.  The room was a one king bed deluxe room.  The room itself was fairly ordinary, though spacious.  There is neither a microwave nor refrigerator (other that the one stocked with expensive drinks) available in the room.  The channel selection available on the TV was rather limited and features no premium channels.  Though, we did not spend a great deal of time in our room watching TV, so that was not a deal breaker.  The view from our 15th floor room was good will a window that ran the full width of the room.  The window featured a drop down blackout curtain that did an excellent job of blocking out outside light.  The biggest weakness of the room was the front door.  It featured no latchable lock on the inside and it also blocked no sound from the hallway.  We were often awoken in the middle of the night by people returning to their rooms after late shows or parties.  The doors really need to be replaced with one that insulate better.As for the hotel itself, the property is huge.  This was both a plus and minus.  On the plus side, the property featured an extensive gaming floor, lots of restaurants, shops and an extensive pool  complex.  However, the price for this is a lot of walking to get around.  The walk to the convention area is particularly remote from the rooms.  If you are there for a convention, you should count on at least a 10 minute walk from the central elevators to the convention area.The casino area is central to the hotel, which means you have to walk through it to go just about anywhere in the hotel or even to enter and leave the hotel.  The smoke in the casino area is oppressively bad and we spent very little time gaming before giving up.  Even just walking through the casino area to get to different parts is an unpleasant experience.  The MGM isn't the worst on the strip, but it's certainly not good.Overall, as a conference hosting hotel, it has a lot to offer with a large convention space and conference rooms (the conference I attended was on the order of 3500 people).  It also has a decent location surrounded by other MGM properties with lots of entertainment options within close walking distance.However, if I were staying on my own for a pure recreational trip, I would probably book one of the other properties on the strip first.
3	Just came back from a 3 night stay at the MGM Grand in Vegas.The rundown:Pros1) A giant property with everything you could ever need all in one place.  2) Nicely updated rooms.  I love the new look of the guest rooms, the beds were very comfortable, and the bathroom was really tastefully redone with marble counters and a marble shower.3) Good prices.  Hard to find a hotel of this quality for less in Vegas.4) A great restaurant selection, from Joel Robuchon, Shibuya and Craftsteak to McDonalds, Nathans, Blizz, and everything in between.Cons1) The long check in line that greets you upon arrival.  Seriously, it's like airport security.2) The overly-crowded pools.  5,000 guestrooms means a lot of people sunbathing.3) The water.  Our sinks broke down and had to be repaired.4) The staff.  Many were nice, but more than a few seemed like they'd just gotten up from sitting on a cactus.  Some were downright rude.5) And finally THE BAR-NONE SLOWEST VALETS IN VEGAS.  I never waited more than four or five minutes to get my car at the valets for any of the other eight or nine casinos that I visited, but at the MGM, my average wait was around seven or eight minutes, and I once waited SEVENTEEN MINUTES for them to get my car.  Totally unacceptable.  They need to hire more valets.
5	I've never stayed in the hotel. However this is one of the nicer casinos on the strip. They have plenty of great slots machines, and great choices for food and drinks.
4	Valet was horrible. Rude staff and always expected a tip. I told the kid on one occasion that I didn't have any cash on me and would hook him up when I came back in. He didn't say anything, shook his head and walked away. I decided to do self park as they weren't worth my time. I work as a Valet in Phoenix and was disapointed, thats saying something. Hotel was great though, lots of choices for restaurants, comfortable, great atmosphere, casino was great, very clean, friendly staff overall. Staying in a Grand King room in the new Grand Tower. Water shuttle off for about an hour for some emergency but was no big deal at the time.
4	MGM Grand is a nice Hotel to stay at and has great deals, but the first floor of the hotel smells like Old Lady's perfume mixed with cigarettes! ahahaha Sorry just had to say it.
3	3.5 stars. I stayed at MGM a few years back and felt that was a so so experience then.This time around, I was relatively satisfied with my stay. Though not the swankiest, or newest of hotels, there were little things here and there that mad e our stay here quite enjoyable.  Everything is in walking distance and there are a fair amount of eateries within the hotel. The pool areas are large enough to house to accommodate all sorts of visitors: party goers, couples, families. One thing I will say is that check in line is ridiculously long. Like lining up for a ride to disneyland. The rooms are spacious. Slightly outdated but definitely clean (we took a white terry towel and did a rubdown of the surfaces within the room, even the chairs/sofa--clean!). We thought it was great how intuitively placed the switches, electric outlets, cable/ adapter things for media --- impressive.Getting anyone on the phone was a bit of an ordeal. We were on hold for about 10 mins at one point. Overall, much better than my last stay and things have been changed for the better. Definitely easy to get lost in here but all vegas hotels are like that for me anyway LOL.
4	I was able to secure a discounted rate by being an Mlife member.  We stayed in one of the new Wellness rooms.Overall, the resort is very nice with a lot to offer.  Excellent restaurants (hello Joel Rubichon!), nightlife (new Hakkasan club), daytime activities (Wet Republic) and great gaming.  You can go to Las Vegas and never leave the MGM property and have a fantastic time.Check in, luggage handling, check out, and storing our luggage before we left was all very smooth.Unfortunately, I don't feel the Wellness aspect was explained very clearly (and staff - housekeeping, front desk, bellman -could not describe either) so I don't really know what exactly I paid extra for other than the awesome scent cube in the room that made the room smell wonderful.Also, upon check in we had a couple of housekeeping issues - bathtub was not thoroughly cleaned and there were stained sheets (not what you're thinking).  Overall, these were minor issues that were promptly remedied by Housekeeping.Overall, I would recommend, but I would also love to try some of the newer hotels as well.
5	I stayed at this hotel many years ago when it first opened and then again in June 2013.  My husband and I really enjoyed our stay. We were upgraded to a beautiful room with a great view of the strip. (We were told it had been recently renovated.)  We saw the David Copperfield show at the hotel, which was awesome and enjoyed the buffet one evening -- which was truly amazing. Would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.  My only negative, and it's very specific to me -- I would have liked to have seen a detachable handheld shower attachment -- the fixed one was too high for me and the water pressure wasn't the greatest, but there again we were on the 17th floor, so maybe that had something to do with it!
2	I stayed 3 nights on business and chose this hotel because it was a good rate and was really close to my conference.  Might not come back again.  My stay began with a 50 minute wait in line to check in after a very long and exhausting flight.  Then I was placed in a room on the first floor.  The Grand is enormous so I spent about 20 mins searching for the weird little corridor to the rooms.  The corridor was shabby, low drop ceiling.  It felt like I was being stored in the basement.  Then I enjoyed excruciatingly long waits for everything for the next several days.  The line for Starbucks in the morning was up to 40 minutes.  A call I placed to the front desk had me on hold for 25 min before the system hung up on me.  Then another 20 minutes on hold before I finally got an answer.  The taxi line on two occasions took more than 20 minutes...Eeesh, so much time wasted waiting in line.  I fell drained and can't wait to go home.The Internet and cable was out for the entire day on my final day so I was not able to work or watch tv.The lobby level is insanely crowded as all hotel traffic of any kind is routed through the vast casino.  It takes forever fighting through crowds of people to get anywhere. My room was very dark,  very little lighting making it really difficult to find personal items or pack.  I probably left something behind because it was like packing in the middle of a blackout with a flashlight.The positives were that my room was not fancy but not bad,  and was very clean.  Once I did finally get to the head of the long lines the staff were very professional and helpful.  Overall I would not recommend for business as it is a logistical chore in many ways.
4	Clean room, nice staff, comfy bed. Location is all right, but the hotel is huge, so walking can be a pain. And I dont know about other rooms, but I stayed in a room with a single king size, and the bathroom doors were made if tinted glass,.. Which looks goos, but you couldnt lock them and you werent  totally private when you were using the bathroom. I guess it doesnt matter if you are with a girl/boyfriend, but maybe with family.But besides that, thumbs up!
5	BEST HOTEL ON THE STRIP!!My husband and I went hotel/Casino hopping and stayed at MGM for our stay. Holy Moly. Where to start? I LOVE the lazy river pool [which is just one of 5] where they let you rent a $16 tube for the day which is slightly retarded, OR let you just swim around which is what we decided to do. It was great!All the restaurants and shops are really cool too in the hotel! Our room was a king suite on the 4th floor in the west tower. It was truly super beautiful and we felt so comfortable! It was very clean and well put together. My only complaint is we went to gordon ramseys steakhouse and had some [expensive] leftovers, but they charged you to store food in their fridge!!! That ticked me off a little bit, but I got over it.When we walked in and checked into our room, we literally got handed a map of the hotel so we could find our way around. Definitely helped to study that thing! I think my husband walked the wrong way everytime we tried to walk up to our room or going in and out of the elevators. This hotel is HUGE. We gambled the most here, the casino was amazing. We played slots and tables. We interacted with one black jack dealer in particular, I believe his name was Mark from PA and he was SO patient with me as I was learning the game, as well as the rest of the table!This hotel was in a great location where you could easily access NYNY and some other popular hotels, however was quite a walk from the other end of the strip, but thats fine if you don't mind walking! [we loved it]!! And it is also one of the closest to the airport which was super convenient as well!Highly recommend it. I promise we will be going back soon and deff staying here! LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!!!!!!!!!!oh. but no more lions :(
5	Cheap rooms, great pool area with lazy river and etc, lots of good restaurants....There is a little bit of everything here, from housing the big fights, to concerts, shows....everything in vegas can be found in the MGM.Only thing I could complain about is the self parking, and how far you have to walk to get inside the main casino, but for a property this big, it's not outrageous.  You could always Valet if it is a big deal to you.I'd consider it a must see if you are a tourist...they house some of the best restaurants to be found in vegas, but you'll pay handsomely for them!
2	We were on the 19th floor and we still could hear the traffic below and ambulance sirens going down Tropicana Blvd. The walls and windows are extremely thin. We could hear everything our neighbors did and said. The mattresses were very firm and the piloows were goose down rocks. The decor was lovely, though. No shower cap. Very, very long walk from the elevators to our room. They really need to install a few more elevators because that walk from room 200 to room 335 was ridiculous. They need more shade by the pools, otherwise you will burn like hell in 117+ degree weather, which is what it was this past weekend. The buffet was $40 for lunch and dinner, $30 for breakfast and brunch, and it wasnt the best, but it wasnt horrible. Crab legs were water logged. Good dessert bar though. But what really makes me never want to return was the $28/night resort fee they charge you upon check out.  Add that to the room tax of $15.25, and there is an additional $43/night on top of your room fee. Oh, and you couldnt use the in-room fridge without paying and using a combination to unlock it.  And the TV kept losing reception, along with the internet, which made that resort fee even more absurd. Definitely wont be back.  Trump Towers, Vdara, and Wynn are much better for the money.
2	So disappointed this trip. We stayed in a grand kin g room. Never again! It's so tiny and so hot in the room and you cant adjust the thermostat below 65. seriously MGM? We're in the middle of the desert and you lock the lowest possible temp at 65?  I called front desk several times about it as it affects breathing and they sent me a service man at 1:00 in the morning. Really? You said right away at 9:00 and he shows up banging on my door atv v1:00 am only to tell me the thermostat cant go below 65.  I'm so undecided if I would go back here or not.  First time I stayed here we got an executive suite and were treated like royalty. I feel we were completely ignored this time around because we didn't book a suite. Very disheartening.
1	Terrible experience all around for us.  The pool area looks cool in pictures but they have zero control over the number of "guests" allowed in the area.  We tried on two separate days to find just 1 open chair, nothing.  The pool area was packed full of idiots spilling drinks and running into each otherThe hotel should have more respect for paying guests and limit those who are allowed in the pool area.  We noticed tons of people getting in who weren't staying at the hotel.  Apparently you can get a pool pass or resort ticket or something?  They also apparently let entire groups in all one card.I can tell you i'll never stay at the MGM or use their facilities again.
5	The rooms are nice here...probably in need of a renovation but the price is definately worth it! Its in a good location with great restaurants and shops. I guess m life partnered up with hyatt, so now you can get hyatt rewards...
4	The MGM Grand was wonderful. The casino is a little smokey but the rooms are very nice and cozy. I would describe our room as very modern and functional. The room came complete with a "black out" screen over the window that was great for a hangover or anyone with a desire to take a quick nap in the afternoon. OH AND THE BEDS! The beds are great, they make you never want to leave the room. The beds there are so comfortable they sell them at the giftshop in the entrance and believe me by the time you leave you'll want to buy one of them while you exit.The airconditioning on our floor was ice cold (great for the weekend I came, because it was 125 degrees outside at one point) and the rooms were stocked with toiletries and fresh towels. The maids were courteous, they never once came barging in.The pools are great! There are so many of them (and Steve Aoki currently has a residency at the MGM Grand so he plays by the pool during the day) and the bars by the pool were kind enough to provide us with free water refills. My only compliant was the water in the lazy river pool was a little dirty.Lastly the breakfast buffet I went to at the MGM was okay, instead of self-service on drinks like water and coffee there were waiters. The food was pretty good but not great. The MGM Grand was a great place to stay and I would definitely recommend it.
4	We had a great time gambling here. They have an old horse racing machine that is fun to play for hours without spending a lot of money. Leilani was our cocktail waitress and by far the best I have ever met. She was fast with the drinks and has an amazing personality.  Next time I visit I will be sure to sit wherever she is working.
5	It's the MGM Grand.. you can't really go wrong here.  The only complain about this hotel/casino is the cocktail waitresses are kind of rude, but maybe I was just in a bad section.
2	This place was in the middle of renovations when I stayed in Vegas.  They charged my debit card a hundred dollars and my credit $300, instead of figuring a way to get that on my bosses card, as I was on a business trip.  The place was confusing and advertised restaurants were no longer in operation.  I liked my room fine and the little bar under the non smoking tower, but I found the service overall to be lackluster and nothing special.
4	MGM is a nice place to stay while in Las Vegas.  My wife was the winner of 2 tickets to the ACM's last April.  The package included flight as well as hotel.  We were put up in the MGM Grand and it was a great place to stay.The lobby is HUGE with many places to check in/out.  From the lobby you can head downstairs to exit the casino, you can head north and run into a HUGE game floor loaded with tables and slots.  The room was awesome.  The bed was extremely comfortable and allowed us to sleep like a baby.  The bathroom was spacious with plenty of aminities. So far this has been one of the nicer rooms we've had while in Vegas.MGM has TONS of pools.  We layed down at the first pool we ran into, then I noticed some signs pointing in other directions.  After some brief investigating, I found about 5 other pools!! I was shocked!! I grabbed my wife and we layed at a different pool which was pretty empty and had complete exposure to the sun.  We didn't eat much while here, but there is TONS of food options around here.  Careful though, if you're on a budget, you just might end up hearing a nightly special which is a full course dinner for $200 per person.  WHOA!! I would like to point out that if you're a tall person, the seating in the grand gardens is VERY tight.  Not only is the seating narrow, there's nowhere for your knees to go.  I'm pretty sure they were thiking more about quantity vs quality of seating.  I mean, I did make it through a total of 6 hour of sitting in there, and I WAS DONE by the end.  The only set back is that it's a bit south on the strip.  Granted, it's not Mandalay Bay type of south, but it's a ways down there.We enjoyed our stay, we enjoyed the helpful staff, and we enjoyed the overall experience that MGM had to offer.
1	So, the MGM Grand hotel is not a great please to stay if you are on business. When I first got to the MGM Gand, the check in line was a 45 minute just to get to the counter. The staff wasn't to friendly but I guess after dealing with thousands of people, who would want to smile. So the rest of the week was ok but until Thursday, I ordered room service and I was quoted 35 minutes. After one hour of waiting, I call back down to room service and asked if my order was on its way. The host told me the it would be another hour. And he wasn't sure why the first person I talked to quoted me 35 minutes. So I cancel the order. 15 minutes later the room service attendant shows up with the order. I sent him away. It seemed that room service department didn't care at all.So at this point I was very hungry and we went down stair to one of the many restaurants and half of them were closed or the didn't have everything on the menu. And one drink was $15.00. Wow, talk about a mark up.  We finally found a place that was open and the service was ok but the food was bad. The chicken wasn't cooked all the way through and the eggs looked like they have been sitting under a heat lamp for some time. The hotel doesn't even let you do a late check out. This place  will never be in my future plan to stay at if a ever plan to come back to Las Vegas.
5	The room was immaculate. Had everything you could need. The blackout curtains saved my life. I could've caught up on all my sleeping. The view was very good. The pool was awesome. The casino was nice. Overall a great experience.
3	Great room rate at $81/night (not including the taxes and resort fees). Cool pool complex. But... Where has the quality gone?The MGM is a nice enough Vegas Strip hotel, with lots of amenities, don't get me wrong, but there were enough things wrong that I wouldn't stay here again. The quality felt lost, seemingly because they cater to such a very high influx of guests.We had a bad smell upon entry in our room. Whew...Yuck! The beds were a bit too soft and were probably ready to be replaced. The T.V. had  issues and no help arrived after we were told someone would come look at it. The air conditioning did not work well so the room could not be cooled down as much as we would have liked. If you do come here, see about becoming an M-Life Member (players club) prior to check-in. You can avoid the long line to check-in. We waited around 45 minutes. There's a much shorter line off to the side for M-Life Members. With that said, they did have nice water to drink for those waiting in the long line.The complex is very large and spread out so be prepared to walk.I've stayed at Paris and Treasure Island previously. Both of these are better for their proximity on the strip.
2	I've travel to las vegas on a number of occasions over the past several years. Ive stayed in the Aria, Cosmopolitian,  Bellagio,  etc. but go back to the MGM because a couple of our fav restaurants are located there and are offered some good room deals. On our long weekend last month, we again stayed at the MGM and were mighty disappointed with the hotel and casino. The entire property seemed dirty, less cared for. The only casino restaurant open for breakfast was the buffet.  We are not buffet peeps but decided to give it a go. So disappointing ...and confirmed my position that well never do the buffet thing again. We are done with the MGM.
2	I'm happy that we only stayed here for one night (only because we were partying at Hakkasan) because our stay at MGM was disappointing... and we only stayed there for less than 12 hours before checking out and checking in early to our next hotel.The check-in process was time consuming.  Even though we got in at 11:30 PM, there was still a long line that went past the ropes and it took us about 45 minutes to go through the line.  We had a pleasant check-in experience with the front desk concierge, who kindly upgraded us to a bigger room for no extra charge.The hotel itself tries to do aroma marketing, but it's way too strong.  The smell reminds me of a mix of Chanel No. 5 and vanilla.  Our room was located at the North Tower, and there were no actual signs on the boards that lead us to the tower.  We had to ask two associates before receiving the correct directions.Our room was a little small for Vegas standards and the bathrooms were even smaller (with only one sink for 2 queen beds!).  The mirror was the best thing about the bathroom because it had great lighting. (A plus for the ladies!)  Another plus about our hotel room was that the scent of the aroma marketing wasn't used there.  On the other hand, there was a variety of different dining options located throughout the hotel that were available.
1	OMG, this place is the total pits. I was moving across the western U.S. and had to stop in Vegas over night. I picked this place. I had my tiny puppy with me, cause I'm moving. Walked into the lobby, put the dog on the floor and walked the dog to the room. No problems, no one even ask about the dog, because they saw my puppy when I check in. Right in the open, never tried to hid the dog.Ok, go down to the casino for dinner, like an hour. Get back close my door, and in ten min I have three guys with GUNS telling me to take my things and get out of the hotel. No joke, the dog apparently had barked while I was downstairs, unknown to me. These thugs tell me they don't allow dogs at the hotel. At 11 PM in the middle of the night, the hotel kicked me out on my face with my puppy and no where to stay, and they charged me the nights stay!!This place is the worst hotel in the WORLD!!!!!
4	drunk gurls after the clubs are best found here!!
3	This was my first time ever staying at the MGM.  All because our birthday girl wanted to stay here.  It is pricey, but appears to be like the main hub for a lot of Vegas activities.  The parking lot is big and kind of confusing, however I was able to find a spot.  Checking in kind of sucked, because we got there early and for an extra $20 we could check into our room earlier.  Boo!  What a rip.Didn't try out any of their restaurants, so I can speak for those.  I did try the worst club ever, Hakkasan.  Don't even go there!  You should check out the endless river, if you don't feel like forking over $50 for Wet Republic pool party.  That was where I had the most fun, was in the free pool area.Elevators can be annoying when its super busy.   I did enjoy our hotel room, it was very comfortable and clean.  Slept like a baby in their plush bed.  Their bathrooms were enormous.  If you get a remodeled room, you can play around with the mechanical shades.  Overall, I don't think I'll ever stay back here again, because of price, but I made the most out of MGM.
3	So I decided to visit Vegas last week for the first time,and based on reviews,I booked the MGM Grand hotel. I'm not a complainer for the most part and fairly easy to please,but let's get right to it:Pros:*HUGE Hotel-easy to meet people*Room was nice aesthetically and bed was comfy (I stayed in a grand queen on the 17th floor)* Housekeeping is quite thorough. Always stocked towels and tucked the [--] out of my bedsheets everyday.*LOTS of food options on the property*The convenience store near the elevators was a LIFE SAVER*I arrived on Tuesday July 2 around 7pm at the hotel. Check-in was a breeze and I appreciated the courteous employee that checked us in.*Huge parking garage. Almost too big. But my buddy rented a car and we found parking pretty easy each day (Something I learned today--ALL the hotels on the strip do free valet,regardless if you stay at that hotel or not. Would have been nice to know this before my trip lol)* There is a walgreens,7-11, and small food court with a Subway,Sbarro,Wendy's,Del Taco and DQ less than 1/4 mile from the hotel. I ate at subway most of the week but the Walgreens has a nice selections of sandwiches and salads too. I was able to buy a gallon of water for $2 @ the walgreens and lugged it back to my room.Cons:*Huge Hotel. Takes FOREVER to walk through. my friend and I were finally able to speedwalk through it at about 7 minutes after a couple days lol* I didn't like the water pressure in my shower. Didn't have a hard stream.*My room would get warm in the middle of the night,which made me uncomfortable and hard to sleep.*Ice machine on my floor was out the majority of my stay (I was there July2-6)*I knwo that i went for a holiday weekend and it waould be busy because of that but it was also UFC Fight week and I think some kind of dance competition was there. Kids and stage moms...EVERYWHERE. I'm a single 25 year old with no kids...on purpose. If i wante dto be around kids,I'd have some. (No that has nothing to do with the hotel,but I'm just saying)*Far down the strip from the center. Not a crazy far walk,just not the most convenient when its blazing like hades outside.*DO NOT TOUCH ANYTHING YOU DO NOT PLAN ON BUYING! I was so gracious that the employee that checked us intold us that there is a $50 restocking fee if you pick something up and don't use it. (It has sensors and there's also a sign in the room) Fortunately we didn't pick up anything available in the room (never used the mini fridge or the water/nuts) but that mark-up is INSANE.Overall,I wanted to stay somewhere where I could meet other people my age and relax. I enjoyed the casino (I'm no gambler but the Michael Jackson slot game was my BFF by the end of the week!!) Unfortunately,it was too hot to be day buzzed (day or night really) but I'm glad I tried the MGM. I'll probably try another hotel on my next visit but I'd stay here again. There was so much I didn't get to experience (Wet republic,Hakkasan nightclub and I never ate at any of the restaurants on property.) So I'll be back. Eventually
5	Pretty much one of my favorite places to stay on the strip. Keep it up.
1	Nice hotel, but for the first time I can honestly say the gambling machines are fixed and the MGM experience is a perfect example why I making these accusations. I spent 4 days at the MGM and played both the tables and the machines. I found a great five cent machine that was very exciting to play. Over the course of 4 days I kept going back to the 10 FREE GAMES machine that offers 10 ways of winning . For 3 staight evenings I played this game and played for atleast 20 minutes or a little longer until it gave you a free spin. Regardless of the amount that I won, I always got atleast one free spin, The last night I was there, I tried the same machine and after 2 1/2 hours of playing ,that  machine never gave me that free spin. $270.00 later I called the manager and he took it out of commission and I called the gaming board. Of course nobody has contacted me but I can assure you that Machines in Casinos are FIXED and controlled. What a waste of time and precious money! MGM you should be ashamed!
5	I had a great experience during my stay at the MGM.Upon arrival, I had to wait about 45 minutes in line, which was a bit irritating, but I soon realized people watching is not a bad way to start off your first trip to Vegas. When I got to the front, I was pretty mortified to find out I would have to put down a $300 deposit on the room (I had won the trip and wasn't expecting that), but the lady was very helpful and lowered it to $200 for me. From there, it was only good things!Our room itself was gorgeous! Really spacious, clean, and smelled just fine. I don't know what other people were complaining about. Although the outside view was of the oh-so-beautiful LV airport (-_-), we weren't there for that, so it didn't really matter. Also, most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept on. And the bathroom?! Oh jeez, don't even get me started on that amazing mirror. Let's just say two girls who were planning on getting fancy quite a bit that weekend were very pleased.The rest of the hotel was also lovely. Yes, the casino smells like cigar smoke, but what LV casino doesn't? MGM had a good selection of shops and restaurants. Really entertaining place to just walk around; might even see some celebrities like we did. Pools = Awesome! Never had trouble finding a place to sit and soak up some rays. (Although we gave up on trying to get into Wet Republic when Calvin Harris was there... food was beckoning and the line was as long as the Great Wall.)Staff was also super helpful. Room service was friendly and gave us extras of pretty much everything we asked for. I almost missed check-out time, had a panic attack, called the front desk, and the lady took care of it for me over the phone. Awesome? Yes. Like I said, I won the trip, so I'm not sure if I would pay full price to stay here (college student woes). However, if I found a good deal, I would definitely come back. Loved the MGM!
3	Hotel room itself was great.  Restaurants are ok at best.  1st day at the pool sucked because of all the drunks they let in.   2nd day was better since we went out first thing in the morning.  Most if which probably are not staying in the hotel.  So if you are a vacationing family, stay away from this hotel.
1	One word to sum up the MGM.. UNDERSTAFFED. You drive here from Phoenix, you fly in here from New Orleans, the absolute last thing you want to do is wait in a line for over an hour to check out.. Right? They know its busy 24/7.. They know their occupancy up front, so it should be fairly simple to have the appropriate amount of desk agents to accommodate the 300 plus people standing in line right? This isn't their first rodeo, This is like groundhog day for the MGM.. Every Day, and every Hour, tons of people wait in a "Are you Kidding Me" size line to check in, you need something at the Bell Desk, You need an extra Hotel Key, whatever it is.. You are going to wait in "Disneyland on New Years Eve" sized lines with very little staff on.. Their were six agents checking in well over 300 people.. Not to mention Valet..They will hold you hostage for thirty minutes at the Valet here.. We just self parked, and hired sherpas to take us the 1/3 of a mile to our room from the Garage.. The MGM acts like they truly do not care..Hands down my worst experience at a Las Vegas Hotel.. Next time, I'll go with what I know.. Aria, Wynn, Trump, or Venetian next time..
4	My husband and I booked this room for two nights. (Monday and Tuesday) Before coming, I read plenty of reviews on Yelp and Expedia and knew that check in and check out COULD have been a nightmare! You have to expect this from a hotel that has over 6,000 rooms! We went with a plan. Instead of arriving at the usual check out time of 3, we arrived around 1:00. The line was not very long to check in during this time because we beat the check out crowd at 11 and check in crowd at 3. We bit the bullet and paid the $20 extra fee for early check in. Our whole check in time took about 20 minutes. Not very long compared to the 45 minutes that I've read on here! We were surprised by the $100 deposit fee for each night's stay, but once again it seems to be the norm here if you are staying on the Vegas strip. We arrived at our room and loved the layout and all the features it offered. We're not a fan of hotel pillows (too soft) so we brought our own. We loved our very comfortable king size bed. I especially loved the lamps on the nightstands because they had electric plug access. It made our phones easy to charge each night. Our view was looking towards the foothills and pool area. Still very pretty at night. The bathroom was spacious with a beautiful mirror. It served it's purpose for us. In my opinion, the BEST part of this hotel room was the blackout shades. With these down the first night there, my husband and I slept in till 11:00! We didn't even realize it was that late because the room was pitch black! We were exhausted from our ride there. Our room was cleaned and restocked with fresh towels on the day that we we were there. They also changed the linens and redid the bed. Loved how clean and fresh the room was. On check-out day, we opted to check out early at 9:00. Once again, we wanted to beat the crowd. We called the bellhop to come get our luggage and it literally only took them 10 minutes to get up to our room and collect our belongings. Our check out time didn't take long at all. 10 minutes max! When we went out to valet to pick up our car, the bellhop was already out there waiting for us. Overall, we had a GREAT experience at the MGM. It is called the MGM GRAND for a reason, it's MASSIVE, so be prepared to walk! PROS:*great rooms at a fair price (we got a king for 75/night)*modern decor was aesthetically pleasing*room shades*clean*good location (at the beginning of strip making it easy to get in and out of)*you can call valet ahead of time if you are guest at the hotel and when you get down to pick up your car, you will be placed ahead of other guests - this was extremely helpful! *very attentive staff*many restaurants to choose from CONS:*pools are crowded and offers little shade*it can get really crowded and busy because it is such a huge hotel *layout of hotel (most restaurants and pool is on the other side of hotel)*weak WI-FI signal, if you want stronger, you have to pay an extra $15*$25 resort fee to use the "cardio center" (we never saw this as we didn't care about working out on our vacation!), a daily newspaper, incoming and outgoing calls (big BOO for this)
4	The MGM was a sight for sore eyes after staying at a dive on Fremont the night before.  Lets start with location, which is at the beginning of the strip.  Its an optimal location if you intend on driving or taking a cab to another location because the street in front of the exit is not filled with boozed up idiots that can't figure out how to negotiate walking down the street and staying out of the drive ways.  We got to the casino and the valet staff was accommodating and nice.  Check in was a breeze because they actually have 10 to 12 people checking you in.  Our room was fantastic for the price we paid.  Comfortable bed, new carpet, bathroom that was totally upscale and appealing to the eyes.  Our view was of the mountain range rather than the strip, but I prefer that.  You can see the planes coming in and out of the airport.  The best part of the room was the shades, one which was sheer and would drown out a little light.  The other would black out the entire room even during the day.  They are quiet and cozy and perfect for relaxing after walking your butt off all day.The hotel has many amenities and you would really never have to leave the place if you didnt want to.  Just remember EVERYTHING in there is expensive.  So bring your own water and be prepared to get raped by starbucks lol.PROs:  LocationAmenitiesHelpful staffPrice for the roomShowsLate night restaurantsCONs:"resort fee" $25 a night for a "cardio room" and news paper (stupid)Pool area is over crowded and has no shade, unless you want to pay 400 bucks a day for a cabana.  Over crowding: with 6000 plus rooms, this place can get really packed and it makes the experience a lot less enjoyable when fighting that many people.  Overpriced items like waterNo refrigerator (unless you want to pay a 50 dollar re-stocking fee)
2	I stayed at the MGM a while back and I have to honestly say, its probably the most boring, bland hotel I have ever stayed at in Vegas. Starting off with the hotel itself, it offers a decent environment as far as decorations and overall ambiance goes. It almost looks like a cheap mall that was remade into a hotel lobby and casino. Next is the room. Once again, one of the most bland and boring rooms I have had the pleasure staying at. Not a real WOW factor as fas as the experience goes. Very normal, dry and simple. Not to mention that I had an AMAZING view of the airport, yuck. I spent more time at other hotels than I did at my very own. MGM needs to spice things up a little bit, just to lighten up the scene.    I recommend staying here if your looking for a not so Vegas hotel as far as movement and excitement goes. Other than that, i'd look elsewhere. Also, kiddos might enjoy it a little more with the Lion den and Rainforest cafe being in there.
3	Our stay at MGM was ok.4 of us all pulled together and decided to splash out and stay in one of the large sky view suites, (had 2 large bedrooms, 4 HD televisions and a billiard table. An awesome room and well worth the money) I don't think we would have enjoyed our stay as much if we didn't have this haven to retreat back to.The main issue we encountered was when we checked in. The man at the counter did not run through any of the expenses with us. And never had us sign any papers, which we found kind of weird as every other normal hotel does.He told us the cost of the room and charged my friends card, but when we checked the transaction history on the card account it had actually been charged an additional $300, so we're thinking he's overcharged us without realizing. Also, due to the limit on the credit card, this unexpected additional cost caused an overdrawn fee on my friends account.When we explained this to management, they did not care at all about how their staff had not communicated with us properly and how this had affected my friends funds.Their response,"That $300 is a bond fee for the room, it will be returned at the end if your stay and is always included in the room you booked, it was on the paper you signed"We didn't sign ANY papers and even when booking over the phone no one told us of this. After again, trying to explain that if we had known this we would have then split the costs over two cards we got a blank stare and an additional "well what do you want us to do about it" In the end they offered a petty $75 voucher. We didn't want a voucher, we just wanted an apology. And not once did they apologize for the lack of service and communication.I would have left MGM with a 5 star rating if the manager assigned to us  had actually listened to our concerns, acknowledged them and apologized. Some (not all) staff at MGM need to get a lesson in customer service
1	Never ever again! Zero stars!We arrived late on Wednesday night 07/24 around 11pm or so.  We were told there are no non smoking rooms left, and despite booking one it is merely a request. This is supposed to be the hotel with the most rooms in Vegas. After getting upset, the guy spoke to his manager and miraculously "found" a room.Upon entering the room - it smelled... It was bad. The carpet was filthy... So much so that when my son took off his shoes his socks turned black.  The comforter on one of the beds had stains on it. At this point, rather than complain, I figured I would just make do. It's late and it will get better right? So I simply remove the comforter cause I generally don't use it anyway. The next morning when I wake up, there is something uncomfortable under my sheets bothering my back... What is it? A large bottle cap, in between the sheets and the mattress. So does that mean the sheets were not removed when the last guest stayed here?Thursday, we left the room early in the am around 10am  Or so and  returned around 3 pm. The room was not cleaned yet, so we left. They had almost 6 hours to do so, and it wasn't done? Well it's a big hotel, I can get over it. We came back around 6, and it was finally done. Once it was finally done, guess what? The comforter was still there! Big surprise. So again, I just kicked it to the floor. On Friday, we returned again around 3 or so and it wasnt cleaned. When housekeeping came, we sat in the room while they cleaned the room and even tipped her $5.00. I didn't even bother pointing out the comforter since I won't use it, I just asked for 1 extra towel. Again, I usually don't complain. But I did watch her change the sheets.  Friday night, we went to bed around 11. The connecting room next door was making a horrible amount of noise at midnight. Shouting, laughing, music. Me, my wife, and my kids could not sleep. We called the front desk and they took care of it. It started again around 2 am. I called again. And again they said they would take care of it. It is a little after 4 am now - and guess what? They are doing it again. I call once again and  am assured it will be dealt with. Of course, we have not slept all night. And the woman on the phone offers us a food credit for our inconvenience. Are you kidding me?We come to Vegas 4 times a year, literally. We have stayed all over the strip. We are also a family that travels a lot.Weekend trips, long vacations. So we know hotels. And honestly, we haven't had an experience like this bad before. The funny thing is, I've been to this hotelMany times before to eat,Because it houses some of the finest restaurants   in town. And I assumed that since that is the case, the hotelItself must be pretty amazing. L'altilier, Robuchon, and Craft Steak are 3 of my favorite restaurants  in Vegas. I've eaten at each place multiple times. These restaurants are simply too good for this place. This hotel  is  horrible. And the worst part, No one cares. I check out in a few hours, and I will definitely complain. 5am now and the guys next door are banging on something. I have come downstairs to complain to a manger - cause clearly calling 3 times doesn't work. There is no one here, and the guy went back to get his manager... It's been almost 10 minutes. Do yourself a favor, don't stay here. I know I won't be returning.So last night, the night manager Cesar promised to comp the night that I had the problem with the unruly neighbors. This morning I go to the front desk to double check... And guess what, not only did they not do it, but allegedly they can't because I prepaid through a convention group I came with. All they can do is offer me a free upgrade upon my next stay (no chance in hell that will happen). They have to go through all the convention attendees accounts, all 6,000 of them, before they can offer a credit to the convention group who will then credit me. BS. Absolute crap. The day shift manager told me,  don't store cash and we have no means of crediting your credit card.... So this casino that deals in millions of dollars a day can't give me $189.00? Why didn't she just tell me the truth which is "we at MGM grand would like to say F-U and think you for your shitty stay!"
4	I loved my stay at the MGM Grand!!! My husband and I were there from June 14-19 which was Friday-Wednesday. It was definitely enough time to see Vegas, and some of our group left on Monday or Tuesday due to their schedules and they had a great time in those few days! I had never been to Las Vegas before so I have no other Vegas experiences to compare it to, but it was amazing! I cannot wait to go back. My husband and I went to Vegas for his birthday celebration and I had been planning our trip for months. We heard great things about the MGM and decided it would be a great place for our entire group to stay (we had about 15 family members and friends flying in from all over the country). My parents stayed even longer than we did and they rented a car for the week, which was great. We took it to go off the strip for dinner a couple times and to visit Fremont Street (not the best place, I went during the day but heard it's more fun at night). There is also a Haufbrau (spelling?) House, a German beer/food place off the strip that my husband enjoyed going to! Here are the pros and cons of the MGM:Pros:*Lots of restaurants - we went to Rainforest Cafe, The Pub, McDonalds, the place next to McDonalds that had Krispy Kreme donuts (yum), the pizza place in the basement, the crepe place (delicious), and Diego.*Great location - south end of the strip but not all the way down the strip, still close to NYNY, Walgreens, etc.*Close to the airport*Check in at the airport is available to skip the lines at hotel*Huge hotel, tons to do!*Good breakfast buffet, I went one time*Convenience store by elevators, has everything you need!*Elevators are fast (we used the ones behind a set of glass doors, go past the elevators in your wing on the ground level, they are even quicker and no lines!)*Pools are amazing!! 5 pools total, lazy river, and outdoor pool club*Clean rooms*Blackout shade in your room! Woo hoo!*Nice amenities in the room and bathroom*Huge casino*Cirque de Soilel show (Ka) that we has tickets to was right in the hotel, which was great!*Monorail is accessible from inside the hotel, which was awesomeCons:*I was not treated nicely at Wet Republic (staff was incredibly rude to me)*There is practically no shade at the pools, get there super early if you want shade!*Lazy river was full of drunks, it was a little off-putting and felt like a cheap spring break in college*You have to walk A LOT! Huge hotel.*Long line to check out of hotel (we opted for the express check out)*Valet parking took over 35 minutes to get our car on the day we were leaving for the airport. We had called ahead, too, but it still took that long! That was unusual compared to the rest of the week, but it happened on the worst possible day when we needed the car!*Wi fi is horrible at the hotel*TV in two of our friends' rooms stopped working numerous times*The rooms smell pretty bad, not sure why*Sometimes the room had not been cleaned by the afternoon hours, but it is a big hotel so that is understandableTwo tips: Do not move anything in the mini fridge, they come to check daily to see if you opened something. Luckily they did not charge us even though we were curious about all of the items!If you are traveling with four people and staying in one room, only book the room under two names instead of four. You can ask for four room keys and then you solve the problem of getting everyone into the pool (everyone needs a key), while also saving money on the daily hotel charges for each person. I am not saying that we did this.... Just a tip.
4	Booked 2 rooms in March for July, still couldn't be accommodated to have them connecting. Check In was a nightmare, even as an M Life rewards member. Room nice, beds comfortable, showers shower. It was an overall dry experience staying at the MGM, luckily my travel companions made the trip fun and exciting because nothing at the MGM really impressed me
3	The room was nice & the staff was friendly.  My friends & I came here for a bachelorette party & planned to stay both days at the pool.  The problem with the lazy river, is that it was not very lazy because jets of water kept hitting you in the face while you were floating.  Don't even try & get in here and not expect to get DRENCHED. Its definitely not relaxing.  The lazy river would have been so fun if those jets weren't on.
1	F this place. One of the top two worst Vegas hotel experiences.I'm here right now on a vacay. Last year I came for the same event, stayed at the Palms for the same price and the room was a sweet, suite and around THREE times as big!!! I was so upset, so I called for a room upgrade.  Upgrade fee .. okay. I leave my room on the 8th floor and to my new room which I have to go down to 1st and up another elevator to the 16th floor.I enter....TV on some random channel...Closet open with lights on...Seats moved around...One of the bathroom lights on...There is an empty pizza box... couple empty beers...iron and board set up...messy sheets... spot lamp lighting pointing at the bed.... and a f ing open "LOVE BOX"....MULTIPLE USED CONDOMS and their open wrappers littering the room... uh... I call pissed and request another room and to waive the fee... nope. You kidding me?! Apparently there are no similar rooms available on the floor or any near floors which use the same elevator so we have to go back down and up again and return to the 8th floor. I enter the new room upset and unsatisfied by the choice I made for which resort to stay in.Oh and now the remote doesn't work in the new suite. Now I'm watching a continuous commercial looping and telling me how MGM is supposed to make my stay great.We rest for 30 minutes and head over to the Ling Ling Lounge in Hakkasan which was reserved for our own private party.After everyone waited for 40 minutes PAST our reserved time they THEN mention the "dress code" issue which was never previously mentioned, or expected due to the lounge being reserved and private party.We return back to our rooms to change and return to the event. Thanks MGM for helping my experience/vacay with you guys.Contact me if you have a reason for me to remove this.
4	Remodeled MGM is beautiful! I love the new modern, flower-like theme they have going on. Everything looked amazing and smelled amazing! Make sense why everyone wants to stay here now as they have a new club Hakkasan and the rates were dramatically lower than THE Hotel at Manadalay, granted it was a monday. It was packed with people still on a monday though, so you know MGM is coming back with a bang! Loving there restroom mirrors, my friends and i all want one in our own house! We loved how light surrounds the mirror , this helps a lot in making ourselves look good for the rest of the night!
4	The moment you walk in it smells amazing! I loved the MGM's signature smell. We stayed in the Grand Tower, our room was neat, clean, and looked great. The restroom was clean, and looked fairly new. Whatever you do, don't remove the drinks that are in the refrigerator, not even to take a picture because the fridge has a timer. Overall, it was a great experience, Jason checked us out, he was very pleasant and friendly.
4	Let me start by saying upon arrival i had already had it with the mgm. Upon arrival, my family and I exited a taxi and there were 2 bell guys standing there. One went off to help another car AWAY from them and the 2nd guy vanished. That was strike 1! HOW RUDE! Myself and the taxi guy unloaded our things onto the cart. Some guy by the name of Ted or Tez or something like that came and helped and apologized for the 2 rude guys. He was nice. Even though the check in line was long, i was able to get a quick check in due to being a vip member which sort of made me feel better however, the 2nd strike came when i arrived to my room. The TV was not working. This held us up from going to the pool. However they made it up to me by allowing me to check out at 1pm. This hotel is really nice and i love that they have so many pools and jacuzzis. This is a party hotel and not kid friendly. The rooms, hallways, and bathrooms are nice. I will stay here again! Just don't be rude as i arrive mgm guest!
4	MGM Grand is the definition of a mega-resort, offering everything under one roof - and boy is it a big roof. A recent stay at MGM Grand proved to be comfortable, yet inconvenient at the same time. Let me explain. MGM is massive - the advantage is that everything that you could possibly want is under one roof - nightlife (Hakkasan), day club (Wet Republic), pool, spa, high end dining (Joel Robuchon), shows (KA, David Copperfield), etc. The disadvantage is that walking distances can be... well... a pain. It may be a small gripe, but the inconvenience does add up. Tip: If you're staying at MGM, be sure to ask for a room next to the elevator - this will save you from having to walk a great distance just to get to your room (and will save you the walk when you want to get ice). The newly renovated rooms are nice - they have a clean, modern look to them. One drawback to the newly renovated room is that the in-room technology is not quite up to the newer resorts on the strip - you can't control lighting, blinds, etc from the TV a la Aria. The newly renovated rooms do have automated blind controls, but for some reason, there is only one switch, and it is located near the window, which means that if you want to open the windows, you'll have to walk over to the window to do so (again, just a minor inconvenience, but what's the point of automation if you still have to walk over to do it)?Overall, MGM's a good option for the south strip - just remember to bring some comfortable walking shoes. Tip: The Starbucks next to the coffee shop (Avenue 24) is the most expensive Starbucks I have ever seen - $4.50 for a grande Americano... and they don't take Starbucks gift cards... avoid it like the plague... unless you have Express Comps to burn through mLife.
4	I went here with my boyfriend and his family a few weeks ago. We had good service here but we didn't like the price. When we went down to see the lion exhibit when my boyfriend threw up in the elevator. I told an empolyee what happened and they asked me if a little kid did it. I thought that was kind of personal because I had to tell them that my 28 year boyfriend did it. But later that night my boyfriend took me for a stroll. We had a wonderful stroll and he poped the big question "will you marry me". WE ARE ENGAGED NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The hotel gave us a coupon for a nearby restrant because of our engagment.
5	Still a top hotel choice for me to stay at anytime I'm in Vegas. Everything I could want is under one roof.-Do I want entertainment? There are shows (KA; David Coppefield; etc) or depending on the schedule a concert or fight. MGM has the Grand Arena which has the capacity to hold a large number of people to attend headline concerts and/or major fights.-Do I want to eat? There's a variety of eateries and restaurants to choose ranging from food court dining to fine dining. My favorite steak place, Craftsteak is right here :)-Do I want to sleep well? The room rates are pretty good compared to other hotels on the strip. The rooms have been updated and the beds are comfy. -Do I want to party? There are bars and lounges sprinkled throughout the hotel. There's also Wet Republic day club and  the newest night club in town, Hakkasan.-Do I want to relax? There is a spa and the very large pool area with a number of pools to choose from. -Do I want to gamble? Take your pick of the many tables offered in the casino. As I'm writing this review, I'm comfortably situated in my newly remodeled MGM room. The entire room is pitch black (making it ideal to fully concentrate on Yelping lol) thanks to the awesome blackout shades that I can automatically control with a push of a button. Of the other hotels I've stayed at, this is the only time I've ever seen legit blackout shades and as many times as I've been to Vegas, there's nothing more annoying than rays of light peeking and/or streaming through your window after a very long night of gambling, drinking, and clubbing! But enough about the blackout shades...As mentioned in my initial review, MGM consistently offers me reasonable room rates. There are 2 ways for you to score their deals (I've done both). 1) Sign up to receive their emails. Check out mgmgrand.com to sign up on their guestbook.2) Sign up to become an Mlife member. Check out Mlife.com for info. It's free to sign up. Most Vegas hotels offer players cards that reward you for your loyalty to them, but I've solely remained an Mlife member because of its ease of use, its perks, and I can also use it at other Vegas hotels within the MGM network (Aria, Vdara, Mandalay Bay, the Mirage, etc). These are hotels I usually frequent when I'm in Vegas. I'm in the gold tier ;) During this most recent Vegas trip, I came with my mom and sister for a quick weekend getaway. For a Sat-Mon stay, total came to $208 including taxes and fees. My mom booked it via her Mlife membership.In 3 days, I'm returning to Vegas with my boyfriend, family, and friends. No surprise as to where we're all staying lol.
2	Crazy check in line.  They need to figure out something about that...and also they need to have a check in line and a check out line.  Their beds and beddings need to catch up to other hotels.  It wasn't soft or comfy at all.  Feather pillows aren't good if they're not top notch. All there rooms are too far down the hallways.   They need rooms to be closer to the center of the casino.  Our rooms were fine, but some of our friends was allllll the way down and takes like 5-10 minutes to walk too.  The bathroom was small and old.
1	The recently updated room is sleek, modern, and comfortable.Pros:1. Comfortable bed2. Electric blinds with blackout or sheer option3. Spacious bathroom4. Cleaning staff was friendly Cons:1. Most of the eateries are overpriced2. There is a mandatory $28 resort fee that includes super slow wi-fi. It took forever to load web pages such as Facebook3. The cardio room is small and needs AC (had a musty odor)4. Tried to call the front desk on the morning of checkout and was on hold for more than 10 minutes and no one ever answered the phone-wth5. If you check in early, they charge you an extra $20 (this is complimentary at other hotels)6. Not much kid friendly things besides the pool7. The "special" deal we got came with 2 free buffet passes however when you check in, the lady at the front desk didn't even mention that to us. I had to ask then she said its ONLY good for breakfast which is 7-10 a.m. It's Vegas!! Who likes to get up early?8. No refridgerator to store your drinks.Overall, my room was nicely furnished but this is not a family friendly hotel. There is nothing for kids to do here beside the pool. I have no plans to come back. Check out other hotels first.
4	mgm geand garden arena ufc 162 silva vs weidman vegas. !! baby with the whole fam damly
1	My first and last time staying here. First off we arrived on a Tuesday this sat week. The check in line was divided into 2 lines and there were easily 50 people in each line with 6 MGM check in staff checking peope in. After 1/2 an hour and several people complaining more staff trickled in. One hour later we were on our way to our room. We reserved a room with 2 queen beds and the room was clean, spacious and beds very comfortable. We went down to the pool, kids wanted to check out lazy river. Apparently the $28 resort fee does not include rafts, you have to rent them. In the 3 hours I was down there not once did a cocktail waitress ask if I wanted something to drink. Went to bar only to be told cash only, they're credit card machine wasn't working and no room charges either. Avenue 24 is ridiculously expensive for breakfast, eat out or try Starbucks. The monorail is $5.00 one way per person or $12.00 round trip. It was cheaper for the 4 of us to take a cab than to take the monorail. I noticed a lot of women looking to solicitate, not one staff member seemed to care. Definitely will stay someplace else next time.
2	I honestly could not wait to get out of this place. It's huge.  You have to walk about 2 miles to get to the convention center. (not that I mind walking but it is irritating).My favorite thing about this place is that there's a Starbucks in it, and that's about it.Most of the restaurants in the hotel are overpriced and not very good.  The Wolfgang Puck place was just OK and the pub they have is also just OK.  The breakfast buffet is a joke.  Don't bother.  It is also SO CROWDED which makes it even harder to get around.Checking in takes a good hour, so be prepared for that.  If you like singing Sloop John B, this is def. a place that will inspire you to sing this song.
4	This resort is HUGE.  One of the nice things is  that even though people smoke in the casinos, you don't notice it.  They must have really good ventilation systems.  We checked in around 9pm, and the wait was about 15 minutes, but the line moved along pretty efficiently.  The hotel room was HUGE.  It was awesome.  The room also had an option of the shade curtain or the dark curtain, which are both controlled by buttons on the wall.  Let me tell you, the dark curtain will completely black out the room and you will sleep for forever.  The bathroom is really large as well, but not too fancy.  The hotel also had wi-fi included with the $25/DAY resort fee.The 4 pools and lazy river are pretty awesome, but fill quickly.  And if you go during the summer, there will be children EVERYWHERE, which is really annoying.  They do have 1 tiny adults only pool, but it's the farthest away from the resort.  The lazy river is great, but kind of dirty with leaves, and you have to pay for an inner tube, unless you want to rent a cabana for a ridiculous amount of money.  The prices of the pool drinks and food are ridiculous, however if you walk up to the bar yourself, you instantly get up to $5 off.  Just walk to Fat Tuesday on the 1st level by the parking garage and get a cheaper drink and take it with you.  Overall, great stay.  Just be prepared to walk A LOT.
2	Good visit to Vegas recently. Disappointed with MGM. Service is not good anywhere we went at MGM. Over priced for the quality. We cruised most of the other hotels and casinos on the strip and MGM won't get my business next time. Not that they were bad, but, their competitors were certainly better.
1	Here I am writing a review at 9:25 am on a Sunday morning while in Vegas on vacation. Why? Because at 7:40 am my boyfriend and I were rudely awaken by MGM hotel security for questioning regarding a robbery at the pool the day before that was reported to police. After being treated like criminals, dragged down to the security office and questioned for an hour about something that had NOTHING to do with us we were finally released to leave. Apparently the robber was African American and my boyfriend must be the only African American in this hotel so it must be him right?how about security tries something brilliant and pulls surveillance tapes prior to accusing innocent guests? Then I call to speak with the hotel manager and they tell me it's not a hotel matter it's a security matter and they won't let me talk to a guest relations manager. Excuse me? I have been in high end customer service based management my whole working life and this is for sure a guest relation issue when we are rudely awaken on a Sunday morning to ruin our entire vacation and with no compensation for their mistake! I will never stay at MGM again, not because of security who is just doing their job but because the hotel fails to realize its a guest relation issue and should be compensated for the disruption.
4	Being that I am not a baller (not even close), this is my favorite hotel, for the cost. For me, the most important thing about a Vegas hotel is the pool and the MGM has a great one! I am all about 3 things here: 1) The lazy river2) A Coors light in hand as I am tubing around the Lazy river3) Napping away my hangover on my tube in the Lazy riverCan you tell that I am all about their lazy river?? My other favorite thing is that they got rid of the Sky Screamer. I try to fulfill most dares and this is not one I ever wanted to do - and now I don't have to. I also think the rooms are really nice and we've never had an issue with noise. I am a huge fan of their Rain Forest Cafe and feel their Cobb salad is probably the biggest I've ever gotten. Being a cat lover, I can also totally appreciate the cat sanctuary. If only they'd let me in it to feed the lions!! Even when we haven't stayed at the MGM, we've always made a point to go to their club Studio 54. I don't know if it's the multiple levels or acrobats coming down from the ceiling or just the familiarity, but it's my favorite club. The buffet here is as good as any of the other hotels, just a little cheaper than the new 5 and 6 star ones popping up. You can catch the monorail from the MGM all the way to the north end of the strip or cross the overpass and catch another one that heads south, ending at the Mandalay Bay. This hotel is family friendly and always has good deals. It's a win-win, even if you don't win on the gaming floor!
4	I stayed here this past weekend. 3.5 stars overall. Got a good deal on the room so it was a nice stay.Yay:-Housekeeping: was very polite and the room was kept clean.Nay:-Our bathroom sink kept getting clogged.  After we called to get it serviced the second day, it was a lot better.
3	If you're booking for the lazy river, be prepared to pay $17 per tub to float around in it. resort fee is $25 a day but that only lets you go to the pool to soak in a 3 feet deep pool with lots of kids. If you're booking for the buffet, it's only for breakfast before 10am. I felt a bit decevied because it said 2 buffets per stay and I totally took it as 2 for each night that I booked. Oh well, didn't becuase who wakes up that early in Vegas. The room was nice and clean. The cleaning staff were all very nice. Some of the staff at check in were a bit snooty. The drink girls that work at the pool all seemed aged and out dated. I go out to Vegas at least 2-4 times a year and I'll probably try another hotel the next time I'm in Vegas.
1	I would love to not give a star at all, but since I have to I will give them 1. We booked this trip with a few friends and it was problems from the start. Trying to call and book/upgrade rooms, forget about it. Took hours to be able to talk to someone and the lady who answered the phone was rude. Only one couple (our friends) got the upgraded room and we could not get the upgrade until the second night. When we tried to get the room the second day, the room was not ready yet we had to be out of our current room, what?!? I guess it was a good thing we came with friends. A couple hours later, we called from the pool to re check in to our second room and it still was not ready. So frustrating! Finally we got the room, at 6pm. Nothing was done for us and no one seemed to care, such horrible customer service. Where were the managers?!? Everything that the hotel did was ridiculous and no one was helpful. Not only that, but when we checked our bank, they charged us all different pricing and well of course, overcharged. My husband and I have always stayed at the Wynn, and have had nothing but amazing experiences there. Customer service is fantastic and we always feel valued, not to mention their rooms are spectacular. Never again will I stay at the MGM and I will only be going to the Wynn.
5	I really enjoy standing at the MGM Grand. Their Management and Staff treat their regular customers like the VIPs they are... I received a room upgrade and several comps while I was there over the weekend. Their KA Show is amazing, along with the Michael Jackson One Show by Cirque du Soleil at the Mandalay Bay, which is one of the best Cirque du Soleil Shows in Vegas.The MGM Grand Hotel is well kept and their rooms recently went through millions of dollars in upgrades. Beautiful rooms, with great Management and Staff. Only one Con for the MGM:There is a mandatory $25 a day Resort Fee, which was an issue for me. This fee included an additional $3 in taxes ($28). It's a fee you cannot decline, which I tried... So how is it taxed when it's mandatory?  It's not a purchase, so where is the tax coming from?  It really doesn't make sense too me, however I did have a great time regardless of the $84 in Resort Fees, which I won back with interest at the tables.
3	We arrived on a Sunday afternoon. The check in line was extremely long, however, my mother is wheelchair bound and the concierge immediately approached us to come to another window to be assisted for check in.  Although, we wouldn't mind to have waited with everyone else, we appreciated the extra help.When we got to our room, we were pleased with the size of the room.  There were two televisions, two telephones, automatic window shades, a nice huge big bathroom with a separate shower and bathtub, two sinks, marble bathroom floors.  The part of the room that was carpet was disappointing.  The carpet needed to be cleaned, as it was dirty.We decided to get ready and hit the city...we proceeded to the lobby and w-a-l-k-e-d all around the hotel to find our spot to gamble. Although, we didn't win millions, we had a good time. With many people smoking, it wasn't apparent. The fresh/scent in the air made the gambling area pleasant. The kids decided to hit "The Lazy River" and immediately were disappointed, as there is a fee for getting an inner tube.  Since there is a daily Resort fee ($25.00), this fee should cover the inner tube cost. Oh, you do get a "free" inner tube when you pay for a cabana...for a ridiculous fee!When we got up and out of the room for the day at 9:00 AM,  we made sure to take the "Recharging IN Progress" off the door, so the maid could clean our room.  When we returned at 4:00 PM, to get ready for the evening our room still wasn't cleaned.  I'm not sure what time the room was cleaned, as we didn't return until 12:30AM.  When I woke up in the middle of the night, I could not see the clock from the bed, as it is on top of the telephone facing towards the ceiling.We were really disappointed upon our return to the room, as we had left overs and when we opened the refrigerator, there was no place to put the food.  The refrigerator was already stocked by the hotel with drinks.  If one of us moved any items, there would be a re-stock fee!We had to use the pull out couch and it was apparent that since the couch was placed there, it has not been vacuumed underneath.  There was enough trash, if or when cleaned it would take up a trash can.The next day, we stopped by Starbucks for our morning coffee, as there is not a coffee pot in the room.  I saw one of the hotel employees and asked if there was a comment card.  I was told "we don't have those, and I could speak to a manager."  This is why I am leaving my comments on Yelp. CONS:No coffee potNo inner tube, should be part of "Resort fee"Too long to service roomCarpet needs to be cleanedCarpet under pull out bed extremely dirty with trashNo additional refrigerator for personal useClock unable to see when in bedLion  Exhibit closed and lions moved to an offsite, where you have to pay a fee to see them.)PROS:Enjoyed fresh smell of hotelEasy check out
3	"Guaranteed" early check-in is a joke! We opted for the $20 early check-in fee, only for them to say the room wasn't available! smhWent up to our rooms (after waiting 2 hours for it) and our keys don't work! Now we're waiting for security to let us in our room, then we have to go back to the front desk and get new keys! Ugh!
4	Staying here for a buddies bachelor party. The rooms are all remodeled and the interior is brand new. It reminds me of a W hotel. We are on the 24 with the view of aria,Cosmo,planet Hollywood and Hilton. The only reason it's not five stars because the cab line is always Long at night so we have to wait a Long time to get where are we going.
5	The MGM never disappoint$. :)
1	Literally one of the worst hotel experiences of my life!!!Came to LV on business and wanted to stay in the quiet atmosphere of the Signature Towers where I booked a room with two queen beds for me and a coworker.I was instead offered a room with a single bed and a couch that, apparently, folded out into a cot, dorm-room-style!!!Upon several hours of pointless complaining, the staff continued to insist that all of their rooms came with one bed and one cot and all counted as having two Queens and that should I like to have two actual beds to sleep in, I am welcome to book two separate rooms at the newly inflated rate due to the late booking and the fullness of the hotel because of the convention.The last solution was to cancel the reservation and move it to the parent property: MGM Grand.Things did not improve...The hotel manager was not in the least apologetic over the ordeal and announced that since the previous room did indeed provide two separate spaces where a person could sleep, it was essentially my pickyness that resulted that in my having to move, so she was not going to discount the room, give away dining vouchers or compensate me in any way.Having thus spent over three hours, we just took the room and went upstairs in the hopes of a nice shower and maybe some room service.This is what we got:1. I did not realize that the MGM rooms glow a terrifying, morbid green because of the lighting of the exterior of the hotel. It was scary...2. The shower only had a freezing and scalding water setting, nothing else...3. The newly renovated room featured not only torn wallpaper, but also artfully torn towels.4. For the price of the room service, I think I could have hired Gordon Ramsey himself to come down and wine and dine me.5. And perhaps the crowning jewel so far was discovered when we came back from dinner and attempted to place our leftovers in the mini refrigerator in the room, only to find it locked!!Upon calling for help we were informed that it was not in fact a fridge (as it appeared to the uneducated eye) but a mini bar for the use of the hotel only and that in order to operate it we not only had to go downstairs to the reception to prove we were 21, but also needed to pay $25 PER DAY, on top of the cost of the drinks for it to be unlocked and turned on. And, no, we were not allowed to put unauthorized food in it.Sadly, we have to stay here 3 more nights for the convention (MAGIC), so I am sure more surprises will follow!!Please, for the sake of humanity, DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!
2	Luxurious strip-view room at the MGM Grand: Awesome. Flamin' Hot Cheetos: Great. Luxurious strip-view room + Flamin' Hot Cheetos on the floor when you check in that are not yours: Not so great. Moral: Two greats do not always equal double great, and in this case, really soured our stay. When we checked into the room we found trash (and Cheetos) on the floor, hair on the ground in the bathroom, stained towels, and a TV that didn't work. It's really a shame that one careless housekeeper can make such a bad impression on you for the whole stay, but that's how it goes. I really love MGM resorts, and I really wanted to like the MGM Grand, but this stay really made it hard for me. If I wanted to use a bathroom with someone else's nasty hair all over the floor, I'd have gone to a gas station, thanks. At the desk they offered a "freshen up" from housekeeping, but I didn't find this ideal given that we had already settled in the room. The TV which I called about immediately after arrival was never fixed during our 3 day stay. They waived the resort fee for this... appreciated... but too little too late. I hate to give a place I wanted to like so much a bad review, and would love to give them a second chance so that I can update this... but with so many awesome places to stay in this town, I doubt that will be happening for a while. Womp Womp.I'll just end on a good note so as to not be a Debbie Downer: Great pool... and they let you bring drinks in.  :)
2	Don't get the Petite King room. The size of the room is really petite and even more crowded with furniture. Even for 2, we felt really cramped. The shower is not clean, the toilet and shower is separated by a misty glass wall that doesn't completely reach the ceiling (no true privacy and you can see the shadow of the person using the can), the air conditioner is the portable type (how ghetto), and there is no ample space to put your toiletries down next to the sink. It seems like these rooms were designed to cram in as many people per sq feet. For $200/night this room is not recommended. I think a fairer price point is $80/night. But it's Vegas, who am I kidding! I think the room is a 3 star room but due to the price minus 1 star. Tip: Look for deals!!!
2	Make SURE they don't put you in the South Tower unless you want a trash can for a view. You also feel like you are underground. Not my idea of Vegas! This is a maintenance tower w a strange & shady entrance. You can even take the elevator to the basement where service stuff was. It was my first impression of MGM and it wasn't good. However, their customer service gets an A+. They were very accommodating and moved us to the Grand Tower where the entrance is beautiful and we have a decent view now. Still not the best view and not the greatest hotel. The bath tub is super shallow. I think I prefer the Mandalay Bay.
4	Love the remodel done here ! Best nightlife in the world !
1	I would never stay here again! What kind of upscale hotel doesn't provide a coffee maker and coffee in your room? They don't even provide a complimentary bottle of water. You can grab one from your weighted minibar for $7+. The pool was a major let down.  I rented my tube to ride the lazy river only to be harassed and manhandled but a heard of drunk frat boys. Unfortunately security seemed to neglect there duties completely.  Another fail on the professionalism of this casino. I was also surprised by a resort fee charge in addition to my daily room charge. If u are going to claim ur a resort then grab some style and class and act like it. Stay anywhere else... It's got to be better than this place.
3	Ok so this place has some really great things about it and not so great. PROS: Hakkasan Wet RepublicGreat eye candyJoel Robuchon Craft SteakShibuya (foie gras dumplings) CONS: Older hotel so ventilation is terribleA lot of people come for the clubs so getting taxis can be trying I had a Grand Queen suite. It was a closet with two full size beds. I don't know about you... But Vegas has too many Great hotels to stay and not be completely satisfied. Chive on
5	I would definitely have to give a 5/5 stars for MGM based on my experience here.  I booked a complimentary  room through myVegas (facebook game that gives real Vegas prizes).  Upon arrival, I noticed the extremely long line of people waiting to check in.  This was at 6:00 pm too!  I waited for about ten to fifteen minutes until I could talk to a representative to check in.  I started to chat it up with the person that was helping me check in.  I asked him if he had any complimentary upgrades available; perhaps a larger room.  I was expecting him to say he did not have anything available because the hotel seemed so busy.  He asked me to give him a minute.  A minute passes and he tells me to hold on some more.  He leaves the desk and comes back five minutes later.  When he comes back, he tells me he has upgraded me to the a grand towers' suite room!  I was in shock that he hooked it up, because I had tried the same thing at Aria, and she shot me down rather quickly.  After that, I gave him a $20 and darted to the room.  The room itself was all the way at the end of the 10th floor, which is good, because all the good rooms are at the end of the halls.  When I opened the doors, I was greeted with a living room with a table, couches, chairs, lamps, and a flat screen t.v.  I then opened the cellular shades with the panel on the wall, and was amazed by the fantastic view of the many hotels and casinos on the strip.  After that, I walked into the bathroom and found his and her sinks, as well as a tub, and a separate shower.  After making my way past the bathroom, I found the master bedroom.  The view was not as spectacular as from the living room though.  However, there was yet another t.v., as well as a table.  This was definitely one awesome room.  As for the hotel itself, parts are outdated, and other areas have been remodeled.  I think it is a hit and miss regarding their rooms.  I have read horrible reviews, and others being very positive.  All in all, I had a very good experience for my first time staying here.  Thank you kind sir for upgrading us for free, even when we already had a free room.  It was greatly appreciated!
4	i stayed at the mgm grand august 17th through the 21st. i loved this hotel! we had a king sized suite and the room was very spacious, clean, and up to date. our air conditioning didn't seem to get very cold but it was cold enough. i only have 2 small complaints, one being that there was something dried and crusty on the sheets. needless to say, i slept on top of the blankets but the beds were very comfortable! my second complaint it about the water in the shower. we couldn't seem to regulate the temperature. it was either scalding hot or freezing cold. i would definitely stay at this hotel again. i would also recommend others to go here! their pools are awesome and they have many places to eat and lots to do. you honestly don't even have to leave the resort. we are 23 and 24 and there were lots of other guests around the same age as us. if you are in your twenties or early thirties this is the place to stay!
3	Self parking was easy... We didn't stay here but came to watch the Show KA.  Unfortunately, the smells of smoking seemed pronounced though the hotel was clean, and felt slighty outdated.  Having said that, I would come here as I've heard others have been happy with the renovated rooms.
5	Stayed here for my boyfriend's 21st b-day, and stayed here again for my b-day. The rooms are refreshing with bright colors. The window shades are wicked cool and could totally block out any sunlight while you rest up from a late night party. The hotel is clean and updated. There are many great night life within this hotel; the popular hakkasan, and wet republic. The casino floor is humongous and has a variety of games. The roulette table was jammed packed and very fun. It was even entertaining to watch. Forgot to mention the Cirque Du Soleil show, "Ka." I've seen 2 Cirque Du Soleil show and this is the best one. Ka has a storyline that is easy to follow unlike the other ones. This was an amazing show. This is our hotel of choice if we ever go back to Vegas.
4	Located on the Southern end of the famous LV Strip!Well I certainly will not pretend I know everything about this hotel, but I shall give you my "2 cents"... hope them pockets are deep! Kidding of course!I've always enjoyed this hotel. While being disabled I found the walk across their large casino to get to Studio 54 proved quite challenging (especially when I forgot my tickets one time) I can still admit to being a pretty big fan of this casino/hotel.They have many pools available... including at least one that features a club.They have many awesome restaurants for any budget... I highly recommend checking out Project Pie!There is a "Fat Tuesdays" available there and that's a big "hell yeah" and tradition for me = Alcoholic Slushies!They have many types of entertainment... not just gambling and clubs, but also comedians, magicians, Cirque du Soleil shows, Boxing Matches, bands, MMA Matches, and so much more.There is a monorail stop to take you to other hotels which is nice.The rooms proved both spacious and comfortable. They offer many types of rooms for all budgets!The staff is extremely nice.... In all positions. Their large front desk has a lot of people working so checking in/out should move pretty quickly!They are located right near many other great hotels as well.I will say there's not a whole lot other than some of the entertainment to really entertaining the kiddies, but I guess it all depends on where their interest lies. NY NY is right across the street which has a great roller coaster and there is also jousting nearby at Excalibur (Tournament of Kings which includes dinner.)I guess my only issue... and I'm willing to admit that it's my own fault for not doing more investigation is that Studio 54's clientele for the most part looked like they could have gone to the original Studio 54 in NYC. I felt really out of place there... oh well nothing a little alcohol couldn't assist with right?I would have no qualms about staying here again!
3	We stayed 3 nights- room was clean, TV HD w lots of channels. Shower fixtures great! 28$/ d resort fee included cardio room, USA today and wifi - Only thing w wifi, YOU HAVE TO HANG AROUND LOBBY OR HALLWAY TO GET A SIGNAL
4	Free self-parking, central to the strip and right off of Tropicana and I-15.  What's not to love?  (Just don't tell we were in it for the parking... didn't stay at the hotel.)
4	Wowzers!  I freaking LOVE this place.  Just spent Labor Day weekend here and had an awesome time.Pros:1.) Smells heavenly.2.) They upgraded our room during a holiday weekend (so extra points for accommodating us)3.) Won a few hundred here (score)4.) The bed was sooooo comfortable, firm but soft.5.) Modern rooms (attached a few pics).6.) Tons of restaurants here, if you want cheap restaurants, you want expensive restaurants they have it.7.) Shopping (even though I didn't, but could tell tons of the women were enjoying it)8.) Lots of cute chicks here.9.) One of the best clubs in Vegas (Hakkasan) even though we didn't go and decided to go to a WAY better club in my opinion, XS at Wynn (AMAZING CLUB).10.) Its close to the airport (taxi ride was $10.50)11.) McDonald's and Nathan's were open till 3:50am late night munchies after partying.12.) And the most important pro, they have the best pool scene.  If you want an exclusive pool party were you have to spend $50-$100 to get in, you can go to Wet Republic (which I've been to), BUT, for a free and even BETTER time, you can go to the Grand Pool Complex at MGM (the general pool) which has a lazy river and have an awesome time.  The pool scene is kind of slow from 9-11am, but the best sets get taken quick, so get there early to lock it down, but by 1-3pm, the party is rocking and you get all the music from Wet Republic.  By 4-5, your partying and meeting tons of fun and cool random people along the lazy river.  YOU WONT BE DISAPPOINTED.  Just make sure to down a few energizers from the bars (there $20), after 3, the place was off the hook.  Cons:1.) Check in here sucks.  The line wasn't an issue for us, we must have waited 3 minutes at most.  The real issue was that we had to wait till 3pm to get our room, even though we were willing to pay the early check in fee of $30. (-.5 star)2.) No cable service the whole stay and to make matters worse we called the front desk but no one came to fix it.  But to be fair, they did give us a discount, so no negative stars.Overall, I love it here, its not the newest hotel, but they did a great job with their renovation.  I'll be back next year!
1	We had 4 rooms at the MGM Grand for 3 nights in August.  I should have realized when we had to wait in a long check in line for 45 minutes, that the hotel has problems.  I didn't realize how big.  My mom was in the hospital in Vegas, so I left one day at 7 am and when I returned at 6:30 pm, hotel workers were in my room.  They told me the room above mine had flooded, and they were cleaning up the walls, floors etc.  They showed me my suitcase filled with wet clothes, and that the ones in the closet were wet also,  Some of my St John Knits even had mold on them already.  They changed my room, sent about half the items off to cleaning, (which they later billed me for), and took pictures of my ruined clothes.  It has been three weeks and I have spent over 15 hours waiting in their long lines, or on the telephone trying to find out when they will reimburse me for my clothes.  No one has ever called to apologize.  I got ahold of one person who said my clothes were expensive and they didn't know when they would figure out how this happened, as if it could be my fault that water came through the ceiling.  Horrible experience that could have been better if the hotel management cared at all.
4	Okay so I gambled here a few times during my trip and the casino is very well kept and amazing in grandeur. It adds to the jaw dropping exp0erience you expect from the tourist trap that is the Las Vegas Strip. I really enjoyed all the sights and sounds of this place and the guest service I received from people directing me to the ticket counters and the parking structure. I met first class employees all around in my book. I definitely will have to return and stay here and maybe catch a fight.
1	We did NOT stay at this hotel.  We came in strictly to do two attractions, the CSI Experience and the CBS Television City Research Center.  Upon walking in we were overpowered with the stench of bad cologne vs massengil douche in the air.  Initially I thought this was a hotel perfume counter gone bad inside one of the shops, but I never walked out of the cloud.  It followed me all the way through the hotel, into the attraction, and in fact, was still on my clothes hours later.  If you have any kind of sensitivity to scents, you will want to avoid this place for lodging, dining or attractions.  Rather than gambling here, you would be better off just giving your money to the oodles of homeless outside the place in the walkwa
1	Awesome place to stay if you want to spend your evening listening to the in-room raves of losers in the adjoining room next door. Don't expect security to do a thing about it. I called four times in forty minutes and security never once showed. I got "upgraded" at the airport to a "Grand Queen Premier View", which apparently means "sharing a door with 20 people throwing a loud rave in the next room over." Screaming, shouting, thumping hip-hop beats--literally all I heard. I have stayed in hotels from here to Pattaya Beach, Thailand and I have NEVER had this issue. The only reason I did not stay at the New York New York as I normally do was because they are under construction and I was afraid I would have to deal with excessive noise. HA! I will never stay at the MGM Grand again. Lobby looks lovely, rooms look fantastic...customer service and soundproofing, however, are a ZERO.Update: Security finally showed up. They made at least six prostitutes leave the room. This thankfully put an end to the matter, but it is worth noting that the pencil-junk throwing the 'party' was warned at least three times about the noise and that at that point they didn't even bother to throw him out. I don't even need to bother adding that there was an odd smell coming from his room that I could detect through our shared door. It's disheartening that the MGM Grand gives these people a slap on the wrist instead of evicting them from the premises, and the rest of us have to deal with it.
4	The bed is amazing along with the big pillows. We stayed in the grand tower and had a decent view, reasonably priced. We especially enjoyed the blackout screen on the windows. Two buttons and it's black as night, even during the day.
4	I love you, MGM. Your bars, your casinos... all except your attitude about electronic cigarettes. Really? You can smoke openly but you're weird about vaping in bars? It shouldn't have taken 20 minutes to explain that it wasn't a crack pipe.Rooms are fantastic and everyone was really helpful otherwise. The front desk staff upgraded us just for the hell of it. Room service was totally understanding about my 3am drunken need for buffalo wings and the cocktails are perfect!
5	During my stay in Vegas, this was just many of the hotels you can walk through just because and its beautiful
2	This is a review about the general atmosphere of the casino level, not the rooms. I have never stayed here, but always come here for the shows and restaurants. It is my impression that the patrons of the casino have gotten very casual, young and rowdy. It's a weekend evening, and everyone is hanging out in their T-shirts, shorts and tennis shoes, holding a beer. I can count with one hand the people wearing a dress-shirt, pants or a jackets. It felt very "Spring-Break", and this is after Labor Day. Summer is over. My wife and I were having a nice dinner at Tom Colicchio Craftsteak. Beautiful establishment and fine food. And there was a table with ten young adults in front of us loud, breaking glassware, falling asleep and getting each separate checks. The table next to us was being really rude and verbal with the waitstaff. Yep, that is the crowd at the MGM. If you are looking for a classy casino to hang out, keep walking. Half of other casino on the Strip will show more sophistication!
1	1 Star.
2	This place is huge, we definitely got exercise walking around. The room was adequate, not the best in Vegas but not the worst. Paranoid complaint, I need to just start calling down and have them remove the shit. They have a little pad next to the TV with crap on it, like a $30 USB cord, that if the stuff gets moved you get charged for it plus a $50 restocking fee. I saw these when I stayed at the Bellagio as well. I have never had anything happen, but I would hate to bump the stand in the middle of the night and get charged more than the cost of the room for crap I would never buy. The entire hotel has a smell about it, it is a sickeningly sweet vanilla fragrance that hangs in the air everywhere. I would almost prefer the smell of smoke over that. The room had a noisy air conditioner that sounded like the compressor was a diesel engine about to stall out. Constantly while we were trying to get around they had staircases closed for cleaning and aromafying. Worse, I was there for a convention, which provided meals. These were awful. There was nothing good to say about the food there. I cannot say if they were trying to get people to eat at their restaurants instead, but wow it was bad. When we did eat on our own, it was not at MGM Grand restaurants. Starting with Day 1 lunch, some soggy sandwiches, I took  "thanksgiving" which is the new popular turkey with stuffing and cranberry. Not really good by any measure. Seemed like they had been sitting for a long time. Day 1 dinner - Black tie - So they come around and sit down trays on the tables, WTF family style black tie event, that is a first. So we are sitting at 10 tops and the platters have 2 tiny pieces of beef and 3 pieces of chicken, the table gets 2 platters. Plus a small bowl of mashed potatoes that I could eat myself. When we asked for more the server gave us grief, but eventually provided more meat and potatoes. Day 2 breakfast - convention eggs, you know the scrambled egg mix with no taste, bacon, sausage, and a peach pancake casserole. Day 2 lunch - more sammiches... didn't eat any.Day 2 dinner - buffet style taquitos, carved roast beef and turkey & stuffing, This was the best meal of the tripDay 3 breakfast - soggy croissant breakfast sandwiches with a little bit of scrambled egg and a little piece of bacon or a chibatta with a little egg and sausage. Everything was pretty bland and tasted old.
1	I don't even know where to being.... Ive been to vegas many times now and this was my first staying at the MGM. I had high expectations of this hotel and honestly I was completely and utterly disappointed. first off our room was about the size of my kitchen at home...the wifi they provide you is a joke...256 kb and 1.mb for 15 dollars really...you guys make millions and cant even provide good wifi? second the customer service of the hotel is the worst ive ever experienced...no one seems to have the answer to anything and they act annoyed when you need something. hotel guests have absolutely NO PERKS to staying here either (wet republic, Hakassan) People should might as well stay at a better hotel and just come to these places. other hotels actually give you perks like Hotel guest lines etc. in the end I will NEVER EVER stay at the MGM again nor will I recommend anyone to stay here.
1	Will not stay here again.  This was our honeymoon trip.1.)  We made reservations for 3 nights and decided to add another one a little later so it came up in there system as 2 reservations - makes sense - they said this would not be a problem...lol...after our "first reservation" night was over apparently the room service thought we were supposed to be gone and tried to come into our room in the middle of the night, not only once, but twice....scaring the living you-know-what out of me.  Obviously communication was lacking.2.)  When my husband went out to see who was trying to come into our room he took his key with him and found out that our keys were disconnected, meaning we needed to get new room keys.  We were told at the front desk there wouldn't be any problems with this, not the case.3.)  When we got our new keys we were told that we wouldn't be debited another safety deposit, but when we got our bill we were debited $128 and $200...once again, not what we expected.4.)  We came in to see the Mayweather fight and we initially booked a King bed and we believe when we booked the second reservation there were move reservations made thus we got a smaller room, thus for the entire stay we were give the smaller room despite the majority of the time was on the original booking with the bigger room.5.)  Room was dark, small, smelled, the trendy heavy glass shower and toilet were right next to each other and was a little uncomfortable if you know what I mean...also opening and closing the doors was annoying since they were quite heavy and made a loud clanging noise when they shut.  Lighting was poor and b/c we had the smaller room the head of our bed was against our jail size window.  Amenities were lacking, extremely slow internet, dial-up would have been faster and no coffee maker or fridge.  We don't drink but there was no mini-bar either.  I think we were supposed to be on the non-smoking floor but you could have fooled me!6.)  So when we checked out our bill was severely incorrect, I believe I was on hold for about 45 min before we could get the bill reconciled.  Also there were these odd "resort fees" that we were mysteriously charged....apparently it was b/c we would have had access to the business center, the cardio room, and to receive a USA today daily...lol...don't think I saw anyone with a USA Today.  And to be honest I am not real confident that this will be my last discussion with them.  All in all, not an impressive place to stay, bad service, no great amenities, horrible communication, no one seemed to care about your stay, don't do it, unless you just want a place to crash after a hard night of drinking, I would say that is the only thing this place is good for.
3	Not my favorite Vegas hotel, but it's worth mentioning.Rooms: OkParking: long, long walk to rooms.  Valet it.Pool: Felt like it was miles away.  Not cool when you've got wet kids in tow.  They didn't allow inner tubes from Mandalay (a sister property) so you're stuck renting.  Pool area is not kid friendly by early afternoon.  Drunk parties everywhere.Casino felt cramped, but that may have been because they were doing construction.  Whatever the case, it was distracting.Food options are decent, ranging from fast food (McD's, Nathan's) to fancy upscale restaurants.  Don't forget about the few places in the walkway to the parking garage.  Cirque du Soleil's Ka was one of the best Cirque shows I've seen.  Amazing and good for the kids too.  Play slots on my Facebook via myVegas and you can earn free rewards.  I stayed at MGM for free.  Yeah, it's possible and won't cost you a penny.
5	Great experience at the MGM. Service and comfort was awesome. Added bonus: got one of the BEST massages ever from Valerie at the spa.
1	Such an extreme disappointment.  For booking a two bedroom suite and paying the rate we did in order to stay at the hotel, one would think that everything would be 5 stars and above.  Unfortunately, this was not the case.Here are the major problems experienced with our stay:1) The sinks in both the mini bar as well as one of the bedrooms kept making loud popping noises.2) The toilet in one of the restrooms smelled like straight sulfur, as well as marijuana.  I addressed the odors with one of the attendants that came to restock the mini bar and his response to me after I mentioned the smell of marijuana was "and thats a problem?!?!"  Why yes, sir, that is a problem when you don't partake in illegal paraphernalia.3) The cleaning service only entered our room once in three days even though we specifically requested that the room be turned over.  Clearly,  the standards don't seem to be held as high as one would expect or require when booking a two bedroom suite.
3	Cheap room, clean, it does the job. But don't expect a huge room!!! It's pretty small. Cute but small. I guess for drinking and parting, it doesn't really matter
5	This is one of my favorite places to stay.  On the monorail line for the convention center, lots of room, restaurants, playing tables, bars, pools.  You really don't ever have to leave the place to find something for every budget.  Nice rooms, decent rates and plenty of stuff to do.
1	"Worst wifi ever" or "no wifi at all". They charge resort fee that covers everything in closing basic wifi but wifi doesn't work. So sad. At this point, the only good thing about MGM was Tom and Jerry.
3	Very mediocre hotel by Vegas standards.  The room was nicely decorated, but few things worked.  Television was not working due to apparent bandwidth problems.  Wired internet useless.  Wireless internet on the verge of being useless.  Loud and often bad music everywhere you walk in public areas.  Cheesy (although probably average by Vegas standards).  Better places to stay, that's for sure.  Don't book a conference here.  Checkin notes for the hotel:  if you're going to build a humongous monstrosity like this, you need to ensure you have front desk capacity to handle the extra flow.  Had to wait in line a good 15 minutes to check in.
4	The MGM Grand is my "go to" hotel in Vegas. I've been to a few others and have always enjoyed this hotel. Good mixed crowd, accommodating staff and service is great! For the first time I actually went out to the pool and was blown away with the "view." The restaurants are good and there's a variety for any price point. The only downside I'll say is the quality of their buffet has gone down. Something to work on?
5	I stay often, about every  2-3 months. They restaurants here are amazing, the pool is large and not too crowded. The newly remodeled rooms are fantastic! the only thing i hate is the remodeled gaming floor, they have taken out many great slots and replaced with crummy one.
2	Nice rooms and a good selection of restaurants. But checkin takes forever. They need a better system. :o(
3	I was here before and after renovations. Before renovations it was extremely outdated and not at all pleasant in smell or sight. After the renovations, the rooms seemed to shrink in size yet had outstanding amenities... a TV in the bathroom mirror..... then i thought probably because the room was os small! Its great for a couple on the go preferring a modern room that is cozy... but if you want space and a fun shower, this is not the place to stay. The hotel is one of the largest and the rooms very but I would not chance being put into this tiny room again!
3	Big hotel big slow valet line. They apparently didn't have enough valets on duty? At least 200 people in line to check in. Not exaggerating I counted. Rooms are well appointed but we were upgraded, they're on the small side but you only need it to sleep right!? The hallway to the rooms are unbelievably long. Make sure you ask for a room  near the elevator. Sometimes bigger isn't better. The plus Frozen Fury is here so we didn't have to drive.
5	What was nice is that the no smoking room actually doesn't have any smoke smell.
4	I never stayed at the MGM Grand but have stayed at other properties including the Signature which is literally next door and probably much easier to get in and out of. Since I stayed and used at the Signature, I was able to use MGM Grand's facilities like the pools which are very big and plentiful. They have a lazy river in one pool and a separate pool "dayclub" if you are a party person.  I enjoy the location of this property along with their selection of restaurants and shopping.
4	In terms of layout this is probably my favorite hotel in Vegas, particularly as it hosts Frozen Fury each year and houses the Joel Robuchon restaurants.  Lacking in shopping and thus depleted of much of the tourists that plague center strip places with pleasant staff, less smoke than many, and decent prices plus convenient monorail access I'm generally quite pleased each time I visit.
3	Not too bad.  I would give it 3.5 stars if I could.  The room was not bad at all and the overall hotel experience was ok.  The only thing I didn't like was that the lazy river area gets really crowded so get there early and the prices for food and drinks in the pool area are very expensive.  If you're trying to save money and spend it on gambling, jump out of the pool and dry off then head to the food courts to get something to eat.  The food in the pool area didn't look like it was enough for the price they were selling them for.
4	Affordable, clean, close to everything, great pool, food court, a few shops, nice casino, and Hakkasan is a great club. Cab ride to the Belagio was around 9$ and $7 shuttle to airport, pretty close to everything!Didn't get a chance to see a show but a lot of people told us to see Ka!Housekeeping left our room half cleaned one day and our bath tub clogged the next. When we called the front desk they were pretty quick to get people to come up. They blast the AC in the casino. We were a group of 4 women in small dresses most of the time and it was freezing. The walls are pretty thin, we could hear our neighbor playing music and when we asked him to turn it down it was only playing from his phone. Drinks are pretty expensive at the pool, even a regular bottle of dada I water was $5.
4	Bought a deal to take wide to Vegas for her birthday and he MGM is as great place to stay.   We had a grand king room which was very nice and comfortable and was recently updated.  There are plenty of food choices.  Our hotel deal included two buffets and we went to the champagne brunch buffet which was very good.  We also dined at Craftsteak a nice steakhouse. The food there was a bit pricey but very good.  The pool area is huge and has a lazy river, which is where we camped for a more relaxed atmosphere
2	If you're under the age of 40, like me, you might not find this hotel as enjoyable and trendy as the the other options vegas has to offer. First of all, they pump old lady perfume through the vents as you enter. I had to suppress my gag reflex every time I walked into the lobby.  The walk to our tiny room felt like forever. The hotel's so large, I thought the hallways would never end. The biggest letdown was the bathroom. It's not closed off, so anyone you stay with can hear (or smell) whatever you're doing in there. So when my bf started feeling the effects of the buffet he went nuts on the day before, I had to leave the room. Bottom line? I'd pay the extra money to stay in a swankier place with bigger rooms. If there's one thing you do right, it's Vegas.
4	After the renovation, I really liked the look of MGM Grand, though I hadn't gotten to see the hotel rooms except the petite king, until now. My mom booked an executive queen room for her trip this week because no other properties had good prices. Having not stayed here before, she wasn't quite sure what to expect, but was pleasantly surprised when she arrived. She was hesitant to book at this hotel because my aunt had said that she did not like her room. This was because her husband had booked the petite king room and I don't think she was expecting such a small room. The petite suites are pretty small, but they work well for people who aren't in their room often. My mom book the executive queen suite which is spacious. It has 2 queen beds, 2 televisions, a sleeper sofa, and a large bathroom. It easily fits the three of us that are sharing the room. She said that she would consider staying at MGM Grand again now that she knows the rooms are nice.
5	We just left the MGM after enjoying 3 great nights! This was our first time staying here and we were pleasantly surprised! Usually when we come to Vegas we stay at Caesars properties but wanting to try something different I booked through MLife. We got such a great rate on our grand king room. When we checked in I asked if we could have a higher floor and the fd agent was more than accommodating. He got us a room on the 27th floor which was perfect! The room was clean and the bed was so comfortable! We never had any issues with extra charges and they even waived the late check out fee for us! It is a little far from where we're use to stay on the strip but the monorail is super easy and not pricey. Can't wait to stay here again!
4	Stayed at the MGM Grand this June for the Beyonce concert!First of all, it is so convenient that they allow you to check in at the terminal in the airport. If you mistakenly wait until you arrive at the hotel to check in, you will understand why. I even left a tip. PLEASE do yourself a favor and check in at the airport.I had to wait a bit to check in to my room because my room was not available until about 3:30pm. I wasn't very happy about it, but they did me a huge favor and brought a mini fridge to my room for free as a nice gesture (the room did not come with one).The resort is huge, and although I could have passed the time walking through the mall, I didn't want to carry my luggage around with me because it was heavy. In the meantime, by friend and I went to eat in the Rainforest Cafe. Came back, checked in to our room, and all was well. I would like to assume most rooms have really good views, and they are pretty spacious. Another poster said that she could smell/hear the people near here, I did not have that experience. I actually didn't hear anything from those near me and they must not have carried about my best friend and I having late night laughing sessions after getting in from the club at 4am.The lazy river was really amazing! There is a good mix of people- older people who are spending money frivolously and younger people who are ready to party. Bieber was performing at the arena the day I arrived, so of course there were a few teenagers but apparently that is not the norm. The small of the lobby is not of hydrangeas and vanilla or anything, but it's not terrible.  It was my first time in Vegas and the MGM definitely left a great impression.
4	THANK GOD FOR THE BLACKOUT SHADES! :)Really enjoyed staying at MGM! Went with the boyfriend during the week.. got a great deal on Expedia--only $5 more per night for the Grand King over the Petite King... definitely get the Grand King room if you get a similar deal.. totally worth it. Pros:- Push a button on the wall and blackout shades come down over the window. Amazing. Felt like a rich person for sure. And made sleeping in 293472398 times better. - Very spacious room, really comfortable bed- Updated and chic decor- Gorgeous bathroom, huge mirror that lit up, spacious shower/tub- Nice big flat screen with plenty of channels- Although the hallway seemed noisy, couldn't hear any noise from inside our room- Easiest check out ever!!  Go down to the lobby, fill out a card with your name and room number, drop it in a box, and you're done. I hear they have an app you can download so you can check out on your phone as well. No waiting in lines!Cons:- Had to do A LOT of walking...took a long time to get from the parking garage to the lobby, then to get to the room, and once you get in the casino it seems like it takes forever to get anywhere. The place is HUGE. - Even though it was a Wednesday, had to wait a little while at check in. - There is free Wifi however they don't tell you it's only free for 2 hours. Honestly can't think of many things I didn't like about this hotel... We had a great stay and will definitely be going back!
4	I stayed at the MGM Grand from September 27 - October 2 with my husband. My husband was in town for a conference which was being held at the MGM Conference Center, so that is why we stayed here. We stayed in a standard room with two queen beds (we had friends who came up for a night) that was more than adequately sized. The bathroom is pretty average for a hotel - I must prefer the bathrooms at Aria and Palazzo.The hotel is still a maze to get around and you will walk...a lot! The trek from the room elevators to the conference center is long; the walk from the elevators to the pool is long; and the walk to the sports book (especially if you are going from the pool) is long. But it's a good chance to work off all the food and booze! The MGM pool complex remains one of my favorite pool areas in Vegas, even if cocktail service is sporadic and slow. At the end of September at 10:30 am it was not hard for me to snag a chair mere steps from the pool. We did not dine at any of the MGM restaurants, but we did have drinks more than once at Whiskey Down (I had several very friendly waitresses there), watched Sunday football at Centrifuge (buckets of beer for $25 and much more comfy than the sports book), and watched several sporting events at the sports book (again I had several nice waitresses there). Taxi lines were non-existent so you walked out the door and into a cab. Plus getting to and from the airport is super easy and around $10-13 depending on traffic. As a tip, if you are heading out to walk the Strip or just want to buy cheap beer without paying $8+ for it or gambling, walk to the sports book, make a right, and go out the doors in that area. There is a convenience store when you walk out where you can get $3.50 24 oz cans of beer to take with you while walking. Also it's a good shortcut to get directly onto the Strip.
1	Let me start by saying the new "Stay Well" rooms are FAB-U-LOUS. I have never, ever, experienced rooms that actually made me feel refreshed & energized after a night of eating, drinking, inhaling other people's smoke and more drinking. Whatever they have put in these rooms is spectacular. HOWEVER, this review is about the "service" they offer......I should say TOTAL LACK of service. The worst perptrators were housekeeping. What kind of morons do they hire that can't read a DO NOT DISTURB sign on your door??!!  TWICE I was woke up by some idiot knocking and COMING IN my room.....WHY the F**K do you have these signs if NO ONE is going to abide by them???  Now, we move the spa. They fraudently charged my credit card for services I did not have......never told me they did this.....NEVER apologized...EVER...and even though they reversed the charges, they froze my account for 2 days until those charges came off. And by froze I mean, for that dollar amount...so I was not able to have access to that much money on my card because of them.  The cherry on the cake of this was when I called to speak to a manager, as I was being put on hold a gal there loudly stated "what a b**ch".  Again, no apologies.So.....I'd recommend the Venetian. Stellar service, comfy rooms, spacious and since they are all suites, you NEVER hear the drunks roaming the halls or your neighbors.
5	Time to update my review.  I'm upgrading this place to 5 Stars because of the following reasons:+ Despite being 20 yrs old, this resort/casino is always changing and building new concepts to keep fresh and maintain their lead in the market.+ They built the most expensive, best nightclub in the world in Hakkasan.  Not only did they build it, they also signed some of the top DJ's in the world to exclusive contracts to play in Vegas.+ Their Wet Republic pool parties are one of the best in Vegas.  We look forward to every pool season.These new points are in addition to the points in my prior review.  Whenever we come back to Vegas, this place is on our list to visit.Return Factor - 100%
4	Like always I am glad to try out new hotels while taking my every 6 months trip to Vegas. And I was very impressed with this tourist trap hotel. The rooms were much bigger than ones I have stayed at in the same area. With a ton of gaming machines I don't find everywhere. I would definitely stay at this place again if were an option.
3	More like 3.5 stars.  Would I stay here again.  Absolutely.My husband and I are not Vegas veterans.  Last weekend was our second trip and the second in 5 months.  Previously, we stayed at the MGM Signature and thus spent a lot of time in the MGM proper (casino, restaurants).  We enjoyed the atmosphere, so when we booked for Jimmy Buffett we agreed the MGM Grand would be our home for a few days.We checked in around 4 pm Friday, met by a very nice desk clerk who honored my request for a Grand King with a Strip view with first a "I don't think we have any available" to a sudden miraculous "I found one for you."  Awesome, appreciated!  And the room on the 15th floor did indeed have a lovely view.BUT, housekeeping is why I dock this sucker 1.5 stars.We entered said room, to the strong odor of marijuana.  And although the bed was made (albeit some hairs on the sheets that showed), there was quite a bit of trash laying around.  The room hadn't been completely cleaned.  Which gives one a creepy feeling.  A call to the front desk promised that housekeeping would arrive, and while we were at dinner the room was cleaned to sparkliness.  But still.  No good.Then the next day:- A room service cart (a very large one) with old food and junk was left in our hall near our room all day.  It was still there at nearly midnight that evening.  Gross.- We returned to our room Saturday afternoon to see it had been cleaned, EXCEPT for two dirty glasses.  They had also taken a half consumed liter of pop we purposely put in the garbage can for disposal OUT of the can and left it on our counter.  WTF?-- The lady who restocked our mini bar, after hearing our complaint about the unclean check in, blamed it on the front desk.  Not sure who is wrong.Final point: No coffee makers in the room??  WTF???Still like the place a lot for a mid price Strip hotel, but housekeeping appears to drag them down.
3	This place is HUGE. I am pretty sure it's the biggest hotel/casino on the strip(Or maybe I am making that up. WHO KNOWS). I stayed at the Signature at the MGM, which was a fantastic hotel, and it was linked to the MGM, so I spent a lot of time here at the pools, restaurants, casino, etc. The hotel is pretty basic, but because it's so huge has a lot to offer. -MGM Garden Arena-Ka by Cirque du Soleil-Hakkasan- club that always has a huge line, and pulls in big name DJ's like Calvin Harris(who I have actually heard of)Great restaurants, including where I dined Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak, which is fantastic. This place really has a lot to offer, I just wasn't feeling it. I did like the fact that there were a few quick-service type food places open late, and the casino floor has a 24-hour Starbucks. . The Pool area, with the Lazy River was huge, and pretty awesome. Lots of bars, food, etc available there. The shopping isn't great though, and none of the shows really appealed to me, and the casino, while huge, wasn't really that memorable. All in all though, I wouldn't go out of my way to go to MGM Grand unless you want to check out the restaurants or shows. The MGM Grand does have a lot of great shows, and there are a lot of fantastic restaurants.
5	Ok, so this became my new favorite hotel for many reasons! My first time staying here and in the past I had stayed at other hotels on the strip but my girlfriend and I decided to stay here and we were both impressed, pleased and happy with our stay.    We were here for 4 nights for the weekend and the things they have to offer just with that alone it beats other hotels. They have a whiskey bar , Hakkassan and wet republic so if you're looking to party it's a great hotel.   One of the days I stayed gambling in the lobby from 2am - 8am no issues or problems with anyone. This hotel has an older mature crowd I think.    We stayed in a King size bed room with a view and surprisingly the room was pretty big! The room over looked New York New York in front and off to the side the strip! So it was a pretty cool room and view. Room service was great we had a problem with our iron I called and asked for a different one within minutes they brought us a brand new one. When we were out they came and fixed the beds and threw out the trash no issues/problems
5	Just came back from an amazing experience at the MGM Grand! I'll start with a list of all the great things about my visit:+ I was there for 3 nights, from a Thursday-Sunday. I arrived 3 hours before check-in time and my room was ready! + We had another friend staying with us that had booked a lower grade room (the West Wing King), that wanted to stay on my floor (in the Grand tower). Our check-in agent was SO nice, and not only upgraded her room type for her whole stay, but also got us adjoining/connecting rooms! + The room was very clean and nicely appointed. I highly recommend the Grand tower!! The beds were comfy, the shades are automatic and have different options (blackout was perf for sleeping!) and sheer if you want to let only a little bit of light in. The showerhead was a big "rainfall" style. Walls seemed thick enough, as we couldn't hear anything between rooms.+ OMG... don't even get me started on the pool & the lazy river! Definitely plan to spend a full day here. It's such a blast. We rented a daybed (highly recommended) for a $100 food and beverage minimum. You can comfortably fit 4 adults on it if they're laying down on it, but 3-4 more could fit if you make the space. **INSIDER TIP: You can bring OUTSIDE food & beverage into the pool! We brought down all kinds of snacks, and some drinks (but drinks have to be brought in plastic containers - no glass or cans, and a max. of 2 drinks per person).+ Fat Tuesdays (!!!!!)There are many places in the hotel that serve up frozen drinks, but Fat Tuesdays is the best. Most of their drinks have a rum base, and you can add an extra test-tube shot in your drink for only $1! These drinks were perfectly blended and tasted great. We went to the other frozen drink place close to the pool area, and my drink tasted watery and chunks of it would get stuck in my straw. This didn't happen at FTs. I recommend blending the Electric Lemonade and the Strawberry flavors :)+ The salon/spa was fantastic. My bestie was getting married and they did her hair, airbrush makeup, and nails, and it all came out fabulous. The airbrush makeup really did have an airbrush effect - it looked flawless! The only thing I didn't care for was the prices! She paid a LOT of money to get all that done! But well worth the splurge for a special occasion!+ Whiskey Downs was an awesome, chill lounge/bar. I went there around 1-3am after Hakkasan and dug the drinks (they have a delicious one called Walk on the Wild Side that has rock candy syrup, whiskey, lemon, and ginger beer, with raspberries)+ Hakkasan was O-K. It was one of my few disappointments. The club itself has ridiculous energy and great music, but they crammed way too many people in there for Tiesto. I had no personal space at all on the dance floor - we were all sandwiched in there and people were spilling drinks and pushing into us all night. I could only take so much of it. XS is a much better nightclub experience if you don't have a VIP area.+ I didn't eat in any of the restaurants on this particular visit, but I have been to Pearl and Fiamma Trattoria a few years ago and both were excellent.
4	My girlfriends and I stayed at the MGM Grand - a double queen room, with a sizable bathroom. I've stayed here before, once for my 21st birthday when it was being renovated, and in the Signature Suites in 2011. The latter and this present time were crowded, but the room fit five women with suitcases and lots of hair. The second part of our group stayed higher up, in the 20s, though they had a view of the strip and only three women with lots of hair. Sleeping arrangements were determined prior hand, and though Ms. Bonilla may have been disappointing there was not cuddling, the room did what it was supposed to in Las Vegas - shut out the light and let us sleep. I don't always expect the world from a hotel - I want clean white sheets (who doesn't?), clean towels, a working flat screen, and to be left alone. Everything else I can either find or bring myself - and in Las Vegas, you can do both, depending on your desires. Literally. The hotel is large, at one end of the Strip, so you have to walk a lot to get anywhere else, but again - know this prior, and you'll be happily drinking (and eating if that's your thing) to your heart's content. I was. And then I went upstairs to my room, and slept it off. Or go to the pool. That one is amazing, and one of the best on the Strip.
5	I absolutely love the MGM Grand. I first stayed here when I was 16 (my aunt got married so the family flew down), and she had a unbelievably gorgeous 2-story suite! Vegas isn't really a destination for family vacations but the MGM has a Lion display and is in close proximity to other hotels with activites like rollers coasters, arcades etc. so I had a great time. The second time I stayed at MGM Grand was in 2008 for my honeymoon. We were a young couple on a budget and got a standard room and it was beautiful, modern, and clean. My favorite part about this stay was the pool area. It was beautiful and tropical, with multiple pools and a lazy river. There were many secluded spots to put down a lounge chair and find your own little piece of heaven. LOVED it. If I remember correctly I think the lazy river also had an area that went by a "waterfall" it was so pretty! I don't really gamble so I can't speak much to the casino. But I do love the location of the hotel. It's near New York New York, Excalibur, Luxor, Tropicana....lots of options for casino hopping. I want to try other Vegas hotels but I can't say a single bad thing about MGM Grand. It's a safe bet you'll have an amazing experience there.
3	Beautiful Casino. Wait staff was kind of rude.
5	This is our go-to hotel when in Vegas. The rooms are an excellent size, the beds are comfortable, the buffet is delicious, and KA is fantastic.
4	This was our first time here in Vegas so we decided to stay at the MGM as I heard it was in the middle of the strip.  Well its not but it wasn't too far from other hotels/casinos.  We walked in and I agree with the other reviews that there is an the old lady perfume smell in the hotel but it wasn't overbearing.  We checked in pretty quick and were able to get an upgrade to our room.  We stayed in the main hotel which was nice.  The room was really big and clean.  We had a nice view of Las Vegas including the mountains.  This hotel is very HUGE so ask questions if you can not find anything as the staff here are very helpful.  There were a few Starbucks in this hotel which was a score as there is not a coffee maker in the room!  The resort fees gave you access to their gym which is only the "cardio room".  In order to use the other gym you have to pay $10/day.  We also saw KA in this hotel.  MGM had everything we needed.  We enjoyed our time  here.  This hotel does get really busy.
4	The pool is great and clean. Staff is awesome...Halls are long. Saw someone passed out in their own puke
4	I like this hotel a lot! Way better than what I've experienced at my last two visits to Vegas! This was no Treasure Island or Monte Carlo! MGM has gotten a serious makeover! When you see MGM on the strip it looks old-iish, but because it is black and has the green lights with a lion statue, it doesn't look TOO  bad. When you enter the lobby it really is grand! The lobby has an old look to it and so does the elevators going up to the floors... but once you hit your floor and your room, the look is totally revamped and modern. We got a room with a king sized bed and wow that bed was SUPER comfy. I could lay in it all day! The cool thing about their bed was that the light switch was on the headboard! The room was a little too dim though...maybe because we got a king sized bed so they were trying to promote intimacy? Anyway, I loved the shower. It was so spacious and clean! I  hate the bathrooms with the tubs...This one had glass doors (but obviously it isn't transparant to the point where you could see right through it). I really enjoyed my stay here! Had just a comfortable stay here. The only bad thing about it is that there are so many wings and our room ended up being a little bit of a walk from the elevator. Hakkasan is just right there if you want to go there to club too!
3	The hotel overall is great with all the stores they have the lazy river pool, but the rooms definitely need an upgrade. It felt very modern and out of place. I didn't like the room settings at all. And it also took a million years to walk down the aisle to get to your room. It looks like theres a mirror at the end of the aisle but it just actually keeps going and going until you finally reach your room like 3 miles later. Other than that I like the overall hotel.
4	I was pretty please with my stay. I stayed for 5 nights in the Grand Tower, 11th floor. I had read the reviews prior to going and knew I was going to be in for a smell when we entered the lobby and that would be correct. There is a slight smell of perfume, and not the good kind. The 1st night it really bothered me but each day it got better and the last 3 days I didn't notice it. The room was great. I had a double bed room and it was pretty large and very updated. The blackout shades worked wonders. I kept thinking it was 3 am when it was 9am. The bathroom was perfect, lower the shower. I only ate here a few times. Project Pie was fantastic, and a few places in the food court, meh, but good enough for a late night snack. I was not a fan of the yogurt place. I did see David Copperfield and he was great. My bf got choosen to help in an act on stage and that was amazing. There is a lot of walking and it takes at least 10 minutes to get from your room to outside. I looked at the pools and was really excited they had a lazy river but sadly it was closed for the season so I didn't do any swimming.
2	I gave this hotel 2 stars but I'm not sure why. The room has a nice blind. That's probably what rises it from the one star i really think this place should get. I'm not a real fan of vegas, but I've stayed at places far nicer than this. For most meals i went across the street to New York because all there is here are either hugely overpriced places or macdonalds and nothing in between. Nothing at all if you like to, ahem, eat healthy food which doesn't seem like most people in vegas want to do I suppose.  Lousy music follows you everywhere. The cardio room was HOT - must have been 85-90 degrees in there - not good - equipment was OK but they could use a few more ellipticals. If you're into treadmill you're in luck, but only if you like to do your cardio in a sauna.  The room itself was small, noisy (bring your earplugs), housekeeping did not pay attention to do not disturb (wellness check? Have you thought of using the phone?), no fridge - just a mini bar that they have no problem telling you they will CHARGE you if you put your own stuff in there. No Coffee machine - that just makes me grumpy in the morning. Lines at check in were long, long, long, Why do people put up with this? I don't know, maybe it's just Vegas, but this place seems even worse than most. Not recommended.
5	This property offers so much given their rates. There are many restaurants, and the rooms are well appointed. Even though it is not in the center of the strip, the walk even as far as Caesars Palace or The Venetian doesn't seem too bad, and this hotel has a monorail stop too. I've stayed here many times, and find it better than Paris, TI, and Bally's among the strip hotels.
4	I came here cause i wanted to see and take a pic of the Hakkasan sign i love that symbol. I didn't go inside but i glanced at the menu ok too rich for my blood but I would go if I'm with the right person :) I also walked around and it has changed since the last time i visited which was 15 years plus too like a lot of the older hotels on the strip. Probably will be back in the future. I would stay here if i could.
3	Probably it was our bad for not trying the check-in trick this time. We got the basic room, which was far from elevator and had no tub. That's not what people expect for a Vegas experience, and MGM should know that instead of maximizing profit margin.
3	This hotel is just okay. They are doing construction in the middle of the casino and they must have hit a sewer line because it literally stinks in the casino. I stayed for a business convention and it was convenient to local transit, all the food I ate was good though sometimes not even warm. If you list that every room has a hair dryer it should be in the room and I shouldn't have to call for it. Everyone who works here seems fake, I got called by housekeeping 2 hours after the hair dryer request to confirm it was delivered. Overkill and the time delay reads as stupid and phony.  I wouldn't use my own money to stay here, but since the company paid it was okay.
3	Stayed here for spring break years ago. I love the resort. This place is huge. I used to always come here for fat Tuesdays to get drinks and to check out the lions habitat. Too bad its gone now. The hotel rooms where a little above average. The signature is much better. Of coarse the price is a little more there also. This is a great location though. I like there is also a lot to do in this casino. Its huge.
5	I've been to Vegas a few times, my girlfriend & I decided to take a last minute trip on Halloween to see what it was like, and I can honestly say the MGM staff and stay was the best experience we've had there. They were very welcoming, and polite. Our plane was scheduled to land hours before check in' & the lady at the front desk took care of us beyond our expectations. Definitely recommend this hotel & will stay here again!
5	I really really enjoyed this hotel. Although it is at the beginning of the strip and a bit far, I had a nice stay. Bf and I got a 6 night stay in the awesome Stay Well Room for about $1000 (that's with fees & taxes, after we got the deposit back) which was a deal!PROS~ Not that big compared to Caesars or Cosmo, which I appreciated since I have a terrible sense of direction and I get lost easily~ Nice selection of restaurants from a casual Wolfgangs to L'Atelier by Joel Robuchon (I HIGHLY RECOMMEND)~ The Stay Well rooms have a separate room service menu with healthier selections ~ Hakkasan Nightclub is right downstairs and nothing is better than being shwasted and being able to go right upstairs to sleep. (Funny story: I was so drunk after Hakkasan, I fell flat on my face in front of 10 bouncers and then called my best friend back home hyperventilating-type crying my eyes out because I didn't know how to get to my hotel room.)~ 24 HOUR CUPCAKE SHOP... Yeah I know. I almost cried too. ~ Everything is organized. All the food is in one place. Casino in another. Very helpful when you're not too familiar with the place~ Taxi line is super fastCONS~ The TV kept turning off randomly. And it would shut off for 2-10 mins at a time. What if I just wanna watch Food Network and eat my $80 room service food?! Ugh.~ Walls are thin. There was one morning where a maid was yelling down the hall at 6:00am. That has got to be the worst way to wake up. ~ The hallways are REALLY COLD. Like unnecessarily cold. It felt like it was 50 degrees. Every time I stepped out of the room I immediately started shivering. I definitely want to stay here again, and I hope they have their Stay Well room package available in June when I come back. It was totally worth the upgrade.
4	I've been holding off until I found some time to really do this review justice. This has been my fourth stay at the MGM Grand. Our first visit was in 1984 in the old MGM before the hotel burned to the ground. This was our third stay in the new MGM.When we first arrived, there was a very long wait at check in. I mean, really long. Reading other reviews, this seems to be an ongoing problem they need to work on. Once we reached the front of the line, the person attending us was very well trained. He apologized for the wait, and seemed to go to great lengths to find something to suit us. He found us a room, even though it was before check in time. He said he was trying to find something facing the strip - but we would have to wait. But, he had a suite available that overlooked the mountains. We wanted to check in, it sounded nice, so we checked in and took the room.And, I posted a couple of pictures of the room - it was very nice. There were electronic shades - both sun shades and room darkening. There was a large comfortable bed. There was a second room, a sitting room. The room had a nice sound system and flat screen TV. The view was nice - first the Hooters Casino, then the airport, then the mountains. Not exactly a gorgeous view, but it was certainly nice. Forgive me if I sound a little sarcastic, but as I reflect on all of this it seems that the excellent training received by the check in person was to help make people feel as if they were treated better because of the wait. The hotel and casino is enormous. Aside from the large rooms, the amenities are huge. It as too cold to go to the pool, but we did get a look at it, it looked wonderful. The casino is very large and well lit. There are lots and lots of slot machines. I was amazed at the amount of penny slots not just at this casino, but at all of the ones we visited. Tables were generally crowded, starting at $5 and going up. It was kind of fun watching the high rollers. But, I'm not much of a gambler, so I enjoyed people watching.And, what people watching there was - the weekend we went, the MGM hosted the UFC championships. There were so many people, so many different kinds of people. If you've never been to a UFC event, yes - there are lots of tattoos and lots of skin tight clothing. But, there is a huge variety of different types so you can't really stereotype here. The events themselves were really expensive, so we didn't go to any. But, from the folks we talked to, it seemed the fights were great.There are a number of places to eat in the MGM Grand, but most of the ones that are comfortable are typically very expensive ($$$$). We did enjoy several of the Starbucks in and around the MGM, and had one lunch at the Stage Deli (a counter with tables).We also got the chance to see Brad Garrett at Brad Garrett's Comedy Club in the "basement" of  the MGM Grand. The theater is really nice and the comedians that performed were great.The overall experience was great. The service was outstanding and the accommodations were A #1. We've been there four times. If I can stand to take the noise and craziness of Las Vegas again in the future, we'll be back for a 5th appearance at the MGM.
3	While the MGM has been recently renovated and updated, it isn't generally my go to hotel to stay at when I am in Vegas, but hey, who can pass up a good comp rate. That just means more money for gambling, shows, and drinking.This is one of the largest hotels on the Strip. Depending on how your night goes, it can be a long walk if  your room is far from the elevator. Some pros:+Restaurants- there is a nice selection of restaurants within the MGM. For a cheaper option, checkout the Planet Pie in the underground. +Gambling- Like all hotels on the strip, they have a casino. Their minimum to bet are on the cheaper side in the extremely late night/early morning, but aren't as high as what you would see at the Cosmo. If you are on the cheap side, just walk across the street to Hooters+Shows- The MGM is home to Ka. This is one of the better shows and very well done.+Monorail- The MGM is a stop on the Monorail. The entrance is located in the Underground.+Location to the  Airport- This is one of the fastest hotels to get to the airport from if you some how find yourself running late for your flight.+Rooms- They were updated within the last two years and the bedding is comfortable and the blackout curtains are awesome and work extremely well after a long night outCons:-Crowd: Since this is one of the larger hotels, there tend to be a lot of people. Expect there to be a long line at the checkout/check in counter.-Hotel Layout- It is on the larger side and depending on your room location, expect to have a nice walk**Tip- If you are arriving in LAS, check-in at the MGM office in Terminal 1 baggage claim area. This can save you a lot of time in the long run.
3	The hotel has been renovated and the rooms are nice and comfortable, the only issue I had was the shower, there was absolutely no water pressure whatsoever. It felt almost impossible to wash my hair! I had to wait forever for the water to rinse out all of the shampoo! Oh parking can also be a pain if there is a special event going on (valet parking becomes full, and self parking is a nightmare).
1	OMG I am really totally speechless! When you hear the word Vegas - the MGM Grand is what comes to mind as a hotel. Vegas, The strip - MGM Grand. At least in my world it did. I've been here before - I guess a decade ago because things sure have changed. I was so surprised at the rooms! I stayed on the 17th floor in the newely so called  remodeled grand king suite. Nothing Grand about this king suite! No plush soft towels, no his and hers bath robes, no microwave, and yes they have a frig oh my bad - they're so called mini bar. Quick story: So on top of the frig they tell you to call house keeping so that you can get the frig open and put your stuff in- you would think! Hell NO - housekeeping is not coming up to open the frig for you to put your stuff in - but they'll loan you a small frig for $24.00 a night for your stuff. FUCK YOU... really??? You're the MGM GRRANNNDDDD! You can't give your paying customers a freakin frig for their drinks, food, etc. Oh I'm sorry I'm suppose to go and use the ice machine to keep my shit cold. FUCK YOU! Other hotels - have a mini bar but allow you to use the same frig. Just know when you eat or drink something - you'll have to pay. Needless to say I was very disappointed. I took my boyfriend here for his birthday. The room was small. The pictures on the website kind of fool you which is why I go here on yelp to see THE REAL PHOTOS. The room sucked so much I didn't even really bother to take photos. It was a plane jane room Nothing fancy unless you like your room to glow like in ghost hunters. The walls are thin as hell. You can hear people outside the hallway and in their rooms. And the TV Channels suck. They list a show is on - when you turn to that channel something totally different is on. If you plan on being in your room some of the time - bring a portable cd player. Why pay $9.99 for old movie they feature??? The internet sucks - its a hit or miss. Just all together this place sucked. I really expected more. One good thing about this place I will say is - the bed is good and in order to pass up the long ass lines - sign up for that M-Life thing - it'll get you past alot of the long lines and crowds - especially during check in. That's it. I think if you want to stay at the MGM stay at the Signature hotel with the jacuzzi rooms. Will I be back to the MGM Grand again - NOPE - we're definitely going across the street to New York - New York. The crowd was livelier and there was soooo much stuff to do. I cannot wait until my next Las Vegas trip. The rainforest resturant - what a joke - what they charge you for the food you can get better elsewhere. $14 drinks - are you kidding. Fuck you again MGM. Yes you greased me really good with the vasaline this time - but never again... never again!!! Oh and the parking sucks too!
4	We loved this place. Great view fron the 21th floor. Big room, very clean. We went to David Copperfield show in this hotel, the show was amazing. Every services are very expensive, included the most expensive water bottle the intire trip.
4	MGM is a decent place to stay if you don't wanna break the bank and still have a good experience. Just avoid staying here if there's a fight that weekend because the rates skyrocket.The standard rooms are newly renovated and they're nice, but they are still kinda cramped. Glad they updated the furniture in the executive king suites. I've never stayed in the West Wing so I can't review on that part.The Marquee suite is cool, but it's the room with the double doors at the VERY end of the hallway which is a pain if you're in heels. Also, the room doesn't even come with a fridge which is strange considering there's a bar area. What I did like about the Marquee suite was that it's a fun space to entertain when you're pregaming. The dining table is perfect for a game of flip cup, the TVs have a connection for your mp3 device, and we even plugged in a Magic Mic for some karaokeing. I also liked that these rooms came with Blvgari bath amenities. I will never forget the memories from "Club" 28341 haha.The plus to staying here is that you can party extra hard at Hakkasan and then stumble on back to your room.Plan to do lots of walking inside this hotel. They have a check-in desk at the airport (LAS) which saves you a lot of time.
3	This behemoth of a hotel is nice, but starting to show her age. Valet is awkward. Everything is incredibly far apart. I mapped my walk from one end of the hall to the other, it was .3 miles and took 4 minutes at a very brisk pace! 15 minutes to get to the pool from my room, and over half a mile away. Main pool is closed for the season, but when you book your room, it is still being advertised as an amenity. While there is a pool available, it is so far away, and down so many corridors, you will give up before you get there. You have to 'run the gauntlet' through shops. There is no logical layout. No sense to this massive space. However, it is quite clean. Courteous and friendly staff. Prompt service when we had an issue. Relatively affordable, and the best location in Las Vegas.
3	For a large hotel they do a good job to keep things moving.  It's expensive to stay here unless you get a really good deal for flight and hotel, which I did over the Thanksgiving 2013 holidays.  The place is fast paced and noisy.  Even early in the morning while trying to get Starbucks, the music is loudly jamming at near concert levels.  The staff were courteous and helpful.  Room service for one (1) pot of coffee -- that's it -- was $31.00  It's advertised less, but by the time they tack on fees, ouch!Lots of kids here in strollers.  Don't know why parents bring their young children to Vegas, but they do.  Be prepared to deal with the screaming and crying.
4	I chose to stay here as I had tickets for the JT 20/20 concert in the MGM's Garden Arena this past weekend (absolutely fabulous concert, by the way) . The arena is a great place for concerts; not a bad seat in the house. My initial impression of the hotel was that it was too big for my taste as I usually like smaller, boutique hotels. But I decided to stay there after having been to concert at the area earlier in the year and the convenience factor weighed heavily on my decision this time. Glad it did ! I was pleasantly surprised! The room, although small, was beautiful and utilized the space in an amazingly efficient way, making it very comfortable; contemporary and tasteful. Quiet. The pillow top bed, down comforter and down pillows made sleeping heavenly. The rates were very reasonable; look for their "specials"...well worth it. Large flat screen TV and nice big closet with a safe...the use of lots of mirrors made the room seem bigger than it was and well lit. There was even a small TV screen (what looked like a black 6 x 6 square as part of the mirror) that was awesome! I wondered what that tiny remote was for on the bathroom vanity shelf! How clever! The shower was huge and the fixtures beautifully contemporary and worked well; hot, hot, hot water! Perfect! The room was very clean (although the carpet did show some wear). Overall service by hotel employees was excellent. As for food, there were choices for everyone at every price (check out the food court if you are traveling with kids for lots of choices at reasonable prices). You didn't have to leave the hotel if you didn't want to. Everything was right there and the casino was lots of fun; even won a few bucks at the slots; very active and lots of people were winning. The airport shuttle was only $7, a bargain if you have ever taken a cab for the first time and got hit for $18 for the 5 minute trip! I loved the MGM Grand and will return again.  Great experience overall and highly recommend. MLife card for comps is great and can be used at other hotels in Vegas. Get one as soon as you arrive and start using it. Things add up fast.
4	One of my favorite vegas hotels. Great rooms, fun gambling and tasty restaurants!
4	This place looks like it has been renovated since the last time I have been here.  We got a deal for 2 nights free if we stay for 2 nights.  So 4 nights say for $210 is worth it in my book at the MGM Grand (resort fees and taxes not included yet).  Our hotel room was clean at all times and was quiet which is a plus.  Our view sucked but I honestly dont really care.  Towels and everything else was changed on a daily basis and bathroom clean.  Honestly, I had no harp about anything since we were rarely in our room other than to power nap (yes, i said nap we didnt really sleep too busy gambling and drinking).The casino was nice, not the prettiest place but I am not one to complain its good tables and you can win money, thats good enough for me.  The foot traffic is insane in this place and I am assuming its because of Hakkasan.  No harm no foul I love people watching while i gamble.  Will come back to this casino depending on the rates they offer.
4	The MGM Grand continues to change. When it first opened, I remember the big ol' open mouth lion head- so gold and so gaudy. It was really an eye sore. Rumor has it that they changed the lion head to the lion statue that is there today because of superstition/feng shui. A portion of the casino had this yellow brick road themed area where you could pretend to be apart of The Wizard of Oz. There was also a mini theme park that was suppose to rival Circus Circus, but obviously failed since it's no longer there. Now?Concerts, fight nights, fancy restaurants. When I stayed here last, they were getting ready to introduce the renovated rooms. A couple sections of the hotel were already completed, but the boo and I ended up in the older wing. Regardless of that, I feel like their beds are comfy enough and you're in a high traffic part of the strip where you can take those sky bridges from place to place. Their Super Bowl parties are a lot of fun too! It's just a matter of securing one of those invites ;)
4	Personally I do really like the MGM Grand, it's a really nice hotel in a super convenient part of the strip, and anytime I've stayed here the rooms have always been great, both clean and spacious.  As a big aviation fanatic, my favorite rooms are the ones that overlook the airport.  Weird as that might sound I actually find it relaxing to watch that the odd times I'm in my room and it's a nice respite from views of the strip, or worse, the dreaded "no view of anything much" which is common with many of the strip hotels and which cause you to just keep the curtains shut all the time.Eating options are also great here, I especially like the Japanese restaurant (Shibuya I think it's called) and there's a Chinese place too.  Both are good quality and about $50-60 for a meal.  There's also an okay food court, good for an emergency.This has a good casino too, but if you're playing tables there are cheaper options for most games, (e.g. head over to Excalibur or New York New York) which are just a few minutes walk.  In fact the location of this hotel is great because you can get to many of the other major hotels on the strip real quickly which opens up a whole new world of options for anything.For conventions, this hotel really is the greatest - they have some phenomenal huge conference facilities, and the exercise getting from your room to them will help you offset the calories you consume on these trips!However, because of the fact I've only really stayed at the MGM for business, I just cannot do it for pleasure - I have a stressful job and I have to disconnect, thus I might stop by for a quick visit during a leisure visit to Vegas (as I did just recently) but that's it - but don't let that put you off.  I think that's more just my need to separate work and leisure kicking in, it's a decent hotel no matter how you look at it.
1	We made our way over to check out the MGM last week on our trip to Vegas. To our disappointment the whole place smells like disgusting carpet cleaner. The smell was so bad we had to leave and the smell stays in your nose for a good 30 minutes after you leave. I would not recommend going if you have a sensitive nose.
2	Rooms are clean, updated and a decent size for the price. MGM was a nice place to stay but it seemed as though everywhere we wanted to go we needed a taxi and not a walkable distance especially in the rain. This was my first time in Vegas and I thought everything would be more gaudy and fabulous. Like I said, MGM is nice but next time I would like to be right in the middle of the strip.My one complaint is Sunday morning around 7:00AM, the hotel service knocked on our door to make sure we would be out before checkout. We were all well aware of what time checkout was and waking you up at that time on a Sunday in Vegas is a killer! Highly disappointed.
3	I dont know what they are pumping through their HVAC system, but it is awful. It smells like they are using perfume to cover up the smoke smell and it is just making it worse. Thankfully I am not staying there overnight and I dont think I ever will now.
2	Wow this place is humongous.  It's iconic.  You really can't miss the large green hotel and the large MGM Lion.  The location is on the corner with 3 other large and iconic casinos as well: Tropicana, Excalibur and NY NY.  And I don't like it.  It's sterile.  Big is not always better.  You have to walk miles just to get around here, and that's just inside.  A nice shopping complex is here, but doesn't compare to the Caesars Forum and the Venetian Grand Canal Shoppes.  Your hotel room, all towers are a million miles from the casino.  It's a shorter walk to California than it is to your room.  The large lobby is impersonal and crowded always moving slowly.  The car valet is among the slowest in Vegas.  The casino rewards programs, linked to many great Vegas casinos doesn't seem to reward you.  It's just like their slot machines; they think your money.  The only nice walking distance casino is NY NY, so even if it seems there is a lot to do, there really isn't.  Stay mid strip where there is more action and more choices of gambling and activities.
2	Arrival- 2 people working to check people in. Line of 40-50 people waiting to check in. Thankfully 3 more people came over after 15 minutes to assist. Only took 45 minutes to check in. Room- okay. They put on the  review that the room has a TV in the bathroom mirror. Horrible picture, barely works. Went to turn on the TV in the room; no reception. Call in to maintiance, said the guy would be up soon. They call in 25 minutes, say they will be up in 15. Call again in 15, ask if they still need to come tonight since it's late. Arrive about 15 minutes later, fixed in 2 minutes.Go to use the bathroom and upon trying to flush- nothing happens. It's past midnight now. I'm calling in the morning. After waking up, I call. They send someone up. We leave to go see some sights and are gone most of the day. Upon returning, the toilet works, But, every five minutes it's refilling with water. Recall maintiance, they come to fix it. Boom, guy comes in 5 minutes, fixed. 10 minutes later, same problem. Recall maintiance, person on the phone pretty much asks if I'm lying. They come back out- oh, still a problem. This time he really fixes it.Next morning, wake up to whole room smelling like smoke. Vent is shooting in smoke smelling air. Ugh, this was why our weekend in Vegas sucked. Thanks MGM!!!The only reason for two stars: good restaurants and quick service.
4	One of my favorite places to stay in Vegas; you can't go wrong with the MGM.
3	Thank you MyVegas for another comp night at a MGM hotel!I have gambled away hundreds of dollars at MGM Grand but have never stayed. We thought we'd give it a try since the poker room was one of the best (was...not in its current state.)It was easy to check in and I actually got a room around noon instead of waiting until 3pm. I'm not sure if that had anything to do with which room we got but it was in the North Tower. Albeit it was modern, looked completely new/renovated, but it was small and far from the main elevators. The way the bathroom was laid out, made me feel like I was on a cruise or airplane. The bed was comfy but the way the TV was positioned with the porthole they called a window, really made me think I was on a ship.Overall, the stay was okay and I may consider coming back once they finish refining the lobby/gambling area. Otherwise I'll stay closer to the center of the strip.
4	I thought it was rather appropriate to stay here during my visit for the Justin Timberlake World Tour that was in the Garden Area. Since my last visit to the hotel (6 years ago), I noticed that the renovations has assisted in making the MGM a "better" hotel to stay in. I booked a standard room and enjoyed the newly updated furnishings quite a bit. There is more feminine vibe with the use of fuchsia, maroon, and floral prints. I especially enjoyed the fact that the TV now a plasma. Before, the TV unit was hidden inside a large armoire. Although the MGM Grand is located towards the end of the Strip, the pricing for the hotel rooms are always the best and never breaks my budget. Self parking for the MGM does suck.
2	To MGM's credit, they have been doing a lot of work keeping their rooms and guest areas up to date. I've stayed here three times over the past two years or so and things are always changing and getting updated.So why did I downgrade MGM to two stars? Awful customer service! I left some clothes in the dresser and called customer service about getting them back. I was on hold for over twenty minutes only to be transferred to lost and found (I couldn't find a number for lost and found on their website). After waiting again for someone from lost and found to help me, I was told to go online and fill out a form and they would get back to me with a shipping quote. A quote! Wtf!? I left stuff at Ballys a long time ago and they sent it to me for FREE! Well, the quote was $16.95 which I thought was pretty outrageous for a sweater and a t shirt, but I paid it because I love that sweater. I'm just really annoyed because in addition to my clothes, my players club card was in the pocket and they could easily have seen how much money I've given to them over the years!! Bye bye MGM, I'll be staying down the street at the Wynn from now on.
4	They have the best rooms for large groups of people 2 king beds a large couch that makes in to a queen bed and steel has room for a person to sleep on the other half of the couch. The bath room has two showers and two toilets so makes getting ready to go out much faster!  On the down side to get to the pool you need to walk a long way throughout the shopping mall they have so you fell out of place in you swimsuit. the parking is as fare as the could have possible put it from the rooms. It would be nice if they would think of handicap people It makes me fell like my back is going to go out trying to get to my car!
4	My trip to MGM for NYE was a tale of a bunch of mistakes, that ended up just fine.  We made reservations last July 2013 for NYE, and made resos for suites with another couple. They are "something" with mLife, so we got good rates, etc. We confirmed a few times, and when they arrived there were no suites. WTF?  Apparently bigger "whales" sucked them all up. They worked for 2-3 hours to finally get one, we ended up with a standard Exec Queen Room. We looked at the rate, and realized something was wrong. They had denied us the suite, then charged us for the suite. I went to the front desk to voice my concern (nicely) and they did correct it and gave me the correct rate, and comp'd the resort fee as well. Overall, a nice hotel. The suite was great. Our standard room was nice. Rest of hotel quite good considering all the abuse this place takes.
2	So, funny story... Me and my then boyfriend (soon-to-be fiance since he proposed on that trip, now my husband), went to Vegas and stayed at MGM for our 5 year dating anniversary. We checked in, and headed up to our room in the "west wing" section. We're super excited, luggage in hand, unlock the door- and there's a woman laying on our bed! Umm, WTF?! She's as surprised as we are... Apparently her husband was down at concierge changing their room since they didn't want to be close to the elevator. Either way, it was shocking to say the least! I'm not quite sure how they managed that to screw that up? She left immediately and we just kept the room since we were exhausted. Later on that night we realize why it's so terrible to have a room by the elevator. Every time it's used you hear a loud DING "GOING DOWN." So obnoxious! Especially at 3am! The plus side was that we received a special "gift" of chocolate covered strawberries and champagne- that was actually intended for the people who originally had the room! At that point we didn't feel like saying anything since we had no idea who or where they were, and frankly, we deserved it! The hotel is nothing special. Rooms are meh and the west wing is super dark. It's reasonably priced and has some good restaurants. I'm not a fan of the lions there. Their habitat is depressing to say the least, and it made me feel bad for them. Nothing worth coming back for, but it has made for a funny story at least.
3	After going to Vegas so many times I finally decided to stay at MGM Grand for the first night of this trip. I can't say anything great about this hotel but I can't say anything terrible either.The check in process was long because of a problem with the computers. I got a comped buffet because of it at least.I had the Petite King room. It was small, even for only me. The sink was tiny and there was no bathtub. If you're staying at MGM with more than 1 person I recommend upgrading to a larger room.The location of the room was good. It was right near the elevator and had a decent view. The casino is huge. There's a lot to do in it.
4	The MGM Grand has gone through a nice renovation in their rooms, including the addition of Hakkasan restaurant and nightclub. I always wanted to stay here and I was not let down. It's so elegant... from the lobby to the building at night... a dark color with green highlights.Check in: It was around 2pm on a Friday and I waited about 25 min. to check in. There was a long line but it moved quickly. There is flavored water available, a lion statue as a centerpiece, a cool big screen promoting their weekend events and playing Tiesto music videos... to dance to while waiting in line, haha! To check out, you can do it through your phone, from booths set up in the lobby, or on your TV. So easy, even a lion can do it! :pRoom: I booked a Grand King Room but got hooked up with a great view of the strip in the Grand Tower wing! The room was nice and clean. Their front desk was excellent in answering their phone, I only had to wait between 30 sec. - 1 min. every time.  Hakkasan nightclub (Sunday): I came to see Tiesto on a Sunday/Industry Night. It's an awesome club, it fits MGM look and feel very well. I was able to enter the club around 11pm by having a presale ticket you buy offline. Tiesto went on at 1am and the dance floor was packed! There were many tables surrounding the dance floor. I believe they should limit a number of people in the dance floor, it was crazy, but it was awesome when Tiesto went on... 3 hour set!Traveling from MGM to other hotels?MGM has a Deuce bus stop right outside their front doors, and a tram in the back of the hotel. The Deuce bus travels along Las Vegas Blvd. all the way to Downtown Las Vegas. The Tram goes to Las Vegas Hilton, I believe. The Deuce is $8 for 24 hours (great!). Tram is $5 a single ride and $12 for the day. The upside about the tram is that there is no traffic as it's elevated in it's own lane. If you take the Deuce, you may have to deal with the Blvd's traffic.
4	Stayed here one Friday night, arrived around 12pm. We called early to see if our rooms would be ready since check in was at 3pm. They said there was no guarantee that the rooms would be clean upon our arrival, luckily they were. We had an ok view, it was blocked off by the main entrance to MGM but we could see the top of NY, NY. Since we were only there one night it didn't matter, but request a room higher up, we were on the 11th floor. The beds are so comfortable and the service is great, I called and asked for an extra blanket, it arrived less than 4 minutes later. We also received a call 10 minutes later making sure we had gotten the blanket. The rooms are spacious and very clean. Only complaint is no vent in the bathroom, this is such a pet peeve!  The MGM has a perfect location on the strip, we mainly hung out in NY, NY so it was nice not having to cross the actual street and just use the connecting bridge instead. The casino inside MGM is huge and nice. We didn't play there because the minimums were $20 or more. There is plenty of dining directly inside there as well so it really is a one stop shop. Another complaint is the "perfume" smell in the halls, I understand its purpose but MAN after only a few minutes I was in headache central. When we go back to Vegas we will definitely stay here again.Tip: Don't even touch or pick up the extra items in the room (alcohol, technology kits, water etc.) we simply picked them up to look at them and were charged for a bottle of vodka and a technology kit upon checking out. We explained that we only looked at them and nothing had been opened, they said that they go by sensors on the stands of these items; once they are removed you are charged for them. They removed the charges, but just an extra hassle you can skip when checking out.
1	The room was nothing like the pictures, checked out on Dec 18th, 2013, didn't get my $200 safety deposit returned until today, Jan 8th, 2014. I had to call MGM several times to get the error that they were having with the deposit fixed. They kept telling me that they had returned the money and to go check with the bank, but in the end, the issue was with MGM. If I had not noticed this error, MGM would have taken 200 from me without me knowing. Can't trust this hotel resort anymore, stay away. Go to Bellagio or The Venetian.
2	We stayed here for the NYE 2013/ 2014. When we walked into the room we found stains on the comforter and a dirty bathroom.  The day before we left no one came to clean our room.  When we came back we had to call twice and wait until close to midnight before someone came by.  The front desk was very unhelpful with the situation amd wanted to blame us for the mishap.  We will not be booking with the MGM again.
3	Nothing special has mid tier hotels go in Vegas. They do seem to have more food choices from the low end food court to the higher end steak houses.Rooms were big clean but the maid service were very cheap, if you have a partial bar of soap they will not leave a new one until it is all gone. We were there a week ran out of soap the last day.I am sure I lost enough at the table to buy a new bar of soap for my entire floor for a week
4	The MGM grand is a lovely hotel with a fantastic night life. I really love their Beachers Madhouse, it was definitely a high light, along with crush! They have so many places with in to eat, drink, and play! As far as rooms go, I loved my room. It was just a 1 bed, 1 bath but very nice and fairly priced. I enjoyed my stay there and the guest services were very accomedating.
3	dated, kind of shabby 70s feel in the non-remodeled portion of the hotel, nice soaps/lotion
3	Overall the MGM Grand Hotel was good hotel, with a nice spacious lobby, helpful check-in staff, and an overall fresh and modern feel to the hotel.  The rooms were comfortable and quiet, and the bathroom a fair size.  There were a few problems however.  1) The gym was NOT included in the (pricey) Resort Fee.  Hotel guests only have access to a "Cardio Room" with a limited selection of ordinary treadmills & elliptical riders.  2)  The cleaning staff missed our room one day.  We had to call Housekeeping to come clean our room one evening.  3) The WiFi could be spotty.  Oftentimes we had long waits for connections & downloads.  4) We visited on a weekend, when the hotel seemed packed (overrun?) with 20-something partyers.  Yelling, drinking & running around hallways and meeting areas until the wee hours of the morning were common.  Thank goodness the room walls were thick and sound-dampening.
5	I hated the exterior green of the hotel so I expected to be underwhelmed, but my wife booked it for us because it was a good deal. I was extremely pleased with this hotel. It was well designed to entertain you while you wait in the long lines to check in, and there are lots of elevators that only serve about 7 or so floors each so you can get to your room quickly. Once on your floor the wagon wheel design means that you don't have to walk a hundred miles and this design makes it very easy for you get where you need to down at the casino level.There was a good food court and easy access to the monorail which makes it easy to avoid renting a car or catching a cab to get around town - this is a huge value which can't be understated.We ate at Shibuya which was fantastic! Sure it was very expensive, but the quality matched the price (for Vegas) and the environment was WOW. Price was about $450 for 5 people, so bring a fat wallet.We saw Ka and really enjoyed it -  no complaints other than it was more than we paid for O which I thought was a better show. There also was a segment that was all video instead of people due to the accidental death of a member last year, so that was rather disappointing. Honestly I think they would have been better off just skipping that part rather than showing a video as I wouldn't have known I missed it and wouldn't have felt short changed. I understand why it wasn't real people and agree with their decision, but I'd say just fill the time doing something else less risky with real people and that would have been just as good. I think we paid about $350 for two people plus fees, but we had front and center seats on row P (which is is as close as I'd want to be for this show - don't get much closer)The rooms were very modern, super clean (way better than Bellagio and as good as Four Seasons). Loved the room and the well thought out bathroom. There's also very convenient access to charge your gadgets so I'd call this the best hotel room I've enjoyed in Vegas.We stayed on the 25th floor which had the downside of being behind the David Copperfield sign which meant there was this screen pattern which made it hard to enjoy the strip view that we paid extra for. Definitely ask to NOT be on these floors when you check in and all will be well. The food court was good and the Casino was excellent. Cigar smokers will enjoy the Davidoff store as well.Overall I'd highly recommend this hotel and I'd call it my favorite place I've stayed in Vegas.I think I paid $110/night plus a crapload of fees.
4	Old on the review but my hubby and I booked a  room for to celebrate our birthday. Loved it. Its pretty huge and you feel as if you're walking in a circle but your not because their are a lot of shops, restaurants and shows inside the hotel not to mention casinos. We wanted to eat at their Buffet but the line was way toooooo long so we decided to eat at the  Avenue Cafe  (inside the hotel as well). Very great on the food and customer service. But IF you're on a budget, they have McDonalds and other reasonable fast-food joints in the hotel, other hotels along the strip.ALSO, the drinks are awesome! Oh and the our room was nice & Clean.
1	I couldn't be more upset about the changes made to The Grand if I tried. The new "Smellovision"  hits you like a wall of Axe body commercials and never stops. I hid in our bathroom in the Grand Tower room, where even the ac was tainted and trying to kill me. Toxic chemicals give me migraines. We had to change hotels.
3	2014 YELP 100 CHALLENGE - 43/100Pretty decent hotel. The only time I've ever stayed here was when I was a child so I don't remember too much of it. LOCATION: More towards the south end of the strip, across the street from New York New York.EXTERIOR:Look for the big green building with the big lion in the front. The entryway/lobby/drop off/pick up area is actually not located directly on the strip, but rather around the corner along the cross street that runs perpendicular to the strip.INTERIOR:HUGE HUGE HUGE lobby. Much larger than a lot of the other hotels on the strip. It's pretty nice! They also have a pretty decent sized casino as well, and the theater where they host the KA Cirque du Soleil show is surprisingly ginormous. I was so surprised that that size of a theater was inside this hotel. SHOPPING:Unfortunately, the shops at this hotel are pretty crappy. Nothing interesting except for a bunch of souvenir shops, and places where you can get everything bad for you - alcohol and sweets.I feel like MGM used to be good, but with the addition of all of the newer hotels on the strip, it's losing its game. So unfortunate since MGM owns so many of the hotels on the strip!
2	No coffee maker or mini bar in room & an extra $25/day if I wanted one.  The place stunk (everywhere you went) of strong cheap musk cologne (nauseating).  Nothing to do really other than drink or gamble.  And an extra $134.00 exit/resort charge on my checkout.  There will be no return for me to this hotel.
3	This is the spot for young revelers looking for a well maintained but in-expensive stay on the Strip.Recently refurbished the giant lion bearing hotel is probably one of the most famous on the strip.The decor is simple and too fabulous but since its refurb it is more modern than some of the competitors. If your looking for something Basic and not fussed about having a central location then this is a good choice
2	The rooms are lavish and the service overall was super great. Everything was clean and kept well.  The hotel plays host to Hakasan (not sure on the spelling), which may be one of the best clubs in Vegas. Besides the front desk person "Arthur" from Glendale asking us for a $100 bribe for an upgrade and saying "that's how you get a upgrade in Vegas" it was a great experience.  I will never return to MGM, because customer service is that important to me. I'm sure it was a isolated incident but not the best way to start a trip. I would still recommend this place... Just make sure you keep a hundo handy for upgrates. ;-)
5	I had a wonderful time. The place was beautiful and the service was superior. Friendly atmosphere and professional staff. The prices are reasonable, yet you still get the full Vegas life experience. The food is excellent. It's an all in one package here at the MGM. You get it all.  I will definitely come back here.
4	Solid hotel.  The SkyLoft suites were pretty darn impressive.
4	We stayed here for a few nights and were pleased with the room overall. The bed was very comfortable and room was a good size. Nothing special but a perfectly okay hotel room which is all I need. There's no fridge in your room and don't commandeer the minibar or there's a $50 restocking fee. Also, they do offer free wifi included in your resort fee but it's spotty at best. The hotel is huge so you might need a Sherpa guide to find your way back to your room. As for the casino, it's not bad but is very oddly laid out and can be confusing and had to navigate. They do have a decent variety of table games and machines and okay drink service. For something different, find the old school jockey horse racing game in the corner of the casino near the buffet. This thing is cheap and fun but can get crowded. You bet a quarter on these mechanical horses that race around the track and they each have odds. No modern tickets here, you play with actual quarters. This place is huge and has an interesting variety of restaurants, bars, and quick eats including Whiskey Down which is a 24 hour whiskey bar, Pub 1842 which I enjoyed, and a food court with McDonald's, pizza, etc. The location is far on one end of the strip so it's a trek to the other end of the strip. It's definitely doable but know you're in for a bit of a haul. I prefer to be in the center of the strip so I'm central to everything but enjoyed staying here and will be back if I can get a good rate.
4	Hotel was great, especially for price. We stayed in a King Executive, gives you a little more room than a regular king. The bed was super comfy, loved the blackout curtains! The shower was super huge and had one of those rain shower heads on it. But here lies the problem as well. By the time we left I was bathing in bottled water because the water is so heavily chlorinated by skin was burning and I was getting red/purple patches all over myself. My husband started having the same issue right before we left, but I have super sensitive skin, so mine started after about the 4th shower I took. I looked like I had a chemical peel on my face every time I got out of the shower. I asked the front desk about this and the woman told me about the chlorination and that a lot of people visiting have that issue!!! Um, warn people then!!! I'd recommend this hotel to anyone who 1. doesnt have sensitive skin and 2. isnt staying for a full week. Restaurants inside are yummy, and close enough to walk to other great ones with ease as well. Even though its close to the end of the strip, you can walk all the way to the Wynn or the Sands Convention Center in a little under an hour. That's what we did everyday. after being on our feet all week for a convention and it was super easy.
1	As much as I liked the hotel, I did not like their professionalism . I left some items behind in the drawer and called them in half hour. They said there was nothing there!!!! I called them the day after and filed a claim but they told me, they haven't found anything. This is  ridiculous! I would have paid the mailing fee. Not professional.
4	One of the best features in the hotel rooms are the black out shades! OMG! Its crazy how good they work. If you are out all night and dont want to be waken up by the sun peaking through the crack in the curtains, you have to stay here! You will never know what time of day it is outside with the black out shades down. The beds are also very comfy, as well as the pillows. I hardly noticed my fiance moving around during the night. So its pretty easy to get a good nights sleep here. Another awesome bonus, walking in from the parking structure up to the lobby, you pass a Fat Tuesdays! Yum! Dont forget to keep your glass and save a couple bucks on refills!One drawback, the casino floor is very large so you can definitely get lost. But there are alot of employees around that are helpful. Overall, I cant wait to stay here again!
4	Alcohol - Yes, this is Las Vegas. If you are not drunk after being in Vegas for 2 hours you are doing something wrong. Plenty of bars in the MGM Grand including video poker bars where messing around with quarters will get you free drinks.Food - Some good restaurants in this hotel including places like Joel Roubechon and Hakkasan. Also has a food court if you are looking for fast food/cheap places.I really enjoy staying at the MGM, not only because they comp me, but the rooms have been updated. Even the regular rooms are nicely done with newish furnishings and are generally clean. The Staywell rooms are really nice and have the best showers in Vegas. Not because they have some crazy shower heads or they are huge or anything like that but because they have vitamin infused water. Not sure if it was a placebo affect or something but damn my skin felt nice after that shower.
4	This is a review for the MGM grand casino floor and main floor - since I didn't stay here. The casino floor is really big? Bigger than New York New York casino. There are lot more game tables and a lot more slots machines. Not sure if it got more crowded but was bigger. The sports book was a lot bigger and nicer than New York New York. There was also a night club at the MGM grand right across from the rain forest cafe. Which for people staying here and want to go clubbing is a great plus! It's one of the most coolest clubs in Vegas to check it out! Over all a great hotel, they also have AMAZING sky lofts here (that I researched about) which if you have an extra grand to spend - definitely stay there! Check this place out if you haven't already!
1	MGM GRAND! I'm very disappointed! I've had a really bad experience with you guys last summer!I've had already booked my room and it's paid for and everything, when i came to check in after a long eventful night they didn't let me check in! They said that all their rooms is booked! THAT IS NONSENSE! and even though i was willing to pay for the early check in fee, they keep telling us to come back until its check in time, every time we came back they still did not let us check in! Everyone keeps telling us the wrong time on purpose either because they don't want me and my bf to stay in their hotel so me and my bf have to sleep in our car! So they couldn't find the room that I booked so one girl that actually tried to help us out helped me charge my phone so i can show her the email confirmation, she was still giving us a hard time when i showed her the email confirmation! after awhile, she finally gave us a room with two bed that we don't even need, because she said that is the only room they have available and so i ended having to pay more that i shouldn't even have to!  I don't understand why me and my bf was being treated like this, wasting and giving us a hard time and not letting us book a room...after we just wanted to rest from a long eventful day, they were either being stereotyping or judging us because we saw another couple that came back from the same event as we did and they got a room just like that!  So we asked those couple how did they get a room...and they said that they just give us a room, now that totally pissed me off. What is wrong with you guys MGM? Is this how you guys treat your customers?? With that said, I don't think i will ever book a room with MGM GRAND again.
1	Don't book a suite here, unless you don't mind living in the streets of Vegas. Our group of 8 booked and paid for our suite months in advance for EDC weekend. After waiting days to check in, we were told that they didn't have a suite for us since they overbooked. We were PISSED. It's one of the busiest weeks in Vegas and now you expect us to successfully find another place to stay? They didn't even try to help us.After wasting the whole day sorting this out, we eventually ended up staying in separate rooms at a hotel elsewhere. We tried making the best out of the situation but not having our suite was definitely disappointing. I'm going to Vegas again next week and we booked the same suite at MGM (not my decision) so I'm praying we don't get eff'ed over again.
4	We got a great deal to stay in the MGM from Hotwire. It was 50 dollars a night with an amazing view of the strip. I could not believe how cheap the hotel was. The interior of the hotel was really beautiful. It was nice and clean it had a huge wall size window. The view of the strip was best seen at night. I did get annoyed of the green light. But it wasn't a big deal. i think I got use to it after the second night we stayed... They offered us 20 bucks off on the MGM buffet which was totally worth it because the food was pretty good. It was not the best buffet in Vegas but it was very good. The mimosas in the morning was a perfect hangover remedy. hahaI would definitely book MGM through Hotwire again. This place was exactly what I expected from a Vegas Hotel. Clean and Affordable and Great Location!
3	all ok if you like big hotels and get treated like cattle MGM is your hotelthis was  really the  only hotel that didn't stink that bad of tobacco smoke
2	need sooo much updating.  bad smells and dirty rooms.
4	Stayed for 2 nights in the worlds second largest hotel. We opted to stay in the executive king suite. It wasn't really much more than a standard room. It was great! We had a nice, very spacious room with a great view. I especially like the automatic blinds and decor. It was very clean and comfortable. They also have free internet, but at 1mb, it's a little slow at times. Enjoyed the room and the casino very much. We will be back!
2	Great atmosphere in Decores the restaurant beautiful carpet photos on the wall took a little bit longer than normal to get the food but it was fair I've had a lot better and a lot warmer food served you will have to wait in line for about 10 to 15 minutes to be seated it picks a little bit longer than normal to receive your food after you order it they do need to make some improvements on that also was a little bit cooler than I thought I like hot food maybe because it Sunday prices are a little bit more higher than normal I may try it again if I'm back at the hotel but I always stop at a different hotel every time I'm in.
3	The hotel) Medium sized rooms, clean, but average and definitely not spacious.Decor is somewhat ancient, as is the carpet and the paint on the walls of the corridors leading up to the room. Furniture is bare.The casino) Big casino with lots of restaurants, lots of show options, and lots of square footage. The lions are a sight to see. There are lots of gaming options and the pricing is moderate.The feel) Have had some rudeness from the employees, such as when I asked to see a seating chart before buying tickets.
1	This is hands down the most horrible casino I have ever stayed at. 2nd night we wake up to the ceiling dripping water and having hotel employees in and out of our room, early morning. 3rd. Night no running water at all in our room. So the toilet is full, no can wash there hands and no showers before we catch our flight. There is plenty if other casino's in Vegas, I will never use this one again.
5	First time in Vegas and decided to stay at MGM because a friend of mine suggested it. What a good choice. It's a perfect location because it's at the beginning of the strip so u could just walk up and down as opposed to starting in the middle of the strip. I had booked a regular room and upon check in the lady asked if we wanted to upgrade for $30 a night. I'm glad we did. The room was decently sized, and we had found out the room we originally booked was 100 square feet smaller! The overall room was nice though, clean, everything looked modern and new. Our view sucked though. Went to hakkasan on Friday night for calvin Harris and Sunday night for dada life. Would def recommend this club. Would def stay here again.
5	I stayed in September 2010. I have to say by far this is the best hotel I stayed at so far in Vegas.The location is more toward the South strip (by New York New York, Excalibur, Mandalay Bay) which is great because I find it to have more of a nightlife for the younger crowd. The hotel itself has amazing entertainment choices. I checked in at 2:30 in the morning and there were so many people enjoying the night at lounges and bars and restaurants. The staff was super friendly and nice. I got there and checked in within five minutes. He showed exactly where to go to get to the elevator and provided a map of the strip. Once I got there I headed downstairs to grab a bite. The front desk suggested Wolfgang Puck's Bar and Grill and I loved it. I had the calamari and a drink and the bartender was super nice and friendly. He knew what was good. The room itself was a bit smaller than what I expected but it was nice. I loved the hallway. You can't go wrong designing the hallway with marbles and granites. The bathroom was beautiful as well. Very simple but elegant. Will definitely stay here next time I am there.
4	I decided to give MGM another whirl after trying other hotels out on the strip. Although the MGM can sometimes be hit or miss, I will say that this time.. it was more of a hit. The check in routine here really lays the foundation of how poor or excellent your stay will be.. Our check-in went rather well for us this time around and the woman who helped was very efficient and made sure we had everything we needed. We had found a great deal through M LIfe and got a king suite for a great rate. Most likely because February 7-10 is somehwere in between holidays and not a whole lot going on. Anywho, the room was great,exactly what we had reserved. Not a bad view even from the 8th floor and the spa tub and shower were great. The room was truly an escape from the madness.. and we needed it after two nights of going hard at pub crawls, dinners and gambling.. ah what a life. Sheesh I sound like a prick. But in all seriousness, this hotel room suite was comfortable and big enough to host our party of 10 for pre-drinking.The casino and restaurants always come through at the MGM, and that is why, even after a bad experience here, I will still come back. Find the best and happiest check-in person upon arrival, and your stay will be fabulous here!
2	Stayed here for 2 weeks had a group of 20 staying here. I didn't like the place . Rooms where outdated . Casino was always busy and couldn't enjoy myself so spent the whole trip at other casinos
5	Being a Las Vegas native has it's ups for sure. We found out about the MGM "Stay Well" rooms and we are flabbergasted.  They are FANTASTIC!  Vitamin C infused shower water, therapy smells, and therapeutic sounds. This room is very clean, and the beds are super comfortable.  For a room this bad ass it was a great price! Even though we live here in Vegas we will DEFINITELY be back. :)
3	I've stayed here a couple of times for work, not very impressed.1. EVERY single time, the front desk staff were rude and made me feel uncomfortable. Complete 180 from my experience with the staff at MGM Signature. I remember one time when I was checking in with 2 other co workers (we had 3 rooms), the man helping us looked like we stole from him then beat up his wife or something. He was rude, impatient and unhappy about the fact that he had to do his job three times since there were three separate rooms..2. The rooms however always exceeded my expectation. The amenities are actually kind of nice and the rooms are spacious. 3. The hotel also smells terrible. Starting from the lobby all the way to the hallway of my hotel room, yuck.
4	Really enjoyed ourselves here. Love the little shops and the Lion fountain. We were staying just over the road at Excalibur. Went to see a show at Brad Garret's Comedy Club which is a really nice club, check the line up before heading in.Our gambling extravaganza, if you want to call it that, extended to one of the blackjack tables where we really enjoyed ourselves. We're not huge gamblers but it's Vegas and it's the MGM!
3	I don't gamble so I can't speak in that area. I haven't stayed the night or eaten in this hotel either, so i cannot comment there. I have seen KA here though (cirque du soleil) and i rather enjoyed that. Unfortunately the ending was garbage, but the rest of the show was great. Seems nice enough, A-OK for me
2	Hotel is mostly fine, its at the far end of the strip but has the monorail attached which is almost impossible to find.  I was certainly surprised by the secret extra fees!  I've been to Vegas many times and have stayed at many hotels, much nicer hotels, and have never experienced getting charged an extra $130 after my stay and after receiving a $0 balance bill at checkout.  We arrived early and were treated like we were special at check in even receiving a free early check in but no one told us about the extra $70/day we were about to be charged for "remodeled room, resort fee and taxes".  We never asked for or agreed to a "remodeled room" and if the room we stayed in was remodeled, I'd hate to see a room that wasn't.  I called and sat on hold for about 20 minutes until I finally spoke to a woman that was incredibly rude and condescending to me basically calling me stupid for thinking I could stay at the MGM without paying these fees.   I will never stay at the MGM or a sister hotel ever again and do not recommend it.  I've stayed at better hotels in Vegas and around the world for much less and no surprises!  Highly DO NOT recommend!
4	I have been staying at the MGM Grand for 20 years now and I'm a little mixed w feelings about this place. It started out best of the best but it slowly started making changes to their policies and procedures over the past 5 years. It's a big place w lots of amenities. The rooms are all updated and modernized. The restaurants are good but make a reservation. The casino floor is their best feature as it provides a fun and exciting atmosphere with lots of gambling options. Pools are great in the summer. Their VIP and players club MLife are typical, you have to be a big spender in order to get anything comped. They used to care about how long you have been a dedicated visitor but times have changed.
4	I stayed at the MGM recently and enjoyed the stay.  Jerry at the front desk was awesome and sorted out some difficulties.  He was very professional and considerate.Pluses:-Central location with easy access to the tram and the monorail.-Reasonably priced-Fabulous restaurants:      Shibuya, which is a wonderful Japanese restaurant, designed lovely with friendly, knowledgable staff.  Consistently delicious food.    Wolfgang Pucks for California cuisine in a comfortable setting.  Very polite, accommodating and courteous service.-Staff at the front desk (or at least Jerry!)-Staff in general seems to try to be helpful.-Slot machines-PoolsNegatives:-Terrible table crews at the craps table.  They appear very sour,  are not engaging and gossip amongst themselves while looking disdainfully at the customers.  They seem very burnt out on their jobs and very unprofessional. I ended up gambling elsewhere even though I was staying at the MGM!  Craps is my favorite game in Vegas! I would give them no stars if there was a separate rating.-The remodel.  For example,  excellent quality doors that were quiet were replaced with cheap,  noisy doors that slam easily.  I was awakened early every morning by slamming doors.  Seems like such a waste.-Housekeeping can be unresponsive,  I guess it just depends who answers the phone.  Very inconsistent.-The scent that is in the hotel smells like stale cologne.  That,  mixed with the cigarette smoke is overwhelming.
4	I love this Hotel/Casino, the place is just always busy and hopping! They are very friendly, and not just to get you to gamble and spend money, when I got a MLife card to play some they were very nice and friendly. I even got a birthday Button since I was there on my birthday! I think I wanna stay here if I need to stay at a hotel in Vegas!
2	This is the first time I have ever stayed at the MGM. The front desk lady was extremely welcoming and referred us to the bell desk to have our desk at while we waiting for our room to be ready. After 3 hours, we got a call saying that our room was ready. After about 5 minutes of being in the room we got a call from the mechanic that our toilet handle is broken to which we respond I don't know what your talking about we just checked in. Come to find out it was broken so we had to call them back. The shower water took 30 minutes to get hot which I thought was ridiculous. Come to find out that MGM neglected to say that the pool was closed for the season which is suppose to be included in the $15 daily resort fee. We did dine out in the Emeril restaurant that did not meet on expectations like it did the first time we came here last year.  I was not impressed with the quality of the room and I vented my frustrations in the survey of my stay. I was credited the $15 resort fee but that does not change the fact of the complications of the room and the amount of money spent on this hotel. I like visting the MGM maybe for a fight but I dont think I will be staying here again!
4	Last month I stayed at the MGM and got a room in the west wing which was recently renovated. They did a great job!Check-in was pretty easy and Earl went to great lengths to try to move rooms around to accommodate my guests and I ensuring as best as he could to place our rooms as close to each other as possible. He also comped us tickets to Hakkasan Nightclub, which I asked for - so don't be shy, worst they could say is no.MGM offers a good selection of low end eateries to high end fine dining, which by the way is home to my favorite steakhouse: Craft Steakhouse. If you want to splurge, be sure to check it out! Also important, they do have a Starbucks centrally located on the casino floor in case you need that pick-me-up. There are also a few bars  (I really liked Centrifuge) located throughout the casino which makes a good escape to people watch and take a break from the casino floor (which by the way has a good variety of gaming selections).As for entertainment, you can dance the night away at Hakkasan Nightclub or watch Cirque's KA (I saw it a few years ago and admittedly it wasn't for me, but I really enjoyed O and Mystere).Our executive queen suite was amazing. I really liked the decor and fell in love with the living room. Some nights I was tempted to just stay in and watch TV, lol! The bed was very comfortable, temperature set was consistent and had good circulation, plenty of closet/storage space as well as electrical outlets to charge phones/laptops, etc., water pressure was great, and the entire room was clean. The desk space was also generous and the area by the huge window was spacious. I definitely recommend this room if you are planning to entertain a few guests prior to hitting the town.The only reason why I can't give it a full 5 stars is because their WIFI is terrible! Actually, it's just shit, shitty, shit. When I called to inquire about it they said at an additional $15 I could upgrade to "faster" WIFI, but the "increase" in speed would have barely made a dent. Luckily, I was able to use my phone as a hot spot and got some mandatory work done. If you don't have that option, you can always make your way to their business center, but I can't comment on whether or not it's sufficient as I didn't go myself.Check out was easy peazy through the TV and our bill was correct.All in all, I really like MGM Grand and will consider this as one of my go-to hotels, unless I want to splurge on something more upscale for a special occasion or if I hit the jackpot. And of course, booking earlier than later will always save you some money. To give you an idea on rates, we booked our room second week of November:Room Rates:1/16/2014: $94.50 (Thurs)1/17/2014: $175.50 (Fri)1/18/2014: $193.50  (Sat)
4	Stayed in a penthouse suite during one of my recent visits. Of all the penthouse suites I've stayed at in Las Vegas, this is by far the quietest.Though this is only a guess, I believe that MGM staggers its penthouse assignments for as long as it can. That way you don't have people to the left and right or on top of each other until it's absolutely necessary. Regardless, whatever MGM is doing, I hope it continues. And this tip: when you get a penthouse suite, try to get a corner. Makes the experience even better. As for the rooms, they are spacious and nice. The amenities, accessories, etc., of the room, though, do not live up to what I expect from a true penthouse suite. The place that does have accessories and amenities that are penthouse quality is the Aria hotel. Top notch.Anyhow, if you're looking for a very nice penthouse to stay in, be sure to check out the MGM. The next time I stay at the MGM, meanwhile, I am getting a SkyLoft. Look for that review in the next couple of months.
4	I will be returing to the MGM for the 3rd time in May. I love the pool (The best in Vegas in my opinion) also like the variety of choices in the food court. Rooms are small but comfortable. The only negative is that I have always booked through a 3rd party (Orbitz, Spirit and Cheaptickets.com) and I am not crazy about the service I get when calling into the 800 number and trying to upgrade or stay an extra day, services which I am willing to pay extra for. Front desk help have been very helpful.
1	This parking structure is the worst in Las Vegas.  Sitting in the same place for 30 minutes is ridiculous. They need to get help when big events are going on.
2	This hotel is fancy etc, but not really that great.. I gave it two stars because we stayed at the west wing, and other things. At check in it seemed like my husband and I were a nuisance to the gentleman who checked us in. The surprising $200 security deposit was ridiculous, but hopefully they give us our money back tomorrow when we check out, and payed a $28 a day resort fee. The resort fee we knew about, and security deposit we didn't know was going to be so high. The hotel room was nice, modern. I didn't enjoy the bathroom too much because it's see through hazy green glass walls with little privacy, which isn't a big deal to couples. The wifi and cell reception is TERRIBLE. Couldn't log in wifi with any device. I made phone calls and had to stay in one little corner of the room  because if I wal ked any where else my call would drop. The hotel itself just too big. Yea pretty much all hotels have a walk to the rooms, but this was just ridiculous. The shops and some restaurants were just okay. I recommend NOT to stay here if there is a major event like a concert if you're not seeing it yourself because t the place is too crowded and it's difficult to get to you room. We have stayed at a few hotels here on the strip before, and this place just wasn't our cup of tea. We just had better service and experiences else where. Maybe it might of been different if we had gotten a better room or just stayed some where else. Too bad they don't have the lions anymore either.
2	There are only two good things about staying at the MGM Grand hotel in Vegas. The location and the bed. First of all the super gay employee who checked us in had an attitude when he told us there was a $200 fee to check in and we only had cash. I had no idea of the fee to begin with. Then we were never able to log in with their WiFi connection. Super complicated and it never worked not even offline my phone couldnt connect. I dont know if they have a signal jammer or what. The walk to the room was half a mile. I guess we made the mistake of staying when that loser miley cyrus was booked so the hotel and the parking lot was jam packed with the fall of americas future clogging up the hallways, elevators and parking garage. Spent over $500 for a 3 night stay which was really worth maybe $200. Im Definitely choosing a better place next year.
1	How one bad incident can change a f review to a 1 star. Enjoyed our stay until the last night. On that night we were off resort and were retuning and we unfortunate to return after a concert ended. We got caught up on traffic for 20 minutes or so to travel two blocks. When we finally reaches the entrance to the hotel they would not allow us to enter main entrance to hotel. Circle block to another 15 min later get  but can not get to valet parking. Valet will not allow us into area. He suggest going to east valet parking. Circle esprit again. 20 min later get to east valet parking and it is ropes of no valet. Finally park in garage after 1 hour of just try to get into resort. Call to talk to manager. She says there is nothing she can do about traffic. Let's see MGM concert caused traffic issue. MGM security wasDirecting traffic. MGM security would not allow cars to turn into resort. Seems to me like MGM was in control and choose a terrible solution.  Not to allow guests to enter resort. Manager offered us a late check out since our flight was at 6 am that was of little help and why we were trying to return a little early. We did make it to our rooms a 1am. Do not plan to come back to resort again
5	This 5 star review goes to the front desk agent Jessica who spent over an hour with my friend and I regarding issues we had with the rooms we were given. The main issue was that the first person who checked us in did not ask if we wanted a smoking room or not (which was a pretty big issue for my group). We called down to see if they could switch us from a nonsmoking to a smoking room to be told that it wasn't possible since they only have 2 floors throughout the hotel that allow smoking ( besides the lobby) , second issue was the promotion we booked 'guaranteed' us a strip view the view we were given was of a dirt lot .. not cool. Jessica told us that she could switch our rooms to smoking rooms the next day, but if we wanted a smoking room that day she could put us into a skyline marquee suite for $600 extra for our whole stay plus a $600 deposit. The price was a little much for us so we asked if she could maybe take 300 off .. about ten minutes later she came back and to our surprise she was able to give us the price we wanted ! SCORE! we also got a free bottle of champagne and 6 buffet passes to use on any day we pleased. The suite was marvelous ; 2 bedroom, 2 bath, a pool table, wet bar, full living room, and a dining area. Our trip started out a little rough but it was a blast after we got into our suite ! There's definitely a convince factor at this hotel as well.. which was nice since we didn't have to cab everywhere around the strip just to get a bite to eat or entertainment. MGM definitely exceeded my expectations and I will definitely be back this year.
4	We stayed at the MGM during a visit to Vegas because we got an amazing deal on one of their new King rooms.  Check in was long, a ton of people in line, which was to be expected based on previous reviews.  We had to wait a bit for our room because they were updated the tv on the floor.  Once we were ok'ed to go to our room we said everything should be done in our room.  Well unfortunately it wasn't.  We had to call to the front desk because the room door was open and no one was around.  They quickly came in, fixed what they needed to and they have us a $50 food/beverage credit.  Great customer service.  After that everything was great.  The room was huge and clean and the view of the stir was a nice bonus.  I would definitely stay here again, they're constantly offering special deals.
4	Bit outdated but pretty awesome hotel for the price, the sushi place they have there is super good and the service is great.
1	On 3/6/2014 afternoon three of us went to the MGM to buy one extra  ticket for the Canelo vs Angulo fight and a young Asian woman at the ticket counter was very dishonest and lied about the price of the tickets available. She kept stating and insisting that there were only $400.00 tickets available when another employee and was able to find tickets for $200.00. Then she lied again stating that her computer was not refreshed. We understand that is a business but there is no reason to make a dishonest business. I imagine that the MGM did not build their great reputation in this matter and it is unfortunate that they have such a dishonest employee working for them. I hope that the administration is able to address this issue and she is delegated to a more suitable position for her. We were lucky that an honest man came around and we were able to buy the lower price ticket.
1	This review is for the Beachers Mad House show in the MGM specifically. I did not stay in this hotel, but while in Vegas for a friends birthday, we got tickets to the Saturday night "performance." (Beachers is somewhere between a club and a carnival side show complete with midgets, a DJ and the requisite cocktail servers busting out of their corsets). There were 10 of us in the group so at $89/each we ended up spending $1K just on tickets. That doesn't include any alcohol and come to find out, does not in fact guarantee a seat. You are basically paying about hundred bucks just for a spot in line. After waiting for half an hour or so, we were approached (in the restroom no less) by a Mad House sales rep offering us a table and bottle service. Since it was a special occasion and we wanted to be sure our friend had a great night, my boyfriend picked up the tab. Two bottle minimum which included mixers and a booth at the very back of the theater, for $1500.  All of that was fine (of course it's a rip off, we expected that), until about an hour into the evening when one of the girls in our group left to use the restroom.  Upon trying to re-enter she was told by the bouncer that she wasn't allowed back in--no explanation given. When she insisted that she be allowed back in to get her belongings and let the rest of us know where she was, she was very rudely told that she was out of luck and that she had been cut off and would not be allowed back in, even to gather her purse and jacket. Noticing shed been gone for quite a long time, my boyfriend, who had paid for the entire thing discovered that a security guard had seen her trip trying to get to the bathroom and had deemed her too drunk to come back in. To be fair, she had a couple drinks and was certainly not sober but by no means was she belligerent either. The booths sit on a raised platform and the back of the theater was almost pitch black; when she stood up to go to the restroom she missed the ledge and slid on ice from a drink someone had spilled in front of our table that had not been cleaned up.My boyfriend spent nearly an hour lobbying for her to be allowed to re-enter (by this point everyone has completely sobered up and the mood is ruined anyway, not to mentioned we've missed most of the show), to no avail. Just to summarize, we spent about three grand total for this "performance" only to miss most of the show, be told that our friend was too drunk to come in (how is it even possible to be too drunk to get into a club on Satruday night in Vegas--especially when you've paid for bottle service??), and generally be treated as second class citizens, the most disturbing part was how rude and disrespectful the bouncers/staff were. They openly mocked my friend while she waited outside the theater, ("guess you should have learned to handle your liquor," laughed in my boyfriends face when he pointed out that we were spending a fair amount of money, and  generally seemed to take perverse pleasure in ruining the evening for everyone.I had always heard that the staff and service at MGM were sub par and this experience did nothing to persuade me to feel otherwise. We spent several thousand dollars on a show we barely saw, drinks we apparently should not have actually drunk because heaven forbid(!) someone become intoxicated in the club, and  an overall atmosphere that wasn't even that fun. Whether you're looking to spend $100 or $3000, I'd highly recommend avoiding Beachers Mad House at all costs.
5	Great Casino Buffet Restaurant & FREAKIN LIONSSITREPEvery time I pop into the MGM Grand Hotel, it's a fun casual experience.THE SETUPI love their dining buffets because they are quick & efficient.  Lunch runs $19.99.  Dinner runs $29.99.  (I never do both on the same day since I eat like it's my only meal of the day!)LIONS! The LIONS in their large area are fun to watch interact with one another and the people.  They bring a LOT of spectators who are fascinated by being so close to observe them.  But part of me feels this is not kind to them.  So I am conflicted about this to be honest.  [Update:  see note at bottom of this review about the Lions new whereabouts]  :DSHUTTLE PICK-UPMGM Grand is also one of the major drop-off and get-on locations for catching shuttles back and forth from Mc Carran airport.  Great place to know.THE LOWDOWNMy casual hotel run-in / grab a bite / run-out and hit the strip place.ADDITIONAL UPDATE - Owner Response within 24 HRSHere is one of two messages I just received in less than 24 hours from the MGM Owners Group.  You can't see this personal message below since it's in my Yelp inbox.  However, there is a 2nd message that shows up on the Business profile attached to my review (though these messages are not viewable from one's personal Yelp profile page).  A great response below to the Lion Issue.  Now that was unlooked for!  Message begins:March 10, 2014Social M.OwnerDear Michelangelo:Thank you for expressing your concerns regarding the MGM Grand Lion Habitat. The MGM Grand Lion Habitat closed as part of a property wide renovation project. Head trainer Keith Evans will continue to care for the lions at his large desert compound here in Southern Nevada, where the animals have actually spent the majority of their lives. Several years ago, MGM Grand and Mr. Evans established means to ensure that the lions will receive proper care for the rest of their lives.The lion will remain an icon and logo forever associated with the MGM Grand brand.  We truly value your comments and patronage, and look forward to serving you again in the future.Sincerely,The Guest Experience DepartmentMGM Grand - Las Vegas[I just *bumped* my rating from 4-Stars to 5-Stars]
1	What a horrible experience! Overpriced eating, rude and infrequent cocktail waitresses on the casino floor and even worse hotel staff. I just stayed there for 11 days. Three of the days my room was not made up before my return in the late afternoon. There were pot smokers on my floor the whole time. It smelt as if I were in Jamaica! I complained many times to no avail. As a matter if fact, I got tired of complaining!! The last convention I was given some discounted dining and show tickets. I asked for them this time and was told "we don't do that anymore." I said, "Really? I'm here for 11 days at $X rate and you can't give up something?" Friends staying at The Flamingo were offered such without asking. Hmmmmm...I ordered room service one night. The steak was over cooked and cold. The potatoes were forgotten. $75... I expected more. I still tipped $20.I have stayed at the MGM 3 times in the past and was satisfied enough to come back. However, upon check out I told the representative of my dissatisfaction hoping for an apology of sincerity. She could care less and shoed me on my way. You may kiss my backside if I ever stay in your hotel again. For the amount of money spent on my 11 day trip, the next MINExpo 2016 and CONEXPO 2017 will be spent on a property not associated with the MGM.
4	I will go to a casino a couple of times a year with my boyfriend and we decided to go to the MGM in Vegas a week ago. The hotel was huge with plenty of slots and tables.  The food was pretty good but could be better. You can certainly get any cuisine you want. If not, the hotel is right on the strip so you can get to other casinos ant restaurants really easy.  The only bad thing is that I think we must have had some spring breakers there because it could get a little more wild than I like at a casino. Went out to the clubs once and had fun but was expensive.
4	Husband and I stayed in the West Wing over Valentine's weekend. He's been after me to go to Vegas for years but we had to wait until after my knee replacement a couple years ago. Good thing, too, you will walk like you;ve never walked before in Vegas.That aside, reservations I made on expedia gave us a great rate for 5 nights. We took the first flight out of Omaha and arrived at the hotel lobby probably around 9:45 AM Vegas time. Paid for early check-in which I was glad was available. Only drawback was we did not get the smoking room on a higher floor I had requested; not that big a deal. Didn't wait very long in check-in, staff was most courteous and helpful. Got to our room, everything was ready for us. Changed out of our Midwestern woolens; had a sandwich at the little deli next to the sports book (my introduction to Vegas' high food prices). Disappointed that the room did not have a little coffee maker like most hotels in this price range we've stayed at. But I suppose that many little appliances would be a logistical nightmare, and MGM would have to hire a 24/7 staff of probably 100 people just to handle replacing coffee makers and restocking coffee. Gladly once we found the "short-cut" of the West Wing elevators to the West Wing bar, an early morning trip to Starbucks was de rigeuer, and then outside the door by the West Wing bar to sip coffee and smoke cigarettes.The place is indeed big; if you stay long enough you will learn the tricks and shortcuts like we did. The Monorail station was a huge plus; the jaunt to get to it from our room not so much.Ate supper at the Avenue Cafe Friday night and breakfast there Sat., Sun. and Mon. Had the brunch buffet the Tuesday morning we left. All great food, very friendly and courteous service (except the server at the buffet wasn't as nice).We gambled here a lot the first two days we were there, but on weekends they raise the minimum limit on table games out of our budget range. So over the weekend if we gambled here we played slots or video blackjack and poker. Great thing about the casino bar...sidle up to one of those video card games and stick in a $20 bill and bet 25 cents a  hand you can get quite drunk on free magaritas!I enjoyed everything about our stay...sure, food was pricey but where isn't it in Vegas? The valet parking area sure seems like it runs like clockwork. I would give 5 stars except for the fact I had to get up and go looking for coffee every morning, the minimum limits on table games Friday, Saturday and Sunday were ridiculous and the Rain Forest Cafe was pretty bad. But we would stay here again!
4	I have respect for the MGM.  Considering its age, it's doing alright.  The decor for the lobby, casino, restaurants, and rooms is all nicely updated.  My major number one complaint about this place, and it's probably something I can't get away from in Vegas, is the cigarette smell that manages to sneak its way into the non-smoking rooms.  I'm not sure if it's just seeping out of the walls from smoking days gone by, or if it's getting through the vent system or whatever the case is.  The staff have always been attentive and friendly, and they are pretty organized here.  No troubles in that regard.  Price is decent. Still a long-ass walk to the convention center, but hey we all need our exercise.  They have a ton of stuff to keep you busy here, and you will not be bored.  Their gift shops have a pretty decent selection of items.One thing I could not locate: a normal, business-appropriate belt.  What gives?
3	The gaming staff here is mixed. I went to play at the MGM Grand two different times during my stay in Vegas and got two different experiences each time. Note: I did not stay at the MGM, so this does not include any rating for the hotel - just the casino and the food.On my first visit, it seemed that all the tables were, at a bare minimum $15 for blackjack and craps. I asked one of the pit bosses if there was anything cheaper and he said if I went to the back pit, far from the front doors, I could find a $5 table. I didn't see one back there, so I asked that pit boss, and she permitted to me to play for $5/hand at a table that was just starting up. It was a little odd though because she made other people who joined later play $15/hand but kept letting me play for $5 because I was "grandfathered in" - I can't complain but I felt bad for the other players that weren't necessarily getting a fair deal.The second visit was a poorer one. I went to go redeem a ticket at the sports book and there were 3 windows open. All of the guys working the windows were taking their good old time chatting up the young ladies that were placing bets. I waited, the only person in line, for over 5 minutes before finally one woman finished and left the window. I walk up to the window and the supervisor comes over and says "sir, they'll get you at the other two windows" and changes this employee's sign to "closed." Good customer relations would mean letting me cash in my ticket real quick instead of directing me to another window that was still busy with the same people as before.For this reason, I probably won't be gaming at MGM on future Vegas trips. Their loss.The food was "meh." At the two cafes there, the coffee at each of them was horrible. Go to Starbucks instead.
1	Currently staying here now I'm west wing out room has small hole in ceiling maybe from a leak not sure but for expensive room per night I wouldn't expect that. Too Has no USB plug only outlets even embassy suites and most chain hotels have updated plug in for cell phones. Sat at $1 wheel of fortune playing for hours and cocktail waitress only came once spent $209 purchasing drinks could've been gambling with that. Not the best.
3	Be Aware, if you are in the new towers, I hope you are close to the person you are sharing the room with!! Bathrooms are a frosted glass door that doesn't lock or shut all the way, same goes for the shower, and they are the first section of the room you walk into! So if someone were to come inside while you were in the bathroom, i hope nobody's in the hallway.... I typically stay in the Signature, but got tired of the hike to the casino, so figured i'd give the hotel rooms a shot. I probably won't do it again. They are dark and "Modern" by modern I mean about 300 sq ft with a glass bathroom door and some art deco wall piece and a lamp that didn't work in my room. Window was overlooking a strange alley way in the back, in between the next tower and the back of the MGM, so no light could come through. I'd request the older rooms if i were you with a view of the strip or just stay at the signature and get your cardio on when you hike to the casino.
4	There are TONS of shops and restaurants throughout the property. They have a wide variety of options from high class expensive restaurants and shops to basics fast food like McDonald's. The casino is lively and clean.
2	This is my first time staying at the MGM. I got there around noon and was informed that check in wasn't until 3 or 4 and I would have to pay an extra $20 to check in early. I figured I might as well do it since I didn't want to lug my bags around for 3 hours. I got into the room and the carpet was stained, the sheets/pillows had black stains on them, the walls had..something...on them, the mirrors around the bed were scuffed, there were dings in the nightstands, and the room was very dark. That was just the main room. The bathroom was another story. I found out I could easily lift the mirror off the wall and see the plumbing behind it, the sink just looked old and worn down, and the shower door did not close which meant that water leaked all over the floor whenever you wanted to take a shower. The hairdryer in the room smelled like smoke every time you used it! The absolute worst part was the huge, nasty, ball of black hair on the floor when I first checked in. NASTY!! The view was of the back of the building..not great at all. I didn't mind that, since I wasn't in the room at all times. The good part about the room was the bed was super comfortable and the pillows were amazing. I will probably not be back at the MGM any time soon. The resort fees are ridiculous - especially since the internet is so slow!
5	Typically we are Wynn faithfuls, but we stayed at the MGM Grand with friends this past week and really enjoyed our stay. The rooms were incredibly modern and updated. My only complaint is the sink and tub drainage was slow.We'll definitely come and stay at the MGM Grand again!
3	Stayed at the MGM last year in May and the stay was great.. Except check-in was  at 3pm and Our room wasnt ready..So we waitied finally  got in the room and the view was horrible all I looked at was the back of buildings for almost $800 wasnt happy..food was good atmosphere was good.. Will be back May 26 getting married, and Im giving MGM  another chance hopefully i have a better view of the strip this time and room be ready.. But i  will give them 3stars..
2	We booked 2 rooms from Mar 20th - 23rd, with one room being a Grand Tower Queen room and the other room being a West Wing King room. My wife and I have stayed in a GT room before so we decided to stay in the WW room this trip and let my parents and brother have the GT room. The GT room was the same set up as last time we were there and my parents had no complaints with the room. Here is where our trip started to go south. We check into our room in the WW and head up to it. We walk in and it is quite modern with newer faucets and so on. I begin to check out the room, even though it was pretty small and not much space. As I'm looking at the art piece on the wall I see that there has been previous guests who thought it would be funny to write throughout the art work. I'm not a snob or prude by any mean but I would think the MGM would want to try and cover up any vandalism or bad look in there rooms. I then go to turn on the Bose stereo in the room to find that it does not have an Aux port (which is says on the stereo itself) as well as a bobby pin sticking out the antenna to try and get reception which clearly did not work. This really isn't a big deal cause we all have Pandora or Itunes on our phones so we would be ok. Then we go to take a shower and with in 15 minutes we have to turn off the shower completely due to the severe drainage problem that caused a 3 inch pond in our shower. We're starting to become a little unhappy with the room for the amount that we paid but we're trying to make the best out of it because we are in Vegas. Finally as we are getting ready to go out for the night we notice a pretty bad crack as well as water damage and water bubble in our ceiling above the television. I understand that all hotel rooms may come with problems but I feel for the amount of money we paid ($250+/night) this was pretty ridiculous. I spoke with a few different managers throughout the weekend. They sent a maintenance guy to our room to look at the drainage problem. He was there about 5 minutes and told us everything was taken care of. The drain was better but it still backed up on us a little bit. I had to then contact the front desk around 1:00 AM since they failed to call me like they said they would with an update. The manager who I spoke with said the ceiling damage was from a previous water leak and our property would be damaged. So what your telling me is that it's normal for a room to be damaged and still rent that room. Instead of properly handling the leak and maybe re-drywall the ceiling or at least patch it. A room change was offered to us around 1:30 AM (Fri Night/Sat Morn) but the inconvenience of moving all of our unpacked items was not worth the room change. They ended up refunding us $56 which was the resort fees and tax.I've stayed at MGM numerous times before with usually good trip reports. I even have a bachelor party booked here for Aug so I am a loyal Mlife member. This trip did change my view and overall feel for this casino.
5	Had a great time at the MGM GRAND. Grand premier queen and it was nice and roomy.  Service was great will definitely come and still here again.
3	The room was paid for by Myvegas so I can't comment on the price. The pool was a huge let down compared to Mandalay Bay. The kids seemed like a bother even though most people had kids with them. The lazy river is nice but you can't bring your own tube and they will try to rent you one. I bought one in the splash shop for 6 dollars for me and 3 dollars for a kid. Don't buy the handle tube.
5	Pros:CleanThis hotel is big and nice.Friendly staffFree booze when you gamble.A lot of shops when you walk from the parking garage to the main lobby.The buffet was really good, but pricey.Cons:You can get lost in this hotel.This hotel can be super crowded at the main floor of the hotel.
3	No more lions :(I'm a fan of the MGM-series of hotels. This place has a tram stop under it, so that is nice. I have never stayed here, but walk through it often and visit it often enough. I like the layout, it feels very open and not cramped.It's unfortunate that they got rid of the lions. Besides the shows it has, I really don't think there is any stand-out draw or reason to come here anymore. Nearly everything else it has can be found elsewhere.
3	Watching the Hangover made me all hyped up about the MGM. But I know my experience is not gonna be as wild. They made the hotel seems so cool. But the hotel is actually pretty boring. Full of business peeps and old people. There were a lot of construction at the time and there were a lot "walking around the block".For a fancy pantsy hotel, the room isn't that great. I understand that this place is super old and famous, but it wouldnt hurt to upgrade the rooms a bit. My carpet smelled like cigarettes and the decor was so old fashioned. THe only thing I liked about the room is the bed. The comforter was so fluffy and soft. The bed was sorta hard. The standard room is quite small compared to other hotels. Heck, even Bally's is bigger. The bathroom was whatever. Nothing special about. Nothing worth to take home (shampoo, soap bar, and face wash). The thing I like about this place is that on the first floor, there is a water fountain in the middle. It is gorgeous. The hotel has a buffet inside and the food is pretty decent. I think any brunch buffet is good. Why? Cuz they have scrambled eggs and toast! Other than that, everything was mediocre.Casino is sorta big and pretty crowded. That craps table is a ripped off lol. But that black jack machine...whooooo!Price is expensive in general to me. it doesnt matter if it is during an event or not, just too much moola for muah.
3	We stayed at MGM for 3 nights last week. It was overall a really good experience with a few bumps along the way. Let's break it down:Rooms: (3 stars) the rooms overall were small but modern and did the job just fine. We didn't have a good view but we were in the west tower and only on the 5th floor. I didn't like the bathrooms because there is only a door to the toilet so privacy is minimal. Also there was barely any counter space in the bathroom making getting ready a challenge. I thought the bed was comfy but others thought it was hard. All in all the room was fine. Issues: I called a week ahead to get all three rooms close to each other or even on the same floor, they said it wouldn't be a problem so I was a little frustrated when they couldn't accommodate this when we checked in. Also, the actual door mechanism on my parents door (what you slide your card into) broke on the first night. They had to wait outside their room at midnight for 1.5 hours for someone to come fix it. They finally came, and the next day we were comped $300 for food and drinks at MGM restaurants so they handled our problem really well and we were totally content and over the door issue. Casino: (4 stars) out of all of the casinos this is the one we all won the most money at! We also really liked how big it was, huge sports book, lots of tables, and slots galore. We really enjoyed the virtual craps, blackjack, and roulette: all the fun without the pressure of playing at a table. Staff: The staff here were awesome! Stephanie (from NY!) and Michelle were great on the roulette table and some of the best casino workers I've come across!!!Food: There are a ton of food options in the MGM so if you're staying here don't overlook your options! They have a food court for fast, cheap, or late night eats stocked with the basics like McDonalds, Nathan's, and Pizza. They also have finer dining options like Craftsteak and Emeril's. MGM location: Bottom line is that the MGM is HUGE. To get from our room to the casino took at least 5 minutes. Everywhere you go in the casino it's far away so plan for comfy shoes. Also, a lot of people told us we stayed on the wrong end of the strip and I have to disagree. Yes this is farther away from the mirage and Venetian but the walk is doable (and entertaining) and the tram is easy. I would probably check out another hotel next time I am in Vegas but I enjoyed our stay at the MGM grand.
1	Ok, I just got back from the MGM Grand Hotel.  Not at all impressed.  Stayed there for 2 nights (which was way toooo long)! The first night I was about to jump in the shower & opened up one of the towels when I noticed a large yellow stain on one of them! Yes, NASTY!!! I had to use my daughter's towel (I forgot mine) It made me wonder what else was stained in the room.  We stayed at the Grand tower which was easy to find & the view from the 18th floor facing the back side of the hotel was just ok. No big deal.  I think I just couldn't get that nasty towel out of my head.  The second night we got some loud rowdy neighbors who were smoking, & not only smoking cigarettes if you know what I mean & this was the non-smoking area (supposedly).  I called the front desk to complain & was placed on hold when all of the sudden I am being transferred to another line.  I only found out I was transferred to security because that's how they answered the phone.  Poor customer service.  Next time please advise me when you are transferring me to someone else to deal with my problem. The problem was temporarily dealt with however 3 hours later (3:00 am) it started again. Needless to say we did not get any sleep & my kids kept coughing all night due to the smoke coming from the room next to us. Never again.
4	To clarify, we stayed at the MGM Sky loft, not the regular MGM Grand, but I liked the MGM grand quite a bit. Not a big fan of gambling here, I just couldn't catch a break on the craps tables. I did however clean up on the poker tables (not really gambling for me), so I can't complain. If you decide to stay at the MGM, you really should consider the Sky Loft. Crazy excellent service and rooms. Check out my other reviews for more info.
5	I go to Vegas quite often, been to almost every hotels on the strip. I recently stayed at MGM for the first time because I wanted to go to their lazy-river pool. Hotel staff was very nice when I was checking in, check in was a breeze didn't wait long. I got $50 dining credit for their promo and they also upgraded my room at no charge!!!! I also tried their Buffet and regardless of what other people reviewed I really like their food for the value, prime rib was great, they had many different choices to choose from. I even did the room service to get my breakfast in bed, and the service personal was very nice! and the food was great. Will definitely go back to MGM soon!
2	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGk8NSp4Y9o&index=19&list=PLA8fY63qNlEtdE6Y3ZgDYj_Nz57VfuWFE (youtube video of my room)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VUP-wV4iWFM&index=35&list=PLA8fY63qNlEtdE6Y3ZgDYj_Nz57VfuWFE (youtube video - plane watching from my room)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IcOrNvfSgkk&list=PLA8fY63qNlEtdE6Y3ZgDYj_Nz57VfuWFE&index=38 (youtube video - My buffet lunch)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qi967maas-4&index=5&list=PLA8fY63qNlEtdE6Y3ZgDYj_Nz57VfuWFE (youtube video - Lion exhibit from a previous visit (now closed) )Las Vegas;MGM Grand Hotel Went to Vegas for a conference and stayed at the MGM grand. The room was modern, clean and well designed. The best part of this hotel room is the view of the airport! I get to see airplane coming in and landing at McCarran every 3 minutes. I think this is the best show in Vegas. Despite being so close to the airport, the room is surprisingly quiet. Not a sound or vibration was heard. This room was advertise for 79.99 on hot wire. Remember they charge resort fees per room. It was good for the money. If you rate the room only, I would have given MGM grand 5+ stars, given the view of the airport and the technology in room and the decor with the ample sunlight. but then I just remembered I had to put up with a lot of crap on my stay there. You got a feeling that they just don't care about an average costumer like us. So we'll put this hotel on the "could use improvement" category. I started the review giving this hotel 5 stars, but kept taking stars off as I write the "Con" section...Con: check in line took an hour and fifteen minutes. (not kidding) I was already *not in the mood* after a long day of budget air travel, by the time I got to the front desk I was totally pissed off. They have like 25 check in counters but only 3 of them were staffed. Clearly they don't care about the long line of dying people. There were mangers around but they just stood around and done nothing to help the situation. Check luggage on my way out was impossible given the mid day line and a mid day schedule, I waited 20 minutes and said "fu*k this*. Front desk was well mannered but not helpful. Like they took a class on how to decline all your request without being offensive. Unless you are a whale you are nobody here. Early morning window cleaning (from the outside) could had been intrusive for the people who likes to stay in their hotel room nude. A cable guy showed up in the middle of the day and spent 45 minutes working on my TV set. The guy was polite, but what if I was trying to get lucky?
3	We have stayed here before and enjoyed so decided to return.  Some good, some bad.  Room was nice enough - we were in the Grand Tower, but few minor problems like the carpet on the other side of the wall from the shower became damp we suspected a leak so called and they came promptly and dried it not sure if they fixed the leak but not wet again.  Had to call because the remote didn't work and the guy had to do something to the back of the TV.  Video checkout didn't work, housekeeping came very late several days.  Staff for the most part friendly and accommodating particularly the Mlife desk.  Brad Garrett comedy club had a great time.  David Copperfield show not that good.  Emerils and Pearl restaurants were very good.  Had fun gambling except for the smoke.  I really wish they would have a no smoking part of the casino. Kind of amazed at the amount of families we saw walking thru the casino.  Husband really enjoyed the pool as well.
3	The husband and I stayed here for my birthday weekend getaway. We stayed here because of an expedia package we signed up for and this hotel had one of the cheaper rates. This hotel is wide; it felt like a 5 minute walk to go to our west wing room. The room we got was just ok. Kinda bummed that there wasn't much that they had in the room, but I guess that was ok. One gripe was that we didn't like our bathroom; the shower always leaked out to the toilet area, which made puddles on the floor. We had to call housekeeping to get our floors cleaned and replenish our towels cuz we used up the rest of the towels to clean up the mess. Also, they didn't have the best wifi. It would cut on and off, which frustrated us because we were needing it for traveling purposes. Over all, our stay was good. If you don't mind being a little far from the busyness on the strip, try this place out. Since a lot of the stuff happens closer to middle part of the strip, we'll check out a different hotel next time we're in Vegas.
3	Good hotel but just too big for me. It took like 20 minutes to walk to the room from the strip. Just too big for me. It's like a cattle call just getting breakfast.
3	After my review was up I was contacted by an assistant hotel manager. He reached out to first apologize for my unhappy stay, but too also try and keep me as a happy and returning customer. He guaranteed that my special requests would be granted for the specific room as well as my request to have the pool table in our suite. This is the type of customer service I have come to expect with the MGM Grand and why I will continue to stay with them. I'm no longer looking for another casino to host the bachelor party I'm planning lol
1	Wifi doesn't work half the time. Skip the overpriced room service ($28+ for yogurt and berries??) and the overpriced watered-down drinks. No bathrobes in the room. Worst part was a staffmember trying to enter and then INSISTENTLY banging on the door as I was trying to take a nap to ask if I wanted the room cleaned. The room had already been cleaned AND the Do Not Disturb sign was on the door. If the Do Not Disturb sign is up you don't try to come in and you definitely don't bang insistently on the door!!!This is the type of crap I would expect at Motel 6, not a supposed 4 or 5 star hotel on the Las Vegas strip. Skip this place. There are much better options on the strip for similar pricing.
4	Rooms were decent, typical Vegas hotel room.  Service was great, hospitality was on point.  we were total taken care of.  Had a great stay, will stay again.
3	I must say the craftsteak has the best lobster bisque I have ever had, but that is probably the best thing about this place. When you get to the good court they do not have any signs posted or do they tell you that you can not charge to your room. After being in the pool the last thing we had was cash on us, I had to go all the way to the room to get money for the meal. The room wasn't really even cleaned, finger prints all over the mirrors and the table was nasty still and we had a tower suite not a basic room. When you pay for a higher room you should get better service or better quality. The ac didn't work in the living room, some how they claim someone duct taped cardboard to the vent and it blew the motor. Really? That's just ridiculous, I must say I do like the slots. Being a gold mlife member I should be treated like I am not some random person who has never been to the casino/ hotel. I give 3 stars because some of the issues was fixed quickly and the shops are great and craftsteak was AMAZINGGGG!!
3	It took over an hour to check in. Not so great experience when arriving to stand in that line. The VIP had minimal wait and four additional people who could have assisted with the horribly long standard check in line. No refill of shampoo or soap for a four night stay with four people. Needless to say we ran out and had to supply our own.We were also provided a room with a view of the airstrip. We were not told of this difference in view when we booked the room and we could not pay their upgrade as nothing was available for the first day. Basically, even when you pay their premium rate you are still at the end of the strip, close to the airstrip, have to wait in extended lines and not well treated. Vegas is now run by the corporations and service has taken a back seat to amenities.  Welcome to McDonalds in the Desert.
4	First time staying at this hotel, and so glad we chose to stay here!  Pros: Many delicious places to eatFun atmosphere A good amount of gaming tables (kuddos  to Art who made playing roulette that much more fun!) Nice rooms and friendly staffCons: The only thing I can complain about is the linens and towels. It might just be my sensitive skin but whatever soap they chose to wash with does not feel too clean and is very rough. Loved our stay and will be staying again!
4	I stayed one night at the MGM Grand in the West wing on April 5-6.  I came to Vegas last minute to "crash" my daughters bridesmaids getaway, just for a day of their 3 day jaunt.  Check-in was a breeze.  I was shocked that I got access to my room at 10:45 am!  My room on the 10th floor of the West Wing was really nice.  Modern, clean, comfy bed.  It had plenty of plugs for my I family (pad, phone, Mac).  Staff was nice and my daughter's suite in the tower, with her friends was more than adequate. We had a wonderful time.  I treated them to dinner, we gamble at a very low level, saw a show and spent some time at the pool.  Food was good!  Space is very, very big.  Lots of walking, but enjoyable.   Unfortunately, the next day, checkout was very early, 11:00 am, with no late checkout offered due to the incoming ACM Awards.  All the girls were leaving with flights at various times and we had the whole day to shop for my daughters's shower dress... With a red-eye home.  In leaving my room I quickly grabbed my Mac out of my safe, but did not feel around the bottom, as I usually do, and later discovered that I left my heart shaped white gold diamond necklace in th safe.  I have contacted security and have not lost hope that I may see it again.  The necklace was a recent gift from my husband of 33 years.  I'm hoping someone might see this and turn it in for a reward, which I would pay.  I have been sick over this and nauseated beyond compare.  Security said they are checking into it, and I'm hopeful that they at least call the next guest and inquire if they might have found it.  I sent a picture of the heart close up and one with me wearing the necklace.  What a damper this has put on something that was supposed to be a lifetime fond memory.  Even in my sleep, I dream about it!  I have prayed to St. Anthony, Finder of lost things and hope someone will find it in their heart to return the necklace this Easter season!  God bless.
2	Myself and a friend both checked in 04/15-04/17 each to their own room. We both commented that the rooms are big, clean and the mattress was so comfortable ( where can I get one for the house)After unpacking, we quickly hit the Lobby Lounge and was treated like Kings by Katherine who served us some of the best cocktails I Have had in a long time.We both commented this was going to be a great stay in LV for work related business if this is a clue. WHAT A SHOCK! It was all down hill after the first night. We decided to go back to the Lobby lounge and was completely ignored by the new servers, who BTW knew we was sitting in the side lounge BECAUSE I asked if it was open. We ordered the same drinks but it was made completely  different. Didn't even have same color, so you knew something was missing. All I knew was the night before it was so freaking good and tonight - like we was at a different bar.  Took 15 min to get 1st drink, and 50 min later I was at the bar asking to cash out for it seemed we had been forgot.Night before? Our tab was $185 not including tip, we could careless for it was a perfect night. But the second trip, horrible.I even noticed a table of 4 sit and leave because they couldn't get a server, AND NO-IT WASN'T that busy. The rest of our stay ranged from poor service at the food courts to the high price end places, just not worthy to waste my time about it here.  My friend and I commented it's a number's game, we rolled the dice 2nd night and lost -- MGM, lost two clients. ( We both have stayed here before) Best of luck MGM, get more like Katherine, the lady knows customer service. Have your bartenders use same recipes!
2	I stayed at the MGM Grand Hotel in their Tower Spa Suite, not cheap I'll say.  The reason I picked this hotel is because I had stayed here in the past with great location to everything, plenty of places to choose from when eating, and easy to get around everywhere.However I went there with my honey and it was not the experience I was hoping it would be.  He had been away for a long time and I missed him, I wanted it to be special.Check in was easy but my goodness they charge so much for early check in by a few hours.  The room was already empty and clean, all I wanted to do was take a shower before my sweeties flight landed.  I wanted him to see me refreshed and not sweaty and gross.  I accept the charges and they give me my keys for the room.  At first glance it's clean and big, I pull the blinds and to my horror it is not overlooking the strip like I requested.  Turns out the Tower Spa Suites don't overlook the strip at all and there was this big ugly building blocking my view.  The parts of the building that weren't blocking the few, you got to see a nice view of an ugly parking lot of hotel cars and golf carts, along with the roof of a neighboring building.  I closed the blinds back ASAP to hide the mood killing view.I showered, got dressed, and laid down for a few moments to take a nap when I heard a terrifying noise coming out of the bathroom.  The shower started leaking water on it's own, almost as if someone was trying to turn it on.  This water going on and off by itself happened the whole weekend stay there.   Not to mention the AC was broken in our bedroom, the heat was so bad my man decided he wanted to sleep on the couch in the living room.  I'm use to heat so I said in the bedroom as the couch wasn't comfortable and wasn't big enough for us both.How great to plan a romantic and fun weekend only to end up spending it alone on the first night.  Next day we complained to the front desk and they said they would send someone up around 2pm.  I didn't fuss about the time because we were going to be gone until the sun went down.When we returned to our room it was much cooler inside, the AC was finally working!  But come night time again and the AC starts howling and making unusual demonic possessed noises.  The noise is so loud in the bedroom our options are to turn off the AC and be hot or turn the AC and sleep in the living room with the bedroom door closed to try and muffle the sound out.  We picked option #2 which again killed the romance of it all.I think when you spend thousands on a hotel room your view should be better then a dirty parking lot and roof, and you should have working showers and AC systems.The only upside was the rooms were clean as always.  I've never been unhappy with the cleanliness of a room while staying there.  And the noise level was zero, from any outside rooms.  Not sure if it was due to us being the last room down the hallway, quiet neighbors, or if it was just the noise of the AC was so nice and loud you couldn't really focus on anything else.They offered me two free nights if I pay for the first two nights.  I'm honestly not sure if I'll go back and give it a try or if I'll opt to try a different hotel next time.  We shall see.
3	One of the smokiest casinos in Vegas in my opinion.  The room we had was good enough clean and comfortable.  Upon check in I asked if there was a fridge in my room because I had to store insulin and I was told no.  They did however give me a fridge for free to use.  Be sure to charge everything to your room and sign up for the m life card so you can possibly get some comps or discounts during your stay.  Check out was easily handled on our tv so it was fast and efficient.
4	My friends and I stayed at MGM April 9-13. The hotel is nice and big with lots of shops and restaurants that were delicious but kinda pricy.  The pools were awesome, the casino was big and the dealers were very nice!  Nicer than any other casinos we went to. The two rooms we got were spacious with comfortable beds and big restrooms. We stayed in the North tower which didn't have a view of the strip. We went the week of the fight so MGM was packed but it's understandable. The valet parking was nice didn't have to wait for that long even though they were so busy! I would definitely come back =)
1	Over the weekend, I had a chance to stay here, and let me say I only picked this hotel because I wanted to go to Hakkasan (which was bad itself, but that's another review). Check in. The guy was not interested in being friendly or helpful. He mumbled everything and did not even ask us how our day was or thank us afterwards. West king room. Horrible and tiny. We got two rooms right by the elevators. With paper thin doors we could hear everything. There was no door to the bathroom, and the room door opens right into the bathroom area. No privacy what so ever. Speaking of privacy, about an hour after getting to our room, housekeeping opens the door and barges in THAN knocks and says housekeeping. Wtf?! Who does that?! What if I had been naked or something?! She does the second room as well. Speaking of the second room, there was a stain on the bed sheets, which was called in immediately. And they did change she sheets but didn't offer to wave any fees or comp nothing for our troubles. There was just no courtesy in any part of our stay here. Luckily we were only there for one night, otherwise I might have just left mid stay.Oh, one star due the double shower heads, I loved that. But after showering, I open the door to step out into a large puddle, thinking it happened when I opened the door, I asked the bf, and he said no, it was like that during your shower with the door closed. Will not be returning.
3	Every time I go to Vegas, I try to sleep in a different hotel. This time around, was the MGM. I arrived in Vegas with my boyfriend around 9am on a Saturday morning. With check-in not being until 3pm, I was crossing my fingers that our room was ready and we could check in early because I was in need of a nap. The check in line was pretty long, but moved fast. My boyfriend and I stayed in the Executive King suite on the 9th floor, for two nights:Pros: -Check in line went pretty quick, and the staff was very friendly and helpful-Was able to check in early without a problem-Room was very clean -No noise from other rooms-Quick, express check out on kiosks in the lobbyCons:- I was asked if I wanted a smoking room upon checking in, and I said yes, and the desk clerk did not assign me one like promised-The maid threw away food I had left on the desk, which looked clearly edible and untouched-Walking to the pool was a journey-They held $200 on my debit card because I did not have a credit card for the duration of my stay-Buffet was mediocre Overall, the trip was successful. Don't forget to check out Wet Republic!
1	- Wrong directions to our hotel room from the guy at the front desk- No room service (No fresh towals etc.)- Wifi didnt work very well- TV lost signal oftenbtw do not lift up any bottles from the minibar. They will charge you each bottle due to sensors in the fridge. I complained at the checkout and they took care about the Hotel fees + Tax (56 Dollars something for two days)
1	Don't waste your time and money. The odds will always be against you. There is one serving attendant for the entire casino I think!
3	I stayed here for a conference in a West King "suite."  The line was so long to check in they had seats for people that just couldn't stand any longer.  After waiting for 30 minuets to check in you have to walk down these long corridors to get to your room.  The hotel is HUGE.  For some reason the elevators on the West End are tore up on the inside.  Not sure whats going on in there.  The room itself was small and needed updating, but otherwise clean.  The TV lost signal all the time, and the walls are thin. For some reason the maids will just open up your door and do a room check. Bottom line the MGM Grand is old and needs a refresh (at least the West End dose). I would recommend staying at another MGM properly like the Vdara or ARIA.
4	We flew in on Sunday morning, checked in at 3pm, check in was long and exhausting, had to take a star off. Everything else including check in associate, room and hotel itself was good as alway, we will return.
3	Bigger isn't always better, but sometimes it's exactly what you need. If so, the MGM Grand Hotel is especially good for a big group, conference, or event. It's the largest hotel resort in America (World #2) with rooms branded as MGM Grand, Signature, Skylofts, and The Mansion.What you'll find at MGM Grand includes: * Largest hotel in Vegas with 6,582 rooms * Largest casino in Las Vegas * 380,000 sq ft convention center * 16,800 seat MGM Grand Garden Arena * 4 pools including ultra cool Wet Republic * A quarter-mile lazy river around the MGM Grand Pools * EDM playground Hakkasan Nightclub * KA by Cirque Du Soleil theatrical show * Brad Garrett's Comedy Club (Headliners vary) * Regular performers like David Copperfield * A dated activity called the CSI: Experience * Access to the Las Vegas Monorail ($5/ride; $12/day) * The Forever Grand Wedding Chapel * A Salon and a Spa * 11 Specialty Restaurants; 6 Casual Spots, a Buffet, and a Food Court * Popular: Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak, Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill, & Shibuya * Shopping options including Sugar Factory and small boutiques * A large (of course) Race and Sports Book * The largest bronze statue in the U.S. - Leo the Lion near the LV Strip EntranceWhat you won't find includes: * The Lion Habitat that closed in 2012 * The Wizard of Oz theme from the 1990s * Anything truly outstanding or unique, but plenty that's a-ok * An escape from long walks between areas of the hotelThe MGM Grand Hotel is big. In fact, it's the biggest and most spread-out hotel you'll find anywhere. Rooms range between 3-4 stars. The accommodations are better than they were 5 years ago, but still kind of average hotel rooms ... which is no surprise when you think of the volume of rooms and people they must accommodate.Three stars means a-ok and the MGM is exactly that ... a boring, but very BIG A-OK.
1	Upon check in they ask for $300 for  incedentials and another $84 for a "resort fee." This is on top of what I paid three months before for the rooms. Our West Wing room was clean but very noisy. All three mornings we were woke up by the hotel staff moving dumpsters outside. No hot water one morning either. I called the front desk on two occasions to see about moving rooms but was denied. We won't stay here again. For the casino, we had good luck one day on the slots but it took a very long time for a cocktail waitress offer us drinks. We were even playing $10 a spin in the high limit room. We ended up buying most our drinks due to horrible cocktail service for $8-$10 each on top of what we lost. All in all, we won't be back to MGM Grand. Their staff was uninterested in making the guest stay enjoyable and MGM seems to be laughing all the way to the bank.
1	MGM was a pretty awful place to stay this past weekend in Vegas, 4/24 - 4/27. I've stayed in Cosmo and Encore previously and both blow MGM out of the water. I seriously should've saved my money and stayed at the airport Travelodge. The casino smells like a weird combo of smoke (standard) and The Victoria's Secret Vanilla Lace scent that all 7th graders used in 2002 (kinda weird/gave me painful pubescent flashbacks). Our room on the first floor of the West Wing was like a dungeon. Tiny, gray, and dingy with low ceilings. The one window in the room looked out into a barren area between buildings, with a single cactus growing. The view was so bad that it actually became a joke on our trip. The lighting was dim and cheap-- it was impossible for 2 girls to get ready comfortably. The bathroom area has no door so have fun getting extra comfortable with your roommate's bodily functions. There are doors to the toilet and shower area, but they don't go from floor to ceiling and they slam shut every time. No robes.No iPod dock. Crappy toiletries that you won't want to take home Tiny and fuzzy TV screen in the bathroom mirror-- try again MGMHeard absolutely everything in the halls like there wasn't a wall Water only got warm sometimes Did I mention the view of a single cactus? There was absolutely nothing luxurious about this hotel, and my friend and I paid more for it than any other hotel we've stayed at in Vegas. There are Best Westerns in Minnesota with more modern fixtures. The only good thing about our room was that the bed was super comfortable. Also, Hakkasan and Craftsteak are great. Never again MGM. Bye.
5	I stopped by the Beauty Shop inside the MGM Grand during my stay. At first I didn't have anything in mind to purchase, more or less just browsing. I was greeted by a lovely lady(whom I forgot the name, whoops) that introduced the Forever Flawless line to me. Facial care with diamonds in it?? Sounded too good to be true. She then sampled a couple creams onto my face.. the results were amazing! At this point, I wanted to try everything! Although they probably would've let me, i didn't want to be that annoying person. She was very patient and kind with me while I explained to her my problem areas and concerns. I ended up purchasing their basic products along with the "Black line". My skin has never looked so good! (being that i am 48) I have recommended a couple of my friends to stop in that will be at the MGM this weekend. I will definitely be revisiting on my next stay at the MGM. What an extravagant experience!
4	In a nutshell, this place is pretty good as far as giant resort casinos go.  It is a long walk from parking to registration to room, but once we got checked in and settled, it was better.  The hotel (resort) has everything you need so in theory you could stay there the whole trip and feel like you had a great vacation.  It's in a good location and a quick walk to NYNY or even Excalibur to get on the tram to Mandalay.  It is within walking distance to several shops and quick bite (ie fast food) restaurants, which is nice when you're not trying to be too fancy.  We mostly played poker, and it was a good time.  The staff and dealers were all very nice and both my husband and I did well, which makes it hard to critize, but I will anyway.  My biggest beef is that the "poker room" is not a room.  It's a roped off spot on the side of the casino.  I wish it felt like poker players were more valued, but it is what it is.  Other than that, we had a great stay.  The cafe made a mean club sandwich, I mean it was loaded with bacon and the bread was toasted just right.  Perfect.
4	I enjoyed my stay here, very nice room. Has everything you want all in one spot.
4	The hotel is nice. It's gigantic. The rooms are great. Recently done over and good sized.There are great restaurants inside, I've never seen the shows there but have heard  good things. The pool is awesome. Great area. Huge with a large lazy river and several other pools. Down side is the casino smells like smoke more than some of the newer spots. It's a great party hotel, awesome for a bachelor party more than a romantic weekend. But overall, a great spot.
2	10-508 suit. The MOST uncomfortable bathroom/WC that I've ever seen!! The "view" is disappointing too. Don't take it.
3	I stayed here during my first visit to Vegas. We picked this place based on a referral from a friend. Our view from the room was not that great since we saw the roof next door; but the mountains could be seen in the background! There were tons of notable restaurants inside like Top Chef's Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak, Emeril's Seafood & Creole Cooking and many more. Of course they have the buffets, restaurants for a quick bite, clubs, lounges, casinos and other attractions.All in all, I slept well, the room was clean, the concierge desk was helpful and they had a shuttle that took you to and from the airport.
2	This has become the hip hop hotel on the strip. If you're into that you'll love it here, otherwise stay away. I had dinner at Hecha en Las Vegas. That was about the worst Mexican I ever had. Rooms were nice, pools were fine, not too crowded. It seems MGM is trying to brand itself toward a younger, high energy, party crowd. So there is constant loud tween music in elevators, casino floor and pool area. The clientele have become a bit more low class.Not to mention the stampede after an alleged shooting right after the Mayweather fight.
3	This isn't the greatest of Las Vegas hotels but it isn't the worst.  It's a nice end of the strip location easy to get in and out of and also held the annual ACM awards which is why I was here at the casino to begin with.  Really enjoyed all the festivities around that weekend!
1	Stayed here for a couple of nights last week and was very disappointed. This place is an suppose to be an icon on the Las Vegas strip however its more like the icon that was. My concers are:1. Check in:Its a 45+ minute wait to check in regardless of when you arrive. Lines are 3 deep. Once I got to the front I walked over to the open teller and expected welcome to Las Vegas sorry about the long wait. Instead he started with you are suppose to wait till you are called. Nice welcome!2. Smoke: The smoke in the casino area is so strong that 4 in our party started to get ichy eyes and throats the second day. You cant avoid it since you have to go through the casino to get to the resturants and conference center, pool etc. We played on the tables and then went looking for a better casino. 3. Pool:Sat by the lazy river pool and around 2 pm decided to order food. Asked the waitress if we could and she said she cannot take food orders only drinks. Went to the pool side resturant and was told they were closed for lunch. (at 2 pm mind you) Was directed to a food take away bar and tried ordering food however to order food you have to have a photo id with you. You dont need said photo id to order drinks 2 feet away from this bar. Our bar tab was over a hundred but we cannot get a $14  burger without id even though I am staying in the hotel and have a room key on me. Decided to try out the lazy river and it jam packed with people standing in it. So as your tube goes by they make it a game to push you around. Not very fun. Overall this hotel seems unequipped to handle the number of rooms it has and its staff is crumbling. There are way better hotels and casinos to visit in the area. Stay far away.
4	MGM is actually a very nice hotel and one of my favorites when I come to vegas. All the rooms are great, lots of tables and the pool is amazing. There is even a lazy river. Definitely recommend when visiting vegas.
2	My friends and I do a big annual trip to Vegas, booking multiple rooms at a time. We figured we'd give MGM a shot since they just had their grand renovations. And I have to admit I'm disappointed. The rooms were pretty standard. Nothing grand about them. The only two "luxurious" things about the room were the black out blinds and marble in the bathroom. The door to our room wouldn't even lock behind us! I've never been in a hotel where you have to push the door so it latches, so I'm not sure if the hinges just aren't as powerful as they should be. We could also hear our next door neighbor blow drying their hair, and we thought it was coming from our room. That's how close they were. Several times we would hear someone knocking on a door, opening or closing a door, and it sounded like it was our door again. Not to mention the hallways are FREEZING cold! I've heard people talk about how awesome the lazy river is here, but honestly it was disgusting. The water was so dirty that my group and I only made one lap around the river and jumped out. Never to return to the pool again. I'll personally never return to the MGM as a guest again and will certainly not book our annual group event there either. Totally disappointed, I had very high hopes for the MGM Grand.
4	Definitely the bench mark in Vegas.Vegas' largest hotel can cause you to become slightly lost within it's friendly confines. My girlfriend and I were no different. And on that hot Tuesday night we were feeling parched. In true Vegas fashion.. a bartender when asked if we could have a glass of water, instead offered to fill our keeper glass that my girlfriend had from the Rio with ice and water for us.I wish I remembered his name, but he was a God send.MGM is a clean, huge, beautiful hotel with plenty to offer guest and visitor alike.
5	I lost my car keys at MGM...and I cannot express enough how helpful and absolutely wonderful the Lost & Found staff were as well as security.  They comforted me when I was an absolute wreck, and were such a support as I was panicking.  They were completely professional but also very compassionate and so willing to go out of their way to help.  Security Officer Marcus Morrison was the best help I could ask for.  He did everything he could for me and seriously gave me the best service I've ever had at any hotel.  They ultimately found my keys the next day and Officer Morrison was able to give them to me himself.  I was so thrilled...not just with the find but with the overall experience and how the staff especially Officer Morrison treated me and my situation.  Officer Walker in Security also was such an incredible help to me and truly assisted me with such professionalism and a genuine will to help me out.  I live in Vegas...but if I were to use a hotel I would pick MGM just based on how gracious the staff was to me.  I am truly thankful.  THANK YOU Officer Morrison, Officer Walker, and staff!!
4	I come to Vegas a lot and I've stayed at many different resorts. MGM has been by far one of my favorites. The location isn't the best, personally, but it is a very nice hotel. Checking in went fairly fast. We had made a reservation for 4 people. The receptionist was very nice. Not once did she mention what kind of room we were in. I figured we would get 2 beds since the reservation was for 4 people. We walk up to the room and one of the keys didn't work. I've had this happen to me at the Flamingo and it was a nightmare. The other key worked and we walked in the room to find that they gave us a King bed. How the hell are 4 girls supposed to fit in one bed? I called downstairs and they said they could do nothing about it. At this point I was furious as they wouldn't even give us a roll away bed because they don't have any. Later that night we were crammed and irritated. I went down and spoke to a very nice gentleman who was a night manager. He was understanding that I demanded another room. He moved us to a 2 queen bed room. Seriously if it wasn't for that manager I would be writing a 1 star review. The room was pretty nice and really clean. It was also really spacious and had plenty of room for 4 girls to get ready. The resort is beautiful. I'd recommend this place overall just make sure you know what type of room you're getting  before you drag your stuff up to the room.
4	My first trip to vegas, we stayed here in the west wing rooms, they were gorgeous, quiet and clean. The hotel is huge, but very easy to navigate, and the west wing provides quick and easy strip access while bypassing the casino. this end of the strip is less heavily trafficked so it's a great spot to get a bit away from the crowds after hours of dealing with them further down the strip.The food court and shops are convenient. The pool area is huge and lush. The staff are friendly and very accommodating. This is more a mid-priced hotel, and my only complaint is the rose air freshener they pump into the lobby, it smells like old lady perfume.
1	Just so you know - I have stayed at the MGM at least 10 trips and have found it to be a 3-4 star experience.  This last trip was different and not good. They put me in the WEST TOWER and it was terrible - tiny room, bad lighting, bathroom mirror build in light was blinding, safe was locked in the open position (unusable) lounge chair had large rip in seat fabric. Stayed 4/6 thru 4/10 during a convention. However - the rest of the hotel is great, great restaurants and best of all - they have a direct MonoRail station at the MGM.  Stay at the MGM - just don't allow them to put you in the "WEST TOWER".
5	I'm coming back don't worry. Trip was planned out for Fresno, but I had the option of a 4 hour layover in Vegas and took advantage of it by putting $100 on black and winning a horse race (thanks Lindy!!) I can't WAIT to come back to Vegas!!!!!!!! #letsgetit
4	Keep in mind, that hectic things make me nervous, but the MGM was nice.  I didn't mind the ridiculous amount of people packed in here.  They had everything available, slots, blackjack, what ever you can think of.  Ventilation is pretty good too, and there is a Starbucks.I just love how the building is designed inside, and out.
5	I may be partially bias in this review because I stayed here during the World Championship Rodeo, so you may want to take that into account a bit. This place is uh-mazing!!! There are a plethora of restaurants, entertainment options, and so much more here! You can even go watch TV shows and get paid for it! HAKKASAN is the bomb.com here as well! That was probably the best night club in vegas willing that Pure was not having a party or famous DJ there. I will definitely stay here again! I used to stay at the Cosmopolitan, mainly because of past referrals, but MGM knocks the Cosmo out of the water for a far less price! If you want more relaxation go to the Cosmo, but MGM is where the party is!
4	The lines to check-in was long and it was 20min wait to get the room. I stayed at executive queen suite on Mother's Day. The room is like a suite w/ living room and includes sofa bed. It's very nice and updated suite. The bathroom had a shower and tub w/ shower faucet kinda weird and 2 double sinks. Its a nice size bathroom. Our view was the rooftop. The queen beds were kinda soft. The best thing about the room is the wifi. Also, our room was a short walk to elevator. The casino floor looks different since they got rid of lions den (now a sports bar), less slots and tables, Starbucks in middle of floor, redo of food court, added hakkasan club. It's across from New York casino and Tropicana. The self parking is long from parking to reservation desk. Otherwise, I had a nice pleasant stay at MGM Grand.
4	Hello,My husband and I recently stayed at the MGM Grand, we had a wonderful time while we were here. The only thing that was disappointing was the shock when we checked in that we would be temporarily charged $200 just in case we trashed our hotel room. We understand why you have to do this, if we would have known this was going to to happen we would have been more prepared. Because of this hidden cost we had $200 less to spend on our vacation. I asked why we were not told about this fee the man replied "because you booked through a third party." This is very inconvenient and upsetting. Because of this we would think twice before booking here again.
4	Hotel and staff very nice.Bartenders. ..need to be friendlier maybe.Casino is always clean.Not very smokey. Pastry place is so good with very friendly :)I want to always stay here when I come to Vegas.
4	We come to Vegas every year for my Birthday. This year we decided to stay at the MGM Grand. The reviews were pretty good, as I understood it was one of the newer and nicer hotels on the strip, and I was also excited to check out Hakkasan night club, since I knew Tiesto was the resident DJ there. We arrived on a Wednesday around 3pm. Check-in line was about 10 mins, which is not unreasonable at a large hotel. The guy who checked us in was polite but not what I would call friendly. I mentioned we were celebrating my birthday which didn't get any reaction out of him, not that it's a big deal I mean it's MY birthday so I'm the one that gets to be excited. We booked a pretty basic room in the west wing tower. The room was comfortable, very average. Lighting was dim in the room but great in the bathroom. We did have automated blinds and a huge window that provided plenty of natural light, yet there were windows of the other rooms close by which eliminated privacy with open blinds. The mattress was not uncomfortable, but did give me shoulder pain for 3 days after we left. We were there for 5 nights, and I am spoiled, taking into consideration I sleep on a Tempurpedic at home. I enjoyed the pool, although the lazy river is not the cleanest, but a few Coronas will make you not care. Wet Republic was disappointing. Long security process to get in which I thought was silly, and on the inside is a very warm shallow pool and a bar with unusually expensive alcohol. And no of course you can not bring your drink in there unlike everywhere else. We thought we were going to a "pool party" but I wouldn't really call it a party at all. Although maybe it was a bad Saturday. Hakkasan was amazing. We got to see Tiesto, and it was a great way to start my birthday celebration. We got on the guest list and in for free, of course the line to get in was an hour and a half but we got in right before he came out. HE was worth the wait. Overall the staff and security at the hotel was polite yet once again not friendly. We did ask for fresh towels and toiletries since we keep the "do not disturb" sign on the whole time during our stays, and it was brought up quite quickly. There was an issue with our sink being clogged when we first got to the room, it was addressed right away, although the lady which answered the call said she's not sure when they can get up there because she wasn't sure how many other tasks they had to perform, once again not friendly. What bumped this review from a 3 star to a 4 star one is the guy who attended us at check out. They take a $200 deposit for the room if you are paying with a debit card and not a major credit card, but you can use that to cover things that you charge to your room during your stay, so I wanted to make sure to do an in-person check-out to look at the bill and what I had spend. I'm pretty sure the guys name was Nui. I overheard the lady in front of us giving him attitude and speaking rudely to him, and despite that he greeted us with the friendliness I did not experience throughout the hotel during my stay. He was cheerful, chatty, asking us about our trip and how it went, advising us about luggage storage and asking us if we needed transportation without us asking. He inquired about our stay and we mentioned the cable going in and out every 15 mins, we were quite nice about it. He was apologetic and explained that they upgraded their system and its possible there's an issue with the wires not being all the way in. Because of that and him seeing the plumbing issue in the beginning of the stay he gave us a refund of $136 although we had used the full $200 charging things to the room. It was unexpected and such an amazing gesture to compensate for our small inconveniences. It's very seldom that everything goes 100% perfect when you are staying at such a big hotel for a period of 5 nights, but it is service like that that separates a 4-5 star hotel from the other ones. I wish you guys could clone Nui. Customer service is so important and he really did made me feel like the MGM is a place I would like to come back to. This review was written solely because of us running into Nui, and although it ended up very long, its all really a compliment to him for his great service.
1	If I were a twenty-something gansta player, I would have thoroughly enjoyed MGM.  Alas, I'm a 40-something midwesterner in town for a business conference.  And this demographic is not catered to at MGM.  MGM is a solid resort; the rooms were very nice, and except for the 2-inch shard of glass my bare foot discovered by the bed, the room was tasteful, clean and altogether pleasant.  Check-in was relatively fast & courteous.  (My conference was at Mandalay Bay but I've been there before and wanted to experience someplace new.)The clientele were generally friendly, provided each sentence included at least some level of profanity and the topic of conversation revolved around the latest DJ spinning at Wet Republic. Not knowing any DJs, anywhere, I was quite the old square.  (Notice all the reviews here mentioning DJs?  I rest my case.). MGM provided free wifi which is nice.  This was appreciated by the groups of young zombies who sat together, each staring into their respective smartphones rather than conversing.The pool is truly amazing and has something for everyone.  The lazy river caters to those re-living spring break while the other pools were excellent for lounging or getting wet.  The bartenders around the pools were friendly and helpful but the young ladies in short-shorts carrying beer buckets to the loudly inebriated were not.  I'm reluctant to call them servers or waitresses as I spent 2 days by the pool and lazy river and was not once asked if I'd like a drink despite waving my arms like a maniac.The casino was clean and inviting.  I'm a craps guy & the tables were good with a mixed crowd that was generally fun to play with and only occasionally interrupted by the obnoxious clientele.The night life at MGM generally caters to 3 demographics; a) the young, fat ghetto chick stuffed into a tiny dress that barely, but not always, covered their butt; b) amazingly beautiful 20-something women waiting for someone to notice them so that they could ignore them; and c) hordes of young, loud gangsta wannabes trailing after either group.  (I am not a club goer; this is merely my observation from the clientele parading thru the casino to wait in line for 3 hours outside of Hakesan. This had the unfortunate affect of transforming Centrifuge from my hope of an upscale lounge into a kiddie waiting room.)The women I didn't speak with were either category A or B as described above, and neither would give you the time of day, even if you were innocently just asking for the time of day; the very definition of pretentious.  (Lest you think I'm just an old fatty, I'm a former collegiate athlete & ran the Tough Mudder just for kicks before my conference.)Whisky Down was a great little side bar that made outstanding cocktails; well made with fine ingredients.  The clientele here were generally retired, which though not my generation, was a welcome relief to the hip-hop.The restaurants were outstanding.  The beef tartar and lobster bisque at Craftsteak is worth killing for...which was nearly the case because if that 25ish chap in the ill-advised suit had slumped any further from his stool & spilled my soup...The Tap sports bar did what sports should do, provided a good burger, beer and a couple hours repose to enjoy the game.  A couple of pilsners helped improve my disposition despite the 2 surly "ladies" next to me at the bar.  "Excuse me, is this seat taken?"  "Hmmph" with eye roll.  Despite their obvious inebriation, they were able to cheer on the Blackhawks with a very colorful vocabulary.I must add the disclaimer that Vegas is a late night town and most of my experience was before midnight.  That said, returning to MGM about 12 on a couple nights, the demographic I mention previously did not diversify but simply multiplied.MGM is not a bad place at all, it simply was not a place suited to my tastes.  If you're a twenty-something, hardcore partier, rock on! & enjoy the MGM.  If you're a 30/40-something professional, pay the extra price for a more upscale, mature locale.
5	This is one of the best hotels to stay at in Vegas. Location is perfect, right on the strip close to all the other iconic hotels - New York New York, Monte Carlo, Caesar's, Luxor, Monte Carlo, among others and it's got everything you could want. The rooms have recently been renovated and even their "basic" room is comfortable and let's be honest you just need a place to pass out because you can't sleep in those nice comfortable chairs at the sports book! The pool area is fantastic too, we've rented a cabana here before and they seriously take good care of you and you can't beat the lazy river. The MGM can get busy on holiday weekends, or even just a usual Friday afternoon/night check in, but there's a reason for that, it's popular because it's one of the best, and you can usually find good deals online making it an affordable experience. I would recommend the MGM for anyone making a trip to Vegas.
5	Amazing! There for a business Trip with Arbonne International! Treated like royalty! Love it.
3	I liked a lot about the MGM Grand. The room I stayed in was updated and very comfortable, which is probably the most important thing to look for in a hotel. There were a few minor flaws with the room, including the ridiculously bright bathroom light (it was a migraine-maker, and it was the only option. Nothing like getting up to pee in the middle of the night and flipping on a floodlight). And there wasn't a fridge, other than the mini bar, which you can't store stuff in. But the beds were comfortable and the decor was stylish enough. In addition, the staff was excellent. Everyone I spoke with was very friendly and more than willing to help with any request. This was true across all job titles, including the hotel itself, casino, pool, and convention center. We had an issue with the tub, and they sent maintenance up immediately to check it out. Seriously, it was like 5 minutes. When he arrived, he was great, fixed the problem, and left us some chocolates! But there are a few big problems here. The wi-fi in this hotel is abysmal. Wi-fi is important to me, and the fact that this huge hotel with a conference center can't provide it adequately is shameful. It's 2014. I felt like I was trying to use dial up in 1996 but mom kept picking up the phone. And when you arrive at the hotel, an employee hard sells you on checking your bags in case your room isn't ready yet. Don't cave, there's no need to check your bags before you try to check in. If the room isn't ready, the front desk can hold your bags. But my only real qualm was with the wi-fi, and that is a huge qualm.
2	My boyfriend and I just stayed here Tuesday-Friday. The AC: sucked! I like for it to be cold. We never turned off the AC from 65 degrees our entire time there, and I was STILL hot. Room service: is ridiculously expensive. I ordered shrimp Alfredo. I wanted extra shrimp, until they said each shrimp would be $5 extra. --SERIOUSLY?! Front desk: NEVER answered. We called to ask if we can get a later checkout. Out of the 4 times we called, nobody answered. The shower: expect to be in there for a while. Feels like you're showering a 1 month old from how soft the water comes out. Valet: super friendly. Housekeeping: prompt. Guess we'll be staying at planet hollywood next time.
1	HORRIBLE experience!  We requested a non-smoking room and were directed to the wrong elevator on the opposite side and finally after numerous hotel employees giving us wrong directions we found the room.  The room wreaked of cigarette smoke and looked completely dirty.  We called to request a room transfer because I have asthma and the hotel employee stated that our key would be automatically activated to open the non-smoking room. When we walked again across the hotel to the new room the keys did not work.  We called the front desk and have been waiting for 30 minutes locked out of our room so far after a 6 hour drive.  Very POOR customer service.  Please save yourself a horrible start to your trip and book elsewhere!!!! Still waiting locked out with no one coming to let us in our pre-paid room:-(
4	Our room was fairly awesome.  I was a big fan of the blackout shade you can drop to make your room impervious to sunlight.The big drawback is the smell.  As soon as you walk in, you are hit with a wave that smells like old lady perfume trying to cover smoke.  It's highly unpleasant.The casino is spacious and smoky.  Should I deduct stars because I lost badly both nights I played here?  Nah.One must-do activity at the MGM is the Television City pilot-rating thing.  You watch a TV pilot and rate it while it plays.  Afterward, you get some coupons for discounted food.  But it's awesome to share your opinion on new TV shows.The buffet is decent, but avoid the disgusting Avenue Cafe.  This is an awesome place to hang your hat during your time in Vegas.
3	Decent casino, once you actually get in. Single turn lane to get onto property from the Strip and a gigantic and confusing parking garage situation turns this into a time-consuming process.Good selection of dining, snack, and drink options, including a Starbucks on the floor, a pie dessert place, Fat Tuesdays for frozen drinks, and a wok/sushi place that looks rather upscale.Floor of slots is kept clean and has a lot of variety, but I played and was in the area for over three hours and was never approached by employees or offered a drink. Found that very odd.Bathrooms were very clean and well-located, lobby is palatial and check-in counter features giant screens behind them playing music videos, which is pretty fun. This is definitely a place for young partiers to stay, the floor was constantly congested with girls whose breasts were falling out of their tops and women who were flat-out falling as they made their way back to their rooms. Not my kind of place to stay, but I will visit.
1	Come stay at the MGM Scam. Seriously worst hotel experience ever. For the money, it's just plain robbery, and we've had better service at a Motel 6.Long story short, we made a reservation, but that didn't matter. We were put in the South Tower, and told it was an "upgrade" by the attendant from the West Wing. Afterwards we found out where we reserved our room was better by far, so we were flat out lied to. Then in our crap overpriced room, there was no fridge, no storage, and no lights in the shower. We were surrounded by college drunks sharing rooms, with garbage and empty pizza boxes in the hallway.On top of this, be prepared to pay a $28 per day fee, which was explained as mandatory for all guests. This is for spotty wifi service. Yes that's $28 a day for wifi. We also paid $43 for a quesadilla from room service... A single quesadilla.This was also our anniversary. We explained this hoping to get a little better treatment, or at least a discount, but no, just a $75 dollar voucher which didn't even cover the wifi.If you want to come to Vegas, don't stay here, and don't come longer than a day. It's fun for about 5 minutes, until you get puked on, both figuratively and literally, by apparently the finest Vegas has to offer.
3	Mgm is a huge place! The hotel is very nicely appointed with larger than average rooms. The casino is large (Grand) and has many things to offer
4	The first important thing about a hotel is the bed. I love the bed here. The second important thing about a hotel is safety.. Not so sure about this one since our door was open by a worker randomly when we were taking a nap inside. The third important thing about a hotel is service. Our room was not cleaned during the two nights we stayed. We were a little disappointed.Well.. four stars for the nice bed, reasonable price and nice river pool.
4	Got a good deal for a few days after Memorial Day weekend. Hotel is nicely appointed, clean, comfortable and the non-smoking rooms don't have that lingering smoke smell you might find elsewhere. Great pools and a good selection of restaurants. It's super convenient that you can charge back to you room from other MGM properties like Aria, New York New York, Monte Carlo, Excalibur, and Mandalay Bay. If you plan to spend/gamble a lot, get an mLife card for points and comps. Biggest downfalls were a long check-in, weak a/c in the room, and forget about trying to get a down elevator during check-out time if you're anywhere but the top floor. After having 5 full elevators pass us by, we had to catch an up elevator and ride it back down. I'd recommend for anyone looking for a good deal and easy access to nearby hotels.
5	Stayed here for 2 nights and it was fun!!! The Buffett was really good. Excellent customer service. Very neat and clean. Seen David Copperfield show. It was cool. I really had a blast!!! I would come back again
4	24 hours in Vegas and 1 reason I wanted to stay here was the pool. Aside from their dayclub,  this hotel offers several other pools including a nice size lazy river with an amazing waterfall. MGM also allows guests to bring in your own alcoholic beverage as long as it's not in a glass container, awesome! One hotel room key is good for you and one guest.Service was a little slow for checking in at 3 am and surprisingly the line was pretty long. We originally booked our room for 2 nights but were only charged for one night...I'm assuming for the late/early check-in. We were also upgraded (for no extra charge) to a 2 queen suite. Bonus!If you're looking for glitz and glam this hotel isn't for you but this hotel has a lot to offer in their pools alone.
2	I have been a guest of the MGM Grand since it opened. I left about 3 years ago to stay at other hotels for a lot of reasons. We are gamblers and have never had to pay for our room or meals. So this review is to help management and those who have never stayed there. The rooms have been remodeled and new bedding. Even though the temperature out side never got above 100 before memorial day. The room never cooled off enough to sleep under the covers. We had to keep the black out down to keep out some of the heat. The provided refrigerator was full of things that were way over priced. and had a $50.00 restocking charge? I wondered if I took a bottle of water if it was going to cost me $58.00?. I ran my hand over the top of the mirror in the bath and dust poured down. I let it hang for a week and it never went away. Not a lot of attention to detail for a high end resort. The ceiling above to sink had stains and  built up grime.     The pillows were very big and hard. We called and received smaller pillows that were low quality foam.     Everything at the hotel is way overpriced for what you get. It was a holiday weekend so I expected a crowd. The problem is the layout of the hotel and surrounding area cannot handle the traffic. The valet was a really long wait, as much as twenty minutes  as was the taxis.  Bringing our car back from an outing we had to wait to just get to the valet drop off. Lines to all of the food service was really long. Lines to everything was to long. When the foot traffic was slower, there were less people to serve you. So if you wait for off peak hours you don't save a lot of time because the staff has been cut down. We had a lot of room service so we didn't have to stand in line for 45 minutes to an hour. Room service was faster and pretty good for the price by comparison. We had VIP passes that allowed us to go to the head of the lines and that earned us a lot of stares that were not friendly. We chose not to use the passes because it made us feel uncomfortable. I really don't think I will stay there again even though I have made friends over the years with a lot of the staff in the gaming area. 5034 rooms plus convention and concerts are to much for the floor plan. I was knocked down in the restroom. Bumped into countless time by drunks. Stepped on in the crush of the people running .      Cost is not a factor for us, but I come from humble roots and even though I have the means to pay for anything I want. I will not be robbed in the name of a resort. I don't see MGM lowering their prices because they have a line waiting to pay. Good luck, You'll need it.
4	The men wanted to see the slot machine that hadn't hit in like 20 years, or something like that.  Fine, whatever you guys want to do, the ladies are going to go shopping.Parking is crazy, huge parking structure.  Take a picture of where you park, it's just so much easier that way.  We started out downstairs, where some of the restaurants and clubs are.  Very nice area, super clean.  Oh and there's a Fat Tuesday there, which the men were super happy about.We come up into the lobby and HOLY CRAP...the line to check in was insane!  This was on Monday--- Memorial Day!  The line snaked around the huge gold lion in the middle of the huge lobby. Crazy.So we left the guys at some video poker, and we went and did some window shopping.  There are some cute stores, with an assortment of goodies to purchase.  The Wedding Chapel was pretty, if you're into that kind of thing.There's a Starbucks down where the candy store is, and it was pretty good.  Didn't have raspberry syrup though, not that that's a deal breaker.On the way out (a couple of hours later) we passed through the lobby again, and the check in line was all the way out to the lobby doors.  WOW!Didn't get a chance to see the rooms or anything, but what we did see was pretty nice!
4	It my was first time staying in MGM Grand Hotel, so my girls  and  I stayed in a  two queen bed grand room. The first thing a lady would noticed is always the bathroom. I love the newly renovated and will lighted mirror because it had perfect light for getting ready for a day or night out. Also, it was spacious. I enjoyed how the concierge  and the front desk would check on us when we checked in and checked out of the hotel.  I was impressed because when I stayed in Venetian I never had this approach from their concierge or front desk staff eventhough we stayed in a Bella Suite. I gave it a star deduction because when I opened the bedside table. There was two crunched up used kleenex tissues in the first drawer, which I understood that it was hard to spot for the housecleaning staff. Therefore, I called the frontdesk and mentioned about it. When my girls and I were out and about, we asked the housekeeping staff to clean our room. When we get arrive back to our "clean room," I expected that the used crunched up kleenex  should have been taken out because I already mentioned about the incident to the front desk from previous night that we checked in.  When I opened the drawer where the used kleenex, there it was staring at me.  LOL I am not touching that used kleenex because I am fully aware of VRE and MRSA ( you know what I am implying if you are working a healthcare field LOL).  Surprisingly, the housekeeping did not AGAIN spot the dirty kleenex in the bedside table drawers. Anyways, I took 1 star off because of housekeeping. Overall, I enjoyed the stay. Espicially, the Hakassan nightclub bouncers and security staff were friendly because they do look after their guest. I am very thankful for their help! We will be back again. Thank you MGM Grand Hotel
5	This is my favorite hotel ,been coming here for years, you can always catch me in their sports book, for some reason i win here, it's a cool place to visit, if your a boxing fan, then you got to visit the mgm. i enjoy everything about the mgm, its close to everything on the strip.
4	Stayed here several times and at various MLife hotels but finally stopped being lazy and got my MLife card re-printed to earn points for all the money I spend in LV.  Stayed here recently for MDW - had a good time enjoying the sun and laying out at the pool.  I liked that there are various pool areas.Kudos to the dancing DJs - they played great music and they were fun to watch.Recommendation - would be nice if there was more option for food in the pool area.  Also, would like if there were more options for non-alcoholic drinks other than a strawberry daiquiri - I was craving smoothies and had to walk back into the casino to buy it.  Considering the pool area catered to family and kids, I think smoothies would be a hit.The room was nice - had a queen double.  I liked the fact that Wi-Fi was included - I wish more hotels would include it in the cost of the room - we spend enough already when in LV.  I definitely would stay here again when the price is right,It was also the first time I flew to LV - normally I drive from Cali but didn't want to deal with the traffic going home. Flying was worth it.
4	Review based on Stay-Well Rooms.I have stayed at MGM three times in the 20 years it has been around. Damn, that's a long time.  I remember when it was a Wizard of Oz theme, complete with rainbows and yellow brick roads. Does anyone else remember that? Well, the yellow brick roads have come and gone, along with that awesome theme park out back.... But who really wants to go to a theme park in 100 degree weather anyways?  Nowadays it's modern with a touch of that old-school Golden Lion charm.  The square footage has only gotten bigger, oh wait it hasn't? Damn, this place is huge!  Restaurants are bountiful with everyone under the sun opening up shop at this mega-resort..... You have Michael Mina, Tom Colicchio, Emril Lagasse, plus others.  Hell, there is even a Rainforest Cafe. HAHA!  The Buffet is pretty generic, it always was. Yawn! The pool is anything but though.  It's large and complete with a lazy river.  Any pool that comes with a lazy river is golden in my book.  For you twenty somethings that come to Vegas to party, Wet Republic is one the best day clubs in town.  Not as great as Encore Beach Club, but Wynn always does things bigger and better, so that's not really a fair comparison! Hakkasan is here and the prices are so silly, it's hard to take it seriously.  Men can expect to pay $100 for entry on a weekend, and wait up to three hours to get in.  I guess there is a price to pay when Calvin Harris and Tiesto are the resident DJ's.  The monorail out back gets you to places a little quicker, but at $5 one way per person, you are better off to cab it. The rooms and guest experience is what made my stay at MGM worthy of 4 stars, even though Mirage is an overall better hotel.  I checked in very late and the front desk agent was so helpful and attentive, he even waived my $25 resort fee.  He didn't have to do it, but since I was there so late, he went out of his way to make sure I got value out of my stay.  Very classy on his part.  He even upgraded me to a Stay-Well room.  I had no idea what that meant, but when I arrived in my room, they were sure to remind me. The room had an air purifier, a Vitamin-C shower and many more little touches.  The beds were ok..... Mirage's beds were much more comfortable, but definitely nothing worthy of a complaint.  The bathroom came with a shower/tub combo, but the bathroom was larger than the one at The Mirage.  Bath amenities were on the upscale end and the room even came with a bath robe.  The desk was well laid out and had plenty of USB plug-ins and outlets.  While MGM isn't necessary a top pick when it comes to Las Vegas rooms, a one night refresher in this room definitely puts it on my Vegas radar next time I want a nice room with superior guest service.
4	Got a suite for my wife and kids on the way to Arizona.  Suite was awesome and my kids loved how big and spacious it was.  The casino was awesome and the kids loved the lazy river.
5	I've got to say, I was a little apprehensive that Vegas would be a bit tacky and possibly a bit too 'in your face' for me but after staying in the MGM I truly loved the place! The hotel was beautiful, sheek, well laid out and the rooms were stunning with fantastic views. I found American service left much to be desired in many places but every place I visited in the MGM the service was friendly and much faster! I was pleasantly surprised that regardless of allowing smoking the casino maintained a clean, clear atmosphere unlike a few others sadly. The facilities available were great athough I didn't get the chance to use them all! Would definately reccomend this place and hope to stay again soon!
4	This is one huge casino. I've been in here many times over the years. This casino has a great location. You could spend your entire vacation here and never leave the hotel.I've seem several concerts here as well. Great venue!
2	I have not stayed at this hotel, but have visited the casino many times. On my most recent visit, I had a strange experience here. As we walked towards the entrances from the strip, there was a strong feces smell, and upon entering the casino, the smell of cologne or Ax body spray hits you in the face. I don't know why they are pumping this scent in here, but it is gross... I could almost taste it.... ugh. On a good note, I did win here! On a bad note, they had no waitresses walking around to serve cocktails. Also, the casino is just too large and easy to get lost in.... it certainly isn't my favorite place, but I will most likely be back again in the future.
5	Love this place. It's great for all ages, and don't get me started on how comfortable the beds are. The service is fast and very responsive.
3	Mgm grand is overated.  Check in takes about an hour.  They charge you a 28 dollar per night resort fee.  The rooms were nice but noisy and loud we were on the 25 th floor and could hear sirens and cars on the atrip.  The a/c doesnt cool the room down enoigh even at its lowest temperture level.
4	By far one of the best places in Vegas to spend your vacation.  With cheap rooms (esp during the week), HUGE casino floor plan, and delicious food, you won't be disappointed.  I left wanting to stay another week, always helps when you win money :)
4	This was our first time in Vegas as adults and our stay at the mgm went by without a hitch! It's a beautiful hotel, lots and lots to do inside. We could have spent our entire 5 days in the hotel and still not done everything!   I was pleasantly surprised that no matter how crowded it was it never felt like I was trying to wade my way through sardines. Pool area is gorgeous, we had a great bartender every morning at the lobby bar (i wish i had gotten his name) room service was on point, restrooms were always clean. I swear every time I went in one they had someone attending to it!  Only draw is that we paid $25 for a resort fee per day for wifi that we had a hard time using.
5	Came here with my friend during the week. We got a great rate on an executive suite and the room was very nice. It was nice and spacious with a large bathroom. Check in was pretty quick and the guy that checked us in was very friendly. The staff throughout our entire stay was extremely nice and very helpful. We also went down to the buffet in the morning to enjoy the unlimited champagne brunch. The pool was very nice and check out was quick as well. I was a little nervous about some of the reviews but my experience was great and would definitely stay here again!
1	Worst, more horrible, awful service and hotel stay I have EVER had. And I travel a LOT. I'm in Vegas 2-3 times a year and have NEVER experienced this degree of incompetency!Ok, now that you understand the degree of awfulness, where to begin:I booked and paid online reservation which includes early check in and late check out (for $60-80 extra) because I knew our plane arrived at noon. We waited in an hour long line to be told that rooms weren't available until 2pm and that she "couldn't see" our early check in reservation. We dropped off luggage with bell desk and went to pub for lunch and a drink and to waste the first 2 hours of our vacation. At 2pm, I called and was rudely informed that check in time was 3pm actually so I still needed to wait some more.At 3:05pm, they finally called to give us our room number. If every single room needed to be available by 3pm, why were we the last to get a room if we had already waited for 3 freaking hours!?!?!We get to room at 3:15 and I call for luggage. Told it will take 5-15 minutes and not to leave the room while we wait for it. After 45 minutes, I call back to be told "oops, our ticket must not have printed so your luggage is still sitting here. It will right up". No apology.Luggage finally arrives around 4:15 (another hour wasted) and the main handle on the large piece of luggage is broken off!! The bell man doesn't mention this but when I see it and ask him he tells me that it was already like that. Um, NO it was NOT.We have finally had enough and call hotel management. Joey, the customer service rep, tells me that she CAN SEE my early check in and out payments, doesn't know why the front desk lady couldn't. SCREAM!. She then offers to refund the resort fees (about $25/day) and 2 free breakfast meals (about $50 value). That is clearly not enough to make up this mess but at this point we are just wanting to get down to the pool and start the vacation.After relaxing and partying for two days, we verify we have late check out so that we can sleep in and catch later flight. We do. Yay! Since we got in about 5am, we needed to sleep past the normal 11am-noon check out. Except apparently the housekeeping staff didn't get this memo, or didn't even bother to check because TWICE that afternoon while we were still trying to sleep, they knocked loudly and entered our room. Yes, entered. The MGM rooms did not have a door lock or deadbolt so without jamming a door under the handle, there is NO way to keep unwanted people from just opening your door and looking inside! They did not apologize, just closed the door and walked off. We tried to go back to sleep. And then they did it a 2nd time. Are you freaking kidding me?!?We go to check out and guess what has NOT been applied to our bill. The refunds. And the front desk tells me that the offer was for 2 free breakfast buffets, not room service, so she will only credit one of them. Again, at this point, I was so ready to get out of there that I didn't care. I will NEVER EVER stay at MGM again and recommend you don't either.
1	An ok place to stay but I wouldn't stay here again or recommend it to anyone else. They accidentally gave away my room to someone else after I left my laptop and a digital SLR camera in the room. Horrible service, long lines for check-in/issues, internet doesn't work (it won't even let me log on) despite a $20 resort fee which pays for it, huge number of rooms and long walks everywhere. I'm about a 20 minute walk from my car which is in the parking garage.
4	The MGM Grand invited me back to stay for a night after my sub par experience last year.  They'd improved in several aspects since my last stay.  The staff was much more polite this time, consistently, and the check in process ran much smoother, notably.  The hotel is still a massive, sometimes over-crowded behemoth, and the valet service is still incredibly slow, but they definitely impressed me more this time than last.
4	Fabulous stay at the MGM Grand! MY husband and I went to Vegas this past week to celebrate our belated honeymoon. From the time we checked into the hotel and throughout the week the service was top notch. I know some of the reviews talk about terrible experiences which would make any traveler weary but we got lucky. It is at the very beginning of the strip so it's a long walk when exploring the entire strip but as it was our first time in Vegas together we wanted to do it all. The pool was great, I liked how he lazy river didn't open until 10:00am making it bearable to get up and get a spot at a decent time. The first day we got a daybed for a pretty good price and received great service from Shell. We went back again the second day and again had a great time. The one thing that was a major pain was the cable in the rooms. It continually cut out, who watches TV in Vegas you may ask? We watched TV while recovering from the sun and getting ready for the night and also watched the first World Cup game making it crazy annoying at the most inconvenient of times. We don't have cable at home so it really wasn't the end of the world. I wish I knew more about the restaurants but unfortunately the only time we ate in the hotel was drunken late night room service. All and all we had a great time and may check out the Skylofts next time.
2	I liked the room. The customer service however was pitiful. The dealers were rude, the waitresses were rude. The valet drivers were rude, etc... Makes me want to spend my money elsewhere next time, that's for sure... No bueno
3	MGM is a decent place to stay if you can get a good rate... Check-in/out is a waiting game, as with any other hotel on the Strip. My room was actually much nicer than I expected, and I especially loved the blackout shades. They really work!... Internet was fairly fast, the minibar selection is good, and I was fortunate to be on a quiet floor.Their higher-end restaurants were also better than expected, except for Fiamma- blecchNegatives included boring, often rude blackjack dealers, poor cocktail service in the blackjack area, very little shade available at the pools unless you purchase a cabana (and, you know, it's HOT in the Vegas sun... there was also very limited waitstaff working the pools), the room air conditioner couldn't keep my room cool, and huge crowds everywhereOverall, if you like staying on the Strip, this isn't a bad place. There are better hotels, and there are certainly worse places
2	Meh..Downhill spiral with the nickle and diming. First the check in line is 30 minutes with only half the stations filled. But if you look at the mlife line there are three attendant's doing nothing and the line is empty.So you get to the front of the line and they say hello and tell you there are no rooms available and the wait is four hours, but to enjoy yourself in the casino.. So I ask "there are no rooms available?" Not at this time but would you like to upgrade? Sure. 12 bucks.. OK week see you back at three. Wait what was the upgrade for? Oh a nice room. But there aren't any available but if you want a room that is done it's $20.. Mlife grants no benefits either unless you blue a lot of cash in the casino.In done with the strip and their tourist based hostage plans. From now on its an off strip property.
3	If your looking to pickup on hot woman MGM is the spot! They also have Hakkasan, the hottest club in Las Vegas. The slot machines don't pay out for shit.
3	I have stayed at the MGM Las Vegas several times over the past 10 years both for business and pleasure. I always enjoyed the great service, food outlets, and nightlife.  My sister and I recently stayed three nights in The Grand Tower. The two-queen room was great. The beds and linen were nice and comfortable and bless the man who installed the blackout curtains. Upon arrival, I did notice that the toiletries were not new. This included a lotion that was half used. Needless to say, I am glad I brought my own. Housekeeping did a great job over the next few days even organizing our makeup on towels.  What disappointed me this stay was the feeling that I had to beg for service. When I got it, it was wonderful, getting it was the problem. The first night we had to practically stand on our heads to get noticed by service staff in the Lobby Lounge. I saw a waitress at the other end of the bar and we waited about 10 minutes before just going up to the bar and ordering our drinks. The bartender was nice and drinks were great but moved on after not being able to find a waitress again. We found our way to the Centrifuge Bar. Again my sister and I stood there twiddling out thumbs for 10 minutes waiting for a bartender to acknowledge us. Again the bartender was nice and the drinks were ok but we did not want to wait for the service staff to get around to us again. We gambled on slots for a good 45 minutes after and not once did I see a waitress. For me gambling a drinking go hand in hand without one the other is not as fun. I was beginning to think that the MGM just did not want me to drink or gamble and I should just go to bed. The next morning we had an early and long day so I decided to order room service. This is something I have done hundreds of times but the sticker shock this time was enough to say I would never stay at the MGM again. I ordered two bagels with cream cheese, two coffees, two bottles of water and a bowl of sliced fruit. The total came to $92.00!!!! Then when I asked her to charge it to the room another thing I have dome a million times and was told I had to pay for it upfront which to avoid any further delay I did. The gentleman that brought the tray was very nice and the food was as exciting as bagels get but for sure not worth the $92.00. The third night we centered on going to the Hakkassan club to see DJ Tiesto. This is where I say I have 10 years as a nightclub manager in a major city and 10 years as a Catering Manager for a popular hotel chain. Nothing kills me then a poorly thought out nightclub. There was hundreds of people in line but being used to Vegas I bought pre-sale tickets. We got in pretty fast. But then came the 5 flights of stairs to get to the first dance floor area. It screamed fire hazard. A further set of stairs led you to a main room, which is where Tiesto was supposed to play. The lay out was 70% VIP Booths 3% Bar (as far as I could see) and the most cramped dance floor I have ever seen (as of that moment). We stayed for about 10 minutes before we decided to go find a drink, which did not happen since we were corralled back into a hallway that led to a stairwell. We decided to take the stairwell to the hip hop room which had a dance floor the size of a condo living room and at least a hundred people trying to dance. We danced for about 10 more minutes, still needing a drink but with  no bar in sight, we left. Again this room was about 70% VIP booths.  It was almost 1am and I would say 80% of those booths were empty. We braved the 5 flights of stairs out of this potential towering inferno and went to the Lobby Bar. At this point, I just wanted to drink and saw the $70 Tiesto tickets as a wash. We arrived at the Lobby Bar to what looked like 4 waitresses huddled at other the end of the bar. Waited......Waited.... And then just went up to the bar. Drinks were good but at this point we just called it a night. One bright note is that I dropped my phone and Lost and Found had it. The breakfast buffet was eh. We ate at Hecho in Vegas which was pretty good. The pool areas were nice and the whole casino in very clean. I just feel like the gold standard is gone and could pay less to get the same at another casino. FYI New York New York had the best Irish Bar ever. Maybe I will stay there next time so I can drink and gamble on my schedule not the wait staff's.
5	Grand tower is luxurious!
5	Love this place the grand rooms are great. Lots of restaurants.  We come here frequently.
2	I stay 3-4 times in Vegas a year.    Don't expect anything super exceptional here, but do expect to spend your extra cash.  I loved my 2 bedroom-south tower suite, but that was about it.  Valet is good, check in not too bad, express check out is great.  The cocktail waitress service is sketchy, (just not enough of them on the floor).  Sports book needs some personality.  And come on, only 1 drink ticket per $100 bet!  Most places will give you 2 for a $50.  The pool was good.  I had an issue with a 2 for 1 offer for KA (which I received as part of my stay offer).  After 15 minutes the best they said they could do was charge me for the most expensive tickets and then they would honor the 2-1... I laughed.  Nowhere in my offer did it say that.   (Just another example of how this place sucks the juice out of your wallet)   Box office sent me to M Life to see what they could do.  The rep (Jan) was rude and unaccommodating.  Kept telling me they only did 30% off while I tried to show her my 2-1 email on my phone, but of course she didn't want to read it.  She had me speak to someone on the phone who apologized and basically said NOPE.  Finally just had to walk away while Jan was still going on and on...Very scammish.  Stay away from Wolfgang Pucks (that's a WHOLE diff story!)  Tried the "real" fitness center but they wanted an extra $10 per day to use it, and that's on top of the dreaded $25 per night resort fee.  The "fake" fitness center was free but only had cardio equip.  Slots don't play or pay with you (as most of the MLife casinos).   As for stays, this place is a one and done for me.
1	Well, the wife and I are not pool people.  We love to go sight seeing, not lay around a pool. I understand that the MGM has "an awesome pool setup", but we could have cared less.When we got there, they sent us to our room, which was a "modern updated" version, complete with 'open sink area' and glass doors to both shower AND a separate glass door for the toilet.  Immediately we said no!   We called down to the front desk and asked for another room.  Of course it cost us $20 more a night (they have to gig you every chance they get).  We moved up one floor and toward the front of the hotel.  The room was more to our taste.  However, the air conditioner had trouble keeping up.  We had to set it on 65 degrees and kept it there all 4 days.  It stayed moderately cool, but never got to ice cold. The tub had issues draining at times, which indicates to me that the hotel is getting old and the plumbing is not up to par.Of course there is the $25 a night charge for "resort fee".  Rapists......The workout room on the 4th floor consisted of a few treadmills, elliptical gliders, and some other funky machine.  No free weights or machine weights or even a pull up bar.The hotel had a certain smell every time we entered from the outside.  No matter which door we came in, it always smelled like they were trying to cover up a musty smell or something.  We went into a lot of hotels on the Strip and none of them came close to smelling like this.This hotel is at the south end of the strip, which makes for longer walks to things. Bottom line is we will not ever be staying here again; first and last for both of us.  I guess we can say that we had sex at the MGM without ever having to take our clothes off !!Oh yeah, Mike, who works the crap tables in the evenings, is an a$$hole.  He will talk about you right in front of you.  Unprofessional.
5	For the last 5 times I been to Vegas in the past 2 years I stood at the MGM 4 times. It feels like my second home , and if I gamble it has to be at the MGM. Love their roulette tables . I know this casino like the palm of my hand. I love that wet republic is here and I can just walk to my room when it's over lol. Love how their Starbucks is open 24 hours .
3	Well I am about to book a room for July 25-27 at the MGM so obviously I like it there. I have been to the MGM so many times now that it feels comfortable to stay there.  However....The last couple of stays we had issues: first issue was when we checked in and got our key, my friends and I went up to the room and when we opened the door we saw 2 people in bed and shoes, clothes and suitcases in the room, apparently the room was double booked. That was VERY awkward and uncomfortable and annoying because that was a long way to carry our heavy bags for nothing. I stayed with the bags on that floor and my friend went down to inform them. They were really nice and apologetic, comped us 2 buffets and sent someone up to take all our bags to the new room. So, I was not too upset Inconvenienced a little but they fixed it.The second issue was that the AC in our room stopped working properly and they had to send some guy up to repair it, he could not fix it so they had him come up with a new one and install it....this was all happening during a 2 hour time period when we had to get ready to go out for the night and meet up with friends, I would have rather they just switched us into another room just like ours that we could get ready in without this repairman staring uncomfortably at us while we are curling our hair and doing our makeup. VERY awkward, again. That particular situation was probably not handled the best way but at least we had working ac again.So here I am, giving them another chance, hopefully all goes well. The  good things about this place is the pool! And the late night food court right there for when you are too drunk, tired or sore to hunt down food elsewhere at 2 or 3 in the morning. There is always a buzz in this casino all day and night, I like that, it makes you feel like you are part of something. You could walk across the street to New York New York to see what is going on and it almost zaps the fun and energy right out of you....too quiet/not much going on. MGM is a lively casino for a younger and middle age crowd, not the right casino if you are looking for a peacful vacation but who really wants that in Vegas!I give 3 stars for now, it is a really nice casino, fun place to stay, more stars will come if my visit in July goes smoothly
2	Nothing really special to this place. Check in was longer than the lines at the airport.  Rooms were just like any others.. nothing fancy. ..... No coffee makers no small fridge although they can give you one on request. The 2 stars are for the pool area selection since my kids were happy. Everything else inside is expensive. Be warned about the $200 security deposit HOLD for property damage. I was told they won't charge me but it's been 4 days since I checked out and still no refund...
3	Wow. I have NEVER been to a hotel quite like this one. I attended the Beachbody Coach Summit in 2014 (for work!) and stayed here since the summit was on their property. When I checked in, I felt like I was at an amusement park as the line was over an hour long!The rooms are pretty big but the entire hotel smells like Vegas. They are people EVERYWHERE.The pluses: GREAT pool (I should say pools) and lazy river and meal options everywhere!
2	I had stayed at MGM 3 times before, and when it came time to book a room, we decided to forgo the cheaper rooms at Hooters or Excalibur in order to have an MGM experience like I had had before.We originally had booked a West Wing King through Mlife, but a day or so later they sent an offer to upgrade to a Stay Well King for only $18 extra a night so we took it. The first issue came at check-in, although admittedly, it may be my own fault. When I booked through Mlife, I could have sworn it said the resort fee was only $18 dollars instead of the $25 it looked to charge elsewhere. We even commented to each other that we would have an extra $14 to gamble with. Once I upgraded my room, my resort fee said $25 a night, but I figured I would clear it up upon check-in. When checking in, the front desk attendant said he had never heard of anything but $25 being charged. It made us question our own sanity as we were sure it said $18 when we originally booked. But again, maybe we just read it wrong. However, when we got to the room we decided to check it out online, only to find the resort charge was now $28, which only made it seem like the front desk clerk was lying to us. The 2nd issue to me was the $200 room security deposit that was not mentioned a all while booking. That would probably be something you want to tell your guests before they arrive, and honestly is $200 the casino didn't get from me as I had planned to blow through all the money I had transferred into that bank account. Well, in hindsight, maybe they did get it from me because I have yet to receive my security deposit back from them. Still waiting. The third issue, and a minor one, is the remote control only worked if you pressed the buttons with the force of a thousand men. Annoying yes, but manageable. The fourth issue, and probably the most inconvenient and troubling was that our toilet backed up and overflowed onto the bathroom floor for no apparent reason. We called the front desk and they said they would send someone up. About 30-45 minutes later we had to call the front desk again and ask if they were going to send someone up so we could use the bathroom. They said they couldn't guarantee when someone was going to be up to fix it. Someone finally came about 20 minutes after the second call and plunged the toilet but did not clean up the floor. They said they would send housekeeping to clean it. Housekeeping never came, and the mess around the toilet remained throughout the rest of our stay, which fortunately was only another half of a day. One the positive side, the bed was nice and the blackout curtains worked.We booked at the MGM for the experience, but afterwards we regretted not saving the money by staying at Hooters. We expected better, and MGM certainly left quite a bit of emptiness in our weekend.
1	I had had two drinks and the slot lady cut me off! I had two drinks after 5 hours, the security guard found nothing wrong with me and the cocktail waitress told me I was only able to drink water!!! This place is cheap as heck and found every reason to nickel and dime me through out our stay. STAY AWAY!!!!!
3	Great hotel but avoid the Wet Republic Club/Pool portion the employees will try to sell you on. It's a 3+ hour wait in line for nothing but an expensive entree fee, expensive liquor and half of your day wasted. Avoid this bullshit at all costs and just go to the regular pool.
3	The hotel is massive, and so was the line while checking in.  It was odd because check-in time was 3:00 and we were there by 11:00.  I wasn't feeling well, so after waiting in line for about 30 minutes (not too bad considering the length of the line) we paid $30 for early check in.  I'll note here that the $25 a day resort fee irks me, as your room rates aren't really as advertised if you are charging a mandatory fee.  If you say: "Hey, you can stay at this hotel for free!  Mandatory resort fees are $350/night though!"  Not really free is it?  I was aware of the fee  ahead of time, but I'm just not happy about it, since I did not use their wifi, their newspaper, or even their cardio room or pool.  When we checked in, they reminded us that we had a $50 food credit.Our room (New Grand King) had a great view of New York New York and Excaliber (I know not every room can have a million dollar view, but ours was good).  The bed and pillows were great, and the furnishings decent.  There was a bit of a rust stain on the bathroom counter behind the faucet and some chipped tile in the tub as well as the shower curtain looking like it was falling apart keeping the bathroom from looking 100%.  The blackout shade was not in it's track the first few times we used it, but after we figured that out, it worked great.  The partial shade stopped working for us though.  When we got our players club card we were told we should charge everything to the room and check with them before checking out to see if anything could be taken off.  We did so, but only losing $200 didn't rate us any comps.  We were asked to sign for the charges to our room and our resort fees, which just had a total, but not an itemized list.  After receiving an email with an itemized list we noticed that the $50 food credit was not taken off.  Billing is closed on the weekends so we will have o wait until Monday to see if it gets resolved.
5	This was my first time staying at MGM  Grand. We had a Loft Room in honor of my daughter's 21st Birthday. We wanted to celebrate in style and MGM grand didn't disappoint! It was a 2 story suite booked by my daughters fiancee. Since it was a loft room, we didn't have to wait in the regular lobby, we had a separate check in and we had our room key available immediately. The room was above and beyond what we expected. It was a 2 bedroom suite with a pool table, bar, concierge, living room, sauna and more. It was an unbelievable experience and the service was amazing. Housekeeping was incredible we stayed in our room most of our stay enjoying all its amenities. Absolutely beautiful room...we will be back in August. Thank you!
3	I have stayed here a few times. The last time there was a ton of construction and rerouting people, it got a little annoying. That being said, average wait time for check in when its busy and not check in time is anywhere from 15-45 minutes. The staff at the desk is always friendly. I usually get the spa suite when I am here and love it to death.  A downside to staying here is the rooms are about a 10-15 minute walk to the pool.  Not a lot of shade, better get there early if you want a spot in the shade.  aside from a few minor things, I would defiantly stay here again
1	They get zero stars we have had our suite now booked for 5+ months we go to check in and they tell us SORRY you have been down graded!!! WTF what Hotel does this???!!! NEVER book here you don't know what you till you check in!!
2	I've stayed at MGM Signature but this was my first time staying at the MGM Grand.  I love the Signature and I would recommend their suites over the MGM but if you do decide to stay at the MGM Grand here's a little warning I wish somebody would have told me. We booked a Jack Pot deal through Southwest. We got a West Wing King. So we arrive at the hotel and check in and begin walking to our room and about 10 minutes later we finally reach the doors entering the west wing. All of a sudden we felt like we were in a college dorm. The carpet was grimy the walls gray concrete The rooms have no view and they're extremely hot. Apparently the air-conditioning doesn't work in the dungeon.  Not ideal for sure but we could have made it work if it didn't take what felt like 30 minutes to get from the lobby to our room!! This place is HUGE so from our room to the pool would have been like half a days journey. We paid some ridiculous upgrade rate to move our room to the Grand Tower just so we wouldn't spend the whole weekend walking back and forth. This is one of those hikes where if your left your phone in the room you'd just say screw it.2nd issue for me was the staff. There were at least two pit bosses and 4 dealers that literally made me want to leave tables.  I've never had so many people scold me for my hand placement or talking loudly with my friends. Apparently being a little rowdy in Vegas is now illegal? There were some dealers that were a lot of fun but overall I would rate the staff at MGM at a 6 out of 10There are much better places to stay in Vegas and for sure better places to gamble.One positive thing I want to make sure to throw in. We rented a cabana on the pool and was very reasonably priced. 800 min food and drink spend. Our waiter Joey was the best. Plus once Calvin Harris came on at Wet Republic they played it over their sound system. We had the best seat in the house. One of my top 5 pool days in Vegas
4	Terrific room in Grand Tower and the casino is slamming tonight! Sexy ladies everywhere. The tables are full. Restaurants and bars are jamming. People partying hard. Totally what Vegas is all about!My company got me a room here a few months ago for a biz trip. I had never stayed here before and did not know what to expect. Walking around MGM all I could think is that this thing is huge! (That's what she said!) This place is one giant maze that I got lost in a few times. Lots of walking.  The restaurants range from celebrity chef endeavors to the standard cafe and even a small food court. The shops are a bit basic and not on the scale of the Venetian and other high end casino resorts. There seems to be about three or four Starbucks locations throughout, and each one could have their own zip code!Some cool bars and clubs here to party in. Brings in a hot looking 20-30 something crowd that offers some sexy eye candy for both men and women. Their pool is a hot spot that's well laid out and offers more terrific views. Uber club Hakkasan Nightcluband KA by Cirque Du Soleil are a must when staying here.Was a breeze checking in at 8pm. My Grand Tower room was super nice, modern, spacious, clean, with a comfortable bed. I was placed in a newly renovated Grand King room and it was the bomb! After unloading my luggage I went down and goofed around a bit on the $1 slots. Immediately hit a $300 winner and used it to go party!What happens in Vegas........
4	got a surprisingly great rate when i found out i had an MLife card that i signed up for a while ago. haven't stayed at MGM in over 10years so it was a welcoming return. got here on a Saturday morning at 830am and there was a line 3 wide, all the way to the casino floor for the baggage check-in. holy moly. convention season is pretty rough. after that kurfufle, check in went pretty smooth. we were able to get a room key in a couple hours. we didn't try to get to the room, just grabbed a drink and hung out for a bit, waiting for the line to die down. after dropping off the bags, headed to pool and spent the rest of the morning there.we got a west wing room which was pretty modern and chic. unfortunately, there was no sink counter area for mama. that part really irked her. room and bed were pretty nice. shower and toilet were separate and fancy. the hallways were pretty freaking long and you had to commit to walking it cause there's no turning back. luckily, elevators were fast and not ever full. the MGM affords a lot of options for both dining, drinking and good times. our second night we pretty much didn't have to leave the property for anything. overall, a pretty cool stay at a great property. might just get a comped room from all the $$$ we spent here. at least, we should! we'll be back.
2	Staying MGM Grand Hotel is not Grand at all. The rooms and hallways have filthy carpet.  My room has no window access and looks like an upscale prison cell! Never again.
5	One of the best hotels to stay in Vegas. Good food and shopping also has a couple Starbucks inside. The only downside was that it was far from everything! We walked to the strip a couple times from the hotel and it was over am hr, but with the nice weather it wasn't such an issue. The beds were comfy and clean, & fast check in & check out
4	The MGM Grand was my first experience staying in Las Vegas and I have to say, for the first time, it didn't disappoint.If you want action, MGM is hopping 24/7 with action. The casino is so huge that I still haven't seen all of the 170,000+ square feet of gaming area. MGM sort of bridges the gap between a great casino and a great resort. It ties both in with a proper attention given to both. You can find very reasonable rates per night there. It's conveniently located at the South end of the strip, so coming from McCarron International, your cab fees will be light. When you pull up to the MGM, you can just sense the rich history of this place. The epic pay-per-view boxing matches, the world-renowned shows, the great concerts, etc. When the sign says "The City of Entertainment," you have no problem believing it. The lobby is a beautiful marble with the MGM lion front and center. It is a grand entrance, which is both breathtaking and elegant. From a gaming perspective, I love that the MGM connects both low rollers and high rollers and doesn't discriminate their table offerings based upon a crowd they're trying to attract, such as The Wynn, The Bellagio, or the Venetian. You can easily still find $5 blackjack tables there, and of course, the $100 tables are always available. The mid-range rooms are very nice. The beds are super comfortable, nice blackout curtains in the afternoon to block out that intense summer time sun. The bathrooms are spacious and luxuriously appointed. Of all the casinos I've visited, the dealers at the MGM have been by far the most cool, down-to-earth, fun, funny and engaged. The casino has many restaurants, including Emeril's, there are day spas, pool and beach area for the kids, and nice shops if that's your thing.I can't think of a better place if you've never been to Vegas and want the experience without laying down a boatload of cash to get it. I will always rotate MGM into my stays in Vegas. It was my first and will always hold a special place in my heart.
5	Fabulous stay. Our room was awesome.   Everything was perfect. Toni our Bellman was fabulous.
4	I stayed here with a bunch of friends and I was really impressed with the service and property. Everything was modern and on point. It felt luxurious and comfortable.  I picked the hotel because we knew we were going to hakkasan. We actually got comped a few tickets as well. We called for housekeeping a few times because we needed more towels, etc and every time they were speedy and friendly. Besides the rooms,  the casino is huge and the property just sprawls out. Because I go to vegas so often I don't even walk around and explore anymore so there were a lot of areas that I didn't see but I'm sure you can walk around this place for hours and be entertained.
4	My gf and I have been here 4 days and overall we've had a great time! The service was great when we ordered in,we were given free passes to Hakassan club  & the front desk was prompt when we needed anything. I recommend MGM and would come back...:)
4	Great hotel.  I stayed here last night for the fourth night of my July 4th weekend, but I've stayed here dozens of times over the years.  The rooms here are cheap if you book well in advance.  E.g., you can get a low end room for around $100/night on the weekends if you book at least 4 to 6 months ahead of time.  If you book within the last couple months before your stay, that same room might be around $250/night on the weekends.  The rooms here are very contemporary.  My room basically looked like an Ikea demonstration bedroom.  Outside your room, you will find a plethora of entertainment, shops and restaurants.  Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak here has the best porterhouse I've ever eaten.  You will find excellent service here.  Rainforest cafe is a wonderful family restaurant that has animatronic animals everywhere that regularly move and make sounds in the rainforest decorated surroundings.  The menu items are American food.  The prices are reasonable and Kids will love this place.Hakkasan here has the reputation for being one of the biggest and best nightclubs in the world.  Steve Aoki, Calvin Harris, Tiesto are resident DJs here, which means you can catch one of them performing at either Hakkasan or the Wet Republic pool party at least once a month.  In the summer months, all three DJs usually perform here monthly.  I caught Tiesto yesterday at Wet Republic and had a blast.MGM has a pretty large pool complex with a lazy river that is available to hotel guests for free.  MGM's casino has a large array of slots and table games if that's your thing.  Finally, the only downside of this place is that it is so large it feels like it takes forever to walk to anything.
4	Great experience. My bf and I stayed at MGM for 2 nights and had a blast! I had stayed at the MGM years ago as a kid and expected the rooms to be outdated, but on the contrary the rooms, gaming floors, and restaurants were very contemporary and exceeded expectations. MGM has a large pool facility including a lazy river for only guests to use. The pools are  adjacent to the Wet Republic Day Club and while I was using the pool, Steve Aoki was at Wet Republic spinning away. The music could be heard but at a distant level, providing background music to to the area. Once I got up to leave, I walked around the facility which was when I discovered the lazy river. If I did not have dinner plans, I would have definitely tried it out!Hakkasan for my favorite dutch duo, W&W. My bf and I were both on the guestlist but were told that we had to be at the venue by 10PM when the club opens at 10:30PM. We decided to just get tickets which were $20 for female and $30 for male - and these tickets guaranteed our entrance without having to deal with a rowdy crowd to get in. After arriving at around 1:30AM, there was no line at the door and we were in within 2 minutes. The club and decor is pretty standard, the sound system was average, but definitely still a great time. MGM also has a large gaming space comparatively to newer hotels, which is perhaps one of the aspects to how they maintain their competitive advantage. With a wide variety of gaming tables and slots, I would not hesitate to recommend this place to a friend who enjoyed a good round of blackjack or craps.The only con about this hotel is that the location is a bit further from the center of the strip and would require more walking which I am normally fine with. But in 100 degree weather, walking in the heat may become tiresome and exhausting. I would definitely come back to MGM for another stay and would also recommend this hotel to a friend!
2	Staff is the most dis genuine I've ever dealt with in the service industry. The stars are only for the amenities in the Stay well room. Will be filing my complaints with the BBB. We checked out early it was that frustrating.
2	Other than the insanely long check-in lines and too much space around the room doors ( leading to lots of hallway noise coming in the room, especially the rattling every time someone came in or not of nearby rooms), most of my negatives are personal in nature, so YMMV. It's just too big, even compared to other big hotels on the strip. I got tired of spending a half-hour a day just walking the same treks through the hotel and casino just getting to and from our room. Crowd was particularly young, loud, and drunk. Again - might be a bonus for some, but I'm just old and crabby enough that it was grating after a while. Mostly I don't care, of course - except for the aforementioned hallway noise, and the fact that you can't float down the lazy river when people are camped out with their drinks. There were also HUGE crowds of conventioneers in the MGM that created lines of  50+ people at each Starbucks, so I'd check that first before booking again. We had to get in an almost scary crunch of people at the elevators one day as the convention let out.Buffet was meh; little bakery was good; crepes/froyo place was nice. Easy to find a beer to walk around with. Location on the monorail was nice.
1	I am a part of a company meeting here, would not normally stay here on my own. After 15 hours of meetings today, my keycard to my room would not work.  They made me wait in line behind all the other people checking in (def not bringing the same $$$ to them as my company) for 20 minutes before my card could be reprogrammed.30 minutes later: the poor woman who met with my contempt for being made to wait in line gave me a $50 credit at the bar. Decent forgiveness, but not nearly the same as just getting my keycard reprogrammed as a priority.
5	Staying two nights, i really satisfied with the staffs, location, facilities as a tourist.STAFFS: They are super nice from beginning to the end. Calling for the reservations, i got the best service in my LV tours of my life. She was super nice with the cheerful voice explaining everything. I was very excited as i arrived the hotel expecting nice things while i staying here. Also i got the best service from the front desk. They make things easier. I was arrived earlier than i reserved. Unlike other hotels, they gave me the room key immediately.LOCATION: This hotel is located at the center of the Strips and every hotel is a walking distance. If you don't drive your car, no problem to go visit anywhere. FACILITES: This hotel has everything. If you want a morning coffee. There are many cafes from Starbucks to McDonald. They have so many kinds of restaurant. That is why i only stayed and ate every meal from McDonald to Hakkasan. This hotel is prodigious and also has many rooms, entertains. Even though i am not a gamble person, i enjoyed staying here having relaxation, eating, sleeping and going the show like KA.
3	We were traveling with our kids and it was the perfect hotel for them. Great pool and food court. Good dining options. In many hotels you feel like kids are a nuisance to to others but not here. Check out took about 45 minutes but remember this is the largest hotel in Vegas so that is to be expected. Check out was a breeze. Friendly staff, good size room.We typically like mid-strip so this was a bit far down for us but ok for the 2 nights we stayed. The only downfall is the size of the hotel, it is huge so you have to walk a long way to get anywhere although Grand tower wasn't bad. Cable went out a few times but not for long. Also, be prepared as Valet takes a LONG time to get your car. Bell desk was amazing and prompt. If you are military they give you 25% off in food court - HUGE discount! Good place if you have the kids along for a short stay!
5	We booked into MGM for five nights over the 4th July long weekend and honestly cannot fault the service we received from the hotel and casino staff.Our reservations were made through Trivago so we got a great deal on a West Wing King room. Yes, it is a small apartment. Yes, the bathroom is directly to your right (or left depending) as you walk in with no door to speak of and yes- no mini bar BUT- the furnishings are modern and look brand new. The room was impeccably clean and the bed super comfortable although our view wasn't the best.After one night in our room we had a friend decide to come and stay with us so we went down to the check-in counter to see if we could secure him a room. The lovely desk lady offered us an upgrade for only $30 and we ended up in a Grand Queen on the 17th floor with an amazing view of New York New York.Obviously the MGM has some issues eg. long check-in line, key cards that will stop working if placed near credit cards or phones etc but for such a massive hotel/casino/entertainment precinct I feel that is totally insignificant. The amenities are excellent, the staff courteous and genuinely helpful/sympathetic to your needs and the Casino itself boasts some of the best restaurants, bars, nightclubs and pool parties you can find in Vegas.Anyone who says otherwise is just a whiner...
4	Ok. Damn. That's the first thing I could think to say. I've been here an hour and I already feel like I need my review started because there's so much already going through my head. Not in the best way either. I liked the fact that "check in" was right through the door instead of like some places where you get dropped off and have to go on a mission to find where you check in. You walk in and there it is. Despite it being 10:00pm there was a line to check in. It went so quick though. Plenty of people working. I have no complaints except for the fact they charge $200 for incidentals. That's quite a bit. I got totally lost trying to find the "Grand Tower" because the instructions I was given at the front desk were horrible. Other than those issues check in was fine. My room is on the 10th floor room 516. This whole place is a maze. When you finally find your tower you have another mission to find your elevators! Once you find those and get to your floor you come a circle and in each direction going all around is a series of hallways. Once you figure out what hallway to go you end up going down and hallway never ends it seems like. I felt like I was walking the green mile or something. It took forever to get to my room. The ice machine is located in the "300" hallway so you have a quite always to get ice. I think each hallway should have an ice machine at least halfway down because there's about 150 rooms in one hallway! The room is so small. The other hotels I've stayed at have larger and more cozy rooms. They have the "bathroom" to your immediate right when you come in. The vanity area is very small. They have the toilet in a little room by itself kinda like its a public bathroom. Next to it is the shower. The shower is awesome though. Great water temp and pressure and very spacious. The TV has a lot of channels but the signal goes out quite a bit which is annoying. The bed though OMG! It was like sleeping on a cloud. So comfy! The pillows were great. I had a king bed with 4 huge heavy pillows that you melt into once your head hits them. The mattress, the sheets and the comforter were so soft! I loved that bed and I wanted to take it with me. I will admit as my stay went on the room grew on me a bit. The casino was huge. It took me a couple of days to start figuring out where everything was and still found myself getting lost at times. Plenty of places to eat and a wide variety of table games and slots. Plenty to do. They closed the pool on one of the days and it figures it was on the day I planned to enjoy the pool after my spa visit. It was a little rainy out and they closed it over that! Very stupid and dramatic if you ask me. I also loved the fact that in the lobby of my tower was a 24 hour convenient store with all the odds and ends you might need for your trip. Gambling here was great and I met some awesome dealers. Specifically Vic and Niegel. I would come here again just to play at their table. Like most Vegas hotels this one had it;s good and bad. The good seemed to outweigh the bad and I would stay here again.
3	My two kids (ages 8 and 15) and I chose the MGM Grand during the week (Mon-Thurs), to check out their lazy river. Usually we stay at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay. We drove all around the huge complex until we stumbled across an employee who directed us to the front of the hotel. We pulled in and had our luggage loaded up and checked in to the bell station. I felt the bell man pressured me into tipping him because he kept saying "I won't see you again". He wasn't the person who takes your luggage to your room, that's another person. Ok, so now we have to check in, the line took about 45 minutes (at 5pm, check in at 3), but was at least moving and good music videos on huge screens kept us entertained. On to the room, pretty nice and easy to find. Clean and cool with a decent strip view. Could never figure out the mini fridge, but the blackout shade was awesome. The room smelled smoky from time to time which was gross and although the rooms were straightened up and decent each day, housekeeping must not have a vacuum because anything that fell on the floor or was there when we got there, stayed there all week. The pool, sadly, was a disappointment. The check in at the entrance was just a flash of the room card and then we made a beeline to the lazy river. We rented tubes that were HUGE and $10 each for the day, only credit or room charge, no cash. We ended up getting one tube taken from us when we went into another pool, but because of the size we were actually relieved. The lazy river was not all that was promised. It reeked of chlorine, our eyes burned all night. Drunk adults lined the entire mile blocking the fun of a pool that carries you through. Me and my kids were pushed hard at different times by adults who were walking through the river like they were rushing to get somewhere. The entire pool was lined with empty beer cans and bottles that fell into the pool! There were also lots of folks walking through the lazy river holding their cans and bottles just above the water. We enjoyed the regular pools better but those were lined with beer cans and bottles too. I don't care that folks are drinking, it's Vegas, but they should have at least one person on staff to scoop that mess up all day. A lightening storm cut our pool time short and we never returned to the pools again. We tried to eat at the Rainforest Cafe but the wait was 2.5 hours. So, we drove south of the strip to a variety of other casual dining spots all week. The Avenue Cafe in the MGM was ok. $60 for an omelette, kid's waffle and a BLT. Clean. Nothing but eggs after noon, no other breakfast items available. Best meal was Bucca de Beppo at the Excalibur (yucky hotel and people, but great food and server named David). Must buy/try are cupcakes from the Corner Cakes in the MGM Grand Tower. All in all, not bad, but we'll be sticking with Mandalay Bay for our family-friendly Vegas jaunts.
1	There are ONLY three reasons why people stay at this hotel: 1. It's CHEAP 2. Sporting Events 3. They don't know any better. We stayed here for a week with our company and it was the worst. Bad food, poor customer service, dirty rooms and a lot of working girls. Spend the money and get a better experience. Room service delivered cold. Left the room from 11a - 8pm and the room was never cleaned. Called the "Hotel Manager" and it still took 5 hours and 6 additional calls to finally have the room cleaned.  So sad how far the MGM has fallen.
4	Didn't get a chance to stay here but I did play here!  Some of the friendliest blackjack dealers I have played with.  Makes a big difference.  3/2 blackjack is important to anyone who is series about the game.  Nice shops, good food choices, friendly service people, clean casino.  Connected to New York New York via walkway.  I will play here again.
1	I can't believe the pool closes at 8pm during summer time. We have to get the mini bar refrigerator unlocked and I understand that it has a sensor and that we have to pay for whatever we take from the mini bar but they should at least provide a small refrigerator for the guests. Oh wait! They do have refrigerators to offer the guests but they will charge $25/night. I can smell the chlorine coming out of the shower heads also and its way too strong. I've been to one of the best hotels here and I thought that this hotel will be better than the other 4-5 star hotels we stayed at.
2	I have stayed here several times and loved the service. This last time, we checked in and got the key to our room we found  "guests" still in the room smoking in a non smoking room and waiting for the bus boy to arrive for pick up. We had to wait in the casino until the staff cleaned up the mess! This is not acceptable with an MGM property. The management did issue me and the wife a coupon for the buffet for the convenience, but still disappointed.
4	Awesome casino associated with Mlife hotel chain. Sat down to play blackjack a few times. The dealers I encountered were great to talk to and made the experience that much better. Cocktail girls came in a timely fashion and drinks were good. The only down side isn't even too bad. I can't hold this against them because this is the design casinos should have BUT, it is soooooo easy to get lost. I had no trouble running into blackjack tables and slots. But trying to walk through the hotel to the strip...impossible. But again, that's how they want it. Easy to get in, tough to leave. All in all, some good times here. Would recommend as a stop for some gaming.
2	The Good:Beds are comfy.TV is big and nice.Clean room.Good amount of channels. The Bad:Premium view rooms extremely rare.Wifi is horrible.Outside noise comes in.Ethernet doesn't work.2 lamps didn't work.Television loses connection a lot.Televison remote is double clicks and is slow.Extra fridge for rent is around 20 a night.Ice machine empty at times. The green lights on the mgm at night are blinding and also make pictures impossible.Tech support wait is long.Busy hotel.I have stayed here a couple times now. And what I have learned is that this hotel is not worth the price.They will get you to love it the first time. But after that it goes down hill.Out of all my stays here, I have never received a premium view. One trip I asked almost every week day for one. Come to find out that it is rare to get one without booking through their website. Wifi disconnects and tech support takes forever to get ahold of.
4	The last 2 times that I've overnighted in Vegas, I've stayed at the MGM. My most recent visit was for 3 nights over the 4th of July weekend; 03July-06July.  This hotel is always "poppin", and 4th of July weekend was insane.  If you're as big a fan as I am of people watching, then you're in luck. I didn't have to bother with the check-in process, someone else in my group handled that, so I cannot speak on that aspect.  We'd driven in from the Phoenix area, arrived around 5pm, I dropped them off at the front door to check in, and by the time I'd parked they were calling me from our room, so that was pretty fast IMO. Hotel...lobby: Huge, bright lobby with large TVs over the check-in desks.  The TVs are usually playing music videos (to my delight, as I prance-dance through the lobby).  The large boxing ring, which houses a large gold lion statute, is a popular attraction for photo ops.  If you want a photo of the Lion in Ring sans a million strangers in your backdrop, I suggest getting down to the lobby before 8am...while everyone else is still hungover and asleep. Note: It was freezing in the hotel hallways!Workout facility:on the 4th floor, if I recall correctly.  You'll need your room key to enter.  Nice, clean, simple little workout room.  Lots of treadmills (I didn't count them; maybe a dozen?), stair-stepper, and other equipment. It was well stocked with lots of clean towels, and it had 2 filtered water coolers.  Rooms:Follow the yellow brick road (overhead signs) to the guest rooms.  From the lobby, take a quick right, walk through a short hall (cupcakery to the left, convenience store to the right), until you reach the rotunda with the large fountain in the middle.  From here there are different pathways, above which you'll see where they lead.  Proceed accordingly.  (FYI If you are told to go to a room, for example, 401, do not assume it's on the 4th floor. Verify which floor, b/c there is a (for example) 401 on all the floors.)We had a room on the 10th floor with 2 queen beds. The room was spacious, but not as large as the room we had here last year. Same comfy beds though!I'm not sure why the bathroom being at the door is such a focal point for some.  With as many people as I've seen stumbling through the lobby, barely making it to the elevator, I'd think the bathroom being at your instant disposal would be a good thing.The bathrooms are large and clean.  I like that there is a wall separating the commode from the sink area.The maid service was great.  She kept us stocked on extra towels.Tip: Tip the maids a little every day ($2 per day if it's just you or +1; $1 per person if there's a group of you), especially if you're staying multiple days.  You'll be rewarded!  The city lights can be bright at night, but they have blackout curtains in the rooms, so just close the curtains and nighty-night.  There is nothing that you can do about the noise in the halls though.  Dude; it's Vegas.I don't watch TV when I'm in Vegas, so I don't know what the TV service is like. However, there was an outlet center on TV stand, which included 2 USB ports; great for charging our iPhones. I wish they would switch from glass drinking glasses to individually wrapped, disposable plastic cups.  Those glasses are unsanitary. If you call guest services to request they bring you anything, call WAY before you need it. It took them almost 2 hours to bring us extra blankets one night. Casino:I do not drink or gamble.  However, it was very smokey while walking through.  I wish they'd incorporate a no-smoking policy. But I know they're afraid to lose money.Food courtyard:McDonald's and the pizza place (forgot the name) were open at 2:30am one night, and it was packed!Other options during the day were Asian (think Panda Express, but the name was different), Mexican (burritos, tacos, etc), Southern USA (fried chicken, mac n cheese, etc).  Aside from steamed veggies at the Asian option, nothing else was vegan-friendly.Pool:You'll need your MGM room key to enter, otherwise YOU SHALL NOT  PASS.Clean towels available, so no need to bring your own.Arrive early for a lounge chair (and some peace and quiet). Small humans (children) take over by midday. Pool closes at 8pm, so no late night dips for you.There are different areas, and they're all huge.  You have to pay extra to chill in the lazy pool. :(I think there were at least 2 restaurants inside the pool area. I didn't visit them, so I have no comment.You can NOT bring your own water bottle into the pool area, so when (not if; when) you get thirsty, be prepared to spend $6 on a baby bottle of water. Entertainment:I went to see Cirque du Soleil's KA performance, which was outstanding!  Fun, truly entertaining, eye-catching performance.  Absolutely loved it!  The auditorium is lovely as well, and it wasn't too cold inside. There's a concession stand, but I didn't visit it.We got to view/rate a TV pilot, which was cool.
5	On my way to the poker room :) This is the best casino eva people. Come play with me here. I bet you have a ball!That's what I do when I'm here! Party over here & party over at tha pool. This casino is ok I give it five stars total. I'm here often! I like to pretend I'm famous when I'm here. I even went to my eye doctor and got cool poker shades to gamble here. This place is a pure party. I mean it's everything VEGAS is famous for but when I'm here I am in the building for hours its like a 2nd home. Yelp! And lucky me...what happeneds in Vegas stays in Vegas. This is one casino where u really can win. No funny monkey business this place rocks! Look the food is great. The employees are kind and fun. Its nothing like being around people who love they job. They make it fun. They don't try and rip you off. Its packed with security so you feel safe. Its even spots to charge ya phone or at least I found secret spots to charge my phone. (Giggles) I have been like 10 days in a row thus far I am beyond addicted. The employees tell me I should gamble responsibly. I tell them well bring this gamble responsibly to the table I will sure gamble with him or her. (kmsl)
4	Really, the only complaint I have about the hotel is that there isn't a coffee maker in the room.  I know this may seem silly but I like my morning cup of coffee before I shower, just as I'm waking up.  It's a bit of a pain to have to get washed up & dressed to go downstairs to buy a cup of coffee.  Also, it would have been nice if breakfast was included
3	I stated in an executive king suite which was fun for a weeknight price. I was excited about the pool, but it was underwhelming. I did not regret staying here once, but would probably stay at aria or Cosmo next time.One gripe I have about all Vegas rooms I have seen is that the mini bar takes up the entire fridge so you cannot cool the drinks you bought on the cheap at CVS.
3	Briefly visited the MGM to see a concert. Hotel itself is large and a little plain in terms of decor. The concert venue was excellent - clean, good seating arrangement, comfortable seats, and easy to navigate. The staff were also very friendly and helpful.
3	Follow the yellow brick road to the emerald city and you'll find the golden lion! It's the first thing you see as you enter the main lobby.This hotel is pretty grand, alright, at least in size. Being the largest hotel and casino in Las Vegas, maybe they feel they don't need to be the best in customer service. Granted, there were over 15,000 people from my company for a huge convention, but they should be equipped to handle as many guests as can fit in the hotel, right? They're just lucky the other 15,000 people went elsewhere.Need to Spend $?---------------------Plenty of restaurants, touristy shops, and of course... massive casino space. Many vehicles for spending dolla bills! The food court gets wicked crowded so I tended to opt for **Blizz**, which is just around the corner and has some healthy juice options (see Blizz review here - http://www.yelp.com/biz/blizz-las-vegas?hrid=9pL5NN9VJ-YEqvD0mBJjBA). Also MGM is home to **Cirque Du Soleil's 'Ka'**. Not my favorite Cirque show, but still an interesting one. My favorite Cirque show is the Beatles' 'LOVE', which you can only catch in Las Vegas. (see LOVE review here - http://www.yelp.com/biz/cirque-du-soleil-the-beatles-love-las-vegas?hrid=FBWaEYnI5TPtpuBeePDZdA).Need to Catch Some Sun?-------------------------------They have not one, not two, but FOUR pools! If those weren't enough fun for you, they have 3 whirlpools and waterfalls too. It's a 6.5 acre complex of pool action and also includes a quarter mile lazy river. As if you hadn't already consumed enough food and alcohol, they have 5 bars and a full service Cabana grill. You can even get a poolside massage. What?!Need to Feel Large and In Charge?----------------------------------------The **MGM Grand Garden Arena** is there for you! When you're here, you can't help but feel the power and energy of thousands of people in one space. Amazing sound systems and visual effects really enhance the experience. If your company is cool enough to play EDM (electronic dance music) for 5 hours, I can guarantee you'll have a great time here. Arena staff are friendly and helpful, which is a huge contrast compared to much of the hotel.Need to Dance?-------------------Other than partying with my company's EDM fix, you can also hit up **Hakkasan**, one of the hottest nightclubs in Vegas. No wonder this place won the title of "#1 Nightclub in the World" by Playboy Magazine. All the top DJ's spin here, including resident DJ's Tiesto and Calvin Harris. Then of course there's also **Wet Republic** at the ultra pool, complete with the resident DJ's, a newly expanded 95-foot bar (neverending alcohol), a huge LED display, party cabanas/bungalows, and of course tons of people ready to party in their bathing suits. A super fun day party! (see Wet Republic review here - http://www.yelp.com/biz/wet-republic-ultra-pool-las-vegas?hrid=KRe8TmiGoVdgNzKIFNxjgw)All in all, the MGM Grand has a LOT to offer. Just wish their customer service could keep up.TIP: Be prepared when asking for extra towels. Staff may sound as shocked as if you had asked for their firstborn child.DATE TIP: Plenty of venues here for a hot date!
2	Where do I begin? 1st room- Had a REALLY bad window view for the amount of money we paid for. I left home for a VACATION not a view of roofs. NOT only it had a bad view it took FOREVER! to walk to our room from the Elevator. My family is handicap so it was very hard for us to get to the room. So we switched.2nd room- The view got better, although you could still see the view of roof tops at least I could see that seattle thingy and some other gold building. The windows were cool I liked playing with the shades. The air conditioning was NOT COOL! We're in LV we need the air condition to work!!! The room was SO HOT! and standing in the hallway would've been a lot more refreshing! This second room was a lot easier for us to get to! it was closer to the elevator~ yay!POOL- THE POOL WAS SO FREAKING FAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I got to say walking there before you went to the pool wasn't as embarrassing as walking back from the pool! Not only the walk was long! Can you imagine walking all wet? AND they didn't let you take the towel back with you to cover you up! Lucky I brought my own towel. So if you do go to the pool keep in mind that your going to go through the walk of shame and embarrassment! Bring a T-shirt or Towel of your OWN! to the pool. The pool was VERY packed! and it was super hot! They had 4 different pools and sadly I went around 5ish and they closed the other 2 pools ): So I didn't get to see how those were. Overall, would I stay here again? Maybe not... unless i would like to experience the walk or shame and embarrassment again.
4	This is a huge hotel! It is the third-largest hotel in the world with over 5,000 rooms. Consequently it can get quite chaotic, especially during check-in. That said, the rooms are very nice, the service is excellent, and there is a complete variety of food options from McDonalds in the food court, to multiple very high-line restaurants serving almost anything you would like to try. The garage and rooms are a very long walk, but overall, I was very satisfied with our two nights stay. We will definitely be back.The location on strip is very convenient, and the access to the monorail system also eases the pain. I didn't need the car while we were there.
5	Really liked the MGM, team was great.  Bell service and ballet were awesome, they even tried to recruit me after we retire.  We had to pay for a fridge which I thought was crazy, especially what we paid for the room.  No microwave, I really was unpleased with that.  I was never offered a drink when I was at the tables, not cool.  Otherwise, great hotel.  The pool was very nice, hot and sexy girls...
2	First night- check into a stay well grand queen suite. Those nasty little escort cards were taped to the window, toilet was broken (never fixed), & we requested extra towels which we never received.Second night, upgraded to the 2 bedroom Skyline Marquee Suite for that night and the next. No hot water in one of the restrooms. Call and talk to the front desk 4-5 times over the next couple of hours and they kept saying "it was in the process of being fixed". Nobody ever showed up. So we paid over $1k for a 2 bedroom 2 bathroom suite and only got a 2 bed 1&1/2 bath. Also, my friend that was staying with me had someone spill red wine on his suit, he called and talked to them and they said they would come take his suit and get it cleaned for him. Good thing we didn't hold our breath because...  Surprise, they never showed up.The lack of customer service was astounding.
3	I found the Hotel nice and clean but I noticed the aircondition is not enough for the hot weather. I give it 3 star because the customer service is so helpful and and the pool was amazing
1	Arrived here at the MGM today for my daughters wedding and so disappointed with our room.  We had requested a strip view and was thrilled at check in to find out that we were upgraded to a strip room but it was still being cleaned. After waiting for an hour and a half I asked if my room was ready and they said no but they could put me in a mountain view room right away and I said I would rather wait for the strip view. Finally my room was ready and was disappointed that it was a view of the airport!!!! After making several calls they would not accommodate me.  I just don't get it.
3	Beautiful hotel, but average for the facilities. The bathroom doesn't have an air vent and the hotel does not provide any complimentary coffee makers. C'mon, even motels provide those.Overall, the room was clean and the view was great. The beds are comfortable too.
2	Tons of teenage brat kids running around everywhere Wi-Fi doesn't work TV cuts in and out not a very good stay not a very good room!
1	Wonderful hotel with terrible customer service. We came back to hotel after catching a show around 12 AM, and neither of our keys worked. We then went into a neighbors room to call the front desk, and we waited on hold for 10 minutes. The representative who helped us was rude and unapologetic and said someone would be up in 15 minutes to let us in. No one ever showed after waiting for 30 minutes, and we had to walk all the way back down to the front desk and wait for assistance. We were locked out of our room for a total of an hr. Really huge buzzkill and not what I would expect from a resort at this price point, extremely disappointed.
3	I just got back from the MGM and overall had a satisfactory experience.  Not great, not horrible.  Pretty average.I had my 6 year old with me so granted I was not looking to do any gambling or nightlife this trip.  What I was looking for was a fun pool for he and I to play in and a good location to get to the things we wanted to do.  The pool is large and honestly, we never had any trouble finding deck chairs whether we went down in the morning or the late afternoon.  I did find that the Lazy River runs out of inner tubes to rent pretty quickly so that was disappointing.  As was the fact that the largest pool and the Lazy River don't open until 10 AM and the Lazy River closes at 6 instead of 8 like the other pools.  Also, there isn't much in the way of exhibits or entertainment for kids under 12 (minimum age for their CSI Experience) so we ended up going over to the Mandalay Bay, Excalibur, NYNY and the Luxor to play in the arcades and see their exhibits (Titanic, Shark Reef, etc.)The room was clean and spacious and there is definitely a big variety of kid-friendly dining options at the MGM.  I should mention that the MGM advertises free WiFi and I could get my phone and iPad to find the MGM WiFi signal but I couldn't get online using their WiFi ever.  And the TV will randomly lose signal in the middle of a show....A LOT.  But if you just click the channel up one and back down the signal was back.  Not earth-shattering or vacation ruining by any means.  Just super annoying and worth mentioning I think.
4	MGM grand is a middle range hotel when it comes to selecting between all the resort hotels on the strip.  It is not as expensive as the Bellagio and it is nicer than some of the older hotels located on the north strip like Circus Circus or the Flamingo.The room rate is average but you should be aware of a few charges that are not advertised on the front page of your reservation.  There will be a resort fee which is mainly for the wifi but I imagine it covers other costs like pool admission etc.  This fee for us was $25.  When it comes to the wifi you will have to reconnect to it throughout the day as you go to and from your room and throughout the MGM resort.  It also worked at the Bellagio as this is a MGM brand resort.  So in all the wifi can be convenient at times and inconvenient during others.*Other room charges to be aware of are not really charges but deposits.  You may see a credit card charge for a couple hundred dollars more than they tell you at the front desk but this is a security deposit for the room.  Once you check out and everything is checked in the room you will get this money back.  The MGM is branded by their bronze lion.  The huge bronze lion at the front of the building, in the main lobby, and on the elevator doors.  You won't miss it and will be familiar with it by the end of your stay.  MGM was the best choice for us and I was extremely happy with our stay.  The room we had looked exactly like it was shown online and was very clean.  Room service was daily and tremendously efficient.  They even lined up my shoes for me.  They knew exactly what to touch and throw away and what not to.  I was really happy to find my things taken care of as I would.  MGM, like all of the resorts, provides with anything and everything you need so there is no need to ever leave the huge resort.  They have restaurants, shops, entertainment, pool, gambling, night club, literally everything.  Not only did I love the resort in general but it was great to be able to go to Hakkasan and Wet Republic within your own resort.  I imagine the other night clubs and day clubs are fun as well but again it is so convenient to have these options within walking distance.  I say walking distance because these resorts are ginormous and what may look like across the street or down the way on Google Maps is actually a 10-15 minute walk.  To walk the whole strip is really not feasible.  I can go on and on but many of my rants and raves about MGM will take place in my reviews for all of the specific entities within the resort.
1	MGM Hotel rooms to me are HORRIBLY designed. It's as if the rooms are tiny offices and it was put together by all the "left overs." Whoever designed this hotel is a horrible designer. I wouldn't recommend this hotel only because of the rooms. If you're looking for a great hotel on the strip. I recommend New York New York. It beautiful, they have so much to give, and the rooms are so comfortable.
1	I've stayed at the MGM a few times but never have I been so disappointed with my stay until this past weekend. First, I linked my reservation and my friend's reservation a week prior so we can have rooms next to each other. I understand this is hard to accomodate due to the high volume of customers, but I did not appreciate the front desk lying to my friend and telling her that the reservations are not linked when they are. Second, we booked our rooms at the MGM this weekend because we had an offer that gave us entry to Wet Republic and Hakkasan. We arrive at Hakkasan and was told that the offer is not valid on Saturday night. When we checked in, we were told that the offer is valid Thursday - Sunday; I'm pretty sure Saturday is between Thursday - Sunday. We went to the front desk to fix this issue and was told by a very unhelpful manager that there's nothing they can do because Hakkasan is independently owned and the fine print said "offer subject to change." Just a tip, MGM, don't offer your customers offers you can't honor. What I am most disappointed with is that the manager did not even offer to help us contact Hakkasan until I pointed out that the least she can do is pick up the phone and TRY. She did and viola, a member of Hakkasan's team resolved the issue right away. The only thing I was satisfied with this weekend was how Hakkasan handled this situation. I have never had any of these issues at the Wynn, Encore, Venetian, Palazzo, Mandalay Bay, Mirage, and even Bally's. I am extremely disappointed at MGM's below mediocre customer service. I understand that problms occur, but I do not appreciate being lied to nor do I appreciate a manager that refuses to do the simple act of picking up the phone and at least TRY to help a customer resolve their issues. If you want a hotel that offers below medicore customer service, this place should clearly be your top choice. Never will I, nor any of my guests, stay at the MGM Grand again.
1	This was a nice hotel maybe ten years ago. Last time I was there guaranteed I will not be back. I have never encountered such surly and unprofessional staff as at the hotel and for what they charge you'd be better off (and better treated) at any local no-tell motel. We paid in advance for tickets to one of their shows and then when we showed up they refused us admission because one of the men in our party was wearing (very upscale, not denim and not short) shorts! This is July in Vegas. It was over 100 degrees! Then they refused to refund our ticket money. I smell a scam, as I have seen this comment in other reviews as well. There is no dress code posted on the web site or anywhere else, and as it happens, the gentleman in our party refused entrance...TO A FREAKING FREAK SHOW...is a professional model who is often paid to attend high-end parties in NY to add high end atmosphere. In short, I will never again set foot in the MGM Grand or any of its affiliated properties. Fortunately I had paid for the tickets by credit card, so when refused a refund I just contacted my bank and stopped the charge (and suggested they take a look at how many other people MGM tries to rip off in this manner). The Excalibur is classier, cleaner and friendlier. That is NOT a compliment.
1	I am writing in reference to my recent stay on 7/18 - 7/20. I am not one who usually complains or even writes about it, but after thinking and discussing with others, I thought it would be the right thing to let you know that I was not very happy when I left the MGM on 7/20.  Everything went well when a friend and I arrived on 7/18. We were welcomed and was told that I would be given a room credit of $50 for it being my birthday. She said I would be able to use it on food or drinks in the MGM and just charge it to the room and it would be deducted. I was very grateful and thanked the lady at the front desk.  As soon as we got to the room I noticed 2 things that I should have reported to the front desk and housekeeping, but decided to leave it be because we got in late and with it being my birthday just decided to head down to the casino.  1) The comforter on the bed by the window had some type of red stain on it that crusted. I did not sleep under it and just threw it on the floor and slept under the bed sheets.  2) There were 2 glasses in the bathroom that were definitely not clean. One had fingerprints all over them and the other had some resin around the rim of the cup like someone ate and drank from it and the food stuck.  Again, I didn't say anything only because I didn't want to hassle anyone at the MGM and just focused on enjoying my birthday. Besides those two things, the room was fine and my next complaint has to do with the checkout process.    I was told that I would receive a $50 credit for food and beverage if charged to my room if purchased in the MGM. When I went to checkout there was a $32 charge for pizza purchased at the MGM food court. The lady I spoke to on the phone said that it has to be an "MGM owned" restaurant and that it does not count. I explained what the front desk lady said and also told her that the receipt and what the charge shows is "MGM Bonannos" and how would I know to differentiate when MGM shows on the receipt. She was willing to work with me and said that she couldn't do anything about the charge and instead refund the resort fees. I was told my balance and thought it was fine but then realized that she only reversed one resort fee instead of both and still was responsible for a fraction of the price of the food I thought would be free. I am not complaining for the sake of complaining, but I thought you should know because a lot of people would find the first 2 things very disturbing and refuse to stay there and the other is a matter of principle. I was told one thing and it was not honored and given another option which didn't help me at all.  I am a very loyal gambler at the MGM and I do have an Mlife account. This was my first official stay at the MGM and was definitely not pleased. I will say that I usually stay at the Signature but got a better deal here which was the reason I booked it. I come to Vegas about 8-10 times a year for business and leisure and always looking to stay at mlife resorts. After this experience I'm not sure I can stay at the MGM but will still use my MLife card when I am in Vegas. Thank you for taking the time to read this.
5	The MGM Grand is the third largest hotel in the world.Honestly, it's one of the best properties on the strip.  It mixes more casual fare like buffets and chain restaurants with ultra high end fare like Joel Robuchon.  The largest and hottest nightclub in Las Vegas, Hakkasan, is here as well.  You can pair that up with Wet Republic in the day time .... One of the hottest pools.And, of course, there's the MGM Grand Garden Arena, where major fight nights and concerts get held on a regular basis.There really is something for everyone here.If there's one thing missing, it's quality shopping like you can get at Crystals or the Forum Shops.  Luckily, the location of the MGM Grand is also quite good ... It's on a very central area of the strip, which makes it about as easy as it can be in Vegas to hop over to other properties.If you are looking for an entirely upscale experience, then this might not be the place for you.  WynnCore might be more up your alley.  But there are some undisputed bests here (like Robuchon and Hakkasan) and, you know what?  Sometimes I want to eat Chicken McNuggets and not have to walk 30 min to another casino to do it.  That's what I like about the MGM.  Variety ... And in a good way.
4	Had a great time at the Grand! Attended a pro boxing match. Fun time!
5	I love the MGM. My friends always say "why do you always stay there"?  I have been staying at the MGM for years and see no reason to go anywhere else in Vegas! They offer everything free to me as an M-Life member and I don't usually take a lot of money with me. I'm certainly not a high roller! I usually go 3 or 4 times a year and I have actually come home a winner several times! The choices of restaurants are outstanding. The place is large enough to never become boring, and I have always received outstanding service. My only complaint might be the lack of drink service when playing slots. Other than that it's a great get away and all I budget for is my gambling stash and with any luck I may take it back home with me!
3	Well, if you don't mind drunk, twenty-something idiots all over the place, then stay at the MGM Grand. We stayed here 8/2 for one night because of a long road trip and won't come back. Too crowded, too much smoke, and a bad mix of high-end resort meets spring break crowd. We have stayed at other hotels and had better experiences. If you have a young family, another hotel would be a wise choice.A form letter?!? Great service from the MGM. The hotel needs to improve its management of young drinkers. We saw young drunks stumble and fall into the pool! Cutting down on the food court restaurants could ease congestion and improve traffic flow inside the hotel. We spoke to several employees who said the "Wet Republic" drunk partiers created huge problems for them.
2	This is my first time staying at the MGM and most likely the last. I'm use to staying at the Venetian suite. I'm very disappointed with the time spent in line at the check in desk, the rooms are standard but clean and  the pool area is to far from my room.  Whats funny about that is concierge  said we have a pool view. Lol what a joke that was. Every one looked like ants. And that's not all my resorts fees are 56 dollars a day on top of the price I already paid for rooms $$$.Oh yeah they gave us a 50 dollars dinning credit a day. But if you add the resort fees I have really payed for my own dinning credit. I gave it two stars only because the room was clean.At this point I'm not a very happy customer.
2	This place has changed over the years for sure. I stayed for the weekend 7/25/14 and I was not impressed. Customer service was terrible and everything now looks old and cheap. I'm shocked we paid that much for a room that was very simple and plain. They don't even have the lions anymore! If I'm going to be spending that much money I'd rather stay at one of the newer hotels!
3	When it comes to Vegas, always remember: You get what you pay for. MGM has recently done renovations, and the rooms and hallways look great. They are very much up to "Vegas standards". However, MGM was originally opened in 1993, so some items that aren't cosmetic haven't been upgraded:1) Such as the ventilation in the casino and rooms. MGM is very smokey and you will notice it in your hair/clothing. Also, the AC in our room took a LONG time to cool the room down. 2) The shower was a little wonky as well. The faucet would run while the shower was running, and the water had the potential to get extremely hot.  PMGM is cheaper than other hotels, so it's a good choice for someone on a budget who would still like to be on the strip. What I did like:  1) Having an M Life card. It's free to sign up and allowed us to get a discount on Zumanity tickets. (The price dropped from $115 to $75/person!) A lot of hotels don't offer discounts to their guests when booking through the concierge, so that was great. This card also gives you a discount at the small convenient store in the lobby. 2) The pool area is very nice. There is more than one pool available and extras like a volleyball net and inner tubes are available for free. The chairs are comfortable and there are lots available. 3) The cafeteria. Dining on a budget? McDonald's and Nathans are some of the fast food available. They also have a Starbucks in the casino. 4) MGM is located on a busy part of the strip. There are lots of shops and other hotels to walk to from MGM. Overall, a nice hotel worth 3.5 stars.
5	When I go to Vegas, this is where I stay.  Thanks to the comps that I got, I've been able to stay at this resort for free for the past three years.  Thanks MGM for always making my stays there memorable.   See ya in November.
1	This is the worst hotel I have ever been to. Check in to the hotel wasn't easy. We had to wait in the line for about 2 hours and a half and after all that we got to our room that was dirty from the previous guests, so disgusting! VERY RUDE STAFF AND GUEST SERVICE! My husband was playing blackjack tables he asked for a bottle water it took forever. And when the server got there he wasn't playing at the moment so she was like I can't serve u! You're not playing! And he had already lost $400. Above all that these people are crooks they will steal your money. I was over charged And I had to call 2 3 and 4 times and waste my time just to get my money back! In other words we had a terrible experience at this hotel and will never ever go back here! the first and last time :(
1	I came in at 11:30 am to MGM try to check in at the V.I.P registry.., system is down and it's crazy the waiting time to get your reserved room.It's 5:12pm and have not checked in yetNot koo
1	Writing regarding my recent stay 8/1-8/3.  While the hotel is very beautiful I would NOT recommend staying here.  We drove in from Phoenix to celebrate our wedding anniversary.  We chose MGM Grand specifically for the lazy river, needing some chill time.  Although nothing like the one in the Bahamas, it sounded like a relaxing time.  Disappointment #1:  Upon arrival we noticed that someone had broken a glass and it was not cleaned up properly.  The bathroom and vanity area had multiple pieces of glass, small and nickel size pieces.  Called housekeeping and a gentleman "swept" a little. Off we go to enjoy Vegas.  When we returned, we noticed still more glass and figured we'd walk around our room with flip flops until it could be cleaned in the AM.  I was mistaken.  Housekeeper #2 also missed it.  We gave up and just decided to just walk around in our flip flops and agreed not to stay at MGM Grand again.Disappointment #2:  Was very disappointed, after paying $16 for tube rental we went around the river once and returned our tubes for a refund.  Lazy river is more like a social hangout for groups and the tubes are and after thought.  Too many people standing around in the pool we couldn't get around the river without bumping into a lot of people.  These weren't small groups, most were 5-10 people just standing on side of pool.These disappointments did not prevent us from enjoying our anniversary.  We just agreed that MGM was a bad choice and hung out at other casinos and only slept here (bed was comfortable) .  Lessons learned...stick to what you know...much better experience at other strip hotels!
4	I would give this hotel a 4.5, but leaning more towards a 4 for a couple of reasons. However, this is now my favorite hotel on the strip. The hotel has so much to offer. It is also a very family-friendly hotel. Most other hotels on the strip have nightlife inside the casino you must pass to get to your room, but this one seemed to be contained inside a club, which was very nice to see. When we booked the hotel, we got $25 dining credit per night. I called concierge the day I checked in and was told I could use the credit all at once and they would cover the $75 ($25 for 3 nights) at the end of my stay. The person I talked to didn't sound confident in the answer so I called back on my 2nd night before I used the credit. I called concierge again, but the ENTIRE system was down so when they tried calling the front desk to get the answer for me they told me to go down to a specific desk. Since the system was down, that line was ridiculously long so we went to the bell desk to ask. They didn't know so they called the front desk and told me he was unsure if we would get the credit in full or if it reset every night, but he assumed so. So we went to use the credit at Cabana Grill, and after waiting 15 minutes in line, learned that we couldn't charge to the room because the system was still down. No one could check in or charge to the room. We had specific plans so this was the last time we had time to use it. Luckily we didn't, because we went down that night to see what we could do about the credit we couldn't use and learned it didn't rollover so it was only $25 a night, for 3 nights, not $75 total. We were not offered any credit, they told us it was over with and basically "oh well, too bad."Tip: The credit does not rollover!!!! There is not very good customer service when it comes to these kind of comps. We were checked in within minutes. Almost every window, if not every window, was open. While the system was down, the line was incredibly long, but they were taking care of people. They were handing out waters on trays, etc. There was a walk from the parking structure to the lobby and rooms, but it wasn't bad. They have an amazing pool area. There are several pools to choose from, including a lazy river, which leads off to a mini pool with a waterfall. The lazy river was a hangout spot, but it didn't really make a difference. There is also a food court with an amazing chicken place, casual restaurants, and multiple specialty restaurants. They also have a good buffet.The housekeeping and customer care was amazing! We called for extra towels and got it almost immediately. We then got a call from someone making sure we got our towels and seeing if we needed anything else. Usually it takes hours to get towels or we have to call again. The staff was also friendly when we had a question and directed us to the right people, calling them from their desk and allowing us to talk to them, rather than asking for us or giving us a long number to call.The hotel grounds are very nice. The room was clean, the casino didn't smell like smoke, and it looked nice overall. They also had a variety of sports in a large sports area that offered food and drinks. There were some kids in this area, so I'm assuming it was a family-friendly area, which was nice. They didn't limit their televisions to one or two sports, which was fantastic to see!The security in the hotel is also better than other hotels. They had a main lobby and then two separate areas. Those two towers had secured doors you needed to open with a key to access elevators and rooms. The wifi was actually free and it worked at NYNY, as well. As a guest, you get 4 devices for 48 hours. Overall, the rooms were nice, the staff was friendly (except when dealing with comps) and I enjoyed being on resort property. As a warning, they do charge the "hold" for the room and then say they will reverse the charge 3 days after check-out. Most just hold it and then release the hold upon checkout, so I found that a little strange.The hotel is also very wheelchair friendly. The beds are a little high in the accessible rooms, but that was the only complaint when it came to the rooms.
2	The pool was great!!! The hotel was very large and we did a lot of walking in the hotel to find stuff. The room on the other hand was horrible! When we arrived the room smelled like smoke (we were on a on smoking floor) the bathroom sink backed up, the lights you could dim in the room but every 10-20 mins they will be bright for a few and then dim again. The room was dirty!! Even after house keeping cleaned it still was dirty. Old dust and marks along the window. I wouldn't stay here again even though the pool was great.
2	I did not stay at this hotel and probably never will because of the layout. The sign directories are pretty worthless, especially if you are trying to find the monorail. This casino truly seems to try to keep you lost in the casino so you end up spending money. With no signs as to where the monorail is it took me almost 40min to locate it. There are better casinos to stay at.
1	My first trip to stay at MGM Grand was so full of disappointment we left after a few hours.  Long queue to register, our room given to someone else so we got downgrade in bed size with no upgrade in room, rowdy guests, near brawl in elevator over it being too full, elevator door attempted to close 3 times as a malfunction coming and going, room AC did not cool room, room fan not available or given upon multiple requests.  When we considered walking through to the pool we opted to just leave due to crowds.  After checkout we stored bags and went to event.  This was ok but at end of concert they closed bathrooms in order to shoo us all like cattle through the venue exit doors.  Appalling to not let patrons use the bathroom at end of concert!  We walked out in tiny cross legged baby steps grateful to be making our exit.
4	Enjoyed this hotel and Casino. It is quite large and while the buffet is small, there was no wait and the food was spectacular.
4	Very enjoyable stay at the MGM Grand. What was so great about it you ask? For one a nice large room. Very modern with a wall of mirrors and beautiful art work. I wish I could have taken that art with me.A large modern bathroom with marble flooring and shower tiles. Semi-private commode. The shower has a raindrop shower head which isn't my favorite but the water was hot enough. Just wish there was handheld shower head with more power.In the bathroom plenty of towels and wash clothes. I was not at all impressed with the soaps however. The soaps and shampoos provided were not luxurious and had virtually no smell. And speaking of soaps once you used them the housekeeping staff did not refill them. Odd. I spotted a house keeper in the hall and asked for more. She loaded me up with them. One of the most genius things was the open ended toilet paper holder. Why didn't they think of this sooner? One end of the toilet paper dispenser is left free so the refilling is a snap. I have got to look for one those for my bathroom.The bed was very comfortable with few exceptions. The pillows were large and surprising heavy. I've never encountered that in a pillow before. They were cumbersome to move around. Concerning the sheets I was reminded of a Seinfeld episode in which George did not want the corners tucked. The sheets were tucked so tightly I could not move my feet. A serving tray sits on the foot of bed and makes a great snack table for drunken feasts in the middle of the night.Yes of course there is free wifi available on up to 4 devices (i think). There are two options of wifi available. One being free and the other a turbo charged version is I believe $50 per day so be very careful to select the free option. Once connected wifi is available through out the hotel.A very nice work station sits in front of a mirrored wall. A large picture window includes two type of powered shades. Light diffusing and black out. Took me a minute to figure out how to use that but it was a nice feature. I opted for light diffusing. You can still see out but it blocks harsh light. Blackout, well you know what that is.There is a mini bar in the room and naturally it consists of overpriced items. I'm not sure if certain rooms come with more mini bar options but there was a list of items on the menu that i did not see in my room. Perhaps you had to call up for them. Who knows?Be forewarned. Don't think you can eat some $8 pringles and then replace them with a 99 cent version from the local Walmart or whatever the equivalent is in Vegas. As soon as you pick an item up off the tray you will be charged. Even if you just pick it up and replace it.What is there to do at MGM Grand? So, so much. Eat of course. There is a food court and if you go you'll want to stop at the place that makes the crepes. there's also a McDonalds if you want to watch your budget.For finer dining check out Emeril's, Joel Rubochon, Tom Collichio's or Wolfgang Puck's restaurants. I've heard tell there is a buffet at the Grand. In fact I was there years before but this time around I did not see/find it. So i'm not sure if it's still there.You may also want to check out Wet Republic the pool/night club. And speaking of nightclubs do stop into Rouge it's fantastic! If you are bored you can also do the CSI game/tour where you try and solve a crime CSI style.Naturally there is gaming and lots of it. There's a pretty large casino and while smoking is allowed there is a lovely fragrance piped in which does nicely to drown out the smell of cigarettes unless of course you happen to be near someone smoking.The hotel is very large but surprisingly easy to navigate. I didn't get lost once.The Grand is a bit far down the strip within walking distance is Excalibur which has an indoor walkway that will take you the Luxor and Mandalay Bay. To venture further down the strip you may want to purchase a daily pass for the Deuce. The Vegas Strip Bus. An all day pass is only $8 and it runs approximately every 15 minutes 24 hours a day.There is a system for hailing a car or taxi but much like check-in there is often a long line. I caught a taxi several times before I wised up and learned of the bus. It seems there is no such thing as a taxi ride under $20 in Vegas.
3	The suites are nice and although the lines are long it moves fast. The check in person we got had no personality which sucked...but I have to say thanks as we missed our flight so came a day later and they still accepted our online booking. What I disliked the most about gambling here was that every time I lit a cigarette at a smoking table, the pit managers would come by and make a rude comment. Such as " hey [dealer name] do you smoke?" She said no he turns back and says looking directly at me "well you do now".... And similar remarks were made such as" that smells disgusting how can you do that" ??!!!???!!! Had I known MGM was so anti smoking I would've gladly gambled elsewhere!!! It's a nice hotel so I'll give it 3 stars but I've never encountered such rude floor managers in Vegas!
5	I once spent five consecutive days inside of the MGM Grand without ever leaving the premises AND I enjoyed every bit of it! Impressive, right?! (I am not a hermit, this place seriously just has it all!)I've had many business trips to Vegas (40+ days in Vegas last year) and MGM definitely is on my top hotel list. Why? It has everything I could ever want. The rooms are modern, comfortable, clean, and spacious. Wifi, great TV, and the cardio room are all included in the resort fee. While these aren't necessary for a crazy Vegas time, they definitely make the stay more comfortable. What really makes this place top-notch is the variety of dining and entertainment. There is an excellent combination of restaurants- everything from fast food and pizza to top-rated restaurants. It was great! I was able to save some cash on breakfast and lunch so I had more money for the fun stuff. As for entertainment, there are shows, a beautiful pool, places to drink, gamble, and the kind of people watching only Vegas could offer.The hotel has a very young and fun feeling. If I was bringing a bunch of friends out,  MGM Grand would be my top choice. My stay was excellent.
4	We had an enjoyable stay at the MGM Grand Hotel.  The rooms are very nice, modern, and comfortable.  We didn't have any issues while we were there at all, and the staff was very friendly.The only negative was that (I agree with another reviewer on this) it is a VERY big hotel.  It took us about 15 minutes to get to our room each time we entered the building.  The pool area is phenomenal.  There are several pools to choose from, with the lazy river being the highlight.  If you want a tube though, you will have to pay $16.  If you are staying for more than a couple days, I recommend just buying the smaller tubes that they have for purchase.  They are a couple bucks cheaper, and you can keep them and use them every time you go to the pool.I was a little bit disappointed that the lions weren't there anymore!  Last time I was in Vegas, that was such a fun highlight for me!  They do have a lot of other entertainment on site though.  If I had more time (and if tickets were a bit cheaper), I would have loved to see David Copperfield's show!  Overall, the pros far outweighed the cons for our stay and I would recommend this hotel.
3	People aren't kidding when they say its a massive hotel. I think I finally figured out how to get around on my last day there. The best part of this hotel is the pool, hands down. Easily the best pool of all the hotels I've stayed at on the strip. I'm a sucker for lazy rivers. One of the days we were there they shut down the lazy river due to someone getting sick I'm guessing but nbd we just went to one of the many other pools. Tip: go early if you want a good spot.I've docked one star for the overall room. It was nice but I think I've gotten so accustomed to the beautiful rooms bathrooms in some of the other resorts that this one was a disappointment. It's got nothing on the ones in hotels like the Cosmo or the Venetian. And one star gets docked for the service. There were two days that we were there for the whole day and our room was cleaned once and that too at 5 pm. And we were in the room at the time so it was basically just a replenishing of the towels. Not a huge deal but it was weird that we'd come back from the pool and there wasn't any fresh towels.Overall, not a bad place. Good location, especially with the newer clubs like Hakkasan and Marquee in the area. My favorites are on the other end of the Strip but that made for some interesting walks. I personally probably wouldn't be back though, I've stayed at places that left more of an impression.
1	I had a very unpleasant stay! I checked in August 5 and I booked my hotel through hotels.com. My overall stay is 167 including tax which is great for 2 days but when we came to the front desk MGM charge me for 256!!!! For deposit and resort fee which is ridiculous! You charge me guys more than my stay??!!! Doesn't make any sense at all! On top of that the room I had the cable off and it took them an hour and 30 to come by and fix it?? Wow! there's your customer service. I hope they refund my money already up until now I still don't have the money in my account for 200 it's been like 7 days and the gal I spoke to said it's 4-7 business days. Never going back here they lost 1 customer by doing this. I hope this one helps for other guys planning to stay at Mgm
3	My fiancee (now husband ;)) and I got married at the MGM Grand on May 4, 2014.... Which was a Sunday and just so happened to be the day after the Mayweather fight.  FINE.  We got to the hotel Sunday morning at 11am and requested an early checkin as we booked one of the 16 penthouses for our ceremony and reception.  The gentleman was very nice and stated that he could probably get us in around 1PM.  Great!  He called housekeeping to ensure there was an open room that could be cleaned as a rush.  He indicated he had our numbers and would call by 2 pm.  NEVER HAPPENED.  Since 3 pm is the POSTED check in, I thought for sure we would get the call be 3.  NOT.    We went back to the hotel at 3:30 to inquire about our room and the desk said the room was still not ready.  We FINALLY got the call at 4:12PM that our room was ready--- then came the 45 minutes for our luggage to arrive from the bell desk.  Ceremony was set to begin at 6:30... Needless to say we had to postpone the ceremony by 30 minutes. FINE.The room was gorgeous for our intimate ceremony and reception--- I highly recommend it for a non-traditional wedding or 2nd wedding.  The skyline is EPIC AT SUNSET!!That being said, I was disappointed when the doorbell rang at 8:30AM the next morning.  SERIOUS?  Check out is 10 AM.... Who the hell rings a doorbell that early in the am in Vegas. And they were back again at 9:30.  SHIT. WAIT TILL THE CHECK OUT TIME BEFORE RINGING DOORBELLS!The ONLY reason I am giving this 3 stars is because the space was perfect for our occasion and when we called for housekeeping, they also brought up additional paper towels, toilet paper and trash bags.  Other than that, the check in service was NOT acceptable... Over an hour late and an add'l hour for luggage. Then the early disturbance in the AM.Shame shame MGM. I know you made your $$ the night before with all the boxing fans but a little appreciation for the little guys would have been nice.
5	Their service staff (house keeping, servers, front desk etc) are friendly, helpful and fast. Thank you all for your excellent service!
2	I remember MGM Grand as one of the best hotel/casinos on the strip, and now it's just, ugh, or eh.  Their buffet is horrific and their casino had this horrible vanilla smell mixed with like tobacco, just wasn't a good look.  I won't even mention the crowds just because I understand, it's Vegas in the middle of the afternoon, whatever.  My husband and I literally waited for our car at valet for as long as we spent eating at their buffet, but the valet attendant was very sweet, so 1 star for him. I just don't know what happened to this place.
5	This is my second stay in MGM and loved and sure will come back! Love the river pool that they have! And room even the cheapest rooms are in luxury futuristic style even small rooms are nice to enjoy ur stay!
3	I enjoyed my stay here at the MGM.  Check in was easy and prompt.  Most of the staff are very friendly and smile and say hello to you in the halls.  The rooms are very nice, clean, and modern, oh wait except for the 2 bloody booger smears that it looked as though someone had been jumping on the bed and smeared on the ceiling, like my brother used to do at home. Gross! I made sure not look at the ceiling or else I would start gagging.  I love the blackout shades.  I also really liked Michael Minas Pub.  I planned on doing all my day drinking there and having lunch there again, but unfortunately they dont open till 5pm on weekdays.  I tried the Tap Room, and their food was really good, but unfortunately they didnt offer much on tap. They probably had between 10-15 beers and I wish there was more than just the 3 standard ipa's that everybody else had as well.  Damn it Michael Minas why cant you open earlier!!!  I ended up taking my day drinking business to another hotel that had a pub with a large draught list and good variety as well as happpy hour.  Love the pool area. Even though it was very busy we never had trouble finding seats. I like that there are different pools to choose from.  A bucket of 5 beers is $35.00, not bad!  When we checked in I asked if we could have a late check out and was told I couldnt set that up in advance and I would have to call the morning of check out, the earlier the better.  So morning of check out I call the front desk at 5am and was told late check out was not available, but I could book another night or still have to check out at 11am.  Not sure why late check out was not offered when I booked online.  After I had already booked my room, I had went to the MGM Grand website probably a week later and noticed they were offering a late check out option for $20.00, also for the same dates I was staying, and also with one of their summer promotions.  I wish I had this option when I booked online.  You would think after staying here for 5 nights they would have been nice enough to let me have a late check out.
5	From bachelor parties to weekend getaways, it's always a pleasure staying at the MGM Grand.Close to the center of the strip, lots of great restaurants for anything from quick to fine dining, TWO Starbucks' locations, fairly generous craps and blackjack tables haha.The lady who helped me check in for our stay this past weekend was exceptionally cheerful and helpful. She asked what in particular brought me to Vegas for that weekend. I let her know that it was a reunion of sorts and that we were all staying in 3 or so different suites at the MGM. Long story short she was nice enough to upgrade our suite and even send up a comp'd bottle of champagne for free!! The hotel employee who brought up the champagne even addressed me by name and specifically asked "I hope this weekend has been to your special expectations" with a smile. WoW. Talk about great customer service.The pools and day club, the restaurants, suite amenities, and most importantly the supreme customer service. What a great value at a reasonable price. It's always nice to go to Vegas with friends and/or someone special (wherever you stay, on the strip or downtown), get more than you pay for in the area of suite upgrade accommodations and free bottles, have the time of your life, get treated like a king, and then come up huge at the tables to equate it to a free trip! -civilities.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the MGM! My favorite party hotel to stay at. The rooms in the Grand tower are gorgeous and this hotel is always lively. And to be quite honest, I have never seen so many beautiful, gorgeous youth all together, staying under the same roof. Perfect for the young singles, bachelor/bachelorette partiers, young couples, etc.  Unlike other Vegas casinos where I tend to see a lot of older folk playing the slots and tables, it looks more like your college frat house here. Great atmosphere at reasonable prices...Also, the Grand Pool complex is fun and hip and a great way to chill and get some sun for the day. Additionally, Hakkasan, their on-site night club is jumping! Great music and a great crowd. I had a blast here with my husband and our friends. The food options are good too! Plenty to choose from. Parking is good, although we tend to park and never see our car again until it's time to start the drive home. Overall, great hotel--my absolute FAVORITE!
5	The MGM Grand Hotel was fantastic. My wife and I had an amazing stay. We enjoyed our nice view from room 15 310 and our room was very nice. We did have one issue with our sink and shower and maintenance fixed it right away, but did leave a foot print that we had to wipe up. Please, try and be a little more careful next time. So, they care about making your stay nice and had great customer service. The gambling was great and the odds seemed very fair. Cirque Du Soleil show was a 5 star show and really kept you entertained and on the edge of your seat. Yes, KA the show was a wow show you must see it. We enjoyed eating at Wolfgang Pucks and the sports bar Tap had the best burger I have ever eaten. Loved this place and I want to come back next year on my 50th birthday to celebrate. The staff were all friendly and over all everything is a 5 star.Thank you again for a wonderful stay,Matthew EasterbrookAuthor: Financial Revolution and My Life Around The Big House
2	Well,  the last stay did not go well,  it is always something everytime we go.  Annoying little inconveniences or a desk clerk that acts like we interrupted his well deserved  time alone.  People opening our rooms with suit cases in hand because the room was double booked...... Awkward!  We were those people  walking in on someone 2 vacations  ago at MGM. We made a reservation for a room online waaay  ahead of time for a queen smoking room but they said they didn't have any until the next day so we had to live out of suitcases that night so we could move to the correct room in the morning.   We have collectively decided that MGM's is no longer our Hotel. Too many issues, 8 strikes... You're out.
1	Although I'm a "local" every now and then we like a little staycation and try a different hotel each time. This is one we won't return to or recommend. We stayed in the west wing, the hallways are grey and bland looks scary and cheap! Put some colors or artwork on the walls...two different carpets at one point....ugly! Room was super small, I felt like we were at a small town motel not the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. We had plans so we freshened up and left for the evening, we arrived back (late) fell asleep and the next morning while getting ready my fiance sitting in a chair notices there was a dirty pair of boxers under the bed! I spoke to housekeeping since she was in the hallway, I went to speak to the front desk and of course they brought a manager. Who questioned how we didn't notice them when we arrived...as I explained to her aside from being in a hurry, we didn't expect to have to thoroughly inspect the room after all MGM is (what I thought) supposed to be a nice hotel. I Was dissapointed with the customer service from the Mgr (the registration clerk Crystal and Brennan were super friendly =) ...whatever...so we had plans again & left for the evening.The morning of checkout (which is at 11 am) so i was a little pissed when at 9 am we hear a quick knock and our door flies open followed by "housekeeping" we were still in bed so I respond "we're not ready!" Ugh that was the worst hotel experience I've ever had!!
1	I will never waste my money at an mlife property ever again!!!  I have a group of 30 coming from across the USA for a bachelor party.  I tried to reserve a $3000 suite plus 8 more rooms 6 months in advance and they let me know the do not guarantee any rooms 24/7 365 days a year.  The day you arrive they guarantee at least two adjoined rooms at a minimum but they will take your deposit for the suite??  Wow!!
4	Everything has been said about this place so I'll just say that the room was fantastic, the food was okay but Hakkasan was terrible (:
4	Great experience. The rooms are a great size and the finished are nice. I really liked the mirrors and the shades that are controlled by the panel on the wall. I also like that they have an extensive mini bar available. The bathrooms and beds are a great size and comfortable to be in. I also liked that there are so many places to grab food-plus there is 24 hour room service! I totally took advantage of this. It was AMAZING. There is a new club in MGM which is fun and a bunch of bars to visit. You are right on the strip and if you want to you can hang out the pool which has a fun party during the day. I highly recommend this hotel and would stay there again and again. Love MGM. Very impressed.
2	Obviously, I knew coming in to it that this is an older hotel and I did not have high expectations. I want to start off by saying that they really need to create a better valet service - it took us over thirty minutes to get our car after we checked out. The bathrooms in this place are old, dingy, and plain terrible. The shower and tub we had was broken; the water would get stuck going down the drain and the shower head was shooting water everywhere. We were stuck with a room on the 7th floor. It was the first time that I woke up in the middle of the night due to the street noise... in Vegas. All in all, you get what you pay for. This hotel is okay if you are just looking for a cheaper place to stay at while in Vegas. If you are going to the strip to experience the full-on Vegas experience, then I recommend going to another hotel.
4	Perhaps one of my favorite hotels to stay in Vegas. It is definitely on the higher end, so definitely book in advance or search for deals. Staff are extremely friendly, checking in and checking out option were smooth and fast. Rooms are beautiful, extremely clean. I love the little jacuzzi in the bigger suites for soaking your feet after a night of crazy dancing. I would definitely come back, if I 1) Richer 2) Special Promotion (wink wink)
2	First let's start out with a review of the hotel stay.  Although rooms are renovated, it still looked dated, with low ceilings, little lighting and small bathrooms.  What made it worse was that they gave us a room on the 7th floor facing the roof with green light glaring at us all night long.  The motor for the roll up shades were broken.  There was noise coming from outside traffic, people walking in the hallways.  Then we were the lucky recipients of a handicap suite, we are not handicap obviously, so it sucked that there is no tub to soak in.  We called for the switching of the room but was told that there wasn't any room available...or basically we were told to suck it up.  Not I'm leaving the best parts for the casino.  They basically tried to suck every last drop of money from you at the tables by jacking up the minimum to unbelievable heights.  I'm talking $50-$100 minimums, even when the tables is not full.  The dealings look miserable and pissed, the players are all piss because no one is winning money.  If I had a choice I would definitely not be back.
2	MEH.I stayed here over labor day weekend (I'm checking out as we speak) and I was not impressed at all. The lobby still looks like it did in the 90s. The gift shop is not remotely up to par with many of the other local hotels. Pretty sure the ugliest shirts ever are sold there and they haven't remodeled since I was 12.I stayed on the 25th floor. The rooms were updated since the 90s but for some reason they couldn't spend the $20 to cover up the hole between the front door and the carpet.That being said, I can hear AND feel anytime someone nearby walks by or closes/opens their door. This is absurd for a hotel that is supposedly high end. The doors don't seem to be shut solid so it also shakes anything a door is closed. So if you need a hotel in Vegas but don't plan on sleeping this is your place to be. Just make sure you don't pay a lot of $ for your room. They don't charge for wifi which is nice at least.
2	I don't think I will be staying at the MGM again. They always mess up my reservation and when they messed up my reservation for my bachelorette party that was the last straw! We booked a queen suite attached to a regular queen room and the paranoid person I am...I called multiple times to confirm this because I had 10 girls and we all wanted to be together. I arrive Friday at 9 AM only to find out that there are no more queen suites available...I was SO UPSET. They told me that it was first come first serve...WTF I RESERVED 2 ROOMS AND WAS VERY SPECIFIC ABOUT WHAT I WANTED AND PAID FOR IT! After a hour of waiting they finally came up with something: a king suite attached to a queen room -_- We took it because we had no choice and some of the girls slept on the couch and a couple on the floor...to make things worse they didn't even give us a cheaper rate! SO LAME. MGM will definitely not be my first choice in the future...this experience made me not want to come back!
1	One star. Noise can be heard from the strip on the 28th floor. REALLY?!? woke up both nights multiple times to sirens, a helicopter flying to the Las Vegas airport .2 miles down the same road this Casino/Hotel is on!! its ridiculous!!! if your going to be in a loud area then at least have sound proof windows or get windows that dont let as much sound it like other hotels. also, there have been many instances when my family comes to this hotel that they ALWAYS happen to give a king bedroom when we ALWAYS specifically asked for 2 Queen bedrooms. of course they think its our fault and say they can do nothing about it because they were filled this Labor Day weekend. well, i didnt buy it and i asked to speak to the supervisor and oh what do you know they had a 2 bedroom room open and made us pay 20 extra  a night. no big deal about the 20 extra a night but the main point was that the check in lady said there were no more rooms available. why did she have to say that to us? she didnt. and made us lose my respect and trust to anyw hotel worker i will ever speak to again in the MGM grand. like i said before, you can hear the noise from the strip, on the 28TH FLOOR. it is the highest floor in the entire hotel and yet i can still hear the ambulances, music, people, and the freakin helicopter that passes every 30 minutes to land at McCarren airport which is down the street a quarter mile. RICIDICULOUS.update: since starting the yelp review, 4 helicopters have passed and its 9:31 am hahahahhahaa wow. also, as you can see, they put promotional posters on the outside windows, that seriously hurt your eyes/ block the strip view if your trying to look at it. LOL SO MUCH FOR THE STRIP VIEW. MY EYES WOULD HURT WHEN I TRIED TO LOOK! also, the previous reviews are correct about it being mostly loud, obnoxious college students and it being a frat hotel more than an actuall, RELAXING vacation.i have never had a more horrible time in the Vegas than staying at the MGM. i knew i should have stayed with my normal hotels when i come here, Venetian, Aria, and The Hotel, or now as it is called, Delano. i cant wait to come back and avoid the MGM next time. basically if your looking to not sleep and you dont like to be in your hotel room, MGM is the place to stay. LOL
3	The new rooms are nice, simple and straight to the point. Not extremely luxurious but still nice and comfy. The hotel also has a lot of restaurants and things to do and see like the tigers, and KA which I loved by the way! I might try staying at this hotel next time I am in Vegas because it's in the middle of the strip and is easily accessible from other areas of the strip.
1	This review is specifically targeted for the Stay Well portion. The hotel was so dirty when we first walked in. The trash was filled, the bed was unmade with hairs everywhere on white sheets, the bathroom was strewn with dirty towels and there were pillows everywhere on the floor. It is so disappointing to walk into a room and seeing this. I will never ever stay here or at the regular MGM again. I will be posting pictures on here just so everyone can see how gross it was! The whole process of changing rooms took 45 minutes. Unfortunately this hindered our plans for the night and we ultimately had to cancel. They moved us to a room facing the Hooters hotel/airport and all we could hear were airplanes taking off all night. I specifically wanted to stay at the Stay Well part of the hotel but I will never again stay at any MGM affiliation. You will be disappointed. It's not even worth the extra money.
1	OK rooms, a bit smaller then most hotels. The service is terrible!! We called ahead of time to ask if the have mini fridges in the rooms. They said yes, so we book it. Come here and see here isn't. We go downstairs and rudely the man said uhh no the cheap rooms don't have mini fridges- the expensive ones do. I didn't know that MGM is cheap in general? Huh, okay then! The pool is over crowded and it's really small considering the size of the hotel. There are 3 pools- 1 is river rafting which you have to rent, the others are two small pools that is overcrowded. Also the food, and drinks here at the stores are crazy prices!! 5$ for 1 bottle of soda??? Are you kidding me, this isn't an island where you expect it to be really expensive. Overall I did not enjoy this hotel- the riviera monocoa suites are better then here. This was first time at MGM and I am not happy about the service and hotel here. I will be giving my complaint to management here.
3	Hotel room is ok for a Las Vegas hotel. The hotel itself looks nice. Most people in their 20s and 30s staying here. First room we went to had used soap, half a roll of toilet paper, and half bag of nuts on the counter. Went back down and was given a new room immediately.
3	I'm changing my review from 1 star to 3 because of Alice. She saw my Yelp review and gave me a call to discuss my experience. She was really sweet and professional about the situation, even offering us KA tickets! The show was awesome and even though we couldn't see Atmosphere at the Brooklyn Bowl (our original plans that got delayed because of switching rooms), my boyfriend and I really appreciated it. 5 stars for Alice, 3 stars for the hotel room and 1 star for the inconvenience. Thank you again Alice!
4	MGM Grand is a seriously huge hotel. So big that we never really knew our way around after 3 days. So many entrances and 5000 rooms makes this place seem overwhelming. However they somehow make it tolerable with responsive staff and plenty of them. Overall the hotel rooms are lovely and the staff responds quickly. We called to have a lightbulb replaced in our room and they were there within the hour (though this should have been noticed and called in by the cleaning staff before we got the room.) We didn't like to gamble in the casino due to high min bets and the EXTREMELY smokey and crowded environment. There are lots of shops and restaurants though so the selection is plentiful. I would stay here again, but would prefer a hotel slightly less smokey, more intimate, and more navigable (my eyes were red from the smoke downstairs). Also, it's a hike to get out to the strip since MGM is on the far end.
4	Thanks for the room upgrade! We were originally placed in the old west tower but after our group showed up, we were moved to the Grand Tower side which was supposedly newer, upgraded and nicer. Yes, it was newer and nicer on the Grand side. Pros: Nice employees, nice rooms (loved their double automatic window shades; no sun light comes into the room in the mornings), tons of fast food and sit down restaurants, nice pools (salt water pool too), a friendly crowd/patrons at MGM, easy access from Las Vegas Blvd and to and from the I-15. Easy check out. Free fast wifi in your room. Cons: SLOW, VERY SLOW, valet parking. Even though I called down from my room, it still took 15 minutes after I checked in downstairs. Like any decent Vegas resort hotel, MGM is nice. Decent rates, they have special events there as well. MGM is a big property.
5	Stayed on 9/4/14 for family gathering.  Got a great deal on Hotels . com and got room upgrade for using my Amex.  Room was nice, hotel staff was informative and I cant wait to return for a longer stay.  This also is an apparent magnet for the young and drunk as they seem to be everywhere you look.
2	It's a shame that we had a lovely stay here and I have to give only two stars. I paid in advance with a Groupon Getaway which seemed like a great deal at the time. With tax, etc. I paid around $72 for what was a very nice room. Upon checking in I was told that I would be additionally charged a $25 resort fee (no problem) and that a $100 deposit would be put on my card and returned on checkout. Instead, two days after I checked out I got hit with a $150 charge. I called their "Billing Inquiries" number about six times. Every time, I painstakingly entered all of my information into an automated system and was then immediately disconnected every single time. A call to their customer service line was not helpful.Besides, they don't even have the lions anymore.
1	Staying here currently and I want to throw up. I don't smoke, got a non smoking room and I smell smoke constantly.  Called down to the desk and Pam sends someone up to 'spray'. Spray what your ventilation system is OLD. You really need to take a whiff. Next time we will give our business to Vdara who I'm sure will gladly take our business and accommodate us accordingly - non smoking.  I explained that my husband has asthma and we have both woken each day with a headache. This place sucks. Vdara or Trump here we come.
1	The rooms we check-in had dirty smell sock left from a previous guess. Bathroom was dirty, toilet had piss stain on the seat and hair in the sink. Another room had a glass with water and lip stain on it. Horrible service... everyone seem to be in a bad mood. They were very rude. NEVER coming back here again.
5	This review is for the awesome room service we received during labor day weekend. We were so exhausted from being out morning till late night, we decided to order room service and chill in the room. We ordered around 9:30pm, they said it would take about 40 mins, which was fine. We were prepartying before dinner anyways, lol. We ordered couple of burgers, I ordered chicken, shrimp, & steak pho, onion rings, fries, & buffalo wings. I was so surprise at how good the food was, my pho was so good, it came with all the veggie toppers. Everyone said their burgers were so juicy and perfectly cooked. The onion rings were sooooo good and the fries perfect too!! In addition, our room service person said they were out of pitchers for water, so he brought us 5 large bottles of Fiji water, and 6 beautifully decorated chocolate covered strawberries. Great job on the room service MGM!!
3	I booked a room this weekend with the MGM because I purchased tickets to watch the Mayweather fight however I was very disappointed upon entering the room because it seemed like no one had cleaned it. Yes sheets were made, however there was forks on the floor, a small bottle of baby oil, and other items. That's gross.
2	Las Vegas is the capital of the hospitality industry. I used to be in the hospitality industry, so when I go to Las Vegas I am eager to be wowed, but my expectations are reasonable because I also understand the restrictions that establishments have. So this review is as fair as it gets. Short version of this review: 1. Unbearable pulsing hum outside my room kept me up all night. 2. Food made me throw up in the morning. 3. What looked like blood spots on my friend's sheets grossed us out. (We later found out this was from the rust in the driers. Doesn't matter, fix it, get on top of your game!) 4. No compensation for any of this, no recovery on the part of the establishment. 5. STILL CHARGED ME FOR THE FOOD THAT MADE ME THROW UP AND MISS HALF OF MY CLASSES FROM MY CONVENTION! WHAT?! Yup, that's MGM, I guess. Long Version:My experience at the MGM grand was not only a disappointment, it was appalling. Worst of all, MGM knew about my issues and DIDN'T OFFER ME A THING to compensate for this. In the hospitality industry, we call this part the "recovery"...it would appear the MGM Grand Hotel and casino has never even heard of this concept. I was in Vegas for a convention for which I paid a pretty penny. I got to my hotel and the check in desk people were VERY pleasant. I then got to my room and prepared for a restful night after a long drive...NOPE, sorry, a nonstop pulsing hum coming from god knows where kept me up. I slept two hours. The following day I slept 4 hours, but the hum was gone, so this time it could be the copious amounts of oxygen pumped into my room to keep me up and gambling. But the worst part was this: I ordered some room service after not eating at all for 12 hours. The guy who delivered it was AWESOME too. Great guy, got a great tip. The following morning, after sleeping 6 hours in two nights, I wake up at 6am with a migraine and nausea. I threw up my entire meal. Being sick, I also missed 2 invaluable classes that I can never get back. MGM COST ME MONEY AND KNOWLEDGE! I reported this, a gentlemen came and got my information and details of the incident. I assumed this would allow them to make things right. But no. My food was on my bill upon check out and I insisted that they remove it. They did so without hesitation, but then the food showed up on my credit card bill! WHAT!? I couldn't even help them recover myself??? A lady got back to me a week later telling me she investigated my incident. She said no other reports were made about the salmon that night, basically subtly suggesting that it was something else despite knowing I hadn't eaten anything before their meal. But here's the thing, IT DOESN'T MATTER IF NO ONE ELSE GOT ILL, I did! No one else getting ill only shows that the salmon wasn't stored improperly, but it could still be prepared improperly as surfaces and utensils can affect the salmon in a case by case basis. My friend also had some gross spots in his room after waiting 30 minutes for his room to be ready. He said they looked like blood. Later, it was explained that the spots are rust from the dryers. That's not an excuse, fix this! The staff was very pleasant at MGM which earns them 2 stars. But if you're in the capital of the hospitality industry, act the part.
4	This is a really nice hotel overall. The rooms are nice and comfy. The facility is like a small city and you have a myriad of food and entertainment options here. You could really stay here for a few days and not leave and be pleasantly entertained.
4	I am not a big gambler but if I were this place would have been a paradise. It is huge! Someone told me that it would take us 20 minutes to get to our car from our hotel room; they were not exaggerating. The hotel itself was very clean and there was more than enough staff to accommodate the amount of guests. Our room, I believe, was in the newer section; the room itself was a very modern design and very clean. I have one complaint, the hour we had to wait just to check in. The check in desk was huge and the line was moving, there are just that many people in this place. The monorail does come to this hotel, which is convenient, just keep in mind you will have to walk a bit to get to it. The hotel itself needs a monorail. A little too big for my taste but I would probably stay again if the price were right. If you have no issues getting a little exercise just to get to the front door, or getting lost in a maze of unlimited slot machines you will probably love this place.Room Tip: the newer rooms are a very modern design unlike the basic hotel room.
5	I absolutely love this hotel! Our room is modern and comfortable, the pool is huge, and there are so many dining options you never have to leave!
4	Long, overdue review. Been here many times, keep coming back. Excellent location, to airport and everything. It is a huge resort, always busy, but very convenient. Old school, just the way I like it. And the casino hits. The rooms in the West Wing are small, reimincent of NYC, but who hangs in the room? Prefer a room off the main casino, but love a good deal and updated rooms. Oh, the pools are fabulous. You could get lost here for weeks. Always look forward to Vegas and The MGM.
1	"Ronnie" the Seacrest looking douche at the front desk was a prick.
3	I stayed at the Skyline Marquee Suite, beautiful two bedroom suite with a breathtaking view of the city. Although I was a VIP member, the staff were rude and impatient. I noticed that in general, the staff were not very courteous to the other guests as well. If MGM wants to compete with the many other hotels in Vegas, they need to train their staff to have more class.. Especially to their invited guests and VIP members.
5	The newer part of the hotel is very swanky. Great concierge service, super knowledgeable about events and best places for dining and entertainment.Room service and housekeeping get thumbs up too.Wet Republic! Holy bananas! it's a lot of fun!Great weekend for sure.
4	really nice service.  i felt like a high roller when i asked questions.    my only complaint was that the whisky bar (whisky down) was a little pricy and couldn't make a sazarac which is my favorite whisky cocktail. (and the first cocktail created in america)
4	1st time staying at the MGM - wouldn't have picked it, but MyVegas gave me a comp, and we upgraded to the Spa Suite...so glad we did... The room was big, comfy bed, awesome hot tub.  My only draw back was the shower ran out of hot water in just a couple of minutes, which was odd because the hot tub stayed as hot as you would want it... This casino is huge, lots to play, close to the monorail - which I love, and has lots of eateries.  Favorite part of the trip, looking out our window from the 10th floor into a back alley... saw a suv limo pull up and a cop on a bike block the alley... and guess who gets ushered in pretty quickly - Taylor Swift... nice :)
3	Pros: Nice rooms, great pools, good service. Cons: Long lines for everything, a loooong walk to get anywhere in the resort, and it's designed to separate you from as much as your money as possible as quickly as possible. Example: There are no water fountains to be found anywhere on the property, and they charge five bucks for a bottle of water. May be a great place if you have way too much money and don't know what to do with it.
4	Wonderful but such a fat walk to everywhere.  The suite was amazing,   The service was 5., even the maids were nice.   A few small problem in our room like blinds,  etc but they were repaired immediately.  We will stay there again.  I'm trying to plan my next trip now.
2	The overall experience was great but I did leave my watch there and the manager Jamila or however it is spelled refused to send me my watch back free of charge and even asked me "now why would we do that" and I just thought that maybe since we spent the weekend at the MGM (3 rooms) pool parties, the fight, the clubs that out of courtesy MGM would pay the $12 it would cost to send me my watch free of charge but no. Its all about money and I will be taking my business to Luxor from now on! Thanks Jamila
1	Very disappointed in their customer service! My wife and I are scheduled to stay at the mgm this weekend to see a concert at their venue. (The reason we chose mgm in the first place). Well the concert was moved to an outdoor beer fest. Trying to get ahold of any customer service to question why the concert was moved and why the tickets I purchased for $85 dollars are now equal to a $60 general admission ticket has been unsuccessful. So in attempt to talk to any human I called the reservation number and was greeted by a woman who was very short and unfriendly, in fact down right rude and was unwilling to transfer me or answer any questions I had. We will be staying at the mgm this weekend  but only because it is too late to change hotels. Needless to say we will not be spending/gambling any money there!
2	I've stayed here several times over the years, but I was disappointed with this last stay this past week. I was expecting to get a room of similar quality I've always had before, since I booked the same type of room all the time. I was excited before I got here because of past experience and how nice everyone and everything was. The room I got this last time was much smaller and although there was a complete renovation of all the rooms done, this room felt cramped and fragile. The glass doors were not lined up exactly, so if you closed the door to the toilet, it would rub the contact area with the hinge, which was also glass. I understand modern design, but it just seemed really cramped. In addition, you would think with the room renovations done, they would have thought to upgrade the cardio room to an actual fitness center. The ridiculous $28 resort fee is not justified by providing wifi and access to this cardio room with only a few machines working and almost as many not working. Before the renovation, you at least got a daily newspaper and printing services for certain items.
1	The staff is rude.    Amenities dated.     Much Better options available.  Staff is Unwilling to help, especially the front desk.   Rooms are dirty.   Avoid.
5	One of my favorite hotels on the strip, and it's a CLASSIC.Huge lobby where you can take a picture with their iconic golden lion, but the real magic is in the casino! Who comes to Vegas and doesn't hit up the casino at least once. I love playing here. The dealers are all really nice and friendly.The rooms are nice and clean, and the hotel service is superior to most hotels out there.MGM might actually pass for my FAVORITE hotel!
4	I have stayed here 3 times and have always had a great overall experience. Good deals on rates with Mlife promotions. Rooms have always been impeccably clean. Great service from all employees. Check in line looks long but moves well. Monorail station is one of the closest to the hotel out of all of the stops. I am a roulette player, and this is one of the only places on the strip where you can find European roulette (single zero and only half-loss on even money bets if it hits zero) for $25 minimum at non-peak times.Only downsides:Valet parking is a bit slow when picking up, especially in the mornings. Plan on 15-20 minutes of waiting after handing in your ticket at the counter to be safe.West Tower rooms are small and are really best for solo travelers or couples who are going to spend almost no time in the room. My understanding is that this was the original hotel tower from the 1970s (although 100% updated now) and the rest of the complex was built around it.
4	Before arriving, I read a lot of negative reviews about the MGM grand and made me extremely nervous. Luckily, there were not any issues and we both enjoyed our stay :) Checking in? We arrived at 930am our room was ready but check in wasn't until 3pm so we paid an extra $20 and got our room key right away..so worth it! Grand King room? Our view was incredible! The windows were 'about' ceiling to floor length. The room was very clean and trust me, I checked everything after some of the reviews I read! All the amenities were up to date although I was disappointed there wasn't an ihome in every room. Pool? It's massive. There are a lot of locations to choose from which means a lot of chairs but 1pm on a nice day they will still all be taken! Alcoholic drinks are way overpriced with not enough alcohol, wouldn't recommend buying them. Location? Yes, it is at the far end of the strip but there is a monorail close by that is extremely convenient :)
1	Definitely never staying here again. I booked a Stay Well suite a couple months in advance. We checked in after 3 and were given our room keys, but once we got in we realized it wasn't cleaned. There were sheets on the floor, food everywhere, CONDOM wrappers, just absolutely disgusting. I called the front desk and they told us they had nothing else available, even after asking twice, the girl said there were no room available we would have to wait for staff to clean our room. REALLY? The only other option was a 2 bedroom on the same floor. We were tired after the long drive and said fine.Going into the 2 bedroom we realized it was worse than the first. The closet was almost non existent, the lights flickered, the window shades were crooked. We were basically downgraded as their solution to not having our room ready.We went down to the front desk lugging our stuff with us and complained that we needed a new room. Magically one appeared, after I was told over the phone there were none available. They gave us a $50 credit for food. Whoop dee doo.We finally got into our room and felt like we would actually get to relax until we heard our neighbors. SCREAMING at the top of their lungs. I realize the hotel can't control guests but I couldn't help by wonder if we would be staying next to neighbors from hell if our first room had been ready when it was supposed to be. All in all a terrible experience. I'm not even looking for a comp or apology. I vote with my money. I will never stay at mgm ever again. I will tell my friends and co-workers so they wont be cheated by this place.
5	I had such a great time and an awesome experience at the MGM Grand Hotel.  We booked a suite in the Stay Well section of the hotel.  We arrived at the hotel a bit early and it wasn't a problem.  We walked into the Stay Well Lounge and we were greeted with cucumber water during our check in and we were immediately checked into our suite.  I highly recommend the City View Suite.  We did not have to wait in that long check in line that i saw as we walked into the lobby.  When we arrived in our suite  OMG, purified water, air filters, no smoke smell, no dust, turndown service, chocolate covered strawberries and champagne...I could go on and on, but that would be bragging.  Well in that case, let me go on and on...We wanted to see KA on a night that was sold out and the concierge made it happen, he also made our dinner reservations for us.  Everyone from our the housekeeping staff (they leave a note for you so you know who your housekeepers are), to the concierge, to the black jack dealer were so friendly and kind.  They almost made me forget that I lost a bunch of money during my stay...lol.  In any event, I highly recommend staying at the MGM Grand Hotel.  Request one of the "Stay Well" Suites.  It doesn't get better than this...well maybe the Skylofts, but that's another review that I will be writing in November :)  Stay tuned...xoxo,Trish
5	Had a wonderful experience despite being apprehensive after reading so many poor reviews.  Here is my response to some of the common complaints:1. Check in.  Yes there was a line, it moved quickly , room was ready and charges were explained up front and check out was quick and accurate as well2. West Wing.  Yes it not luxury , but it suited our needs just fine, exits right onto the strip, comfy bed, room service was amazing.  Agreed that the bathroom set up is awkward and I would not recommend it if it's your first trip together as a couple or you are shy about your bowel habits (lol) but we will be back next year. We did not once smell cigarette smoke or the elevators which we were right beside3. Size of hotel.  Compared to our casinos in Connecticut, all the casinos here were small , so no... Did not feel that the walk to anything was an inconvenience4. Dinning:  we only ate at The Avenue... Breakfast was amazing .  Pricey... But it's vegas and I was on vacation.... So not an issue for me.  Otherwise there are several places we grabbed coffee and snacks( the crepes... To die for ) but if we wanted, there were plenty if choices and price ranges to choose from5. WiFi.  Perfect connection the entire stay6. Stolen items.  There is a safe in the room.  The hotel has them for a reason and you should always use them. Period.All in all, we were very pleasantly surprised and are hoping to make it back out within the next year!
2	I will tell you why the 2 stars; first for a hotel to have so many restaurant and have them closed down after 10:00PM is ridiculous. There was a LA Kings convention and the Harvest 91 3 day festival, tons of people with no where to eat but at McDonald's  and other low key establishments at the MGM? That's my main gripe.Second, while at the "Directors" pool the hostess on Sunday noon the 5th; a fat Hispanic women, walked pass me at least 6 times and never once asked if we needed drinks.  I had to go to the bar and order my drinks. There I could hear her gossiping about her fat a$$ fitting into a dress.Wolfgang Puck needs to step it up, the pizza margarita is not suppose to have sauce?Maybe I am being to critical, but after partying and hungry you don't want to be told this is your only choice.Here's an idea?You should have the restaurants rotate staying open late for your many patrons.The west wing hallways?  What was the idea behind making them so long?  What were you thinking? The check in was great no issues.The room was fine.The pools are in great shape.I enjoyed the amenities while open.Your automated Check out was a breezeAdvise at check in, close to the elevators might not be so bad...You guys did it right at Aria?
5	Their suites are so big and pretty! I stayed in the one bedroom suite and it's seriously big enough to fit 5+ people. The living room had a pull out bed. It had a dining room table. And the bathroom had a bathtub shower and a shower with double sinks! The only down side is the suite is the last room in the hallways so be prepared to make some hallways runs when you're drunk :) haha so much fun. Check out was at 11, but since I was super hungover the maid started cleaning a different room. Thank goodness for her!
3	Check-in was fast and simple, and the girl behind the counter was funny and cute. Everything in the casino is very convenient for those staying at the hotel, and there aren't any long walks to get to different services or amenities. The room itself was okay. My bed was very comfortable, and I like the automatic double curtains. The bathroom seemed a bit run down, however.
4	This hotel was a lot of fun. I love the focus on celebrity chefs. Food was great,,,,, don't eat at the buffet though.
4	I attended a conference at the MGM Grand and stayed there as well. I was impressed with the size and comfort of my room; housekeeping left my room spotless;  there was never any significant wait for an elevator (a problem at some mega-hotels); the ventilation was superb, I was never bothered by smoke; the support the hotel provided the conference was top notch.  There were issues with the conference itself but that had nothing to do with the hotel.  The Grand Buffet had very good food.   Check-in did involve waiting in line but that is Vegas for you.  I have three minor complaints.  One, service in the Lobby bar was slow even though it was not crowded. Two, the West Wing bar was never open even during posted hours.  Pity as it seemed like it would be a nice quiet place to have a drink.  Three, the David Copperfield show was frustrating as sight lines from my top-price seat were not that good.  I'll review that separately as well.  Oh, and the prices.  I paid almost twice as much for my Starbucks latte as I pay at home but again, that's Vegas!  Oh, and the damn "resort fee" which everyone is charging now.  It's a scam but what are you going to do?
5	While visiting Vegas I decided to stay here at the MGM even though they're many great hotels in Vegas. Check-in was okay, a bit crowded but they had many works at the check-in desks to accommodate everyone. I paid for early check-in because I had an early flight and didn't wanna walk around but check-in and rest up some. Everything was great while i was at the MGM besides the wait on food. They warned us that the food would take up to 30 mins to an hour to reach our room but the food was so good therefore it was worth the wait. I'll just think that since it a huge hotel with an up coming boxing match that they would be staffed to handled hugh crowds and hugh orders. Besides that again everything was great from the pools, rooms/bathrooms neat and clean. Just superb. I'll definitely be staying here on my next visit to Vegas just not during a hugh boxing match.
4	We were nervous about our stay following some of the negative reviews we read online.However we were pleasantly suprised with the quality of this hotel. We stayed in the staywell part of the hotel and the room was fantastic. Great bed, never had such a comfy bed in an American hotel before. The room was new and the bathroom large,
4	Awesome hotel...especially during frozen fury, with all the kings fans around. This hotel can get pretty confusing with the east and west wing and all the different elevators. Staff has always been great and rooms are very nice and very clean.
4	Just stayed here for a long weekend. Overall, a great experience. I was a little discouraged at check in when they did not have the King room I had reserved so they 'upgraded' me to a room with 2 queen beds but the room itself was bigger.  The room was clean and we were happy with it.You never really have to leave the hotel itself. Between the shops, the choice of restaraunts, and other things to do. The casino was my favorite out of Paris, Flamingo, Luxor, Harrahs.  It smells amazing! Lol I will say the resort itself and everything in it was always crowded, so if your're not into that. All staff we encountered were friendly and helpful.It is an easy walk to Ny Ny as well as Excalibur with an escalader and walkway. Beware there is a $200 hold on your card at check in! With lots of resort fees just like pther hotels.
3	We stayed at the MGM Grand for 3 nights with mixed reviews.  The staff was very friendly, helpful, and customer service oriented.  The casino was nice, your basic middle ground between the low and high end options on the strip, and the pool was very nice.  The lazy river was great, although we could have lived without the repetitive techno music playing poolside.  Our room was serviceable, but not great.  We were in the extended part of the west wing, and the room felt very thrown together.   We had a single king room; it was very small and generally lacking in amenities.  No refrigerator, no coffee maker, only 1 tiny window and truly terrible lighting.  My boyfriend commented that it felt like a David Lynch movie, and not in a good way.  It felt like night time even in the morning.  You want to be able to see yourself when you get dressed to go out.The bathrooms were the biggest challenge, though.  Very small, and completely lacking privacy.  When you enter the hotel room from the exterior hallway, you are in your bathroom.  The bathroom and the foyer are one and the same.  The shower was nice, but the only thing separating the toilet from the rest of the hotel room is a very thin glass door that doesn't close well. It feels very exposed.  Not great for a couple.  There was very little counter space And the lighting in the bathroom was honestly the worst I've ever seen in a hotel.  Very dim, green, and harsh.  The light is in the center of the mirror, so only half of your face is lit up.  Clearly not designed by someone who needs to put on makeup.  It's all stylish at a glance, but not designed with any thought for detail or function.Not sure if we would stay here again.  If we do, we would certainly request a room in a different part of the hotel.  Maybe some blocks are better than others.
4	Hubs and I stayed 10-7 thru 10-10. Booked the trip in January and have been fearful since booking due to the wild swings in reviews. I can say that we're completely satisfied with our stay.  It has been about 15 years since my one and only trip to Vegas and my husband had never been. We arrived on a Tuesday and figured out as the week wore on that this is THE day to check in without lines. Check in was quick and efficient. Everyday thereafter the lines got increasing longer. So I can't speak to anything other than my experience, which was great.  We stayed in a Grand King room in the West Tower. Our room was very nice and spacious. We had a decent view, clean room and comfortable bed. The blackout shades were great for late nights and sleeping in. The room stayed relatively cool, but a little warm under the covers. Maybe I'm just used to sleeping with a ceiling fan on at home. The facility is enormous and I joked that maybe we might have the layout memorized before we left. It is at on one far side of the strip and we liked it that way. The Hubs and I joked that we enjoyed watching the "crazy " further down the strip, but that it was nice that it wasn't right outside our door. We took the monorail that stops at the MGM to a lot of places and it was very convenient. We ate at the Wolfgang Puck restaurant after attending KA. Both of these experiences were great. It has been stated before and I will reiterate that they really do have just about everything you could possibly need in this facility. Lots of food choices whether you want fast food, fast casual, or fancy restaurants.   Join M Life, it really is worth it. The Hubs and I played quite a bit of blackjack and racked up a lot of points and enough comps to make it worth our while. Concierge was friendly and helpful as well as any other staff member we encountered.  Overall wonderful stay and I can't wait to come back.
3	A Grand Hotel with a large Golden Lion at the  door to greet you.  This is a heritage place on the strip with reasonable rate and maintained as part of a now larger casino group.  If you register in the MLife rewards program, you can get room rate and other discounts / rewards.  Nice location handy to the shows and other stuff on the strip.
3	Too big.  It takes forever to get anywhere.  The rooms are nice.  Service is prompt.  The overall decor feels dated.
3	We usually stay at the Encore and decided to give this place a try. The wait is crazy long to get a room key and they charge you extra if you want access to your room sooner! You end up spending about the same as the higher price hotels for less quality.  You don't even have tv's in bathroom and hotel feels dirty.
1	This is the worst hotel experience that I have had in Las Vegas.  The rooms were to be discounted 30% because we were coming in with a group, only to find out that we were charged the regular rate.  Please, this was no regular hotel room, it was a glorified motel room and when I inquired about the state of the room, I was informed that the rooms had simply been remodeled from the old Marina Motel/Hotel from many years ago and linked to the rest of the hotel.  If you are not clusterphobic, you will become one.  You walk in to the bathroom first and then get to your room.  The A/C unit is your nightstand.  The drawers for your clothes are old but painted, looks like something out of the fifties.  There is no room on the sink counter for you to put your brush let alone your make-up bag or anything else.  There are no hooks to hang anything.  After taking a shower, you need to walk into the bathroom stahl to grab a fresh towel, since there is no where to put it.  Why is the shelving for the fresh towels over the toilet seats, I couldn't begin to explain....  The chairs in the roms will give you vericose veins.  They are very uncomfortable. Here is the great part, there is nothing that divides the bathroom from the bedroom really but a unsealed glass door.  So, watch out!  Should you have a bowel movement, expect to relish in the aroma for your entire stay since there is no aspirator or anything else to help vent the room.  The room is dark, the window is a 3'x3' opening.  It is a coffin.  Now for the bed.  Since it is impossible to sleep next to the air conditioning unit, everyone must sleep on the other side and therefore, the mattress is lumpy.  I went to management to express my disappointment and they really don't care....It is all about their bottom line and not about the guest experience and this guest will NEVER go back to the MGM or any of its affiliates.  Spare yourself the agony and go somewhere else.  Keep your dignity.WiFi is free up to a limit.  You can pay $50/day for more data.  Really??????
4	The redesigned rooms are really nice, and the casino and restaurants are standard, nicely appointed Vegas offerings. The pools are still open in late October, which is great. My two complaints are that water pressure in the shower is low and that wifi is hit or miss. I'm trying to get work done but can't get a proper connection at the moment.
1	We booked this 4 star hotel and arrived at 10:30 am. Despite the 3:00 pm check in, our room was not ready until 4:00. Our room was in the West Wing which was absolutely awful and separate from the other rooms in this hotel. I stayed here a few years ago in a different wing and the rooms were totally different. We were excited that the hotel had an adults only pool. Unfortunately, that pool along with 2 other pools were closed to us for 5 of the 6 days we were there because the hotel hosted special events on them. They played very loud rap music at the pool so napping poolside was not an option. We had to pay $168 in resort fees for our 6 night stay. The WiFi worked sporadically & it did not include access to the gym. You had to pay $10 to use it. Do not stay here!
1	BEWARE!!! MGM housekeeper stole from my room!  I recently stayed at the hotel and had over $2000 in jewelry and cash stolen out of my room.  The only person to access my room other than myself was housekeeping.  Management did not show any concern and to this point has not provided a resolution.  They promised to call me back today and did not.  If you read other reviews, you will see this is not the first time this has happened.  MGM knows a housekeeper stole from my room and has not provided any reimbursement for my losses.
4	The MGM Grand was a great place to stay.  It was clean with great blackout curtains.  We were on the 5th floor with no view other than the roof.  The refrigerator was only for their drinks.  $50 if anything is moved.  We had to keep our drinks warm.  A refrigerator that can be rented is available for $25 a day.  The room service food was ok.  My husband liked the sandwich but the Caesar salad was only ok.  It is quiet even though it's loud outside.  The air conditioner didn't pump out a lot and  needed more power.The hotel was smoky but ok in the room.I would stay here again.
5	During my stay in Vegas I stayed 4 nights at the MGM! My experience there was wonderful. From the moment I stepped into that hotel, the hint of vanilla hits my nose and well I was in heaven. They've done a great job of cleaning out the air of any smoke smell.   Front desk was friendly, helpful and quick to check us in. They do need some improvements on their room service....it was alright. I understand for the convenience, room service can be pricey but the food quality wasn't worth it! You're better off going down stairs to get something to munch on.   I must say they do have some great black out curtains, after a night of roaming the casinos and clubs you can sleep -in and not have the sun wake you. There were quite a few pools, good to relax, and Wet Republic where I had a blast. Overall, my stay was great and I will return!
5	For all the ones who had a bad experience that's to bad:(. I read reviews before we went and got nervous but was quickly relaxed as we checked in!  After a week here and going to every single casino on the strip I was always happy to get back to our casino. MGM. Our room was WONDERFUL exactly what we wanted. Strip view. Amazing staff from the housekeeping, front desk, room service etc. Will only stay here when we go back!!! Thank you MGM and for anyone stressing about it. DO NOT. You will be wasting your time and energy. Best place to stay in Vegas!!!
4	Since several years Las Vegas is one of our US destinations during the year. We choose always between the TI, Cosmopolitan and MGM.Booked a room but got a free upgrade after arrival (spa & wellness level). Very friendly people at the reception. Beautiful room, enough space for 3 persons.Cleaning : very well.Negative remarks :- Booked a room with 2 beds, but now my son has a sofa to sleep (not so comfortable)- Try to change the mattrass ; for people with back problems the mattrass is too bad - paying for the use of a refrigerator !?We love the location. Very handy for our daily trips.I recommend the hotel and will return.
2	Expected so much more.. MGM might have been the big boy on the Strip at some point in time, but now it is very much outdated with poor floor/layout design.I stayed here a few years ago and it wasn't bad. However, my most recent trip in October 2014 was a huge, huge disappointment. I stayed in a Petite King room in the West Wing. There is no better way to describe the room than "petite" and borderline claustrophobic. The room is tiny, poorly lit, and has one window that does not open........  There isn't even a separate door to the bathroom/shower! As soon as you walk in, the bathroom is to the left right next to a shower and sink. The walls are also kinda thin- I could hear my neighbors' bathrooms flush. There is also no mini fridge or coffee maker.. I thought these simple "luxuries" were standard nowadays. One of the MOST annoying things about the room was its location. The hallways are ridiculously long (and I'm not even trying to sound lazy; they are just LONG. It takes at least 3-4 minutes walking at a decent pace to get down from one end to the elevator). They are also a bit eerie. One "good" thing about the West Wing is the cardio room on the 4th floor. It's free and while it's tiny and sauna-like, it is better than nothing considering MGM charges guests $10 to access the actual hotel gym.What a disappointment, MGM. Not staying here again. (The Signature Towers, on the other hand, are a complete different story. SO modern and upscale).
4	I love this place!   It's gets much more traffic than any casino I personally go to!  But it's the SEMA show weekend and holy YUMMA hot guys who know their classic cars!  Plus I've been to pretty much every single club in the last year since it's my first time being single and this is my fav EVER!  They invest a lot to get best DJ's....
4	Not my favorite hotel on the strip, but also not my least favorite. Come here to get a reasonable price, along with a reasonable room. The customer service is pretty good, they are usually friendly at the front desk. Kinda an older vibe and feel inside, certainly a big difference from going to like Aria or Planet Hollywood.This is the only hotel though I get confused walking around through, I can NEVER find my way out. MGM grand hosts many events, ranging from UFC fights, to concerts, to award shows. Try to take in at least one even while you are there. The grand arena is huge!CSI Crime Scene is fun, kinda small. I noticed my kids had a hard time paying attention - but I had a blast. Hakkasan is AMAZING. GO. Seriously. I'm not even going to bother writing anything else about it - GO!Check out Wet Republic for a good time - I've seen Tiesto there probably 10 times at least. Amazing. My husband and I sneak away to the pool parties here all the time - probably one of our favorite pools on the strip.
1	I would do minus five stars if I could. This place provides bad customer service when it comes to getting a room, especially if you are a smoker. They won't hold a smoking room even if you stress it's important. They will however happily send you to a low quality hotel in a downgraded room without a second thought. They won't make up for their failure or even discount the room despite the fact it is not what you requested. We gave up and took the room hoping to somewhat salvage the Halloween spirit. Big mistake! The room was tiny, dirty, and out dated. To top it off, it was all the way at the end of a long hallway, making the hardest way possible to walk to an elevator and go to the casino floor to smoke. The funny part, when we first got to our room, there was a cigarette butt in a glass sitting outside of our room. Seriously?!?!
5	I love staying in this hotel they really make u feel like u moved in for good the suites r so nice I love them
3	My room was dirty had bed bugs that bit my Johnson first night. Next morning I noticed my sheets looked like it hadn't been washed. Room was shitty to.
4	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #17:this place is huge!; the story about getting lost in the casino rings true here; I actually got locked out of the place during my exploring, but luckily an employee rescued me and let me into the adjacent convention center (which is quite grand as well); there is a walkway to the 3 Signature Towers of high-end condos; the outdoor/pool areas are extensive & top notch; love the massive hotel lobby with the classic MGM lion sculpture; many scenic high end eateries, including 2 Joel Robuchon restaurants; the West End bar is kind of dark & sexy and tucked away, but not always open; armies of hotties headed to Hakkasan nightclub - wowza!; best craft beer bet = Michael Mina's Pub 1842 for sure, but you will pay to play!; Tap Sports Bar also has a few, but prices aren't much better there
4	Turned 21 here this summer and had such a blast. Great rooms, very clean, loved the bathroom mirror lights and of course the view. Over all I would definitely visit again. My only complaint would be the $200 up front for the room, I just wish I would've been prepared and that they would have told us over the phone about the charge when we booked the trip, only because we had three rooms so it was $600.
4	We had a King signature suite room on the west wing, and boy did me and my boy friend LOVE this place! It's so spacious with a huge bed and great bathroom with a tone of mirrors everywhere. Our view wasn't too great but the staff was excellent! Not only to mention my boy friend and I even won money from their casino! Way better than some of the other hotels I've been to in vegas!
4	Just got back tonight after staying a few nights in a Grand Tower double queen room with my husband and 7 year old son.5-star rating for the AMAZING Yvonne in Housekeeping. As we were putting my son to bed tonight we discovered he had left his stuffed monkey, the one he's had since he was a newborn, back in our hotel room. He was devastated. We made a quick call to the MGM Grand and were transferred to Housekeeping where the wonderful Yvonne located the monkey and is mailing it to us. She was so sweet to our son when he got on the phone and tearily told her thank you for finding his monkey.4-star rating for the hotel itself. Yes, it is humongous. But I found the signage and layout easy to follow. Parking was super easy and accesible off of Koval.  I liked the hotel's location toward the end of the strip because I felt like traffic congestion was minimal. Restaurant options were plentiful. Room was clean and we had lots of towels, toiletries, etc. Noise level in the room was very low but I could still the next door shower going. Suprised there was no minifridge (other than the one stocked with overpriced snacks and drinks) or coffeemaker.2-star rating for David Copperfield's magic show. Some very cool tricks but there was ZERO enthusiasm on his part. He mumbled a lot of his dialogue. Completely phoned-in performance. Bummed that we spent nearly $300 (even with a 20% discount!) on this. The space alien part of the show was downright boring.Bottom line is we will definitely be back. Looking forward to seeing Cirque du Soleil's Ka next time!
3	When I think of big fights, whether UFC or boxing, I think MGM Grand. For gambling, their tables are decent ($25 minimum at just about everything after 10pm), but why is there no kiosk to check your comps anywhere in the building? I had to ask like 3 people where the machine was (standard in every other casino and there's one seemingly around every corner), and found out at the end that I had to pick up a courtesy phone to speak to a customer service rep who gave me my comp total over the phone...seems terribly antiquated for a supposedly high-end casino. Otherwise, it's fine to get your gambling on (and the craps table, call it beginner's luck, was very good to me, so MGM will always have a soft place in my heart).
1	I am making this review purely because this place has made my travel in Vegas a living hell. Do not stay here. If you feel like passing through this place avoid it like the plague. From the entrance it took me a good 30 mins to get to the monorail. The craziest part is I knew exactly where I was going and moving as fast as I possibly could. There are so many twist and turns. The place is humongous. When you think you are close to where you want to be you realize quickly that you aren't. Its a maze. They have signs to point you to where you want to go but then signs for that destination will disappear and you get lost super easily.  Take for instance the monorail. I will follow the signs for it and they would disappear and I knew well that I was no where near it. I had to ask people to get to where I needed to go. If any of you have ever played Zelda Ocarina of Time, this place would be the Water Temple X10. AVOID AVOID AVOID You have been warned
4	The "City Views" are quality 4-star rooms that come at a great value if you can book before before they announce the concert or event at the adjacent arena. Otherwise, good luck, or try elsewhere. The room is modern, clean, has many towels, great water pressure, and decent amenities. There is no fridge and if you try and place your stuff in the mini-bar fridge, it's a whopping $50 fee.There's a sketchy $25 resort fee that is charged daily, regardless of if the pool is open or not or if it is cold/rainy outside. It does include wi-fi.It's a shit-show trying to check in the Friday morning of an event weekend; talk about 1 to 2 hour lines to check in. Oy vey. And then there's the elevators. I have faith these lifts are freight certified because there are far few too elevators for the 2nd largest hotel on Earth. As a result, the elevators are packed-- nah, packed is a too nice a word-- Tokyo rush hour subway crammed-- yeah that's more like it-- during peak hours before/after an event.There are lots of dining ops around where you can drop lots of money on food that can be hit or miss. Good luck. Great craps table. Love the dealers.I'd stay here again.
2	The MGM Grand opened in 1993, roughly the same era as the Mirage, Excalibur, Rio, Luxor, Treasure Island, Hard Rock, Stratosphere, and Monte Carlo.  When you compare it (or any on that list) against the newer hotels, it's just not going to hold up.  The new hotels all learned from the previous ones as time went along, so of course the Bellagio, Venetian, Aria, Wynn, etc. are better than the MGM Grand.  It's easy to improve upon things once you've seen them play out elsewhere.  For that reason, it's admittedly a little unfair to downgrade the MGM Grand for opening near the beginning of The Strip's modernization.With that said though, as you're deciding where to stay, the comparison has to be current day against current day, and the MGM Grand is one of my least favorite hotels on The Strip.  The walls in the rooms seemed paper thin, the room itself felt dark and uninviting, and the resort itself is just so massive and lacking a flow pattern that it feels stale.  As the epicenter of The Strip keeps being pulled north, I feel like it's going out of the way to head that far south.  The draw just isn't there for me.
4	My gf and I booked for 3 nights here at the MGM Grand last weekend and I must say it was a pleasant experience. The bed was very comfortable and pillow's were very soft. We both slept very well. The view of the room was alright didn't have much of a view except of the New York hotel. Room service are on top of there game they come in everyday to clean up our room. They did a great job! Although, the casino area is like a chimney LOL might need a stronger vent to suck all that smoke out. Other then that, we both had a great time in Vegas. I would recommend this hotel.
5	Great hotel!  The staff is very professional and friendly.  The room was very clean and had a new feel to it.  The casino is great because it is not too busy and they have newer machines.  The location could be better but still pretty close to the center of the strip.
5	This is by far the best hotel in vegas for me. I love their new rooms and restaurants. When I first went to vegas I stayed here and now I always stay here. I once stayed at Excalibur, because my friends could not afford mgm. I should've just stayed here and let them stay at Excalibur.
5	Jonathan and the front desk very calmly and pleasantly ensured me that my concerns would quickly be addressed.  Soon the front desk manager, Trevor Rogina came out and showed me the error I thought MGM had made was in fact mine. I was impressed how professional and nice these guys were and still made some adjustments to show good faith when in fact they did not have to do anything. Am I going back to MGM again? Absolutely, I already booked with Trevor to take my wife to Andrea Bocelli's concert. MGM staff rocks!!!!
3	Hotel is clean and the rooms were a good size. Went to the Wolfgang restaurant , pizza was good and then to hakkasan Friday night which was great. One down side of hotel was I ordered sparkling wine for friends who just got engaged . The hotel charged almost 60$ for a 9$ cheap bottle of cava. Disappointing trick for a hotel that as nice as it is.
4	I've stayed at the MGM Grand 3 years running in January for the Consumer Electronics Show. I've been pleased with each visit The biggest complaint I've ever run into is that the length of the hallways is ridiculous. That may not sound like a big deal, but it can be given the size of the overall property. The property size is a plus in my book because it makes the place all inclusive in a lot of ways. If you're up early or late at night, there's always something open for you to eat or drink. The rooms have always been in great shape during my visits. Room service has always been timely and I've never experienced any issues with the staff. One thing I like about the room is the black out curtains. They come in very handy if you're working or partying on a weird schedule.We'll be staying there again in early January and I assume the experience will be the same I've had in the past 3 years.
4	Nice Place
4	The MGM is a solid choice when in Vegas, the hotel is massive with multiple wings and towers which can be quite confusing when consuming certain beverages but that do offer many choices for dining & shopping. Many of the rooms have been recently renovated and they are great, we opted for the King Suite which was well worth the cost being the size of most studio apartments equipped with living room, desk/work area, king size bed, excellent views and an amazing bathroom with 2 showers (which you never think you need until you are running late and both people need to shower at the same time...which then the 2 showers becomes ahhmazing).Staff here was friendly and really helpful when there was a snafu on our final bill. The only thing that I didn't like is that the gym guests can use for free is just a cardio room with absolutely no weights or other machines. The cardio equipment is old and not well maintained - many of the tvs didn't work, sound didnt' work or the equipment wouldn't move without making god awful noises. BUT if you pay $10 (per visit) you can use the nice gym where everything is extremely well maintained. In fact two days while we were working out there a staff member was going around machine by machine to test them...a suggestion MGM...maybe have that staff member visit your cardio room as well. I know it's not a big deal to most people in Vegas, but it is for me, and I really don't like having to pay $10 on top of all the other fees to workout in a nice space. I think that's how most people feel as well because there was never another person in that fitness center which is a shame because it's one of the best I have seen at a resort.
1	We stayed in the lofts. Gross. Everything felt sticky, dirty. The room was so dark one could not put on make up. No bright lighting. The glass toilet door left little to the imagination, no privacy. The door didnt even close right. The glass shower leaked into the toilet room. No coffee maker, no amenities. Bed was comfy so were the pillows. I would never stay here again. I had better rooms at days inn. As far as the pool, the lazy pool was fun but 30 bucks for 2 tubes is ridiculous.
1	They haven't updated their ventilation system/renovated and almost passed out due to the amount of smoke in the casino. Think LA smog indoors. Negative 3 stars.
4	The MGM is a great choice when visiting Vegas.Room was great, I was on the 11th floor of the Grand Tower, room was spacious with all new furniture and other amenities. I'll admit the view wasn't much to look at but I had a grand time playing with the automatic blinds.  The king sized bed was huge and ridiculously comfortable, it felt like I suck right in.  Bathroom is also very modern and unlike most hotels, the shower heads are high letting water fall down on you instead of hitting you in the neck like some places.Casino is good, they allow smoking but most places do in Vegas so you just have to roll with the punches. I will say my one complaint with the casino floor is it would be nice if they had more than 4 or 5 crap tables. As somebody who likes to throw the bones, I would like a few more options.I love the sports book, I spent an entire NFL Sunday kicking back and enjoying all the games displayed over the many monitors.Food options are plentiful and for the most part of good quality.Staff is good, took forever to get checked in because of an issue with the website I booked through but staff was patient through the process and gave me a decent food credit for the hassle.Great hotel, right at the tail end of the strip but easily in walking distance to all the main attractions, will definitely make the MGM part of my next Vegas trip.
4	My bf and I stayed here back in July of this year for the first time. I really liked this hotel and casino. We stayed in the west tower in one of the basic rooms. It was a pretty tiny room, but the room was clean and nice despite it's small size, so I was fine with it. The bathroom was really compact and was there to greet you as soon as you walked in the room. My only real complaint would be that there was no real counter space whatsoever just primarily a sink and storage underneath, so not a whole lot of space for us ladies to lay out our makeup and stuff lol, but that didn't bother me too much. Also the remote for the TV wasn't working consistently, but we weren't planning to just sit inside and watch TV all day anyways, so it wasn't too much of a bother.  Free wi-fi, but it didn't work very well to be honest. And I think it was only free for one device. The lobby was huge and really nice actually. Check in was pretty quick. We arrived early, maybe around 12, so our room wasn't ready yet, but the friendly lady at the desk let us check into another room early and waived the early check in fee, which we much appreciated! Our room also came with a free buffet, so that was a nice bonus. The casino and hotel itself was huge! it felt like forever until we made it to the pool from our room lol. So if you stay in the west tower be prepared for a journey if you plan to go to the pool. But the long walk was worth it. The pool area itself was pretty big. I think there was maybe 4 pools and a lazy river. The lazy river was nice, but if you don't like being around kids then be prepared or stay away lol. The other pools were pretty quiet and peaceful though. Overall I really enjoyed the MGM grand! I'd likely stay here again.
3	The biggest hotel on the strip!It's a grand hotel with lots of great restaurants, shows, shops, concerts & comfortable rooms. It's located near the airport which is convenient for many visitors. The negative is for anyone who is parking here, it's a long walk! Always valet! If valet is full which happens on the weekends & with concerts you won't have an option and have to walk far. The positive aspects are that there's a lot to do at this hotel & it's a great spot for dozens of great restaurants!
4	I stayed here during the Thanksgiving season. One thing that annoyed me is that they don't have a bar specifically for you to hang your clothes on when you shower. In addition, the label on the mini-fridge was confusing. The label said that if the contents are altered or something is placed in it, there will be a $50 restocking fee charged. I'm a little confused on how charging someone if they put something in the fridge works, since you could put something in the fridge and take it out before you leave.Other than that, everything else seemed good. The room was clean, and the window had shades controlled by some buttons on the wall. There was a TV with a lot of channels with some MGM-related information, and I liked the AC/heater control. It was neat that there was a little mirror on the side of the bathroom whose position is adjustable; I found it very useful when I was putting contacts in my eyes. I also liked that they had power outlets on desks. In addition, a safe is in one of the drawers, which I put my valuables in whenever I left the room. Towels, a hair dryer, an iron, soap, and travel-sized lotion, shampoo, body wash, and conditioner were provided.Self-parking was good in that there was a moderate amount of parking spaces available. There are a lot of restaurants near the parking structure, including a Haagen Dazs shop. The more expensive restaurants are in the hotel itself. The fountain by the elevators is beautiful. At night, there's a security guard by the elevators who may ask to see your room key, which makes me feel more secure.
2	MGM is ok I guess and navigating throughout the casino could have been thought out a lot better. In my opinion placing the floor map of the casino could have been in a better location such as when you first come in after parking your car, you have to find the map buried within the casino. Also they have a horrible potpourri smell in the lobby area and beyond. I'd advise if you have breathing issues or not really a custom to a very heavy fragrant to plant type materials I would try and avoid this area as much as you can, especially kids with breathing health issues.
3	MGM is a classic vegasl hotel that you always see and hear about.  unfortuantely i didn't LOVE our experience.  i thought the rooms were aiite and the walls were INCREDIBLY thin.  You could hear everything that was going on in the hallway, including 2 love birds in the next room.  eeek.the hotel floor itself is fine, there were lots of restaurants, clubs, and bars to visit.  I liked the location of MGM but probably wouldn't return to stay at this hotel.i do want to note though, that every staff/service person we met was incredibly friendly.  we had a great experience there, but just didn't find it as comfortable or as sound proof as venetian or encore.
2	Nice presentation, but the details are made of ick. 1) Minor, questionable stains on my sheets and comforter. 2) No plunger for bathtub. If you want a bath, you are SOL. Showers only here. 3) Despite having no plunger, bathtub doesn't drain. Called at 6:30. Was told earliest would be 8.  It is 8:30 and plumber still has not arrived. I am here for a conference and am missing the first class because I can't take a shower. 4) No coffee maker in room. Even cheap, sleazy hotels have coffee in the room. Does MGM need money that badly? 5) Fridge in room is only for selling things. You cannot store your own things or you will be fined. 6) TV worked occasionally. Frequently it just shuts itself off.All in all, the room is spacious enough and check in went quickly, but the quality inside is really lacking. I expected more from a strip hotel. Very disappointed.
1	This is the worst hotel I've stayed at in Las Vegas in over ten years of visited here, and this includes the one time I had to stay at the Tropicana.  Our room was tiny and the one chair and bed were both very uncomfortable.  Our shower, which appeared to be the one nice thing, leaked terribly and soaked the entire floor in the open bathroom area.  We addressed this three times, all three times they said they would take care of it as well as give extra towels because all of ours were soaked from trying to dry up the floor, and not once was anything done.  The only time someone seemed to actually care was at the check-out so it was a bit late.  I liked gambling at the tables here and like Craftsteak and Joel Roubuchon and have enjoyed several fights here, but I will never step foot in this dump again.
1	The Bocelli concert. One we expected to take place and blow my wife and I away, since we saw him last 9 years ago. It is clear a lot has changed. Bocelli is out of touch with his public.  None of the songs that made him famous we expected to hear and the public craved for were sang.We almost fell as sleep. He forgets people come to see him not other personalities. Not sure who is managing his events but, they are doing a disservice to such a telented individual.It is truly a shame and not worth $300 dollars a ticket to be disappointed like this.This is over. Bocelli is now a memory, nothing else.
2	Early check in was fast and smooth but we did not get the king bed room we booked and paid for. Instead, we were given a queen size with a view of the airport but not informed of this at check in, so disappointed from the start. When I called the front desk I was told the hotel was crowded and that was all that was available. Oh well!The room was decent but there was a sewer gas odor in the bathroom sink. Facing the airport in the Grand Tower is like having someone with a leaf blower outside your room. Forget about sleeping in or bring earplugs if you want to stay in bed past 6:00 AM. At $245.00 a night, we will spend our money elsewhere.We ate at Wolfgang Pucks and Emeril Lagassies venues. The service was very good at both and the entrees were good. I can't recommend this hotel if you are located facing the airport, there is no peace.
2	About two months ago, I booked two tickets to Andrea Bocelli concert at MGM Grand Arena. Since I thought it'd be convenient to stay at MGM, I also booked a room - king size, non smoking. The prices for two nights were $149 (Friday night), $179 for Saturday night. They charged me $166. When I got there, I was told the room wasn't available. If I wanted, I got "the option" to upgrade (which I'd have to pay for). I got slightly upset, although I never raised my voice. I asked why I'm being charged $166 for something I'm not getting and why I was forced to pay for something I don't want? The manager came over and immediately said "She's just doing her job!" No s**t Sherlock! I'm not upset at the receptionist, I'm upset at the situation. Not fair to be charging customer for something he/she's not getting. On top of that, they place a pending charge on your CC (for me, it was $500 pending charge). So they offered comp buffet and $50 off drinks. This is great for someone who eats at buffets and drinks, but I'm not a drinker and I don't eat at buffets, but when I said it to the manager, she said "well, that's your only option." In regards to rooms, they are spacious, clean. The TV was working occasionally, the bathrooms were nicely remodeled. I must say the concert was fabulous!When I was checking out, I don't know what I was expecting, but I got "how do you wish to pay for your bill" question. This kind of floored me. So the rooms were $328 total minus the $166 charge (this would be around $162 total)+ the upgrade fee. You are already placing $500 charge on my CC, I guess I'm expecting you to say what you are going to give back to me. Anyway, long story short, the 2 nights cost me total $502. They charge you for upgrade you didn't want, they also charge your for something called "remodeled room", "remodeled room tax" (these charges are for every day you are staying) on top of your regular resort fee. I'm assuming that is normal, but quite frankly....for $250/night - it is NOT worth it.
5	I stay at Mgm grand on Nov 30 - Dec 4 ,2014.Our room is Stay Well grand queen.We like Vitamin C infused shower and Air Purification in our room.Bed is very comfy.
5	Stunning! An adults dream world! Very well presented. The place is absolutely immaculate. Loved every second of it.
4	I finally got to stay here after using my MyVegas Slots points. I only had to pay $28 for the resort fee. Check-in was quick. The receptionist was nice and upgraded us to 2 beds for no extra charge. The lobby had strawberry and pineapple infused waterWe had the standard room with 2 queen beds. The bathroom was spacious with bright lights around the mirror. The automatic shades consisted of "sheer" as well as "black-out", which is a must if you want good quality sleep well into the afternoon after a long, fun, wild night. The TV remote was horrible. The signal lagged or something. The casino itself is huge. The elevators are fairly easy to find though. It's a pain when you have to walk deep into the casino from the lobby just to get to the elevator (like Mirage and Planet Hollywood)The food court is not bad. You can find some cheap, quick food to eat and avoid the high end restaurants. They need to add a Jamba Juice thoughThe pool is a bit of a walk to the back of the hotel, but it's nice. They have some regular pools as well as a lazy riverWifi is free IF you have a hotel room. They deactivate it soon after you check outI would definitely stay here again if the price is right. Though it is usually higher than what i want to pay. I guess it's worth it if you're going to see a fight or show here
5	The NFR transforms this place into a cowgirls dream. Country bands Cowboys ad great music
1	What a garbage operation. Rude customer service every step of the way, overpriced rooms and they are not even that nice. They also charged us much more than what the front desk girl promised for an upgrade fee, and it took nearly two months to get only a partial refund for their mistake. Never staying here again. Much better Vegas options, such as The Wynn, Encore, and Cosmopolitan.
4	The room was clean and looked great. All the food we ate was awesome. I would stay there again.
4	This is a great stay consider I paid $65 per night.  The room is very nice and clean. Housekeeping was friendly and brought complimentary toothbrush/paste upon request. The view from my room on the 28th floor was spectacular. The only drawback is the walk from garage to the hotel; it was very far.
4	One of my favorites hotels. I've fallen in love with M Life resorts/casinos because they have the blackjack switch game. Sports galore. Love the lobby area.  Self park is easy accessible. Only thing I noticed is valet service can get full and takes a wee bit more patience when waiting to get your car upon leaving.
4	I was actually pretty pleased with MGM.  The room was clean and comfy.  Their hot water is amazing!!  Check in was quick and painless.  I was disappointed with one aspect though.  When I booked, there was suppose to be a free upgrade to either a stay well suite or the king suite.  When I asked about it I was told that neither suite was available.  I understand that the upgrade isn't guaranteed, but I have a hard time believing that neither suite was available.  The husband wasn't super crazy about the location (he prefers central strip) the location didn't bother me though.  I did find that the doors/walls are on the thin side.  I was woken up a couple of times by loud drunk people.  But it is Vegas and that is to be expected.  All in all I would stay here again.
3	3.5 STARSStayed here over the weekend in a Grand Tower Suite.We had a king bed that was not as soft as I thought it should be. But the the pillows and blankets were really nice. Nice flat screen TV, glass desk, couch, coffee table and mirrored walls.It was lame that they only have a mini fridge filled with drinks you have to buy and no room for our personal drinks.Our view was pretty nice, but most of it was the roof of the parking structure below.My favorite thing about the room is probably the bathroom because it was very modern, clean, and bright. They had many towels of all sizes and was enough for at least four people. Although the hot water was always too hot or not hot enough. I had difficulty getting it to the right temperature. The shower curtains were two layers of cloth, which I would of preferred one layer to be plastic so that water does not get out.I would highly recommend parking your car with valet because it's a lot shorter walk. There was a point where Valet was full so we ha to park our car in the parking structure and it was sooooo far away and you have to walk through tunnels, elevators, and stairs just to get back.The check in/check out lobby also has pineapple fused water and watermelon fused water if you have trouble finding or buying expensive water!Overall, the hotel is nice and the workers here are friendly and efficient, but it wasn't outstanding or amazing.
3	HOTEL: DO NOT STAY IN THE WEST WING UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES... EVEN IF ITS FREE. We got a comped room via "MyVegas" and they put us in a smoking room in the West Wing - as it was "all they had left." Immediately walking up to the West Wing I realized, Wow they put us in a DUMP because it was free! You can smell the cigarette and weed from downstairs and in the elevators... granted I don't really care about either smell but when its that obnoxious... yuck. Our room was 3-505... practically the LAST room at the end of the hallway. The hallway carpet was stained and sticky... the room literally smelled and looked like shit. I mean these rooms are supposedly "remodeled" but it really looks like they just gave it a makeover but the ugly shitty old rooms are still under there, I would've rather slept in my car! Also note that the other guests they put in this wing are pretty much the loud, rachet, ghetto degenerates. Thankfully - we had to go out so we just dropped off our stuff and left. However, when we came back, we went straight to the front desk to try to get an upgrade. THANK THE LORD FOR SOPHIA A. Sophia saved our trip.... I told her the situation, and she even laughed a bit when she found out we were in the West Wing. Apparently its KNOWN to the employees that its a shitty space. Anyways, she did some digging, talked to her manager, and was able to upgrade us to a room in the remodeled Grand Tower, AND on the 17th floor with amazing views of the strip!!! Sophia, you are a godsend! (and it was only her first month at the front desk!!)CASINO: Special shout out to blackjack dealers Alex and Jojo, and pit manager Kris. You guys made our night!!! We came back from the club and decided to hit the slots and tables, so from 6:30am to lord knows when, we were entertained by this lovely group of dealers/managers. We gambled enough to get our 2nd night comped, which truly made this a fantastic trip! VALET: I can't count how many attendants are running around constantly LOL but for as many staff as they have, its about a 20-30 minutes wait for your car. We lost our ticket but thankfully they were able to find the car and were super nice about it. The attendants could be a little friendlier... but I get it, when you're making 5s and 10s all day, its hard to be nice to everyone. RESTAURANTS: The District offers a large selection of restaurants, and food court. We went to Avenue Cafe (breakfast,) PUB (lunch/dinner) and TAP (sports bar.) The food is ok, the prices are high as you should expect them to be for 1) its vegas and 2) its inside a hotel, but overall the convenience of not having to walk or cab anywhere to get some grub is worth it. You may find that all the restaurants look empty, don't let that deter you from trying it out! That happened to us at the PUB, we almost turned around because it was empty but it was the best burger and best fries ever!!! (http://www.yelp.com/biz/michael-mina-pub-1842-las-vegas?hrid=yZFbHgcC_BdGqbi8x6bHwg)Thank you MGM, thank you MLife... thank you for those that are superb customer service professionals! I know not everyone is like that so when I do come across great service, I truly appreciate it.
5	I had an excellent experience staying here. Stayed in the penthouse which was a gorgeous room complete with a large living area, dining area, bar, one big bedroom (with a king bed), two bathrooms (one which had a GIANT bath, and last but not least, an incredible view. The staff was very welcoming and courteous. Casino is top notch and one of the bigger ones in Vegas, I particularly liked the Sportsbook. Great selection of restaurants as well.
5	We are greatly satisfied with our stay here. The hotel is simply stunning. It smells clean, the details are lovely, and if you book at the right times you can get an amazing rate. We paid $100 a night during the middle of the week! They held our luggage until check in time, and the process in doing so was easy and professional. We were checked in promptly, and the worker helping us said our rate was simply amazing. Though, my only complaint was that the room we booked online looked modern and upgraded. He informed us that the room they'd be giving us would not be. I'm assuming because of the low rate we paid. Therefore, he asked if we wanted to upgrade for $30 a night for their "Stay Well Suite." We opted to do so and it was the best choice ever. We then pushed a little for something complimentary. Why not try the luck? After informing him that it was my birthday, he gave us free tickets to the MGM Buffet. He told me Happy Birthday and suggested some places for us to go on the Strip. The entire check-in experience was wonderful and we were treated like valued customers. I couldn't have asked for more.On the way to our room, we were constantly surprised by just how gorgeous this hotel is. The casino leaves something to be desired, but it's a lot cleaner and less smoky than many of the ones we visited. It's on par with the Bellagio and Cesar's Palace, minus the beautiful sky scene. The Stay Well Suites have their own tower in the hotel, and a fountain in the middle that divides the sections. The fountain is breathtaking, as well as the elevator hallway. It's really something you just have to see for yourself. When we arrived to our room, we realized we had a semi-strip view. We didn't know we'd get a great view, so you can imagine the excitement there. The upgrade was completely worth it. The shower is infused with a Vitamin-C diffuser so that it streams through the water while you shower. There's a sound cube that plays sounds for you in case you have trouble sleeping. The bathroom had different lighting options for the mirror, which was a great touch. All the sheets and pillows are hypoallergenic, and extremely comfortable. The room felt clean and crisp, and smelled fantastic when we arrived.We ate at the MGM buffet, and it was a decent little spot to catch a quick bite. A bit pricey for those who pay to eat, though. The service was good, and afterwards, we headed to concierge to find out about our Cirque Du Soleil show in the hotel. We had questions about when the show started, and the staff working were amazing when it came to answering our questions and offering suggestions on where to eat and places to go. They treated us like extremely valued guests, and I was genuinely surprised at how kind all of the staff are. We saw Ka in the MGM Theater, and I highly suggest this show. We weren't staying on a peak night, so the theater was about half full and we moved a little closer to be nearer to the action. It was absolutely wonderful. I was worried from reviews that it wouldn't be as thrilling as higher-ticket shows such as "O", but it left both my girlfriend and I feeling really satisfied with our choice.The hotel is the largest on the strip, so sometimes getting from place to place can be quite a hike. We took the LV monorail system quite a lot, and it was a bit of a walk to get there from our Wing of the hotel. The pool area is also a fair bit away, so keep that in mind while booking. It is definitely worth the walk, however. The pool at the MGM was actually the reason we chose this hotel over several others. The lazy river is amazing and includes a waterfall area that we thought was just beautiful. Within the lazy river, there are areas that are quite fun, such as a wall of water that beats down on you like heavy rain. Details like this make this pool area top notch compared to a lot of other hotels on the strip. There are other pools you can visit, though some of them were closed during certain hours. They opened them up eventually, and you could escape to these low populated areas when the others got a little too busy. There are lifeguards on duty and located sporadically around the pool area, so if you have kids, they're likely to be safe and well looked after. Even during week days, the pool was booming with action. I assume during weekends and peak periods it would be extremely busy and crowded. However, it's simply too great of an amenity to miss out on. Checking out was also a breeze. We received the same wonderful service as we did arriving. The hotel once again held our baggage while we walked around the Strip for a few more hours. There was fruit infused water located in the lobby, as it was a high heat day. It was delicious and the kind of gesture we got used to staying here. The workers simply know how to treat their customers. It may have just been our experience, but I hope you all receive the kind of stay we did.
1	Before I start, +1 for the beauty / value of the suite and professionalism of the staff.But I'm actually pretty shocked at our experience at the hotel.  The hotel casino & lobby area was pretty and glitzed up for Christmas / Boxing.  But our experience was marred by a failure of the customer service apparatus at every level even for a Gold+ member from beginning to end.We came here as a family with 4 rooms during the slow time before Christmas.  So when we booked via my Gold status on the MLife site, I even called in to make sure they were nearby or connected.  When we arrived, the line for the Gold+ level members only had 1 person while the regular line was really long.  The request was lost (go figures) so our kind receptionist tried her best to find rooms closer together.  But after 30 minutes (and by that time the regular line already cleared out :-( ), she had to downgrade one of my rooms to make it work.  She even mentioned that she had to deal with many very irate people pissed that Hakkasan was closed but nobody let them know when they booked.  I'm not a clubber but who's running the MGM ship? That grueling check-in gave a bad omen on the stay already...So our rooms smelled like light smoke but we were so tired from check-in, we didn't want to go through that ordeal again.  Let me list what went sideways instead of writing it out.1) Our bathroom light was broken.  We called but it never got fixed2) Our Shower temperature handle was broken.  It either got super hot or cold.  Never got fixed3) On our second night, my wife wanted to have a bubble bath.  Black water came out of the tub spout.  I had a black-humor laugh at my wife's expense. 4) Asked for housekeeping to spray the room to clean out the smoke smell.  Since they didn't do #1 or #2, just a guess they didn't do this as well.  They told me to call sooner if we smell smoke to catch smokers in the act in the hallway.  It felt like my old days playing Bad-Cop RA.  I don't want to be a snitch to get a smoke-free room!Also, Avoid the 4th floor.  You're at the roof level and its a little awkward greeting workmen through your window in the morning in your nighties.  Needless to say, we had the shades down the whole time after that.Needless to say, I'm giving low ratings not for the broken things in the room since I understand Vegas.  I'm giving it for the customer service promising service but never delivering.  If a MLife Tier member had to deal with this, I wonder how the regular peasantry feel...
4	We spent some time in here at bars, snacking, and for our Cirque show.  Redeeming our ticket vouchers was so easy & fast!  They have great signage to find your way through the casino too, so that's good.  Large, clean restrooms, and open areas to chill & figure out what you wanna do next.  We liked the relaxed feel of their bars, particularly Centrifuge, for one, & Whiskey Down, for two.  (Will review individually).Had no trouble finding the Ka Theater and entry & seating was quick.  The show itself though?  Meh, another review.
1	Was supposed to see a show here  - Beachers  Madhouse. It was cancelled. No one here will refund us.
1	I can't believe how dirty the room is... I stayed at the spa suite which was pretty pricey so I expected the quality of the stay to be good. The room is big and looks very nice. However, the next morning when I woke up, I have a several bug bites all over my body, same goes for my bf. And we are sure we didn't have those the night before. Not only that, the sink plumbing was backed up, and black water flakes and hair kept coming out (I've attached the pic). We told them about the situation when we were checking out, they told us to go to the security to file a report. After filing the report and them taking pics of our bug bites, they told us they will have the room inspected and call us. The whole process was very unpleasant, they treated us like we are just trying to blame them for something that's our fault... And of course, we never heard from the hotel afterwards...
1	Update: apparently during the hour we were told the hotel would not help us someone at their box office did our refund. No one knew who was in charge. This place is unorganized and have the rudest staff. Hopefully or refund shows up in the next 5 business days as promised. Let's see if we get the apology letters as requested. Never going here or MLife affiliated hotels again.
1	http://www.urbanspoon.com/m/comment/4776494?action=mcomments&id=1803184The above relates to the Tap. We booked from 12/27/14 - 12/31/14 for a friend's birthday on Dec. 30th. Bad choice!We chose the MGM Grand as we were planning to stay at the MGM for the PAC-12 tourney (U of WA grad & MBB fan) spring 2015. We won't book there now especially as strong, enthusiastic sports fans and wanted to view the Seattle Seahawks play St. Louis. Thanks a lot Tap for nothing, zip, zero.
3	I received a complimentary two nights Im one of there general rooms. The room was nice (average size.) The bathroom is descent too. I love that they have a roulette table that's smokeless (That's rare in vegas.) a little disappointed with some of the Customer service. I was at the table for 5 hours playing 100 bucks a hand (don't worry I was up $$$) and could not get in touch with a host or anything (didn't even have one on staff when I was there.) Not worth playing there. There're no perks for playing there. Did love everything else besides that
5	Me and my husband, stayed here for a week and it was a good time. To start of with, we stayed at the west wing king room and it was sufficient for 2. The lobby is beautiful with all the christmas decor, casino-almost full every time. Starbucks, food court and  restaurants are close enough from the rooms. You can always get a parking spot as they got multi-level parking. And, have to give credit to the staff for the super friendly attitude, excellent housekeeping and room service.Surely recommend this place and we be back again !!
4	We stayed in the Grand Tower and it was fairly nice.  We had a great view of New York New York and Excalibur.  One thing I did not know is that rooms do not have a coffee maker, microwave, or refrigerator.  No coffee maker means that you are stuck buying over-priced coffee from Starbucks (but everything is expensive in Vegas).  The daily refrigerator fee is $25... so it's cheaper to buy food than to keep leftovers.  There is a large convenience store near the west entrance and this can save you A LOT of money on snacks and beer (beer cans are 2 for $3).  The room rate is reasonable compared to other hotels, although we did not know that there is an additional $30 "resort" fee plus tax.  However, I think every hotel has this additional fee per night.  I personally liked this area of the Strip more because it was closer to the airport and was much less dense with people.  MGM also has a monorail station.  I recommend getting a 3-day monorail pass and planning accordingly.The layout of the hotel is a bit annoying though.  We were there for a week and still had trouble finding our way around the casino.  It can be a SLOW walk to go through the casino from the elevators to the west entrance, and the bars and restaurants are at the opposite end.  I guess that's the point though. We did not go to gamble, and it would have been better to stay closer to the west entrance.  Comment about Vegas in general: Be prepared to walk a lot.
2	The room  I got was small, furniture seemed old and worn out. Security box was very small. The resort fee the hotel charges is about 32 $ per night which is a lot higher...It should be charged only if one needs to use the facilities like swimming pool, cardio room ...For the price they charge its not worth...There were no discounts  for shows,food for those who stay in the hotel...
1	I reserved the Mansion at MGM Grand through tripadvisor.com on 12/6/14. The confirmation email only stated a standard room at the MGM Grand. The room at the mansion is not the same as booking a standard room at the MGM  Grand. I tried contacting MGM Grand Hotel several times regarding this matter. They could not do anything about the reservation because it was booked through a third party called Cancelon.com. I tried contacting Cancelon.com several times to cancel the reservation with no resolution. My only option was to dispute the charge with my credit card company. DO NOT BOOK THE MANSION through cancelon.com with tripadisor! THIS IS FALSE and MISLEADING ADVERTISING.
2	I always love this place because of its great location on the strip, and for the price you get here, it's a decent spot to stay.However, this time there were some issues.There was a violent episode in the room next door to me. I could hear screaming and slaming and throwing of someone and bumps. It was terrifying.  Security was called, after having to call multiple numbers and times to get a hold of someone and the issue wasnt addressed until much later. The same night, I ordered room service. They said it'd take 45 minutes. It took over an hour and a half. All the food was cold. And it tasted terrible.Not sure if it's worth it anymore to stay here.
3	3 stars is what I think the best  for them . Not the best , not the worst . I was here for New Year , so it was kind of overcrowded .
2	First, I'd give the entire place a 2.5 if I could. I was there for UFC 182. Booked a west wing room on hotels.com for $110. Resort fee of $32 is ridiculous. Free wifi is worthless and the upgraded wifi is $49.95! Fuck that. No fridge or microwave in room. Got room service, burger, fries and beer for $30. Typical vegas pricing, average meal. The room itself was small, large shower, and everything worked, wall mounted flat screen. The best thing about the room was that it was short walk to the fight. I really like the grand garden arena. Good sight lines and I like how they stop people from entering between rounds, really prevents people from obscuring your view. Overall, unless the price was stupid low, I wouldn't book here. Mandalay Bay usually has similar room rates and they have much better rooms and better room service.
2	First I stay at the Grand every year for CES last year was really nice but this time I am very disappointed with the room and the cleaning crew. When I got to my clean room I was great by the housing keeping. They had just cleaned my room min before I got in. I decided to use the rest room to wash up before hitting g the strip and noticed that the bathroom was clean but on spot. The shower wall had black long women's hair on the wall. I called the front desk to get house keep up to clean it. They did cone and cleaned the rest room, but fit some reason they did not clean the wall were the hair was. I had to call three times before someone would c lean it. Not very happy with my stay and it's only the first night
1	Where in the heck happened to the ventilation??? If you don't smoke, definitely don't come here. OMG. I thought I was in a weed house minus the weed. Way too much smoke!!
3	I would love to give this place 4 stars, but I just couldn't...My husband had booked us a night here for a concert that we were going to attend, later that night.  While making reservations, he opted to pay an additional $20 for early check in (9 am).  We arrived at the hotel around 8:30 am and they told us to get back in line at 9 am.  Therefore, we decided to walk around the hotel to kill some time.   Thirty minutes seems so long when you're waiting for something...9 am finally arrives.  My husband got back in line and was told that there are no rooms ready yet and the early check in is just an option and there's no guarantee that we can get it.  Bummer!  My husband was told that the hotel would call us when a room was ready so we ended up giving the bell boy our luggage so we can walk around the strip.  After we ate lunch, I was getting really tired so we decided to walk back to the hotel to see if there was a room available.  It was 2:30 pm.  A room was finally ready.  Our room was great.  It was big and clean.  I was so happy...until 3:30 pm.  Someone knocked on our door (an employee wanted to refill our mini bar) and interrupted my nap.  Oh well, we left the room for dinner.  When we checked out the next day, the hotel had charged us $20 for early check in.  I was pretty upset that they charged us for early check in (30 minutes before regular check in) but the room was nice so it didn't dampen my feeling about this hotel.  However, next time, I would like to stay somewhere closer to the middle of the strip.
1	final update. We have heard from a number of ppl from the MGM and MLife program.  Mostly through letters and emails.  Although these people apologized and empathized the managers and supervisors that were on duty that night still have not apologized for their behavior towards us.  In the end this is still a fail.
2	I was a little disappointed in the room that we received upon check in. When you come to places like this you expect top notch service, and it was just a rinky dink room for me. I stayed here January 2 to the 4th this year so it was a little busy but we were accommodated very smoothly at customer service and in room service. My disappointment comes with the room itself, (king standard) room 4-525. The cable did not work in our room, we could not get a hold of front desk for hours so just said forget it. Our room in particular faced a wall, so if you are particular about where you want to be placed then be sure to ask for something that has a view of the strip. In addition, this room was just a bed and TV, no refrigerator or any other amenities that you would expect. Then we get charged a resort fee which seemed like a rip off because nothing was accessible the pool and all outdoor areas were closed for the year. Maybe it was my lack of reading the terms or just not willing to pay an arm and leg for better rooms but I have been at lower hotels with way more amenities than that. Any how, the term you get what you pay for is very accurate in this case. Ask a lot of questions prior to booking for a more preferred experience.
1	A DOLPHIN EXHIBIT?  Really?  Dolphins belong in the ocean, not Vegas.  This is horrible and I would never stay at a place that offered dolphin experiences.  Anyone who pays for and participates in dolphin experiences are ignorant and inhumane.  Just terrible.  Stay somewhere else and let MGM Grand know why!
2	This review is a little tough to give because at first I thought it would be a five star review. After our visit is over though and I've had time to ponder the full gamut of errors, I almost have difficulty with two stars.Check in was fabulous! We waited in a very long line and it took quite awhile but the gal that checked us in was so funny and kind that we totally forgot the wait and just enjoyed her company.  The room was beautifully furnished and clean with a great view. Room service was timely and the food was delivered piping hot.  And yeah... that's about it! So when you think about it, those are all things that are to be expected when you're checking into a place like the MGM Grand.Here's the two star review:  Just as I sit down to enjoy my room service meal, I hear dripping. I investigate and find the ceiling is leaking in three different places. Within minutes it really starts pouring in! I try to call the front desk and housekeeping and maintenance and one other button only to be put on hold!  For quite awhile!  Eugene, the maintenance man, was a God send! He helped me move rooms and made me call room service back to get a replacement meal since mine was getting wet by the fourth leak! Mind you my meal was already "free" due to comps received during check in, they kindly told me they would comp my meal for all my troubles!  Gee, how kind and generous of them after me having to move rooms in my jammies!  Oh, and they comped the $45 upgrade fee for the one night!  Again, gee, how kind and generous!During this fiasco, my husband was at the UFC fights and had his own tale of MGM failures! He paid $750 for a seat that they failed to install! Yep, no seat!  Now, Bob was great and friendly and apologetic but basically, they couldn't do much because it was a sold out event. So they thought moving him from chair to chair was a good fix! They put him in a great seat on the floor but when whoever the seat belonged to would show up he'd have to move. No other solution or compensation was offered.Basically, in my mind, a place like the MGM Grand should be five stars in all areas. I have certain expectations when I stay at a place like the MGM Grand and pay the price for a suite. To have to move rooms at 9:30 at night, by myself, have my meal interrupted and my husband to not have a seat when paying $750 for one, and only be comped $45, is outrageous. MGM Grand obviously does not care about loyalty and customer satisfaction. We'll be back for UFC events but we definitely will not be staying at the MGM Grand.
