4	The place is beautifull inside and have a warm feeling to it. The patio had an intimate ambiance. I sat at the bar and had some of the shared plates like steak tartar and arugula salad. Portion size was small so definitely you have to order couple plates. When ordering from the menu make sure you ask what comes in it so you won't be surprise because items change more often. Well done overall and staff were very friendly and helpful.
5	Very cool ambience.  Reminded me of House of Tricks.  Food was delicious.  Best things we had were crab legs, lobster fried rice, and butterscotch pudding.  Great cocktails as well.
5	Brand new. Stumbled into it Excellent execution on all plates. Roasted halibut, roasted broccoli soup, nice choices for charcuterie plate and interesting texture for shrimp and grits. Highly recommended.
4	This place has a very cool vibe to it.  We decided to sit outside but the inside is darling.  The bar is also nice front and center as you walk in the door.  Waitress was ok.  She sort of disappeared right before we were ready to order.  Other then that the service was decent.  We started with a melted cheese similar to Brie it was good but the portion was very small.  We also shared a small roasted peach salad with arugula which was fine.  Two of the diners had the Halibut.  Again very good mix of flavors but very small portions.  The other diner had the lamb bolognese.  Another small portion.  We had two deserts a chocolate cake and a butterscotch pudding.  Hadn't had butterscotch pudding in years and it was good and rich like it should be.  I was with all women and I barely felt full when I left.  I think my husband would have left hungry had he been there.  I would be willing to give this another try for sure.  On a side note, I always leave Zinc Bistro hungry too.
5	This place is terrific. Same owners as The Mission and Zinc Bistro, so of course you will find terrific ambiance, great and friendly service, and top-notch food, drinks, and wines. You will also likely be greeted by one of the owners personally at some point, and treated like an honored guest. Meanwhile, the hostesses and wait staff will take great care of you.As for The House itself, it has a story and a life of its own: it is one of the oldest houses in Scottsdale, and the large pine tree that shades the side dining patio was a Christmas tree planted by a little girl who lived there in like 1940. The integrity and charm of all this  rich history has been thoughtfully retained -- elevated, even -- while the parlor and dining room inside have been artfully transformed into a Parisienne-type setting, like Les Deux Magots, or some other place Hemingway would have hung out in the 1920s.It's like a fine Paris brasserie, without any of the snoot, built on a foundation of Scottsdale history and hospitality. Highly recommended!! In a town with a lot of top-notch options, this will surely be one of my regular stops!!
3	Had dinner here last night (3 small plates & a salad). I had the duck meatballs, the ham hock dish, brisket biscuit, and butter lettuce salad. It was a great building and the ambiance was really nice. I found all the dishes, except the ham hock dish, to be very under-seasoned. I don't think there was any salt in or on my food. The salad was nothing remarkable - I got excited when I thought there was bacon on it, but later found it was dried beet. While I can see myself returning here for drinks, I doubt that I will go back for a meal (unless I am trying to impress someone with how much I can spend on a meal). On a positive note, the service was pretty good. As I was sitting there trying to read the menu, I was surprised that anyone ordered anything at night on the patio. There are next-to no lights outside. I had to use my iPhone to get enough light to read the menu. I even saw waiters using flash lights to show people the items on the menu.
5	Thank you, thank you, thank you for bringing such a charming restaurant to Old Town! I am giving The House a solid five stars and it's because they have the perfect ambiance and delicious food to accompany it. The ambiance is what really sets this restaurant apart from any other restaurant in Old Town. When I go out out to eat, I like to experience the complete package: experience + delicious cuisine. Many times, restaurants focus so much on their culinary creations that they forget about working on the environment. This is not the case for The House. The House is 'housed' within the second oldest house in Scottsdale. During my visit, I learned about the delightful woman who grew up in the house and how she loved her rose bushes. She was a member of one of the first families in Scottsdale and during one of the wars, she would deliver fallen soldier notices and then lend a helping hand to the families while they went through their time of loss. The history alone of this house defines the charm.Hidden in a quiet street that's often missed (luckily) by the bar/club scene, The House is like a place you wish you could call home. Twinkle lights light up the spacious patio and large and luscious trees surround the perimeter. The interior of the house is just as charming as the exterior. At night, the intimate indoor glows with romantic candlelight while the warmth from the wood fired oven heats up the environment. It's the perfect environment for a date night or if you're looking for a nice setting for out of town guests, etc. Now that I've gushed about the environment, I will move on to the food. The food here is nothing less than spectacular, but I am not surprised because this is Matt Carter's brain child and he also runs The Mission down the street. I came here with a group of 15 and they did an excellent job serving us a variety of delicious food. The menu allowed us to sample the following:Wood Grilled Crab Legs with Aji Amarillo Lime Butter - this is buttery goodness at it's best. The crab is fresh, completely buttered and delicious. House Brisket & Biscuit - this is a nice option for a hearty appetizer. The brisket is tender and well seasoned. Peel and Eat Shrimp - spicy alert! This dish as a serious kick and if you can handle the spice, this is definitely worth ordering. Kale Sale with Miso Peppercorn Dressing - I'm not a huge fan of kale, but I will say that for kale, they did a good job flavoring it and making it eatable for even the non-kale eaters. Italian Farro Salad Duck Confit Meatballs - I had no idea I was eating duck! However, it's tasty and just the right size to pop in your mouth. Berkshire Pork Country Ribs - the meat falls off the bones out of tenderness and it's seasoned with a spice that has a kick. Chateau Briand, Marinated Jidori Chicken, Lobster Friend Rice , Broccoli Carbonarra -- all these dishes were good. None of them stood out in my mind, but they were still incredibly tasty. Caramel Apple Upside Down Cake & Crumb Cake & Sacher Torte - pure sugary bliss!! I've already written a lengthy review, but before I say goodbye, I will also mention their hand crafted cocktails. They are superb! The drinks are made with freshly squeezed fruit, etc. They are a must if you enjoy craft cocktails!
5	House Brasserie, you're such a flirt. You weren't even modest about it, you flaunted that sensuality before I reached for the door, tarted up in your tinkling necklace of lights and gown of vine. I have to admit, I was smitten. For a dame of such established pedigree (I hear you're the second eldest home in all of Scottsdale), you're Rita Hayworth, Katharine Hepburn and Grace Kelly wrapped in kale and orecchiette: divine.You titillated me with your silken, endlessly long crab legs, lime buttered above the heel. I wanted to peel and eat your spicy shrimp, but that would've been a little too adventurous for a first date, so I... chowed down. Immediately I cooled my fiery palate with your amazing kale salad, something we both agreed was both delectable and smart from a dietary perspective. But oh, how our sensibilities were fast to wane as you prepared cocktail after fabulous cocktail...Your Chateau Briand, oh my! Delectable. Lobster Friend Rice: it's an Asian fusion love affair! Broccoli Carbonarra: you have me at your doorstep. Marinated Jidori Chicken: I'm swimming in your silk sheets. So get it over with already, Brasserie. Take me.You did. I feel like such a floozy. Your crumb cake and sacher torte made me your slave. I'm done. I don't want to talk about it anymore. I feel used.And I WANT MORE.Don't get me started on your wallpaper...
5	High five Matt Carter - LOVE The House! Everything we ordered was fantastic, our service was great, and the ambiance was just perfect. Will be our new favorite place to sit outside on the patio at all winter long!
2	My friends and I were visiting in Scottsdale  for a bachelorette party.  (we should have gone to vegas instead lol)  We decided to come here the first night and i have to say i was not impressed.  We were told this was the best restaurant in the city but i surely did not think so and neither did half my freinds.  Our waiter was very nice and the outside seating was nice.  We were able to get a large table under the tent closest to the road so it felt a little more secluded.  I ordered the crab leg appetizer and found that it was very over cooked and rubbery and tasted as if they were cooking it with kerosine.  Then i ordered the halibut and the only thing i really enjoyed becasue my fish was over cooked was the mashed potatoes it sat on.  Their mixed specialty drinks were horrible.  Stick with wine cuz they cant screw that up at least lol.  All in all i would not recommend this place to anyone.  They do not do well with larger partys since half our table got our food and the other half waited 20 minutes before theirs arrived.  So we were sitting there with our food getting cold waiting for the rest of the people to be served.  Also i am not sure what is with Arizona water but UGH gross.  Stick with bottled and sparkling water.  All in all i would say the best part of Scottsdale was the weather and coming home lol.  Very over rated!
5	I've sat on this review for days thinking of what I wanted to say. And not because I don't have much to share but rather, too much! This restaurant is brand new and unlike most experiences at places that have only been open a day or two, everything was absolutely picture perfect. Even for our large group of about 12 people! Seriously, not a single glitch. I heard that building this restaurant took two years and it's no surprise they executed everything so well because the details here are so well thought out. From the precious, romantic location, the sturdy, handsome furniture and the spectacular outdoor dining area. Built around (and in) a house, this restaurant has the makings of getting national attention for its beauty and most importantly, the food and drinks.Sitting down at two large tables under romantic canopies adorned with strung up white lights, I knew we were in for a treat. Because we tried a number of items in our group, it's tough to compare or even mention each thing I ate. Some honorable mentions were the peel and eat shrimp with a Oaxacan chili paste, Maine Lobster fried rice, the kale salad with peppercorn dressing, the duck confit banh mi, and the shaved pork belly. Wow!This restaurant is absolutely ideal for any occasion where someone would like to impress their guest. Perfect for dates, taking the folks out to dinner, showing off to the boss or just sharing a dinner with a good friend, The House will really wow anyone who is looking for a quiet atmosphere with higher end food. Prices are absolutely worth what you pay and then some. I will never come back to Scottsdale without eating here!
5	Chocolate wrapped in velvet rolled up in a Sinatra song. Warm. Soft. Smooth. That's how I felt when I got here. That's how I felt while I ate. That's how I felt after I left. The House is home. A place where friends gather. But not to play charades and romp in the rec room. No, this is where they gather for cocktails, where they gather for supper club and ya, maybe even whisper a few secrets about the neighbors.Remodeled from what I was told is the second-oldest house in Scottsdale, no corners were cut or expense spared in honoring the old home but completely repurposing it to be a restaurant. The massive tree in the back, the inviting patio in the front. The bar. The bathrooms. It's all meticulously planned and well-executed. That patio? Yes. That. Eat your meal there. And what's a house without a good meal coming out of the kitchen. The food was sublime. We dined family style, and that's the way to do it. Just order up a bunch of things and share with friends. Amongst the highlights--the crab legs, the kale salad, and pretty much anything sweet.It's hard to describe the food. It can't be placed in one category, so don't try to pigeon hole it. It's a direct message from the chef. He's exploring and inviting you along. Certainly it will continue to be refined, but the bursts of genius were enough for me to see that this place has legs.Charming but swanky, sexy but simple and down to earth. Bravo.
5	The House is just how it sounds. It is amazing that Matt Carter(Zinc Bistro and Mission) continues to evolve. So comforting and service was amazinng, especially considering it has only been open a few weeks. King crab and smoked gouda fondue! Roasted Halibut! and the Lamb Bolognese was suprisinglyreally good, the lemon marscopone and mint worked fantastically! Patio is amazing weather permitting.
5	This might be my new favorite restaurant...it's made the top 10 list. The past two Fridays, I've been here for dinner and everything is amazing. The second you walk up, you can just tell this is going to be a great dinner spot. The patio is just about the cutest thing ever - it's like you're transported outside of the Valley into this magical little courtyard with twinkle lights everywhere (what girl doesn't love twinkle lights?)The only cocktail I've had there is the Watermelon Cooler (I'll add the pic). It's a refreshing gin cocktail equipped with fresh watermelon juice and effen cumcumber vodka - everything I love in a cup. The food is amazing. Both times I went, my girlfriends and I shared everything. Some of the highlights are the Burrata with leeks, the berkshire pork belly with udon noodles, and the Duck Confit meatballs. We also tried the lobster fried rice, crab legs, Pork Ribs, and Halibut. Everything is good but my favorite is the pork belly with udon noodles. It's just so GD good. They've only been open about a month so they warn you that they're working out the kinks in service and what not. It doesn't matter. They could make me wait a year and I'd still sit there and sipon my cocktail among good friends to wait for their amazing food. Hats off to you House Brasserie. I'll be back soon.
4	Coming next weekend, made reservation for outside! Cant wait to try it. Will update my review once I go!
5	We happened to park out front of the restaurant on our first ever trip to Scottsdale and it had been open only two weeks.  We went in because the chalkboard out front had listed some of our favorite Oregon  cheeses on it.  We were extremely impressed they had lobster rolls (random, and thank  you) we ordered the pastrami sand. very tender, very flavorful, a cheese plate, the lobster fried rice, the chicken parm. sand. but the stand out for me was the fries with the pork hock and gruyere, i wasn't expecting much, but the flavor was just excellent.  We'll be back when we get back to Scottsdale -  the drinks, they needed just a little more life - little more flavor, but they get a pass, the food gets the 5 stars all day
5	The food is amazing Chef Matt Carter certainly knows what he is doing with his new concept. The menu is well-rounded and has a bit of European influence, with a touch of South American and Asian if that makes sense. Pretty much a little bit of everything. The owners did an amazing job decorating what I came to find out was the second oldest home in Scottsdale. A truly beautiful dining experience. The bar is lively and fun, yet the patio is intimately different in a way that makes you feel like you aren't i the Scottsdale tourist district. We were greeted with complimentary champagne upon arrival and enjoyed the most fabulous cocktails and shared plates at the bar before seating (the bar menu is ridiculous). Bartenders have tons of personality and you can see how much they pay attention to the details of their craft with the way they make their cocktails and one even showed us some of the many syrups and liquors they make in "House". We then moved to one of the Cabana tables by the front of the restaurant (closest to Main St). It felt like we had our own private dining room in the middle of a candle lit garden setting. We continued with some very competitively priced reserved wines and even worked our way into their extensive beer list. Our server explained that the dining style of "The House" was to order a few of the larger Entree/Main Dishes along with several sides and shared plates to accompany them for the group to enjoy the meal in a family style environment while also giving everyone at the table the opportunity to both try and taste everything was the best way to go. Our server certainly gave us the right direction because every plate left empty and everyone loved everything. Several people ordered dessert which all looked amazing, but I saved myself for what our server said was "The House Irish Coffee". I have been to the Buena Vista in San Francisco where this drink was created, but their version was absolutely unreal. I am not sure exactly which person working at "The House" came up with the recipe for that cocktail but I need to shake their had because they truly revolutionized an amazing classic in their own special way. Perfect nightcap to an amazing evening with great friends.
4	Absolutely love this new addition to Old Town Scottsdale!  Great, quaint patio, nice decor, great service and tasty food.  I tried the chicken parmesan sandwich and really liked it...great tomato sauce!  We shared two desserts and were pleased with them as well.  I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5 since my friend tried to make a lunch reservation and they gave her a hard time about being too full.  I arrive and the place was more than half empty the entire time we were there...seems weird to me!
5	WOW! Thanks to Lindsey F, I feel like I'm becoming a PHX/Scottsdale culinary aficionado in no time! I live in Tucson and heading to Phoenix doesn't always feel like a "getaway" type of visit until now. I'm officially in the "know" of some remarkable spots and The House Brasserie is one of them. From its unique story, to incredible makeover to the quaint and romantic outdoor patio lined with twinkle lights to the fabulous bathrooms and of course the divine cuisine this place is nothing short of a solid 5-stars. The House Brasserie had recently opened and they treated our group of about 12 people to seamless and delightful evening.I learned that night the that The House is actually "home" to the second old house in Scottsdale. The owners did an incredible two year remodel without compromising the original structure of this historical home. It's worth a visit even for a tour of the place. But, really the food and drinks are just as incredible.We sat down for dinner out on the patio. Even with a group of 12, it felt intimate. We dined family style and it was more food than I could dream of! Chef came out to greet us and share a little background about his menu. I'm thankful that he did! Although the menu appears to be heavily influenced by European cuisine, there's no real category for this place and that's with intent. Chef cooks what he thinks will be delicious and his dishes draw from various global cuisines. My experience with most family-style dinners is that the food runs out or by the time you eat it it's cold. That was not the case here! Our first course sampling was as follows:-Charcuterie Board with Saint Andre Cheese (my personal heaven!)-Wood Grilled Cab legs with Aji Mamrillo Butter. Fresh as can be. -House Brisket & Biscuit with a chili jam and white cheddar. -Kale Salad with Miso Peppercorn Dressing: I love me some Kale and I could eat this salad all day long!-Farro Salad with Arugula and Butternut squash. Hearty and flavorful-Peel & Eat Shrimp: worth the effort with a spicy kick-Duck Confit Meatballs- need I day more?By this point we were all wow'd and the main course offerings kicked it up another notch. From the Berkshire Pork Ribs that were fall off the bone tender and juicy to the Chateau Briand and Marinate Jidori Chicken. It was an incredible feast. But the sides were superstars too! Lobster fried rice and Broccoli Carbonara. I was smitten.Somehow we had room for dessert. I didn't. But I had to taste it. Missing out was not an option. Caramel Apple Upside Down Cake. Blackberry Crumb Cake. Perfection.The House Brasserie is all about the culinary adventure. I loved everything about it. And don't miss out on their craft cocktails, as they also put as much effort into their freshly squeezed juices/mixes as they do in the kitchen.If you haven't been, what are you waiting for?
4	I made reservations for this place a week before, and we sat outside with a party of 6. Now the food was good, I enjoyed everything however the outside area is so cute and nice but you can't see a thing! I had to ask the server for extra candles. You know how people say you eat with your eyes first, well I would of enjoyed the entire experience if there were more lights! I mean at least so we can see our food.Watermelon cocktail was good, I also enjoyed the brisket biscuit small plate. The broccoli soup was good, I prefer more cream based but it was still good. The rest of the party enjoyed their meals!
4	Excellent food and atmosphere. Everything we ordered was mouthwatering! We loved our two appetizers and the grilled peach salad.  For the main course, I ordered the halibut on top of shitake mushrooms and parmesan potatoes. Perfectly cooked. My hubby ordered the filet, which was a tiny bit overdone. My favorite thing was the side of basil/brie smashed potatoes he ordered. And, you MUST order the butterscotch pudding for dessert!  The owner stopped by at least twice to make sure we were comfortable and enjoying the food... that was a nice touch. We were also seated at the table closest to the fire pit... a bonus on the first chilly Valley night. Our waitress was also fabulous and very on the ball. If there's room for improvement, it would be with the hostess and the food runners. We waited quite awhile for a table, despite making reservations. (Although, it might've been because they were trying to get us onto the patio. If that's the case, they should just say so... so we're not wondering if we were forgotten about.) Also... the food runners gave us the wrong plates at first. They returned quickly after realizing the mistake... disappeared around the corner for a second, only to come right back out and set the SAME plates at the neighboring table. Those guests didn't notice, but we were a little surprised that would happen.Still, we'd go back. The restaurant hasn't been open long and I'm guessing the kinks will be ironed out in no time.
3	Honestly, I wanted to love this place.  And it's not that it's bad, but they are missing the mark on the dishes I tried, albeit in easily fixable ways.  My first course was the smoked burrata.  LOVE the idea, not their result.  The burrata was very lightly smoked, as it should be, you don't want to overpower this delicate and luscious cheese.  I get that.  But a little adjustment is needed.  The MJ bread they served it with was white on white, tasteless and textureless.  You could hardly tell if it had seen a broiler or grill, it honestly looked and tasted like long rods of wonder bread, and the very little grilling or toasting the bread received just made it seem stale.   I love starches of all persuasions, beyond reason actually, but I left this bread on the plate after the first bite.  The cheese was simply served with a bit of vinaigrette, a bit of green onion, the bread, and nothing more.  I get keeping it simple and letting the cheese be the star, but it seriously needed something.  Perhaps a drizzle of a lightly smoked tomato coulis, a smear of parsley or basil pesto, or a little gremolata of finely diced preserved lemon with parsley and garlic, something to complete the idea, please!  And consider serving it with medium to large house-made olive oil fried croutons.  That would make a huge difference.The duck confit bahn mi also fell below the possibility the dish offers.  There is a restaurant in the Seattle area that serves a version which qualifies for my short list for "last meal on earth", so my bar for such a sandwich is admittedly high.  But The House could get there, or close anyway, with just a bit of tweaking.  First off, replace the MJ soft bread with a section of lovely french baguette (does MJ make one?), as should be used on a really good bahn mi.  And consider replacing the cilantro mint pesto with a sauce that would have a more complementary flavor profile, maybe a hoisin aioli, maybe a fruit based slightly smoky, not too assertive BBQ sauce (rhubarb?).  To my mind, it would be greatly improved with a sauce that was slightly sweet, and with just enough of a balancing tang to cut through the rich fat, like one of the choices I mentioned, or a myriad of other options.  I would also add some caramelized shallots or onions to the duck.  And please, get rid of the mushy centered crinkle cut fries.  Seriously?  How about a little arugula salad with fried shallots and oven roasted tomatoes, or small round discs of a waxy potato (yellow finn or red bliss) cooked in duck fat, caramelized around the edges, or something else simple but satisfying.  Just something else, please.  The same frite they serve at Zinc Bistro would be a huge improvement, but just a little fatter would be even better, so you get more potato to balance the richness of the sandwich.Bottom line, I will likely give it another try, see how it goes with different choices.  But my gut reaction is that a visit from a menu consultant with an impeccable palate is needed to turn this into a place I'll regularly want to visit.   As an aside, I know I'll probably get slammed for dissing the MJ breads used here.  Yes, his breads are very popular locally.  And he does make some good breads, just not these two maybe.  But why oh why is there no truly great and complete bakery here in the Valley?  Essence in Tempe makes good baguettes, but doesn't sell them, darn, and doesn't make any other breads, only pastry, darn again.  There are a couple of restaurants and markets that make their own very good bread that they sell, or will sell if you ask.  Andreoli's and Christopher's come to mind, but each one only offers one or two types.  There is no single bakery I've yet found that has great baguettes, and loaves or rolls of campagnia, walnut, olive, ciabbata, pugliese, or assorted other rustic style breads.  Give me that, add some great pastries, and I'd be in heaven.  If anyone can steer me toward the great place I'm missing, I would be forever grateful!  Otherwise, guess I have to make my own starters, get a new pizza stone for the oven, and go back to baking my own.
3	Interesting concept from the creators of Zinc and the Mission. I love the Mission and probably rate it my top 5 AZ spots. So, flying into Phoenix to meet 2 colleagues, I'm trying to clean up my gmail account when I find a "ribbon cutting" email from The House Brasserie. I'd planned a dinner at Maestro's Ocean Club and cancelled via my GoGo wireless account and re-booked the House, simply based on ownership. (No offense meant to Maestro's---but, I live in So Cal and can go there anytime.)I read the menu and had my eye set on the Paella. WARNING: The website wasn't current and therefore no paella.We opted to try small plates v entrees and perhaps we were steered incorrectly. My favorites were the peel and eat shrimp and the lobster fried rice. I was not impressed with the lobster roll, Berkshire pork belly on kimchee, or the kale salad. (No better kale salad exists than Chelsea's kitchen because they properly massage and cut up the kale.) We also tried the duck confit. It seemed many of the dishes were "overdone". I don't mean overcooked, more like too rick with too many sauces and tastes which took away from the actual entree v adding to itThe positives: We had wonderful service and the ambiance in awesome offering seating inside or outside. It happened to be unseasonably cold, so we opted for inside. I'll probably go back, especially if the fare is lighter as winter comes and goes.
3	11/14/12What a romantic spot!A friend and I decided we'd meet for dinner here (neither of us have ever been), and we elected to be seated outdoors.  Thank goodness it wasn't too chilly out, as I soon detected a repulsive sulfuric scent and were told by either manager Sal, or our server Todd, that the heat lamp was the likely source of the fumes and that he would turn it down to mitigate the repugnant odor.  Nice!  The setting outside was very pretty (lighted trees, window sills, and fences), but it quickly turned very dark, and not even the lone votive candle on our table could cast enough light for me to see my friend's face, much less read the print on the menu.  Thankfully, Todd brought us a couple of mini-flashlights to use.  We started off by ordering the House brisket and biscuit http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-4TMQnQJW1yd6NqGRDvAeA?select=LkEx56NcRC4E9Xwo5W3qbQ#LkEx56NcRC4E9Xwo5W3qbQ, the Crab fondue http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-4TMQnQJW1yd6NqGRDvAeA?select=t2WMfle_zu9MCgk-FTWP3g#t2WMfle_zu9MCgk-FTWP3g, the Arizona arugula salad http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-4TMQnQJW1yd6NqGRDvAeA?select=rMk1Ocoa7ddSbwltgPMXlA#rMk1Ocoa7ddSbwltgPMXlA, a Gone A-Rye cocktail for him, and a glass of Conn Creek cab sauv for me.  For entrees, he chose the Roasted Jidori Chicken (I said we could compare this dish to FnB's at a later date) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-4TMQnQJW1yd6NqGRDvAeA?select=679m8eFoykKTLfDrede3GA#679m8eFoykKTLfDrede3GA, while I was enticed by one of tonight's dinner specials, the Day scallop entree http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-4TMQnQJW1yd6NqGRDvAeA?select=v9AQf7SwNC7fbdbXGYTBNw#v9AQf7SwNC7fbdbXGYTBNw.  He chose another glass of Gone A-Rye, while I opted for a light and buttery Lioco chardonnay.House brisket and biscuit: Came with a brush of chili jam on the side, but didn't need it.  My favorite of all three apps, and I think it was his, as well.  I chose the biggest piece of the three, since he was going to get the other two!  I really liked the viscosity and the chunkiness of the fondue, which came with a lot of crab.   However, it was a little too sweet for me, so the saltiness of the accompanying toast was appreciated.  We didn't finish this one, even though I gave it my best shot.  The salad was lovely- I enjoyed the crispness of the grilled slices of peach, which presented a gorgeous color and glaze!  The dressing was a little too acidic for me, but my friend thought it was just right.  I really liked the triple cream crostini that came alongside the salad, for it helped to cut the sourness of the salad's dressing.If I weren't already too full with the apps and salad, I may have enjoyed the scallop entree a little more; However, the dish did arrive with a strong seafood odor, one more akin to say a shrimp dish, rather than the lighter scent of day scallops.  I found the bites too sweet, and a little too rich.  I enjoyed the salty and crisped bacon bits and the texture and flavor of the spaetzle, but came to find out a little too late that it had a mustard base, so I'm assuming it was taken off my friend's bill.  I do know that we were offered a complimentary dessert, but we were already too full, so I elected for the caffeine in coffee, which helps to lessen food allergy symptoms.  My first time trying Chemex, and the coffee was delicious!Hope to return soon!p.s.  He absolutely LOVED the roasted Jidori chicken.  It came with mushrooms that sounded divine.  Too bad I couldn't try any of it.  :(  I was able to sample the second Gone A-Rye cocktail (I wanted to try a "spicier" version of the first) and found it a little too bitter to enjoy.  I did, however, really like the heat.  Perhaps I could talk the bartender into making a spicy mango mojito for me to try in the future?p.p.s.  The House is so adorable, even down to the "outhouses," but I doubt these will be appreciated when winter comes.  I'm picturing heat lamps taking up more space in the already crowded walkways.
4	Apparently only been open for 10 weeks and we have been to The Mission a number of times.  Wanted to go somewhere new tonight so looked on Yelp.  This is a sister restaurant to The Mission.  What a great experience.  Didn't have a reservation so bellied up to the bar and ordered a couple of drinks while we waited for the kale salad, lobster role, and filet with corn and balsamic reduction.  All fantastic.  Wouldn't have changed a thing.  The caramel upside down apple cake with pistachio ice cream.  Wow, awesome in general but the ice cream was unreal.  Good food, good drinks, good bartender, and good times.  Will be back and I would recommend that anyone check it out.
4	Sweetie and I went for her birthday. Two words. Just go. It's just so different from any other place in Scottsdale. Make sure you get a table on the patio as it's like dining in a secret garden. Everything we had was really terrific. Frankly I don't think you can go wrong with anything here. If you can take some time to have a before dinner drink by the fireplace. It's not outrageously expensive if you don't dip into the wine too heavily. Service is super professional and attentive without being snobbish.
2	Over rated beyond belief!!The restaurant setting is unique in its cozy ambiance, but you pay $250 for two to eat good food not the ambiance. Our 30th anniversary, as a visitor to Phoenix, was not something to be stamped out in our culinary diary as "outstanding". The staff has been trained to "sell" the "Goods", but the Goods' are not there to be sold. Upon our arrival, we were given the privilege of being seated in the patio area, provided we vacated the table in "one hour forty minutes"!! Our server was very accommodating, well informed and courteous, but the kitchen did not take any notice of his recommendations and most of our food had to be returned for revision. The menu is structured around the fancy names, extravagant ingredients and presentation, but the quality and the "yummy factor" is just not there to match the intentions. My wife's orders had to be modified due to her numerous allegories, so in the spirit of fairness, I will only comment on my choices which were presented exactly as described on the menu. The lobster appetizer starter, with a fancy name ($18) turned out to be a few pieces of tasteless lobster meat in some kind of equally tasteless sauce buried in an unimpressive French Bread and accompanied with soggy and limp French Fries. The main course, the stake ($38+) was a lump of un-seasoned meat on a pile of fiery hot chilies and corn (out of a can), with a failed attempt to camouflage the tasteless meat. The reprieve came at the end of the meal. The desert and espresso was well presented and very tasty. If you are seeking bragging rights for a night out, this is your place. On the other hand if you are after good food, look for an establishment serving a true gourmet product.Fred Fardoost
5	Absolutely the number 1 restaurant in Scottsdale for variety, flavor, service and ambiance!  We had the duck meatballs for appetizer, I had Scallops and my date ordered the Lamb.  All prepared with wonderful flavor!  Dessert we had the pineapple/caramel/pasticcio upside cake~~amazing! Their coffee is prepared table side in an aerated glass flask, fresh ground.  A real treat to experience.   We sat outside by the big fire place under the HUGE Pine tree, music was low an easy listening.  Our server, Ann, was a delight!  EVERY employee conducted themselves in a happy, professional manner & all sharped dressed in black.  Congratulations to Brian, owner, for another 1st class restaurant!
5	The House is most definitely a new favorite restaurant in our household... I've eaten there several times already in the few months they've been open, and I plan on being back again soon.  My husband is a regular; he gets out way more than I do!Food highlights we've had to date include the kale salad, hangar steak, brisket biscuits, chicken parm sandwich, crinkle cut fries, and broccoli carbonarra.  Desserts are pretty delightful as well, and the drink selection won't disappoint either with a ton of California wines to choose from and a unique selection of cocktails too!  Note that the menu does change often, so be open to trying the latest and greatest from Chef Matt Carter; he obviously knows what he's doing!The House is extremely charming, with both indoor and outdoor seating in a renovated historic home.  You can tell there was a lot of thought and attention to detail put into this place.  You must take a full tour when you go and make sure to stop in the restrooms; they are pretty swanky.  Take a peak into the kitchen as well - the staff does an incredible job working in such a small space.  Go with a friend, on a date, or with a large group... Go for lunch, dinner, or drinks.  Just go!  You will thank me later.***Note that you will probably want to make a reservation ahead of time just in case.  Enjoy!
3	3.5 to be fair !!!Okay this place is hands down super trendy and romantic and just adorable inside ( I love all the mirrors). We had two mishaps without food being undercooked...they fixed both without giving us any grief and were very nice about the whole situation. Our service was great overall and they definitely made up for the food situation. We tried quite a few things- the kale salad is flippen fantastic. I'm not a huge meat eater so i was happy with the kale salad and brie potatoes we got also. My dear bf is the meat lover out of us and he was disappointed a little with the pork he got but said he would like to go back and try again so it was not alllll the bad.The desserts were sinful and delicious and paired well with some shots of peppermint schnapps :)I want my star rating to go up so we will give it another go around in the near future...there is definite potential to be found at The House Brasserie.
3	Ambience 4 starsService 4 starsFood 3 starsThe staff recommended the lamb bolognese but I didn't think it was all that special. What I truly enjoyed was the kale salad!   Next time I'll try the Mission, but will only return to House for patio seating and drinks. Thank you to our server who wrote down a couple of lounges for us to visit post dinner.
3	I should give 2 stars but I'm feeling generous. I really like the place and want to give it another chance.  This was the second time here after a great first time.  I think this was a Murphy's Law meal.  It happens once in a great while.  The ambience and service are fine.  No issue there.  My food was the problem. I ordered the scallops minus the creamed cabbage, I avoid most dairy.  I asked for the Brussels sprouts from their chicken dish instead.  They didn't want to substitute.  The bartender spoke with the kitchen and they agreed to go ahead and do it.  I get the dish and it is enveloped with creamed cabbage all over the scallops and no Brussels sprouts.  I tell the guy that delivered it and he takes it away.  I decide to just play it safe and order something else.  A side of lobster fried rice.  I told them to make it as is because I didn't want to special order anything and I'm ok with egg in fried rice.  It shows up with no egg, underdone, lobster cold in the middle, yuck.  It was basically mushy rice, some lobster, and coconut milk I think.  Bland and disgusting.  I had ordered a cab and my wife ordered a champagne cocktail.  When we finished one round we both said we wanted the same.  The bartender took that as we both want a champagne cocktail.  That would be a big fat No.  Anyways, I told her and she gave me the cab.  The bartender was sweet and was trying but things were just not going well.  I was hungry and frustrated so I just let it go and said fuck it.  It happens.  Loved the place the first time and will try it again but let's hope that Murphy's Law doesn't get involved next time.
5	All I can say is... AMAZING!  Such a quaint little cottage with adorable outside patio and brick fireplace on cold nights.  The food is exceptionally "foodie" and delicious.  I had the Berkshire Pork Rib with Popcorn Grits and my friends had the Bolognese with Marscapone.  I could not stop eating!  Just pure food fantasy.  As appetizers we had Pork Belly with Noodles and an Egg over the top - sinful.  Really.We sat at the bar with Keith - who was so friendly and knowledgeable - he really made our experience fantastic!  Oh, be sure to ask for a cinnamon whiskey shot - a magical brew from the bar gnomes.  Thank you magical bar gnomes!  And Thank You to The House for being everything you are.
5	I love this place! It is mainly patio, but it is a beautiful patio! Lots of heaters and a gorgeous fireplace to keep you nice and toasty on these few cold nights we will have. All of the staff seem very friendly, starting with the ladies at the front. Pleasant smiles, and offered champagne right away! I felt like I was walking into a very welcoming home of one of my families. Most people would expect an Old Town Scottsdale "fine dining" place to be stuffy, but this is far from! Extremely comfortable. We sat at the bar with Kevin. We found out later that he is the bar manager there. What a friendly, funny, and knowledgeable guy! We asked for recommendations from scotch to wine and he nailed it every time! Not to mention the things he has created: house made root beer, that he apparently created with a fellow bartender at his own home. He reduces all sorts of amazing spices (star anise, sassafras, and many many more) with a special type of sugar to make a syrup. He then simply adds soda water. AMAZING! Oh, any Fireball lovers out there? Its the new hot thing right? You HAVE to try his house made cinnamon whiskey. Holy crap. He also told us the story about the history of The House. Ask your server when you go in! It is a neat highlight. Every ounce of food that we had was spectacular. I didn't expect anything less with Chef Carter creating the menu. I'm sure he has some amazing talents back there helping him out as well. We started with the Brisket biscuit . Probably my favorite out of the entire meal. We then had the Bolognese, this absolutely blew my mind. We had a caramel apple up-side-down cake with pistachio ice cream to finish. Outstanding! All in all, great experience and we will be back!
5	I do not generally yelp because I feel that you should always experience it for yourself instead of read about it. However, this is an exception to the rule because this place is just that great!! Yes they are associated with The Mission and Zinc Bistro and those places are great but the house is different. This place could be anywhere L.A., New York, London, San Francisco, and you'de still feel at home. The ambience is romantic, cozy, and chic yet not overdone. The food is amazing! The steak tartare  with house cut fries that dish alone is worth going for but then there's the beef tongue wrapped in a house made scallion crepe... if it hadn't said tongue on the menu I would have never know, it's that delicious! Matt Carter takes risks with food but in a non-confrontational way, which is so refreshing!The guys at the bar...these guys are mixologists! The house "remedies" are top notch. I am usually not a huge fan of gin but the Green lantern is my new favorite drink in Scottsdale! Gin and chartruese with a touch of serrano chile... sounds crazy, tastes crazy good! This place is small and for being so new it is busy!! You may not be able to sit right away but there is always a cute hostess at the front with a smile and a glass of champagne while you wait. Once seated we were greeted almost immediately by our server who was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. She offered some great suggestions, beef tongue being one of them, and though reluctant at first to try it, we loved it!! We also had the scallops and bone in ribeye which were amazing! At the end she also suggested the house made cinnamon whiskey which was ridiculously good, fireball's got nothin' on this stuff!We will definetely be returning to this unique little spot! Loved it!
5	Every part of The House Brasserie is exceptional!  The food, drinks, service and atmosphere are truly a cut above the rest!  Whether you are going for date night, drinks with the girls or needing to impress someone in your professional life this is the place!  I highly recommend the crab and Gouda fondue to start!  For dinner you must try the Lamb Bolognese (order the bread and butter though to soak up the extra sauce) and don't pass up a side of lobster fried rice for the table to share!  My friend ordered the country rib dish and again just delicious!  When it's time for dessert you can't go wrong with any of them but I must say the caramel apple upside cake is was SO yummy!  I will definitely be back!
5	Beautiful venue, great location, awesome staff, and amazing food and drinks! Went on a Thursday night and the place was hopping with energy and fun. Fire apple cocktail with housemade cinnamon whiskey was sinfully delicious, fireball enthusiasts prepare for heaven! Crab fondue and the scallops were absolutely incredible and the boys raved about their ribeye steaks. We were greeted with champagne at the front door and our server paired some amazing wines to go with our dinners. We loved this oldtown gem, we felt literally " at home" as we enjoyed cappuccinos and Irish coffees in the outside living room right next to the fireplace. We will be there regularly!
5	The House is Old Town's best hidden gem. It hosts the most warm and inviting atmosphere in town. Upon entry everyone is warmly greeted with a friendly smile, as if being invited over to a friend or family member's home. Soft and romantic lighting fill the inside and bar with a cozy glow as the candles flicker playfully in numerous mirrors decorating the walls. inside seating is very intimate and perfect for date nights. The outdoor patio is beautifully lit by tiny lights high in the surrounding trees and shrubbery giving it a very whimsical feel. The patio is an ideal setting for any size group but it's picturesque for a girl's night outing. Get ready to be whisked away as you dine on a very worldly menu. Chef Carter has masterfully incorporated a little piece of each of his other restaurants into the menu at The House, but still remains uniquely original. Everything is sinfully delicious and it makes you want to try a little bit of everything. Start out with some shared plates like the smoked Burrata, and the Brisket in a biscuit. Grilled crab legs come out with the perfect texture with a tiny hint of smoke from the grill. Indulge with the Lamb Bolognese or the Creekstone Filet. Your tummy will thank you. The House also has an excellent cocktail menu to perfectly pair unique, spirits with homemade syrups to provide delicious accompaniments to any entree.  The staff is very knowledgable and take great pride in providing their guests with a unforgettable dining experience. So whether you are on a hot date with your hubby or just want a playful night out with the girls, The House is the perfect spot to meet all your dining and drinking needs.
5	I went to The House on January 2nd with my girlfriend . We shared the Kale salad which is a must have! She had the scallops and I had the filet both wonderful.  We both ha a couple cocktails off of their specialty menu, our server insisted we try the pimms mule. We tried the mule, and the green lantern. We both went with a second round, highly recommend the drinks. The service and ambiance were excellent ! The owner even came by the table an introduced himself, he also bought us a round of the house made cinnamon everyone else seems to be writing about, it was awesome!  We will be back soon!
5	Easily one of the most beautiful patios in Arizona. The handcrafted shandys, and tasting selections were exquisite. I noticed they added more tables since the last time I was there, I hope this helps with seating issues. "The House" goes on the "Final Meal" list..lol
5	Intriguing flavorful combinations and an intimate atmosphere make for a fantastic dining experience
5	I have been to this all around marvelous restaurant on numerous occasions and LOVE it! The ambiance exudes beauty, character and charm. Like every one of their stylish establishments, I walk in feeling like a dignitary, confident that anyone I bring will have an exceptional experience. Matt carter never fails to deliver the most delectable assortment of food choices catering to the palate of any level of sophistication. They offer a wide variety of small plates as well as family style entrees using the finest and freshest ingredients resulting in a staggering eruption of favors in every bite. My last visit i had the bound corn and leek, creamy tomato soup served with sourdough gruyere grilled cheese and fresh Oregon truffle slices And the sweet yet savory country pork ribeye, served with popcorn grits, apple glaze with braised fennel. I am convinced they add crack to every dish because it is ADDICTING!!It doesn't stop there either. The bar does not fall behind to the slightest degree. Definitely try the Housemade root beer and the famous cinnamon whiskey fireball shots (they use their own secret ingredients) one of my favorites is the sazerac square- sazerac whiskey aperol and fresh grapefruit ( yummmmmmmy!) and an absolute must have is the Irish coffee made with a hand picked house espresso, Jameson whiskey, topped with a Madagascar vanilla whipped cream and Demerara sugar pieces, I am not a coffee drinker and had 4!The best part of the restaurant is the fun and friendly staff. Brian and kevin definitely know how to have fun and will show you the time of your life!!!!! Needless to say if you haven't been by yet you need to stop in as of yesterday!!! They are open for lunch, brunch on the weekends and dinner 7 nights a week so what are you waiting for!!!!?????
5	My apologies for not writing this review earlier, but you can thank me now.  I have had the pleasure of dining at The House Brasserie on more than a handful of times during brunch, lunch and dinner.  When I find a new place that I obsess about, I find myself making up reasons to return and the holidays provided just the perfect excuse!This is an old house that has been converted into a restaurant.  You will feel like you have been transported out of Arizona.  I am already thinking of throwing a baby / wedding shower on the beautiful patio.I will start with brunch, the brunch menu is limited at this point but the staff said Chef Carter plans to add more selections.  But heck, I do not need more selections. I dined with 2 friends and we started with the family style marscapone eggs.  These eggs were exceptionally tasty and fluffy and serve with warm baguette on the side.  The highlight tho was the crepe. This should come as no surprise since the chef said his first job in France was as a creperie.  The crepe was filled with marscapone with just the right amount of sweetness and topped with an assortment of fresh warm berries. I begged the manager to add this to there dessert menu so I could indulge more often.I have had the pleasure of dining at The House for lunch a couple of times, an absolutely charming place to enjoy and leisurely lunch on the patio.  Luckily I have dined with friends who do not mind sharing a bite of there meal.  I have been impressed with all of the items. So far I have tried the turkey, pastrami, chicken parm, shaved pork belly and the double burger. All of these sandwiches are served with outstanding crinkle fries.  The standout sandwich was the shaved pork belly BUT you really cannot go wrong with any of the selections from my experience. On to dinner, where to begin...  I definitely recommend starting with one of the amazing homemade soups and salads.  I love the kale salad. Then you can go in either directions and try a bunch of share plates or order a entree. I have done them all but whatever I order I an sure to get the kale salad and popcorn bacon grits; simply divine. See you again soon House Brasserie!! I love you
5	I went to "The House" when they first opened. We walked from my girlfriend's house~ (what joy to be so close!) We sat on the beautiful patio. Our server Luis was amazing, attentive and professional.  We shared everything. We started with the burrata which Luis split for us at the table with a history of how it is made. We then shared a steak that was also cut and split by our server. Delicious.The owner came by to ask how everything was, a very nice touch. I found myself with nothing to do on Christmas Eve. I stopped by The House. I "checked in" on Facebook. On recommendation I had the newly added tomato soup. Amazing, great presentation and with beautiful roasted corn to add texture. Two friends showed up! With their well-behaved dog so we moved to the patio- there I had the duck confit sandwich and the manager Sal came by an recommended a glass of the the Bell Glos (sp?) which knocked my socks off. We were also treated to a sample of the house-made cinnamon whiskey, which was excellent. My friends had to leave, I moved back to the bar for the cinnamon cake (marvelous) and coffee. I felt  guilty that the coffee is so labor intensive but SO worth it, and the staff wasn't too busy- this was the best cup of coffee I've ever had . Everything was so wonderful and I cannot wait to go back again! I think what chef Matt Carter does best is created "cravable" foods- thing you can't stop thinking about and want to go back for. He does it well.
5	This restaurant is very charming. My boyfriend visited with some friends on a prior occasion and decided to take me here for dinner the other night, and I was happy he did! He ordered brisket and I had grilled salmon; both were delicious. This restaurant is a gem--I'm looking forward to dining on their beautiful patio when the weather warms up.
5	I've been to the House twice now and I'm more and more impressed after each visit. For starters, the atmosphere is perfect. The setting is very personal and intimate inside and their patio is equally inviting. The staff is incredibly knowledgeable when it comes to food and drink selections and very courteous and attentive. On our first visit our bartender Kevin welcomed us and after finding out it was our first visit he took the time to suggest several food selections and drinks. The food is some of the best I've sampled in the valley; every dish is off the beaten path and an unexpected joy to taste for the first time. Far to often new establishments play it safe and don't stray to far from the norm of southwestern cuisine but The House Brasserie's kitchen and chef do a remarkable job of introducing their patrons to a sampling of dishes that are both creative and amazing. My suggestion, try the Duck Confit Bahn Mi!If you're looking for an excellent meal that outside the norm you've got to stop by The House Brasserie.
5	What a magical place to enjoy my very first dinner in Scottsdale! Fellas, if you're looking for a place to DAZZLE your lady, look no further than The House!I came into town for a work retreat and was completely taken aback by the tranquil beauty of the property and outdoor patio. We were seated outside and enjoyed a beautiful meal under the stars. Months later my head is still spinning from course after course after course which stuffed us til we were barely able to walk!The owner came by and told us that The House is one of the oldest homes in Old Town and I loved all the wonderful stories he told us about the property. Be sure to take a walk around the property and you'll see that the renovations have blended together the historic charm of the property with contemporary accents.
1	Read their reviews and looked up their website.  4 of us showed up today for brunch to a COMPLETELY empty restaurant.  We asked for the table in front next to the window.  Next thing we knew the rude hostess was ushering us to outside seating.  NOTE: it is cloudy and raining today.  The group consisted of 4 / 3 women in their 50's and 60's.  No one was interested in sitting outside on a day like this.  We again asked for the table inside the empty restaurant and she then told us that they were completely booked.  IT WAS COMPLETELY EMPTY.  I am assuming it was booked for a party or something, but shouldn't you post that on your Facebook page or on your website?  It was handled poorly by their staff and especially the hostess.  WOULD NOT EVEN CONSIDER RETURNING.  Guess what folks... great restaurants are a dime a dozen here in the Valley.  We walked without even looking back.
4	The House Brasserie follows the tradition of its chef's other culinary ventures at providing a great dining experience with a diverse and surprising menu.Located in the second oldest remaining houses in Scottsdale, the atmosphere is perfect for the wintertime in the desert with plentiful outdoor seating (and heaters for our cold nights) and unobtrusively lit dining area (they didn't have floodlights on the back patio and call it lighting).  All of these cosmetic elements definitely set the tone for the meal to come.The House Brasserie has the best staff.  The bartenders were very friendly and helpful and our table's server, Ann, was absolutely fantastic.  Since we wanted to try a little bit of everything, Ann helped guide the group to create our own tasting of some of the best of what House Brasserie had to offer.  One of the appetizers was beef tongue, which I have never been fond of until now.  This tongue was in a wine marinade overnight and cut perfectly so when it was cooked it retained its tenderness and flavor.  Amazing.  We also had tender belly over udon noodles that was great.  Definitely two appetizers worth a try.  For my main course I am a sucker for bone in ribeye steak; since it was on the menu, it was destined to be on my plate.  The best part of the steak is that it had this wonderful rosemary flavor to it that I really enjoyed.  I am not a crazy dessert person, so I will leave my thoughts on dessert for others to comment.  A few things to note about the House Brasserie, they offer a few infusions that they make on location that may attract potential provocateurs of such indulgences.  Although I enjoyed the sweetness of the infused whiskey, it may be too sweet for the more experienced connoisseur because the House Brasserie takes Makers Mark and infuse it with a lot of sugar, which is less expensive than alcohol, but it makes the infusion very sweet.  This is the same for the lemoncello which is made on premises as well.   Overall I was satisfied with my experience.
5	Went for dinner Saturday night. Sat on the patio. The atmosphere was definitely high end and romantic. We had the kale salad, duck confit meatballs and the seared scallops. And for dessert, the caramel upside down apple pie. It was all delicious. I will definitely go again and look forward to it.
5	This restaurant is amazing! Perfect for happy hour, dinner, dessert and coffee, or really any reason to go out. We sat outside on the patio and even though still chilly, the atmosphere and the service made us quickly forget it. The menu is unforgettable - crab fondue, brisket biscuits, popcorn grits, scallops, lamb bolognese, and of course the apple upsidedown cake with pistachio ice cream! Definitely going back.
5	Stopped in here this evening right when they called last call, and Keith the bartender was nice enough to pour me a good red wine and even a complementary shot of flavored whiskey. The ambiance is simply seductive. Shades of Belle Epoch Paris, with chandelier lighting, and a great drink list...I will have to come back with a date and do dinner and the whole works.
5	This place is amazing! I was there for a work dinner and the atmosphere, staff, and food were incredible! The owner was right outside and asked what we though as we left and it was definitely worth every penny!! Perfect date night spot also. Can't wait to go back!
4	I went to this restaurant last night as part of the BF and I's V day date exchange. This restaurant had some extreme highs and some middling points. The highs:-House made cinnamon whiskey and the whiskey apple.....I don't even like whiskey and I love this!-Our waiter, Tommy, was awesome, helpful, and honest-Brisket biscuit..... tiny, but packed a lot of flavor, the meat was tender and the sauce was tangy...just delicious.-Broccoli carbonara....not healthy in the least.... so delicious, creamy and cheesy sauce over perfectly cooked broccoli. -Apple caramel upside down cake - this cake is phenomenal.... the perfect amount of sweetness and the pairing of the pistachio ice cream is just wonderful. -Popcorn grits....extremely tasty, Definitely will get this as a side next time (got it with the pork this time). The Middling points: -We were seated right next to the door to the restaurant on the patio, which was ok....but it was a very high traffic area next to the waiting area/lounge thing and it was cold out and this particular table was not near a heater or a fire....not awesome. (and yes, we made reservations a week ahead of time)- The pork entree was pretty mediocre....pork should be extremely delicious, but this pork was just lacking flavor. The portion size was big, but that doesn't matter if it's not something you really would like to eat. -The goodnight kiss drink was just alright....it had chantilly cream in it, which sounded amazing, but in reality made the drink just a bit too thick and heavy to be very enjoyable. Overall, the night was nice, the food was good, and I would definitely return, but next time I might stick with sides, apps, drinks, and desserts (with an emphasis on dessert...yum).
5	This is a nice spot with a wonderful outdoor/patio area.We ate outside and it was a wonderful experience.They have a very nice inside eating area too.Great place for a date or special evening out.Our server was great and most food items were very good.Trie 8 different plates among the 3 of us and the only weak plate was the shrimp appetizer. Rarely order a steak, but the ribeye was the highlight of the meal.It's a bit expensive, but a very nice restaurant.Definitely need a reservation for the weekends.Looking forward to my next visit!
5	Everything about this experience was so spot-on. Every single person on staff was friendly, warm, and helpful. The food was perfection: creative, tasty, unpretentious. Both the indoor and outdoor seating is gorgeous and heavy on the ambiance (in a good way). We started with the lamb&foie gras meatballs (oh, how far I've fallen from meatless diet) and the brisket + biscuit (I'm a sucker for a good rhyme). Both were incredible, and turned out to be a fair indication of what was to follow. Collectively, we ordered the streak, the lamb pasta, and the scallops. SCALLOPS FTW. Everything was beautiful and tasty, but the scallops really took it home. As for drinks, don't leave here without trying their house made cinnamon whiskey. My parents loved it so much that they're still drunk as I type this. Additionally, I ordered a Pimms Mule and my mom had a Cosmo, both of which were expertly crafted and delicious. If you're in Scottsdale and looking for an intimate setting with exquisite food, don't hesitate to make a reservation here (but seriously, make a reservation because this place is always poppin').
5	I loved this place in a recent visit to Scottsdale. A smooth, sexy vibe with a sleek, well managed environment and menu. I loved the Foie Gras with eel, the scottish salmon, and the Goodnight Kiss after an excellent meal. We tried half a dozen appetizers including duck confit and lobster roll and all were excellent. Party of about 20 but they handled us all very, very well.
5	Sat outside with another couple and had a great dinner! Little pricey, but the quality of food was good. I love to share plates and this place is great for that!
5	What an incredibly gorgeous place to spend an evening:  sitting outside on the patio, surrounded by twinkling lights, underneath a massive redwood tree.  The ambiance could not have been better (full moon didn't hurt), but add in the stellar service and the incredible food and this might be my favorite new "nice place" to dine.  This is not an inexpensive place to eat, but worth every penny.  In particular, I recommend the steak tartare appetizer, the scallop entree, and the side of basil and brie smashed potatoes.
4	The House has a beautiful patio with a great atmosphere, perfect for date nights! The food was very delicious and rich. Our server Anne was very helpful and easy going. The only thing that was unexpected was that our food was ''auctioned off'' and with the price of the food at this restaurant, that shouldn't be happening.
1	After trying to get a table at "The Misson" it was suggested we try "The House," their sister restaurant several blocks away. Wow! What an incredible waste of $200!  The only saving grace was the company of great friends that we hadn't seen in four years.  The atmosphere and service was excellent, which is why I feel it deserves at least one star.  The food? After all the rave reviews I'm thinking maybe the executive chef had the evening off.......For starters we shared:Berkshire Pork BellyDuck Confit Meatballs w/ Foie GrasBone Marrow We could have skipped all of these!Dinner:Lamb Bolognese, ok, but tasted no mint, lemon or marscaponeSeared Diver Scallops, of which there were three Roasted Jidori Chicken, so dry it turned to sawdust in your mouth - yuk!Berkshire Pork Ribs, the only thing that was plentiful and tasty (never mind one side of the rib was undercooked!)All the fancy buzz words used to describe the dishes on the menu I think were there to impress as almost everything was truly one-dimensional and underwhelming!  The loud overhead, hip-hop music was so inappropriate - you would think in a cozy, romantic, intimate environment the selection would be a little more subdued.Never again!
5	Eaten here twice and exquisite each time.  I did not originally intend to order the hamburger for lunch but it was the best I have ever eaten.  Earlier had fish for dinner.   Each instance a superb meal.
5	Enjoyed a wonderful anniversary dinner last night on the patio. I think the thing I was most impressed with is the fact that there were several LARGE parties--like 10-15 tops--and the restaurant handled it with ease! The kitchen wasn't ridiculously backed up. The servers weren't harried and terse with other guests. In fact, 2 of those large parties were prom kids and I was very impressed with how the staff handled it all. Certain Italian restaurants in downtown Phoenix **cough cough**CIBO **cough cough** should come take note on how to handle large crowds while still treating all guests like they are important. The food was spot on. We started with the smoked burratta for an appetizer. Creamy, silky, heavenly cheese topped with smoked leeks and truffle oil...what's not to love? I had the kale salad and husband had the Italian farro salad. Both were delicious, not overly dressed, and chilled. Love that. For entrees, I enjoyed the Jidori Chicken which was PERFECT. It was not overcooked or overseasoned and I love the frenched bone in. Wonderful. My husband had the Creekstone filet. He likes his steak well done and House Brasserie did not disappoint. For dessert, we shared the apple upside down cake. The pistachio ice cream really made the dish...the cake itself was just kind of meh....the ice cream definitely saved it. The patio is BEAUTIFUL with lots of space and I highly recommend requesting outdoor seating if possible. While this is a "special occasion" priced place, we will definitely keep this one in our repertoire of places to visit again SOON!
5	One of the most charming restaurants I've ever been too with a powerhouse, creative menu!  We sat outside under a giant canopied tree with standing lamps, candles, a warm breeze right at sunset.  Beyond the cozy setting, the food was simply delicious. I enjoyed the lamb bolognese which was perfect for spring. That paired with Stag Leap Petit Syrah was just perfection. I will be back when I return to Scottsdale next month!
3	I was really looking forward to my lunch date with The House, after all I love the Mission.  However, our meals really lacked WOW factor-- for the prices it should be impressive.  In a group of six no one ooooed or awwwed over the meal and one had to be sent back.   We had the lemon curd cake but the blackberries were to seedy and affected the overall texture of the cake. The apple upside down cake was better but not amazing.  Our service was average and then they ran the wrong amount on the credit cards so it took a bit of fixing on the tab. Not sure, if I will do a dinner date at these prices.
5	God I love this place! Old school cocktails, beautifully prepared and tasty food and the perfect Old Town Scottsdale Location. Eat at the bar and watch the masters of mixology at work. You're seriously going to think you're in San Francisco when you dine at this gem!
5	One of the best new restaurants I've been to in a while. A converted 1940s-ish Scottsdale home, this place has the Best ambiance--especially the outdoor patio. The brisket appetizer is amazing. I had the scallops for the entree and it was fantastic. Can't wait to return!
5	One of the best new restaurants I've been to in a while. A converted 1940s-ish Scottsdale home, this place has the Best ambiance--especially the outdoor patio. The brisket appetizer is amazing. I had the scallops for the entree and it was fantastic. Can't wait to return!
4	Great food, ambiance and service. Oh and don't forget the cocktails. Really enjoyed the beef brisket biscuit and the jerk chicken. Kale salad was tasty too. My only complaint is on the cheese plate, the piece of cheese + bread was pricey for the amount you receive. Our waitress was wonderful and I'm sorry I don't remember her name. She gave great suggestions and spaced our food delivery out wonderfully. Will go back soon.
5	So my girlfriend and I decided to go out for girls night and check out this new spot for dinner. We had no idea what to expect as we had never seen the place before, but we knew it had to be good if it was anything like the mission. Well it was so much more than that! It was the cutest little place set in an old historic house with a charming candelight patio and the hugest tree I had ever seen sprawling over the place! We were greated and told a bit about the menu and drinks after we were sat outside in front of the lovely old fireplace. I chose the watermelon cooler and my friend went with a margarita of some kind. OMG those drinks were to die for!!! the watermelon cooler was so so good and I could have drank that all night! We then decided to share a few things for small plates. We ordered the brisket biscut which just melted in your mouth and was packed with flavor! We then had the crab dip which was absolutely delicious and creamy and the bread was toasted to perfection. Then our absolute favorite was the duck confit meatballs. These were thee best meatballs ever! Crispy on the outside soft on the inside and there was a serious explosion of flavors that I cannot even describe!It was so good we went for brunch the next day and let me tell you that was amazing as well. Do yourself a favor and treat your palate at the House Brasserie!
5	My husband and I have been a huge fan of The Mission, the sister restaurant to The House. We decided to spend our anniversary at The House. What a beautiful place! We told them of our special occasion and they sat us at the outdoor fireplace. Our service from the second we walked up to the property was fantastic! The drinks are delicious and so was the food! We had a shared plate, the brisket on a biscuit and we both had the filet for our main course. Everything was spot on! It's a casual atmosphere and very low key... The food is upscale and wonderfully prepared. Prices are reasonable too. Hidden gem. Great place! We look forward to dining here again!
4	If I could, I'd give 4.5 stars.  We celebrated our anniversary here this past weekend.  The restaurant itself is extremely charming and in cooler temperatures, the patio is probably a wonderful place to enjoy a meal.  Do not miss the craft cocktails.  They are interesting, unique, and tasty.  We shared the brisket on a biscuit and the crab fondue.  The brisket was phenomenal.  The fondue was tasty as well but it did tasty unfortunately fishy.  The filet was perfectly prepared and the brie and basil fingerling potatoes were delicious.  My husband's lamb was enjoyable but he was disappointed to find that the kitchen had substituted peas for fava beans.  He let the waiter know and they were kind enough to buy us dessert.  Our waiter was charming, friendly and appropriately attentive.  I will definitely return.
5	Never disappointed!  Menu is unique and hard to pick just one dish to try.  A must do in Scottsdale.
5	Outstanding!  Wonderful food, cocktails, and service!  My husband and I frequently dine and enjoy trying local places and we are so pleased that we came here.  The server was great and when we were seated he was honest and told us we could order cocktails and relax a little so the kitchen could catch up!  We went for a relaxing evening and that definitely started it - he offered great input for various items on the menu based on what we said we like.  The food was top notch - fresh scallops cooked to perfection, and the chicken gidori was delicious.  We shared an upside down cake with pistachio ice-cream, yummy.  All courses were great and the price was very reasonable for the food we received.  The ambiance was cozy and sophisticated.  We highly recommend trying this - we will go back !
5	The House Brasserie was amazing. Todd and Tommy were our waiters and they were so nice and very helpful in every way. We were there this past weekend for a bacherlorette weekend and the food was amazing. We ordered sevewral dishes and split everything. A few of our favorites were the brisket and biscuit, the duck meatball, the country pork rib, the halibut, the grits, the broccolli. They even gave us a free bottle of champagne to celebrate the night. The atmosphere was so cute and fun. We would definitely come back again!!!
2	Let me clarify, we didn't actually eat. We went here on our way to a show... . We didn't have reservations admittedly, but let the wait staff at the door know that we were on our way to a show and just needed to know if we could  be sat in time. Rather than giving an answer they kept saying they were waiting on menus. They clearly didn't want to serve us, they indicated that we could eat in the bar but then didn't provide any service there.I walked away feeling like the staff were very elitist and the experience put a damper on our night out.
5	Oh Holy Deliciousness!  This charming little place has made it to my favorites list with just one visit! The atmosphere is lively and comfortable as well as romantic and a little elegant. Think candlelit dining room and bar, chandeliers, and comfy chairs. There is a nice outdoor dining patio as well. We had dinner at the bar which we enjoyed even better than if we had a table in the dining room. The customer service from the minute you walk in the door was phenomenal! The bartenders were very knowledgeable in their trade as well as the restaurant's menu items. Keith was a master at directing us on the house specialties for drinks as well as food.  For the meal itself, we decided to do several of the small plates rather than two entrees. Our meal: Buratta with truffle oil - delishly richPork Belly with Kimchi and udon noodle - the combination of flavors was amazingShort Ribs on a biscuit - (yes, we had pork belly and biscuits in the same sitting - don't judge!) this dish was devineApple upside down cake with pistachio ice cream - my husband says this is the best dessert he's had in a whileI can't wait to go back for some of the items I didn't get to....we'll opt for the bar again, it was so much more fun!
3	In love with the French atmosphere, disappointed with the food. Many dishes too salty and overrated by the staff. Hard to eat healthy here. The menu is all over the place.
5	i was looking for a comfortable yet delicious place to take the boyfriend for his birthday and the friend recommended the house. i'm soooo glad that we came here! not only is it ridiculously charming and romantic, this place can seriously serve up some delicious dishes!for starters we had the berkshire pork belly with kimchee/udon noodles/fried egg as well as the steak tartare with fries dusted with a spice rub and avocado mousse. the pork belly was super tender and juicy with a bit of sweetness which perfectly offset the vinegar tinge of the kimchee. i loved the udon and i'm a sucker for a fried egg on top of anything so i was in heaven. the steak tartare was prepared perfectly with a great citrus taste that worked with the avocado mousse. the fries kicked ass. i mean, c'mon, who doesn't love fries?the waiter was extremely attentive and had a whole host of great recommendations when it came to the entrees and drinks. we ordered the seared diver scallops and the pork country rib. let me warn you, the portion on the pork country rib is HUGE. i wasn't even able to finish half of it and took it home (which made a badass breakfast in the morning). the seared diver scallops were buttery and melted in your mouth. we topped off dinner with the apple upside down cake with pistachio ice cream. holy crap that was freaking great! the perfect end to a perfect meal.thank you, the house brasserie, for making my boyfriend's dinner fantastic and extremely enjoyable. we will definitely be back for dinner and will have to check out brunch on your dog friendly patio :).
5	Very romantic, great patio, great food. The Whiskey River cocktail is amazing - I can't stop thinking about it.
4	Amazing great food. A quaint location that's intimate and cozy. The dishes are a little pricey but, worth the splurge
5	Unbelievable service and the food  was amazing!
1	Another overpriced and overrated  restaurant in the Valley.  Had an arugula salad that appeared mixed with other lettuce - was overly dressed, to the point of have soggy veggies.  Followed by the halibut which had a strangely metallic taste to it - definitely pass on this.  Not worth the splurge.Lackluster in my book, perhaps more of a 1 1/2 star place.The ambiance is quaint, the service good - the waitresses wore matching dresses, but with a lower than necessary neckline, revealing more than necessary.  Easy parking.
5	My girlfriend & I have walked by this place a few times & have commented on how good it smells. I finally took her there for her birthday and they definitely didn't disappoint. The food was amazing, fresh ingredients and full of flavor. The staff was courteous, knowledgeable of the menu and professional. This is the first restaurant in the Phoenix area that has reminded me of eating in San Francisco. Needless to say my girlfriend & I love this place. Make sure you try the Irish Coffee!
5	Wonderful meal!  Very friendly, approachable and knowledgeable staff made our night even more enjoyable.  We started at the bar with a cocktail and the charcuterie sampler before moving into the dining room for our dinner.  Both salads we had were very tasty (the Brussel Sprout Salad edged out the Black Kale Salad in my opinion) as well as all three meals we ordered (Lamb Ragout, Diver Scallops and Filet).  While I didn't have the Irish Coffee, the people I were with raved about it.  Compared to Zinc Bistro, their sister restaurant, The House Brasserie was considerably better!
4	I popped in previously to book a group for a work meeting, but had never eaten there. Even though my managers decided to eat elsewhere, the customer service left a positive impression. The hostess greeted me by opening the door and a manger walked me through his favorite menu items. I returned tonight to have appetizers and drinks with my dad and loved it. We sat inside at the bar, which was crowded, but Heather, our server, and Ryan, the manager, took great care of us. They knew the menu well, could explain the wines in depth, and treated us to some yummy desserts! The shrimp appetizer plate, date and espresso cookies, goat cheese cake, and glorified s'mores were all amazing. Definitely coming back!!
5	Yes! Such an amazing place in the Old Scottsdale area. Lunch is out of this world and dinner on the patio is so charming.! We will be back
5	This place is fantastic, been there twice and going again today.  The brunch   selections are perfect, service  is amazing and the decor is beautiful.
5	This is an awesome gem right in Old Town!  It is located in an hold house.  The inside is very elegant.  I've eaten here twice. Once for brunch and once for dinner.  For brunch I had an outstanding homemade crepe.  For dinner,   I ate the brisket and biscuit and it was A+!   One of my new fav places!  The also have a large patio seating area!!!
1	Warning! Had the foie grass dish. Worst ever. Do not order this. Asked to have it redone and they brought the same platter. Do not order. This is junk.
3	I was looking forward to trying the house. I'm a big fan of the Mission! The atmosphere and deco get an easy 5 stars, such a cute little place. I wish it was cool enough to sit at the patio. But in August... we sat at the bar. The service was friendly but sometimes over friendly...in an awkward way. But really the food was just okay, nothing special. we had the smoked burrata and the ricotta on a toast, both were okay. the presentation was very nice, flavors were good but nothing that makes you want to lick the bowl. For main course I had the fish and he had the chicken jidori. My flavors were good but for him , the dish was too small. For dessert we had the goat cheese cake, really good and very interesting combination of flavors. Overall good! but nothing that made me want to go back.
5	Recently visited Scottsdale and stumbled upon this jewel of a restaurant off the beaten path. It was so inviting from the street that we HAD to stop; little house under big beautiful trees, twinkling lights, outside patio with table lamps becconing us in. It was so warm at night that an outdoor table under the trees was perfect. The music was a nice, down-tempo house variety which set a great summer mood. We ordered food to share... brussel sprout salad, smashed fingerlings with basil and a pork dish. I have to say that with the same owners and chefs as the Mission, the food tends to be over thought a tad pretentious. The sides were simple and great but the main dish was all over the place in terms of it's flavor profile...in other words no cohesion.  The dining room and restroom are gorgeous and make for one really romantic night out and definitely worth a visit. I would recommend though, that one select the uncomplicated dishes because when they keep it simple, the food is fantastic.
4	Finally able to try the House restaurant.  It has a very sophisticated atmosphere where you can enjoy a relaxing night out with your guest or friends. You are not rushed through dinner and have adequate time between courses.  The service and knowledge of the waitstaff was excellent.   The restaurant is a a bit pricey so it is definitely a special occasion time of place.  For starters we had the shrimp with roast corn and Arizona ricotta toast, Creekstone filet and Halibut as the entrees and for dessert we tried the caramel apple cake and goat cheese cake.  Everything was cooked perfectly with wonderful combination of flavors in all dishes. A great dining experience.
5	Great venue- interesting and delightful food, quality wine list and top notch service.
4	After our third attempt for dinner at House Brasserie, the Hubs and I finally completed our mission for date night at the new spot this past Saturday.  We called the night before, and were fortunate enough to get their very last reservation for the night at the high-top table in the bar.  As our wonderful waitress informed us, we were sitting at the best table in the house and I can confidently say I agree.  Parking was a bit tricky, but once we walked in I was more than pleasantly surprised.  The restaurant itself is very romantic with great lighting and interesting decor, especially in the bar area.  Our waitress took the time to tell us about the amazing house that is now the restaurant, and it made me appreciate the experience that much more.As far as the food/drinks go, this place isn't cheap by any means.  The prices are worth it though (for the most part).  I had the watermelon cooler, which was refreshing and interesting - I would probably try something else next time, but all in all it was good.  The best things we ate were the brisket and biscuit and the goat cheese cheesecake.  HOLY SMOKES!  Those two things were close your eyes and have a moment good - even three days later I am still thinking about them.  A must for sure.  The biggest miss we had was the shrimp with sweet corn.  Just didn't taste too great and it wasn't anything special like the brisket and cheesecake.  We shared the lamb pasta and duck confit meatballs.  I felt like these were pretty good, but didn't blow me away like the previously mentioned items.So thankful we finally made it to House.  We love the Mission and are equally pleased with House.  The service was fab as was the food, so in my humble opinion this spot is a homerun!
4	Love this place!!Absolutely Amazing appetizers & ambience! Service is great & staff is friendly!One thing is entrees are not as incredible as appetizersTotally recommend this place
4	Great atmosphere!  Good food but a few complaints. There were 4 of us and when they brought the food the various servers didn't know who had what, which I thought,  for the price was not good. When the waiter asked my husband who had the filet, my husband told the waiter that we both had it, the waiter then placed the first filet in front of my husband.  My husband then gave me that plate. Wouldn't  you serve ladies first, especially since it was another minute or so until the next one came out???...then the food was barely warm. Don't get me wrong,  I would return,  but I thought for $350 for 4 people it could have been a bit better.
4	Nice creative menu in a beautiful setting. Great cheese plate and more
5	Fantastic Bar...great ambiance....awesome drinks... Cordial staff.  I tried their cinnamon infused whiskey and their beers and they are fantastic. They have duval on tap!I didn't have any food but heard good things about it. The ambiance is incredibly inviting and cozy. They have a nice fireplace in the back patio.
4	After being a HUGE fan of the Mission I decided to try this place out seeing that it's owned by the same owners even though I was very skeptical that it could possibly be as great. To my surprise it lived up to what others had told me. The ambiance was amazing. Very much like the mission. Candles light up the entire place. The outside patio is quite large and there is a lot of seating available. The staff was great and very helpful with making suggestions on the menu. My favorite items on the menu are the scallops and the Apple caramel upside down cake. They were cooked to perfection and melt in your mouth. They have a great wine list and its a perfect setting to enjoy a few glasses of wine:) This is a great date night spot that I recommend it now to all my friends.
3	After hearing so many great things I brought an out of town colleague for dinner. Unfortunately our experience was soso. I knew it would not be an inexpensive dinner but I was disappointed to pay 36$ for an entre and not be wowed. My fish was good but not amazing. My friends salmon special was a bit dry. The bright spot was the bread board and the drinks. And of course the patio. The staff was nice but a bit over coached. I like a genuine atmosphere. Maybe we will try some drinks and appetizers next time and skip the entree.
4	Met friends here last night for our second enjoyable dining experience at this fine dining establishment.  This time we chose to eat inside, although the outdoor area is lovely, albeit due to the somewhat confined area, we had noted the tables to be somewhat small in accommodating everyone's plates, water and wine glasses during the main course.It was the first time for the couple we had joined us and they were very pleased with our selection, except for the lack of valet service I'd assured them The House provided as they had last time. My husband and I had lucked out by getting the last spot in the small parking lot but in downtown Scottsdale at prime dining hour on a Saturday night, spots are not easy to come by. Apparently, there's a little known lot around the corner in which patrons can park but it would help to be made aware of this at time of reservations/confirmation. In any event, we sat directly across from the kitchen but were pleased to see - and hear - that not only was it not noisy, but how efficiently orders were placed (with attention to detail as my husband and I heard while awaiting our friends arrival) - and then picked up for delivery to the tables. Our own selections were well prepared to our specifications with the appropriate amounts of time between seating, ordering and courses being brought to the table. My husband and I both enjoyed the arugula salad followed by chicken atop risotto - at first we thought the entree looked small and regretted not having ordered a side dish but it turned out to be plentiful and succulent. Our friend is wine enthusiast so we deferred to him for our wine selections and were pleased with his choices.  Aside from the presentation and preparation, the staff was attentive, accommodating and friendly.  Truly made for an excellent dining experience.
5	I went to the house tonight to celebrate my birthday with my girlfriend and our experience was incredible! Our server, Tommy, had great recommendations and really knew about the the menu and even picked out the perfect birthday dessert! The duck confit meatballs, scallops, and brisket were amazing! Jimmy, the manager, came by frequently to make sure everything was going well and after dinner we stopped by the bar for an after dinner drink and Billy created some great cocktails for us! We couldn't have had a better night!
5	I have been here twice and had great experiences both times. My sister in laws took me here for my bday earlier this year and we had a great girls night here. Fun dishes and drinks in a cozy atmosphere and of course close to old town so plenty of bars nearby for after dinner. Second time came here just sat at the bar for drinks and they had a good selection and the bar tender was able to make some speciality drinks for us
5	Always great service and delicious food! The bartenders here are TRUE mixologists!Heather and Tommy are both incredible servers, knowledgable of the cocktail, wine and food menus. They will never hesitate to acquiesce any request, and they are sincerely two of the funniest servers that I have ever met. I enjoy every time I come to The House and they take care of me!FYI- Steak tartare, foie gras, and scallops are incredible.
5	By far the cutest place I've been in scottsdale. I took my bf here for his birthday and had requested a romantic table-they definitely did not disappoint! We were seated in front of the fireplace on the patio.We ordered Pinot Grigio and he had some of the cinnamon whiskey they make in house (they do not sell it by the bottle, so you can only enjoy it in the restaurant), he loved it! For appetizers I would definitely recommend the ricotta and radish bruschetta, it is so creamy and the flavors flow so well together. I ordered the scallops for dinner and he had the filet, both were aesthetically pleasing and extremely DELICIOUS to say the least. For dessert, he was served a deconstructed cheesecake with sparklers on the side which was different than any dessert we'd ever had before.The ambiance, service, and food were all top notch. I would tell anyone to go here if they want to have an amazing night.
5	This place is awesome hands down the best place to go to in old town for anything great food they make me look good I'm a cab driver when I recommend this place to people they call me thanks that place was great we love it
5	I adore this place. Food is always consistently great and the bar manager is always a great source of new whiskey suggestions. The outside patio area is cute and the inside is nice and cozy.
5	Perfect!  Great food, great ambiance, great drinks. My only complaint is that people seem to be catching on and it is getting busy.
5	Some of the most friendly and knowledgable service I've had in a while! The food was all delicious. Rich and on the salty side but interesting and unique!
5	This place really hit the spot! My girlfriend and I yelped it and were not disappointed by the 4.5 star review. We tried 4 appetizers. The Udon noodle and Biscuit brisket w white cheddar were tops. Food was outstanding. The service, decor, ambiance, and quality were all top notch. The best part of all? The drink menu. Try em all!
4	Really Good Food! Plain a simple. A bit pricey but worth every penny. Great service, great specials.
5	one word...amazing!!!!
5	Great food and atmosphere.  Recommended.
4	Great service and menu. We were especially drawn to the atmosphere and history behind the house. If you haven't been yet it's highly recommended.
4	Yummy! Loved the bartender. Loved the food (chef trained at French Laundry). Great ambiance. If your looking for history this is your spot house built in '37.
3	Lovely, rich food, adorable atmosphere, spotty service and prices that are about a third more than they should be.  If you're trying to wow a date, or just have drinks, this is a great place.  For dinner, for the money, you might be able to do better.I've been to two parties here, and it looks really impressive.  The atmosphere alone is worth the trip for a special date night.  I've tasted/ordered many of the dishes.  They were all delicious and well made, rich but not too heavy and in perfect portions.  However, the dishes are quite pricey, and, in my opinion, not quite remarkable enough to merit it.  I think there are plenty of fine restaurants that charge a little less and wow a little more.  The service is, well, odd.  The hostesses and bar tenders seem nice.  However, I noticed that asking even simple questions sent the servers back to the kitchen to check - when I was a server, that was pretty rare, and they had almost the same menu many months apart, so constant changes weren't to blame.  The first time, the server was nice.  The second time, the lady was just bordering on rude, and bizzarely insistent that the salad I ordered contained no avocado (even though the menu expressly listed it).  In a place that charges so much, I would have expected polite, knowledgable staff.
5	I just want to say again that I had another exquisite visit to The House. I was invited to a bridal shower on December 29th. The patio could not have been more comfortable or inviting. It truly felt like we were at someone's home. I was so AMAZED at how much I enjoyed the food! I was still so stuffed as I tried to taste more of the shared pork dish (only on Sundays) and it's accompaniments. The service was stellar. I would recommend hosting an event here anytime.
5	There is a very short list of restaurants that we will bring foodie friends visiting from out of town for a special dinner. After our second meal there, House Brasserie is definitely in the rotation (the others, in case you're curious, are Crudo, Roka Akor and Virtu).The setting is intimate and the lighting is great. it's not so loud you can't have a conversation, but not so quiet that it lacks energy.The service is truly top notch. On both occasions out waiter was Tommy. He was attentive, helpful, professional and pleasant. He made great recommendations yet never intrusive. Food came at the right times and temperatures.On this occasion we dined with a group and tried just about everything on his suggestion. The cheese and meat boards he brought were fantastic appetizers. The scallops were the star entree. The pasta with lamb ragu was also outstanding. As sides the grits, broccoli and gratin potatoes were all done perfectly. Only problem is that we had no room for dessert!One of the true 5 star spots in Phoenix. Highly recommended.
5	From the moment you turn into the lot The House Brasserie is a delight. With an atmosphere of casual elegance in a historic Scottsdale landmark a meal here is a treat in every way.Everything from the appetizers to dessert was made with ingredients so fresh you could taste it. The Smoked Burrata was a simple, elegant start to an incredible experience. The House proves that truly fine ingredients are the only way to begin.The cheerful, accommodating staff helped us choose from among the plethora of inventive salads, and though everything sounded delicious the Shaved Black Kale Salad was a refreshing, fascinating dish. We followed it up with a Chicken Parmesan sandwich, garnished with smoked tomato, arugula, mozzarella, and basil, and like everything before it was unique and artfully made. A side of scrumptious long stemmed broccoli served in a spicy tomato-basil sauce complimented the sandwich perfectly, and had us convinced we had found a way to make kids eat vegetables.Of course, a meal this beautiful had to end with dessert, and we finished lunch with the most creative Goat Cheese Cake, a light, sweet, unassuming treat decorated with diced strawberries, lavender honey, and espresso chocolate crumbles. I have no reservations about recommending The House to even the pickiest foodies. The decor, the music, the service, and, of course, the food all conspired to make this one of the best meals this side of the Atlantic.
5	We went to House Brasserie Friday night for a friend's birthday and loved it. The atmosphere is warm, the perfect kind of dim, absolutely charming. We had really nice drinks and the bartender was very accommodating about my requests to change the French 75 - and it was delish.  We had smoked burrata and the Barolo salumi, both were delicious.  Two of us shared a salad, which was good, and I had the filet. I like well-done meat, which is often a problem because it offends the kitchen - not here.  Thank you!!! Everyone lived their entrees (huge ribeye, scallops).  Didn't love the texture of the duck meatballs, but flavor was great. Dessert was yummy - especially the apple upside down cake with pistachio ice cream. That doesn't sound good, but it was amazing! He service was absolutely fantastic (thanks Tommy), too. I cannot wait to return - and sit on the gorgeous patio.
2	I was really excited to try another of Matt Carter's restaurants because I am a big fan of The Mission and Zinc Bistro. Hopefully the night I visited was an "off" visit or this venture will fall VERY short of the other well established restaurants in this group!The ambiance is very warm and welcoming, they do have that going for them. The waitress that we had was very disappointing though. Our party had a 9:15PM reservation on a Tuesday night and it was clear she wanted to leave from the moment we arrived. Throughout our meal, we felt so rushed and she was not shy about speeding the service up. They served our entrees to us 5 minutes after we started our appetizer course so we had a million plates on the table, and she asked more than once if we wanted our items wrapped to-go while we were clearly still eating. It was very irritating. She did not ask once throughout the meal how the food tasted. I can easily look past spotty service if the food makes up for it but this was not the case. Now for the food: on a side note, we were dining with a vegetarian friend (not a strict one, she eats fish and seafood as well). While I am anything but vegetarian, a well-equipped menu should ALWAYS have a few vegetarian options on hand. Her only option on the menu was a kale salad, which she said was very tasty but based on the limited nature of the menu, I would not recommend this restaurant for vegetarians. Seafood options had bacon and ham incorporated in to the dishes. We ordered two appetizers, the ham hock poutine and warm shrimp. The poutine was the only item we ordered of the night that I honestly enjoyed but the shrimp were bland (even though harissa was supposed to be in the dish!) and the very small type, though that was not specified on the menu. For entrees, we ordered the seared diver scallops, lamb ragout, and we were sent out a compted Pork Country Rib because we were dining with a former employee of a sister restaurant. The best dish was the pork one that we didn't even order, I have no complaints about that one, it was actually quite good. I found the lamb ragout to be lacking in flavor and the scallops were not seared, they were closer to steamed. Our side of crab fried rice was so salty that we couldn't eat more than one bite. After the average food, I was reluctant to order desert. It is possible we visited on an off night and it is also possible we ordered all the wrong things but based on our experience, I will be sticking with The Mission.
5	The decor was amazing and the service was fantastic. The food was absolutely immaculate. The lamb dish was to die for and the chicken was very succulent and had nice sauces. The wild sea bass was cooked to perfection! The appetizers and salads are also very tasty. It was a very good overall experience. I would defiantly like to go back again.
5	The lamb rage pasta will ruin any pasta I ever order. The meatballs with fois gras was amazing. Overall, our whole meal was perfect. The service was also the best I have ever had.
5	Another impressive accomplishment from the team responsible for The Mission and Zinc Bistro.In consistent form, House Brasserie is a unique and enjoyable dining experience.  The eclectic light fixtures and wallpaper establish a feel of elegance that is both comfortable and approachable.  The menu delivers creativity and variety with a number of small plates that are perfect for sharing. The cocktail list is fun balancing some familiar classics with a few innovative options as well.The difference between good and great often lies in the details, and once again those are well attended to at House Brasserie.Enjoy.
5	Just WOW again. Came by on foot with my dog and decided to dine at The House for lunch. Again, the patio incredibly comfortable, my dog welcomed with water. My ice tea very good and refreshing, the arugula salad great. Service fantastic from newbie Nicole, and managers Debbie and Watson stopped by to see how everything was. On Debbie's recommendation I had the chicken parmesan sandwich. This is something I would have never considered on my own and it was Amazing. Thank you to The House!
4	First time we went here the service was amazing and the food was great. We sat outside by the fireplace which was very special and romantic. Tonight the food was once again fantastic but the waitress was so so at best. For this price I would expect professional, warm, passionate, and engaged servers. All the support staff was really great. We ordered the $6 coffee which is really good but the waitress would have left it until it was cold if we wouldn't have asked the bus boy to help us. Also, if you sit inside be ready to talk over loud and odd music. Also be ready to share your conversation with the patrons on both sides because there is very little room. All in all I would still recommend The House Brasserie but it has way more potential than it is delivering.
5	Oh my goodness, so freaking good!  When we arrived the waitress told us all about the building and the restaurant.  We had a rather large group (10) and they were great with serving us.  If I lived in Scottsdale I would definitely go there again and again!
2	First time here, brought another couple and the food was good but was overshadowed by poor service from our waiter, who seemed not care about anything. Our waiter showed no enthusiasm when we were seated and didn't mention any specials but told us what they were out of. Three of us had chicken which was good, one had the ribeye which came with what I thought  was a baked potatoes but came with a potato in a small dish which was about 65 percent blue cheese and 35 percent actual potato, I did not like it and when the waiter came around I politely mentioned it and he said, ok and walked away, he made no attempt to offer me something's else or redo the side dish. Later the manager was making the rounds, at this time we were finished with our dinner and she offered to get me another side, which she did about 15 minutes later which was about 30 minutes after we finished our dinner. The dinner was $45 for the steak which was fair at best. We ordered coffee and some deserts and the coffee came late and the waiter mumbled something about the coffee maker, my guest wanted a refill on the coffee and the waiter was no where to be found.  Given our first and only experience here taking some clients out for dinner I would say it greatly disappointed us all. It isn't inexpensive, the food was fair and the service was a 3 out of 10.Additionally make a reservation earlier in the week became complicated on their end and they called us three times to change things and told us we would get champagne for being so patient with them in trying to book a reservation, we of course did not get champagne, nor did they likely remember they even told us that. One of the calls they made TO us to change the time after they called US they put us on hold.Based on the other reviews perhaps we just had a lot of bad luck?
5	My fiance and I came here for Valentine's Day Dinner and it couldn't have been better.We had a great table on the beautiful patio.Service was outstanding.  Attentive, kind, and fun.  The food was incredible.  We ordered appetizers, sides, and entrees, and all of it was delicious.Be prepared to spend around $150 for a table of 2.  If you can handle that, you'll be very happy you chose to come to The House Brasserie.
1	My first impression of the House Brasserie was a disappointment. My boyfriend had made reservations several weeks in advance as a surprise Valentine's day gift to me. The reservations were confirmed  for 8:45 via Opentable. Then a voicemail was received confirming the same time but we would need to be out of the restaurant by 10:30 as the table was needed for another reservation. At 5:50, a text was received confirming 5:45 reservation time. My boyfriend called the restaurant ask about the mixup only to be told in a condescending voice that they would TRY to accommodate the 8:45 time slot. My upset boyfriend was left with the impression that the restaurant was trying to coerce him into canceling his reservation so someone else could take our place instead. This is just poor form for a restaurant that is supposed to be such a fabulous place.
3	I just wasn't feeling it here.  Maybe I've been spoiled by all of the great restaurants in New Orleans lately.  I'm not sure, but The House Brasserie was a disappointment.  It wasn't bad.  It was better than average.  It just didn't meet the expectation build up.- The service was good, although if the female server touched me one more time, my wife (on Valentine's Day no less) was going to throw down.- The space was amazing.  Very cool.  Urban gothic.- Waiting in the parking lot kind of sucked.- The charcuterie was a la carte, which bummed me out.  I wanted a traditional charcuterie board with the chef selecting what and how much we receive based on our party size.  The salumi was ok.  The smoked burrata was bad (and I love burrata).  The goat cheese was amazing.- The chef's prepared seared foie gras was good, but the preparation didn't bring out the best in it.  I'm not sure large slices of corn go with fatty duck liver.- For my main, I got the veal chop.  Medium rare.  It was overcooked at well.  Not a shred of pink or tenderness.  The crust that wasn't burnt was good, but seriously, dry veal is terrible.- My wife had the short ribs and mashed potatoes.  It was excellent.  Tender and flavorful.
5	Love. This. Place. This restaurant is just simply perfect. I love the atmosphere (chic), ambiance (cozy), cuisine (modern American) and located off the main street which gives it a more low-key feel. It is a smaller restaurant with a great outdoor patio and amazing decor both inside and out. And don't forget about the oak tree, oldest one around.House brisket and biscuit was superb. It was rich but extremely flavorful. All of the cocktails are hand-pressed and exquisite. Save room for a cup of coffee and if you're going to do that you may as well have some dessert. Coffee is amazing (and dessert). I will be back to try more!An extreme fan of Chef Matt Carter! You definitely will not be disappointed, the best combo of service and hospitality for all!
5	Nice part of history...The drink menu is crafted by local bartender Billy Bessinger...try the specials...love the local feel...it's literally a house but dressed up and a great place to hang out.   You must stop by!
4	Had the house with some good friends and enjoyed the the patio seating.Tried 6 appetizers and 4 entrees like we were cool, took food home as the was only 4 of us.The duck buns, the fried rice were really good.The owner was very cool knew our friends bought us a round on much not needed tequila as we we're already tipsy, but nice night cap...I think...don't really remember much. After that.
5	Super cute atmosphere - large covered patio with heat lamps and great mood lighting.The night started out mediocre. We had been sitting at our table for what felt like a long while when some one finally asked if we had been helped. Once they had realized the start to our night was not impressive, they more than made up for it. Our server, Michael, was great and suggested some very yummy options. Before we even got our appetizer he brought out a very light and delicious cheese pastry. We ordered the brisket to start - very good!Throughout our meal not only was Michael very attentive, but the manager, Watson, had been out a few times to check on us. It always makes you feel good when a manager gives some undivided attention.Dinner was very delicious - I would recommend the filet. It was cooked perfectly - exactly how we had asked. To top off the awesome meal, both Michael and the manager came back out with a little sample of a dessert cookie and an after dinner liquor. We will definitely be back for future vacations - maybe even once more before we leave to head back home.Thank you Michael and Watson for the great service and great experience!
5	Seriously AMAZING. first off, 5 stars for the service she was so sweet and had wonderful reccomendations pertaining to the menu and drinks. She also gave us the history of the building which was really cool and was just all around one of the best servers ive ever had. The food also gets 5 stars. The flavors are unique and complex. You feel as if the chef is in that kitchen cooking every dish to impress you. The pork cake (?) Had the perfect amount of crunch and savory flavor paired with a bitter arugula blend for a contrasting flavor pairing. The buretta was soft and creamy and their pomegranate jam is so delish!!! The atmosphere makes you feel as if you are on vacation at a little cafe in france. Its really something else. Cant wait to return for dinner on the patio. An extra kudo for finding out that amazing server we had?? It was her first day out of training. That blew me away!
2	We arrived to the quaint little street just past Old Town and it was immediately charming, lined with attractive businesses and lit by the glow of twinkling lights strung across the lane, with the retro-awesomeness of Valley Ho looming at the end of the street. The parking scenario is not pleasant -there was a  vacant,ghetto-ish valet stand propped haphazardly out into the street. We did a quick driveby just in case regular parking became evident elsewhere, but eventually gave up and returned to valet. It was difficult to tell where we needed to pull up, and then we waited a significant amount of time before finally being greeted by the valet. The valet himself was curt and unfriendly, and when we returned at the end of the night we once again had to wait an interminable amount of time before we were finally able to get our car. Anyway, we meandered past the lovely garden to the hostess stand, where we were greeted and advised that there would be a wait for a patio table. We're not typically picky about where we sit, so we suggested we'd sit inside if they had tables ready? They did, so we did. After being seated on a banquette at a 4-top table in close proximity to other diners, our server swung by to say hello. It was pretty obvious from the outset that our server was new - she just didn't quite have the polish that the setting (and prices) set the stage for. She gave us a very short explanation of the restaurant (second oldest house in Scottsdale) and took drink orders. We picked up a little bit more information from the server taking care of the table beside ours, who animatedly launched into a detailed description of some of the history and the concept of the restaurant. It sounded interesting!Our appetizers came out very quickly : I had just quietly commented to my husband that it made me sad that nice restaurants which are at least slightly French-influenced don't send amuse bouches anymore when ta-da! Out came an Amuse Bouche from the Chef: Cheese Puffs that were delicious. It was very nice and obviously I had to eat my words :) BUT it was weird that they came out after we had recieved and started on our appetizer - it was the first of some strange pacing issues during our visit. amuse bouche = yummy. Now, back to the appetizers! The House Brisket was generally tasty, although the temperature was cold (how is that possible? We had just ordered and it came out so quickly!) and they were difficult to eat - the portions weren't single bites, but they were tough to cut into and divide into smaller bites as everything just sortof pulled apart. The meatballs: When I think duck confit, I think juicy, fatty and flavor packed deliciousness. These were a bit dry, and the sauce was very thin and difficult to sop up to offset the dryness. They tasted okay but were generally a bit disappointing. Entrees: My Filet was alright - it was cooked to temperature (medium) properly and the accompanying sauce had nice flavor. The corn on the plate seemed like a bit of a throwaway; I always enjoy sweet corn in summer dishes, but this seemed to just be a filler. My husband's braised pork was amazing - the accompanying apple and grits were just perfect and it was one of my favorite parts of the meal. The Basil and Brie Smashed Potatoes were also a let down - the potatoes themselves were very basic fingerling potatoes with little to no flavor, and they were just smashed a little (I was expecting something a bit more mashed or perhaps crispy) Admittedly, Brie is not my favorite and so I avoided that element of the dish, so perhaps I was missing out on the most important flavor component..My dessert was delightful - a pear (or apple? I'm pretty sure it was pear) upside down cake that was just so tasty. I'd go back just for that. My husband's chocolate banana budino was okay, but not super exciting. There didn't seem to be any banana to speak of, so it was basically a quality chocolate pudding. I had mentioned pacing, our food came out so incredibly quickly, we were actually in and out of the restaurant with three courses in an hour and 15 minutes. I feel a little strange complaining about getting our food quickly, but it just seemed rushed, first with the amuse bouche and appetizers at the same time, and then followed by the rest of the courses hitting us so quickly one after the other. It is the sort of meal you want to linger over, but I felt a bit pushed to finish by the way that it was paced.The atmosphere was a combination of nice and not-so-nice. They've done a wonderful job of transitioning the house into a beautifully furnished restaurant. . I didn't love the closeness to the other diners, especially the bachelorette parties in front of and beside us that got rowdier as the night wore on (general screechiness and shot-taking does not make for a romantic evening) The club-like music was out of character for the otherwise upscale and serious setting. It was weird, maybe we'll try again.
5	Incredibly unique place to eat in AZ. The food is unbelievable, the service is great, and the ambiance has to be one of the best in the entire state. Outside seating recommended. There is nothing like it. Great music and vibe as well. In my opinion, this is one of the best places to wine and dine, especially for dates and anniversaries. Dinner menu recommended over lunch.
2	First off, to THB's credit I will say that the place was very busy the night I went (3/14/2014) and the ambiance was amazing. I chose this restaurant solely on the great Yelp reviews, so maybe my particular experience was just an unlucky one. That said...I won't be coming back.The evening started off kind of shaky. Service was very slow to greet, and we felt like we'd been handed off back and forth between waitstaff from the outset of the meal. Waitress was definitely spread thin, and we felt rushed to put in our full order from the get-go. Personally, I like to eat my appetizers before ordering main dishes, but it seemed like this was not an option. So after waiting about 15 mins after getting our drinks, we were finally able to order. The app was great, we had the Baked St. Andre Cheese. AMAZING but we ran out of bread quickly. We ordered more...but it never came...waited for it but the cheese was getting cold, so we just ate the cheese and cancelled our order. Strike ONE.We soon received our main dishes, the filet and the scallop entrees respectively. Scallops were great, 10/10. The steak, which we ordered medium rare, was uncooked...not undercooked, but practically BLUE in the middle. We sent it back immediately and got some cheese puffs, the night's amuse bouche, to hold us over. When we got the steak back after a good amount of time, it still wasn't cooked properly, but we were tired of waiting at this point and just decided to deal with it. STRIKE TWO.Finally, dessert comes and it is a birthday dessert, which was a deconstructed goat cheese cake. I know this is an experimental restaurant, but this was a failed experiment for sure. However, since it was a free dish, and of course everyone's taste is different, I wasn't too upset. What did bother me, though, was when a waitress grabbed our UNFINISHED bottle of wine off the table before we could get a word in, and immediately threw it in the trash. We were definitely planning on finishing it or at least taking the corked bottle home. STRIKE THREE.There was one more thing that bothered me. When I got the check, I saw that we were charged for the cheese puffs sent out by the kitchen when we sent back our undercooked steak. I brought this to the waitress' attention and she quickly removed it, but not before making a remark about how "the first ones are free but additional ones are extra." When I explained that we didn't order them, she rudely interrupted me to remind me that they were indeed removed from the check so it was a non-issue.Perhaps a one-off bad experience, but in this case; when it rains, it pours.
2	Sometimes it is not destined to be a positive experience and this is a case of big disappointment.When you order in advance for a group and sample the menu and what you get is totally different from what you expected, there is something really wrong. Not to mention the small portions and the huge quantities of bread to get you full and the total indifference from the staff - I CAN ONLY SAY THIS THIS PLACE SUCKS AND WE WILL NEVER EAT THERE AGAIN....It is a nice venue, but a HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT.
5	Always amazing!
5	Old fashioned and manhattan were both delicious and boozy.  Sat at the bar. Ambience both inside and outside were fantastic.  Trees around you and lots of hanging lights.  Inside reminded me of back east 1950s; very elegant and classic.  Service was fantastic as well.
3	Let me start with the place.It's a beautiful house with a nice bar, backyard and outside area right in Old Town Scottsdale. Five stars for that. As a curious fact, the restrooms are outside and are small. The food was good but nothing memorable. Everything in the porkbelly dish was tasteful except the porkbelly, that's sad. The noodles and egg were a great mix but the meat lack flavor and it was undercoocked from my point of view.The Dr. Pepper meat with cheese fries was pretty good.I had the filet and it was uneventful.Although I have to say that the goat cheese cake was delicious. I would go back just for that.Coffee was good too.The service... well, the service was pretty bad. We learned about the special of the day because the table next to us was told (while we were already eating). To get refills was a journey. My friend asked for fresh napkins and she ended up helping herself. Oh well, good news is that there's plenty of room for improvement.Cheers
1	I've never heard of this place before and found it on Google Maps. I thought it looked interesting based on previous reviews.AMBIENCE: The interior was quaint and cozy with excellent subdued lighting, mirrors, candles, etc. and the exterior had some great tables, too. However, we were seated at a table right in front of the kitchen pick up window which had an extremely bright light pointed directly into my eyes. I didn't mind having to wait for a table and at that time, a bunch of other tables opened up minutes after we were seated. I would have preferred a smaller table with at least a candle and would have waited a few more minutes for it.SERVICE: Our server was very friendly and sweet. I just thought it was odd that she suggested that we order everything at once because big parties would be arriving soon and she didn't want us to wait too long. Huh? And we weren't always asked if we were finished when plates were cleared so it was laughable that we were asked if we wanted more bread only to have 2 small ovals of pretzel bread brought to the table after our plates were gone. While we did order everything at once, we were asked if we were ready for the next round. Ok, what happened to tell me everything you want now so the kitchen won't be overloaded?FOOD: Our first impression was that we were taken aback by the strange flavor combinations and loose interpretations. The White Bean Gruyere Fondue was more like a shmear with hardly any detectable cheese and yes, it was melted but don't except a pot of melted cheese, which is really what a fondue is vs. what it means. Semantics. The Duck Confit Meatballs were tangy, a little dry, but kind of lost their flavor by being overpowered by the Agridolce. The Dr. Pepper Ham Hock Poutine was definitely NOT a poutine. I guess the Canadian chef wasn't working that night because ours didn't have any cheese curds. Oh, and the potatoes were like Ore-Ida crinkle cut fries. The star was the Foie Gras: perfectly cooked and seasoned. I'm glad we only had appetizers to try out this place as the entrees are really expensive. I got a look at the sea scallops coming out of the kitchen: 3 for $28, methinks not. I can get 2 dozen from Whole Foods for the same price.While not 5-star, I prefer the more rustic and more reasonably-priced French food of Petite Maison, also in Scottsdale.
5	Flexible with reservation and the place was packed.  Good atmosphere and diverse crowd.   Menu is amazing with great options for "small plates"/appetizers.  Main courses were also like looking at multiple different nice restaurants. Incredible range that makes me want to go back tommorrow. Reasonably priced food for the quality that's served.   Attentive staff, including the hostess that had the most drinks in the entire place.
2	Pros=ambiance and service Cons=Kitchen ran out of 3 different things we tried ordering.  Way over priced. Micro portions. Food wasn't really that greatAll in all save your money and try somewhere else. I won't be back
5	I have been to House many times for dinner and drinks and it is outstanding to say the least. My wife and I wanted to have a small reception for our friends and family in a unique outdoor setting. House was the PERFECT place. I have been in the bar/restaurant business for over 15 years and this was the easiest planning I have ever done. Service was A+ and Chef Matt Carters food was OUTSTANDING. This is a perfect place to go for a romantic dinner, business lunch, Sat/Sun brunch, or hold a small reception/shower/reunion on their patio. What a great spot all around. If you haven't tried House you are really missing out.
5	This is our favorite restaurant in town right now!  The food is amazing, atmosphere unique, and the waitstaff is always super attentive, friendly, and knowledgable.  I can say we have experience some delays in getting food out from the kitchen, however the waitstaff has always communicated whatever issues in a timely fashion, and even brought us house-made cinnamon whiskey as a thank you for understanding.  I have had almost every small plate offered and they are all amazing.  Some favorites include the Poutine, Biscuit and Brisket, and the Arizona Ricotta.  We also always get the Popcorn Grits - to DIE for.  The drinks are truly handcrafted concoctions and the wine list is expansive and complete.The setup of the restaurant is really wonderful.  There is plenty of inside seating with the focal point being a vintage mirrored bar that just screams "sit here, order a drink".  There is also patio seating and some very sexy seating around the fire place.  Additionally they have area for private events.The bathrooms are super cute and located in a separate small house on the side of the restaurant.  Quirky and fun.We have also had good luck with finding street parking but they offer a valet for $5.
5	This place was the absolute nuts. Amazing food, several attentive waiters for our table of 15 (which is a big deal because I usually feel like big parties are underserved), well priced wine. Potato appetizer was the highlight followed by the pork dish.  Great place.  Highly recommend it when you want to spend a little something extra for a little something extra.
5	Used to live in Scottsdale for years...back on spring break with friends.  Heard this was special.  It was off the charts with great covered quiet patio seating, excellent wines, amazing small plates.....black kale salad so good we ordered it again before entrees...scallops just right. Filet done to perfection. Definitely leave the kids home....even teens.  One of best dining experiences I have had.
5	Great place. Went there for an important date and we had a lot of fun. The wait staff was a lot more fun and personable than I've experienced at restaurants of this caliber. Everything was just perfect - we will be back.
5	This restaurant was the closest thing to perfect. The staff was so friendly and professional, our waitress was so attentive and fun to talk to. The food was beyond words and you could tell the chef really put a lot of effort and love into making it. I didn't feel like I was eating at just any restaurant, I felt really valued and important.10/10
2	You have to be drinking the cool aid if you like this place.  Don't get me wrong, the atmosphere is charming and the staff is great (two things that are super important in dining).  But if you want a great meal and a fair price, this is not the place for you.  Portions were TINY in comparison to the PRICE.  Food was okay, nothing to write home about.  It's funny, at the end of the night my wife and I said "wow, the best thing we tasted were the french fries."  At any rate, after a $350 bill with tip NOT SUPER IMPRESSED.  I would not go back based on that.  If the food was AMAZEBALLS, then maybe, but it wasn't that.  When I got home I ate a Cliff bar so at least I had something to eat.  Place doesn't work for me, if you want to just blow cash and say you were there then fine.  For a great meal I would (and will be) looking somewhere else.  Again, no disrespect to the staff, which were very attentive.Have fun, and Find Your SizzleAttorney Steve, the Business and Real Estate Lawyer.http://www.attorneysteve.net
5	Amazing food, atmosphere and staff!!! A wonderful experience and I will be back every time I visit the Scottsdale area!
3	Loved the location and ambiance. Can't say the chef and I share the same taste for spices. Lots of Harissa and an un-identifiable spice on everything from the filet, the steak tartare and simple salad dressing that I didn't love. I had the scallops that may have been a tad over-done because they were pretty rubbery. Skipped dessert but had great service and a wonderful night overall.
4	In Scottsdale for business, we wrapped up,our trip at The House.  What a great choice.  We started with foie gras and the cheese apps. My first time with foie gras.  Had to try it, not bad not sure it's for me though.  I had the veal chop.  Other than being slightly overcooked, (asked for med rare, got pretty heavy med). Other than that it was still a pretty darn good veal chop.  Couple others had the scallops which were amazing.  Our other companion had the ribeye, also amazing.  The crab fried rice was fantastic!I will certainly eat here again when back in town.Well done!
3	First of all, the atmosphere of this place is phenomenal. Sitting in the outdoor garden/patio makes you feel removed from all of Arizona and into a rustic countryside inn. I was excited for a great experience as I walked up to my friends who had already been seated. Unfortunately, the food took FOREVER to come out. We finally ate after twiddling our thumbs and repetitive requests about what's going on in the kitchen. Granted, we were a large party but the restaurant was not busy at all on the weekday dinner service. The food was nicely plated but I don't think the taste warranted the wait and price.  Too bad because this would be a perfect date night if the food were actually good. My lamb ragout was passable. I liked the little crostini better than the actual pasta dish.  My friend did say the ribeye was cooked very well and the halibut special got a nod. Manager did come over to apologize and tried to make things right for us which was appreciated.
5	I was here for a baby shower so I can't speak for the regular menu, but can for the staff and the food we did have. What a great, cute set up they did for the party. We were on the back/side patio and they provided fresh squeezed OJ and champagne for mimosas. The staff were very attentive - to the point where they even came around and put a napkin down on the ground for the girls who had bigger purses. For the food, we started with a grilled cheese - but it was fancy! HUGE slices of truffle with gruyere melted in between thick garlicy slices of bread. Then we had a bruschetta that had pistachio pesto and local creamy ricotta cheese. We were also served two salads: one was a very basic salad with a light vinegarette, dates, fresh horseradish and butternut squash. The other was a kale salad with a creamier dressing and some cheeses mixed in (I am particular about how my kale is prepared so I didn't try this even though I should have!). We also had fillet and shrimp skewers which were good but they were really spicy and I am pretty sure it didn't say that on our menu so it was too spicy for some of the girls. To round it all out, we had crepes for dessert with a mint ricotta filling and fresh berries. The was more savory than sweet but it was still yummy.We then had cake and opened presents and it was all around very sweet and well done by the girls who planned it. Judging by the food, you could tell this place was more up scale, but it would be fun to try it on a date night!
2	Lovely little cottage turned into a restaurant, with a cute outdoor patio cooled by aircon/fan.  We just wanted some quick apps and a glass of wine in the afternoon while shopping so we sat at the bar.  Turns out their primi menu (apps) is very limited unless you are there for dinner.  we had a couple cheese selections and the salami plate with wine.  the one soft cheese with truffle oil and leeks was pretty nasty (smoked burratta).  but the other cheese was really tasty (goats milk with plum jam, and we had plenty of bread. the salumi plate was good, not off the charts.  Overall, I felt it was pretty expensive.  Probably better experience to come for dinner when the full menu is available. Seems like it would be lovely and romantic with the lights on the patio.
3	The menu is super exciting. The music sexy.  This would be a 5 star review. The food is effing amazing. I need a moment with my lamb. The service, well.....1. I didn't order wine, please remove my glasses2. Bubbly & a cocktails shouldn't take long. Did you go to France to get my bubbles? Are you growing the trees for the oranges?  Don't tell me that the bar got busy. The table sat after us got their drinks quickly. And they had wine & a cocktail. Hmmmm 3. Don't try to give me bread plate to "prepare me for possible slow kitchen".  Thankfully the excellent food was delivered promptly. Still service is lacking, except for the bus boy. He was prompt.
4	We made a reservation for this place and arrived on time. We were seated at a little table with a nice intimate seating. The service was great. The hostess recommended different options and explained things on the menu, while also answer in our questions. We ordered the chicken, the fillet, a Mac and cheese, and then a brisket and biscuit as the appetizer. The food was very tasteful with its different flavor combinations. We also tried the chocolate butino for dessert. The only reason I give this place 4 stars instead of 5 was because of the lighting. I know the presentation was nice, but I couldn't really see it, and couldn't see very well what I was eating. Overall this restaurant was a nice place to visit, and I would definitely return.
4	A very nice find slightly off the beaten path in old town Scottsdale.  In a town overrun by big name steakhouses or wanna be trendsetters, this is an effective demonstration of vintage cuisine.  Sure, I had the ribeye, but our party of 16 sampled most of what is on the menu.  The foie gras app is excellent (tough to mess that up, I know).  Next time, I promise to order an entree that is more French!
3	Fair...nothing special at this restaurant. Wine by the glass is expensive with a limited selection.
4	Was so cute! A hidden gem :) In an old house lies this restaurant covered by a huge beautiful pine tree. We had the house brisket and biscuit on a food tour last night. Sat outside under the tree. Started with a glass of prosecco. Kind of reminded me of restaurants in Napa, local fresh food. Laid back atmosphere like a summer day on the back porch. 4 stars because we didn't try everything and well...After looking at the menu it is a bit expensive. Definitely will be back for a romantic date night though!! They need a happy hour to be a bit more affordable.
3	Salmon dish was not what I expected. Every appetizer had cheese in it. I love cheese but it woulda been nice to have something without cheese. We tried all of them! Pretty tasty nonetheless. Service was good. I ordered a baked mac and cheese (more cheese) and it never came out. We had a party of 16 so I was still able to taste someone else's who ordered it too. Not my favorite. Great wine! That about sums it up. :)
4	Went to brunch had the apple pancake was very good.  Wife had the scrambled eggs ( 6 yes 6) were fine. There were no meat choices for sides.  Cost $96 including tip for 4 people, NO BOOZE.  I noticed that some of the wine prices on a per bottle basis were as high as $455++, but high end brands.  I saw some by the glass Chardonnay for $19, $66 per bottle.  I want to try it for dinner.
4	Renovated and transformed into a restaurant on par with many fine Manhattan eateries, this second oldest house in Scottsdale joins the ranks of CIBO and Arcadia Farm with its warm, inviting ambiance.You're simply taken-in by its intimate decor.The staff was cheerful, friendly and highly attentive.The food, superb.Mashed potatoes so silky smooth, you'll wonder how this is even possible as you make the quick comparison to the slop you eat each year at your Aunt Mary's Thanksgiving Dinner table.Popcorn Grits. This side will make you lose interest in your entree as you feverishly scour the table for a large serving spoon rivaling the size of your mouth fully outstretched.I ate this dish so quickly, it was like David Copperfield was in the house!Imported from a mill in Tennessee, the grits are reduced into a risotto-like texture along with kernel corn, crushed popcorn, and a cheese you'll probably never find on the grocer's shelf. These grits are so wonderfully delicious, after the first bite you won't care what's on the dessert menu as you fill up on this heavenly creation.Between the mashed potatoes and the grits, I'd eaten more carbs in one sitting than I do in a month.The ribeye is served with marrow butter atop its caramelized, dark brown goodness.Both the flavor and the smell will captivate you as you're quickly reminded why it is you're so fond of a good steak. SImply delightful.The House knows its beef.Visiting The House was a treat I won't soon forget, but sadly, and I think I'm right on this one, the next time I attempt to dine here, they'll have a wait list as long as those fine Manhattan eateries you can never get into.PS:The large pine tree in the rear yard was actually the family's Christmas tree circa 1943. I looked for carvings, but was informed the family consisted of four daughters so it's highly unlikely any of them had ever received an 'Old Timer' pocket knife from dad on their birthday or Christmas.
4	In Scottsdale for business, we wrapped up,our trip at The House.  What a great choice.  We started with foie gras and the cheese apps. My first time with foie gras.  Had to try it, not bad not sure it's for me though.  I had the veal chop.  Other than being slightly overcooked, (asked for med rare, got pretty heavy med). Other than that it was still a pretty darn good veal chop.  Couple others had the scallops which were amazing.  Our other companion had the ribeye, also amazing.  The crab fried rice was fantastic!I will certainly eat here again when back in town.Well done!
5	Amazing atmosphere! They have a great patio in the fall it will be great. Just had a lovely Birthday dinner there. Chef Carter hits another one out of the part. I usually have the Ribeye, but opted for the pork chop. You need a to go box. They have redone the goat cheese cheesecake, birthday boy not a fan of goatcheese wants to go back just for that. And I would be remissed if I didn't mention the Brisket and Biscuit! I will be back for sure!
5	My boyfriend surprised me with a birthday dinner here.  This restaurant made my night so special and memorable.  Not only was the food amazing (SERIOUSLY AMAZING), the staff was beyond attentive, helpful, and funny!  I can't speak highly enough about this place... although I might be a little biased since I had such an amazing night here with my boyfriend.
5	Ambiance/Decor = 5 Stars. Service = 5 Stars. Food = 5 Stars. Doesn't get any better than this. I've now been there for lunch, late night apps/cocktails and most recently brunch! All were wonderful but must say brunch was the best. I can not thinking about the scrambled eggs. Seriously the best scrambled eggs on the planet. Not sure how they do it but they are so fluffy, creamy and over the top scrumptious. Can't wait to go back again!Insider Secret: The massive pine tree in the backyard was the Christmas tree of the first family to live in the house. They planted it after enjoying it for the holidays in 1939.
5	I really enjoyed this place! The menu is great! Very different than any other place I have been. The patio is extraordinary! You have to try the Arizona Arugula Salad.......
5	Beautiful, welcoming ambiance with unique preparation & warm friendly staff!We tried this spot for a girls date- we choose our spots on the criteria they must have cocktails or wine, good veggie options, and be someplace the husbands aren't excited about trying. We arrive around 6pm and there are very few people though some at the small bar.  We are greeted by a dapper gentleman and then a girl asks if we've been helped.  We opt to inside despite a large party arriving soon.  Nice they gave us a heads-up because said party was super loud.We start with a blueberry hill & gimlet cocktail with basil & raspberry.  Both delicious not-over sweet and balanced.  Unique enough to entice but not so unique you avoid it.  The chef sends a delicious cheesy pasty as an amuse bouche which is light salty and delicious.  The food here all looks delicious but we were most excited for the sides and salads- no mains really enticing us as we don't prefer meat usually and the only veg entree is tofu.  There are still so many great things we struggle to decide.The mj bread is a lightly grilled pretzel bread & almond pumpernickel of sorts. We share both the Arizona arugula salad and simple salad which are light & refreshing.  We both prefer the arugula salad due to the delicious vinegarette and plentiful toppings.  We also share the pesto potatoes which was the highlight of the food.  Yummy tender fingerlings with warm Brie & nutty pesto.With dinner, my friend goes for a blueberry hill again and I try the acai tequila "world" drink which is my ultimate tangy margarita I've been searching for.  Delicious & refreshing.For dessert we opt for the chocolate bundito which is a graham cracker cookie served alongside a little jar of chocolate goodness with homemade banana marshmallow.  This dessert has amazing gooey texture that you must feverishly lick your spoon to get every last drop.  We mentioned how we loved the cookies & our sweetheart sever says "well next time well bring extra".  Speaking of service- the people here obviously take pride in their cuisine and love to create a great dining experience.  Our server Emmy was kind & good at listening to capture our requests with ease. Next time we will opt for the beautiful patio as it was a little warm out still.
5	Absolutely awesome!! Best meal I've had in a very very long time! Service was incredible, food was ridiculous, even the regular customers were excited to help w reccomendations. Fantastic date night or solo, will be back very soon!!!
5	Went here for the first time last night and it was awesome :) we were seated outside which is so cute and quaint. Cannot wait to come back when the weather starts to cool down. My husband ordered the filet which he loved! I wasn't as hungry so I ordered the Mac and cheese and it was really good as well. The drinks were really good also..I got the gimlet and it was delicious. This restaurant has such a great feel and the staff was so friendly. Great overall experience and perfect date night :)
5	Amazing service and food. Definetly worth trying if you live or pass by Scotsdalle . We were a party of. 6 and tried many different dishes. The ones that stood out wereJidori chickenCarbonara broccoli Smoked burrata Crab fried riceHome made cocktails were delicious too.!Big thanks to Tommy out waiter who was amazing and so sweet. !
5	Amazing food...try the goat cheese appetizer, brisket biscuits, and cheesecake for dessert :) The pimm mule cocktail and coffee martini--both were excellent!
4	Very good food and service. Loved this place. You will definitely pay for it though. Very expensive.
5	We ended up at The House Brasserie for my husband's 50th birthday, coming all the way from Seattle to celebrate by staying at The Biltmore and eating at Cafe Monarch... it's a long story, but Cafe Monarch was not at all accommodating even after  making reservations 6 weeks prior, so luckily their chef, Christian, sent us over to House Brasserie. What a gift! House Brasserie has a beautiful setting, top notch service and wonderfully creative and delicious food. Our bill was quite large, but definitely worth it. The wine was special and our particular menu favorites were the ribeye and the fois gras. We had top executives from Microsoft and Expedia and we all agree- we will be back! Thank you to Chef Matt for a very special, memorable evening.
4	We enjoyed our dinner.  It was exceptional.  Remember you are paying for exquisite dining, not big portions.  (if that is your intent go to Claim Jumper :( )I've seen several comments on the service.  I would like to note something extraordinary happened.  We were introduced to our server who was going to be right back when another one of her tables broke a glass of wine and she had to attend to them.  Within a matter of minutes another server took over for her and we were not left waiting while the first waitress assisted the other patrons with resetting their table.  Personally I see a lot of merit and selflessness in this which is indicative of an establishment that focuses on the needs of the customer.  So whatever other negative comments there may be on service I'd like to counter that ours was a positive experience.  Thank you Ashley, you were a great server.The dining experience and quality were as expected for a high end establishment so we were not let down and very satisfied.  We had the scallops, fillet, mac & cheese, Dungeness crab fried rice and (for fun) the crinkle cut fries.  Everything was great but the crab fried rice was mildly spicier than expected and we wished there was more of a crab taste and an indication of crab pieces.The ambiance was wonderful both inside and outside.The bar - THIS is what a bar should look like.  I want to go back just to sit and have a drink at the bar it was so classy.Also, they are experimenting with fixed courses and wine pairing which are limited to a few number of people each night.  The table we saw that opted for this dinner looked like they were having lots of fun and the manager and chef came out and engaged with the table often.  I suggest you splurge for this at the extra cost and enjoy it yourself. We will be back.
5	Same owners as The Mission, same brilliantly executed overall customer experience.You have a good chance of meeting the GM or owner while here. Waitresses are super attentive and wear fun, matching dresses. You'll notice every dish is planned to nail more than one flavor experience. Something rich accompanied by something that cuts through it, which I TOTALLY appreciate: house braised brisket w/ white cheddar, then chili jam to cut thru... rich pork belly/ udon noodles, then housemade kimchi to cut thru... etc.Typically don't like French food, but I imagine this is the best place for it. Super inventive, cutting-edge menu. Loved the duck bahn mi with housemade kimchi. Black kale salad with pepitas (same pepitas I noticed from The Mission's OUTSTANDING tableside guac) and peppercorn dressing was perfect for brunch.
5	I recently hosted a baby shower here for my sister. The service was phenomenal. Brian, the GM was very accommodating. He put together a fabulous menu and saw to it that we had everything we needed. I love the ambiance at The House; the food and service put it over the top. Worth every penny.
5	This the most romantic place for foodies in Scottsdale. The service is five stars; the folks who work there love this place. Our server, Tommy McMahon, was amazing. Every recommendation was perfect. The goat cheese is the best I've ever had and the jam and bread really brings out the flavor.  Don't miss the smoked burrata; it is truly an interesting and delicious twist. Black kale salad is phenomenal. My husband had the rib eye and was in love. It came with a roasted garlic spread we could not get enough of. Each dish is thoughtful and done with creativity and care. If you love food this is a place you should not miss, it has everything, the ambience, service and culinary excitement!
5	Loved this place - from the excellent service by our waitress, Ashley, to the great food - an all-around great experience.  Ashley was knowledgeable about the wine and menu items and gave us samples so we could decide between two we were considering.  We will be back.
5	Really cute little restaurant tucked away in downtown Scottsdale. Somewhat expensive but great unique dishes, beautiful outdoor seating and wonderful service. Nice wine list too.
5	A short distance from where we stayed (Hotel Valley Ho), this became our favorite place of choice for drinks.Maybe one of the best Bar Tenders ever - Billy make crazy craft cocktails and knows his wine. The entire staff is trained well, friendly and nice.One MUST try - FOIE GRAS. Since we cannot eat this in Cali, we had it every day with the chef making different variations. YUMMI.I could write a long long review, but just go there and you will happy like we were.
5	A perfect experience!...I helped organize a corporate dinner at The House Brasserie last night, and our entire experience could not have been any better! Every attendee--many who were from outside the US--had extremely positive remarks about the evening's experience. In other words: SUCCESS! The ambiance was beautiful, the food was extraordinary, and the service likewise outstanding.Our group of 40+ was seated in the large, brick-paved patio area out front. The tables were arranged with thoughtful intentionality so as to make our group as comfortable as possible in the beautiful space. The lights, house music, table decor, and gorgeous weather all added to the delightful environment. When our group arrived we were greeted by servers ready with fresh drinks, hot appetizers, and smiling faces. And as the next three courses were delivered one-after-the-other with precision timing throughout the evening (props to the kitchen staff!), our taste buds danced with each exquisite plate as we anxiously awaited the next round of mouth-watering goodness. And as awesome as the ambiance and food were, the overall service completely tied it all together. The management staff were present, hands-on, and willing to bend over backward to ensure everything was perfect for us. The servers were warm and authentically friendly all night long. The bussers were helpful, timely, and unobtrusive. You could tell that the team had been well trained due to the high standard of professionalism from everyone there.  From an event planner's perspective, I can't wait for the next time I will have the privilege to work with the team at The House again. While we were originally planning to hold our event at a different nearby restaurant, I'm so happy we changed our plans to spend the evening at The House. Sonia, Brian, Jimmy, Chef Matt, Sarah, and ALL of the staff were amazing to work with. They were personable and professional. They said YES more than no. They sought to accommodate us in every feasible way. And those things matter to me as a customer. From the first site visit I did with Sonia months before our event, it was clear that she and the team are top-notch professionals who endeavor to deliver the best possible experience for their patrons. Two thumbs, three cheers, and five stars for The House Brasserie!
4	The food was excellent, as was the server but the service itself was slow.  A great place for a date or a small group when you are in no rush or when wrapping up wine tasting at Lawrence Dunham Vineyard around the corner.  I would recommend the scallops, the fillet and the fried rice.
5	I came here for a nice date night with my man. This place definitely lived up to the Yelp expectations. I am truly happy Yelp tool me to this gem. Now onto reviewing.The concept of the restaurant is what kind of food you would get if you went to the Chef's house. This restaurant is 1 of 3 sister restaurants in the Valley. (The Mission and Zinc Bistro are the other two if that gives a good baseline for expectations)The ambiance is very homey and classic. The inside has baroque wallpaper and chandwliera, and there ia an amazing patio, bigger than the inside dining area. This restaurant keeps the classic feel aince it is the second oldest house in the old town area. Now onto food.... I got the Lamb. It is a pasta with shredded lamb and a juicey sauce and spinach.  It was great mught have ruined all other pasta for me.My bf got the rib eye. Medium rare and cooked to perfection. The whipped garlic was amazing and the best of the three sauces that it came with. On the side it brings some whipped pommes (fancy mashed potatoes for us common folk) they were great but if you are sharing.. I definitely recommend taking the pasta juice and adding it to the potatoes. Yum.For dessert we got the Chocolate boudino which is a modern take on a smore. The cookies werent spectacular but the chocolate it self with nuts was great. Drinks get the express yourself. It has a nice kaluha kick. All in all.. thoroughly impressed. And had a great night.
1	The service was awful but the food was worst.  A number of dishes from the chef's tasting menu, which is $75 per person, were over-seasoned and unimpressive.  The potatoes and carrots in the turkey pot pie were undercooked in addition the turkey stew had way too much pepper which blew away my palate.  The following course was a white fish that was so salty that it was inedible.  Save your time, money, and palate by going to either the Citizen Public House or Tommy V's Urban Kitchen in downtown Scottsdale for a better meal.
5	Was in the area and saw the great reviews so i had to check it out. Let me just say....awesome place.The staff was friendly and helpful, the food was delicious, and the decor and feel of the resturant was fantastic. I was a bit nervous that it would be to classy for my casually dressed family, but they had no problem and treated us like royalty.Highly recommend.  Im excited to try put there sister establishments soon. Keep doing what your doing!
5	I have to say perfect We eat here the foie gras, have to say one of the best that I ever eat, and I use to eat it a lot all over the world Recommend AAAAAAAA++++++
3	Ambiance is great! Group of 9, some came early for a cocktail at the bar. Cheerful and attentive service there. When all arrived we were seated at a long table near the back. This is when things went south. Service was disorganized. Friend waited 30 minutes for a glass of wine while another was served 2 drinks in that time. Wine list is limited, overweighted with Chardonnay, and they didn't have wines that were on their list. Food was overall good. I agree with another reviewer to stick to the simpler items. My faves were the Mac and cheese, brisket and biscuit, fingerling potatoes.. and I'm a protein lover. Seared tuna was lost in the busy dish. Smoked burratta was bland. Brussel sprout Caesar salad was good. Blue berry hill cocktail was very good. Sounds weird but try it. Overall food quality was very good as expected, but table service was surprisingly disappointing and the main reason for the 3 stars.
5	Just give it a try. Anything I say will not do it justice. A perfect special occasion go to. This place will be on top for a very long time.
4	Go here for the ambiance. Seriously. If you are looking for a date night, this is it. The food is great, the staff are very knowledgeable, and me and my dining partner felt satisfied by the food and beverage, along with the staff.
4	I am a native Scottsdale, AZ and will keep to the directness of how we are known to be :)
5	Scrambled eggs are fabulous!  Yes, scrambled eggs and no, you can't make these at home!! Topped with a very tasty Bloody Mary (homemade hot sauce) ,this brunch is amazing!!! Wait staff is knowledgable and very kind.
5	Was blown away by everything. The food was was incredible, service was excellent, the decor was very plush, and the atmosphere was energetic. Highly recommend for a date spot. Can not go wrong. Everything on the menu I and my girlfriend tried was really, really good. We eat out a lot where ever my job travels me too and this is a have to if you are in the Phoenix Area.
