5	Great little taco shop!This place is right down the road from my in-laws, and the last time my wife was back in Vegas they got take out from here.  My wife has been raving about the tacos ever since, and we've been trying all sorts of places around Dallas to find as good of tacos, even at the new ultra-trendy and spendy Taco Diner with no luck.This trip out I was able to try them myself, and they are darn good.  We actually ate here twice during out week long trip.  I tried their beef tacos, the chicken soft taco, and the chimichanga.  All were great, expecially the chimi.So, better food than the trendy spots, and much cheaper.
5	love this place as well.  fiance said this is the one of the best veggie burritos she's ever had (and she loves her some veggie burritos)  the owner is really nice and the food is great.  i go for the meatier options like carne asada burrito.  delicious.
5	This is by far the best taco shop I have ever been to in Henderson!  The food is GREAT!  I have tried just about everything here and have never been disappointed.  The staff is very friendly and fast!  The owner treats you as if you part of his family.
5	I am going to agree 100% with the other reviewers here.This is the BEST taco shop in all of the Vegas valley!!!Crispy beef tacos just like the taco bar in Santa Cruz-deep fried crunchy and wonderful shredded beef.Give it a try-it will take your breath away.
2	I had the chicken tacos. They were really bland. So were the beans. For 2 soft tacos with rice and beans and a drink, cost me $11. I would have rather gone to Chipotle.
5	Ate here tonight for the first time and I have to say I was not disappointed. Yum! Their crispy tacos are fantastic! Enchiladas have a very unique but good flavor. This place will probably be one of my weekly stops. Very cheap, too!
2	Did I miss something. Every time (4x's) I have been to this place it has been morguelike and the food  is barely average. What is it you are all eating?
5	Awesome food!   Luis, the owner is just as awesome!  He treats everyone like family!  The Chicken Nachos are HUGE!!
4	Great little taco shop.  Probably one of the better ones on this side of town.   While it does cost a little more than some of the other, I'd say that the quality/freshness of the food makes it justified.
5	Best tacos ever!
2	I live close to this restaurant, and I wish it was decent. It is not good. We have tried it three different times in the last three years and each time we say we will never go back. Food bland and greasy. The guacamole tasted fermented and made my wife sick.  The staff is not friendly - surprised they are still open.Unless they have changed ownership and the menu very recently - definitely skip this one!
1	This was first (and last) time eating here  My husband stopped in tonight to pick up some food and brought it home. I ordered the 3 rolled tacos with cheese and guacamole and he ordered the machaca burrito and a side of chips, cheese, and guacamole. the guacamole was WAY too salty. It was like eating straight salt. Since the chips and cheese were covered in the guacamole we had to throw it away. I had to scrape the guacamole off of my rolled tacos. When my husband unwrapped his machaca burrito the tortilla was practically dripping with grease. He took of the tortilla and put the contents on a plate. There was hardly any beef and it was so greasy. He took two bites and threw it away.  Maybe it was so bad since he stopped in right before they closed, but we will never step foot in there again. Horrible.
5	Very nice and CLEAN! The food was delicious, real mexican flavors, (most of the Mexican restaurants have a very strong flavor, not pleasant).  The staff was nice and friendly, I agree that they overcharge on some items comparing to other taco shops, but the food is better, the place is clean, and they offer a nice atmosphere.
4	Love this taco shop, this is my second visit here, and we were not dissapointed. The owner is friendly and remebered us from our visit almost a year ago.I ordered the taco al pastor, a highly flavorful steak that has been marinated and chopped up into a soft taco.My husband ordered the chicken asdo burrito, it was fresh, tasty and awesomeFree fixings bar, excellent tortillas, clean and nicely decorated for what it is, a taqueria.
5	Another little gem quietly tuck away from the far reaches of stereotypical Vegas Hotel and Casinos.Everyone else's review has been spot on despite the occasional bad review here and there. The establishment is VERY clean and the decor tries very hard in attempting to take you away to a far away beach where everything is chill and the food is very down to earth. You know what? They succeed. The mural on the right wall is just absolutely gorgeous and reminded me of Nha Trang Vietnam during sunset.Food is amazing. Has a home cooked taste to it. Beef chunks could be a little bigger and meatier but was very flavorful with occasional bits of fat here and there.Sauces arent all that spicy but have a very rich taste.Some of the best Horchita i've ever had, owner confessed it's actually distributed by Pepsi because the real stuff isnt shelf life stable for too long and is grainy in texture.Good eats. Will return here if i find myself in the area
4	Recently my wife and I stopped for the Chicken Taco Plate ($6.00). In the words of my wife, "mighty tasty taco". I agree. Highly recommend, good food, reasonable prices, everything made to order.
5	Just love, love love it here.  I love the cute beachy decor and the place is always clean.  The menu has a great selection.  I just love the California Burrito - it is yummy.  We get it without onions.  My daughter loves the Cheese Quesadilla.  We always get a side of fries.  They are now selling Hamburgers too - not sure why they added it but if you are trying to please everyone in a group for me it is a great thing to add to the menu.  I love that you can call your order in and it is ready for pick-up.  For a great mexican food - check this out.
1	Being in a good area of Henderson and having the name it does - I had high hopes for this place. I was craving a cheese enchilada plate for days. I went here for my fix.First of all...8 dollars and change for cheese and tortillas and a scoop of canned beans....RIDICULOUS!Second - When I asked for sour cream on my refried beans - she charged me....I think 90 cents? Wow. Sidenote - When the girl took my money - there didnt appear to be a cook in the back - and she, herself went back into the "kitchen" (which looked more like a pizza assembly line with old toppings)...she threw all the ingerdients together in about one minute)Third - When I received my food, I was SO excited to enjoy it that when I got home and saw pretty much just a styrofoam box with brown bean goop in it....I was frightened of even eating it.They put refried beans ONTO my two cheese enchiladas. The cheese inside the tortillas wasnt melted....the tortillas themselves were tasteless and soggy. The beans were bland and COMPLETELY tasteless.  AND to boot - there was no sauce (red sauce - traditional and AMAZING when done right) and I literally could not imagine someone making a WORSE plate of "enchiladas" if they TRIED! I wanted a refund so badly but since I was home watching a movie after a long day it wasnt even worth stepping foot in there again. I dont know about any of the other menu items at this place - but the cheese enchiladas are absolutely DISGUSTING. Most disappointing mexican food I have ever had.Alibertos or Faustos for me, next time.
4	When it comes to Mexican food, this place is pretty solid and one of my go to places for lunch when I am at work. The food is great and prices are fair. My personal favorites include the chicken nachos and the Quesdilla's which don't seem to be on the menu for some reason. Or maybe I am just to blind to see it.**TIP** Call your order in ahead as everything is made to order as it should be. Be prepared to wait a bit if you order at the counter but it's never painfully long.My only gripe about this place is they charge a $0.35 charge or so if you use a credit/debit card.
5	This place is my favorite local mexican joint.  They have great food and great service to go with it.  Their carne asada is a must.  Best i have had north of the border.
4	I love Mexican food and Rosarita's Beach really hits the spot.  I've been here a couple times for lunch because it's pretty close to where I work.  I've only really tried one dish because I'm pretty boring and stick to what works.  On every occasion I've ordered the steak taco meal with rice and beans.  Comes with 2 steak tacos.  Keep in mind the amount of food you get isn't your normal extra large plate from a normal Mexican joint.  You do get a little less but, the quality of the food is perfect.  You can tell the steak is right off the grill and it hasn't been sitting around and re-heated.  I hate that!  They also have a salsa bar with 3 types of hot salsa and the carrots/pepper mix....awesome!  The owner is the guy that rings you up.   He is a really nice guy and seems to act like he knows you.  The place itself is clean and has a beach feel.  Rosarita's had a bunch of personal pictures of the owner and his family at the beach.  It is a "mom and pop" business at its best.  Keep in mind that this is a family owned business and in order to keep his lights on the prices may be a dollar more than what you may usual pay at Roberto's or your local Mexican joint.  But, that extra service with a smile and the quality of the food with that extra "love" is totally worth it.  If calories weren't an issue I could come here every day!
4	Best chicken nachos ever.  The price is $7-something but I think it is worth every penny!I am addicted to their nachos and I would keep going back just for their nachos.I tasted their chicken nachos but the price for one small taco is almost $3 and I do not think its worth it at all.  The chicken is tasty but I would rather go to taco bell or del taco to satisfy my craving for tacos. The cashier & I think he is the cook isnt too friendly but the owner of the place is really nice!
2	My thing is Rolled tacos, but this place won't saisfy anybody's craving for that food item. THey were undercooked and limp in the middle and never contained any of the promised cheese. They were quite skimpy on the Guac too esopecially considering their $4 pricetag. Horchata was also the wrong color - suppose to be white, but it was brown here. Beware. Owner is freaky nice, but he kept saying, "nice to see you" but I was never ever there before. A little strange. Longshot any of the other stuff is good, so its onto the next one.
5	My favorite taqueria in Las Vegas. I have not had anything there that I did not love. The carne asada, the chicken burritos, the pickles, the fresh made chips. the service, all were fantastic. I can not wait to go back.Once again, my favorite taqueria in Las Vegas by far.
4	The enchiladas are amazing!
4	I don't come to Rosarita's Beach JUST for the food. The food is good, but there is a secret here that people don't know...What's the secret? It is all about the service here. The owner is the star at RB. He is a Spanish gentleman who makes you feel like he has been waiting all day for you to arrive. He is warm and so gracious. He has personal pictures on the walls and you can't help but see the place as a piece of his heart. I've never heard him treat anyone with less than his best. There is a graciousness to him that you don't find in the restaurant industry anymore.  Well, at least there's not enough of it in Vegas. He is genuine and so very welcoming. Man I feel good when I leave. We stumbled on this place a few years back. We come by every so often and we are never disappointed. The food is solid. The selection is what you would expect: carne asada, enchiladas, menudo, tacos, nachos, etc. I ALWAYS order the carne asade plate, nachos, or the pozole. And they are all well seasoned and tasty. The meat in the carne asada has changed a bit, but it is still yummy. They have a small salsa bar with limes.  THERE ARE DEALS: They offer a soda with the combo plates for only $.065.As others have said the place is clean and the decor is simple. It's not dive at all. It's a small spot tucked away in a generally sterile Henderson strip mall.  The food is good, but the service is excellent.  I've paid far more for much less. I like being treated like a valued guest. Stop by if you do too.
4	I find Rosarita's Beach slightly better than Fausto's and Robertos in quality and in service. I enjoy their carne asada burrito and chicken enchiladas. The carne asada is not nearly as dry as some of the other places I mentioned. The prices are comparable to both Faustos and Roberto's. This restaurant is much more specious than Fausto's and some thought was put into the decor to create more of a beachy feel. Inside of the restaurant is clean, and they have the salsa bar here as well. They have $4.99 breakfast specials which include a coffee. I believe they open at 8 am by which time I am already at work and unable to take advantage. I do believe Rosarita's uses higher quality ingredients than Fausto's and Roberto's.
4	Just had the Posole soup and it was delicious. Food is always good and the owner is always there to greet you.
1	Came to Rosarita's for the wonderful reviews but was deeply disappointed.  Ordered a carne asada chimichanga and my boyfriend ordered the bean and cheese burrito- simple right?  The food was so terrible.  My boyfriend's bean and cheese burrito tasted like it had old beans and my chimichanga had more flour tortillas then actual filling.  The meat was old and had fat if I even had any.  How can you really screw up a burrito and chimichanga?  I am only giving this place a 1 star because the rice was decent.
4	Their breakfast burritos are a pretty good size and it's pretty hearty and very filling with eggs, potatoes, pico and your choice of either ham or bacon. I agree with what Dana S. said in her review that this place is slightly better than the other two restaurants she mention Faustos and Robertos. The breakfast burrito we had was better executed as far as the way the eggs and bacon are chopped and mixed, better seasoned, and pico is even different ...everything just tasted better.  There are other breakfast items as well. One pricepoint $4.99. Looked like all items came with coffee (which I passed up on since I gave that up couple years ago) The employee who took and cooked my order was friendly and my order was cooked to order.   The place wasn't really busy so my food was done and I was out the door total of less than ten minutes. Stars for having a better tasting burrito, good location, good deal and quick service!  Got a quick look at the rest of the menu and look forward to trying more dishes!
5	I have always loved this place and just got around to reviewing it. The service is always warm and the food is soooo good. Just really good, AUTHENTIC Mexican food. The owner is Argentinian and is very welcoming. My faves are the beef tamales and cheese enchiladas with a home cooked sauce that will spoil you off other Mex places. If you like hot, try the pickled carrots and peppers. The prices are very reasonable...for 2 combo plates and 2 drinks total bill was under $15 and the best part is you leave with a full tummy knowing you ate food that your Mexican sister-law's family would have made you. Ok that's just me :)
5	Great and fresh Mexican food. Stop in here on your way to or back from Hoover and you won't be disappointed. The food is cheap, a great vacation from the high prices of the strip. Don't miss this diamond in the rough.
2	If you advertise a breakfast menu and also advertise you open at 8 am...since most employed people get their breakfast between 7am and 9 am, I guess that makes sense...I see no reason why you'd have your doors locked at 8:33am and waste my time and gas.
3	The portions were large, the food was decent. Service was good, but slow.
4	Great taco shop - my husband's favorite!We've been here a few times and on our second visit, the gentleman who I assume is the owner, says to me, "I'm so glad to see you again Senorita!"  He is always so warm and welcoming it's like going to a friend's house for lunch.  I know that's cheesy but sometimes a good meal is more about how you feel while you're eating it than the actual food itself.  However, the food IS good! The menu is basically Roberto's and/or Fausto's but I think the food is cooked much better and tastes much fresher than the others.  My husband especially loves the rice and the tamales.  I love the rolled tacos and the chips and salsa (which is a pico de gallo loaded with cilantro, my FAVE).  We hit Rosarita's every couple of weeks and I really want to try their breakfast burritos as I hear they are delish!
4	An awesome independent family own taco place! I went there on my way to Hoover dam and ate like a hungry bear.I had chicken, fish and beef tacos, not much of fish cos it was fried instead of sauteed, chicken and beef are very flavorful! I love the green tomato and roasted veg sauces by the condiment counter.It's got family style atmosphere, large enough to accomodate groups, the lady work behind the counter was very friendly and the place was really clean!
5	Absolutely love this place!! It's super close to home, the food is freaking amazing (and incredibly affordable too), and the employees are extremely nice! The chicken tacos are by far where it's at! Will definitely continue to go there for my Mexican Food cravings!!
1	bad:( cook dropped his tongs on the floor while we were ordering and then picked them back up and put them in the food.  bad news:(
4	Love, love, LOVE the carne asada!! I always order carne asada nachos, be sure to ask for sour cream on it, if not they give it to you on the side for to go orders. I love the woman who cooks here, she is so hard working & always right on everything!! A must stop!!
5	Loved it...the food was good n people r nice...I definitely will be coming back
3	This is a review based on a breakfast burrito, not any of the tacos.  The burrito is very large, a great deal for $4.99.  We had bacon, but you can also get ham.  The bacon was thicker than you typically get in a breakfast burrito, which was nice.  The eggs were overdone, they got very dry.  This was exacerbated by the lack of salsa.  There was a little pico, but next time I'll definitely ask for more.  Overall, the burrito was very dry.  The verde sauce was good and had no heat.  It adds flavor, but if you are looking for some spice get another salsa.We'll definitely return for lunch/dinner, I've heard good things.
2	I have read reviews about this place and I don't know what people are talking about, the food wasn't that good. My fish tacos had soggy wet lettuce on a dried up chunk of a fish stick and the beans were thin and watery and loaded with pepper.  The rice and the salsa were good thus 2 stars.
3	Ok if you need a toco fix.
4	Great FRESH authentic Mexican food. Everything is made fresh to order (except the Menudo, which is made every day, and has hominy) so it takes some time, but is so worth it. They could use a "cashier / front of the house" person to greet, ring orders & help out; the cook does it all! Filling every job is a LOT to handle. The food is DELICIOUS.
2	The food is pretty good, if you actually get what you ordered. I only get take out and as much as I try to check something is usually wrong when I get home. Ordered chips and salsa and only got chips covered in cilantro? I don't get it. The guacamole was a neon green and I decided to steer clear of that. Horchata is watery. I prefer Roberto's and will drive the extra distance next time.
1	The food was not good...the cheese was like a solid piece like it wouldn't melt....gave this place several chances...i have been in this place many times...one night I was ordering pizza I asked the lady at pizza place if I could use the bathroom for my 3 year old granddaughter she said just walk down to Mexican restaurant. ..I walk down take my granddaughter to bathroom when we walked out she said the bathroom was for clients...I said I am a client been here many times....but as if from her being rude the food is not good....can't go back...the place is always dead....
5	This place is why family owned businesses should rule all. Nice seating, salsa bar, cheap breakfast before 10:30 including coffee.  Very friendly and quick or at least a reasonable wait time since it is cooked to order. Fresh and delicious, nothing that's been waiting under a heat lamp. No One here eats guacamole so I can't review that, but everything we tried we liked a lot. And I am not that big on Mexican , I like it but it falls down to the bottom of my favorties list - so that is saying a lot. Huge Burritos, cheap eats and you will be full. The one steak burrito we got had more meat in it than a large Capriotti's sub.  And if you are entertaining and end up ordering a lot they have the common sense to mark the sandwiches and let you know what is in what packet. That was great when handing things out instead of having a bag full of items you had to open to figure out what was what... This is the go to place for Mexican in the area. It is clean and friendly and easy to park. Trying the soup next.
5	The best chimichanga I've had in a long, long time. The tortilla wrap  was light and fluffy and the chicken was flavorably seasoned.  Right amount of beans and cheese inside with the chicken. The beef taco was great too!
5	Stopped in here after a week long trip in Vegas, and on out way to Hoover Dam before going home and man what a sweet little find.  I got the fish tacos and I'm impressed!!!   I can't tell you how good these were.   The salsa bar is homemade and the medium one is the best!!!  The guy at the counter was magnificent,  friendly and kind (a nice change for once)    Thanks Taco Stand!!!
3	An OK meal from a place that I'll probably never return to.
5	Our favorite taqueria close by Boulder City. We won't eat at Roberto's in BC since seeing meat sitting out on a counter in a plastic bin in a dirty restaurant. Really good burritos, tacos and shrimp dishes.  The owner is hands on, super friendly and keeps the place immaculate. His cook is a familiar face who's been there a long time and she knows how to produce delicious fast food which is made to order. Top quality angus beef for meat eaters and tasty salsas! You should give it a try, ambience is laid back, spacious and you can call ahead if you're in a hurry.
5	I really like this place. Clean and friendly service.  No small tacos here! They use full size tortillas. I had chicken tacos and they were really good. The meat was juicy and nicely seasoned. They keep it simple too, onions, tomatoes and cilantro. They also have a salsa bar. Their roasted veggie salsa is rad. I'd definitely come back.
5	This place is a hidden gem lol, everything about this place is fantastic! bean and cheese, fajitas, rolled tacos to even menudo and that's a tricky one. All the items taste so fresh and flavorful. The guacamole is homemade and is on point, I love places where you can taste the passion in the food, this place is a gotta try for anyone that hasn't. :)
5	Luis is nice (owner), food is always fresh. I've had theb carne asada fries, Chicken chimichanga, Chili rellenos all good!
