5	In the heart of Old Town Scottsdale, Los Olivos delivers Mexican food with an old style flair.  The decor is festive and the some of the waitstaff appear to have been working there forever.  First of all, they serve two distinct salsas.  I am not a fan of the enchilada type hot sauce, which is an Arizona thing, but the other salsa is fresh and full of onions, tomato and cilantro.  It tastes as though it is made right before it is brought to the table...so fresh.  We had to ask for a bowl for the salsa, which is apparently not normal at Los Olivos, but we were making a mess trying to use our little plates for the chips and salsa. I ordered a combo plate and my husband ordered the enchiladas.  The flavor was delicious and much like Tex-Mex, which is my favorite.  The margaritas were also great.  The prices are reasonable and truly, this is the best Mexican food I have found in Arizona.  They offer fajita meat dishes, which is a rarity.  Los Olivos was packed at 6:30pm when we grabbed dinner and we quickly learned why.  It has been around for decades and has earned a reputation for great Mexican food.
5	Agree with Meridith H.......just like to add they have unbelievable margaritas too!
5	One of the best Mexican restaurants in the Valley. Simple, authentic dishes prepared with ultra-fresh ingredients. The salsas are wonderful. Another plus is the band in the dining room. Don't let the exterior put you off.  Plan for some time either before or after your meal to take in the local atmosphere of Old Town Scottsdale, all within walking distance.
4	This is a great place for a big group of friends.  The food is good, the vibe is super comfortable and since it's already going to be loud and crowded, your group won't stand out much.  I've been here for large group birthdays, and small group hanging out before a night on the town.  Food has always been brought out quite quickly, and with a big group if you give them the ok they'll bring food out as it's ready vs. trying to wait for the entire table's order to be ready. Not only is the food good, it gives you that comfort food kind of feeling.  Yummy cheesy goodness.
4	Although it is not my favorite Mexican restaurant in the valley, Los Olivos is definitely my first choice for Mexican food in Old Town Scottsdale. The building itself has unique architecture (although it would be nice if they didn't need a sign that asks people not to climb on it) and according to the menu, a great deal of history. The location is also great, being in close proximity to Old Town Shopping and the Scottsdale Civic Center Mall. Further, the first time I went to Los Olivos, there was a mariachi band playing in the dining room.What I am forgetting in this review... oh yes... food!The meal starts with two varieties of salsa and a basket of warm tortilla chips. I was pleased to find that the hot salsa was actually hot. I've tried the enchiladas and the burro (which is definitely not a burrito) and while both were tasty, I didn't find either to be anything special. One thing that did stand out to me was the Mexican style rice served with both dishes. I can't think of any better way to describe it than to say they got it "right". I could go on about the number of franchised Mexican and southwestern restaurants I've been to that screw up this basic side.The prices and portions are reasonable, although with a group of five, all wanting to pay with plastic, it was frustrating that they weren't willing to split the check (and there was a sign posted stating this).
2	It's really surprising that in this Southwestern town the best reviewed Mexican restaurant on yelp was so entirely a non-event. The enchiladas came smothered in cheese (good!) but the red sauce they were gooped in was so oily I couldn't stomach even one out of two. And the oiliness didn't stop there. Even the "authentic" Spanish rice was practically deep fried in oil. Though it's true you can actually taste the tomatoes in the rice which is the truly authentic way to make this dish, the amount of oil in it made it slip right off my fork each time. Oh, and the salsas that everyone else seemed to like came in two varieties, 1. sweet and chunky but completely devoid of cilantro or onions and 2. pureed with a hint of spice, still no cilantro and not worthy of being called "hot" like the waiter did when he set it down on the table. It's too bad this place didn't live up to the reviews because the building and atmosphere were definitely unique and sets you up to have a good time. One positive I can say is that their blue agave margaritas went down smooth and tasty!
5	Yeah, it's in Scottsdale.  Yeah the menu is inconsistent.  I don't give a rat's ass. This place is the BOMB dot com.  Their shredded beef chimichanga is the best hangover cure ever.  (Props to my bro for pointing it out) and their Chile Relleno is awesome.  The atmosphere is cool and weird, it's right next to SMoCA and it's still family owned and operated.Also, step off the salsa.  The salsa fresca in the little caraffe.. you know the one with piles of fresh tomatoes and cilantro and onions and peppers?  It rocks my world.  It's not the only salsa that makes my tongue do the Snoopy dance, but it's certainly one of them.The service isn't always fabulous but it's never been bad.  I admit the first time I went here I wasn't overly impressed.  It turns out I ordered badly.  The trick to enjoying this place is to get one of the dishes they do well.  For me that's the shredded beef chimi, the chille relleno and cheese enchiladas in that order.
4	There was a time in Scottsdale when its citizens roamed free, able to go out without being hunted by cougars, or come face to face with D-bags and 30K Millionaires. It was a peaceful place, where the majority of people engaged in simple crafts like weaving cotton and forging horseshoes. And it was into this community that the prescient Corrall family came, making there way north from the Mexican state of Sonora in 1919. They built an adobe structure on the outskirts of town under olive trees which was used for many purposes. Obviously aware that Scottsdale would burgeon into a world-class resort town, the family decided to open a restaurant to serve traditional Mexican cuisine and capitalize on the growing popularity of things like Cheech Marin and ponchos.Today, however, someone walking into the "Patio" will likely say to himself or herself: "This is probably going to be like eating at Acapulco". And unfortunately nothing could be farther from the truth. Los Olivos is described as an "institution" but you'd never guess by that reputation how low the ceilings are. As the Corralls expanded the property so too did it enhance the labyrinthine characteristic of the restaurant. Yet this growth is positive: I've never had to wait for a table. While I've been seated in various rooms, there isn't one that I like best. Despite reminding me a little of the Mos Eisely Cantina, it manages to stay cool and dim during the summer giving it a special allure when I first ate there. The service is probably the most unusual you will find in Scottsdale. You will find no pushiness here, you will also find lots of bilingual servers who can handle your order in both Spanish and English. And yes, because it's been around forever some of the servers have been too. They may seem a little distant, but it's only because this is one of those places in the 'dale that caters to the whole city and as such has a very diverse clientele.Undoubtedly you'll notice that like Acapulco, Los Olivos loves to promote its fajitas and margaritas. But the fact is, they do an excellent job of offering a wide variety of dishes such that you can eat here often and not have to order the same thing. Moreover they are fairly consistent in keeping the menu Sonoran in focus. This will sound pedestrian, until you realize that Mexican cuisine suffers the same image problem that Chinese does. Namely when only certain areas of the country could immigrate, they had a disproportionate impact on how the cuisine was represented in the U.S. And so the Patio sticks mainly to beef and some chicken with only a few plates using seafood. This is also one of the places biggest complaints: that this authentic Sonoran food is as bland as a telenovela adapted for American TV. But this is actually why you know you it's not Margarita Monday: US chains are known to add such high level of sugar to recipes as to make dishes artificially sweet. The food here is not sweet at all, and hence good news for your pre-diabetes, but bad news for your craven palette. (European tourists take note, disregard these comments.)Yet I found myself going to Los Olivos in the first place because of the price. Yes, this is an affordable restaurant. Some entrees are less than $10 and give one an economical choice amidst the orgy of maxed out credit cards in Old Town. Parking is also free and convenient because it is adjacent to a large, city-owned structure for the Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Art.Perhaps the greatest irony with is that the once trendsetting Corrals are portrayed today as conservative with their restaurant's image. But no matter, as Scottsdale treasures its history as much as being hip. So Los Olivos remains a good bet if you're looking for something staid. And if you are not, there's always Cowboy Ciao.
1	AVOID IT AT ALL COSTS!  The worst Mexican food I've ever had.  I even ate there another time to give it another chance (everyone at work raves about it!) and still found it disgusting.  The beans are the worst that I've ever had (you can taste the lard!).
1	My husband and I tried this place based on many telling us we should come here for the best Mexican.  It was divey inside, but that was expected- the food was not good at all.  I have seriously had better Mexican food in Connecticut.  I was so disappointed.
1	YUCK. And I mean that will all gusto behind the word. I absolutely did not like this place. It's very rare that I dislike a place this much. I usually can find something redeeming (like Los Olivos does have some pretty damn good salsa), but I could not see myself going here ever, ever again... unless my family dragged me here. They, of course, loved this place. YUM. That's what my family said. I asked them what I should say in my review. My dad loved Los Olivos and said he'd rate 'em 4.5 stars. He only deducted the 1/2 star because they took our chips away before we were finished with them. I guess it was a bartering system: your entrees for our chips. Perhaps I ordered the wrong thing. After all, I didn't want to drown in grease, so I picked the shrimp entree that came with rice. I picked at the soggy rice. I nibbled on the burnt garlic toast. And the shrimp? Well, let's just say I wasn't expecting to have to work for my food. I had to peel the shell off myself. "How do I do that?" I asked horrified. Still a shrimp novice, I had no clue. "You grab their little legs and pull." I nearly had to excuse myself to go throw up.
3	Went there last Saturday. Somehow, i remember it being better from times before. Do not get me wrong - it was good, but it was not GOOD. Know what i mean? Wait was not too long, but long enough. Service was ok, but not great, pitcher of Margarita tasted good but was $36 and we only got kiddie size glasses for it. Food was pretty good, but not superb. Chips and salsa WERE real good.All in all not totally gratifying experience, unfortunately. Perhaps, i will bump up my rating after next visit."It's alright"Eugene
1	This place is fucking awful. I haven't been here in about 10 years or so and I couldn't remember why... well, I went today and it all came back to me - vividly. I told my server it was my first time in 10 years and she immediately said "nothing has changed." Boy, was she right.The food is a gloppy greasy gut grenade to begin with... The presentation is straight out of the 80's - huge portions of slop overcooked and swimming in an even more overcooked sea of diarrhea with some wilted iceberg lettuce plopped on top looking sad. It's the most disgusting thing I've ever seen referred to as food. All the food here is pre-cooked... meaning it is just sitting there over heat waiting for you to order it. I know this because you can't order anything special, like "no onions" in your shredded beef. The chicken was dry and clearly had been sitting on heat for several hours. It was completely vile. We had also ordered a cheese crisp with ground beef... that was the description. It said nothing about veggies on it, but there they were - some pathetic overcooked hunks of unidentifiable veg trapped in the tar pit of cheap rubbery cheese and grey meat-esque vomit. It was sickening... The decor of this place is a leftover relic clearly designed over 30 years ago by someone who was heavily into psychotropic drugs and Disneyland. That went along with the food which looked like it belonged in a museum (as my girlfriend suggested). The lighting in the room they stuck us in wasn't helping - it cast a blue hue from the skylights onto everything on the table making the food look even less appetizing. Aside from that though, it's kinda kitschy in both a fun way and a pathetic way. I basically refused to eat anything from the menu (though I tasted some of my girlfriend's dish and the cheese crisp) and stuck to chips and salsa. The chips are the freshest thing sold here and aren't bad. The salsa isn't so bad either. We split a margarita just to sample it and decided it wasn't bad, but you could tell they put cheap tequila in it - beware of subsequent headaches. It's a shame the food is so shitty because this place is in a great location. I can only recommend it for grabbing drinks with that hot GILF you found at the Yarn Barn before you take her back to her retirement community to bang.
1	Thank you for ruining my Saturday afternoon.It's been 15 hours since I ate here and I am just now starting to feel normal again.  I've been eating tums and chasing them with soda (to settle my stomach) as well as making several bathroom trips.  I have never been this sick from eating anywhere.  I think Taco Bell would have been far superior and they don't even serve real meat!    The chips and salsa were okay.  My bf and I split the cheese crisp with beef (first mistake).  The beef looked grey  and the cheese looked old and overcooked. My entree was the chicken burrito,  I think they use chicken in a can b/c the meat was so dry and shredded.  The waitress offered a sauce on top and good thing I accepted b/c otherwise I would have had to choke down the dry burro.  Gordon Ramsey needs to take over and revamp this place.  The location is prime but it seems like they were just being lazy all around.  I think they need to pare down the menu because there are too many choices and most of it is the same crap just re-worded.  Also, I kept seeing so many servers standing around shooting the shit.  If you don't have any tables you could be helping out in other ways.     This place really lacked warmth from the staff and I think it's important to make your customers feel welcome. I really don't see myself coming here ever again unless they make huge changes.
1	Absolutely horrible.  If fact, I'm being dragged their on Sat., and I'm absolutely dreading it.  For some reasons a few friends seem to like the "ambience?"  Whatever.  Isn't iit nteresting that they don't mention the food?First of all, in my opinion, there isnt' any ambience.  Most of the staff is rude, can't speak English, and, as evident by the scowl on their faces, surely wish they could be elsewhere instead of helping the damn gringos.  In all fairness to the remaining staff, they are friendly and try to be as helpful as possible.The food is absolutely a greasy, tasteless, OVERPRICED mess.  Instead of ordering enchiladas or burritos, you're better off ordering a half pound of cheese and throwing it in your microwave.  It'll taste just about the same.  Awful!This isn't a one time visit.  I've had the misfortune of being at Los Olivos five times.  Everytime it's been pretty much the same as described above.  And, every time I starve.  I refuse to pay for Taco Bell at Los Olivos prices.  Unfortunately, because of the close location to our workplace many of my coworkers choose this place for convenience sake.  Anyone know of any better Mexican restaurants around I.S and Scottsdale Rd.?
4	Best mushroom enchilada's in town! I am always so baffled by the crappy chain restaurants getting good reviews, and the small local restaurants getting bad reviews.This is one of those places the service kinda sucks, emphasize kinda, but the food it so good it doesn't matter. The salsa is yummy, and they have great chips.  Stop your chain addiction  and try out one of these great local favorites!Oh for those of you who are looking for a healthy Mexican option, stick with Rubio's. This is good ol' authentic, greasy yummy Mexican food.
3	If you want a genuine Mexizona experience, Los Olivos is your place.  Especially on weekend nights.  Go there on a Friday night and get your cumbias on. Seriously, amigos. This place has a huge room with a bandstand, live music and dance floor. It's pretty cool.Unfortunately, the food isn't as cool.  It's pretty run-of-the-mill Mexican food. Definitely nothing to write home about. Or rave on Yelp about. So save yer money and head over to Frank and Lupe's.  But get a pitcher of strawberry margaritas to go at Los Olivos first--the margaritas at F&L suck.P.S. I really wanted to give Los Olivos 2 1/2 stars, but g-damn Yelp doesn't have a button for that. . .Update: screw Frank & Lupe's --they suck too. Save up some money and go to Los Sombreros--great food & great strawberry margs.
2	This place gets 2 stars because the building itself is trippy and cool--check out the blue window skylights in a Gaudi esque configuration--and the super fresh salsa. My lunch, on the other hand, was super lackluster (a la carte spinach enchilada and chile relleno). But I'll go back, just for margaritas, kick ass salsa, and a building that sets a cool mood.
4	I do like this place they actually make the tortillas and chips there and they dont use hydrogenated oils.They use milk in the refried beans instead of oil.The one at North is very trippy it has glowing magenta mushrooms on the walls. Very acidy, weird.I liked the cream cheese burrito thing but I got it not deep fried. Pretty good a bit pricey but the portions are huge so share.It truley is family owned my brother is friends with the owners son. I think 2 or three families own it. It is the best mexican food I have had soo far.But still not amazing
3	This place was recommended by shaking up UrbanSpoon on my iPhone. The goods...super fast service...lots of salsa (both hot and mild) is provided and the tortilla chips were delivered warm.  Iced tea tasted fresh.  The glass was refilled quickly (I sat at the bar).  Very cool building, the blue windows are very cool, looks like a spaceship.  I order a chicken chimi, which was decent.  It was delivered so quick, I didn't think it was possible to fry up a chimi so quick.The not so goods...The chimi had a bit more tortilla than I usually like.  The mild salsa wasn't bad, but wasn't great.  It was a bit pricy for a lunch stop (for me anyways), not the best value.I'd go again, but only if I was in the area.
4	happy hour is good. free munchies in the bar area, like cheese crisps, mexi pizza, quesadillas, (chips & salsa anytime), cheap domestic drafts.margaritas are good.other food is perty good, sides are pricey, as a side of guac is like 4 bucks.3-7p is the right time to go.
5	Great place, great food. AMAZING hot sauce. Chimichanga's are too kick butt. Beer is in SMALL glass so I'd suggest sticking with bottles of Mexican brew rather than ordering draft. Beautiful building, wonderful food. I've eaten here at least 20 times, any time friends or relatives come to town, take them there immediately and never a complaint. Have to look  on Yelp for all of the whiners. Good eats, enjoy!
3	Los Olivos has been around for as long as I can remember and I have been their many times in the past but it has been awhile... I am guessing somewhere in the neighborhood of 10 years!  so I guess today was my day!  We had a team lunch to introduce a new team member to everyone and this was the chosen destination.  Let me just say that if you have a large party of 10 or more and want the lunch experience to be handled efficiently this is your place!  Our waitress was so efficient!  We never waited for anything... our drink order was taken promptly and soon after our order was taken our food came right out!  Being that we had 14 people in the party I was pretty impressed.  Lastly to make things more challenging for our waitress everyone was paying their own bill (argh!) it could have been overwhelming.  The chips and salsa were very good for my lunch entree I chose the Mexican pizza with ground beef.  I enjoyed the Mexican pizza except for the ground beef part... they just dumped ground beef on top of the pizza... I thought it would be part of the pizza.  Anyway I would say we had a good experience at Los Olivos... high five to the wait staff!
4	I was surprised to see that this place has such low ratings on yelp- it is one of my favorite Mexican places in the valley.  Favorite dishes include: mini beef tacos, Tapopo Salad (iceberg lettuce, cheddar cheese, chicken, peas, corn, beans, tomatoes and large amount of quacamole under it all), fresh salsa, and Tacos Al Carbon. All freshly prepared and wonderful tasting.If you have kids, ask to sit in the blue room by the fish tank - the decor is fun and mysterious and will keep young children distracted thru the entire meal.
3	I enjoyed the rice and beans, both very tasty. The decor was a trip. The chicken tacos though...hmm. They were alright but I wasn't expecting there to be fried chicken inside. I was really hoping for it to come shredded. I wished it said that on the menu because I wouldn't have ordered it. I'd definitely go back if I was in the area, and just get something other than the chicken.
4	I know I give more four star reviews of establishments than I probably should, and I'm trying to break myself of the habit, but Los Olivos deserves a solid four stars in my book.  Like others have said, the food isn't over-the-top amazing, but its solid Mexican and its solid consistent.  I've had enchiladas (fantastic), fajitas (fantastic), and multiple times, the guacamole (fantastic).  What is over-the-top is the architecture, the character, and the somewhat-rustic feel to the slightly-wacky dining room(s).  While it is not completely clear from the exterior of the Los Olivos structure, the interior reveals a Xanadu of sorts, no ceiling angle alike, no wall length perpendicular to another.  Floor tiles show signs of decades of foot traffic, and chairs reveal evidence of many meals enjoyed.  In a town where most establishments are half the age of your favorite pair of jeans, I find the comfort of Los Olivos to put me at ease.On the weekends make sure to arrive early, or you will be asked to wait for what could be more than an hour, and its not a comfortable place to sit and have a drink while waiting, so plan accordingly.  If you like Mariachi music, give them a call ahead of time and find out when the strumming goes down.  My last time there the band set up within arms length of our table, and while some might have found this to be annoyingly distracting, my party used it as a great excuse to kill the small talk and let the guitars, vocal chords, and flavours do the talking...Los Olivos = Love the Place.  Mexican Food = I would marry it if I could.
4	Above average Mexican food with unique Archatecture.  Service so-so.  A good place to take visitors from out-of-town for a unique Scottsdale  experience.
4	I've been searching for a great mexican restaurant close to my office in old town that serves really good salsa for about 3 months now - finally found the place on Friday last week after I got over my brain-fart and decided to use Yelp! LOLWhen you sit down and get your drink order, you get 2 flavors.  I only tried the regular salsa, as I knew I wasn't going to be too keen on the chili powder based salsa - never have been, it might have been fantastic, I just don't like chili/cayenne pepper based salsas.  The salsa I did try was fantastic, but it would of been nicer if we had little bowls to pour it in to instead of having to pour it on to plates.I ordered up the #1 combination (I think it was #1).  Basically, it was a cheese enchilada, a beef taco, and a beef tamale (with rice and beans).  I had actually made a comment during my meal that the rice was the best rice I've ever had at a Mexican restaurant...no joke!I'll definitely be going back over there many times over since I work within walking distance!
4	Alright, let's get one thing straight, when one thinks of "REAL" mexican food, it isn't the boring and bland stuff you find at chipotle and baja fresh. The reason why Mexicans are so fat is because really Mexican food is fat, greasy and definitely full of lard (I'm Mexican so I can say that!)That being said, this place TOTALLY DELIVERS! The food was very authentic, tasty and flavorful. I actually went two times this weekend. First of all, the chips and salsa are AMAZING. They give you two kinds of salsa, mild and hot. I only wish that they gave you bowls to put them in, instead of putting it on a flat plate.  We also ordered a side of guacamole, which I thought was very good. Some of the other reviews have said you can't make modifications to your order, but that is not true. I asked for no onions in my enchiladas and they were happy to do that. The tamale was good and so what my shredded beef taco. Having that big side of guacamole definitely spices up the tacos!They also have lunch specials until 4pm everyday!! They also have a decent happy hour (I've heard) and their beers are pretty cheap. I always love a place that has Dos Equis on draft.
4	Oh Mary Lou how I love you!I still don't know how this dish came to be called the Mary Lou, but I don't care what it is called...it is sooo good!  A cheese quesadilla covered in a delicious green beef chile sauce....it is so indulgent, but it is worth it!  They sure don't skimp on the cheese here and the beef in the chile is so tender it just melts in your mouth.  Add on a side of their delicious beans and you have yourself a tasty meal.  Be prepared to share (or just have lots of leftovers) cause this thing is huge!  The best part is during happy hour you can get it for half price!The tacos, enchiladas and beans are also top notch here.  I would also have to say the plain old cheese crisp is one of the best ones out there, always crispy and not skimpy on the cheese!I just wish they had a parking space for take-out orders!
5	I recently found myself at Los Olivos for dinner and was reminded of just how great this place really is. I have been there many times and almost always order the same thing - the mini combo. It's a mini taco, mini enchilada, mini tamale and a mini tostada served with rice and beans. A plate full of mini food! Yea! Awesome every time. On my last visit I decided to keep it simple and just get two tacos. Full sized. I got one chicken and one beef. I had never had the chicken and was pleasantly surprised when I took my first bite and discovered it was fried chicken! In a taco! Score.Whether you like chicken or beef (or I think they might have shrimp) the tacos at Los Olivos are the best tacos in town, hands down.And to top it off they have really good chips and salsa, which to me can make or break a place.The other great thing about this place is the first room as you walk into the seating area. It looks like what a mexican hobbit hut might look like. Totally cool.
4	I had the "blue room" all to myself for lunch on Saturday.  Nice and peaceful watching the  salt water fish being fed fish pellets.  No sharks just little fish chasing around and trying to eat quickly.I wanted something light so ordered the chicken tostado ala carte with quacamole.  A pleasant surprise with large chunks of hot white chicken, chopped lettuce and just a few beans, tomato and cheese. on a crisp corn tortilla. The quac came on the side so I could add as necessary.The tostada with a glass of Dos Equis came to $11.01 and that included a basket of chips and two sauces.  The tostado was a healthy alternative plus I didn't cave in for many chips.
4	great food and the service was excellent. I was surprised at how cheap the price was when the bill finally came. I know MExican food rlaly fills you up but we left there very satisfied and we were not broke! We will definately be back.
5	How anyone can rate this resturant with just one of two or even three stars is insane!!! This is one of the best Mexican resturant's that I have ever been to, outside of Mexico! I'm from the Philly area, although we do have some choice Mexican resturants, they simply pare in comparisson tot his place. I discovered this resturant by accident really. I was searchign for a place to have lunch last year after a 90 minute tour of Frank Lloyd Wright's Talyesen West homestead, and accidently came across this amazing resturant. I enjoyed the place so much that I returned this month, as this was the next time  that I made it out to Phoenix. The aesthetics of the place are spot on, the food is exceptional, with a wide variety to select from o nthe extensive menu..and the most important attribute, the quality of the food, authentic tasting and looking fown tothe last taco bite!!! They even offer for $2.00 a 32 ounce of Dos Equis on tap!!!! Astounding!!! Viva Los Olivos!!!
1	1.5 StarsI don't understand why this place has good reviews.  I usually trust YELP but this place was horrible.  The food was very blan and overcooked.  I had a tamale and chili relleno combo with rice and beans.  There was no texture to the food and everything had the same taste.  I would head to Frank and Lupes for some decent Mexican food.  I will not be going back to Los Olivos.
4	My favorite mexican food restaurant. Best salsa! Tortilla soup is so so good. Mini beef tacos with cheese!
4	Ttoday I am writing about Los Olivos Patio.  This is a place that I recommend to peeps when they want good mexican food and don't care about the looks of the place.  On those qualifications,Los Olivos would be a good fit.  Put it this way:  if you are looking for the hotties of Scottsdale, go RIIIGGGGHHHHT by this place.  I really think that they could do alot better with some cleaning up and  razing of a few areas.  But I guess.. if you are looking for good Mexican, maybe the grungier the better and the more real.  The cool thing about Los Olivos is that it has been in the same location with basically the same cooks and the same waitresses and the same family ownership since like the 50s.  You can't say that about many businesses anymore.  And that goes a long way towards what I think makes Mexican food good.. I wanna feel like I accidentally walked into someone's house in South Phoenix and the entire familia has gotten together for tia's cooking!  I have eaten at Los Olivos many, many times and I just think that the food is really done well. They have great chips and two kinds of salsa... hot and a chunkier, milder sauce.  Personally, I mix the two.  Their margaritas are addictive and my favorite restaurant item is their pollo asado- it is a mustard-marinated chicken breast that they serve with the requisite beans and rice and it is mucho good-o.  Their tortillas are made in the restaurant and I take a few of those, spoon some chicken on them, a lil' rice and beans and pico de gallo and whammie, a great taco that is reasonably low fat.  Hey, gotta keep my trim figure, right?  Their enchiladas are good as well.. lots of cheese and tasty.       So I guess I like this place as my fave for Mexican done right.  YOu just have to look past the icky surroundings and realize that GOOD Mexican is not about the location but about the food.  You have to  look deeper than the outside, like with people.  Wow, that was deep- I may need to go have a pedi and hang out at Kierland Commons to get back to my normal shallow, artificial nature.
1	I've eaten here several times in the years we lived in AZ and we used to really like it.  BUT...What happened?  The prices went through the roof!!  A two taco meal with rice and beans for $10.???  Burritos were $13.???  This is Mexican food folks and in an old dive building...where are the profits going?On this visit (after the Barrett Jackson auto auction so we were starved) we ordered some basics.  The queso ($6. wow) was almost solid...more like cut a slice out of it.  The Tacos had very little meat (can you stuff more lettuce in that shell?).  The rice and beans were find, but nothing great.There are too many great Mexican food joints in AZ...don't waste your money on this one anymore.  WAY TOO EXPENSIVE
2	Although the atmosphere here is quaint with its live mariachi band, the guy with the rose bucket coming around, and the dim lighting, the food is just...meh.  I went here on the recommendation of a friend I was with and had brought some out-of-town guests here for dinner one night, and I kind of wish I hadn't.  First off, I walk in, and the hostess asks how many people are in my party, so I tell her four, and she says to hold on and leaves.  I thought maybe she was getting menus or whatever, but no.  I'm waiting and waiting, and then, I look over and see her standing at a different hostess desk.  Um...hello.  I thought you were getting me a table.  I'm not really sure what her purpose was cuz the entrance was getting full, and she just stood there.  Finally, an older manager-ish man came out, saw the people, and got another girl to start seating people.  Once seated, I started to peruse the menu.  There was some Los Olivos special on there, and I was really confused by it because it was really a sour cream-filled enchilada with some cheese on top for $11.  Really?  I could make that myself for roughly $4.  I ended up getting a combination of 1 chicken and 1 beef enchilada, but I couldn't really tell the difference when it came out since it was all kind of hidden under a ton of melted cheese.  When a stranger at the next table asked what was good here, one of my out-of-town guests was like, It doesn't really matter what you get if you get a special because it all kind of comes as one mess on a plate.  That might sound enticing to some of you out there, but I promise you, it's not messy in an awesome way.  It all had the same texture and taste, and I wasn't even sure what that texture and taste was really.  It was kind of awkward, actually.  Afterward, my friend who suggested the place was like, I swear it was better last time I came, but for some reason, it wasn't good today.  He even went so far to say that if he were a Yelp!er, he'd have given the place three stars.  I, however, am giving it two because, really, I've had much better Mexican food around these parts with better parking, better chips and dip, and better everything.  Kind of disappointed in you, Los Olivos.PS: If you do decide to go here and try it out, know that they DO NOT split checks.
3	Short and sweet. Great food but a bit high priced. The service wasn't bad, we went at the ultimate lunch hour with a full house so you're bound to fall into hold ups. The only unattractive thing about the locale really are the prices, I mean I understand the location is in Scottsdale, but c'mon now. It made me really appreciate my hole in the wall dive mexican food joints.I will say that I'm huge critic about hispanic restaurants salsa, and their hot is pretty damn good w/ fresh chips always.
3	A historical Scottsdale treasure and definitely one of its most unique restaurants. From the front door donkey to the blue-tinted aquarium area to the Diego Rivera replicated art in the old Mexican adobe main dining room, it is a neat place to eat.  However, if you are looking for great Mexican food in Arizona, it would not be my first choice. The service is fast and friendly and I love the mariachi band and occasional live music however the food is less than desirable. My favorite meal is the Pollo a La Queso Crema but sometimes the chicken is dry and the rice and beans are crusty from sitting too long on a hot plate. There is a definite difference in quality when the restaurant is busy, so timing can be everything. It's a great spot to get a margarita after a Giants Spring Training game but for a good meal, it's just okay.
3	Took in some Los Olivos after a ballgame at Scottsdale Stadium.  We were referred there as "the best Mexican around." I sure hope not.It actually wasn't bad - but hardly the best. The chicken in the taco was a little plain, and the enchilada sauce was "meh." The server was sweet, but didn't get my order straight (ordered a beef enchi, but got a chicken one).Extra points for cool decor, excellent margaritas and a bomb fried ice cream dessert. 3.25 stars.
3	The food at this place really only deserves two stars, but it's a decent enough restaurant to grab Mexican food with a large group while out in Scottsdale, so three stars it is... I used to come to this place every now and then with friends while living in Scottsdale, and we all agreed that it was mostly for convenience & the fact that the people who own the place are very nice. In other words we didn't come for great Mexican food,.. I came here recently with four other people (one of which was a child) while visiting Scottsdale. I ordered a combination plate with a green corn tamale, chile relleno, beans, and rice. The beans & rice were kind of bland, but not bad. The chile relleno & tamale were both covered in the same green sauce, which was also kind of bland. None of the food was bad, just bland. Actually, the chile relleno was pretty good (it was cheesy). The group I was with ordered queso dip w/spinach as an appetizer, which was actually pretty good! I have to say the chips & salsa here are pretty damn tasty as well! The service is friendly, but kind of slow and not very attentive (everyone who works here is nice though, so I guess they make up for there shortcoming by serving with kindness). It took us awhile to get drink refills, but the food came pretty quickly. One thing that I think is really nice here is that they will allow you to pay at the front counter if you need to divide up a bill. As far as pricing goes I actually think it's a little on the higher side for the quality and what you actually get, but it's not horrible. My meal was $13 or $14 and I did have leftovers. In terms of atmosphere, it's cheesy Mexican decor (that's not a good thing or a bad thing...it's just what it is). When I'm back in Scottsdale and want Mexican food I'm sure this place will get suggested. I won't be the one suggesting it, but I wouldn't be opposed to it if someone else did.
3	Uggh!  It's so hard to only give Los Olivos three stars.  I want to give them four really bad but as many other reviews indicate, their food is completely, utterly average and the margaritas that I've had are more like a freez-e-pop on the rocks than a strong, south of the border cocktail.  I'll be the first to admit that I'm not the guy to go to when you're curious if a drink is strong - it takes a lot for me to make a face and ask for more mixer.That being said, on our dangerous and exciting skateboard margarita tour, Chris R and I asked the camarero to pour some more tequila in there.  He begrudgingly obliged, but that just brought it to a normal margo level.I've had the fajitas which were good, and the chicken enchiladas which were amazingly average - at least for the prices which are dangerously similar to a certain competing restaurant 1.5 miles south on Scottsdale Road.Los Olivos could win me over.  The staff is so warm and accommodating and I really like the old school, 'break from Fox Restaurant Concepts' atmosphere.  I'd say give it a shot - this is one of the most bitterly divided set of reviews I've seen!
3	I don't really know what to say. I ordered a carne asada burrito and it was just ok. The meat didn't have that much flavor and there was nothing else in it- just bland meat and the tortilla. The best part was the tortilla and the red sauce which was actually hot. I love hot sauce that is actually hot! Lol  it's going to be hard for me to eat there again because there wasn't a taste to crave. :(
5	Two words on why I gave this 5 stars:CHEESE CRISP!  Old Scottsdale favorite, I grew up going here.  Los Olivos is terrific and if you visit Scottsdale, you must have the Cheese Crisp,.  THe best indulgence ever!
2	Cute little authentic place. Chimichanga wasnt that bad.
4	SANGRIA....Always delish!!! This place is a Scottsdale staple... Cheesy jalepeno dip is amazing as well as the queso creama burrito. You will leave here happy...Great hangover food also.
3	We really need a 3.5 star rating, but since there isn't, we are going to round down since it's on the weak 3.5 side.  All that aside, the food is decent for Mexican standards.They have a legit chili con queso (especially the one with chorizo too).  Think creamy velvetta cheese with chilis chopped up in there.  It is pure cheese heaven.The food doesn't blow you away, but you can find some servicable choices that you will be satisfied with.  There is a shrimp in garlic sauce that is served with a guacamole salad that is really good.  You can enjoy some good guacamole with chips and finish off the rest with the salad.
3	I've gone to both locations in Scottsdale and they both have their own pleasant chill atmosphere. I like the North Scottsdale location a little more because it's more open and less stuffy. Lunch specials are a good deal. I've tried a few items, but I generally get the beef tacos. The taco comes out really hot because it's fried, the taco is a little drippy with grease, but it's quite good. They get a an extra kudos from me for carrying RC Cola on tap. This place is middle of the road Mexican and you'll feel a little bloated after you eat there, but still pretty good overall.
1	I was hoping for a good mexican meal but instead went to Los Olivos!  The ambience was ok; the food bad.
5	Awesome awesome awesome! This place is reason enough to travel to Arizona. I went for lunch and was blown away by the guacamole and beef chimichanga. Definitely not to be missed if you are staying in or around Scottsdale or Phoenix!
3	Good food, nice ambiance. Divine salsa- two sauces to choose from. Enchiladas cooked to perfection and the mariachis had us dancing the night away. Not really. Spent two great evenings here and will make it a plan to come back in the future.
3	So sad that we didn't like this place more... a good friend recommended it, and I would consider him a reliable source so we were really excited for some good food. Chips and salsa were great, but it all went down hill from there. The margaritas were really limey and the food was pretty blah. We kept trying to give positives but it was a challenge. The staff was really nice.
5	Los Olivos patio is a Scottsdale tradition. My personal favorite is a plate of machaca, and chips...maybe a side of rice too. The cilantro based salsa and hot sauce compliment the machaca wonderfully. It varies typically from being very good to excellent, rarely mediocre. That and an iced tea and I am in hog heaven. It just doesn't get much better than this IMHO. The tacos are quite good too!
4	If you're looking for a two-steps-up-from-a-hole-in-the-wall Mexican restaurant with delicious food, go to Los Olivos.  The food was DELICIOUS!!!  The atmosphere is great because it's very low key and exactly what it should be for what it is.  Yummy carne asada or floutas or enchiladas.  Very yummy!!!
3	Seemingly average to good Mexican fare in a cool setting, worthy of a visit for an out of towner. Lunch specials are affordable and portions are plentiful. The servers were friendly and attentive, sure to keep my glass filled and the chips coming.  The chips are perfect...warm and crisp and the salsas were great.  I sampled beef taco and enchilada.  I'd say this was the first taco I've had that I truly enjoyed.  The chili relleno was not the best I've ever had, but was decent.  If you have the itch for Mexican in a cool, memorable setting, swing by!
2	There is nothing terrible about this restaurant but there is nothing that good either - average food.   Given the price, it is definitely not worth it unless location is your primary concern.
1	I went to dinner here on 10/28/2010. What attracted me was the reputation the restaurant had for it's authentic food and the Mariachi Trio music on Thursday night.  What a disappointment it was!  The steak fajitas came out and they were served as a pile of mostly onions and some green peppers.  There was hardly any steak in the pile and what I did find had very little seasoning and was tough, definitely not top sirloin!We were also served chips and salsa  which were OK, nothing special.Since we were still hungry after eating the fajitas, we ordered sopapillas.They came out and again what a disappointment! Hardly any flavor to them and very little sugar coating on the outside. The honey syrup didn't come in a serving decanter but instead in cheap peel open packages you would find at a fast food restaurant. As I looked around i thought the only people that would eat here are tourists(who will never come back) and people who don't know what authentic mexican food tastes like.
4	I base a lot of my opinion on the chips and salsa the mexican food restaurant sets down in front of me.  I LOVE their hot sauce.  The salsa is standard, but the hot sauce is delicious and I crave it (I live in SD so I don't get to Los as much as I used to).  Their cheese crisp is also a treat.  They do it right there with fresh tortillas and a crunch instead of the flimsy crap other mexican food restaurants try to sling at ya.  I will say that it's standard catering to the gringo masses mexican food, but it at least has more flavor than other bland restaurants I've been to (I have yet to find a decent mexican food place in SD)I LOVE their shredded beef taco.  That's all I ever order.  I also love the restaurant itself.  I would recommend to those looking for decent mexican food in a nice atmosphere.Parking tip: Use the parking garage instead of searching for street or lot parking.
4	My wife and I love the food here.  The place is old, a bit run down looking, and I guess that is another reason we like it so much.  It feels just so authentic.  We split the fajitas often, and I really like the tacos, cheese enchiladas, guacamole and nearly everything else we have had.  The cheese crisp with guacamole on the side is crazy good.  Nothing like great tortillas to make everything taste good.
5	I heart Los Olivos, and in ways that go over and beyond any other Mexican places I've ever been.  Using my strict algorithm for Mexican perfection of chips, salsa, red sauce and margarita, Los Olivos becomes the benchmark by which all other places are compared.  Love it.CHIPS are crispy, warm and perfectly thin.  I salt them and go to town on the freshly prepared SALSA, an addictive blend of tomatoes and jalapenos mixed with their HOT SALSA of red chiles and scarcely a tomato.  The flavor is just divine, best washed down with a FRESH LIME MARGARITA and plenty of salt.  I could dine on just the following and call it a day, but if I have a group to share with (or a lion's appetite) I will indulge in a cheese crisp.  The tortilla is pliable and perfectly chewy, and the Mary Lou with green chile con carne comes with a toothsome topping of tender beef chunks braised in green chile sauce and topped with melted cheese.  So good!Our usual favorites are the beef tamales, crispy chicken tacos, enchiladas of all kinds, the chimichangas (my husband eats the SHRIMP CHIMI every single time we go, without fail) and the sumptuously perfect machaca, served dry with the perfect blend of spices and goodness and a tortilla to boot.  Num num num.The service can be slow and at times lackadaisical - on other nights, the waiters are attentive and blazingly fast.  Just depends who you get.  If you go on an off night for service, definitely don't give up because the food is so darn tasty.  Rather, go when you have time to kill, eat and drink heartily, and know that you are in for a treat of an evening.Sidenote: Man peddling roses inside the restaurant is persistent - I'm still trying to figure out who he knows or how he's related to the owners in order to be allowed to interfere with the service in the place.  Your guess is as good as mine.
3	2.75/5 underwhelming. i'm generally not a fan of mexican food, so this may be an unfair review, but oh well.whenever i think of mexican, i think of bold flavors, hearty, tender meats and sauces and creams and yum! this food was meh. nothing particularly great, it could have been wrapped in foil and i could have probably gotten it off a cart somewhere.i think there's also something to be said when proportions are off. there was a lot of food, but i also got this huge tortilla bowl full of sour cream...just unnecessary. also, if the food needs that much, i think that speaks poorly to the quality of the steak fajita i ordered.overall, the food wasn't very memorable, which was reflective of a fairly boring menu as well.
5	Food was wonderful!  Authentic and old school.  I loved it.  The interior does leave something to be desired.  I wouldn't say it's particularly romantic or charming, just a no frills restaurant.  But the food and service was excellent.
3	Food was not that great.  Chips and salsa were good.  Chicken buritto was mediocre.
4	This place is awesome - great food, comfortable ambiance and convenient location near Scottsdale's civic center (and old-town).  The  Margaritas were flavorful (not too strong) and the wait staff was super-friendly.  We ordered the nachos for the table and I tried a burrito along with some of a fish taco and some traditional beans.  Nothing super fancy on the menu - just wholesome, authentic Mexican food.  Be sure to check out the "blue room" when you enter into the dining rooms... neat architecture!
5	Five words - pollo a la queso crema!  It's a chix chimichanga topped with jalapeno cream cheese and cheddar cheese on top of that.  If you like a little spice in your life, this is the dish for you. The creaminess of the melty cream cheese, along with the crunch of the chimi is to die for. The chips and salsa are my fav in AZ, crispy thin chips and a great trick someone taught me was to mix the hot and mild salsas together. The family that owns it is always friendly and Veronica, the bartender, mixes up some the best drinks in town, including my fav a michelada (beer, lime juice and I hold the clamato).  This is always a MUST DO when I come home to Scottsdale.  I'm a huge fan of both locations and it's great for groups.  I've also ordered their app platters for parties, which is always a big hit.
3	While waiting to be seated at this neat Old Town location, I was reading the notes left by patrons. There were several that stated things like the best Mexican food in Phoenix, Best Mexican food ever. The food is good, not the best I ever had, I would rate it in the top ten Mexican places I have eaten at. I had the pork steak and it was done very good, moist juicy, with a really nice spice rub on it. Lots of food for the price. Salsa Fresca, Beans, Rice and tortilla. House Margarita was just so so. I would go back and I would recommend if you are in the Phoenix Metro area. They don't do separate checks, which sucks if you need an individual receipt for expense accounts.
3	Food is authentic however service is slow. Would go back however.
4	After eating here I am now on a quest to find a Mexican restaurant that is just as good & authentic in NYC. They give you two different types of salsa with your chips & the salsa is incredibly fresh. I got the a la carte chicken empanada, fish taco & green corn tamale. I really enjoyed the juicy & natural flavors of the chicken... I've never had chicken empanada this good before. The green sauce on top was just enough to add some flavor without overpowering the dish. I got the fish taco on a soft tortilla rather than a hard shell & it was really delicious. The tamale was what I would've expected out of a tamale... nothing too exciting about it but it was still good.The place was very packed & since the restaurant is a little ways from the main road in Old Town I suspect that it was mostly locals in there (we were visiting from out of town). The restaurant was much larger on the inside than I expected so we got seated relatively quickly... and the host seemed like he had a blast working there! Service was good & we never felt rushed. I really miss this place.
1	Not sure where all the 3+ star reviews are coming from on this one.   Tired Mexican place in Scottsdale, with very mediocre food.We had a cheese crisp with chicken and a mexican salad.   Both were bland and you could easily make better Mexican food at home!it was also weird that they serve their salsa in carafes and you have to pour it on a plate and try to scoop it up with their stale chips.   Have you ever heard of bowls people??
2	Just stopped in for a drink prior to a ballgame...ritas just lots of sweet and sour mix....bartender very unfriendly to everyone around us.
3	service was so slow but the food is good!i like how they serve the salsa so you can pour it on your plate and add some hot in there!  the chips and salsa are good which is an absolute must in a mexican joint.the manager kept flirting with our table and it was somewhat bothersome because we were all starving, not very talkative, and the service was so slow- please buddy just bring out our food!i ordered the mexican chicken pizza.  it comes with pickles, i prefer guacamole as the green on the mexican pizza but overall, i liked it.i would go back with hopes the service wasn't as slow and the manager wasn't as perverted.Yah!
5	Came here when I was in Scottsdale for Spring Training. We were craving Mexican food and this was the closest place to our hotel so Los Olivos it is. The Chips and Salsa were brought to our table as soon as we sat down, chips were very fresh, thin and crispy. They served the chips with 2 canister-type things of salsa. They were both very good but I liked mixing the two, it made for one damn good salsa! My dad was in the drinking mood so he ordered a pitcher of Margaritas and man oh man that was a great way to get our meal started! For dinner I ordered the Pollo a la Queso Crema, a flour tortilla filled with chicken, then fried, and lastly topped with a seasoned cream cheese and melted cheeses. This meal was phenomenal!!!! The seasoned cream cheese gave this just enough tanginess along with all the savory aspects the chicken has. Thinking about this, makes my mouth water and wonder if Los Olivos delivers to Northern California?!?!?Next year when I am back in Scottsdale this will be my first stop as soon as my plane lands and the last place I go before I head to the airport to come home. AWESOME FOOD. Good wait staff. Wouldn't change a thing about this place.
4	My boyfriend and I love this restaurant. Typically, we split a meal because the portions are huge. Favorite appetizer (and the ONLY one in my opinion): Mini Tacos. My favorite dish: Carne Adovada (but I love this dish anywhere I go) The food is pretty much standard, good Mexican food, but the Mini Tacos rock my world. Don't order them if you are trying to be health-conscious. You will immediately regret your decision. Great for large parties, and they cater. SO YUMMY!
4	I love their chips and salsa.  Both types are pretty good, though I'm always partial to the one that's more like pico de gallo.  They come free when you sit down which is something I always look for and appreciate.  :)Their tortilla soup is pretty good, though it looks a bit oily and the chips get soggy pretty fast.  Their tacos are ok, although they're right there with julioberto's which are $1 mon-wed.  I usually don't like refried beans but I'll eat theirs.  I love their fish tacos and the cucumber sauce that they come with.All in all, one of my favorite Mexican restaurants.  The prices for their entrees are kind of hefty, but I like their bar atmosphere once in a while and their food is pretty good.  I go here when I feel like La Pinatas but don't feel like driving over there.
4	Nice Bartender, Cold Modelo Negro on Tap.Good Chips and SalsaLunch Enchilada and Tamale w/Rice & Beans combo was great and pretty cheap.Funky interior.Whats not to like.
1	It 's sad. But as other reviewers have shared, this place has gone down hill in all ways. Rude staff, slower than molasses service, DIRTY, sloppy, unappealing food (that is expensive), margaritas that taste like some tangy, sour tasting kool-aid-- and if you are unlucky enough to be seated in what I call the "after thought" corridor, you will nearly suffocate from the lack of circulation and heat (the narrow little seating area off the main dining area). I was EMBARRASSED after having taken out of town visitors to this place. I used to always rely on this place for decent food & experience.  What a shame it is to watch what used to be a valley destination go to complete waste.
4	Gazpacho HeavenI remember reading the ingredients for gazpacho for the first time many years ago and thinking how it should taste. Unfortunately, it never had. Until now, at Los Olivos. It arrives with chunks of tomatoes, cucumber, and onion, slivers of cilantro, all swimming in a cool but not teeth-chattering liquid that is salted and oiled to perfection. If it were just the gazpacho I would give this place a 5.In short the service was competent but not stellar, the smoky grilled chicken quesadilla was large and well filled with cheese with light smoky flavor. The tacos et al. were OK. The decor is dated and very casual.The three real stand-out items were the guacamole dip, the gazpacho soup, and the chunky salsa that comes with chips at the beginning of the meal.
4	Some colleagues and I had lunch here recently.  Complimentary Chips & Salsa are served with your meal.  After browsing the menu, I went for the Cheese and Onion Enchiladas w/Rice & Beans.  The dish came out fast and on an extremely hot plate......be careful of these plates, you'll burn your hand if you touch them.After letting the food simmer down, I went for a bite of the Enchiladas....they were really good!  I poured some of the Hot Sauce that came with the Chips & Salsa on top of the Enchiladas to give them a nice kick....yum!The service here was really good and they were very friendly.  We had a great time.Return Factor - 90%
4	I went for a baby shower and they served appetizers.  Everything was very good. The guac was nice and fresh with not too much onion.  We also had good service that kept our iced teas filled.
4	Had an early dinner here last week with a group of 6.  The orders ranged from a salad to a la carte items to full meals.  Everyone was very happy with their orders.  The salsa was very spicy but excellent (with an even spicier option available on the table).  The guacamole appetizer was large and fresh - excellent.  I had a beef tamale - one of the best I've had.  Good margaritas too.  The atmosphere is bright, very casual, and a bit touristy but the food makes up for it.
3	Just your typical hole-in-the-wall mexican restaurant... but I guess a little more popular in the Scottsdale area.  The guac was good, wish it had a kick to it. The decor was a bunch of painted wall murals, I think very typical of what I've seen at other Mexican joints.  I did have an interesting take on a chile relleno... 'Spicy Chicken Poblano' poblano chili pepper stuffed with spicy chicken, dipped in egg batter, then deep fried and topped with a delicious vegetable tomato sauce served with rice and beans.  Although, once I again i was decieved by the word "spicy" as this had no kick to it... it's what I typically call "white man spicy."   Anyways, it's decent enough, but nothing that makes me think "man I need to go back"
3	Fun place.  Because it's just typical Mexican food, I can't bump it up beyond 3 stars.
3	I ate at this restaurant often back 12 years ago. Then once I got a cold cheese enchilada back around 2004. I decided to give this place a huge break. It was 7 years total! I ate here on August 5, 2011 for lunch with a friend. The place has not changed except for they did remodel the bathrooms. The bar and entire restaurant is still the same. I had a green chile tamale and tried a cheese enchilada again. My enchilada was very hot inside not cold and the green corn tamale was pretty good as well. The reason why I gave them only 3 stars instead of 4 or 5 is because the staff is not friendly at all. It was almost like they were bothered that they had to work. If the staff was friendly and not bordering rude they would of earned 4 stars.
3	Should be 2.5 stars...Their chips and salsa, delish. I die. every time.The pollo queso something something...yummmm, so greasy and cheesy and spicy and chickeny and fried $4 dollar margaritas? ok!The food here is typical yummy greasy Arizona Mexican food. It's nothing extraordinary, but it isn't terrible. What's terrible about this place is the service. Yikes!Every time I come here I am first ignored by the depressed 19 year old side bang lip pierced hostess. She really never makes an effort to say hello. I feel I need to overcompensate for the brattiness she exudes by being overly nice. Hello? I'm on the opposite side of the hostess podium, do your job biotch. We are often sat at some odd random table, on our most recent visit being one with 2 or so extra chairs, that also doubled as the iced tea, water, and to go container station. I think it's best if you come here with large groups for this reason. They seem to reserve all the "nice" tables for them.Our waitress is usually a moody 40 something woman, that acts like everything she does for you is a favor. Literally, the waiters and waitresses here don't even bring your food, drinks, take your plates, etc. Now the men that do all this, I like. They're friendly, and helpful!I think it's a large extended family that still owns and operates this place. Which is most likely why the service sucks so much. I still occasionally eat here, as my boyfriend loves the food, but the service needs some upgrading. If this wasn't such a tourist trap this place would have gone out of business long long ago
3	This was my firat time at the original los olivos. I was just as un wowed as the north location. Sadly there isn't a single thing that I can point out that was bad.....but nothing was that good either. We had a largish party and I arrived late. It was an early dinner on a Saturday night so no waiting and the table already had chips and salsa on the table when I got there. I am not eating chips but everyone else seemed to like theirs. I thought the salsa was very shallow in its flavor. I like a deeper more roasted flavor. I asked for lemon with my water and he brought me a whole plate. I struggled to find the right thing to eat that wouldn't throw me completely off my no starch low sugar diet. I ended up with a chicken tostada a la cart and left the tortilla. It was perfect for me and pretty tasty. I know others were underwhelmed. I wouldn't "not" eat there again if others were going but I think I would rather try restaurants with a stronger point of view anc commitment to excellence.
5	I love Los Olivos!  It's an awesome, family run business in a cool old building.  The food is delicious!  Having been several times, I do not think that I had anything that was not good!  The bar makes a great margarita too.  My favorite dish is the shredded chicken burro with red sauce.  Its just as good as the chimichanga, but I feel much better eating it!  The cheese crisp is large, delicious, and very cheesy.  I love coming here with my family when they come to town to visit because eating at Los Olivos feels like you are at home.
4	Went there for lunch today, was immediately welcomed by the hostess, and seated.  Our service was very good, and the food was very tasty.Hubby had a HUGE platter of Nachos(I am not sure, but I think I saw part of the kitchen sink) and I had the Carne Asada.  My steak was perfect, seasoned well and tender, I usually don't like spanish rice, but this was very flavorful.My husband couldn't eat all of the Nachos.Kept our tea filled up, checked on us several times and were very friendly, we will be going back.
4	Los Olivos is a quiet resturaunt in the Old Scottsdale city near the SF Giants spring training site. That is how I happened on this wonderful family style eatery. Arrived to the area to meet a Good HS friend and was way early. Used the Yelp app on my phone and soon I was here! Seated with out any wait. The place was just picking up since the ball game was not to far off and it was Dinner time as well. Service was very efficient and pleasant. I'm partial to Chicken what ever in these Mexican style resturaunts, and had a 'Chimi'. Arrived shortly and enjoyed it emencely.I would recomend Los Olivos to anyone. Looks as if they can handle most any size group as well! Everything is reasonably priced as well. Enjoy! Holla!
3	I had no idea this place existed. We met friends there for dinner (their choice). It's a little dive looking today, but I'l sure it was awesome about 10 years ago. The service was okay and the food was okay, but I don't think I'll ever be back.
4	I don't know how long Los Olivos has been around, but by the looks of it, it seems like a pretty long time! Old Town doesn't have many old-style Mexican food restaurants with a classic atmosphere like Los Olivos. For this reason, Los Olivos gets four stores in my book. Los Olivos reminds me of Mexican food restaurants I used to visit as a child. They have fiesta-themed decorations, plenty of decorated tile, an adobe mission style atmosphere and good food and drinks. Yes, there is better food in the Valley...much better in fact. However, Los Olivos is a good choice if you want to have a casual dinner in a festively-themed atmosphere that serve margaritas in pitchers! For food, I eat the same type of Mexican food everywhere I go, and the same goes for Los Olivos. I like their guacamole, quesadillas, chile rellenaos and chicken burritos. As for the margaritas, they are classic margaritas that go down smoothly. Again, this restaurant gets the stars mostly for a festive atmosphere and decent cuisine and cocktails to accompany it.
1	My hubby and I recently moved from OR to AZ and have been looking for a good Mexican restaurant in the area, so we wanted to try Los Olivos. We had dinner at Los Olivos this evening and were very dissappointed of the food quality and taste!! We had sopes as an appetizer and as a main entry, my hubby had camarones al mojo de ajo (shrimps in garlic) and I had Flautas Ana. We didn't like any of these dishes we tried. :( Too greasy and no good taste! We are not coming back at all!Service was okay.
2	In a nutshell, overpriced, poor quality Mexican food. Nothing at all memorable about this place. The refried beans were bland and the rice overcooked and mushy. Everything is was smothered in cheese, which can be a good thing, but not with flour (flour!) tortillas.Not recommended.
1	The worst Mexican my girlfriend and I have ever had! Just thrown together. Couldn't find our enchilada in the mess of beans, rice and whatever. Greasy hard shell tacos, they sucked. And to top it all off.... EXPENSIVE!. Don't even bother wasting your time and money.
4	The margaritas were great, salsa & chips were yummy, shredded beef tacos and tamale were tasty; however, the enchiladas were a bit smothered in cheese.. couldn't really taste them.  Four stars because I haven't been to a good Mexican restaurant in a while... (live in the east coast)... plus the margaritas were really good. Ha!
5	This is it!  Our family has been dining here for 51 years!  Bringing 4 generations to dine together and it is the go to place when family comes home for a visit!  EVERYTHING on the menu is top notch!  Our top faves are the Cheese Crisp, Sour Cream Beef Enchalada and Fajitas which is enough for two. Family owned and operated, and truly a hometown eatery.  Service is great, fast and the quality is perfect everytime-for the 51 years we've been dining here- we have never had a bad meal. The prices are great and quanities are good, and the quality is beyond compare. You will be back- again and again.
1	It starts with the chips and salsa which the chips are bland, the salsa is liquedy and tasteless.  The margaritas are good but small and pricey.  I ordered the carna asada and enchilada.  The carna asada was quite good, the enchilada was non-existent.  I think they just gave me the shell of it and was buried under I guess what was beans and rice with cheese.  The plates are gross looking.  Wasn't worth 15.95 that's for sure.  I think this place takes advantage of people, nothing special and not worth the money for the poor quality of food.
4	Really enjoyed my meal here, also has great comfortable atmosphere!  Was just visiting the area and Los Olivos was suggested as an authentic family owned restaurant.
5	Very underrated....  The food is fantastic...  I was in town for only three days and I ate her twice.  Try the Steak Picado or the Pollo a la Queso Crema. Both are delicious!
2	Both the cab driver and the hotel recommended Los Olivos, so I was expecting an authentic Mexican dinner. What we got was poorly flavored food and disappointment. All 8 members of my party thought their meals were sub-par. However, the bartenders were outstanding! Go for the margaritas as Miguel makes his without mix the way they should be and with fresh lime juice!
2	The good:  fast service, amazing chips and salsa, and delicious but not weak drinks.The bad: the cheese.... Meaning bad queso and bad cheese enchiladas. I really love cheese and they miss the mark.  This is a low rent dive type Mexican place.
3	Great food, service, atmosphere, and margaritas... ruined by horrific lighting.. awful/bright fluorescent lighting!  Too bad..., such an easy change would make the ambience so much better!Glad the place has not been updated!  Love the authentic feel.. there's already too many 'new' places in Scottsdale, we don't need another.Hated the salsa served in a carafe to pour on a plate!  Who thought that would be enjoyable?!!A Mexican restaurant with only three margaritas on the menu?  Where's the silver coin?Loved the food and great service!!
2	Supposedly the oldest Mexican restaurant in the area, we were directed here by our concierge.  The place has a kitchy, almost 80's feel, but it needs some updating.   The menu is a bit too "American" for me; if you expect a truly authentic experience, this is not the place.  I think they get a lot of tourists here, who are used to the more Americanized dishes.  To start, the salsa is extremely tasty - very fresh - although the chips seemed "bag" quality.  After that, it was all downhill.  Two stars is a gift - it's closer to 1 star.  For lunch, we had the machaca - dry, shredded beef with peppers and tomatoes, and a combo plate of chile relleno and a corn tamale.  The plates look like a disaster when served; sauce everywhere, very disorganized.  The plates came out so hot they must have been microwaved - not a good sign at a respectable restaurant.  Too much sauce, also a sign of laziness and lack of attention to detail.  The rice was not great - not made fresh, and also crisp on top from the microwave (or taken from yesterday's rice pot).  The refried beans were a flavorless mash of canned beans; avoid.  The machaca shredded meat itself was somewhat flavorful, but again it appeared that they make it day(s) earlier and then re-heat it after slapping it on a plate.  Not authentic. The flour tortilla was huge and actually the best thing I tasted, other than the salsa.  Americanized, large plates of re-heated slop.  My advice - find a REAL Mexican restaurant, and stay away from this joint.
4	A little kitschy, a little run down, but the food was delicious!The menu is massive. You could bring anyone here and they'd find something to eat that they are into. I had a veggie burrito, boring I know. My neighbors had fajitas and everything smelled wonderufl. I admit I had a little order envy. We had a huge group, about 20 people and they handled us with ease. Service was cordial and quick. I thought it was a leeeeeeetle weird that they use table salt for the rim of the margaritas.
4	When we come to Arizona, we always expect good Mexican food - and this place did not disappoint. The chips and salsa are delicious - the salsa is very fresh. We ordered the guacamole to start, and it was tasty but massive. Sadly we could not even finish the whole thing it was so big! I had the fajitas and they were decent quality and very tasty. I also tried the chicken enchilada and that was good. Someone else ordered the machaca and seemed to enjoy it. The service wasn't the most prompt though, but there was a live band which made for a festive atmosphere, and the margaritas were excellent.
4	I toyed with three stars and decided on four. The cons: chips were a little greasy; salsa was served in mini-carafes (why make it difficult to enjoy the salsa?); decor is a little kitschy, as others have observed.The pluses: gazpacho was fresh and good; food was fresh and well-prepared; lots of veggies; frijoles charros were delicious; service was good.I wanted Mexican food for my night in Scottsdale, and I got it at Los Olivos. I went back to my hotel full and satisfied. Not overwhelmed or surprised, but happy.
4	Despite the decor, the food was amazing.  My dad and I had the fajtas the first night we were in Scottsdale and boy were we surprised.   Our waitress was amazing as she told us a unique way to get to the Grand Canyon, which we didn't regret.  Salsa was amazing and my mom probably ate most of it.  If I ever go back, I hopefully will go back there for some Mexican.  Was there on 2/15/2012.
5	I seriously can't believe people have given this less than 5 stars. I'd give it 10 if I could! We asked a shop owner for a great mexican restaurant and he recommended this one, and we're so glad we did. The salsa was BY FAR the freshest I've ever had. You could smell the ripe tomatoes. The carafes didn't bother me - I thought it was a great idea, so you didn't have to worry about double dipping with friends; they provide you with a plate to scoop up your own serving. I had the steak Tacos Al Carbon - the meat was so tender and tasted like it had just come off a charcoal grill. The rice was the most flavorful I've ever tasted. My friends had a veggie enchilada which looked great, even though I'm not a vegetarian, and a combo platter which I was a little jealous of - looked like a perfect selection! I went back a second time before leaving Arizona, and got the green corn tamale, which was incredible!The service was Superman fast! Usually you get bored with chips and salsa before they bring your entree but here, I had barely dug into the chips before I got my entree!I honestly can't think of a bad thing about this place!
3	Three stars is about right.  Its okay but not memorable.  The atmosphere was fun though and lively.
4	Los Olivos has been a standard in old town for years. It's a little older, dark, and run down, the food consists mainly of "old school" Mexican combo plates with rice and beans. ...and it's perfect!!! Happy Hour is good to - especially during spring training.
1	This place needs help. The food is just plain bad. Just a bunch of cheap ingredients buried over with sour cream. Go to El Barrio if you get in or for something less formal go to Carolinas or Tee Pee. I went to Los Olivos a long time ago and didn't like it and it seems that it has gotten worse. One star is exaggerating its quality. Looks like I'm never coming back.
2	I wanted to like this place. I picked up a burrito on my way to the stadium and ate it there. It was puny. It didn't even fill me up. There wasn't any flavors to savor or remember. I mean it was cheap like 8 or 9 bucks but I asked them for their most popular item and that's what I got. One positive is they gave chips and salsa which was ok. Nothing special.
1	A poor example of Mexican food in Phoenix. The food was mediocre, the service terrible, and the prices far too high for this lack of quality. We ordered a pitcher of margaritas and were disappointed there as well. The margaritas lacked any real taste and we were charged $35 for the pitcher (price not listed on the menu). When we tried to voice our concerns to the manager, we were told too bad, that's the way it is. This place is just a tourist trap in Old Town Scottsdale.
2	Great salsa.Everything else is pretty mediocre and flavorless. Nothing that makes this place stand out from a Rositas or Garcias.
4	AWESOME chips and salsa! I ordered the Carne Asada steak and it was cooked perfectly! Their double Cadillac margaritas are AMAZING!
3	We ate here on Cinco De Mayo. It was packed but we still had good service and didn't have to wait for a table. We were seated next to the fish tank which was great because it kept my 2 year old daughter fascinated. The decor is very interesting and there are plants and neat windows that give you the sensation of being in an underwater cafe.The chips were yummy. We polished off like 3 baskets of them. The salsa was okay and yes it came in a carafe and we had to ask for bowls. Not quite sure how to fit my chip in a carafe.I ordered the frozen strawberry margarita with no booze. It was okay but I've had better. My daughter liked it.I ordered a chicken chimichanga because the guy at the table next to me was eating a shrimp one, and his looked PHENOMENAL. Mine was okay but after I got it I wished I ordered the same one the other guy had.My husband ordered a carnitas burro. It was, literally, meat in a tortilla. There was nothing else in it. No cheese, no tomatoes. Just meat. And it was completely dry. He wasn't thrilled. We got a cheese quesadilla for our daughter, and that was good. We would eat there again because it's better than the other Mexican places we have tried around here (hard to believe I can't find a decent one when we are so close to Mexico!) but my husband said he would order something different.
5	Los Olivos is a Scottsdale institution and I won't hear a word against them. Especially not when I have a few margaritas in me. They take good care of regulars, especially at Happy Hour. The chips and salsa are delicious and they keep them coming. I recommend the mini menu, they are a great way to sample stuff if you like to try a lot of different things, but my favorite meal is definitely the Chicken Poblano. Mmm, so good! The shrimp chimi is also fantastic. I never leave without feeling totally stuffed.
2	What more can I say except it is over priced, greasy Mexican food! I have had better in Texas, the only thing that saved them from being a one star is their great salsa!
4	Yes, they are great at Happy Hour, with their margaritas and taco plates and endless chips and salsa, but I also came in for dinner with a friend, and they were super friendly, prompt, and in my favorite setting for Mexican food in the Valley. Yes, it's about a mile from my house, so love the Civic Center location as well. I trust a place that's been operating continuously for like, 65 years, as well (unheard of nowadays!). Fantastic ambiance, service, and food--thanks, Los Olivos!
3	A little wait, a little slow, a little greasy, was just OK. Tough to do lunch here and get back to work on time.
5	Excellent chips and salsa/hot sauce. Food is great here. A local favorite since the 1950's.
3	Other then the chips and salsa (5 stars for salsa) the food is good, but not so much that I go out of my way to eat there. The fajitas are delish, with mushrooms and the meat always tender, but the price makes me cringe. At over $20 there are so many other places I rather eat. I usually opt for a cheese crisp with green onions and green chilies and a side of guacamole (which is always yummy but pricey) and I still pay for all that $15 plus what ever we are drinking.... I love the overly rustic atmosphere, but it really could use some updating and maybe a good scrub.... Some of the servers are not the friendliest, but these are mostly the family that work there and have been there forever, so don't take it personally....But overall it is a Scottsdale landmark that is fun to bring out of towers to and the food is overall good.
3	The appearance of this restaurant is so colorful and beautiful. We took numerous pictures here. It is the oldest Mexican restaurant in Scottsdale, and it is named after the olive trees that used to grow in fields around its grounds years ago. My husband and I went here on the suggestion of some locals who highly recommended it. The menu is large, but unfortunately does not have carnitas or mole on it. Instead of our favorites, we opted for a meal of carne asada steak and a chile relleno with rice and beans. The salsa served with the chips was good, but served in a carafe. I didn't get this, it would have been easier for it to just have been put in bowls. The chips did not seem fresh, either. However, the tortillas served with my husband's carne asada were home made!! This was a nice surprise. His steak was tender and tasty as well. The rice and beans were standard style. He liked the fact he was given fresh, diced green chile with his lunch, too.My chile relleno was fresh, not one taken out of a can. This made a real difference. I wish I had tried the flan, as I love this particular dessert. Overall, this is a decent restaurant, but not the best I have been to, either. It's not a bad choice if you are in the area.
4	Tucked in a quiet corner of Old Town Scottsdale, Los Olivos is the kitschy landmark best known as the oldest Authentic Mexican restaurant in the area.  Upon first look, the building, built in the 1950's is spewing charm. Designed by the Grandfather of the current owners, the space is architecturally pleasing and interesting to the eye.  Unfortunately, the building wears it age. The stucco walls and dated floors are stained from fiestas gone by.During my visit, I happily watched as the highly intuitive and competent wait staff wiped down mirrors and did basic cleaning between serving the few occupied tables throughout the dining areas.  The complimentary chips were crisp and salty, and the salsas, although a tad watery, were perfectly spiced and served in carafes, making for a table full of messy plates. The Carne Asada meal was served with a green salad, yellow rice, a giant fresh cooked tortilla, rough chopped pico de gallo and refried beans. The green salad was surprisingly filling and topped with a gratuitous serving of shredded cheese. The Carne Asada was well seasoned, although for the price ($16), I found the meat to be a bit tough and overall underwhelming. The mushroom enchiladas were again, decent and large, but not worth the price of $14.I would describe the food at Los Olivos as comfort food: a salty, cheesy, plate of fatty goodness that would cure a hangover or call for a mid-day nap. The service was friendly and welcoming, and the building's kitschy design makes for great photo opportunities. All in all, the pricing is consistent with Old Town Scottsdale, yet not on par with the quality of food. If you are looking for Authentic Mexican food that will blow you away, I would try elsewhere. However, I would recommend Los Olivos for the atmosphere and attentive service. I'm looking forward to returning for a night of Margaritas and appetizers. Los Olivos' charm is the perfect companion for an evening of laughing and drinking with friends.
2	Service here is unfriendly at best ( i sat in the bar)menu both lunch and regular boring .chips ok salsa served in a small caraf which makes it inconvienent  to get salsa to chip. food was ok some of the chicken in my taco was dry do to the 8 million degree oven they put it in before serving to you . this place is a true tourist/youngen scottsdale hipsters joint
5	Overly-stuffed chicken tacos, served with rice & beans; cheese quesadilla; chips & salsa. What's not to love about this place? Que rico!
3	Not my favorite! Lacking service and quality .
5	The one in North Scottsdale sucks (off of FLW and the 101) but the one in old town is the original and the one you must go to.  It has the never ending parking garage in back that I can never seem to get out of!!!!  Who the #$^% designed that thing?On good nights, the bar ceiling opens up.  The ambiance is great and the food is old style Mexican.  Upon my first visit to AZ over 20 years ago, we visited this place and have always gone back.  You won't be disappointed.  Great for kids too.
1	The only saving grace of the awful restaurant was the guacamole . As I entered the restaurant entrance there was a pack rat full of smokers blocking the way in. Only to find out its the employees bitching about the customers inside . We were greeted by an Unfriendly senior Latina waitress not bothering to look our way, as if she was too tired to deal with another tourist as it was getting late 7pm  . Our food is at the table in less than three min  tamales with chile relllenos it was buried in a thick gloppy green  sauces that look and tasted like to much cornstarch was added . it look as if some one threw up on the plate just terrible ,a bland texture and taste along with a mushy non forgiving tamale . This place lacks so much . It need a complete head to toe makeover from decor to. Food  and honestly they  need to get rid of the front staff even if is is family a lazy group of unfriendly zombies    . I hardly call this Mexican as this place seems to of given up a long time ago  . Shame on my hotel  to suggest this  Pit hole I will be speaking to them . Now I wait in my room to start felling the effect of this abortion of food and what it is going to do to my stomach .    .
3	We ate there Friday night  - place was packed and it took ten minutes for our server to find us, but once she did, the service was excellent.Are you people really that stupid that you don't know that the carafe of salsa is so you can pour it over anything on your plate?  and on the small side plate to dip your chips in?  it's perfect poured on the beans and rice; Jeez, you all sound like idiots for complaining about this like it's someone else's fault that you aren't smart enough to figure it out.anyway the salsa is award-winning, the cheese crisp with chiles and onions was very good, I had an excellent plate of Machaca which is very hard to find outside of Tucson, and Linda had halibut with a veracruzano sauce that was damn near perfect.  Negro Modelo on draft, and fresh coffee too.No complaints for me - and did anyone notice the front room dome ceiling done by Paolo Soleri? it is a spectacular work of art, as are the wonderful hand-drawn murals.there is a bit of attitude problem there at the front; it's because they always have enough customers to keep the place hopping - and there's a lot of reasons why
5	Dinner on the patio of chicken fajitas and the los olivos special. Fantastic! !!
1	I know better than to eat here, it was great back in the day, but now the 3rd generation is running the place.  And I'm sure there hasn't been any upkeep since then, the place is dirty, run down, staff is rude.  I had the carne asada dinner last nite, and within 10 mins of leaving I was sick.  That's it for me, I won't be back.  BTW, don't go in the bathrooms, they were really dirty.
2	These folks are resting on their laurels. Or....perhaps I am spoiled by so many good Mexican food restaurants in West Texas. Nothing seemed that fresh or tasty. Spouse Dale says he liked his tortilla soup but could only choke down one of his mini-tacos. My combo plate had a taco with carbonized (literally) beef-like strands, no discernible enchilada and a dry litttle tamale. Yep, we're spoiled. OK magaritas.
5	Great family place! Very good salsa. My favorite is queso with spicy pork. Yum, every time.
1	Went on Sunday early afternoon for my mother's birthday since my dad was in the hospital down the street.  Service was ridiculously slow and there weren't more than 20 people in the place. We were a party of three and we saw the waitress a total of four times in the hour it took us to eat and get out.  Asked twice for drink refills and never did get them.  Had to flag a busboy down with a water pitcher just to get that.  Seemed like plenty of staff on hand, they just didn't seem to be paying attention to the diners. Food was blah and pretty tasteless.  Prices seemed high for the quality of food.  The place looks really run down, light fixtures were filthy and half the light bulbs were burned out.  Overall the whole place looked very worn and dirty.  We've gone there for years, but won't be back again any time soon. Not a great experience at all.
4	Margaritas and all food very good. Service was always prompt and friendly. Plate of chicken fajitas was huge and delicious.
5	I grew up going to Los Olivos.  Miss it so.  Especially the cheese crisps.  My favorite Mexican restaurant ever.
4	Very, very good Mexican food.  The flavors were awesome.  The beef Tacos are soooo good and the mole sauce for the Enchilada was outstanding.  Probably the best Mexican food we've ever eaten.  Chips and Salsa were excellent too.However, the service was something to be desired.  The hostess forgot about us at the bar so we had to follow up on being seated and our waitress was a cool and aloof and didn't follow up with tending our table very well.  The men waiters were on top of their game as we watched them tending others.  We had to call on the Bus Boy a couple of times to refresh our water glasses.Would definitely go back for the food and hope for a different waiter/waitress.
4	This is probably my family's favorite local restaurant and it arguably has the best traditional Mexican food and margaritas in the Valley, which is saying something.I've tried most things on the menu, but definitely recommend anything with shredded beef (esp. the shredded beef taco), the green corn tamale, house margaritas on the rocks and pretty much any style of enchilada - I'd stay away from the steak dishes and fish tacos though; they are good but I've had better elsewhere.I'd like to close by saying, overall, this place is amazing because of the quality and taste of the food and the affordable prices.Don't trust anyone who has given this place less than three stars - they are most likely morons.
1	Let me start by saying that to get 1 star from me is hard.  I will give anyone a chance (or 2, off nights happen to the best of us), but I have never been so disappointed  in Mexican food as I was last night.  And this was not the first time I've been to Los Olivos.  We were regulars for a very long time (even organizing office Christmas parties there), but the quality of the food, the taste of the food, the service and the employees dedication has taken a severe nose dive over the last few years.  But having not been in about 2 years I stupidly thought I would give it another chance with the hopes that changes in staff and time would have made the experience better.For a restaurant THAT close to a spring training facility, they should be striving to be the best and attract the clientele that will come back year after year. Word of mouth is key in Scottsdale to keeping a business going.  You can have a flashy restaurant, fancy chef, but if the food and service sucks, no one will go.I have been here MANY times over the years and last night was THE most dreadful.  To start with the guy taking names at the front was totally disinterested in being there.  I spelled my name for him and he still spelled it wrong.  When I corrected him he ignored me.  I spelled it again and he gave me a blank stare and said kind of half-assed "sorry", but didn't change it and continued his riveting conversation with the bus boy that he must have felt I  interrupted. We were seated in the back room by the patio and ignored for 10 minutes (no menus, no drinks).  Our waitress was obviously slammed because we saw her running back and forth the whole time covering the inside and the patio and another dining room.The noise level was the loudest it has ever been.  The salsa was all tomato water and no substance.  The "fresh lime margarita" had almost no tequila and the strongest taste of bottled lime juice ever.The food was awful.  We ordered a cheese crisp and my daughter took one bite and said it was gross.  I tried it and she was right.  The oil coming off the cheese was immense and the tortilla was burnt.  I brushed off the bad cheese crisp, thinking (hoping) it was just an off night, but when I got my Steak Picado, the beans and rice were the worst I've ever had.  The rice was dry, tasteless and clumped together.  The beans were crusty and had no flavor.  But they did have a huge puddle of oil forming on the top.The steak was fine, but after having tried the rice and beans my stomach hurt and I couldn't eat.  My husband ordered the Mexican pizza and he had the same puddle of oil on his.  He asked for no tomatoes and it was covered in tomatoes.  The meat was fine, but again the tortilla was burnt.The friend we brought with us barely touched her burrito.  We were all unsatisfied.  I was even more upset when I got a $60+ bill after telling the waitress we were unhappy.I will never go back.  I was willing to give them another chance last night, but there are way better restaurants to choose from and spend less money at for really good food.
4	Lunch here last week was great!  The server was very attentive, the chips were light and warm, the guacamole was delicious, and all four of us totally enjoyed our lunch!  I've been there once before & really enjoyed it, so when friends said "Mexican" I suggested Los Olivos.  I did think that the tamale was a little too "thick" but it was still very tasty. Two of us had margaritas and they were very good too!  I see someone posted a negative on the bathrooms but I went to the ladies room and it was immaculate.
4	Looking for Mexican food and came across this place. I had two beef tacos, rice, and beans. The taco meet had amazing flavor. Very tasty. Salsa was good, but the strawberry margarita was ~$8 and not worth it. The place is cute inside and the staff was great. Great service and great food.
4	Great food, loved the decor and the staff was very sweet.
4	Los Olivos is an oldtown Scottsdale landmark that serves up consistently good nuevo Mexican fare.  Ever since my introduction to Phoenix, Los Olivos is one of the better spots for me to satisfy my Mexican cravings.Everything I've had here is great, particularly the cheese crisps and shredded beef tacos.  Everything else is relatively standard, although I was let down by their chile rellano before, it ended up being far to greasy and soggy.The other thing to note is that there's not really any good reason to come for dinner, unless it's unavoidable.  Their lunch and dinner specials are nearly identical, yet lunch is about $3-5 cheaper per combination plate.... Come for lunch, eat some chips and salsa, and enjoy!
4	I like Los Olivos and regardless of their server issues I am understanding because they hire long-term staff and often family members. Some of the oddest server moments I've had are here, but I simply cannot give them a bad review for that because I keep coming back for the food. Their salsa is delicious, margaritas are perfect, and their cheese crisp was a part of my diet for a long time before I moved away from eating so much cheese...One thing I will mention (especially if you are vegan), they use cottage cheese in their guac. I don't think that's right, it's clearly a cheap filler ingredient. Make sure to ask for it regular and they'll make it for you. That response was what got them four stars instead of anything less :)
5	DELICIOUS FOOD! Took my mom here for Mother's Day and we loved it! Will definitly come back. Was a tad on the pricey side. Paid about 72 dollars for 3 people. But was worth it. No complaints
1	This place is a classic, it used to be one of my regular places, good food, decent service, been around a long time, good vibe here. I sent in last month and they had new menus - they at least DOUBLED the prices on the menu. 20.00 bucks for a taco plate, no thanks! one of the nice things about mexican food is that it is affordable. Not here!  this place just lost my long term business.
3	Being from NM originally, I hate TEX MEX and this is authentic stuff with red chili pepper sauce.  This place does not rate higher due to being a little dirty and bad wait staff.  The food speaks for itself and it is hard to find good tamales which they have.
3	Don't list their drink prices. Food was mediocre at best probably closer to 2.5 stars.
2	I've been eating here once a month for a few years now.  Recently went in and I think they changed the chef.  The food was sooo salty.  Way over salted.  I know what it usually tastes like, so this was a bit of a surprise.  The beef in my burrito tasted like ocean water...plus.  I'll give them another try but they need to get a grip on this or I wont be back.
5	Second time here and not disappointed at all. The folks here know how to provide the best in authenticity. The food, atmosphere and service are all top notch. Had combo #1 this time. Excellent! Always enjoy the Phoenix layovers thanks to Los Olivos.
2	I wish i liked this place more because I love Mexican food, it's in a great location and it's huge. However, I think the food is pretty bland. There are so many good Mexican restaurants in Phoenix and I just don't think this measures up. I am a big fan of fish tacos and the ones here are just meh. Also, the last time we went someone ordered the queso with chorizo and everyone's stomach was hurting for a good 24 hrs after. I also think it's a bit overpriced.
2	Went to dinner with some friends, we were celebrating a friends presence , she had moved out of the valley almost 2 years ago, we were a party of 8.  This was my 1st time to Los Olivos and I was kind of excited to try them out. Unfortunately sometimes being me requires you to attend more than one party in a day, so I just came from another party where I had already filled up on some food, so I wasn't very hungry, but wanted to join my friends in the fun!I was about ten minutes late, asked the hostess were my friends were seated at, and was told, oh just look around till you find them, we have a few parties here tonight.  I thought well isn't that nice I get to roam in a place I don't know very well. But turns out I didn't have to go far, I found them in the 2nd room.I sat down, and was browsing the menu, our server came to me and said what are you drinking and looked a little perturbed that I joined this table. I just told her water. I wasn't the last one to the party, my other friend showed up 5 mins after me, and she got the same chilly attitude from the server. And with a big party like ours, it didn't really matter how bad the service was, because the tip was already added to our bill. Everyone placed there order, I wound up ordering Deep Fried Ice Cream, since I was already a meal ahead of everyone. While waiting for our food, I was munching on the chips and salsa, now I'm not a fan of the salsas, the "hotter" one was way to seedy for me. I like hot salsa, but I don't like feeing like I'm eating sunflower seeds. And the mild salsa was like a pico de gallo minus any peppers and runny. I mixed the 2 together, and that didn't really help either, so eating chips and salsa wasn't working for me.Now the deep fried ice cream that was perfect! The sweet taste of honey, the crispy outer shell and the cold ice cream made a perfect treat for this hot summer day!I really wanted to like Los Olivos, maybe I'll go to the other location and give them another try.
3	This is a tough one. I want to like this place but....   It is definitely local and been around for forever. You almost wouldn't know it is there. It is kind of tucked back in a corner off a side street but easy enough to find. I like the inside decor. Different rooms almost with different themes. One almost looks like you are kind of underwater.I was meeting other friends here who were already inside so I wandered in. I told the hostess I was meeting people and was told that I could go and find them. Sure it would have been nice to have been lead to the table but most of the time they just seem to be walking with you anyway so that could be points off or not. Easily found my friends and sat down. Water and menus were already on the table and we were still waiting for a few more. Looking over the drinks I see they have Modelo Especial on tap it would be better if it was Negro Modelo but that will do. Waitress came over after a few minutes and took my drink order. It came out pretty quick and in the mean time I was looking over the menu and the rest of the party showed up. When asked the waitress said she couldn't do separate checks but could split them up at the end. That was ok. I finally decided on the Machaca after asking my friends who had been here before what they recommended. I had never had it before. While we were waiting it was chips and salsa time. They were ok. Nothing really great. Salsa wasn't really that hot. I know it was way under powered for my friends who like very spicy salsa though.The food came out after not too long. It came in waves. I will say that my water was never empty and dirty plates were not around very long. Here is where it gets tough because after everything being so so the food was really good. Nice flavor on the beef and homemade tortillas were very good. Overall it was a very good meal. Not disappointed at all.Now this isn't my new favorite place and it wasn't some of the best Mexican food I have had in the Valley but it was good. Good enough that I would like to go back and try it again with a smaller group and see how the experience is then. They could even earn another star.One tip: From second hand information, having not experienced it myself, I'm told go to the bathroom here at your own risk. It is pretty bad. That is just what I have heard.
2	Yuck.  I only went here because my manager was in town with me and says that he always goes here when he's in Scottsdale.  I'm honestly not sure why.  The food was mediocre at best.  I had enchiladas which were dry and gross, and no one else seemed to like their meals - except my manager who had tacos.  Maybe that is the thing to get?  I did really enjoy my margaritas (I may or may not have had almost a whole pitcher all by myself), but that was about it.
4	Los Olivos was recommended by a local and we couldn't have been happier with this restaurant. Located very close to the Civic Centre, and near Old Town  it is easily accessible, even by foot from Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall. Here are some comments:Good: excellent authentic Mexican food, very reasonable prices, generous-sized portions, friendly service, parking lot in the back, lots of street parkingSo-so: the place could use a coat of paint, but the food makes everything betterThe chips here come with 2 bottles of different flavoured salsa which is a nice touch. I especially enjoyed the flautas and guacamole.This is a highly recommended restaurant that offers excellent real Mexican nosh at reasonable prices. We'll be back next time we're in town.A shout out to our server Daniel for great service!
3	We went here for my father's birthday. I really want to like this place. It was one of our favorite places when we moved to the area in 2003. Sadly, the overall ambiance and quality has gone downhill.THE GOOD - The salsas were all very good and very fresh. Our waitress, Toni, was really wonderful. She has been there for decades, and her husband is part of the Corral family that owns the place. My wife got the chimichanga and she enjoyed it, although she didn't care much for the rice. My mom liked her chicken quesadilla. My dad got a fried ice cream for his birthday, that was also good. The excellent service and welcoming disposition deserved and got a 20% tip.THE BAD - There was a hair in my salsa. The salsa itself was great, but the hair was a bummer. I ordered the fish tacos, and when they came, the fish smell was as fragrant as the funkiest clambake. Now I love sushi, and I have a couple of pounds of ceviche in my fridge. I made my peace with fish. But when it smells, well, I can't eat it. The texture was tough to the fork, too. I was sad, but I had to send it back. I dislike being a pain and sending stuff back. I was once a waiter, too, and I never want to be THAT customer to my wait staff. I ended up having a vegetarian burrito that was okay, but inside was a 1-inch-long woody stem. I usually love rice, but the rice here seemed overcooked, dry and with an oily aftertaste. It was likely in hot holding for quite some time.In conclusion, this used to be a beautiful place. It still is, but it has been neglected. A little paint would go a long way. Some dishes could use a little more care. In spite of the variability with the food, the service was good, and I would love to see Los Olivos back to its former glory.
4	Food was served hot and beer was served in frosty mug what more do you want from a   Mexican Restaurant?  Steak Picado  was good chips n dips flavorful Enuff said !!
2	They're slipping something fierce.  One of their best dishes is the fish taco, which I got just over a week ago.  Yesterday however the fish came out extra stinky (old fish), and they tried to cover it up by making it super salty.  Now I have to find a new Mexican sit down restaurant.  :/
3	My friends and I decided to come here for lunch since we were all craving Mexican food. I was told it was one of the older places in the hood, so the atmosphere would be more authentic. I definitely agree that it's more of the classic style Mexican restaurants - big layout, Spanish style tiles, decorations, and a very old fragile burro statue out front. The prices weren't bad, and food was pretty good too! The waiter was also a tall drink of water, which is always a nice perk ;)The salsa was especially good and homemade, yum!!
4	Great food and prices.  Servings are generous and the atmosphere is good.  A nice place for traditional Mexican in Old Town.  Really liked the Pollo Relleno.
4	Must get: fish tacos, guacamole, and chips and salsa!!!!! Soooooo good! It's a fun place if you are in the mood for some great Mexican food :) gotta try their chicken salad next... It looked Amazeballs!
5	Great place for a large group! Made reservations for a very large group (nearly 30) and needed to have separate checks, and they were very accommodating. The large open area near the bar fit us easily and the tables were set up thoughtfully to allow us to be together in a group but in such a way that it was easy to get up and move around. Food was excellent, and the servers were right on top of things all the way around from getting drinks served to bringing out everyone's food at the same time, and efficiently handling the separate checks without any of the confusion that so often accompanies dining in large groups. Well done!!!
2	The salsa and the fact it's a neat old building (on the outside) is the only reason it gets 2 stars. Tamales' were drenched in a red sauce and tortilla soup was luke warm and mediocre at best. Chips were cold and hard not warm and crispy. Overpriced for the quality of meal. Real disappointment when there's better Mexican food in Indianapolis!
2	Sooo...I was in Scottsdale for the day to visit a friend who was also visiting the city (she's from Texas and I recently moved to Tucson).  They had already been in town a few days and we were walking around Old Town looking for a place to eat.  We wanted to get Mexican, since after all, this is Arizona, and so I thought to ask someone working at a local business where a good place to go would be.  Without hesitation the woman/local pointed us towards this place, saying "it's the only place in town with good Mexican food."  Now, after having experienced it, I must say, if this is the best Scottsdale has to offer, they're in pretty bad shape and should be kicked out of Arizona.  The breakdown:  The interior and exterior of the place are very authentic and interesting architecturally.  This is about the only thing that really "wowed" us about the place.  We were a party of three (me, my friend and her mom).  The tortilla chips were "meh"  and the salsas, pretty bland and forgettable. My friend ordered the fish tacos, her mom, the taco salad (with chicken), and myself the cheese and mushroom enchiladas.  All of the items were quite bland.  I had to seriously douse my order in hot salsa just to give it "some" flavor, the rice was flavorless and clumpy and looked like it was cooked a week prior, the beans, also flavorless.  With the addition of the hot salsa my dish was mediocre.  The servers we had didn't ask how our food was (probably because she- or they- already knew it wasn't very good), my friend and her mom didn't even want to pack their food to go, it was that bad.  Now, I lived in Chicago for 18 years before my recent move to Tucson, and there are many Mexican places that would put this place to shame, and this is in the freaking Midwest!  Also, the food is overpriced.  It's about the quality of a Chi-Chi's (are those even still around?) but double the price.   Having read through the reviews it seems the place was once very good (and reasonably priced) but this clearly isn't the case any longer.Finally, anyone claiming that the food is authentic, is deceiving you.  That wasn't my main contention, however (I do live in Tucson after all, which has no shortage of authentic Mexican) as I have no problem with Americanized Mexican if it's at least good.  But I can definitely see it being a disappointment to someone who may be visiting Arizona from another part of the country and looking forward to authentic Mexican food.So, if you want mediocre, overpriced Mexican food, and happen to be in Scottsdale, this is your Mecca.  Otherwise go to the Chipotle -their food is at least  flavorful, and you won't feel you got ripped off....
3	Quaint little Mexican place in Old Town Scottsdale. I kept hearing good things about Los Olivos, so we came out here on a whim in July. The inside was pretty neat, different themes for each room. Our server seemed to be agitated with our presence, but was nice enough to bring us waters from the get go.She even rushed us to order, umm whoa, simmer down, lady. Cadillac Margarita will rock your world. Not bad for $8. The salsas were lacking spice, and quite watery. Dude had the Sonoran Enchilada, which was almost as good as his Nanas! So good. Wish I had ordered that, as I got a chili relleno, and should have known better. It was meh, eggy and runny. We each had a green corn tamale, and those weren't horrible but not good either. Pretty bummed after hearing such great things about Los Olivos from friends, but will have to give them at least one more try and perhaps update this review.
1	We wanted to head to old Town to enjoy Mexican food on the patio. The patio is AWFUL!  The food is basic canned beans and standard rice and overpriced. The service was terrible. NO reason to seek this place out
4	Awesome fajitas! Fresh made tortillas are amazing, and I use that word sparingly. Great place.
5	My family and I have been going here for the past 20 years and they NEVER lose their quality. My favorite is the Chicken Enchiladas with red sauce. It is so authentic and delicious- I have not been able to find these kinds of enchiladas anywhere else. My parents usually get the chicken chimi enchilada style, and think it is the greatest thing on their menu. I would opt for the chicken enchiladas. Remember Mexican food is heavy, so go with a good appetite. Portions are quite large, too.Setting is very old-but has been family operated forever. Great to go casually or to enjoy some real mexican food!!
1	I really don't understand the difference between Los Olivos and Taco Bell except that,1.Taco Bell doesn't charge 15$ for a plate of bad nachos, and,2.At least when they ignore me at Taco Bell I can honk my horn.Either way, you're better off at Chipotle.
1	I have been a customer for over 30 years but never again. I was double billed for a meal and contacted them about it. I made many attempts and kept receiving an automated response that they would be contacting me. I still haven't heard from them concerning this matter after nearly three months of trying. I like the food but customer service is bad.
1	The food I ordered (Chicken Fajita) was nothing short of disgusting. What was really disturbing is the waitress actually originally gave me the wrong order & aggressively argued with me to accept the wrong food. Everyone else's food looked like it has just come from the nether region of a dumpster - if you're looking to eat, avoid this place at all costs.
1	My son had the fish tacos and the fish was delicious. The cabbage was bitter because it was from the part of the cabbage that you are not supposed to use - near the core. The rice was mushy, however the beans were okay. I had the chicken burro enchilada style and the chicken was boiled and dry. The enchilada sauce was bland and my rice was also mushy. The service was very slow. It took 30 minutes to get our food and there were only 5 other tables with customers. The chips and salsa were tasty and while waiting for our food I squeezed lime juice over the chips and added a little salt - that was tasty.
1	This place was great once upon a time. Don't even waste your time. The building is old and the bathrooms are disgusting and falling apart. The service is very bad. The food is better than most mediocre Mexican restaurants but not worth the hassle. Food finally arrived after 52 min wait.  Get it together Los Olivos!
2	Fairly terrible experience.  We are avid Mexican food fans but this place is horribly overpriced, mediocre food.  On the bright side, the chips and salsa were pretty good.  The service was also fairly good.
1	What a horrible experience...First of all making a reservation isn't even useful because the old man at the front door acting as host will maybe write your name down on three separate pieces of paper that he can't even keep organized. They should get a computerized system to seriously organize their wait times. We made a 7pm reservation and they totally forgot that, and made us wait another 30 minutes after 7. Total unorganized and unprofessional, thinking they don't even have to acknowledge any frustrated customers, everyone was dealing with the same problem.Finally we just went to the bar to order drinks while we waited, and there was literally one bartender making drinks for the floor, you had to chase down a waiter picking up their drinks to even get an order in for drinks.We finally sat down an ordered drinks in a bizarre dining area, feels like you are literally in Mexico its so random. After 30 maybe more minutes of waiting for drinks at the table and being totally starving and finishing our chips, we could finally order. The food took literally an hour and a half to get to our table. To say the quality was bad is an understatement, especially for $16 fajitas, are you kidding. I would have much rather gone to Taco Bell, Chipolte, even Filabertos... I had to spit out half of it because of such low quality. They tried to fill you up with the overflow of onions to make you feel full. What a waste of money.We never got a refill on chips, we had to chase down a waiter again, and our drinks were never refilled. The busser girl was rude to my grandma, when my grandma literally asked for her name in the beginning. The waitress but okay, but still was preoccupied by being disorganized with all her other tables.To top it all of, gratuity was added in, if I could've given a negative tip I would have. This place is disorganized, rude, and low quality. They should give up their prime spot in Old Town for a more professional and higher quality establishment to actually make my time worthwhile. If you go here, go luck. I'd save your time on Saturday night and hit up the local Taco Bell late night, at least they'll be friendly.
1	I came here once before about 2 years ago and had the cheese enchiladas and thought it was good. I just recently came here and realized that this restaurant is not very authentic Mexican food but is targeted to the more Caucasian crowd. I don't mean any offense but, the food is not spicy, even though they say it is. The tacos had very little meat and te cheese enchiladas were a lot of cheese, and the tamales had no flavor. The prices for the meal are not outrageous but not consistent with what you order. As for the staff they are not very friendly and come off as if they don't care what the customer thinks. We were served by a guy of the name Moreno (that's what the ticket says and I'm not sure because he didn't have a name tag.) he never checked to see how our food was and hardly walked around to other tables to see how they were doing. He took more time trying to get a black folder to give our ticket and walking around us with our ticket rather than givin it to is directly. As for the bus/water boy was doing an amazing job clearing tables and all the duties that Moreno couldn't do. I almost forgot about the cheese crisp. It was very greasy but oddly the tortilla was hard and cardboard like. It was gross.
4	Best hot salsa in town. The mild is average. Great old school phoenix cheese and onion enchiladas.  Love the carne asana with tamale, but wish the price would not increase every year.
2	I came to this place on a date as my date wanted something to eat and she mentioned this restaurant was in the area. I am very picky with Mexican food and I knew as soon as I walked in this was not authentic Mexican food even if it had Mexican people working there. It's you typical "Americanized" Mexican food place, I ordered the chimichanga and for the price (nearly $13) it was overpriced. I could of gone to a juliobertos or polibertos and gotten that same dish with guacamole and sour cream which the Los Olivia plate did not come with for about $9 including the drink and I would of been better off. My date had the flair as which were bland to say the least. The service was descent which is why I gave them 2 stars, the salsa was bland and their spicy salsa was a joke. I think I was the only Mexican person eating there which was a red flag.
3	Solid Mexican food at a reasonable price.  I had chicken enchiladas and they came with a ton of rice and beans.  Quick refills on the chips and salsa.  The service at the bar was good and I need to get back to this place more often when I'm in Old Town.
4	I mean, it's just crappy Mexican food, but in the best way. The interior is actually really cool and I think it's fun to go with a big group and get cervezas and crappy food. The tortilla soup is actually phenomenal and probably the one dish that stands out here.
3	It had been a couple years since our last visit and was throughly disappointed in the food this time. I ordered the chicken tacos el carbon and all they tacos had in them was flavorless chicken and cabbage, I had to drown them in salsa to make them edible the beans and rice had the most flavor on the plate. My wife ordered the nachos and it was a giant pizza pan of meat, cheese, chips, and grease. For 15.00 I would have at least expected a little bit of beans and maybe some sour cream or guacamole on the side but nope that was all extra. The best part of the food was the kids meals but you really can't screw up a bean burrito and mini chimis.  Although the food was bad the service was good and the staff that we encountered were very nice and great with our kids.
1	I should have known better. I went anyhow, more for the landmark quality of the place and the quirky architecture than anything else. That is what the two stars represent. The food was horrid. What happened to the authentic Mexican that use to be served here? Everything was bland, obviously under a heat lamp too long, lacking salt, spice or taste. Apparently anything can go out to a table if 2 lbs of cheese is melted over the top of it. Burned beans, cheese crisp swimming in grease andtacos with a hair baked into the shell. This place really needs to pull themselves together and make some changes - too many other options these days.
1	Dropped by for happy hour at this iconic mexican food space in Old Town. extremely disappointed. HH is only in the bar. The bar only had seats AT the bar - the remainder of the bar was dark - no lights turned on. We asked if we could go into the bar area for HH and were told, no, there is no room. We took our money and our appetites to Cien Agave  down the street. will probably not return to Los Olivos....
5	I ate here w/my good friend 5/31/14. I generally hate Mexican food, but love the fajitas at Los Olivos!We sat down, ordered a few drinks & were promptly brought chips & salsa to snack on while looking over the menu. The salsa was very good & we both liked the chips but kept adding more salt. It was nice they didn't come coated in case someone doesn't like or can't have sodium.Our server, Erika, came by twice to see if we were ready to order. We asked for more time. She was very kind & left us alone until we called her back.I'm a picky eater & modify most orders when eating out. I get nervous requesting modifications because 75% of the time the food comes out wrong. I was pleasantly surprised when everything came out absolutely PERFECT!! The fajita pans were sizzling & everything smelled amazing! We both got the steak & chicken combo fajitas cooked w/onions, tomatoes and green & red bell peppers. They also come with the most amazing refried beans covered in cheese, guacamole and sour cream. I also ask for shredded cheese & lettuce to put on the tortilla to make a sort-of 'soft taco' It was all absolutely DELICIOUS!!!Erika came by to make sure we were ok & brought out the additional tortillas we requested along w/more wine & told us to let her know if we needed anything else. We enjoyed our meal & never felt rushed she wanted to turn the table because it was 6:30 on a Saturday.I complimented Erika for making us feel welcome, not rolling her eyes when I ordered, bringing out everything correctly, always smiling & being overall wonderful. I also asked for her manager to let him know how wonderful she is. He must've thought I was going to complain about something & was very pleases to hear the kind words & compliments about Erika.Every time I go back to Los Olivos, I will request to sit in Erika's section!!
4	We are in Scottsdale for the night and asked the hotel clerk at the reception desk to recommend a good and close Mexican restaurant.  He told us about Los Olivos and we were not disappointed that we followed his advice.  The restaurant is family-owned and operated and, according to the clerk, a local favorite.  The first thing I noticed was the charming structure and unique architecture character and design of the restaurant.  The atmosphere, complete with live mariachi band, lends itself to a delightful dining experience.  The salsa is AMAZING!  It was really so good, I wanted to take some home with me to pour over chicken, eggs, taco salads, etc.   The fish tacos were truly the best I have ever had.  We also ordered the appetizer sampler which turned out to be not great, so I would pass on that.
5	I was looking for a new restaurant to go to when I came across  Los Olivos reviews. I have eaten here many times over the years and I will admit that a few times I didn't absolutely love my meal but these people who give out one star and two star reviews like they are God Almighty just makes me sick. Los Olivos serves authentic Sonoran/Arizonan Mexican Food and does a great job at it. I love this place. Yelpers please remember especially if you are reviewing a small business that there are real people you are reviewing. Lets change the culture of Yelp by remembering what our mothers told us a long time ago. If you don't have anything nice to say don't say anything at all.
4	My mom and I came here on the recommendation of our hotel desk agent and we were very pleased! We had tacos, tostadas, and enchiladas, and of course, a beer and margarita! Everything was authentic, fresh, and nailed the Mexican craving we were having. We are visiting from out of town but we have already planned to stop here when we return to Scottsdale next year. The layout and decor are so unique and charming. It was a great experience, and the staff was so gracious!
4	Great food, fast and friendly service, but a little pricey. I love tex-mex and I typically get a ground beef chimi plus chips & queso when I go to a new restaurant.They were both spot on here. I asked for ground beef, but I go shredded however it was very tasty and super quick so I didn't care much. Chips & queso were $7.50 which seems a bit steep for cheese and more of the free chips. We added the table hot salsa and it was even more terrific and spicy.The waitress was very nice although she did disappear for about 20 minutes when we needed refills and more chips.We'll be back.
4	Excellent Mexican food. Menu has lots of options- entrees, combos, and a la carte. Salsas, guac, and chips are great. Service was prompt and friendly, and restaurant itself has an authentic ambience.
4	After trying many different Mexican restaurants this past year I always go back to Old Town Los Olivos. The chips and salsa are always served right away and they deliver a spicy and mild salsa. They are refilled often and it's easy to fill up on them before your meal arrives, you've been warned! I always get the lunch combo with a cheese enchilada, taco and all rice for around $8.50. Every time the plate is delivered the meal is hot and delicious. The rice is made the traditional Mexican way and is so yummy. The beer selection is decent and the glasses are nice and cold. Their Coke is also really cold with lots of bubbles it doesn't have that heavy syrup taste. The cold Coke compliments the hot meal every time. The place gets very busy so if you're eating in the dining room prepare to have a leisurely lunch. I eat at the bar and service is really fast.
4	I had one dinner here a few months back and I enjoyed it. The service was great and the food was pretty good. It's not the best I've had and it wasn't mind-blowing, but it was still good, and I plan to go again soon. If I remember correctly I had the chicken enchiladas, (a benchmark I use for mexican/southwest restaurants). I'd definitely recommend it.
1	So it starts like this. I walk in and see two counters with people standing at them. The first has a girl standing there wiping down a menu. She looks up and doesn't say anything. I ask if we can be seated and she still says absolutely nothing. I walk over to the other counter and stand in front of the gentleman at that counter. He stares at me, doesn't greet me, and asks, "do you want to eat?" Well, of course I do. He walks passed the first of multiple open tables. He stops at the first. Shakes his head and keeps moving, goes do a second, stops, and then continues. At this point I'm really confused. It is obvious by the hosts body language he doesn't want to be there and could give two shits about his job. After passing the third table he balks at that and places me and my son in the furthest corner table possible. He throws two menus down and I ask if he has a kids menu. No smile, no emotion, just pretty much turns and walks away. I waited about 7 or 8 minutes and he never returned. I walked to the front to find an employee but I couldn't find anyone anywhere. No joke! The same female stood there and I asked if he worked here. She looked up at me and then put her head down and totally ignored me. I was miffed but I figured Id stick it out. I walked back without the menu.A server walked by us. Ignored us again. After about 10 minutes someone came out with waters. Let me preface this by saying there was approximately 15 people in the restaurant at this time. I asked for a kids menu again and this server finally spoke up and said they are making copies of one.  Eventually service came and we were able to order. I was l, well, pretty underwhelmed with the food. The absolutely horrible welcome and service left a sour taste which wasn't helped by average food. It was very obvious why it was dead at 6pm in downtown Scottsdale. If they ever want to survive they need to do a 180 degree turn. My recommendation would be to walk around the corner to The Mission.
5	I really enjoyed this place! The chicken chimi I had was absolutely fantastic! The people were ridiculously nice and the salsa was obviously fresh.. Totally delicious
1	I went there last night with a large party (10). You would think they would see a larger group and be excited and or a least kind. However everyone was pretty short and rude. We decided to stay and try out the food, even the the table was messy and the menus were greasy. All of which should have been warning signs of what was to come. What we received should not be called Mexican food. We had hot plates but cold rice and lukewarm food. When we informed our waitress of the issue she stated she would get us more rice which she did. However she didn't take the plate back, she provided us a plate to put the cold rice AFTER we had asked for the plate in which to do that. I personally ordered the Carne with an Enchilada and it was the WORSE enchilada I've ever had. I've made better ones using canned chile. The steak tasted like rubber and was very chewy. There was 0 consistency with the food seeing as though 3 people ordered the same meal and none looked or tasted the same. I live in Phx now and i was hoping to show my family a decent spot for some Mexican food. I was extremely disappointed in this place and will never go to it again nor will I recommend it. If you're thinking of coming here just go to chipotle or even Taco Bell, it will be cleaner and the food will be done with pride.
5	They are now are favorite restaurant and we eat here at least once a week.  The food is amazing, I send all of my clients here.  Service is great as long as you don't get seated in the lounge area.  If you get there after 7 on a weekend you will have a wait to be seated anywhere, but it is worth it!
3	Ventured to Los Olivos on a Wednesday evening after finding out about them on a happy hour app for my iphone. The happy hour specials looked good enough to try a new place in Scottsdale. Got my boyfriend to try it with me, seeing as we both have a deep love for Mexican food! When we got there we were seated promptly, and the place has a real authentic feel to it. I think it's family owned? Our waitress was not super friendly, and told me the only item on happy hour was the house margarita- no food on happy hour (so I was misinformed). We decided to stay anyways and try it out. I had the house margarita for happy hour which ended up being $3.50 so not bad. Imagine the size of a wine glass, that's what the margarita came in basically. It tastes like an average house margarita. But no complaints, I had already figured it probably would. The chips and salsa were amazing! A chunky salsa and a hotter sauce as well; I wanted to eat the whole basket. We got a cheese crisp to start, and you can never go wrong with a cheese crisp! I ordered a shredded beef taco plate (2 beef tacos with rice and beans). The tacos were good, nothing extraordinary but I would get them again. The Spanish rice and refried beans were delicious and I was really happy with those. Overall, the food was decent and the service was subpar. I like trying to support local and independently owned joints, but honestly for what I had I would probably just go back to macayos.
5	I've been going to Los Olivos Patio since the dawn of time. This family has been in the neighborhood since the early 1960's. I've always enjoyed the Margaritas and the Quesedillas. The food is authentic and tastes as good as it reads on the menu. Anytime family members come into town for visits or vacations they always ask to go to Los Olivos. Enough said. This restaurant is amazing.
4	I really enjoy the atmosphere here. I attend their happy hour every other week. Now I just go on Tuesdays since it's 2 dollar taco night. If you like authentic Mexican food in a family owned restaurant this is the place to go. I never sit in the dinning area, always at the bar. Service is fast and the bar tenders are great. Happy hour is from 4 to 7 pm with 2$ coronas and 4$ well drinks, and they will even give you the remote for the TVs.
2	Los Olivos has obviously stopped trying. The food was below average, even by gloppy Mexican food standards.  Our party of 12 was served efficiently and with warmth by the staff. Lovely people. But most of the food is just ok. Everyone liked the cheese crisps, which were on very thin, crispy tortillas. The beef burrito was beef and a tortilla -- nothing else; very bland. I had the fish taco. Rubios is far better. Combo plates are in the $12-15 range, which I think is robbery for food this average. If you're craving 70s Mexican food, with soupy refried beans, gobs of cheese, this might be your place.
1	We used to be occasional happy customers, for probably the past 20 years or so, but had not been to Los Olivos for quite some time. Thought we would try it again.  We have been there in the past, this time of year, when you had to wait for a table. The place was not busy. What a disappointing dining experience this was. Upon entering we were rudely asked if we wanted the bar, or a table.....by someone I assume was part of the family. He looked like he was dressed to go work out at the gym. I asked for a table. We followed him to the dining room where he threw 2  menus on the table and left.Our server...an older woman that I'm sure has been there for many years....arrived, and asked if we wanted anything to drink. I ordered soda. My Hubby ordered a beer. She said someone would bring chips, salsa, water, and soda.  That person, the 'bus girl', I guess....was so stone faced and unfriendly...and practically grunted, when we said 'thank you'. No smile. Nothing. Just her demeanor screamed that she did not enjoy her job, and would gladly be anywhere else.The server returned with the beer. I ordered chicken chimi, with green sauce...rice and beans. Hubby asked for ground beef chimi, with red sauce....rice and beans.We finished the chips before the meal arrived. No one asked if we wanted more chips. Again, we would have paid extra for more chips. Hubby finally got the server's attention to order another beer. She forgot. He had to ask again.The food arrived. The server did not bother to ask if we wanted sour cream, or guacamole....as would be common in most Mexican restaurants. Nothing. And we would have gladly paid extra for both. Do they not understand how to 'up sell'??? Same with the beer. I was driving...so Hubby would have gladly downed three of them....it they had just offered it.This place needs some new wait staff, for sure. Or perhaps some real training.Both of the chimichangas were dry, bland, and tasteless. Hubby was trying to be nice and just eat his without comment. Finally, I admitted that my chicken chimi was just horrible. The burrito was not fried crisp, and was tough. There was not even a sliver of onion to be found, no seasoning at all. Just ground up 'chicken mush'...with absolutely no flavor. The same with the rice. The beans had a little bit of flavor...not much. Hubby confessed his chimi was also tasteless.Still no offer of another drink, more chips, nothing.The 'bus girl' cleared the plates away. The server came by and snatched the empty basket the chips had been in. Not a word.  No....'how was your dinner?'  Or....'can I get you anything else?'  Or...'would you care for another drink, more chips'?  She just disappeared. Finally, she brought  the check. Two women standing behind the front counter were talking in Spanish, as we left.Neither one looked up,  acknowledged us, or bothered to say 'thanks for coming in', 'have a nice evening'....nothing. We left....very disappointed. We won't go back. I don't know how they stay in business. Obviously, they just don't care about the customer anymore.
4	Visiting from northern cal. This was a great restaurant in old town Scottsdale. My wife had the fish tacos and I had the carne asada. Both very good. I wish we had a place like this where we live.
4	The food here is typical mexican food and good, but nothing I would rave about. Nothing to complain about either. I really come here for the great location and unique building. My daughter loves sitting by the fish tank and I always seem to find a new place to get a great picture of her every time I visit. There really are quite a few very good spots for taking pictures. Service is good and this place reminds me of what Mexican places were like when I was a kid which is not a bad thing:) I'm looking forward to sitting at the little bar or in the open air lounge and having a margarita one day when I make the trip kid free.
4	In my opinion you don't get better Mexican food than Los Olivos.It is fun to get the Old Town Scottsdale feel and it really has a pretty outdoor area.A little bit of a sketchy part of town, but the food is definitely worth it. The wait staff can sometimes be cranky, and the restaurant a little dirty but it is wonderful authentic Mexican food.The Tamales and Enchiladas are out of this world.One down side is that they start charging you for chips after basket number 2, which is a disappointment but the food is still worth it to me. Decently priced too. I would definitely recommend anyone who loves authentic Mexican food to go here.
5	We come to Scottsdale every December and Los Olivos is on our 'must eat at' list. Excellent beans, rice, tortillas, steak picado, and enchiladas.
3	Let me start by saying this. I have heard about this restaurant nonstop for a year now from a co worker who raves about this place. Its not in my neighborhood but finally decided to try it out when I saw a groupon for it online. We made our way east yesterday with high expectations and an empty stomach. First off, kind of strange location. Maybe its just me, we live downtown phx not old town Scottsdale. Its stuck between hospitals and out patient clinics, just off Scottsdale road. Parking is tight, you'll have to walk around the building to enter. The building is old, but beautiful in an old Spanish charm kind of way. Cute, fine we'll enter. Right when you walk in it states to wait to be seated. And that's exactly what we did. We waited....and waited some more. They were definitely not busy, from what I saw. When we were finally seated, it was at an extremely small table against a wall. Figured I could make it work, it was me and a 5 year old. A gentleman brought us chips and salsa, and I saw something was a little odd. The salsa was brought out in these tall narrow pouring things that you cannot fit a chip in to dip. Once I looked around, I realized they did not provide bowls either, so here I was pouring salsa on an appetizer plate making a bigger mess than the kid was!I had scanned the menu online prior to driving out there because im terribly picky and take too long to decide, causing my kindergartener to get irritated. I decided after previewing it that I would get Pollo a la Queso Crema ((a flour tortilla stuffed with chicken breast, deep fried and topped with seasoned cream cheese & melted cheeses, served with beans & rice)) Yes, that's directly copied and pasted from their menu. Sounds good right. Well holy heck it better be for 15 BUCKS! My cheap self cringed at that amount (terrible I know). Good thing I had bought a groupon so it was discounted. The kiddo got the kids combo, a beef taco and enchilada, with rice and beans. I decided to try a blended house margarita, crossing my fingers it wasn't going to cost me $10 bucks, the liquor prices are conveniently never on the menus right!!!The waitress was extremely prompt, and friendly...older lady. She was very pleasant. The food was good, and decent portion. Overall though, I would not come out of my way to eat here again, and definitely wouldn't pay menu price. If I came across another groupon for them, I suppose I would visit again. If you live in the area, and arnt as cheap as me, then yes I recommend it.
4	I've been going to Los Olivos for years now and it's still one of my favorites. No matter what you get it's great! Service is great as well. There is a reason this restaurant has been opened as long as it has and attracts the crowds it does. Great homemade mexican food, great drinks, and great location (both locations have great food and service).Certainly worth a try if you haven't been.
5	Best chips and salsa, plus great house margaritas. It gets busy in the weekends with locals and tourists, but it's never too long a wait. All the food is tasty so try something new to you.
5	Very good Mexican food here!  In fact, my group went here twice within 24 hours. Get their cheese crisp, it's a tortilla pie that has hot cheese on it. They have good margaritas and the food is greasy and good!
1	I would give zero. This is by far the worst Mexican place ever. They increased prices and the service is so deplorable... I hope this place goes under soon!
5	We went here on a recommendation from the cashier at one of the store and we were pleasantly surprised!!    On a Monday night the place was packed!   That can't be a bad thing I thought, right? I had a chili releno and it was one of the best I've ever had.     Every item our group ordered was great.   The beans and rice were perfect.  The salsa was very fresh and hot.   Little bit to much for me but I'm wimpy.  Prices are very reasonable.    Good portions for prices.If you want good food I'd totally recommend going here.   If I'm back in Scottsdale I'm definitely going back!!
5	Our family has been coming to Los Olivos for as long as I've been alive. A true Scottsdale landmark. Their tamales are fresh made and delicious, and their chile relleno is among the best I've had. Despite its popularity, it still has the feel of a family run restaurant. On the down side, I feel their drinks are over-iced, and their fish tacos are not the best. I also don't care for the shredded beef they use, but maybe that's just because I'm used to ground beef. Check it out!
