4	I remembered to review this because I just read my dad's.Yes, my tostada was really good. I am a sucker for a good tostada and I don't think I've had one since August (or the last time I went to Rancho Del Zocalo in Disneyland, which is still in the summer). I didn't get to try my dad's burrito, but I don't really care for beans so I guess it's all good.Cafe Rio is all over Utah (which is pretty full of Mormons and Polygamists [they ARE NOT the same thing, people! Trust me; I have but one mom]). Since a lot of people have moved to Vegas back when the economy didn't suck, some rich dude was like, "Hey, I could go for some Cafe Rio right now but I don't want to drive to Saint George particularly".The food is really good and the location is really nice (brand new), but if you don't want to hear the employees shout "EXTRA CHEESE!!!!" every five minutes or listen to Elvis Presley, I'd get it to go. Dad, do you think that if we did that, then Peter wouldn't have been so whiny (he wanted In-N-Out)?
4	My husband and I love this place... especially since it is right up the road from us!  I always go for the Grilled Chicken Taco combo plate and my husband loves the steak burrito that is ginormous!  They give my 15 mth old a free cheese quesedilla too!  You ahve your choice of pinto or black beans with your combo plates and they serve Horchata :) YUMMY!!  A little spendier than most Mexican places but worth every penny!!
4	This place is great, the food taste fresh, the ingredients are all good quality, portions are huge, everything is flavorful, and the tortillas are delicious.  I usually get the shredded pork burrito enchilada style and it's awesome.  The pork is in a sauce that reminds me of mexican BBQ sauce and the burrito is huge and the 3 enchilada sauce choices are all good.  Shredded chicken with the green sauce is a good combo too.  Try the chips with cheese, you get a big ol' cup of cheese sauce that has some great chile flavor but isn't to spicy and the chips are good.  The tostada salad is also tasty.  I am from northern california and on every corner there are mom and pop burrito places and SOME of those places make a burrito that is magical, I have been missing that for years in Vegas.  While this is not the best burrito ever it is hands down the best burrito I have had in vegas so it gets 4.5 stars.
4	Great food and a great price.  Always fresh and tasty.
3	This is a favorite restaurant of my daughter who lives nearby.There were four in our party - the first three were served by a gentleman who was very generous with everything put on their salad including the mahi mahi.Because they ran out of mahi mahi, I was served by the woman who was cooking it, and she was just as cheap with her servings as her coworker was generous.I wondered if anyone would notice my small salad when I got to our table, but they were too "into" their delicious meals.
4	i like the Tuesday special of coconut shrimp tacos with a mango sauce.  Good portions.  Sauces are delicious.  meat is nice and moist.  tortillas are tasty and fresh. just be careful because they will try to add on stuff, like if you want guacamole or extra sauce. they don't tell you some of the stuff is an extra .95 cents until they ring you up at the cash register.
4	I've been to five Cafe Rio locations and I've decided that they all equally deserve my Yelp love. Yes it is a chain. But, in my humble opinion at least, their food is spectacular. I usually order a burrito with enchilada sauce. It never disappoints.My friends and I particularly like this location after a hike at Mt Charleston.
4	I finally visited the Cafe Rio by my house after so many visits to the one close to work. This restaurant is equally gratifying. The bbq pork burrito is one of my faves served enchilada style with the green sauce! It's like bbq sauce and pulled pork inside a tortilla. The salmon tacos are delectable as well.  It's a fast convenient lunch if you're in the area, they may get busy but the service is fast paced and efficient.
4	This place is great, it's the panda express of mexican food with respect to the ordering and making of your meal.  Very reasonable and tasty. They have specials everday which include your beverage and a bit lower in price than the menu fare. Pay specal attention to the prep of your order, staff will ask you if you want additional items, pico de callo is good. Served up in an aluminum container, so you can take it to go, or just sit for a bit and watch the constant flow of patrons come/go. Place has outdoor seating w/ misters. This valley is rife w/ Mexican restaurants, this is a very nice addition. It's not gormet, but it's really good...you will enjoy it..
1	Hated it.  I don't know what else to say. I never ever send food back. Maybe three times in my life. I asked them to remake my burrito, and they did. Which was nice of them, but the next one was just as gross. I am not a fan.
4	Met a friend here for lunch at her suggestion.  She'd never been but heard it was good.  I had a mild cheese enchilada and she had a pork tostada salad of some sort.My enchilada was nothing short of amazing.  It was flat out the best enchilada I've ever had, and I've eaten a lot of mexican food.  I'll eat non-authentic "mexican" food and enjoy it, but it is what it is, and I always enjoy the "real" thing much, much more.  This, however, was excellent.We also ordered the chips and guacamole, which was about par for the course.  This restaurant is a step below Chipotle and a couple of steps above Baja Fresh in taste, speed, atmosphere, cleanliness, etc.I will definitely eat here again.
5	You know after listening to the music last nite late 60's/70's. It would be really cool if they could add some brownies to the desert menu, everyone would be feeling fine...and their profits would soar!!!
4	My wife and I used to live near the cafe rio located near where Eastern met the 215 and it was always awesome food. Now we live in a new place and luckily we found that it is fairly close to yet another cafe rio! Yay! It is real strange though seeing it located in such an empty shopping center... it is such a stark contrast to the other location which can be an insane mind numbing experience when it comes to finding parking. Not surprising though considering it is such a small lot with some really awesome food spots... *ahem* Nelson's Frozen Custard anyone? Anyway, back to cafe rio! lol.Food is pretty good here, though they do tend to make the occasional errors ... forgetting a lime here or there, no guacamole, etc. Never anything huge though, and if you point it out politely to them they will fix it immediately without problem. Customer service has always been a big thing for us and it is probably one of the things that constantly brings us back here. NEVER have we had a problem with the employees or their service, they have always been super kind and helpful! Our favorites are the salads, typically we get without rice or beans and just ask for extra lettuce and pico. My wife usually can't finish and I just barely squeek by, lol. Huge portions and with the giant homemade flour tortillas it is a very satisfying meal. Occasionally I'll get a burrito if I'm in the mood for more carbs. The hottest sauce they put on the burritos isn't all that strong, so if you want something more spicy make sure to grab one of the sauces from next to the drinks for that extra kick in the pants. If you want to try something a bit different though you can always try the daily specials! Every day but sunday is a different unique item, monday is chile rellanos for example and you won't find it on the menu any other time. The specials come with a drink included with the price. Lastly, make sure you get a stamp card if you plan on coming back, 10 stamps and you get a free meal plus drink! lol, my wife and I already have 2 meals saved up for a special occasion when we are REALLY broke!
5	I'm seriously a "Cafe Rio Addict" in need of a 12 step program.  No joke.  We've lived in Vegas for 4+ years and it took me 3 years to find Cafe Rio...wow, how did that happen?  Since the first bite of their shredded chicken, I've been hooked.  I get their chicken tacos or their chicken enchiladas....always.  As a family, we share chips and queso fairly often and that's always yummy too.I LOVE the punch card program they have....we rack up free meals regularly!  Love that!Customer service is almost always fabulous.  I can only think of a couple of times that we had less than awesome service and each time I was thrown off because its just so out of place there. Give them a try....you won't be sorry!
5	LOVE this place!!!  Lived in Vegas for a year and went all the time just recently moved back up to Seattle and miss the heck out of it.  Always got the pork barbacoa salad.  So so good!  Staff are also very helpful and seem to be having a good time.  Its quick and fresh.
4	I love the Pork here! The best Cafe Rio is still the best with a full service Drink bar. They charge extra for the Horchata and Lemonade here. So sososo good though with the best quesadilla ever. Pass on the chips and salso though.
3	Since I have only been to Cafe Rio Mexican Grill on two occasions I am going to keep this review as short as possible. If the score was based on food alone, Cafe Rio would slide by with five stars. Unfortunately my scores are based on service, price, and cleanliness too. Las Vegas, we have a problem.Sure I'd rather eat at Cafe Rio than Baja Fresh, On The Border, and Lindo Michoacan (pardon spelling if wrong, I don't care enough to look up that over-priced mess-taurant's name up). But the problem is that the staff (including the cooks) are rude and the place is dirty. I remember several months ago when I had to drive by the place everyday there were stacks of boxes and garbage in the back. I've worked in restaurants for years and we always broke down the boxes. There is a specific bad experience that one of my family members had at this location with some of the cooks. None of your business.If all you care about is good Mexican food, go to Cafe Rio. But heed my warning that you might be paying a lot of money to fill your stomach if you are anything like me. The perfect (well... maybe not PERFECT) Friday Night : Marvin Gaye, candles, and a sweet pork barbacoa taco from Cafe Rio Mexican Grill.
5	A cut above other fast Mexican concepts, Cafe Rio is always a favorite place of mine to eat at.When you enter the line the first thing you will see are the fresh tortillas being made by hand.  While 3-4 will be spinning on the wheel getting delicious, the rest will be in some form from dough mixing in a blender to partitioned lumps being prepared for the heat.  The end result is always fantastic.The pork barbacoa is the signature meat here and its a favorite with most I know who eat here regularly.  It has a very unique sweetness to it that goes well in any form you choose to have it, be it a salad, burrito or even nachos.  You really can't go wrong with the other choices but the pork barbacoa offers the most memorable experience.They have mild, medium and hot sauces here for your dish.  The mild is basically salsa verde and as a tomatillo fan its something I opted for often.  The medium is an oddly sweet but warm sauce, and the hot is your typical red.  If you like a side dish, the chips and queso is also very good.  The queso is given in a very nice quantity along with a metric ton of fresh chips that aren't too salty.  Holds up well if you get it to go as the cheese will still be very hot when you get it to your table.If you opt to order extra meat the entire staff will yell out "Exxxxxxtra Meat!!" which can be fun.My favorite meal from here would be the fire grilled steak burrito, enchilada style with extra meat. with chips and queso on the side.  Mild sauce for a tomatillo day, hot sauce for a flavor enhancer mood.  They also offer a loyalty punch card program, so if you frequent it you will get free meals periodically which is a plus.
5	So yummy. I love it!  I recommend the pork.
4	I like this place. Big portions of tasty food for a reasonable price.
4	Yummie and healthy, the pork bar be que is sweet and not hot.  Get it on a salad.  Drink prices are a little for bottled stuff, get a fountain.  All food is fresh and hot, the only problem is the seating - not enough, and not horribly comfortable.
4	Great place to eat , good food , quick and easy! All of family loves it!
3	The food is delicious and amazing. The service, not so much. I am never greeted with a smile but rather rushed through and these employees seem to think they can predict what you want on your food and slap it on there until the words can escape your mouth. Sahara location is much better.
4	I tend to like more traditional Mexican food and the first couple times I went here I wasn't that impressed, but I have so many friends that love Cafe Rio I gave it one more chance.  It was that day that I discovered the Pork Barbacoa, and when I did the clouds parted as rays of sunshine poured down on me while harps lightly played.  Really, it's THAT GOOD!  Since then I've had the pork in a salad, in a burrito, and my favorite, in the enchiladas.  As far as the other meats, they're good but not outstanding, and the service is just average, nothing stellar but not bad either.  It also can get very crowded, but the pork is worth it all!
4	Tried this place out for the first time yesterday and enjoyed the food.  We stood back and figured out what we wanted and let some other people go in front of us so we didn't hold up the line.  Not a big line anyways when we went.  There was a woman making tortillas as we were about to order.  I thought that was cool to see that they make their own.  I ordered two tacos with the chili roast beef.  I definitely enjoyed them and wow they are big!  I was like how do you eat these?  I wasn't a fan of the wild rice but did enjoy the black beans.  I also enjoyed the fresh made tortillas with my tacos.  My friend ordered a burrito enchilada style and wow it was so big!  She couldn't finish it all.  We also did chips and quac and I thought they tasted very good.We didn't feel rushed and the service seems pretty similar to how you order at Chipotle or Zabas.  Not an issue for me.  The place was clean and relaxing.  I definitely am going to visit this place again.  New place is found.
2	food is nice yet if you want to substitute the rice in your dish for extra beans, the sever ( who is a girl) will give ya a stink face and a little bit of beans. change your face or we wont come back.
3	I prefer Cafe Rio over Chipotle, Qudoba, etc. I feel like the quality of the food has gone down a little bit from about a year ago. I frequest this location about once a week with my daughter for a little ladies lunch outting. My Daughter loves the Kids quesadilla. I generally order a salad. What sells me the most is they have both Coke Zero and Diet Dr. Pepper. I have a small addiction to soda and they have both types I enjoy, LOL.
3	I give this place (& I call it a place because the staff is unfriendly as HECK!!) 3 stars because I did order the right menu item but didn't have any warm & fuzzy feeling like they want you to come back. They figured everyone wants to eat here. Not a problem, there is only 1 staff member that actually greets a customer & she isn't a server; she's a custodian !! Food good , ambience good, service sucks & expects the customer to "be here". Not a great feeling.
3	This isn't authentic Mexican food, but it is very fresh and pretty good. The beans are excellent and their sauces are great. The food is made right in front of you, which is awesome, but the lines can get very long and when they do, if you have a plate going through the oven to warm, it might come out half warmed up. A few times this has happened with my cheese enchiladas, with the cheese inside being only half melted and the rest still cold shreds. It's pretty pricey for what you get, but they do have a punch card for every ten meals you buy you get one free thing.
5	Excellent service. Excellent food!
3	I am struggling to find the positives in Cafe Rio.  Since I have no issues listing the negatives, I'll start there.First, the interior of the restaurant.  I appreciate what it wants to be looking kind of beach shack meets TexMex but seating is an issue.  There is plenty of it but the restaurant is not big enough.  People are squeezing between chairs and walls just to get to one of the few available tables.  Not too comfortable.  I have a problem with the menu too.  It lists the options and gives a price but not much else.  It gives a starting price and shows you meat options but most options are an extra charge.  What I really wanted would have brought my burrito and fountain drink to well over $10.  For a fast food place? Get real.  So I got the pulled chicken because it was cheaper.  I was disappointed with it.  The chicken was too salty.  The beans in my burrito were good but the rice reminded me of cheap instant rice.  It was not as good as the rice at Chipotle.  The burrito on the whole was alright.  It was big and filling though I've tasted better.  Furthermore, I like to be able to pick up  my burritos and eat with my hands.  I cannot do that at Cafe Rio.  The burritos are rolled loose and are rather saucey.  Too hard to eat with the hands, that is for sure.On to the positives.  I like the ice at the soda fountain.  And the iced tea was good.  As I mentioned before, the burrito was filling.  That is a mark in the win column.  I like that the tortillas and most everything else is made fresh.  I like that you can see it being made fresh.Overall, this is not my favorite place for a burrito.  I would rather go to Chipotle or Q'Doba.  In my opinion, they are better and even a little more affordable.
3	Like the chicken, love the drink fountain because a person can refill horchata: nobody gives free refills on horchata.
4	The food was delish,  but after asking if they offered gluten free chips and/or tortillas the world shuttered and they had no idea as to what I was referring to. Four people later, including a supervisor on duty and we finally got a less than definite answer.Thankfully, there was a lady in line behind us that DID know.  Good Grief!  Learn what's in your food people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  The only reason you're getting 4 stars is because the food is bomb!  Customer service was crap.
5	Love this place!!
3	Nothing special to brag about here. Try it for yourself it good but it doesn't beat Chipotle. I liked it.
4	I like to have lunch here after getting my nails done. The Chicken Tortilla Soup is amazing and a good fill up without making you feel gross.
3	This place has pretty good pork tacos, but it's a bit on the pricey side.Speaking of side, the sides that they serve you with the meals are lacking. Wish you could get your money's worth out of this place.I think if I was really craving mexi food I'd come back here, but due to it's price to proportion ratio, it's not some place I'd frequently visit.
5	First we time we tried it we felll in love.  Been back a couple of more time just as good as the first.  Definitely on a our go to list
4	I was a little skeptical at first because I am accustomed to good Mexican food coming from California. The grilled chicken salad was delicious especially topped off with the tomatillo dressing. Green & creamy is the one you want. The staff was friendly and even hooked it up with a free drink since they put pulled chicken in my salad when I wanted the grilled.
5	Homemade taste, restaurant quality. Salsa is one of the best anywhere
5	Pork barbacoa taco, pinto beans and rice with a side of guac...nuf' said.  I crave this...a lot.  My kids-two teens-devour the chicken nachos!Great place if you are out shopping or running errands and don't want drive thru..
3	No. This is not authentic Mexican food. Did you really expect it to be? I don't get the obsession with this place either. This chain is extremely popular in Utah and everytime I visit I struggle to see why. I consider this place a few notches below chipotle. And here's why:1. The wait. Cafe Rio does the exact same thing as Chipotle. Make a burrito, a salad, or quesadilla. How long does it take to throw some toppings in a silver bowl? At most I've waited 5 min to make a burrito at Chipotle. Cafe Rio, I've been in line 15 min before I can even order. 2.  My blood pressure rises every time I've eaten here. Can we say salty food?? The rice, the pulled chicken. Lay off the salt!! 3. Ok I'll give you an extra star for giving me a scoop of guacamole. Including it in the price is a good idea. 4. How much was my salad?! $8?! Wow. This is the most expensive salad ever. Do you think layering the bottom of the bowl with a tortilla warrants an extra $2 more than a chipotle salad?!So basically, this is an expensive fast food joint where the food is so-so. I guess if there aren't any other options it'll do. The service is extremely slow.
5	mmmm my mouth is drooling as i think about their salads.  Yummo.  Can't wait to come back.  Love the fact their employees do not get upset as I ask tons of questions trying to figure out what to eat.  Their veggies are fresh and their portions are huge. I found my new salad spot.
3	The only thing I really get here is the salad with grilled steak.  It's pretty big and like that you can get it with shredded lettuce.  Other than that, everything else I have tried has not been as good as Chipotle's offerings.
4	Fast, friendly, and fresh.I can only compare this place to Chipotle, but with more greens. The flavors are super fresh, and the combination of ingredients is fairly well put-together, and it should be because you choose them.It might be a year before I can visit one again in Vegas, but I'll definitely be back.
5	Always good ! Always fast. Even when packed. Better than any other Mexican food in the area.
4	"Nobody goes there, it's too crowded."Darn, I like the food at Cafe Rio.  Big servings, wonderful flavor, quality ingredients.  And the freshly made tortillas are beyond compare.  It's just wonderful.  If I were to rate the place purely on the food, it would be 5 stars.Unfortunately, I've got to knock off a star for other factors.  First, even though I said big servings were a positive, they're also a negative.  I have no idea how single people eat here.  The wife and I always split a meal because there's no way we could each eat one of anything not on the child's menu.  Yet, we see bajillions of these young, thin women in there with meals bigger than their heads.  I have no idea how they do it.  The second negative is that the prices are high.  Yes, big servings of excellent food made with quality ingredients will cost.  But, this is a place where you stand in a long line to order your food and eat it from an aluminum bowl/plate with plastic utensils.  Because we always split a single entree, the prices are fine for us.  But, again, for lone individuals, I think it's a lot of money (but, then, I'm old).  Then, there's the environment:  the place is usually jammed with people and it's unbelievably loud.  It's just an uncomfortable place.So, wonderful food with a few other factors that knock it down by a star.  Still, a very good place to eat.
2	Sitting outside waiting for my husband to order, all the tables are dirty and an employee is sitting at a table with feet up and says to me "you can go inside and tell someone to clean it". Are you that lazy? I have to do your job for you? I hope at least the food is as good as other cafe rio's but so far, this location is pretty dirty, and bad service. Also, the inside seating is very small and very crowded and it's way past the lunch rush.  After eating the sweet pork salad, which I've had enough times to know how good it is, I can say it was pretty bland at this location. They gave very little meat and were very stingy with the rice and beans. This location needs a new staff.
5	I love the salads from here !! Always fresh and their homemade dressings are amazing !!
5	Love Cafe Rio!!!! Compare to the on on Blue Diamond which is the worst place I've been too. I love going to the one near Ann Rd. The service is fast even when busy, the employees is helpful, nice and they never seem to run out of the queso cheese dip (my daughters favorite... She dips her quesadilla in it).
2	Definitely and i mean DEFINITELY NOT authentic mexican food..  I had a burrito it was whatever. I did finish it but only because I was really hungry.
4	Wish Tracy was here ;) I'm trying something new today,  it's the chicken tosada salad. It's the special today and worth the price. I usually am a creature of habit and get the sweet pork barbacoa salad that's fantastic!  They have kid choices if that suits your needs and there are always kids in this place.  I find it over stimulating at times with kid noise. So definitely not a peaceful meal if that's what you need. Food quality is very good and certainly worth it!
5	This is my favorite place to eat.  Be sure to order the cilantro house dressing and put it on whatever it is you order.  I prefer the pork over the chicken or steak.  If you order the tostada with a soft tortilla you will get the perfect size version of a cafe Rio salad for a much smaller price point.  The regular size salads are huge!  My kids live this place too.
1	Really???? I have been craving coconut shrimp taco Tuesday night....!  Get there at 8:30, and they ran out!???? What a bust!
4	Always great!!!!! Yummy!!!Never had anything we did not like. Join the card savings and get one free after you buy 10.
3	Their burritos end up too soggy and compared to their menu what I was served didn't even come close. Workers bust their butt to ensure nobody waits too long but the quality of food is average, it's fast food quality so don't expect a food epiphany.
3	It really isn't as great or high praised as people make it seem. It's expensive for the little food they give you. They give you little food, and hella lettuce to make it look big and full but it really isnt a lot. Youll get full off the lettuce alone and even then theres so little rice and beans that you'll be able to eat that too. Its very loud incredibly crowded and busy. If you do get the nachos, it seems to be the only thing they actually give you a lot of.
3	This place is okay. It didn't wow me or anything. Just a pretty run-in-the-mill place in my opinion. It was way too crowded for my liking. I stood in line for about 5 minutes before I even got to order my food. They give you a bowl 2-3 times the size of chipotle but instead of filling it with rice, beans, meat, and the salad items, they skimp on the rice and beans and pound it with lettuce. The shredded chicken was good but nothing special. Honestly this place is okay but it's not a must try or anything.
5	I just have to say that this location always exceeds my expectations. I also have to add that I am very glad to have this location in our area of town as it's worth the few extra minutes out of my way if it means avoiding the customer service abuse from the N. Decatur/215 location.Last week was my most recent visit. I was completely wow'd. So I'm making my way home and decide I don't feel like cooking so I call up this location and place a phone order with 3 meals. Two problems though...I just picked up my furchild from Camp Bow Wow, and it's sweltering hot outside. How am I going to go inside and pick up this food? Surely I am not aloud to bring her inside with me and surely I would never leave her in the car under the weather conditions. I sat in the parking lot contemplating  should I take her home and come all the way back or do I see if I can seek out a good citizen to watch my pup for a few min while I run inside and pay? NO! I can't do any of those things, am I crazy? No I'm not, just hungry. While sitting in the parking lot with my pup, I place a call to the restaurant. A super nice girl answers the phone, and I really wish I remembered her name so I couldShout her out! I explained my situation and ask if there is any way they can bring my food to the car? She said YES without hesitation. She even acknowledged my pup and said hello to her when she came out to the car. So to end this long story I was super stoked that this location just continues to be so awesome and provided above and beyond service to me and my pup. PLUS...my order was RIGHT!!! SCORE!Add on from a previous visit on different date: I order all our food, get to the counter to pay, and realize my wallet is missing. It's dinner time rush. So embarrassed and with people waiting behind me, I ask the cashier if there  is anyway I can call my bf and get his cc # to pay over the phone. She says sure no problem (I think she could see my embarrassment and worried look). How awesome was that? They totally could have turned me away. Again with the above and beyond! :)
5	I was pleasantly surprised by this place! I'm a Texan so I'm always skeptical when my Vegas relatives suggest Mexican food. :) The portions were big and delicious! Also the cheese dip and salsa were amazing!
2	I used to really like this place... But I must say I have converted to chipotle. Cafe rio is much less healthy than chipotle and since I am allergic to gluten, there is almost nothing gluten free on the menu. Even the rice and beans have gluten in them! There is no reason for there to be gluten in rice or beans. I guess they put a lot of extra stuff in their food.
5	This Cafe Rio is pretty consistent with their food. Shredded chicken burrito was very good. Employees were friendly and happily brought us our dessert while we were at our table. They were too busy to make it while we were at the register.
1	Placed an online order.  They needed this up so bad. We ordered fire grilled nachos, a kids meal chicken quesodillo, 8 Oz guacamole and 8 Oz quesodillo. They completely forgot the guacamole and the queso, and didn't include any of the extras that come with the kids meal. I call and Chris answers and makes me wait. When he comes back he hums and hahs, but can't figure out a solution. His response is to come back next time and they will refund it, I asked if we were supposed to just rely on them at a future date. He also verified the sides that come with the kids meal (lettuce and Pico De gallo) but then started we should have added them as extras?!?! So they are part of the meal but we should have ordered them separate? Has to be the worse case of incompetence I've ever seen. I will definitely never return to ANY cafe Rio and will discourage others!
4	Great portions if you are hungry or want to share. It gets pricey if you want extra guacamole or a beverage. The average meal is $10.00 I don't mind spending this much on a meal because the quality is there. The ingredients are fresh and the service is almost always fast (unless a large to-go receipt prints out when you walk up to order.)
5	My brother and I love it here! The portions are huge and the sweet pork is to die for! They also have a lot of home made drinks. Their strawberry lemonade is amazing and I couldn't tell it was sugar free. Make sure you are very hungry when you do visit because I mean it when I say the portions are huge. I ordered my usual of the sweet pork salad. It has rice, beans (your choice), sweet pork, and your choice of toppings. All in a tortilla bowl! Definitely something to try with extra of their guacamole ranch sauce.
1	We had dinner last night at CR, my daughters wanted cheese quesadillas and they still charge $8, dinner for all of us was $35. I will say that the food was good, but not at the price and style(this is a sit down price) As we left it reinforced how great Chipotle is. I hope not to return. Do yourself a favor and drive somewhere else.
4	Great place always packed cause irs good just wish it wasnt always so packed so there is a small down side to this place easy quick menu always with a todays special.
5	Great customer service. If you have to wait, they give you a free drink. This location is much better some of the others I've been to.
5	I go here at least once a week. No matter what time you go there's always a long line but considering the quality of their food the line goes by fairly quickly. Wide array of choices and ordering is kind of hectic but all the employees are accommodating. The food is always delicious(kind of pricy but you get what you pay for). The place is always clean and it's very easy to take your food togo(trust me you'll want to)!
