4	Like Stephanie, I received one of these amazing goody bags!! I was amazed at the quality of products so I decided to pop along and check this place out!I wasn't disappointed, it's a lovely little cafe, really organic-feeling and has a lovely atmosphere. I sat and had a coffee here and watched the world go by. Unlike most chain stores, I didn't feel under any pressure and wasn't hassles every few minutes. It was lovely!!
4	To be honest, this isn't really a shop you come in for a cheap spot of lunch and a quick snack in order to satisfy a grumbling stomach - it's a shop you come to if you are after that something that is a little bit special, something with a touch of uniqueness to it.  You see the goods sold here are something special - from lovingly made jams to brownies that will make your heart melt in anticipation made just perfect so you can enjoy them as much as possible.  However, as always when you find something that good and a cut above the rest there is a catch.  Unless you are buying a few items from here as a one off, say a gift or a treat, then unless you are loaded and able to spend your money as if it really did grow on trees then you won't be able to come here very often, simply because you won't be able to afford it.  That said, this shop is very good at what it does.
5	A fabulous addition to the Old Town, The Edinburgh Larder is an independent cafe and deli that opened in late 2009. Whilst the space is small compared to established businesses like Valvona & Crolla it's clearly a labour of love with all the products produced and sourced from farmers and food makers around Scotland.There's smoked salmon and fish from Belhaven, Rannoch and Deeside Smokehouses, cheese from Stichills, Devenick, Connage Highland and Dunlop Dairies, meat from Great Glen and Peelham Farm, fruit and veg from Belhaven and Phantassie farms, ice cream from Cream of Galloway, wine from Friarwood and beer from Traquair House, Falkirk Tryst and Cairngorm breweries. They also sell tasty home-made jams and chutneys and coffee from Artisan Roast. Prices are slightly higher than other cafes in the area but the produce is clearly good quality and from artisan producers.I was hoping to try one of EL's quiches or veggie platters but unfortunately, the cafe was too busy the afternoon I visited and I had to settle with taking away small slices of goats cheese and oak smoked Devenick. Both were so creamy and moreish, I will definitely be returning to sample one of the business's cheese boards!
5	Effectively a permanent farmer's market, you can tell the quality of the food at the Edinburgh Larder is going to be top-notch even before you step inside. With a lot of organic and veggie options, the whimsical feel of the place is sometimes a bit much for me, but having picked up some of the most tremendous smoked mackerel known to man on a visit here, I'm prepared to overlook that one.It's an excellent lunch spot, but given my grumpy and argumentative demeanour I prefer to lunch alone, and for reasons I can't quite work out solitary dining feels just that bit too awkward in here, even with a paper.
5	I love the Edinburgh Larder! My husband and I went there twice in our short (2.5 days) trip to Edinburgh. Not wanting to eat breakfast at our hotel again, I looked on yelp to find a place close to the hotel. The Edinburgh Larder was just around the corner, so off we went.The place is small but very charming and with a nice-sized menu. For breakfast, I had the Scottish breakfast tea and scrambled eggs with smoked salmon. My husband had a bacon sandwich. Both of us were extremely pleased with the taste and quality of the food. On our way out, we picked up some honey, whiskey jam and gluten-free shortbread biscuits. The biscuits were for me, and I immediately ate one. It was definitely one of the best gluten-free cookies I've had so far, and it melted in my mouth, just like shortbread is supposed to. The honey and jam were for our parents, so I haven't tried them yet, but I'm sure they are as delicious as they look.When we came back for lunch, I had the lamb burger. Delicious! Moist and juicy, very well seasoned. My husband also enjoyed his sandwich, but I was too busy eating my lamb to notice what he was eating. We had good food on our trip, but the two meals we ate here were some of the best. I can't wait to return to Scotland for many reasons, but I'm definitely eating here when I do return.
5	It was just by lucky coincidence that i was staying directly opposite Edinburgh Larder during my stay. And what a find! the food was wonderful, delicious and very fresh. I went for the traditional Scottish breakfast with a pot of Scottish breakfast tea and a Delicious chocolate brownie. Next time in Edinburgh, i'll be popping in again.
5	Simply put, this place is great. Local ingredients of the highest quality.Amazing local treats...  salmon/ smoked fish, cheeses, sausages/ charcuterie, chutneys..A+ breads.. OAT CAKES.. (organic) local salads.. Quiche.. pies.. fresh as can be..Beautiful tea's.. as well as cakes and sweets..Cosy, cool setting without having to be "hip"..  and great people..I could eat here everyday.You should eat here at least once.One of my favorite lunches in the world.. and perfect packing for a summer picnic.It's a true gem.
4	The Edinburgh Larder prides itself on stocking quality local (Scottish) deli produce: cheese, chutney, jams, pickles, oils, beer, wines, sprits, fizz, oat cakes, salami, smoked chicken, hot smoked salmon, tablet, honey, biscuits  and that is just scratching the surface of what they have to offer.But the Edinburgh Larder isn't just a deli, its a cafe and a restaurant (with Eteaket Tea and Artisan Roast coffe). Located on Blackfriars Street (just off the Royal Mile) it is perfectly placed for tourists and workers in the east end of town, and if you find yourself nearby I definitely recommend stopping in for a freshly prepared sandwich or home made soup  so get yourself there and taste what Scotland growers and farmers have to offer!I didn't even know this place existed until a recent Qype beer (Stewarts), cheese and chutney tasting evening. The staff are knowledgeable about their stock, and matched the cheese and chutney with a Stewarts beer for a very tasty experience. The Applewood smoked cheddar was divine, and the fresh chutney, and spicy pumpkin (yes, pumpkin!) chutney, were a revelation! Now that I have discovered this wee gem, I will be back time and time again.Edinburgh Larder can be booked for private functions, and also run a number of events  Nordic dinners, foraging courses, and allotment BBQ's all of which sound delicious and interesting!
5	A very quaint and cosy little place located a stones throw from the Royal Mile. Attending my first Qype event at the Edinburgh Larder I would recommend anyone in the area to swing by for a tasty lunch time treat. You can expect to find a wide variety of cheeses and home made chutney, as well as beer and other alcohols on offer too. A personal favourite cheese of mine at the event being the very tasty smoked applewood cheese. I will need to stop by in the near future to sample this again for sure!The staff really seem to know their stuff and are happy to help with any questions you may have about their products. Overall a little hidden gem that will have to be visited again!
5	Excellent!  This little cafe is only failing in that it isn't bigger and away from the crowds.  It has lovely food, and hard to find products.  One needs to secure a table to enjoy the great tastes.  They have great sandwich deals, salads, soups, and authentic local/Scottish products.
2	Despite the raving reviews this place got on Yelp, I can't say that I was impressed with my experience there. This afternoon I decided to pop by the Larder and, I must admit, my expectations were high. Inside it was lovely, but nearly empty (hey, more room for me!). However, I was greated by the waitress in a very indifferent manner, I kinda felt as if I was disturbing her cleaning/packaging routine.The service was kind of lackadasical but I didn't mind much anticipating great food. Well, that's where I was very disappointed. Don't get me wrong, the food was okay (no hairs in it, no dust on it), kind of. It just wasn't great. I had the pumpkin and goatcheese fritata which came with salad on the side. The fritata was ... well, ... bland really. There is no other word for it. The "salad" on the side was dressed with olive oil, that's it. No vinegar, nothing, just olive oil.The food wasn't horrible, it was just a severe case of "I could do this ten times better at home". What annoyed me was that the plate looked as if someone had spent a great deal of time thinking of what would look pretty, but forgot to actually taste the food for seasoning and flavour.All in all, I wouldn't go here again. It's pricey, and the food was bland to me. (Oh, and did I mention that my fritata was only warmed half-way through? The other side was still cold as it had just come out of the fridge!). Eek!I'd give this a miss, or I just caught them on a really, really bad day!
4	Many many moon agos we went here with a voucher for cake and tea for two. We ended up getting two orders of pork pie and a soup and half a sandwich on top of the tea and cake!All the food was fantastic (hence two orders or pork pie), if the portions not overly large.Great tea menu and a lot of their stuff is made on site and sourced locally.I would happily return!!Review with photos on my blog which can be found on my profile. Happy Eating!
4	coffee is cracking! using artisan roast, fitting with their ethic of using local providers, the flat white i tried was marvelous. rich, soft, robust, round, delicious. perfect temperature, perfect cup size. edinburgh larder is spot on and all foodies (and coffee lovers) will find joy here :)
5	I had a great afternoon tea here recently!  Perhaps the nicest scone I've consumed in quite a while, a very tasty sandwich (venison salami), a pleasant brownie, and a pot of tea, all for a reasonable price.  The place is cozy and clean and I'm already planning to go back again as soon as possible.
4	Big hot latte, a date and walnut scone warmed through in an oven (not a micro) and a dollop of clotted cream and homemade strawberry jam.  Add to that a very happy pregnant lady serving with smiles all round and you've got the perfect recipe for a mid morning 'fly cuppa'. Little bit crowded but great none-the-less.Will be coming back this way again!..........hope she was with child and I haven't made another classic Al faux pas.
4	Lovely hole-in-the-wall cafe with a family feel and great food.Eat in and have cous cous and salad with your sandwich. Coffee was very well-made, and despite the busy atmosphere, the service was great.Lots of goodies on sale: I walked out with a slab of blueberry white chocolate!
5	Was just the most perfect arrival food after a three-leg Trans-Atlantic flight. Had a simple soup and sandwich and couldn't have been happier. Also, there's an open wifi network nearby. Bonus.
5	The soup is great, their sandwiches are excellent, and the place fills you with a sense of innate wholesome goodness. It's really good place!Overall, we said: "it's fair to say that I was rather pleased with my visit to the Edinburgh Larder. They've recently opened a bistro on Alva Street, and I've been promising to visit. This experience will certainly serve to accelerate my plans, as I can think of few places in town that serve such high quality fare, particularly at the very reasonable prices they charge. I'd recommend you pay the place a visit at your earliest convenience. There's a good chance you'll find me there, too, as now that I've finally found it, I suspect I'll be a frequent visitor."
5	I found this place during a massive rain storm.  We stumbled in wet and with twins and the owner and worker were more than inviting.  I had a half bree, tomato and basil sandwich with a cup of a vegetable soup.  My wife had a lamb pot pie that was amazing.  We also ordered tea and shared a scone with cream and jam.  It was one of the better experiences we had in Edinburgh and it really felt homey inside.  This is a great break for something and warm when you are filled to the brim with haggis, fish and chips and everything else deep fried.  Highly recommend this place for lunch or breakfast when you are in Scotland.
5	I don't write reviews much but this one is worth writing about so others can enjoy this place as well. My wife happened on this cozy place on her way to Dovecot Tapestry Studio (worth a look as well if you are visiting Edinburgh). This cafe/deli highlights authentic, local foods in a very casual, friendly atmosphere. The breads on offer are the tastiest I've had ever and do try the traditional Scottish breakfast with the "black pudding" (a kind of blood sausage if you are unfamiliar) which is very good on it's own as well.
4	I needed a pick-me-up after my train journey through to Edinburgh, and The Edinburgh Larder was on the way to where I was headed. It is just off the Royal Mile which meant it was filled with locals rather than tourists. The food is beautifully displayed in a glass cabinet and it was hard to resist buying something to eat. I just had a cup of green tea and enjoyed the relaxing, friendly atmosphere. I also noticed they had a nice selection of local treats like honey and oatcakes to purchase.
2	Had high hopes for my first (overdue?) visit but feel a wee bit let down, the tea was OK the milk was served in espresso cups which dribbled everywhere, the cups were none too clean and the whole place looked un-cared for, the staff paid us almost no heed. The product may be ultra responsble chic but the delivery needs attention.
4	Cute place, cute staff, cute food.CUTE.To the staff: seriously you guys, call me.
4	We ran across this place, just off the Royal Mile.  Very cute.  Truly local sourcing.  Much better than the tourist traps on the main street.  Good vegetarian options.
5	We happened to be staying right near this place and decided to drop in for Sunday breakfast and loved it. The decor is countryish and simple the service is friendly and accomodating and the choice of items on the menu good. I love that fact that a lot of their ingredients are locally sources from Scotland and they have a nice choice of breakfast and lunch items.It was getting really busy shortly after we walked in and they turned away quite a few people and this was before 10am in the morning. That would suggest this place is extremely popular with locals and I can understand why.I had the french toast for breakfast and it was excellent. I wish they served some maple syrup with it instead of the fruit compote but that wont stop me from ordering this dish again. The coffee was good and i also tasted the vegetarian Haggis which was excellent.I would drop in here regularly if I lived in town :-))
5	Great sandwiches ! I got the goat cheese with pickled beet and added (for just a bit more) some chicken !! Soo delicious! Then I had a slice of a lovely apple and cinnamon cake! I could have another slice now ! Umm so good !
3	I had breakfast in the Edinburgh Larder as I left the house with a rush, and no coffee :(The staff were so friendly and welcoming.  A new waitress was learning the tricks as it was her first day and she was nervous, but she did a great job.I had a cappuccino and toast with jam. Now, I never have toast with jam for some reason, so I thought why not have it  now, for a change. Two large slices of toasted granary bread arrived with a little pot of butter and a tiny cute little pot of jam, which, considering its minute proportions, was only half filled. I thought it was a bit odd. Not that I could have asked for more jam, but still.Lovely place, lovely people and nice food. Great stop over for coffee or lunch.
5	Had lunch here after checking into our hostel while staying in Edinburgh. The food was delicious. I had a haggis and steak pasty which was amazing. Great little place. Would go back if I were ever in town again.
5	This was my favorite meal when I went to Edinburgh! I got the veggie breakfast which was veggie haggis, a sunny-side up egg, some delicious bean thing, toast, and possibly other things I'm not recalling. So good! My friend wasn't too hungry so she just got a biscuit, but she said that was really good. The staff were very nice and the place is small and charming. I will be going back if I'm ever in Edinburgh again.
4	They absolutely know what they're doing here. The whole place feels warm and wholesome, and the food seems pretty good for you too. In fact, I uploaded a pic to Yelp of one of the counters and intended to caption in "counter of yumness" but it autocorrected to "counter of thinness"... Realising the counter was laden with fruits and salads, I didn't bother changing it back...I came here for lunch with the lovely Candace B because I'd heard they were pretty good with the whole gluten free thing. I asked what the GF options were on her behalf and was amazed to sit there for no small length of time while our delightful waiter excitably rattled off all the choices. When I came to order my sandwich a little later, he remembered I'd asked and explained with kind concern that the sourdough wasn't GF, whereon I explained that I'd been asking for my companion.The sandwich - chicken with herby mayo - was lovely, although it needed a bit of salt and our salt cellar didn't want to play. That latter bit wasn't really their fault; more likely it was the fault of people who, like me, are too timid to say "excuse me, this salt cellar is empty"... The sandwich also came with a gorgeous beet root and spelt salad, which was really filling. I loved it.The staff couldn't have been more cheery and helpful, a real joy, and a great clientele there too, judging by the young man sitting by the door with a Monkey Island game on the chair beside him. "My cat is called Guybrush, sir," I told him, and sailed out the door without another word, feeling awesome and well fed.
5	This teeny gem offers local food assembled daily, so that their menu of salads and soups rotates based on what is available. I had the chickpea curry, served with fresh sour cream and some greens, and it had my attention. You know sometimes curries hide behind their spiciness, well this was all flavor. The waiter was super cute and shy, which made him absolutely adorable. It was packed with people waiting- for some reason they stuffed themselves inside like their need to be filled was overflowing into a filling of something else. It made the atmosphere slightly rushed if not just claustrophobic, though I support people eating, it just made my meal measurably less satisfying. However, because it is so cute, and the people were all nice, no deduction.
5	We stopped in for a sandwich after reading the menu. Not only did we love our choices (chicken/herb mayo and smoked chicken/chutney and brownie for dessert) but we loved the experience. The staff were super friendly and seemed to really enjoy working here. You don't often see that. We highly recommend this cafe!
5	Just delicious. We dropped in here after a hike to Arthur's seat, and it was so nice to get in somewhere warm and cosy! Love their half soup / half sandwich combo. I also tried their chicken and leek pasty - yum, with an amazing side salad.
4	If Yelp was all about one word reviews, I'd have to go with 'Quality' when it comes to Edinburgh Larder. Thankfully it isn't so i'll continue...It's a very unassuming and unpretentious place. With a rustic, almost 'greasy spoon' feel inside but that's where the similarities with 'greasy spoons' end.The menu offers great variety without overwhelming you with choice (which is a good thing, also with take away options) There's a bias for regional, fresh, quality ingredients; something they're very dedicated to. Exactly what I love best. It focuses on breakfast/brunch/lunch with options ranging from toast, granola and porridge to salads, soups, sandwiches and deli assortments. The passion invested in the food they serve is obvious; chicken from Gartmorn Farm, fresh artisan bread (including GF options) charcuterie from the brilliant Peelham Farm, homemade preserves, chutneys and a well selected range of craft beers from around Scotland. Even hanging a produce map of Scotland on the wall.Overall there is little to fault. It's a compact place, maybe even a bit cramped when busy but you don't begrudge that when the food is this good. There's really not many places in town that do lunch as well as Edinburgh Larder Cafe.
2	Went there once for breakfast.  Agree that the service is almost non-existent.  The most painful is that they do not cater for people with intolerances.  I cannot have any diary which meant that I could hardly have anything on the menu. The place also feels very crammed, wont go again.
5	My friend and I were staying on Blackfriars St. and, after a long day of traveling, were looking for food before exploring Edinburgh. From the outside looks of the Edinburgh Larder, it seemed like a quaint and authentic place to eat, so we decided to give it a try for late lunch/early dinner. As soon as we walked inside, each of the employees not only greeted us with a huge smile but seemed genuinely interested in where we were traveling from, giving us advice on where to visit during our time in Edinburgh. They were the epitome of hospitable and friendly to us and all the other customers, so the service was phenomenal. Nay, it was incomparable, and really set the bar high for the rest of our UK interactions. Now, as for the food, my friend and I went straight for their cheese plates with pumpkin chutney and oatcakes. The Thistly Cross cider was also highly recommended, so we turned this late lunch/early dinner into an all-out feast. The food is sourced from all over Scotland, and I can't speak highly enough about the quality. The staff is so knowledgeable about what they're serving and how they're preparing it that, well, I wish I could eat there every day (which my friend and I did while we were in Edinburgh). Also, Thistly Cross is pretty much the most dangerously delicious adult beverage I've ever had the pleasure of enjoying, so I need to figure out where I can get my hands on it in the States. We ended up eating there twice more during our stay, and both of those times were for breakfast. It doesn't get any better than being greeted first thing in the morning by the friendliest people in Scotland. Plus, the clotted cream and jam is always the way to go! I can't thank the Edinburgh Larder and its staff for such a memorable and enjoyable first (but definitely not last) trip to Edinburgh. Side note to prove that the employees there are the best, love their job, and you should go there immediately if you're in Edinburgh: My friend and I were visiting in early March and the entire cafe was filled with fresh-picked daffodils. I asked who was responsible for hand picking all the flowers and, sure enough, one of the employees, Chris, had picked them all and filled the cafe with them. The Edinburgh Larder, staff, Chris and his daffodils: you all are national treasures!
5	If you are in Edinburgh Scotland and thinking that all the best pubs, coffee shops and restaurants are on the Royal Mile you are sadly mistaken and need to look down the side street. At the Edinburgh Larder my wife and I just had coffee and asked two of the best employees if they could put together a take out meal. They set us up with the best arrangement I have ever had,  We took it all up to our wonderful holiday flat on the Royal Mile and dinned on the most wonderful tasting meal. The beet salad was spectacular (who would have ever thought that beets could taste that good) we topped off with an egg frittata and fish cakes with other wonderfully prepared cold sides. Price was so reasonable I thought they missed charging me for something.  This take away meal feed three adults, they included a chocolate treat that alone will make us return for that morsel alone.  This place is but one part of a larger Bistro that we hope to eat at soon.
5	Enjoyed a late lunch here a few weeks back--I would DEFINITELY return, I loved the relaxed and unpretentious atmosphere of the place and the staff were extremely friendly and polite. Food portions are admittedly on the small size from what we saw, but that would be the only complaint for this place, and it wouldn't stop me from coming back or recommending it to others.
4	A very tasty breakfast which helped with some sore heads and hungry bellies. My french toast was easily the best I have ever tried. My cheese loving boyfriend went out of his way to try the highly recommended smoked cheese and needless to say it was hard to make him leave. We even got free coffee because they weren't happy with their new blend, but we thought it was pretty decent! Only improvement would be a quicker service, the waiter was painfully slow at times!
4	This place has been great for people visiting me when we're tired and want to grab a coffee or scone. Being off the Royal Mile it's always very busy which is a great sign. The waiters are extremely charming and helpful and do not get annoyed if you take a bit of time to order - definitely a huge plus! One time we went in and were unsure of what to order and the waiter just started off with "Alright so, what are your hunger levels like...?" which we thought was absolutely hilarious. An experience to remember :)The display case is full of yummy treats but I tend to always go back for the same soup + half sandwich deal, my favorite soup so far has been the hazelnut and artichoke. I'd never seen it or had it before going there so definitely go here if you like original twists on deli or lunch food!
5	It was my last morning in Edinburgh when I decided to stop in here for a tea and a bit of breakfast before my way to the airport - and I'm glad I did! It was my favourite brekky place I went to during my stay. It really is a quaint place with really lovely staff that make you feel at home. I wish we had one of these in Dublin! If I make it back to Edinburgh, I definitely will be making another visit!
5	Yummy french toast with fruit compote. Coffee is excellent. Really can't go wrong here. It's a food gem.
2	I was looking forward to eating here after reading reviews and looking at the menu. Unfortunately, the hype was just too much.  I ordered a pork loin sandwich and oh my, the amount of meat was pitiful.  It was like small, thin islands of pork swimming in a sea of bread (albeit, delicious bread).  I am sure  i did not order the weight loss sandwich but that's what I got.  Too bad.The brownie was at least, much more filling and tasty to boot.I was starving after so I found some cullen skink at another place and was happy.  Finally.
3	Unfortunately, they were sold out of almost everything. No bread, or soup specials left. They also had no Coke or Irn Bru, so I settled for water. I got the Fritada with Tomato, Fennel, and Brie. Good flavor, but unfortunately, it was soggy. Had a very slimy texture. The salad was fresh, and the dressing complimented it well. The barley had an ok flavor, but it was stone cold. Tried to enjoy it, but it was not tasty at this temperature. The Strawberry Cake was very good. It is homemade, and has an excellent sweetness and texture. Staff is super-friendly, and service was great. A chill environment.
5	I'm not even done eating here! I had the flat white, Curried Carrot and Lentil soup, and Caramelized Onion and Crowdie frittata and they were all fantastic. The staff is very kind and the location itself is tucked away from the Royal Mile, meaning it's nice and quiet. I definitely recommend coming here! The soup by itself was a meal, the frittata made me stuffed! So good :)
4	I stopped by here to take-away some lunch into the lovely sun, as a freshly made sandwich sounded like a winning idea. It is a wee place with a very home-like feel and the staff was really lovely. I ordered half a salmon sandwich and my friend ordered the goat cheese sandwich, both were made in timely manner and wrapped nicely for an easy carry. The bread was absolutely super fresh and light sourdough and the combination of the salmon and capers on it was delicious. They have lots of gluten free things and a range of salads and they offer soup, so lots to choose from. Their display case of cakes and salads together made it all look too wonderful and I definitely will go back for lunch and or a tasty treat!On another note, I have been back a few times during the week around lunch time and they are always packed. It isn't worth it to wait around, as seats do not come up very quickly. The staff are lovely, but generally they can't give an accurate wait time because people mill around, so you often will wait 25-30 minutes or longer for a table, especially on the weekends. I would highly recommend take away!
4	Visited here on our last day in Edinburgh after stumbling across it by accident.  A very happy accident I might add.  We were greeted at the door by a very friendly waitress who told us to grab a table and get comfy.  The place was wedged but there was one table free by the door (luckily it was open as it was a scorcher of a day).  I love the mismatched tables and chairs it added a homely feel to the place in a way I can't describe.  One wall had shelves laden with their own produce (chutneys, jams and cordials) the other wall had a specials board and a map of Scotland showing where all of their ingredients were sourced from.As I am a coeliac I was delighted to see that they offered gluten free bread, lovely chunky slices of the stuff.  I ordered the scrambled eggs with bacon and toast and himself ordered the full breakfast.  I do see people complaining about slow service but the kitchen is teeny and you can see everything going on in it so it is to be expected that it's not going to be suprr fast.  Everything is cooked from scratch not kept on hot plates or anything like that.  The staff also made the wait enjoyable by getting all of the customers chatting almost like you were in a family kitchen at home.We did really enjoy the food here so much so that we didn't add anything once it hit the table, no salt, pepper or sauce.  This is a rare thing when you order scrambled eggs but they were so creamy and amazing they needed nothing else.  The eggs were put on top of the toast and I had to quickly rescue one slice before it got as soggy as the other one.Bottom line: the food is good but don't stop here if it's fast food you're after.
5	Just arrived from the overnight train, arrived at Edinburgh Larder with our 3 suitcase and two tired children and the staff couldn't have been more welcoming.Food fabulous. Wholesome, nourishing, delicious & fresh. Tea/coffee great. Will be back and we're only in town 2 days!
5	Amazing authentic Scottish food! My friends and I got 3 plates to share plus 2 desserts! Definelty recommend the eggs Benedict, smoked salmon, and veggie haggis! The elderflower jello and template ice cream are also a plus to end your meal! The service is superb and the themed feel inside the restaurant makes you feel really cozy as if you are at home!
3	A very nice addition to the Edinburgh breakfast scene. Very nice interior. Straight forward menu. I went for a hangover breakfast with a friend during the heat of the Fringe. Even though it was packed still felt quite comfortable inside. Opted for the full English which was served generously. They make their own baked beans which were quite dry but rest was enjoyable. Unfortunately the coffee wasn't as good as I would have expected from a new Edinburgh cafe but easy to correct. Definitely worth a visit, even if it is just for the cute waitress. All in all, a very good new addition to Old Town!
5	We came to the Larder for a full Scottish Breakfast, it was everything we needed and more. The home made beans were a great addition. I would highly recommend this place, the food is amazing and the guys who own it are super nice. 5 stars
5	Such an adorable place with very accommodating and kind staff. Loved everything about the restaurant itself and the nice workers just made the experience even more pleasant. Started with a cheese plate which was delicious then had half sandwich/soup combo. The chicken and mushroom soup was amazing! Had a ham sandwich which the bread was great. We ended with a slice of the red velvet cake and the frosting was to die for. If I lived in Edinburgh this place would be on my weekly list!
5	I was just visiting but luckily have local friends who recommended this spot for lunch. After always going to very touristy spots, this was a great pick. Food was local and fresh. Service was lovely.
5	Excellent value and great service. The black pudding and the vehicle haggis was outstanding.
4	The Edinburgh Larder is just off the Royal Mile but, tucked away on Blackfriars St, it tends to be filled with more locals than tourists. And it usually is filled. I went during a Sunday afternoon in the Festival to meet a friend for coffee. The place was packed but it had a nice ambiance to it and the coffee was great. I've heard they have great food so I'll be back another time to try it!
4	I've been meaning to come to Edinburgh Larder for ages, and finally stopped by the other day for some lunch. This was a great idea!Aside from delicious food at a decent price, there are other things I'll focus on. I have become very wary of eating meat at cafes and restaurants lately as I'm concerned with animal welfare (dirty rotten hippy, I know). I asked about their pork and chicken, and they could tell me exactly which farms they got their meat from and what their practices are as far as making sure their animals are humanely treated. This put my fears to rest and I was able to enjoy a meat platter and a soup with my wife, both of which were absolutely delightful.The coffee was serviceable - and certainly better than most eateries - but nothing to shout hurrah for in my own opinion. Then again: This is an eatery, not a coffee shop, so this is not a huge concern.There isn't a lot of space in the Larder, and I saw at least one group waiting outside for a while until they could get a seat. It's hard to fault them for not having a bigger venue, but it could get kinda cramped.The staff were very patient and friendly and were not at all fazed by my questions. All in all, a great lunch experience and I wouldn't hesitate to go back.
5	Stopped in with my family for breakfast on our quick 2 day stay in Edinburgh before heading to the Highlands and days later we're all still raving about this gem. The breakfast was amazing--toast, eggs and bacon, all local--topped off with a serious good cup of coffee. The server was so sweet and friendly, he really made our visit that much better. I can't say enough about this small, cozy, perfect nook of a place in the heart of The Royal Mile. I will return!
5	Delicious and gluten free! This cute stop off hit the spot for healthy, delicious fresh food!
4	Hidden away, just off The Royal Mile this cosy little gem serves up a "Full Breakfast" almost worthy of it's billing.  I say almost because I personally didn't care for the 'home-made' beans. A little lacking in salt and tomato flavour, but not colour for my liking, But OMG, the rest.  Sausage full of flavour and a Nuremberg texture, bacon sweet as, mushroom and black pudding sticky with soft yoke egg and tangy "Stokes" brown sauce, I loved it.They say, "Break fast like a king",  here you will.
4	Yummmmmmmmmmmm.It was a drizzly, grumbly day when my partner and I decided it was time to finally check out the Edinburgh Larder after some museum wandering. And I'm pleased to report that my findings were DELISH.I will admit firstly that we meandered in post-breakfast, which both of us were a bit disappointed we missed out on. However, when I ordered the frittata (close enough to breakfasty, right?) and the very food of the gods was presented to me on a plate, I really couldn't complain. Seriously: for a frittata that was filled with barley, leeks, and other normally "meh" sounding ingredients, what I was given positively made my mouth water. Good job, guys!My partner's soup was equally excellent, although he found the sandwich with vegetable pate (a chickpea base) just average. (Then again, he didn't dip his sandwich into the soup... mistake? Probably.)Coffee was also good. But man. That frittata, y'all. I mean dang!
