5	Excellent new addition to the NW Vegas eateries. Which Wich has a staggering selection of sandwiches and ingredient combinations. I had the Bac-Hammon with Spicy Mayo, Caramelized Onions, Avocado, Swiss, and Pepper Jack on wheat. Flavors were great, food was fresh, and the bread was good quality. The house kettle chips are ok, but the smoothies and cookies are legit. It's also only $5.25 for any sandwich with whatever toppings and sauces you want! (Other than add ons like avocado or double meat) I can't wait to go back and try out the Cuban and a friend of mine had the MonteCristo and said it was out of this world!
4	This is a great sandwich place and a very necessary addition to the lunch choices on Rainbow and Lake Mead. I had my staple, turkey and cheese, but added 1000 Island dressing instead of mayo and/or mustard. It was yummy. The bread (wheat) was fresh with a slightly crunchy crust and soft inside. The turkey tasted so nice that the toddler ate most of it out of my sandwich. I will definitely be going back because they have egg salad that is made just with mayo. This may sound boring but, for some reason, it is difficult to find a good egg salad sandwich.Which Wich is absolutely worth visiting if you are in the mood for a good sandwich and a pretty reasonable price. Just be prepared to change your mind about what you want as you stand in front of the menu.
4	Huge selection of sandwiches but they are a little on the small side, Very tasty though.  Had the french dip and added carmelized onions.  Very friendly staff.
5	Totally yummy food. Better than Subway or Quiznos. Reminds me of a place I used to love in DC called "Pot Belly Sandwich Works"
3	Being generous because the bread was good. Since you order everything individually it comes out individually. A customer with his daughter orders a cookie, a kids grilled cheese and I think its called the wicked, same sandwich I ordered. The cookie came out. A couple minutes later the grilled cheese came out and them maybe 8 min later his sandwich came out. Not the most efficient way of doing it. Also, the sandwiches are toasted which is not my preference, and if it posted that they do that I must have missed it. I might give them another try sometime in the future.
4	Four stars for the food.  The bread is great and there are tons of choices of meats and toppings.  Everything on our sandwiches tasted really fresh and the cookies were deeelish.  Service was good.I love the way you order by checking things off of the list on your sandwich bag so no one can misunderstand your order and get it wrong.  The teeny tiny area in which you fill out your list, however, is kinda ridiculous... especially during the super busy lunch rush.  And there's not a whole lot of seating, either. I'd go back, though.  Hopefully next time I can go before/after the big lunch crowd.
2	As I sit here, sandwich done, I am currently waiting on a milkshake that has gone unnoticed on their clothespin line they use to slide orders down on. Their system involves paper bags customers mark with their order, each type of sandwich having their own bag and toppings. Each sandwich type is numbered and the bag holders are numbered accordingly. We used the suspend and ordered two combos totaling 18 bucks. Damn. The staff looks flustered, almost as if training was thrown out the window and the manager figured that they'd figure it all out on their own. Subway has a better system and that's saying something. We waited and our names were called out for our orders. The sandwiches are in subway type rolls, wrapped in those old fashioned silver hamburger papers and parchment with their logo. They come warm, which is fine. The bread is good but the meat and toppings are just okay. In all honesty I was shocked that my sandwich only had two large slices of turkey sandwich meat. Weird. I chose the cranberry and stuffing version, one I learned to love from another sandwich store. It was okay. The BLT comes with crumbled bacon, although strange it tasted like a BLT. Overall, I think because they're new the kinks are still being worked out. I hope that when I return in 6 months the food and service improved.
4	Wanted to search for a new restaurant in the neighborhood that I haven't tried yet and stumbled across this joint on Yelp.  Stopped by at 10:45 am and they were slow, so I could take my time figuring out what i wanted to order.This is an unusual Sandwich Shop.  Unusual because you place an order by:1 - Selecting a Sandwich Bag, which is a brown paper bag that your Sandwich gets placed into.  Each bag corresponds to a specific type of Sandwich, ie Italian, Turkey, Veggie, etc.2 - On the bag, there are several options for you to check off.....toppings, dressing, sauce, cheese, extras, etc.  You mark off the items you want with a Sharpie Pen.3 - You had the bag over to the cashier, who charges you for the meal and then hands the bag to a crew of people who make the Sandwich per your specifications.4 - After a short wait, you get your customized Sandwich.I decided to order the #7 Italian Grinder (Salami, Pepperoni, Cappicola), on a White Roll topped with Provolone, Mayo, Mustard, Fat Free Italian Dressing, Red Onions, Lettuce, Tomato, Pepperoncini, Oil, Vinegar, Salt, Pepper, Oregano.....(see pics for full options on bag).  I got a combo meal which includes Chips & a Soda for $7.75, not a bad deal!  I grabbed a bag of Jalapeno Chips and for the drink I mixed Mello Yellow with low calorie Lemonade.....that was a mistake.  It was nasty, so I dumped it and just filled it with Mello Yellow.After a few minutes my Sandwich came out.  It was nice and hot....I didn't expect it to be heated, but I guess that's how it comes.  The Sandwich is wrapped in butcher paper and tin foil and cut in half for you.  I took one bite and instantly became a Fan!  It was soo good!  The Bread was awesome and the proportion of ingredients was just right.  The Meat was full of flavor and the combination of Spices, Dressing, and Mayo/Mustard added to the Sandwich.This is a 4 Star place for me because the Value you get for the money is ridiculously good....the Sandwich by itself would have only been $5.50!  Plus there are tons of other Sandwich options ie Veggie, Bacon & Ham, Meatloaf, Spam, Caprese, and much more.  The employees were great and very helpful.  I asked them what I had to do because of their unique ordering process and they took the time to explain it to me.Side Note - While I was there, I noticed that the Duke of the Joint checked-in.....but I didn't see him anywhere.  He's either an employee who was hiding in the back or works nearby and ghost check-ins to maintain his Dukedom.....that's the 1st time I've noticed that.Will I return?  There's no doubt about it!
3	We had lunch here a couple of months ago. Which wich has an interesting ordering process where you pick one of numerous sandwich types and customize your wich through marking your cheese, spread, and topping selections on your bag. I had an avocado and tomato wich. My wife had a chicken philly and a chocolate and banana shake. The food was pretty good and reasonably priced. We also split some homemade chips which were unique and tasty.
2	This review is strictly on the food.  I went to Which Wich yesterday and the ordering process was very unique and fun, but the sandwich I had was nothing to write home about.  I had a meatloaf sandwich under the "comfort classics" or "comfort food" category and it was gross.  The meatloaf was absolutely devoid of any flavor and just tasted like a flavorless ground beef wad.  I mean, I had cheeses and other spices that should've enhanced the meatloaf, but how can you enhance flavors when they are absent? No salt, no pepper, no ketchup coating, NOTHING! I'm not going to give up on Which Wich just because of this first bad experience, but it failed for me this go around.
5	Unique! Is one word I would use to describe this fun restaurant.  I just got done at LVAC which is really close to Which Wich.  As me and the gf walked in, a nice lady asked us if this was our first time here.  We said "Yes!" and she thoroughly explained how it worked.  There's brown paper bags numbered 1-10.  Whatever number 'which you want, you grab that bag, and on that bag are choices of that kind of sandwich, whatever ingredients you want, what kind of bread, sauces, etc.  They provide you with a red sharpie to 'x' mark the ingredients you want. At this point me and the gf are having fun just marking a brown paper bag! When your order is placed, they attach your marked brown paper bag to a clothes line so they can easily see what you want on your 'which.  We didn't get our food lighting fast but what good food is fast? None! Everything tasted just how I wanted it, the brown paper bag and sharpie idea is genius!  The sandwich was so good, I forgot about my house chips. (salt and peppered kettle chips) Which are hella good, simple too.This was my first time here and I ordered their signature sandwich, The Wicked.  My first time experience was eye-opening to all these other whack sandwich shops.  I'm definitely gonna be coming back here and becoming a regular.PS. Bathrooms are clean!
4	In the peak of 2010's winter solstice, in a land of magical spectacles and bright lights called Las Vegas, Nevada, Yelpers were caught in a weird storm of strange weather and rain that no one really expects in this part of the world.  Rain was as rare as Mr. T wearing silver.  Not only was this storm rare and unusual, but there was a different storm hitting Las Vegas that none knew what to expect from.  The mystical appearances caused a disturbance to find the 'Wich that had it all.  And thus, cause the hunt for the best 'Wich in town!Which Wich is in the race for the best sandwich shop in Las Vegas!  It's unique menu and ordering methods refresh the Vegas valley with a new taste and flavor that makes ordering sandwiches a definite memorable experience.  As seen in some earlier reviews, you order your 'Wich by choosing one or more bags from the wall of bags.  Different bags correspond what kind of meat comes on the sandwich.  Markers are conveniently located nearby to mark off different toppings, sauces, cheeses, peppers, etc. Go to the cashier, pay for your 'Wich and sit tight because you're moments from enjoying something different!My GF and I ordered the Wicked (5 MEATS!: Turkey, Bacon, Roast Beef, Ham, and Pepperoni and 3 CHEESES!: Provolone, Cheez Whiz, Pepperjack [choices of Cheddar and Swiss also]) and I'll testify to it's wickedness! It was a bit overwhelming for my GF the way we threw everything on there (see pictures for sandwich details) but for me, it was a medley of all-star tastes! "Less is more!" says my GF, Dana Marie Dabu (reviews to come soon but soon to never come!). Try out our combo and let me know what you think! However, the Oreo cookie shake is LEGIT! Add it to your combo for just a few more dollars! You won't be sorry you did. They also have Hershey's Chocolate, and Banana! And, on your way to the restroom, check out the cool customer art section of the walls! I'll have to add my doodles here next time!I will definitely have to come back to try the rest of their great menu with so much to choose from. Oh, and if you like A1 like I do, they have it! :D
5	Just for 25 cents more.. This is waayyy better than subway. I love places like this where I can create my own meal. And best thing is they cook it and bring it to life. I've come here twice and so far everything I ordered was really delicious. I wasn't sure if I was to thank myself for creating the order or them for making it.. They have these menus with corresponding numbers to the bags you choose. Basically, you choose what meat you want and they're categorized from chicken, beef, ham and seafood. Then, you choose your toppings. Everytime I come to a sandwich spot.. I always look for two things; avacado and alpha sprouts. They had avacado but no sprouts :( but it's all good cus they have so many toppings to be just worrying about one topping.  They have their own house chips which are ruffled and seasoned with black pepper and salt. The size of these genius sandwiches are definitely filling.I love the name itself. The staff always seems to be friendly and excited to see what people have invented. This place is an endless wonder of new things.
5	Ok, I'm upgrading this Sandwich joint to 5 Stars.....why?  Here's why:I stopped in for lunch and saw their recommended Sandwich of the Week.....a Nachowich (Black Bean Patty, Cheese Whiz, Salsa, Lettuce, Tomatoes, Jalapenos, Avocado)....total with tax & a bag of Chips, $7.95.  It pique'd my interest and went for it, despite not being a Vegetarian.  Of course I added a few things....Pepper Jack Cheese & Hot Pepper Mix.After a short wait, they called my name and out came my Nachowich.....I took one bite and was in Heaven!  Damn, that's a great Sandwich!  As I said before, I'm not a Vegetarian and unless I'm fasting, I rarely order a Veggie dish.....but took a chance on this recommendation and loved it!  It left me wanting more....I should have went for a 14" bad boy in this 'Wich!They deserve the 1 Star bump.Will I return?  Now I know where to go when I do my annual fast....you can bet on it!
4	I have been curious about Which Wich for a while and actually tried it today.  I've been to places where you write down all the goods and hand your paper to them, but somehow writing on a bag it makes it so much better.  :)  The staff was friendly (maybe too...) and sandwich was delicious!
4	Good, solid sandwich shop. I really like the unique ordering/combination style, and overall, what this shop brings to Las Vegas in terms of increasingly diverse places to eat. The sandwiches are consistently good, and I love the diabolical spicy/salty/sour/bitter sub that I make every time. Major thumbs up to their hot pepper mix, which has more than just jalapenos, and is probably the spiciest thing you can get at a fast food/common restaurant. It's probably because they're from Texas. I also enjoy the crunch ice that's in their soda machines.Good job Which Wich.
3	I first discovered Which Wich in San Diego when I was visiting Pacific Beach. I loved it! Imagine mu excitement when I found out there was one opened in Vegas! The sandwiches are good! I love the hot pepper mix and the spicy mayo!!! Yummy! It's such a great concept to be able to create a sandwich with so many options of toppings. The problem with the one in Vegas is the piss poor customer service. I strolled in at about 11am and I was the only customer. The young male worker looked up and looked away from me not even verbally greeting me or asking if I needed help. I already knew the system so I didn't need help but really? Then when I filled out the info on my bag, I turned around to hand it to the kid who was NO LONGER THERE!! I literally had to say "hello? Anyone there?" A female employee came out and looked extremely annoyed, took my bag and my money and told me to have a seat. The thing that impressed me the most about the Which Wich in SD was the sparkling personalities. If I wanna pay 7 bucks for a sandwich, even if it's a really good sandwich, I don't want to appear as if I am a nuisance to the workers. Suggestions for the Which Wich employees: Greet the customer by saying, "Hi, welcome to Which Wich! If you need assistance let me know." or something of that nature. Please for the love of God don't piss off your customers because you will not last long in this town. Especially since the location you are at is a failed Starbucks.
2	My husband and I thought we would try out this new sandwich shop. After we wrote our order on paper bags and received our food, that's when the disappointment set in. We both order two different types of chicken sandwiches. At first we thought they forgot the chicken. We literally had to open the sandwich to find the chicken. They only gave us one thinly sliced piece of chicken! There was more ham on my husband's chicken cordon beau sandwich then chicken! Subway gives you chucks of chicken! Then there was barerly any sauce on my sandwich. I don't know if they are cutting cost or not, but cutting back on food is not the way to go. I'll stick to subway.
2	What the hell happen? I loved this place the first time, now service is slow, the dinning area looked like a school lunchroom mess, and my sandwich almost had some meat on it. What a disappointment in consistency. Not sure I'll be back, but sure glad I got a phone survey on the receipt. Hopefully an a$$ reaming on the review will do some good.
3	It is pretty rare that an overall Yelp rating is actually spot on for a restaurant but this place is a definite rarity in itself.The ordering system is a bit confusing for a Which Wich virgin but once you get the hang out it it all makes sense. Sadly, the customer service aspect has been taken out of the equation because of the ordering which makes it seem a bit robotic.The option to have combos with a milkshake is a pretty cool touch and my buddy said his banana/chocolate milkshake was delicious. Any place where you can customize your options to your exact specifications makes me happy in the pants. 3.5 stars for you Which Wich. Your name on the other hand.....10 stars!
4	Subway needs to watch its back. Comparable prices, better quality, and outstanding selection put Which Wich ahead of the game. And might I recommend the Wicked?
2	I was very disappointed with my experience at Which Wich.  I entered the store, was not greeted, and not told how to order a sandwich. The store was not busy to justify being ignored.  Once I figured out the ordering system I ordered the ruben sandwich with double meat.  I got the combo and the total came to $10.50. Thankfully I had a free sandwich coupon, but that is a lot of money.  I was not offered a cup for my soda and had to ask for one.  A few minutes later I got my sandwich which was suprisingly light.  My instinct told me that there was something wrong, but I ignored this and took my sandwich back to my office.  I opened up the sandwich, plenty of meat, no dressing, no sourkraut.  I called the restaurant to complain.  The person on the phone was sufficiently apologetic and offered me a free sandwich, but the damage was already done.There is no reason to eat here again.  I'll be eating at Capriotti's.
3	Great selection and impersonation of an IRS tax form with their little selection menu.   Which works;  the scribble-down note part beats having to sit and wait for a guy to decide if he wants olives or not on his sandwich he's already laden down with 16 other condiments.   Reasonably fast turnaround, seems like a good price.
4	Nom Nom Nom.  The end.  (for now)
3	Our experience between the two times we have been so far was inconsistent. The first time we were greeted and asked if we needed any help, zero personality the second time we went. Their ordering system is really quite clever but the execution needs some work. The person  working the blender for the milkshakes may have been in training but oooh, they were slow. I'm also not a fan of food arriving in stages. I'd like to be able to eat my sandwich, chips and drink at the same time and dessert should come after. Nope, I got my cookie first, my sandwich second and my shake last. Shouldn't it be the other way around?Now as far as the food goes. No complaints there. I really like the crusty bread, and there are a zillion ways to customize you sandwich, there are even some selections that are not traditional. I like the fact that they have several selections per category, so that if you are sort of wishy washy you have a "base" to build your sandwich selection on. They are well put together and I did not have to rearrange the fillings to have maximum flavor coverage as I so often have to do in other establishments. If at the very least every time I drop by Borders I might stop in for a delicious chocolate chip cookie or milkshake.All in all, a little expensive, food is yummy, service needs a lot of work.
4	When I first walked in here, I was slightly confused by the ordering process. It isn't like Jimmy John's (my favorite sandwich place ever!) where you order something and then customize it. You order by checking off little boxes on the bags they have provided for you, which is actually pretty cool. I got a turkey beast, as that's my favorite sandwich meat. I decided to be healthier, so I loaded it with veggies and no mayo. The meat was good, the veggies were good, and the bread was good. So, it was a good sandwich, right? Right! It was good, and I was happy with it from start to finish. The sandwich didn't take too long to arrive, but that may have been because there were only like 2 people there. Regardless, I felt that the service was good, and definitely not something I can complain about. Plus, everyone working there just seemed nice. It was a step above what I was expecting. Price-wise, this place seemed more expensive than I expected. Not anything that set me back big time, but enough that I thought "maybe I'll stick to the Subways and JJ's." Again, this place is good, but the pricing is a bit more premium than I'd like to pay.
3	Which Wich's  baguette bread is the biz- even better nicely toasted!I keep coming in for the same crab salad wich but i always change up the sauces, just for experimenting, until I find the cream of' combo.That's what I like about their order swag. Dotting in my own personal votes for building my wich just like at a poll booth during election day; or like Yelp's review rating polls.I can't believe these folks have tzatziki sauce! Awesome. But they don't have spinach and/or sprouts. I feel indifferent for pointing that out but that's what makes a good gourmet sandwich(to me) plus its nutritional value.This place is far from a 5 star rating- only because their customer service connection is disconnected. Every visit is like a miserable Monday for them. I saw the cash reg' chick watch a guy come in and was about to greet him but then bailed. Awkward that I had to witness that. And then a group of people came in and monotonously said "welcome to Which Wich" My "adhd" had me imagining how cute it'd be if an r2d2 were to greet me in a robotic voice. Cute right? Anyways, the truth is, I'd enjoy this place more if they marched to the beat of a happier drum. Perhaps it's the semi-emo indie music playing above that's altering their aura.
4	This is quickly becoming my favorite sandwich shop.I love filling out my order on the sandwich bag and their menu is huge. They really have a lot of options even on the vegetarian menu. Hummus? Get out!I love the design of their bags, cups and the restaurant itself. I'm a graphic designer, what can I say. I really appreciate those things.The food is great too. I love their bread and the house chips with salt and pepper are really tasty. I love the idea of having a surf and turf sandwich, krab salad and roast beef. I tried it and it was a little bland, wish I had gotten the horseradish mayo with it. The buffalo chicken sandwich is really good, I get it with blue cheese. My friend got the Montecristo and it's probably my favorite wich so far.
4	They have so many options!  It's a "fresh" approach, giving you a starting point and you create your own sandwich by checking off ingredients on the bag it will go it.  Everything I have ordered here is made well and very tasty.  Tons of options, so there's something for everyone!
4	Quirky.  Yummy.  YELLOW.  Sandwiches!There are a lot of things I like about this place, yellow decor aside.  The interior is very utilitarian, with brown bags pre-labeled with the sandwich type you want with little check boxes to select with a red sharpie marker.  You take said marked up bag and hand it to the cashier and they make your sandwich.  The things I really like about the sandwiches is that you can really customize the heck out of it with the add-ons, for the most part, being without an extra charge.  Most sandwich places are happy to offer you more this and more that for XX amount of money, but with few exceptions, it's all included.  Another small detail I appreciate is that my sandwich isn't falling apart or soaked through with sauce halfway through my meal.  For reals.  They also feature a wide array of garnishments and sauces and the like.  Caramelized onions?  A1 sauce?  Yes, please.  Hummus?  Whoa!  I keep wanting to try all these different sandwiches but I can't drag myself away from The Wicked since I'm mostly starving whenever I arrive there.  My personal favorite, like most people, is The Wicked sandwich.  Five meats, loaded to the brim with additional condiments and it's always hot and delicious.  Very MANLY sandwich!
4	Oohhhh yea!! This place is delish!!I LOVE deli sandwiches! This place is so far one of THE BEST! Why you ask?? They have capicola! AHHHH!!! CHERUBSSSS!! I came here with my son and was happy they have reasonably priced sandwiches! I got the deets on how to use the ordering system (brown paper bag) and got to work. I love all the choices they have! All the meats and cheeses and toppings, just awesome! Whats really the best is the customer service! They are soooo sweet and caring! They answered my million questions I had and didnt even looked pissed whilst I was asking : ) I got my all time fave: capicola, ham, and swiss! My son got a plain ham sandwich. We got our chips and sat down. He got the reg salt and vinegar and I tried the house chips, which I assume they make : ) lol. Yummm! They had cracked black pepper and were pretty delish! I heard our names and got up to get our goodies!I sat down and about tore open the bag, I bit into my sandwich and almost crapped myself! Sooooo savory and scrumptious! My son and I sat in silence for almost 2 mins while we devoured our yummies! The sandwiches were PERFECT! The bread was also amazing!The only gripe I have is how freezing it is! I was almost shivering! But thats ok, my sandwich made up for it! Go there now and have a nice lil dinner of yummieness!
3	They are actually pretty good, I prefer them over Subway that's for sure! There was only one girl working and she was answering personal calls from her cell phone however she was really knowledgeable about everything they offered and gave us some great suggestions so we ignored the cell phone thing.
5	Which Wich is AMAZING, and they have a lovey menu for those who choose not to eat meat. I love the black bean patty bowl and the pumpkin pie shake is the best I've ever tasted. The people there are always nice, and I look forward to going every time.
5	How have I not reviewed this place yet?  OMG, this place is beyond amazing.  Subway who?Pros:*  Everything I've tried here is bursting with flavor!  I have yet to discover a bad 'wich.*  home made chips.  Jared doesn't have that.  Nor does Quizno's.*  a plethora of toppings/additions available (from Pesto to crispy onion strings).Cons:*  It's a bit more pricey in comparison to Subway, but well worth the price.  Honest!*  seating is a bit limited.  There are outside seats, but it still gets super crowded.*  service isn't stellar, but whatever.Overall:  I highly recommend this place for those that love sandwiches.  Really, you've just gotta try it for yourself.  If you have never been... here's a little heads up:  Choose your bag and grab a crayon.  Bubble in your choices and viola!  After making your selections and choosing whether you want to make it a combo, watch the sandwich artists clothespin your 'wich bag to a wire and zip-line that baby.  Not making any sense?  Just go in and check it out.  You'll see. Tips:*  Pesto is a must.  *  Carb-Watching?  You can get any sandwich in a bowl instead.*  my personal recommendation is the Surf n Turf.  it's roast beef w/ imitation crab.
4	When it comes to franchise sandwich shops in Vegas on a scale from Subway to Capriotti's, I would place Which Wich somewhere closer towards the latter.  As the name implies, this is either a nightmare for the indecisive or a dream for those who crave variety and customization.Upon walking in, the lady behind the counter was kind enough to ask if I was a W squared newbie or knew how to place my order.  She then directed me to consult the list posted on the wall which indicated several templates for various sandwiches in the form of brown paper bags with a list of items to check off.  From classics (italian, turkey, ham) to the gourmet (surf and turf, buffalo chicken avocado) to the international (cuban, greek, huevos rancheros (what the what?!)) and the truly bizarre (Elvis and Monte Cristo)...you take your red sharpie pen and indicate whether you want your bread toasted in the form of white, wheat, or served in a bowl with croutons, a redonkulous number of toppings, cheeses, and sauces (notables including pesto, fried shoestring onions, sauerkraut, cheese whiz, and hot pepper mix) and then hand it over to the cashier and your sandwich order then arrives within the same brown paper bag ready to nosh.  This is pretty much like a mad scientist sandwich lab for someone trying to craft the world's perfect sandwich...wichcraft one might say!I also recommend getting their tasty homemade chips seasoned with salt/pepper as a side and I believe there is a nice 10% discount on a combo for first timers if you check in on yelp.   Bonus points for having options for house-made milkshakes and fresh baked cookies!
5	Many options to choose from. You build it how you want it. They even pull out the extra bread from the center, leaving a flaky outer layer. Great sandwich shop!
5	Upgrading Which Wich to a 5. They have continued to deliver delicious, well-crafted sandwiches, and the employees are always very hardworking and helpful, providing suggestions and personal input when desired. Their food is always fresh and well-portioned. The expanding selection of sandwich options is sure to please any craving. Also, their milkshakes are exceptional! One of the best banana malts I've had. Keep up the good work!
4	An absolute must try on any local's sandwich list. If you are a fan of the Potbelly chain of sandwich shops in the Midwest, East Coast and Texas, you will love Which Wich. (Potbelly one-ups Which Wich by offering a 'thin-cut' option on the wheat bread loaf - cutting out the inside bread leaving only the crust - but that is a fine point.)The secret ingredient here is the hot pepper mix, which is right out of the Potbelly arsenal. I swear it's the same recipe. You have to try it. It throws your sandwich into a new dimension that the Earl Of Sandwich can't even comprehend. I happen to love the seafood mix which is imitation crab (pollock) and perfectly dressed. Sometimes I get the Surf & Turf which is any meat plus crab (no extra charge). There is also no extra charge for typical 'extra' items like cheese, guacamole, hummus, etc. One price, no surprises. Which Wich gives you Freedom Of Sandwich. The sandwich toaster here runs a perfect medium, unlike the toasters at Quizno's and Firehouse Subs which tend to burn your loaves.Easy to get to: take 95N to the Lake Mead East / Rainbow North exit, and take Rainbow North right into the parking lot. I sound obsessed, but I must stand up for a great sandwich. And this store is consistently good and their service is always friendly and top notch. Get the hot pepper mix on the side if you're scared, just don't forget to get some.The biggest sandwich here is worth every penny if you're starving. So big it sticks out of the bag 4 or 5 inches. Which Wich? THIS Wich All Day Long.My favorite fast-food sandwich in Las Vegas by far. (If there were a Potbelly here I would be less convinced. But there's not, so Which Wich it is!)
5	Wow...I'm so glad I found this place on yelp. It's officially, this is my wife and I's sandwich shop. You can create any kinda sandwich you want. I know most people would say you do that at any shop but this place has many choices of ingredients that  will make you come back to create something new.Now, when you go there for the first time it may be overwhelming because you don't know the ordering process. Once you figure it out you'll love it. Go here NOW!!!
4	I'm digging which wich.  It is a speedy, tasty lunch spot for a good sandwich.  You'll never get bored building with so many options!  It is definitely better than a subway or anything like that.  I've tried the muffalata and the french dip.  You really can't do to much complaining because, after all, you are the one who creates the sandwich!My only real complaint is the small portion of cheese.  I felt it was so thin on my big yummy sandwich I could harldy spot it.  Regardless, I 'll go back and try another concoction.  There is always some sort of check in offer so take advantage.Most important: DO NOT skip the cookie. It is served warm and chewy and gooey and utterly perfect.  It is worth the trip just for the cookie!  AMAZING.
4	Which Wich--just another sandwich shop?  I don't think so.  In a land filled with Subways, Port-a-Subs, and Jimmy Johns', this place sets itself apart by offering its customers the chance to build sandwiches with more toppings than I've ever seen offered at those other joints.  My son beat me to this place before, so when we ventured there for dinner tonight, he mentored me through the ordering process.  Basically you grab a paper sandwich bag that doubles as your order form, choosing the sandwich, your meats, cheeses, sauces, condiments, vegetables toppings, as well as the size of your 'wich.'  I gave up meat for the month of March so I went with a small Caprese:  tomato, mozzarella, and pesto on a toasted wheat roll, adding lettuce as an extra topping.  My teenager, the Devil, ordered a large meatball sandwich- -the nerve!  So, we handed over our orders and after a short wait, our names were called and we went to town on our meals.  It's not very nice to sit across from a kid eating a meatball sub while you sit eating a veggie sandwich, but mine was delicious just the same.  Oh, and when I checked in using my handy Yelp phone app, I got two FREE cookies.  I went back to the counter and showed the young man my phone and he had me fill out another order form for said cookies because they are baked fresh while you wait--kewl.  Needless to say, I will be back next month so I can try the meatball sandwich my own darn self.
4	We stopped by this after going to the as they grow sale. A soccer team showed up right before us. The place was packed. These guys were pumping out the sandwiches pretty fast. We are never on this side of town so we checked it out.  It was pretty good.  I got the buffalo chicken sandwich.  I even got a free cookie for checking in.  I wish they had one of these in my neck of woods.  I wouldn't seek this place out, but if  you are in the area it is a must try! Cheers!
5	Go in and ask Alec to make you one of "his sandwiches", you're welcome. Mine was on homemade garlic bread, super bombwich. I've been to Which Wich probably 10 times now and have had a great experience every time whether its lunch or dinner, I moved through the sandwich options pretty quickly which is why I asked my boy Alec to construct me a custom creation. Thanks Alec, thanks Allson! GREAT, HAND CRAFTED SANDWICHES CANNOT BE RUSHED!! so just grab a newspaper and sit the hell down, you'll be happy soon enough : ) Thanks again!!
5	They're milkshakes are to die for!!I love the ability to pick anything I want. The kids menu is awesome too. Nothing scary for the kids. (Grilled cheese, peanut butter and jelly.....ya know, the good stuff)
3	The food was top notch and the service was impeccable. They chases me down in the parking lot to give me a free cookie and even walked me through the unusually difficult ordering process for a sandwich shop.Ok now about that. You have to take a paperbag and a marker out of a bin that is open to the public yuck germs! Who touched the marker last? Did some sneeze on my bag or the counter you use to write out your order? And then they use that same bag to wrap your sub and give it back to you. It still kind of makes my skin crawl thinking about it.Ok, the bread was fresh, it had great flavor. The sandwich meat was stacked nice and neat and made me wonder if it was processed elsewhere to ensure portion control. That being said it all tasted great and if you check in with Yelp you get a free cookie!
5	Sunday sandwich improv artists... Running low on supplies today(busy saturday...just goes to show you how legit this place is) had to make some substitutions but with so many options, you are bound to create a masterpiece even if you dont intend to. Thanks Allison!, Thanks Alec & Val you rock! Always great service and great wiches. Keep it up.
4	I almost don't know where to start with Which Wich. There is so much to say. I guess I'll begin by saying that this is one of the most unique sandwich experiences I have had. The friendly staff had to school me on how to order. Basically, there are certain classes of sandwiches that belong to numbers which in turn correspond to a specific bag. You grab a bag on which you place your order. You mark what sandwich you want and the toppings you would like, place your name on it and pay. A few minutes later you have a sandwich. The sandwich was good. There was not a lot of meat on it though it was enough to satisfy. The cool, fresh vegetables were the perfect compliment to the hot meats and cheese (I ordered mine toasted). The cappicola was awesome. A great spice balanced with the hammy goodness I have grown to love. The hot pepper giardinniere (note to self, check spelling) provided not only the spicy flavor of the peppers but also the contrast of crunchy celery and cauliflower. The toasted wheat bread was still soft enough on the inside to remain edible but crunchy enough on the outside to say "Hey, I'm still here and I matter." I was pleased to try a great sandwich. As for the staff, they are eager to greet. Every one of them screamed a hearty "welcome" as soon as I set foot inside. If everybody was as eager to greet as I am to eat, the world would be a happier place. We need more like the staff at Which Wich. My only concern was the two young gentelmen making my food. I don't quite trust long haired individuals to make my food when all they wear is a loose fitting ball cap. But I didn't find any hair in my food this time so I suppose they are in the clear for now.
5	So the owner asked me to give them another try. Always wanting to give an accurate and complete review I did.I was assured the markers and counters are cleaned regularly throughout the dayand the mess I saw and felt the first time wasnt there that night. The food was still fresh and tasted amazing so Im updating the review saying the mess and chaos from my first trip was likely from a rush and not the norm at this store. Im giving them top marks.They deserve it!
2	There's really something to say when you witness something that happens at a store between two employees, raise the issue to the GM only to be brushed off without much concern or questions about the issue.Me: "One of your managers was hassling another employee while off the clock, standing in line while customers were behind him, waiting.  The girl at the register looked like *this* and the guy looked like *that.* This happened a few weeks ago."Her: "Oh.  Well, I'm the only manager so I don't know who that is.  But I'm glad you came back"The point of raising an issue is not to inform me of the difference of SUPERVISOR and MANAGER labels in your establishment, but to offer an apology or at least pretend like you care what came out of my mouth.  It was... unprofessional and disinterested and even coming back after witnessing this first instance and then to be shut down by the manager was a waste of time.  I was disappointed because I do enjoy the sandwiches here but it's not like there aren't a hundred other sandwich places in Vegas for me to hit up.
1	Ok, I tried this place not once or twice but 3 times and it just is terrible.I can't believe with all the different varieties of stuff they offer that the sandwich has so little in it.We went with coupons each time and even with a free sandwich it just isn't worth it.The staff are not the friendliest. They made us feel like we were inconveniencing them by being there.On the 3rd visit I found hair in my sandwich and after showing it to the worker he said I had already taken a bite so he would not re-make it. It does say right on their cup that if you aren't satisfied to take it back up to them and they will re-make it but surely they did not which is false advertisement. I did send a e-mail through the website stating what happened on the 3rd visit and did 2 days later did get a e-mail from the store manager saying they hoped I would give it another try.  We will never give it another try we gave it 3 honest tries and never ever again. I can get a sandwich that tastes fresher and is filled with way more meat and toppings from Subway for $5.I do like the concept of the brown bags and marking in what you want with a sharpie but that is about it.They do have a stamp card for every sub you buy and offer double stamps on a certain day but I threw mine in the trash as I didn't even see it worth it to give away.I do not recommend trying this place In-N-Out burger is not too far just go there!
3	UPDATE: I give it an A-OK for effort. I got a message from a Manager sincerely apologetic for my experience. I was offered a free sub and I figure the least I can do is give it a 4th try since the Manager made the effort.I do appreciate that.I will take a friend that hasn't been to Which Wich before and then we can both give it an honest review again.Wish us luck!
4	This was our first time here and we would definitely come back again. We had great service from the friendly staff and our sandwiches were really tasty too :)
4	High class subway, delish, but not over the top.  Value is here, taste is here, great quick on the go lunch.  Its build your own, which sometimes, I dont like, I just want you to build me the bomb, and I will eat it, if I gotta make choices, thats too complicated.  You can do both, I guess, but I prefer less than 10 questions when I order lunch.   That said, it was incredible!   Loved it!    Would definitely go again and order my own creation!   For creators, this is your subway stop!  Recommended!  Cheap and good food!   Yummy rating is high!
4	Sandwich joints generally fall into 3 categories for me:   1) Fast food joints like Port of Subs, Quiznos, Subway which I will only eat in an emergency or if it's free  2) Chains like Jimmy Johns, Jersey Mikes and Heidis which I feel are of a higher quality than those in 1), but not enough where I crave them often, and 3) Capriottis, which is my gold standard because of their not so standard offerings like the Capastrami and generally quality ingredients.The concept of Which Wich seemed intriguing to me, and I especially loved the variety of options they provide in all areas of sandwich fixings like seafood, cheese whiz, black bean patties, hummus, and more.  Being the MADLY adventurous eater that I am, I threw caution to the wind and got a turkey breast sandwich on wheat with deli mustard, avocado, hot pepper mix and some veggies.  This ish cray.   So yeah, I played it safe.  My thinking was I should try something tame the first time around and if I enjoyed it I could go more adventurous in future visits.Well WW, prepare a gyro meat sandwich with peanut butter and cheeze whiz because I very much enjoyed all aspects of my sandwich.  All of my ingredients, in particular the thinly sliced turkey breast tasted very fresh and of good quality.  The hot pepper mix provided just the right amount of kick that I needed when combined with the deli mustard and I always appreciate the ability to have spinach on a sandwich instead of lettuce.  I thought the price was very fair, a bargain actually.  The service was very friendly, and they were all prepared to give us the lowdown on how to order when my coworker and I presented our printouts from their website (pro tip: you can conceive and mark your entire sandwich order online, print it and simply hand it to them if you want to forego the entire potential contagion scare of the shared marker concept)  My only MINOR gripes were the location is pretty small, and during lunch rush hour it seemed a little tough to maneuver around the mix of customers and employees walking the floor.   Also, I got a combo but they didn't provide any larger bag to place my sandwich and chips in.  Trying to carry the sandwich bag and the chips separately, while certainly not difficult, would have been made a lot easier with a separate bag.   Also, when unwrapping the sandwich, it had gotten quite messy inside the bag and peeling off the paper wrap was impossible without getting my hands covered in avocado and mustard.When I'm complaining about these sorts of things, you know I'm being nitpicky, but nitpicky is what separates a 4 star experience from a 5 star one.  A challenger to Capriottis throne has emerged.
3	Great food horrible service. A guy named josh was horrible. He left the sandwich maker all by himself. I felt sorry for him.
4	I like the set up. It's different then most sandwich shops, makes it easier we don't have to wait in line and tell them what to put on it. They had great customer service and the sandwich was good. Ill be coming back to try the others. I'd say overall my girlfriend and I had a good experience !
5	This is a good sandwich.Actually, this is a REALLY good sandwich.The concept is actually pretty cool: Grab a bag from one of several sandwich types, customize your order to how you want it (from toasted/non-toasted bread, condiments, garnishes, etc), hand it to the cashier, wait a few minutes, and BOOM!  Tasty sandwich.Actually, the bag idea is really clever.  It ensures that you get what you want (seeing how it's printed right there), and they do offer a lot of sandwich varieties and options within each variety.I've been here about 3-4 times now, and have yet to have a disappointing sandwich.  Everything tastes fresh and flavorful, and they give you so many options, you can really create a great meal.They even have an "Elvis Wich" (peanut butter, bacon, honey, and banana) that looks really tasty and I need to try.  That's listed under "Comfort Foods".  Their egg salad and chicken salads are top notch.They do their own potato chips (solid), and I discovered that they do their own milkshakes last night.Even the staff is friendly.  Always polite, and make sure that you are enjoying your meal.  The service is fast and thorough.It all started as a whim, going in here.  But now that I've been a few times, this is a place that I am starting to think about more and more to get my sandwich on.  And I do love a good sandwich.And they do have a good sandwich.They have a REALLY good sandwich.
3	I did not have a great sandwich here but I believe I ordered badly and next time I will try something different. I was there at about 11 a.m. and to me that is when a breakfast sandwich is an option. It is a little different from most sandwich stores. You pick out a sandwich bag, a marker and then you fill in dots alongside the ingredients listed on aforesaid bag. It felt like homework.So I order bacon, egg, feta cheese and wheat bread. I did not oder it toasted. Upon opening the wrapper the sandwich self disrupted. The bacon is bacon bits, NOT rashers. They spilled everywhere, the egg was ok but the cheese was cold { should have toasted it} . Bacon should not be in a jar. Period.So, a big disappointment but I will go again and order a non bacon sandwich and give the review an update.PS. Check in on Yelp before your order and you'll get a free add-on.
5	Love this place! It's only 5 minutes away from my place and it's so good and unique! Going here more often.
4	WICKED!!That's my usual order when I hit up Which Wich.  Consist of Turkey, Roast Beef, Ham, Pepperoni, and Bacon. I usually get this in a regular, but have placed a double down on the meat when I'm really fiending for protein.  Simply delicious and will keep you full for at least the next couple of hours.What sets Which Wich apart from the rest of the so called sandwich shops is the ordering process.  You grab a bag based on the type of sandwich you're going to devour shortly.The bags are labeled Ham/Pork, Beef, Chicken, Seafood, Vegetarian, Italian, Comfort, Classics, Breakfast, and The Wicked.  Prices are $5.75 for a 7", $7.25 for a 10.5", and $9.25 for their 14".  On the bag is your dream come true check off list.  Here is where YOU choose the type bread you want, condiments, extras, cold/hot, etc.  You go in line, hand them your completed checklist, pay, and then they stick your bag on a clip/wire (Hooters Style).  Sandwich is completed and it's put inside the bag you just filled out.  Simple and it actually keeps the lines down. Food is fresh here.  So, if your sandwich is worse than par, it's really your fault because you technically created your own sandwich.  My only issue with their sandwiches is the bread.  Their bread is a bit thick or bready if that makes any sense.  I keep on forgetting, but need to find out if the option for "Skinny my Wich" means a lighter bread.  Service is hit or miss.  I've had excellent service and most recently witnessed some bad service.  The cashier was having register issues and taking it out on the rest of the team.  My thoughts?...Which Witch!!!  This is not something that will keep me away.  Everyone is entitled to a bad day every once in a while.  TIP:  Restaurant is little cramped and during the summer the windows work like magnifier glasses which burn you up.  Eat Outside = Problem Solved.
5	Now which wich knows how to make a rockin' sub!Nothing is more delish to me than a good sandwich... When I walked in guess I had that confused look on my face, but the nice female clerk came right over warmly greeted me and asked if it was my first visit. She took the initiative to politely, without making me feel dumb, to explain how their place 'works' where you find your '#' or sandwich variety on the menu, select a bag, choose a marker and write down your own custom style sandwich and what you would like on it. you can select or opt out of ingredients. write in custom options and personalize with your name knowing this bag will be made for you specifically. Then if you check in on Yelp you'll get a free "add on" which in my case I used for extra cheese. then the gal asked if I wanted a sandwich punch card and howMondays are a double punch day and so on.Overall, awesome customer service & great menu selections! This is the place if you want a really good quick lunch customized to your liking and taste.
4	This is an fun little sandwich shop.You enter and there are a variety of different little brown bags you choose from divided up by type of meat (and yes there are vegetarian options). You pick a bag and a pen.You choose your meats, then your cheeses, then a variety of veggies, sauces, toppings, add ons, and so on and so forth. There are TONS of options.They can thin your wich (by carving out the excess bread - which I did) to save you calories and carbs.This was a great little shop. On par with other great sandwhich places (not Subway). Worth checking out, but nothing to drive across town about either.
1	This started out as a 5 star review a few hours ago. Service was fantastic, sandwiches delicious. I got the buffalo chicken my husband the bac-hammon. Within 2 hours we are both sitting here very sick. Something was contaminated! The only two items that were the same on our sandwiches were mayo and provolone. So it was that or someone failed to wash their hands. Sorry, but after this incident i don't think we will be returning :(
4	Nice atmosphere.  The ordering is different, you pick a sandwich meat type, grab a bag which has the choices of stuff you want on sandwich, mark what you want. Take bag to counter, pay & in a few minutes your made sandwich the way you wanted it comes up. Very tasty, will try them again.
4	Not sure if I am the only person, but I find the whole ordering process here a tad annoying.  You pick out a brown paper bag based upon the sandwich you choose and then proceed to take a test about what you will be eating. After a few trips, I finally think I've figured out how to fully bubble in the appropriate circles for the toppings of my choice, but I still have scan-tron flashbacks everytime I order.  While I appreciate the effort to come up with an inventive concept, all those standardized tests may have scarred me for life, but I digress.The sandwiches here are solid and a nice change of pace from Subway.  I feel singlehandedly responsible for the rapid growth of that franchise, but even I have a limit to how many times I can eat Subway in a month.  The Wicked looks pretty awesome, but my diet keeps me eating the sandwiches which are conveniently marked "LITE."  I've enjoyed everything I've ever eaten here.  The bacon here (okay, I cheated once and got some) is actually bacon bits and better than it sounds.   If you like spicy, do yourself a favor and order the hot pepper mix on any sandwich and don't forget to grab a handful of paper towels before you cop a squat.
4	I love the sandwiches here and the concept of "building" your own on the paper bags is fun and unique.  I happened upon Which Wich while working down in Rancho Sante Fe, CA...we ended up eating there for lunch nearly every day.  Then while on a project in Dallas we found one located in the mall...BAM, nearly every lunch was had there too!  The milkshakes are outstanding too...they actually use real ice cream and Hershey's chocolate syrup.  Forget about the chips in the bag from Vicky whoever it is...it's all about the house chips in the brown bag here; get two (they are small and you'll have them gone before your sub arrives).Too bad there is only one in Vegas...and it is in the most inconvenient area of town for me based on my home and work sites. Oh well...worth the trip here and there.I also noticed a Rita's Italian Ice is going in next door...that's another reason to force me out of my comfort zone and travel out to Rainbow/95.
5	Got dinner here last night (8:15 pm) and the two guys working gave A+ service!!!! Sandwiches are as good as it gets! Thanks guys, we have a new favorite sammy shop!
4	I like this place because it is not your run-of-the-mill sub shop. Changing the way customers order subs makes it more fun. My only deduction is that EVERY time I go there the tables always have crumbs or are dirty.
4	I have been to Which Wich several times and I always enjoy their delicious sandwiches.  They have your normal sandwiches that you find at all of the sandwich shops, as well as some fun one like the Monte Cristo that comes with grape jelly.  Yummy! I find the quality of these sandwiches are quite high and I am always delightfully full after having lunch here.  Each sandwich is made to your specifications right when you order.  If you want fun options like flavored mayo, interesting toppings, sauces, and even onion choices (though is there really a choice when crispy onions are available) this is your spot!I also like the ordering system here.  You pick a bag that corresponds to your sandwich and you mark exactly what you want on said sandwich.  This way there is no mistakes or nastiness like a yucky olive sneaking in if you didn't ask for them.  You put your name on the bag and turn it in to the cashier.  When you get your bag back, it is filled with delightfulness!The prices are great too.  You can get a full combo meal of a regular sandwich, chips, and a drink for $8.  I am always stuffed with this size, but there are bigger ones too for larger appetites.  They have an email club as well that you can sign up for.  They will email all sorts of coupons pretty regularly to save you even more $$$.  They also have a Yelp check in freebie too, so go check them out and get a great sandwich!
4	Tried Which Wich today for the first time and was able to use my coupon (free reg sub w/purchase of chips and drink) which I received after signing up for their email/online offers. The sandwich itself deserves 5 stars, however, I'm docking one due to the poor customer service. Maybe these guys were just tired from working the lunch rush, maybe they've had a long day, but in my experience, nothing excuses poor customer service (please also keep in mind, I've too had a long day but was still able to thank you and smile). I've read about their stamp card, but wouldn't know anything else about it since it wasn't offered (and I just remembered as I logged back unto Yelp) :( Maybe next time.
3	I had heard the sandwiches were good at this place so I thought I would stop in and try it. Right away, I saw a photo of one that looked tasty and....wth?  How the heck do you order?  Ok, I see folks checking on a bag so I grab one and find a pen...Dang, I should have brought in my reading glasses because I'm going cross eyed trying to read the bag to check what I want - I didn't know I would have to take a test to order a sandwich!  I want the one I saw in he photo!  After getting my sandwich accessories finally picked out, I couldn't find where to check what kind of meat I wanted...now I'm feeling like an idiot and the line behind me is starting to get longer...  I left this first time without ordering however, I tried again with the kids and someone was directing ordering traffic this time and we figured it out and the sandwich was very good. You have to wait a long time to get it made but it's tasty. Overall this is a once two star experience now a tree star due to being a veteran order now and the product tasting good. However, it's still cumbersome to order and you have to wait by comparison to other sandwich shops a while for your order
4	the staff was friendly and helpful since it was my first time there. i like the concept and complete customization. i got the pesto chicken on wheat with veggies and avocado. yummm. the price isnt bad either!
4	Solid sandwich for sure. The only complaint I have is in regards to their bread. It falls apart while you are eating it. Other than that, the sandwich, staff, and options are top notch. All the vegetables are fresh. The meats and cheeses comes in a generous amount. I got the chicken pesto sandwich on wheat bread stuffed with a bunch of spinach, tomatoes, onion, bell pepper, and feta cheese, but it needed a kick. They didn't put any hot peppers into the sandwich like I asked for, but it was still really good.The way to order is rather neat. You pick a sandwich bag and mark the items you want to add. For the amount of food you get, the prices are pretty reasonable. I could have easily made my 10 inch sub two meals, but I just kept eating.
4	I am diagnosing Which Wich with sandwich shop schizophrenia.  One moment you'll think it's the greatest thing in sandwich history and the next moment you'll wonder why it tastes so bland.Let's break it down this way:- Meat toppings: delicious, fresh.  Specifically the roast beef and the buffalo chicken.  Simply brilliant.- Cheese toppings: spot on.  Well done Which Wich!  Specifically, the sharp cheddar (delicious) and the blue cheese (real blue cheese, not blue cheese dressing).- Veggie toppings: crisp and fresh with real flavor.- Bread: . . . Alright, Which Wich, let's talk.  You could be the greatest sandwich shop in the world, but your bread is tasteless and uninteresting.  It has ruined more than one sub for me before.  Sometimes I take the filling out of the sub and eat it alone because the bread is so bad.  I've taken to getting the bread toasted to try to hide the lack of flavor.On the contents of its subs, Which Wich is a sandwich god.  But add in the awful bread and Which Wich ranks behind Capriotti's (which is in a different league from all sub shops) and right behind Jimmy John's.
1	Despite the reviews, the sandwiches were not good at all. The meat tasted per packaged and as if it were turning.  Their ordering system is clunky and confusing.  Unfortunately, I can not recommend this place.
1	Easily the most disgusting meal I have ever tried to eat in a restaurant. My husband and I decided to grab lunch, he suggested the Which wich based on the yelp reviews. I ordered the Reuben which was a new menu item. I ordered the sandwich hot. There was only one other person in the store, they were not busy. When I received the sandwich, the cheese was not even melted, calling it luke warm would be kind. When bit into the sandwich I could not physically bite through it because it was like biting into a piece of grizzled shoe leather. To say it was fatty doesn't even begin to describe the texture. So, to be fair, I tried the other half, same deal. So gross. I then threw the sandwich away. The boy behind the counter asked me how the sandwich was and I told him. He said "oh, ya, the meat looked really fatty and the pieces that were in there didn't looked wrapped right, and there wasn't a lot of meat." At that point all I could do was stare at him in disbelief that he essentially told me he was A) to lazy to cut new meat for my sandwich B) he opted to put what he described as "not wrapped right meat" on a sandwich and serve it. What does that mean not wrapped right?!? Like not to health code, like bad meat?!? Then the manager comes out and the kid's sort of back peddling and says to the manager "they didn't do a very good job last night." To which the manager responds "yeah, well they were really busy." WOW... Not once was I offered compensation, apology or any other reason to ever eat at that lousy place again. Save yourself the trouble go somewhere else even the crappiest chain sub shop I can think of has better service and food.
3	One of my favorites because of all the options + sweet tea. This particular location is so slow. Limited seating. Took 20 minutes to get my sandwich while standing around waiting. 3 guys working, only 1 making sandwiches.
3	I am a sandwich snob and i would say this is a above average sub sandwich. I would rate these sandwiches in a category above port of subs and jimmy johns, Subway  but below caps, pops, beach hut, earl of sandwich.The customer service is pretty good and the meats not bad,
4	It was my first time going there last night and I was so confused.... no one helped me or my bf figure out what we were looking at with all the bags, markers, numbers, and choices.... we're not the brightest couple ha but we figured it out and I was pleased with my order ^.^ all the vegetables were very fresh I couldn't really taste the pesto on the chicken but I order some on the side so it was fine. I would go there again ;)
5	First time in.... Wow! Really good. I got a skinny veggie and I loved it. The employees made me feel welcome. Pretty nice to walk in and not feel like you are bothering them.     YUMMY!
1	I used to LOVE Which Wich but the last three times that I went there, there sandwiches are disgusting. How are they disgusting? They smear all the mustard all over the sandwich on the bread, it's NEVER in the middle of the sandwich. It's always on the bread where it's all soggy even when I asked them to not do that.Usually the workers are very snobby and they act like you are a pain for asking something so reasonable.
3	Love the food. Tons of options. Thank You Turkey is my absolute favorite. Punch card where you get a free sandwich after 10 sandwiches (or something like that). The only issue is the service. If it's busy it usually isn't even worth sticking around but even on a slow day it seems like it takes longer than it should. The staff is nice and always apologizes for the wait...but personally I would just rather they figure out  a faster way to make their sandwiches.
5	Which which is bomb! Definitely suggest this place to anyone! Come in,choose which sandwich you'd like by selecting the coinciding bag. On the bag has your options (cheese,topping,condiments,etc),mark them off and hand it to the line and you're set. Got the pesto chicken with feta and pesto sauce, deliciousness!
4	Reuben is almost better than Bagel Cafe's down the street and half the price.  Gotta have Juan make your sandwich...he's the best!  I was the only person in there and I gave him a tip...it helps to treat employees well!
3	Good, solid sandwiches. They have a good assortment of sandwiches and they are all, by the very nature of their set-up/gimmick, extremely customizable. You grab the appropriate bag (chicken, turkey, etc), mark what toppings you want on your sandwich and hand it to the cashier. The first time you walk in, that unusual system can be a little confusing, but on our first visit, the cashier came out from behind the counter and happily explained it to us. I actually dig this system because, after you know what you're doing, it cuts down on mistakes. And then, when/if it does happen, it's most likely your own fault, so you have no one else to blame. Like I said, good sandwiches, friendly staff, fresh and efficient system, but nothing mind-blowing. When I'm in the area, like before catching a movie at the AMC, I'll definitely be stopping in again, but beyond that, I probably wouldn't make a trip solely to eat here.
2	Let me start by saying the service was exceptional!  They led us through the ordering process and asked if we wanted to add on chips/drink etc and made sure we knew of the charges.  We ordered the Thanks Turkey - or what I like to call Thanksgiving on a sandwich.  I have ordered this at other shops - not Which Wich.  I am used to having fresh turkey on the sandwich not cold cuts.  The stuffing was hot where the rest of the sandwich was cold.  Just kinda didn't flow for me.  My mother ordered a roast beef on wheat.  Whereas her RB was good, the bread was a bit stale.  As she stated, it tasted like it had been around for a few days.  Maybe it was an off day for the shop as well as us.  I have friends who rave about this place!
5	Delicious food! You customize your own sandwhich and it always comes out fantastic.  My only "complaint" is that it takes a few minutes to make them, and really it's not a complaint this isn't Subway so be prepared to have an amazing meal take a second to prepare.
1	Employee uses their cell phones with gloves on their hands and makes sandwiches with same gloves. Dirty food, also dirty finger nails, dirty shirts, dirty sagging pants.Nasty employees with nasty food!Also took 30 minutes to get the sandwich with only one employee. This location should be closed down.
4	My first time here I was just standing there staring at the wall. Even though the guys behind the counter explained everything to me, I still had to take a couple minutes just to decide what I wanted.Finally I decided to go with the original Philly, which was the #8 bag. Apparently this was their designated product development bag in which they come up with experimental sandwiches. The other bags are other things like chicken, pork, beef, etc.So you grab a designated numbered bag, check off all your choices on that bag whether its extra or nothing of something. Lastly, don't forget to put your name before you hand it off to the guys behind the counter. Pay and then wait. They put the bags up on a clothes line while they make it. Nice concept. They read what you checked off so there is no mistake. As soon as its done, they put it in your bag and call your name.Back to my Philly. It was decent. Two things though. It was kind of small with only the one size choice (7 inches) and thought it need some kind of sauce. I asked the guys if they had anything spicy to put in my sandwich. They gave me a small cup of spicy ranch sauce which I should of had them put in my sandwich in the first place.Overall, I had a good experience. I just thought the sandwich was a bit small. I think next time I will get the "The Wicked" sandwich. Based on the pic, it does look pretty wicked with all the different meats up in there.Yelp 2014 Review Challenge #38
4	We have been looking for a good sandwich place and finally found it. We shared an Italian and it was soooo good. Sure you have to build your own, but the fresh bread and ingredients make up for that. We will definitely be back to try some of the others.
4	First time visiting this establishment. I had some initial confusion withe ordering process. Once figured out it is quite easy. Take bag of the protein you want, put name on bag, select ingredients, give to cashier. Ordered the "Wicked" wich which they say is the signature sandwich. It has Roast beef, Turkey, Bacon, pepperoni, and ham. You select three cheeses (went with american, swiss, mozzarella) with yellow mustard. Had them toast it and it was delicious. The proteins and cheese muddle together as tends to happen when you have too much of a good thing. All in all a fine experience.
5	You've gotta try the wicked!!! I've filled two of their punch cards on just the wicked sandwich....it's a must try
5	I used to eat at Which Wich in Colorado, but kind of forgot about it when I moved to Las Vegas. My girlfriend is all about Jimmy Johns, and they're ok, but when I saw there was a Which Wich not too far from where I lived, I couldn't wait to try it.  I wasn't disappointed. I'm a vegetarian, and this is one of the few sandwich places I can get something other than bread, mayo and grilled onions (I'm looking at you, Subway). My go to Wich is a black bean patty on wheat with lots of feta.  The menu can be a bit daunting at first, but the staff at Wich Wich will walk you through, and they do it in such friendly way, you don't feel too self conscious your first time.  I'm a fan of Which Wich, especially this location. Stop by and grab a Wich sometime. You'll love it.
2	The Which-Wich in Glendale, AZ is one of my favorite spots. It's a good sandwich. But the mismanagement of this location makes it not worth the stop. First time I was here they had run out of ice (pretty big deal in the desert). Today's visit was marred by: -long wait due to understaffing-watching multiple customers bring sandwiches back due to wrong ingredients-giving part of my order to someone elseWhat's the point of personalizing the ordering process (orders and names written on the bag) if you cannot make sandwiches correctly and get them to the right people??Unlikely to return to this location.
4	Have driven by this place dozens of times and read some reviews. Decided to try it out. i like the fact that you can grab your bag and mark exactly what you want on your sandwich. Had their Italian Grinder(salami, pepperoni, & capicola), hot. Overall i was pretty impressed. Nice guys working, and will probably be back. Better option than Capriotti's, Firehouse, Subway, Jimmy John's, and Port O' Subs.
1	as I always do, I had a craving for sandwiches and decided to try a new place to order sandwiches from in the area. When I walked in I noticed that the place was a little bit busy and were only two guys working in the store, they handed me and my friend bags with sharpies and didn't further explain how we were supposed to order how the process worked or anything. After reading all of the different bags and trying to figure out which one was different from the rest we noticed on top of all of the bags were the names of their signature sandwiches. We ordered a shrimp sandwich & the five meat sandwich which took them 25 minutes to make, which wouldn't have been a big deal if they greeted us, explained the menu, and weren't rude local high school boys who looked like they didn't want to be there. The shrimp sandwich was not only soggy it wasn't all the way cooked, the bread and sauce seemed watery, the shrimp tasted like fish sticks. The 3 meat sandwich looked like it could have some potential from the presentation of it but the overall sandwich was bland. No wow-factor at all, non-informative employees, if you want a good sandwich I suggest the deli department in Smith's over this joint.
4	This is a pretty quality sandwich!I have eaten here 5 or so times and never been disappointed!I have had the BLT, one of my favorites.. I love the chopped up bacon!The tuna was good and the chicken too.Their bread is really fresh. All around, just a really good sandwich!!
2	Found place on yelp after a day of hiking. Starved. The ordering system is annoying, im not a fan of the bag thing. My sandwich was way overpriced, however, when it came out the medium was larger than i thought. I had to take other half home. I got the wicked with toppings and added free avocado thanks to yelp. Free add on with check in.... You will need it! I ordered a hot wich but it came put cold, none of the cheese was melted like i like. Also, by the time my sandwich came out, my two friends already at most of theirs. Not enjoyable experience.
1	I've driven past this place a ton of time so decided to stop and try it out. The food was okay. My problem with this restaurant is that the ordering process is complicated and no one was really willing to explain it. Once I finally did order I sat down and watched my food being made. To my horror I watched one of the sandwich makers fix her hair while wearing gloves, and then make a sandwich, and the other did some cleaning and stocking of shelves, and then make a sandwich, both without changing gloves. No matter how good the food might have been (which, in this case not very) I would never eat there again. If this is the standard they have in the front of the house I can only imagine what they do out of site.
3	Shrimp Po boy was fab but too small for $9! They have Mr. PIBB & MELLO Yellow.  Still craving shrimp. I shall return.
3	Really fun sandwich place!  U can really create what ever your craving cough* cough* Elvis Wich I love you!! They also have healthy lettuce wrap version of all sandwiches and alot of vegetarian options Only wish the staff was more helpful because the ordering process can be confusing on your first visit. Also they have been out of main ingredients on several of my visits..... no bueno
4	Great vegetarian or vegan option. Quick, fresh, easy, with lots of options. A scan-tron flashback to elementary school when you order. But still the food is good and fairly inexpensive. I wish there were more of these around town.
4	Which wich, why oh why do you only have one location when I could eat so much more of you if you were closer? Also, why did it take so many sandwich shops to finally come up with this FREAKIN" AMAZING concept? You choose your bag via your choice of meat; turkey, ham, chicken, roast beef etc. Then write down or check off every single thing you want on it! Want balsamic? No problem! How about olive spread? They have that too. Honey mustard AND spicy mustard, YUP- they can pull it off! They also always have a special, most recent was the pastrami. Do yourself a favor and get the VOODOO chips. They taste like barbecue met up with jalapeno and had a salt and vinegar baby. Real ice cream shakes, and hot cookies. Do I need to even keep typing? Why are you not there yet? Or at least bookmarking it on Yelp!They have punch cards, with double punch Mondays. Not once have I had to wait long, or experience anything other than stellar service. My only complaint is the one location, far far away. But it's worth the drive, so they will continue to get my business.
5	I asked my boyfriend if I should give them a 4 or 5 star rating and he says, "of course a 5!" So that settles it. We've gone here over 10 times, probably closer to 20, in the past few months and 9 times out of 10 the service is awesome. We have come here right before they closed once or twice and it wasn't the greatest.Every time we go, we both get the same thing. He gets his chicken cordon bleu with house chips, hot peppers, crispy onion strings plus all of the normal goodies. I get the veggie with avocado, house chips, and crispy onion strings and all of the other normal goodies. We always share chips. The small sandwich is enough to fill me up and have extra while my boyfriend eats all of his.Like I said, normally the service is pretty awesome and the wait is worth it for a delicious sandwich. They have a punch card and there's double punch Monday! Pretty much awesome. We will always be coming back.
4	Tasty sandwich with lots of add-on's available, however the ordering system is bizarre.  I did like that I could choose healthy add-on's, such as spinach, mushroom and onion.  I also like that you have a choice of having your sandwich served hot or cold.  The location itself is really small and on a 100+ degree day, it was tough to get a seat for 2 people.  We'll be back!
5	This place is not as complicated as everyone is making it seem!!! Super easy. You basically have 10 different types of menus that could be made into a sandwich, lettuce wrap or a salad bowl... The workers were helpful and friendly. Thankfully I came here despite these reviews about it being too complicated and chaotic!Definitely a must try! I also love it that they have a nice variety for vegetarians, like myself :) Don't let the other reviews fool you!
3	Let me start by saying, I LOVE sandwiches. If I don't feel like cooking dinner, a sandwich will always fill the void.The sandwiches here were not really a step above what I could do at home, they are more akin to Subway quality than Earl of Sandwich.Prices-Meh Quality-Meh Overall-Meh
3	Sandwiches are pretty good..only reason why I'm not giving them 5 stars is due to there lack of cleanliness..the past few times I have been there the tables are never wiped down, how can I sit an enjoy my sandwich when there is mayo and bread crumbs all over the tables...And then there's  crumbs all over the floor, I mean has anyone heard of a broom...how can you expect customers to continue to want eat there if you can't keep the place clean...
4	A true custom sandwhich. I get the pepperoni, mozzarella, and tomato sauce  one everytime. I guess it's really just like ordering pizza but there is something so good about I can't get myself to order anything different. I also get a cookie that they heat up for you sooo yummy!! Fresh hot cookies!!
3	Not my first pick for a sandwich chain, but gotta give them props for their multitude of customization options: where else can you get grilled onions, sliced egg, and pesto on your sandwich without anyone batting an eye?Downsides: the ordering process isn't clearly outlined on signage at the door, so there's a backup if there are more than 3 customers in the store who don't know what they're doing. This is all locations I've been to though, not this one specifically.Appreciate that orders are written down to ensure accuracy, but the system still relies on employees filling the orders and they're prone to human error- like forgetting the sliced egg I paid extra for and randomly tossing on jalapenos, when the olive salad is already a bit spicy.The caprese option on the menu is a welcome addition, but the cheese is of low quality and this location didn't have balsamic, so it didn't hit the spot.Italian option is solid, as are their Philly sandwiches, but I usually customize something ridiculous- free premium topping with check in, word!
1	I was eating my wicked , as I seen the manager ask everyone how there food was doing  . I was resting my feet on a chair and he told me , that I couldn't have my feet on the chair . Then he asked me if I could eat my food at the tables outside , so a family of 4 could eat there meal. Cause I was eating at a table that sat 4. So I moved outside too finish eating my meal . After 5 mins my milk shake had melted . It's 1pm and like 105 degrees outside. So my milkshake, is melted so I pored it out in the trash and walked in too fill it up with juice . The manager approaches me again , he tells me I have too pay for the juice in my cup . So he takes my cup dumps it out and tells me too stand in line to purchase a new one . By the time I get back outside to finish my food I see that my sandwich is on the floor and there's birds picking at it .So I just left without finishing .
2	Tonight I ordered a Hula (ham and pineapple) sandwich on wheat bread with swiss cheese, honey mustard, red onion, avocado, spinach, cucumber and mushroom. When I got home and started eating, I felt like something was missing. Upon further inspection I found that what was missing was the honey mustard, spinach and red onion. Furthermore, the avocado, which is an add on and typically an extra charge, should have been free with my Yelp check-in. I confirmed this with the guys behind the counter and they told me to mark it on the bag and I would not be charged. I did so and I was still charged until I brought it up. Then they proceded to take their time. Two guys and two sandwiches to make, including mine. Yet only one sandwich was made and my order sat waiting. When they finally started it still seemed to take a long time. When I went to the counter to check on the progress, I was treated to a look of distrust. After all that and they mess up my order by leaving out three requested and desired items. Disappointing,Which Wich. Disappointing.
5	Its a different kind of sandwich shop. You order your sandwich from a paper bag by chinking the items you like.
3	How much wich would a which wich wich if a which wich could which wich?Now that we have that out of the way, let's talk about one of my favorite things: sandwiches. Which wich is a joint that I've visited several times and I have no qualms about. The location is pretty great with it being next to my gym, movie theater and several stores and it's right off the freeway. The sandwiches are well made with a nice courteous staff with no complaints. The prices are fair, there's never too much of a crazy wait. In terms of sandwich hierarchy I'd put it above subway, port of subs and jersey mikes  but below Capriottis, firehouse subs and Jason's deliOverall, they're a good sandwich place that doesn't disappoint, but they're more of a "if you're in the area" and less of a "I'm going to make a drive" type of sandwich place
5	What can I say? I am a whore for Which Wich. I know in reality its a run of the mill sandwich place but they have so many little features that speak to me it catapults ahead of almost any other place. 1. Milkshakes. More sandwich places should have milkshakes. More any place should have milkshakes. Not only do they have milkshakes, but their milkshakes are awesome as can be seen by all the boy sin the yard. Milkshake2. Pellet ice. For those of you who aren't ice conniseurs like me, pellet ice is the little sphere shaped ice pieces as opposed to large chunks. The increase in surface area makes drinks cool faster and the ice better to chew. It also creates a sort of archipelago  of icy cold deliciousness on the top of a soda and makes it fizz more. Pellet ice is the pinnacle of human evolution. 3. Skinny- nothing ruins a fine sandwich like too much bread. The skinny at which wich turns those preposterous french rolls into little more than a thin crispy exoskeleton of bread leaving plenty of room to stuff with delicious meats and cheeses without making the sandwich explode4. Ordering is quick and efficient. Sure, 1 out of 3 people in the door have no idea what is going on, but that just means you can cut in line in front of them -if they can't protect their space in line then it would be unAmerican not to.5. Online app- all my orders have been ready on time for pickup, more than can be said for other so called sandwich places6. Consistency - anyone who has ever been to a subway knows that how good your sandwich is will be a product of the individual sandwich artist. Some of them paint like picaso, others turn your order into a Jackson Pollack. Which Wich may not have the artistry but consistency more than makes up for it.
4	A gourmet sandwich shop that blows Subway out of the water! A small 'Wicked' which, a bag of chips and a drink is about $10.00. The things you can add and do to your wich makes it worth the money. Hummus?! Pesto?! Crispy onions?! The price is the downside. The taste makes me come back for more.
4	Went there for the first time today, the system was really easy to figure out, but the lady in front of me didnt seem to think so. My sandwich was really good even though i F'd up and added mayo and mustard, forgetting it comes with thousand island on it. so besides the sauce overload, the turkey tasted great, the bread was warm and toasty. Next time i'll try a milkshake since everyone else that was there was getting one. I took off a star because I wish they had soup.
2	I went there at 7:30. On a Friday, they're supposed to be open until 9, but the lights were off and the chairs were up on the table.  It would have been nice to see what the fuss is about.
1	I went here because it was easy and I had hoped fast while I was on my lunch break. I was the only customer there so thought I would be in and out. I placed my order and listened to the three workers there complain and gossip about their coworkers, one even said someone needed to work on their customer service. What's funny about that statement is that I watched the person who was supposed to be making my food stand and talk to his coworkers for about 7 minutes. I spent more time staring at him chit chatting then it did to make my simple sandwich. The sandwich was overpriced imo and I could've got a bigger one for less at subway that would've tasted the same. Really disappointed with this experience and wouldn't go back or recommend it to anyone.
3	I tried this place again after the manager reached out to me after my original review.  First of all, let me say that the service there on 11/8 at around 1:30 p.m. was great. Both of the people working there were friendly and helpful.  I ordered a turkey sandwich with mayo and dijon mustard, pepper jack cheese and pretty much all of the vegetables. Their bread was nice and fresh and the turkey was quality meat. All I could taste was the mustard though, so I can't comment on the overall taste.  One thing that stood out was the quality. This isn't Subway/Port of Subs etc. Let's not even mention Quiznos. I got the house chips, which I kind of thought that they would make there, but they seem to be just regular ridged potato chips. They remind me of some that I got from Trader Joe's or Fresh and Easy, salt and pepper chips. They have a slightly lemony or limey taste too, which is pretty good. Their drink selection is OK.  I have never had Mello Yello and I am not really a soda drinker, so I went with the iced tea, which is obviously from a mix, the Gold Peak kind, which is OK. Their mix was a little off on the tea.  Freshly made real iced tea would have added a star. If you are a soda drinker, know that they have Diet Coke, not Coke Zero. I feel like the prices are really reasonable - It was under $10 for my sandwich, chips, and a drink in a reusable cup.  I would definitely not avoid it, but I didn't love it.  I am planning to try it again to have their salad.
5	Blows subway out of the water FASHO! Workers are always very kind and the place is always kept tidy. I order a lot of different toppings and they never get it wrong. huge plus is they will wrap your sand which in lettuce if you wana be a skinny girl and it tastes delish
2	This was my first time to this shop.  I pride myself being somewhat of a sandwich connoisseur so I was excited to try this place out.  I enjoyed being able to write what I would like on the sandwich bag. I was a little disappointed that the gyro was unavailable. We put in our order and waited.  While we were waiting the staff proceeded to talk with their friends who were just hanging out in the store.  The friends were in the food area when he was making our food and running around chasing one of the girls who worked there.  We ended up waiting around 15-20 minutes for our sandwiches and we were the only customers in the store.  It just seems like a poorly managed establishment.  I felt really uncomfortable being in there.The food was ok.  Nothing compared to Capriottis.
3	like most people..this is above subway and port of subs,  its  close to my house soI use it as a go to "i don't wanna cook tonight place'.   my oldest son always gets the 14 inch Wicked..with everything except olives..it is a monster of a sandwich that should easily feed four, but he eats it all by himself.  All in all we have been here numerous times and my kids never complain so they are alright in my book, plus the shakes are darn good.
4	Four and a half months have passed since I had my awful experience at Which Wich.  After my last review update I received a message from a manager offering apologies for the poor experience I had and explained there was a recent staffing change.  I was encouraged to give it another try.  It took me four and a half months to get back but I did.Last night I was craving a meatball sandwich and knew Which Wich to have a good one in the past.  I ordered a 10.5" on wheat with mozzarella cheese, marinara sauce, black olives, pickles, bell pepper, caramelized onions, spinach, mushrooms and oregano.  Everything was on it this time!  And it was delicious.  Service was good and never once did all the employees leave in the middle of making a sandwich.  There were actually as many as three people behind the counter at one time.  Service was only slowed by the customer in front of me who could not figure out what to order.  Couldn't find her credit card.  Seemed in a hurry and then took a phone call and left the restaurant as they tried to give her the sandwich she was in such a hurry for.  The cashier and I had a good chuckle over that one. I had a much better experience this time around.  Maybe now it wont take an act of email and four and a half months to get back for my next visit.
4	I visited here for the first time the other night only because it was right beside the barber shop. Just in the right place at the right time. After my hair cut I walked it and was immediately greeted by the friendly staff. One of the gilrs asked me if I had ever been here and I said "No". She was quick to explain the menu and how it all works which was great. I probably would have been looking at it for hours. I orderd the philly cheese steak as they recommend as the best sandwich. I was very impressed with my meal. It seemed a little over priced as I paid 12 dollars for the combo but I guess you get what you pay for!
5	Our first time here. We will be back.   Order their shakes! I recommend the surf and turf.
