5	This is the newest addition to sushi in the northwest area. My husband and I ventured into Krazy Sushi after hearing about 50% your bill opening week. After entering and being very warmly greeted and seated, We were told they will be offering 50-20 % off the bill for the next couple weeks. We were like kids in a candy store!!! We usually don't sit at the sushi bar, this time we decided to. My husband was very excited about the menu!! I on the other hand only eat cooked rolls, and i wasn't so please with my options. But after looking over the menu a couple more times I saw a couple things i might enjoy. OMG!!!!!!!!! Watching Johnny ( The owner \ Sushi Chef) make these dishes we couldn't wait to get our food. My husband's belly was full and he wanted more. He knew right away we needed to take pictures of the food and send them to our friends in cali. Our friends love more than anything coming to Vegas and going to Sushi KO, So we knew if they loved Sushi Ko they would love Krazy Sushi. We were right! They came out 2 weeks ago and agreed after eating awesome sushi, drinking 2 bottles of sake and chatting with Johnny it was at least just as good as Sushi Ko.WORTH THE DRIVE TO THE NORTH SIDE.
5	What can i say.... I mean really..Was told by some friends who are locals about this place and swore up n down that this place is as good or better then Sushi-Ko. Hard to believe. Figured, what the crap. why not? Lets try it! Stopped in around 1ish. Had costumers in, and decided to sit at the sushi bar. Greeted by our awesome waitress who took our alcohol order. (I don't believe in soda at sushi bars). Looked through the menu and was surprised at what it consisted of. Ordered numerous sashimi plates and numerous rolls. And not to forget the sake as well. The first bottle I ordered was my typical sake, cant remember the name, but its the same I always order. Took the chefs recommendation on sake and was please.Oh, and the food? Amazing. Fish was super good, super fresh, super fast. The owner, who was our chef at the time was super friendly, chatted with us the entire time, told us how he was hung over. It was great. And to be honest, this is 2nd best sushi Ive ever had. No complaints what so ever. Possibly the fact that maybe they don't have a happy hour? But then again I live 290 miles from this place and it really doesn't matter. I hope nothing but the best for this business. and Esp for the owner who was amazing and I couldn't have asked for a better sushi experience For the record, my super picky sister even loved it. And that says a lot. Sushi-Ko, look out, theres some new competition in Vegas.
5	I'm going to go out on a limb and say this is the best sushi joint in las vegas.  I've been to at least 20 sushi restraunts in this city and an uncountable amount of places in california and this is by far my favorite.   This place gives you the best of all worlds.  Amazing service, impecable cuisine and at a great price.  Jhonny, who is the chef as well as the owner, is awesome.  The fish is super fresh, andf being from california the fish here is 100% better quality then most places on the coast.  Atmosphere is nice, but remember this is a small joint so don't expect party central. Over all when considering product quality, dish originality and great service this place diserves all 5 stars.  This place is straight up amazing and worth the drive to the northwest part of town.
3	Above average sushi place.  Quality sushi tasted very fresh.  Nice inside with private booths along with sushi bar.  Excellent service.  Good prices.  What else can you ask for?
1	Anyone who thinks this sushi bar is a five-star joint is insane.  I'll give it one star for lovely ambiance, and decent service, but TERRIBLE food.Americanized sushi is a crime against humanity.  Out of the 35 or so specialty rolls offered, almost all of them were deep fried, soaked in sugary sauce, or drenched in mayo.  Ick.  Don't you people want to taste your fish?  Apparently not.Fish quality was poor.  My squid nigiri was GRILLED for some unknown reason, and swimming in lemon juice.  Scallop nigiri was given the same treatment.  I forget what hand roll I ended up ordering, but it came with so much chili oil on it that grease ran down my chin when i took a bite.  I will not be back.Oh yeah, it's also pretty pricey.  For what I spent on my dinner there, I could have gone to my favourite all you can eat place (Sushi Kaya) TWICE.Do not bother with this one.
1	I have to agree with Scarlet P. The food is just BAD. My friend and I decided to check this place out because it's in the neighborhood. When we arrived, we had high hopes because of the enthusiastic welcome we received, not to mention the sign advertising, "Buy one Sake, second one 50% off!" The cherry wood booths and lighting were also very cool.We ordered some rolls and chicken yakisoba, and started off with miso soup. It came out cold. Also, the server forgot to give us chopsticks or spoons......though she was very gracious once we flagged her down.The yakisoba was really greasy, and the vegetables were soggy. The sauce had a mysterious sweet flavor (anise?) that really didn't work. And, the rolls were terrible as well. We had a Rainbow Roll....I can't remember the others, but the rice was overcooked, and the fish didn't taste fresh at all. Will not be returning!
3	First off, they do not have "all-you-can-eat" here. That's not a bad thing at all. I just thought I'd mention it, because we've come to assume that of sushi places here in Vegas and were a little surprised to find out that wasn't the case here.Now to the real review:The restaurant looks nice and the staff are fast and friendly. but they seem to forget little things. My husband got some sushi, and with it, came the usual pickled ginger, but no wasabi. Hmm... No big deal. Our drinks weren't refilled either without us asking. The food however was quite tasty and beautifully plated and also didn't take too long to come out of the kitchen. All in all it was a good experience, but it was a little costly compared to what we're used to here in vegas.
3	I had lunch here one day, a bit mesmerized by the color change sign everytime I go to Smiths beckoning me to pop in.Cute space and the server was friendly in a "modern" kimono. I just wanted something simple- salmon skin and eel rolls. While waiting the server gave a small plate of pickled cucumbers.It was okay. I think they were heavy on a sweet sauce and they put sauce on both rolls not just eel. I wouldn't have minded a small amount on salmon but traditionally it has nothing on it. I know a lot of Americanized taste enjoys having a lot of sauce but it just kills tasting everything else in the roll. I can barely tell the rolls apart by flavor...  I ordered something simple for a reason as it should be no fail. I had $15 sauce for lunch essentially. I took off all the rice off one piece to taste the actual filling and it seemed fresh and had promise that this could have been a pretty happy meal without the bells and whistles sauce.It might be a few blocks away, but if I'm not craving it badly- I'll just wait for a sure place and for the price of a filling meal here I can have quality and AYCE. Don't mind a la carte, but I judge it more as you shouldn't be below par of an AYCE joint. Maybe I'll taste their nigiri and rolls with all sauces on the side and decide on the quality but so far rolls weren't executed properly.
5	I too will go out on a limb and say this is the BEST sushi I've ever had, ANYWHERE. The fish is so fresh and the menu offers a very diverse selection of rolls, cut and hand. I didn't get around to trying nigiri simply because I was so amazed by all the special rolls. It is a bit pricey but I believe VERY worth it. For those not near the area, it is also very worth the drive. Favorites include the Vampire, Volcano, Something Wrong #69, Krazy Sushi Burrito, and Mistake Roll. Whoever says this place is horrible is out of their freaking minds!! FANTASTIC!!!
4	The Krazy Special Soup is sooooo good! Rolls are good.
4	Coming from two people who love their fish growing up in the Puget Sound and San Diego, this place is a must visit.  The prices are very reasonable and the quality is on par with some of the mid to high end sushi places on the strip.  The staff is great as well.  The only thing personally that keeps me from 5 starring this place is that 80% of the menu has crab in it and I'm just not a fan, BUT...the roll menu is by far the most creative I've seen so do not hesitate to give it a try.My best suggestion however, pick a roll and put the menu down immediately, otherwise you will change your mind 10 times the further you go into it.  All in all, very worth the trip
3	I was hungry, I had a new credit card (trouble) and I was going to the supermarket anyway next door. They now have AYCE so I thought I might as well try it since an entree would be close to the price of sampling it all. Lunch is $20.95 for 45 min. and for Dinner it is $26.95 for 1 hour. Appetizers*Seaweed salad- pretty standard, its a good palette cleanser*Fried Scallops- 2pcs an order w/ spicy mayo. Biting into the panko made the slipper scallop fall out but the scallop was fresh and cooked perfectly. *Baked Mussels- 2pc an order. It mostly had a vinegar based sauce/broth with a little bit of mayo...I like this a lot better than all mayo. They cut the mussel in half and detach it from the shell so it's easier to eat. * Salmon Kama/Collar-  This had a lot of meat on it. It wasn't the best kama I've had, but was good. They serve with Ponzu sauce and we Filipinos like that citrusy soy sauce combo on fish so that is always a winner.*Beef Teriyaki/ Yakiniku Skewers- the beef was soft and its the usual teriyaki sauce on it. This isn't cooked on a robata so just think of it as it is- teriyaki without the rice bowl.Rolls-You can order half rolls and you can also do a make your own roll with a upgrade of $1.50, upgrade to brown rice or real grated wasabi for $2.*What The Heck #2- chopped spicy soft shell crab roll with spicy tuna , avocado and sweet mayo. Not bad...I got it because it had something other than imitation crab/california roll bottom. * Salmon Skin Roll- I ordered a handroll, but came as a cut roll...this the last time I came was a fail. There was too much sauce and I couldnt tell the difference between the salmon and the unagi roll I ordered that they both slathered with sauce. This was nice this time and I would keep ordering these up if I didnt get full.Nigiri-*Yellowtail- it wasn't that fresh and tasted more like albacore that yellowtail. I like that they put a thin slice of jalapeno on it though. *Garlic Tuna- the sauce of this is strong, but very nice. It was garlicky, savory and a bit of sweet and some tang. I liked the sauce but of course I couldnt tell the taste/quality of the fish. I know the tuna was fresh though because I was at the bar and that was one of the better looking fish sitting there*Albacore- it was fresh and quite nice*Super White Tuna- this too was fresh* Mackarel- this was pretty fresh tooUnagi- today this was the star. Most places serve this room temperature. Here, they baked it  and served hot so the fatty parts was melty and the edges were crisp. This is how it should be served up. The service was attentive. The sushi chefs were friendly and prompt. The waitress cleared my plates fast, came to check often if I needed any other appetizers from the kitchen and filled my ice tea whenever it was low. Now the hangup- I was waiting on the unagi that was baking and the waitress asks "any dessert?" I said  "I am waiting on a order being made" and she replied " your time is up for all you can eat." Wow, so I checked my phone and I was timed pretty close to 45 minutes, but it wasn't quite there yet. Most places approximate or stretch it out if youre waiting a lot between orders and I have never been to one that cut me off like this. Keep that in mind then- watch your clock and order up in the last 15 minutes. Unlike most AYCE that just charge you the price on the bill, I noticed that everything I ordered was listed on my bill ...they keep tabs basically. Good if its just for their purpose of seeing if this new AYCE venture is cost efficient, but bad if that is the gauge their using to tell you you're cut off.  I told her what ice cream and mochi I wanted. I told her a few seconds earlier that I waiting on something being baked and she still brought ice cream out right away along with my check. So there I was, eating green tea ice cream waiting on unagi. Then I had to eat the unagi quickly because I was trying not to melt my mango mochi & GT ice cream. I ended up with it melted since its the middle of summer. The waitress was very efficient and in this case, too efficient. In trying to get stuff out and be done with me, she lost the consideration that it was actually a rather curt action and that I wasn't ready. It made me feel like I need to get out. I don't like to be hurried during a meal and you should go at your customers pace. I was going to give them 4 stars, until the cutoff/ice cream issue..so 3.5 for now. At least I know better not to ever give them my dessert order if I dont want it right that moment. It's across the street from where I live so I probably will come back if I am hungry and dining alone and nothing of the other restaurants around sound good (I'm always up for Japanese). However, it wont be my regular AYCE spot- that is across town and worth a driveThe NW doesnt have a AYCE place- it's definitely is a niche that can make them popular so it was a smart move. You can have a good dinner here, if you know how to play their game.
4	As we walked in (my bf and I) we were greeted by the hostess and asked if we wanted to sit in the bar area or table. Of course we sat at the bar since we decided to do the all you can eat since we don't really do the specialty rolls we just do the plan sushi. If you love the specialty rolls they do have a wide selection.Order up:4 orders of Octopus1 order of Uni (so I finally decided to try it and it's totally not for me; It really taste like the ocean.)4 orders of Baked Green Mussels (good size)5 orders of Surf Clam (my bf really loves surf clam)1 Order of fresh water Eel1 Order of the Hard Rock Roll (not too bad) 1 Order of Oysters (delicious)1 order of screaming orgasm (I've had better)1 order of crab salad 1 cheesecake So yes you can say we got our money worth. AYCE $26.95 Dinner $20.95 Lunch and just add $5 for all you can drink (domestic beers). They also really do time you because the chiefs tell you that your time is up and you can't order anymore (happened to the people sitting next to us). I know the rules for AYCE but every place I have gone to has never said that to anyone. Overall the service was good, no wait time, clean, and the food was good. So yes I would recommend this place but if you have a big crowd I wouldn't be so sure because if you do decide to do AYCE you might not get your money worth since they do really time you.
2	I used to go here all the time and loved there sushi.  I am a big fan of the pink lady which is a seaweed wrapped spicy tuna with sashimi tuna on the top.  I guess I am just high maintenance but they always used to put the good toro Tuna on top. Since they have AYCE my pink ladies just dont taste the same I want to go back to the days were I just pay 12.95 a pink lady and let my taste buds be in heaven.  The waiter was fast and brought out my orders fast with the AYCE but she sure let me know that you have to eat everything on your plate or they will charge you for the roll.  I think thats why they itemize what you order on the receipt.  I just have a hard time giving a high rating to a restaurant that sacrifices quality for AYCE.  Even if something is AYCE and just doesnt taste good its not really a bargain.
5	We Love Krazy sushi. We Love Johnny. We Love Saki bombs. The sushi is fresh, the service is good, and the AYCE is a great deal.
4	Great service! Not to mention the delicious food! Johnnys specials are one of a kind. Would recommend for a great time!!
4	Krazy Sushi was one of those places you'd drive by and say to yourself, "Well that looks like a cool place to eat" and then drive to your regular spot (in my case Sushi-Mon) leaving the mysterious place in your rear-view, longing to maybe work up the nerve to try it one day.  Well, we finally did and I was content with the choice.The biggest draw to this place is it's neon signage, it is Vegas, so you'd come to expect that neon is just part of the facade.  Secondly, for a month or so they have been offering AYCE sushi which is great in my opinion, I could try all of the sushi I want and not worry about the hefty price tag at the end of the meal.  The rolls themselves are pretty standard for a Vegas sushi joint.  Fairly extensive menu but nothing that you haven't tried already if you're a sushi connosieur.  Aside from the Screaming Orgasm, TNT Roll and Pink Lady (frickin delicious), nothing else really struck my fancy.  Some things to note would be unlike other sushi spots, half-rolls can't be ordered until the final order and keep your ears wide open as "engrish" runs rampant here.  All in all, a good spot to eat, but Sushi-Mon still tops it in my eyes.
2	Bland. They make a very lame attempt to be just like the local king of sushi, sushi loca. All the way from their name to their menu they try to emulate their much better competitor. However they don't come even close. It was bland boring and over priced. Try again krazy ass. If your this close just go to sushi loca. You wont be disappointed.
4	I was hungry, alone at home and it was my birthday. I had a terrible week and so I was in a birthday funk and appreciate that they didn't add to it (see last review- I was a bit miffed). I came on a good day because the fish quality was definitely better this visit than the last. I didn't have one that made me not order another thinking "ew, that's past it's prime". Yellowtail, "super white tuna" were definitely the stars this visit. I had their scallop nigiri and it's interesting...small scallops light mayo and masago instead of straight up slice of a big scallop with lemon that I've had before. The mayo was light enough that you can still taste the flavor of the scallops though.I'm not a roll person and definitely today I felt that trying out the Joe's Special....I don't get it. I just think the crunch of tempura is lost when the sauce is doused on it. Appetizers- this time I tried popcorn calamari. Pretty good little bites with panko and sweet/spicy mayo duo. Also ordered yakitori and baked mussels. Sushi chef is really attentive and rolls out the orders. He handed me an order and would usually ask, "okay, what's next?" Good thing, I guess, considering the time limit is observed here. I suppose it wouldn't be too fair if you're sitting waiting for service and they cut you off. It balances each other out, unless you love to sit and eat slow. I don't- give me that food I hungry! I still don't think this will be a regular spot for AYCE even though it's down the street. It's a treat for me, I have a special spot for it. Still, I appreciate it's here and it started off my day marginally better than the past few disastrous days. For that and better quality this vist, kudos in a star bump.
3	Came in with the BF wanting a light meal and not wanting to go far from the house. At 1am, "fresh and light" comes as an option as a side salad at a drive thru so we went here instead. They are open Friday and Saturday late- til 2am. It's a new thing, and I dont think many people know about it yet (and I don't know how late night the population is in the NW) so it was empty aside from one other person. Got salmon skin rolls $5.25- simple, pretty decent each time I go. It's one of those standbys we love.Tried the Hard Rock & Roll $9.95 (Fresh water eel, spicy scallop eel sauce) - this was just alright...it's a good idea, but something to me was missing to boost it up. Miso soup for the BF, $2.50- pretty standard.My gripe was that the rolls weren't tightly pressed so it was falling apart. The sushi chef during the day (which I see on the ads so presumably the owner) does a cleaner cut and roll. The quality is good for AYCE, but I dunno about paying a la carte for it.Also, if you DONT want AYCE, there isn't much options. The a la carte menu consisted of all the rolls, sushi, appetizers that are on the AYCE menu and then sashimi specials, an udon soup, fried rice and a few standard plates like a teriyaki or tempura plate. If you're looking for a simple dinner set or a simple "don" bowl (which was what I was going for) maybe this isn't the place to go. Still, it's an A-OK place for a light late night alternative to the drive thru but maybe it's better to just come if youre going AYCE route to get your moneys worth.
1	Are you people insane this was the worst sushi bar I have been to in my life.  Really every roll has imitation crab! Really how good is your fish if you have to pair it with fake crab.  Half the rolls had the very Japanese ingredient of Mayo.  Maybe they hope the sushi newbs will be too drunk off sake or distracted by AYCE that they don't notice that fresher fish can be had at Little Darlings.  SO DISGUSTING!  I sent the spider roll back. The veggie rice was butter rice.The soup was mysterious in the way one wonders if fluffy is missing.  You know why it is empty because most of their clients are sitting at the home throne hoping to forget Krazy Sushi.
1	Opening about 1.5 to 2 years ago, this was a new sushi joint that I wanted to like in the northwest.  On my first visit when they first opened, I didn't really enjoy the food, and despite me not giving up on it, each visit after that never really improved.  I think I only kept going back because they had the lunch specials and had a couple nice servers, but no more of that.  It's only AYCE and a la carte and where's the good service?  I finally came to the realization after my meal today that they just will never attain the level of deliciousness that Sushi Loca has established. Fails:1.  The miso soup sucks every time.  It's watered down.  How do you mess up miso soup?!2.  Their california rolls sucks.  Gross sticks of imitation crab meat.  How do you mess up california rolls?3.  The spider rolls is gross.  How do you mess up deep fried goodness?4.  Maybe it serves me right for being a glutton but they charge you for food that you have left over.  (I got charged for 1 full roll because we didn't finish two different half rolls) At least we got to take it home =PConclusion:  They are consistent, consistent in making yucky sushi.
5	Holy crap. I already love this place. Now your going to go ahead and add an AYCE menu...forget about it.  I definitely got my $26 worth and then some.  I ate my weight in garlic yellow tale and uni.  Pink lady roll (spicy tuna roll topped with ahi and garlic ponzu) was pretty damn good.  Any night spent with Jonny and Charlie from crazy sushi is a good one. Add AYCE to it and I'm on cloud 9.  Keep up the good work guys.
5	Amazing service ,great food. Worth the drive if you don't live nearby.
4	Good sushi. Good prices. Krazy Mushroom Soup is awesome & cheap!
1	If I could this place would get negative stars. A friend and I went tonight, took FOREVER for any one to even take our order. On top of that they forgot my friend's order and after 15 minutes came back to ask what he ordered again. Very poor.... High priced
1	I'm usually wary of any restaurant that serves all you can eat raw food, but my love for sushi clouds my judgement sometimes.We came here at 8pm on a Wednesday.  I ordered the  sashimi platter and the mackerel sashimi with a side of steamed rice.  My wife ordered the japanese lasagna with a spicy tuna hand roll and a side of edamame.First off, the cocaine platter was good.  It had some radish grated to make something similar to pasta that was interesting.  The edamame was pretty much the same as everywhere else, hard to mess that one up.The good ends there.  They only put out the low sodium soy sauce on the tables (Maybe they were out of the regular stuff?).  The rice was all dry and crunchy across the board, especially on the japanese lasagna which is baked.  I love japanese lasagna normally (Give Sushi-Ko a try, theirs is excellent and it's right down the street) but this one was way too sweet and the sauce just wasn't on par with the offerings from other places.Despite ordering the mackerel sashimi, they brought the sushi one.  The fish itself was good but the dry crunchy rice ruined that one just like everything else.  The spicy tuna hand roll was a bit bland and not very spicy compared to what I've had elsewhere.A few moments after we finished eating my wife started not feeling well and threw everything up when we got home.  It was probably the japanese lasagna that caused it because she ate most of it and I only had a bite.We will not be returning.
1	ok service. rice was dry.  then once i came got home i had it coming back... from both ends.  WILL NOT BE BACK
4	With the addition of AYCE, Krazy Sushi is now a bargain.  Price includes apps, soups, salads and a dessert ($24 for lunch, $26 for dinner).  I have never had any issues with freshness or the taste, although some times the rice falls apart under the Nigiri when the garlic sauce is added.  Have been there many times, and the service is superb, we will be back.
5	Love this sushi
1	Wow, what happened to this place? I used to come here awhile ago for lunch. They had a great selection. My favorite was the grilled calamari. Service was good, and the place was always 3/4 full. Now the entire place changed. The servers got rude with me when I didn't want to order AYCE. I guess cuz now they have to serve me instead of the chef. I ordered ice tea, and the server comes back with Raspberry Iced Tea. I told her I wanted green tea, because I didn't know there was a choice, and she gave a me a look that it was way outta her way. The best part was when the server wasn't paying attention, I took my phone out to text, and I guess she thought I was taking pix and yelping cuz her 'tude changed from nite-n-day. When the bill came I saw I was charged for 2 iced tea and 2 miso...I didn't argue...I just wanted to leave :( Maybe their AYCE is a great deal, but when it comes for Japanese food it's not the place to go to.
5	Love the johnny # 2 roll
4	Came here with my two favorite coworkers this past friday.We all got AYCE sushi, but I forgot, I can't eat that much anymore! lol A great value if you can. I will try sake next time I go, but for this time I just had water with my spider roll and pink lady!Both were super tasty!Would be back again if it were in my neighborhood,or if I was in the area. It's wayyyyyy too far for me to go otherwise.Very friendly attentive service.Wasn't busy at 10:30pm. Maybe two other groups and one walked in after us; they were open till 2 that night.
4	As a first time visitor, I was uncertain - but felt that the positive reviews out -weighed the negative ones.  We sat and Yun and her sidekick server were attentive to and discussed the rules of all you can eat.  There were signs posted about time limits, items not eaten etc.  Yun assured us that the 45 minute time allotment for lunch would not be observed, and we could take our time...relief settled in that we weren't going to be rushed shoving sushi rolls into our mouths quicker than we could order them.  She did make it VERY clear that uneaten food would be charged...so eat up!  It did get a little confusing that somethings were lunch menu AYCE only and other things were only offered at dinner.  None the less the options were plenty and we chose from the menu accordingly.  We asked for suggestions, and went with a few of hers, other reviewers and a few of our own.  Everything was tasty and full of flavor.  Yun was attentive and checked back often.  They do not offer half rolls as other places do except on your last order.  Yun was clear that once a half roll was ordered, that was it - no turning back - you were done eating.  This would be great if they could offer half rolls as an option so when dining with only 2 people you could sample more of the menu. Food was fresh and flavorful (rolls could be a little tighter IMO) and service was great.  No complaints about the staff here!  Would return again!
2	Food was no better than adequate.  Service was worse.  Waiter did not speak English well, so our order was messed up.  One hour time limit.  Everything tasted of ginger, and more than just a hint of it. Atmosphere wasn't very good.  Poor lighting makes it difficult to read menu.  We will not be going back, even though it is very close to home.
1	I would definitely say I know what quality sushi is, and I've visited this restaurant several times before it went All You Can Eat, and it was a completely different experience then. The sushi was MUCH better and the restaurant had a better atmosphere. I've been to many All You Can Eat sushi places, and I understand that sometimes quality takes a hit when restaurants change to this type of dining experience, but it went down drastically. It is definitely overpriced, one AYCE after tax was $30. I've been to better places like Nagoya/Nagoya 2 and Sumo Sushi 2 that used to be a la carte and are now AYCE and their quality is still in tact at a lower price. Overall, I'd say skip this place and find another AYCE joint. This place is minutes from my house, but I usually go to the other side of town for some good sushi.
1	I went to Krazy Sushi for the 2nd time last night because I live closeby.  The hubby and I wanted to sit at a table, but they were full so we decided to wait.  2 groups of people walked in and were given seats before us!!  Awful customer service.  As we were walking out, a server told us that our table was ready.  Uhhh no, we left.  They really need to hire a hostess to keep track of waiting customers or at least have servers do their job efficiently.
1	Horrible.  Came in for some uni sushi and it was bitter and bland.  The sushi chef seemed clueless when I asked the price of the uni sushi and sashimi, and he literally put one small piece of uni in each piece of sushi.  I have never been served uni like that before.  I will never be back which is too bad because this place is around the corner from my house.
1	i will never go there again, terrible service that seems to avoid you or dread going to your table.was there with a couple of friends who are also around my age(18) and to be honest i dont always expect my standards to be exceeded but at least met.
2	Don't go...lot of filler in rolls and two of my rolls taste like mold.  They said the mold was the ginger mixing with shrimp.  It want my first rodeo and shrimp and ginger does not taste like mold.
4	Came here for the first time and the experience was great. Tried 3 different sushi all were delish especially the x-wife one. The atmosphere definitely made up for the quality of the food. The price of the sushi was decent for the amount of food that i got. Would definitely go  back here again!
5	Lunch AYCE for $20.95. Sushi tasted really good. Tons of selections. Mochi ice cream was amazing. Definitely worth the trip of you're out here..
3	Much to my surprise it was a little better than i thought. I first saw the menu and was hoping for like bento styled boxes as i was not hungry enough to do all you can eat. To my disappointment they did not offer it. It was cheaper to just get the all you can eat vs ala cart. The food was decent i must admit but my fav thing on there menue was there sushi burrito. That was by far the best thing i ate here. Im not quite sure what there busy hours are as i went on a saturday around 11am so not much of a crowd. There is an abundance of parking as well. Prices are a little on the high end if you do ala cart but once you order 3-4 items youve already paid more then the all you can eat price so your better off getting the all you can eat. If your on that side of town its def worth a stop in to check it out.
4	Due to relocation , my wife and i needed to find a new place to have some sushi.  Surprisingly we met one of the old waitress's we knew from sushi bomb here. She was always very good and we were happy to see her again.  On to the food : The Nigri sushi tasted fresh , even on a Monday ...  though it was slightly smaller and a little more rice than other places.   The rolls my wife an i ate were full of flavor and were not overly done with sauce ( usually a bad sign ) .   She said her mouth was on fire from the spicy tuna , which is a plus as most places are a little light on the heat with spicy tuna.  She enjoyed it. The Miso Soup was tasty and the tempura shrimp was o.k. Had a little too much batter , but each his own.    The Vanilla and Strawberry mochi , were identical to any mochi i have ever had , so nothing to say there Will we repeat ? Definitly , but it will be a month or so before we are able to do so.
5	Watch this video belowhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZpayyA-jRlgDid that explain what you were looking for? If you like Toro and Engawa, don't come to an AYCE place....Anyway, 5-stars for being one of the better "Ichiro Mashita" style sushi restaurants in Las Vegas. Don't leave a negative review because it wasn't Traditional Edomaezushi. AYCE themed restaurants and Traditional Edomae style are two completely different styles of cuisine. Yet, I always see countless self proclaimed sushi experts give a AYCE place a negative review because they thought they could get Toro, Halibut, Sea Eel, and Bonito. At a traditional Edomaezushi restaurant they will give you a hot towel when you come in because you are going to have to eat with your hands. You get no chopsticks, soy sauce, or wasabi. You also usually have to take your shoes off. Then you get a piece of unrefrigerated fish that was killed minutes earlier. AYCE themed restaurants were a result of Ichiro Mashita combining aspects of Edomaezushi with other types of Japanese cuisine such as Tempura, Teriyaki, Yakiniku.  It's a completely different variation of Sushi. The food here at KRAZY SUSHI is practically identical to all the other AYCE sushi places in Las Vegas. It's on the better side though.  Practically every AYCE sushi place in LV has an identical menu, and identically themed rolls. They always have rolls named after casinos and something called "orgasm sauce". I like the nigri here. You get about 70 percent fish and 30 percent rice. It's a perfect combination. They also have all the types of of fish you would expect to find at an AYCE sushi place. They got everything from Albacore, Unagi, Saba, Salmon-Sake, Sweet Shrimp, Majuro, Yellow Tail and more.  You know, I like AYCE sushi places better than Traditional. I always come to an AYCE place at the end of  a long difficult week of working out. I spend at least 3-4 hours a day working out and my body fat is usually only around 4-6%. Therefore, I feel very lethargic and tired  on some days. These AYCE sush places have a perfect balance of carbs and proteins to help replace my glycogen and repair my damaged muscles. If your an athlete, I recommend AYCE sushi.
5	Fresh, tasty food; clean establishment....LOVE LOVE LOVE!!
3	CRUMMY wait staff and service, very slow working sushi chefs, rolled their eyes at the sight of my 3 year old (who does very well in restaurants) we won't be returning.
1	I have eaten at numerous ayce sushi bars around town and this is by far the worst I've ever had.  The tempura shrimp was on par with what I can make at home and I'm sorry to say thats not very good.  The rolls were made cheaply and the freshness of the fish was non existent.  Save your money or go somewhere else.  I will also add that as a small business owner i typically don't write negative reviews but this place is doing everything it can to run cheaply and they obviously didn't care about taking my money for sub par food.   Unfortunately I didn't read this page before I went to eat there.
4	I'm still new to the Vegas area and didn't want to stay in on my birthday, so I went out as a treat to myself for lunch.  The restaurant itself was very quiet (a few people at the bar, one small family at a table), which I find appealing.  My server was very friendly and polite, and checked back regularly to make sure I was doing fine.The sushi is pretty much on par with what you will find at any AYCE sushi place - I found it to be similar to the AYCE places I had gone to in NJ.  They serve you one roll at a time, so you really can't mix up your taste experience though.When my waitress found out I was there alone on my birthday, she brought out a small ice cream with a candle in it and had the chef staff sing Happy Birthday to me.  I thought this was beyond what she was "expected" to do as a waitress, and I was truly touched.  I will definitely be returning.
1	The staff is attentive and friendly, but this place is Absolutely a rice lover's heaven... AYCE rice, rice, and more rice with paper thin whispers of mediocre fish artfully applied to disguise the RICE... I would have to be Krazy to return. To many great sushi bars, so little time...
3	OK, so I came in around 10:00-10:15pm. I decided, why try it during the day if they are open 'till 2 am? Let me repeat myself. OPEN 'TILL 2 AM! I walked in, and was instantly seated(It was totally empty). I was with two other people. I ordered the Philadelphia roll, and the California roll. My friends ordered the spicy salmon. Just a little to spicy for me(although I can handle Sriracha). Or first order took about 10 minutes to arrive at the table. My second order(California roll) took less than 5 minutes to be served. The only thing that totally made me mad was the fact that they charge $2.50 per cup for tea. So If you order a pot of tea, they don't charge for the pot. They charge you by how many tea cups are given to the members of your party. The all you can eat is a great deal. Except for the fact that you have to order your rolls with in 45 min(for lunch) and 1 hour(dinner&late night). And you have to finish one, before you order the next. Otherwise everything was great, and I'll totally return!
4	I got an order to go for my first time there. Staff was friendly and helpful. I got two rolls (lion and crunch #1) both very tasty! Only disappointed they didn't offer half rolls. Would go here again.
1	Just a horrible place. The interior looks ridiculous, the "food" is served on plastic plates. I have absolutely no idea how this place is still in business but it is definitely one of the worst restaurants I have ever been to. The staff is rude the place is dirty the food is just baaad. Oh I forgot to mention that the price is outrageous if I consider the quality of the "food" they are serving here. This a how-to how not to make a restaurant. Never again.
4	Inventive, creative, and talented sushi chefs. Fresh fish, great price. All staff is enthusiastic and friendly. Your drink will never be empty. Anything that is "spicy" here definitely lives up to that... YUM. The only thing that I wasn't enthusiastic about was the eel sauce, it is different than most others I've tried, and not in a good way; maybe too sweet? I would/will return for sure. If you sit at the sushi bar, they always have a game on, which is great. They have a selection of sake, beer, and wine, including non- alcoholic beer.
2	It's not that great. Better off to drive 10 more minutes and find a better sushi place. Also it always smells like bad cleaning products.
3	This place is just really really ordinary. There's nothing spectacular about it. Nothing to complain about. It's just ordinary. So if you need sushi & don't want to worry about getting sick from fishy sushi, this spot will do. But if you want something memorable, I would go somewhere else. The servers were prompt, but still nothing significantly good or bad.
3	Stopped in Krazy Sushi on Monday evening and considered the all you can eat sushi. I decided on one the entrees and it was a good portion with salad and miso soup. The lady I was with had the Tempura entree which she did not like. No issues here just not overwhelmed with a lot of reasons to make this a regular stop. I may come back to try the sushi.
1	Let me begin by saying this is probably the worst dining experience I've had..... EVER. We begin with the smell walking into the restaurant during peak dinner hours. It smelled like a strong lemon scent from the floors just being mopped. Why didn't they mop the floors before opening so the diners wouldn't have to smell lemon chemicals as their eating? Next, we were a party of 4 and they only had a napkin with chopsticks for two @ the table and the server NEVER thought to bring us two more napkins and chopsticks. (ARE YOU EFFIN SERIOUS?) We asked twice for extra forks and chopsticks, 20 minutes after being sat we finally got them. The food came out one by one instead of all of the food coming out at the same time. If it takes 25 minutes for al carte teriyaki dishes to leave the kitchen, then wait on putting in the sushi order!!!! We had half of our party FINISH their dinner before the other half got their food. So we just sat there hungry watching our friends eat. Lastly, I ordered the chicken teriyaki and it was all DARK meat.... No clarification on it being white or dark on the menu, I just assumed it was white because this isn't some 6 dollar hawaiian barbecue restaurant. I was paying 12 dollars for some cheap dark meat that I could have got at a hawaiian spot for 6. Almost forgot to mention the rice stuck on the menus. The service here is horrible and the food is mediocre. I highly advise all of you to stay away.
4	I'm giving 4 stars mainly because I feel the prices are high.  I really enjoy the food here and the atmosphere is nice and casual.  If it were not for the price of the food I would be back more often.  The food is really good though!
5	Came in with family on Friday night and had all you can eat and it was awesome. Our server Yun was awesome.
1	As much as it pains me to write something negative about a small business...okay, lets start with the good:-the food: the food was good, creatively named, and well displayedthe bad:-it took considerably longer than average to recieve our order and it did not come out altogether, but rather piece by piece. -I felt as though I had to flag down the waiter if I wanted to order more food (we did all you can eat) which made me feel like they were being stingy with what they wanted you to order-helped by the fact that they post "all you can eat rules" which state everything must be ordered in the first hour, which wouldnt be bad except we had a hard time getting a waiter to take an order. -the decor lamps that hang over the side booths where we sat hang too low (you hit your head on them when trying to sit, and you can see the dust and bits of dirt sitting in the bottom of them. -towards the end of our meal, the people sitting down the way from us stood up immediately and said "it fell over there!" pointing toward where we were sitting. and sure enough, there was a cockroach crawling down the booth. -the waitress immediately came over and took care of the cockroach and explained that they had sprayed just that morning and that it had probably just come through a crack in their door. The people who saw the thing first left without paying. I'm inclined to halfway believe the expaination the waitress gave for the cockroach making an appearance but combined with my experience and the fact that no apology or discount was given for in incident, I will not be returning.
1	I've been here about 4 times and the last was what made me decide never to come back. I will say, the rolls are great. They have  a lot to choose from. However if your expecting it to come fast, think again. The service is very slow here and not friendly. They take forever to come take your order and don't visit your table very often, so when I ordered from here I would try to get most things I wanted in one visit. However that's not even good enough, like I said before, the food comes out very slow. I have no clue why. Last time I ordered sashimi and some rolls. All my rolls came first and then sashimi last. What's the point in the sashimi if I cant even get that first? Anyway I was here with a friend trying to enjoy the night when I noticed a few people down the table/booth seating quickly get up and whimper. Sure enough I look down  at my seat and there's a cockroach crawling right towards my leg. I got up quickly and started to lightly laugh, even though I was less than pleased. I didn't want to cause more of a scene since the other people were furious. They left without paying. The waitress explained to us that it never happens, and they sprayed that morning. Well if have to spray for bugs.. you must have a problem with it? Anyway, we finished our sushi, and no discount was offered for the inconvenience. Needless to say, I wont be returning.
5	Fresh fish, fun atmosphere, and no judgement. I went in there with my mom tonight and we had the best time. Adam was our personal chef at the bar and he made my experience unforgettable. Definitely will be coming here again. They say they time you but it is more of a guideline than a rule.
1	The worst sushi and bad service super rudeOn the sushi it's 99% rice and 1% fish Very old fish , bad flavors
1	I ate here last November.  I had a Tuna Roll a la carte. I had food poisoning the whole next day, and almost had to be hospitalized.  Not fun and I won't be back.  Probably won't ever eat sushi again after this experience.
1	This place is horrible!!!!! As much as it pains me to write something negative about a small business I HAVE TOO. The food is ok, but the SERVICE IS BAD. The waiter made me feel like they did not want to feed me.  I ordered the all you can eat. The "all you can eat rules" is stated at the wall next to the table. The rule is everything must be ordered in the first hour. My husband loves sushi, this is why I go to ALL YOU CAN EAT PEOPLE!!!!!!!! They have to stop being stingy with their food. I am paying for a dinner and I will eat as many sushi as I want. I will not be returning. BAD PLACE TO EAT... FOOD IS OK, BUT I HAD BETTER.
4	This was my first time here and I really liked their menu a lot.  If you order ala carte, it's a little pricey and you might as well order all you can eat.  Their burrito hand roll thing is AWESOME!  (BEST DAMM THING ON THE MENU) The service is just fine.  I did however find out that they are open til 2 a.m. (I didn't realize they were open that late though)  When I stopped in at approx 12:45 a.m. on Tuesday night to place a to go order, there wasn't a single person in there.  I was surprised because my other 4 sushi places I visit late at night always have a crowd in there late night. So PLEASE people don't underestimate this place.  It's a good place, great variety and the quality of the sushi is good.  It's not great or better then any place else but it's good and I've been to far far far worse places.
1	Will never eat hear again. First of all, our server was less than polite and was pushy to get us to order quickly. Then, my husband and I decided to do the "all you can eat" which is about $26 per person, and ordered 5 rolls between us. The menu says the "all you can eat" rolls are smaller than the regular rolls - but they are not. The rolls were huge (and honestly, not that great tasting). This would be a good thing, except they say on the menu that if you don't finish what you ordered, you have to pay for any uneaten rolls. If the rolls had actually been smaller as the menu said they would be, we would have finished them. But we were totally stuffed, and had 4 pieces left, all from different rolls. So, the server picked the most expensive roll we ordered ($14.99) and charged us the full price for that roll, ON TOP of us paying $26 each. So all in all, we spent $80 for 5 mediocre sushi rolls. If we had paid al la cart, it would have been around $55. So basically, we threw $25 down the drain. I feel like we got ripped off on purpose. Definitely not worth it.
2	It has really gone downhill. While it was never my favorite and just A-OK it's right by my house and sometimes I just want some sushi and appetizers without going so far. It wasn't often, but often enough to have seen the downhill slope. It was good rice ratio the first time I went years ago, then a bit more rice but still acceptable level and it stayed at that for a long while. Now the corners are just cutting it too much. It was ridiculous that we only ordered one round of nigiri. Thin fish slices and way krazy rice - look at the photo. It was a 20/80 ratio, when it used to be fair. We ended up eating rolls and appetizers instead since those were a bit more fair. Also everytime the lady came to check on us and we had nothing in front of us, she asks if we're done or if we want dessert. It made me feel like we were trying to be rushed off being asked "are you done?" frequently. We had a few pockets of long wait since one of the times our order fell and then he did everyone elses order and then forgot about redoing ours. Sometimes reviews don't need to be lengthy. The long drive to our fair sushi spot will be worth it. This was just bad.
4	There's nothing i can really complain about. Maybe that it's so good and popular you wait a little bit because the menu is so good and there's lots of people! LOL! The Halibut Sashimi is great, the Charlie Sheen Roll is good, Crab Salad is YUM... Have some Sake and enjoy good Sushi for the price...
2	I have been here now 3 times,  and I will probably return because I love sushi and I am lazy sometimes to drive to far for a quick lunch.   That being said let me say this .  All the waitresses I have had have a bad attitude and make me feel unwelcome.  But let's not forget the sushi chefs that are even less engaging and seem bothered when you order. One chef NEVER once said hello. And when you order AYCE after every order they ask " would you like anything else sir " which to me says " are you done "  Ok now that the atmosphere is set lets talk about the food. All I can say is that it is average at best. Nothing special at all.  Lastly , this is a local place for me so I will probably go back,  but only in an emergency.  Question for all here. Do a lot of AYCE sushi bars seem to have people that own or work there have poor attitudes? Almost like your bothering them.  Interesting when most of them , like this place, are empty.. Wonder why?
1	Not good!  We had lunch here this past Saturday afternoon.  One of our servers was painfully rude.  We did AYCE and ordered a spider roll - the crab tasted old and like spoiled oil and we told them.  They didn't care just reminded us of the 'rules' for AYCE.  We did eat it - swallowed it all and left 1/2 a piece on the plate as we just could not stomach it.  We ordered some other items - a few of them did not come and others took forever and did not taste good.  The server was soooo rude and when we asked to pay - she held our credit card hostage until we ate every last piece of food .... which was 2 pieces of one roll left on the table. There are other places in the area that deserve your business - this is not one of them.  Shame on you Krazy Sushi - at least you live up to your name!
5	Seriously one of the best dinners I've ever had, amazing sushi, and incredible service! I highly recommend this place :)
5	Something Wrong 69 and a Beer - now I get it with brown rice and add extra jalapenos - very very good.
1	I would agree with the negative comments on this place. I can write a whole lengthy paragraph but trust me on this place. Try Sushi Loca down the street or Red Ginger. This place will be out of business and the sooner the better.
1	BEWARE: This place will make you sick! The sashimi was warm and appeared to have been previously dipped in soy sauce by someone else and placed back on the plate. MY boyfriend became ill 2-3 hours after. He had a fever, cold chills, nausea, and stomach pain and vomiting  all night. At one point he was dry heaving blood! He says it was the most awful illness he has ever experienced. This incident has been reported to the health district also. Do not risk it! The service was also terrible.
1	Wow talk about bad service! Where do I start, let's just say my chicken teriyaki was cold, you have to get up for your own refills, and the waitress was extremely rude. I don't often give a bad yelp review but this place is Bad. After I watched the owner/ server sneeze in their hand and then proceed to deliver food I was like wow. I wonder if small business is required to take a food handlers safety course in Vegas? Over all the place is NASTY do not waste your hard earned $.
4	I really loved their Philly Crunch & the TNT rolls. The service was awesome but it was early in the afternoon. It surprises me that some of the reviews say the food took forever. Again, I think part of the problem was the fact that they may have been there at a busy time of the day. The food was great, the service was great, and the food came out fast. I loved it and it's hard for me to like a sushi place that I like. Even though I live far from there, I'm willing to drive the distance for the food.
5	Came here for lunch with a friend.  AYCE for $20.00 for lunch...good results.  Great lunch time variety of selections, especially for lunch.  We sat at the bar so the cook was quick on making what we wanted.  Tasted great, would definitely go back!
4	This is my first time here and had an absolutely fresh and delicious all-u-can eat lunch. Very clean and a nicely presented sushi bar. Johnny is an excellent and cordial chef, however he seems short tempered - he got publically irritated with one of his waitresses. Not enjoyable to my ears what-so-ever. Perhaps a bad day for each or both.  Hence 4 Stars today vs a 5. Also major kudos to Dianna for fantastic service and impecabble attention to detail.
4	Out daughter took us here while we were in town and I absolutely loved it! Some rolls might be a bit much, but if you take your time, there isn't a roll on the menu you can't tackle. Did not like the hot tea at all, but the regular cold era has a great taste. Tried a few rolls and even though they all had their own flavor, all were perfectly prepared and had a solid taste!
4	One of my favorite AYCE places in the NW part of town. Fish is fresh and the people are pretty laid back. I love the coffee flavored mochi and this is one of the only places thats seems to always have it. Miso soup comes out cold sometimes though.
2	The food was mediocre at best. The service was just ok too. I had the spider roll. It's much better at yummy grill and sushi loca. My soft shell crab was tiny and the roll wasn't especially tasty. I won't be back.
1	Average sushi, TERRIBLE service. I've given this place 3 tries and each time was the same if not worse. You feel rushed, atmosphere is sad and the servers are not engaged with their customers.
4	This place is close to my house so I come here when I get a sushi craving. AYCE price is good. The food is really good I think. Good portions on the nigiri and good use of sashimi on the special rolls. My only con is some of the staff will give you the "are you done yet" attitude when you are an AYCE customer and you order more than 3 items. I even think they will talk crap about you in Japanese when you keep ordering. Maybe I'm a fat ass, but I get my money's worth. I love the hours. They open before most other places and close later than most places. My favorite roll is the Johnny roll, it's wrapped in a cucumber. The Russian girl is really nice. She doesn't hurry you along and she provides great service. Will definitely go back. It's a good place
1	Horrible experience. Sushi was good, but lot of filler. Waitress made a huge deal and embarrassed us in front of everyone because we did not finish our last roll. Told us she was going to charge us $18 on top of the $60 plus we were already paying when there was no way we ate $60 worth of sushi. Then she proceeded to talk to us like children reminding us to not order too much the next time not once but twice. Don't worry, there won't be a next time!
3	They could and should try a little harder to add better service. I've eaten her many times as the rolls are good...wished I was treated like a returning customer
3	First the good: sashimi is extremely fresh, and they have some fun sashimi specials on the last page of the menu.  Definitely recommend those.  House sake is decent for being very inexpensive.  The service at lunch was great.The average: While the sashimi IS fresh, the cuts were average.  The ginger is pink, the wasabi is an unsettling shade of green and both were kind of bland.  The chopsticks are very splintery.  Edamame was okay.The bad: Had a Philly Roll as a side to my Cocaine Sashimi plate, and the taste was just ... off.  But I usually prefer sashimi anyway so this didn't bother me much.Bottom line: We will come here again for sushi because it's a mile from our house.  But we will definitely drive further if we want a high-quality sushi dinner.
1	Came with my family tonight and we were greated by a wait staff that were rude. Then specifically stated "no avacado on any rolls" one roll came with avacado. After sending it back the wait staff was even more rude than when we walked in the door.  My husband ordered all you can eat and their time limit is one hour which is understandable however our rolls came out timely and his didn't. I guess they figure they'll juice the time so he couldn't eat the rolls he ordered. All you can eat at 27.00 and he had 3 rolls with only 3 other tables in the restaurant occupied I feel like they did this on purpose-  I wouldn't recommend this place. There are several sushi places in the area. Don't venture to this one.
1	For the price they add way too much rice to your sushi with little fish. Staff is so wonderful though. But doesn't make up for the food. I regret going here with my family.
1	Don't get put in this horrible place they call a restaurant. They were so rude when we walked in. Both of us order all you can eat, and it felt like torture. We waited so long for our appetizers. We order 2 rolls each  and they were so thick and filled with rice, one roll filled us up, it was too much to even finish the second, that's how bad it was. ToTop it all off the waitress scolded us saying "only this time or else we will charge you per roll." So rude!
3	I will start off by saying the service was good (possibly because the place was pretty dead) The servers were friendly and offered good suggestions and the food came out quickly. That being said, the sushi was just mediocre. Rolls were heavy on the rice and light on fish, rice was a bit dry, overall... just ok. We live close so we though we would give it a try but I will definitely drive a few extra miles to our usual sushi spot next time.
1	Totally offensive, and unnecessary names for their sushi rolls.  They should add numbers for those who wish to eat a meal without referencing sexual acts.  We had three different waitresses by the end of our meal.  We specified ABSOLUTELY NO MAYO to the first waitress, but unfortunately that information was not passed along to the others.  Needless to say, we had to keep refusing rolls.  If not for enjoying being with my husband, this meal would have been a total loss!!!!!!
4	Love the all you can eat, cute little place. Nice people too. Close to home so a plus too
4	I really enjoyed this place! The low star rating almost deterred my friend and I from trying this place, but it was too close to home not to and we are so glad we did! The rolls are fresh, tasty, and very quickly prepared which is always nice when you're getting the AYCE which has a time limit. The service was fantastic. Both our servers were  attentive and friendly as well!
5	Well I've got another protein coma from all the sushi I just ate. a pretty good deal lots of sushi, it was good all you can eat too  I'll go back again. we are in vegas alot and this is our go to sushi place now.
5	I go here every few months and the service has always been outstanding. The food is great and the menu selection especially for the AYCE is better than most. I also like that new items are created and added to the menu on a fairly regular basis. For being a small intimate joint it tops some of the bigger swankier locations. In fact now that I am talking about it.. I think I am going to get dinner there tonight.
1	Came in for lunch,  I asked the chef if he could make an assorted sashimi salad with lettuce,  he said no,  no Lettuce,  lol!! Ok then.  The very nice waitress asked if I wanted to do the all you can eat lunch.  I told her all I really want is a Lettuce salad with sashimi on top,  she said the chef could make it with a house salad,  he seemed put off by the request.So I agreed to the the all you can eat for lunch $20.95. I browsed the menu and everything seemed to be spicy tuna something  or Shrimp tempura something.  I ordered the Johnny roll,  it's wrapped with Cucumber but stuffed with Shrimp tempura,  it wasn't wrapped tightly so it fell apart. Then I had super white tuna,  garlic tuna,  and salmon sushi and they were all drowned in soy sauce,  so much that the rice just crumbled and u couldn't taste the fish.  While I ate, the city inspector walked in and was inspecting behind the sushi counter,  she asked where the disinfecting towels for the sushi counter was,  the chef pointed a towel he'd been wiping with,  she explained that it needs to be a disinfecting wipe,  he again pointed at the same towel.  She then yelled at him and said no,  that's just a dirty towel.  She wrote in her note pad and shook her head. I miss the old Momotaro sushi in this location,  they had great sushi.
3	We love the freshness of the sushi here.  But we prefer to call in our order because the servers here are FOB. This leads to problems with service and communication. They have an all you can eat option but they are not very attentive to keeping up with more orders for the next helpings. I also find it disorganized when multiple different servers are helping your table because one does not know what items you are waiting for. Bottom line not a great experience when we sit down, but the food is good so we enjoy it better just doing take out.
3	For those of you not interested in reading the details of my novel review, the best advice for this company if they really wanted to thrive with their consumers (based on the reviews I've read and then my own experience) is for the chefs to simply smile more and that would clear up the "unfriendly vibe" patrons are experiencing.  Because we actually didn't feel rushed or mistreated at all. And the server was a sweetheart! My chief suggestion to this business should be just to make sure not to cut corners with the freshness of their fish or authenticity of their sauces, because there are specific menu items we noticed the cut corners just a bit. (Eel sauce to be specific, tuna was odd color bit tasted fine, mackerel was salty salty and fishy...but not sure if mackerel is supposed to be to be honest)   I'm sure these couple things above are the root of the issue for most people.NOW FOR MORE IN DEPTH READERS WITHOUT THE ATTENTION SPAN MAX OF 23 SECONDS :) :) Upon reading the other reviews before we went here, we were a bit hesitant. Seeing as how this was the closest all you can eat sushi in our area, we decided to give it a whirl.To comment first on the posts from other customers, my boyfriend and I did not find that the service, from either the chefs or the servers, was trying to rush us out. The server (a young lady) was extremely friendly, and voluntarily took the liberty to suggest menu items we might enjoy based on what items we had already ordered. In addition, these items ended up being the winners of our "most ordered" for the meal.  And yes they DO charge if you leave any sushi but I don't know ANY sushi place in town that DOESN'T do this for all you can eat, so I'm not sure why people complain about this. But the server is sweet and informs you up front of this policy. Its simple...Dont order for a small country when you sit, and you should be fine! :) the chefs are not the type to chat and interact. They could definitely afford to take a greeting/smile course to at least forge a friendly demeanor indicating they are happy to have the business. I did not feel as though they dreaded our company either. The chefs just could simply smile more as they walk to and from you to take your order. I think this would change the experience for many that have posted about the lack of service. They were nice men though. I do not think they realize it comes off unfriendly.  The sushi! This was the most important part to us of course. And the reason I and my boyfriend rated it a 3 out of 5 is only because there are small ways in which we noticed a few corners being cut. The sauces seemed a bit different; where eel sauce usually has that dark & silky texture and has its own unique taste....their eel sauce ever-so-slightly has a silky but somewhat applesauce looking texture to it. It also didnt quite taste like eel sauce and it was cold. Just threw us off a bit. The fish overall didnt taste the freshest that we've experienced at some of our favorite sushi dives. But it wasn't Un - edible either. we are fond of rolls with eel sauce so this affected us more only due to our passion for salmon skin rolls. But here we only ordered one. Many of their rolls on the menu are deep fried and/or have cream cheese. The white tuna sushi was amazing! And they have Inari! Which many sushi places don't. The other sushi we ordered the fish wasn't vibrant and fresh looking to be honest, however most of it was pretty good.
1	I went here against my best judgement.  I have been before and the food was so awful I said I'd never be back. Well, last night it was the only sushi spot nearby open so I went back. The food was tasteless even their green tea sucks. For real this time I'm never going back.
