4	I recently joined LVAC at the Maryland Pkwy location and I'm very satisfied. When I signed up, the associate was quick to give me an extensive and adequate tour of the facilities. I was then taken into a comfortable room where I spoke one on one about my fitness goals and expectations from a gym. After which, he broke down the package options to me and answered any and all questions I had in great detail. I opted for the "premiere" plan for just $31 monthly. Ladies joined free so I walked out that evening paying absolutely zero.The facilities did not disappoint whatsoever. They include 5 glass racquetball/handball courts, group fitness classes, State of the Art Aerobics Room with Shock-absorbing Floor, Cardiovascular Center, Weight Room, Circuit Training Area, Private WOMEN'S ONLY Exercise Room, Locker Room & Spa Facilities, VIP Locker Rooms for men and women available, Coed Sauna, Steam room and 32'x8' Whirlpool, 2 Indoor Pools, Childcare, Juice Bar, Tanning Center, Massage, Nutrition Store, Body Fat Testing, Personal Trainers, and Women's Health and Fitness Specialists.The separate women's gym has Cardio Equipment and Premier Efficiency Equipment Specifically selected for women. The VIP locker rooms are incredibly beautiful with all wood furnishings. They have a childcare facility which is a playroom with very convenient hours at a rate of just 5 bucks for 2 hours. My nephew loves it. He's entertained with video games and pretend play while his mother and I work out together. Body fat testing, unlimited racquetball court usage, and personal trainers are all included in my 31 dollar a month Premier package! In sum, I love this place. Worth every single penny, no doubt. I do admit that some staff members can be absolutely zero help. It sucks when you get one of those. However, many are very motivated and friendly.
5	I've been a member of LVAC since 2002.  I love LVAC for all the classes they offer.  My favorite classes in LVAC-Central:  Sports Conditioning by Zoe(Monday and Wednesday 11 am-12 noon),  Body Pump by Shannon(Monday 5:30 pm-6:30 pm), and Cardio Kickbox by Alan(Monday 6:30 pm-8 pm).If you're unsure how to start your workout or where to start your workout, come to the Monday Cardio Kickbox.  I'm absolutely, positively sure it'll get you started good!
1	I refuse to go to LVAC, hahaha.  Why you ask, because they advertise that women join free, how lame.  It's just a gym, not a nightclub.  I'm there to workout, not pick up on women.  That's the only reason i would think why you'd "encourage" women to join.Besides that, LVAC is only in Las Vegas.  If you travel a lot, or plan to, then what would be the point of spending all that money on a membership you can only use in Vegas.I did give it one star as I do like the fact there there is an indoor track at the 215 and Eastern one.  That's all you get though LVAC.  hahaha
5	LVAC rocks.  I know this is readily apparent to people who have been in Vegas for a while, but for some reason it took me quite a while to figure this out.  It's cheaper and better than 24 hr sport fitness and you can go to any of their locations for the same membership fee.  Way better.  I am closest to the East Flamingo LVAC which is ok, has some decent elliptical and treadmill machines and nice employees.  But it's the indoor tracks at the Lake Mead and Green Valley locations that are my fave.  And all the various classes that are offered.What else is super impressive?  The people watching at LM and GV.  I suspect that some of these jocks must never leave the premises, except perhaps for the latest Abercrombie and Fitch photo shoot, just continually chipping away at their awesome physiques like 21st century fleshy Michelangelos.  Greek gods and naughty nymphs galore.  Sure it's hugely shallow and narcissistic.  But wow.
4	The one by me has been under "preview" since December, its now nearly May... Well when it opens I guess I can try it!  Looks nice but seeing it in use is believing. Parking lot is always filled, so must be decent? Maybe its time to join?
4	Since this is buffet city, I joined the Central location for a week.  This location has a pretty good set-up.  A variety of Cardio machines on one side of the building, a lap pool between the locker rooms, a free-weight area, and designated signs for the weight machines.  They also have five racquet ball courts and a separate workout area for women.  Didn't take any of the classes but the cardio machines were good.The staff is great!  The times I've gone, the place wasn't too packed.  Open 24 hours and I went a couple times at 10:30 pm, hours after a buffet dinner and feeling pretty guilty.  I did wonder why some of the guys wore sunglasses inside the gym while working out.  My theory is that these so-called "macho" guys can check out other guys without outing themselves.  One day, while I was doing the stairmill, a showgirl came and used the mill next to me.  How did I know?  She was tall, stood very straight, great smile and just had this showgirl presence.  I saw Showgirls...LOL!  I also wondered if her name was Lola.
1	This is the biggest SCAM outfit I have ever dealt with--and i am not young!  And have owned a multi-million dollar business for 25 years.  So BEWARE of the worst scam in health club history--you sign a contract and even if you leave the state, relocate in a job, whatever THERE is no cancellation.  If you try they make it look like it's all good--then chase you down for 5 years and report you to credit bureau.  Here's the good news!!! I am going to make them world famous in a series I am writing about major scammers!  DON'T SIGN ANYTHING with these thieves!
2	The person who signed me up was so friendly and nice--however, if you take a class there, I would think you could get certified to go to Iraq, because they treat you like boot camp.  Here in Las Vegas, one gets spoiled to being pampered with entertaining people--Las Vegas Athletic Club has the most unfriendly people teaching classes I've seen.The club is quite wonderful if one shuts up, goes onto the machines, and doesn't worry about someone telling you to "breathe," "keep your arms straight," etc., ad nauseum during exercising classes.
5	I've been a member on and off since the mid-1990's. I went to the tiny one near UNLV, that isn't open anymore; closed when this one opened. I also went to the one on Sandhill/Flamingo (small) and the one on Decatur/Sahara (too crowded- hard to find a parking space and sometimes have to park on the next street or farther). I've also been to the one one Rainbow/Lake Mead (lots 'o people watching and muscle heads, some female muscle heads too). I go to this one the most because I live nearby- it's not crowded at night, unless it's a monday night. You can't beat the incredible price, after your initial membership- $97 for the entire year! And you can go to any location, BTW. And the classes are included- you don't pay anything extra. Get the schedule at the check-in desk and the door of the instruction room.The paint inside is very colorful and it reminds me of the Swatch designs that I used to wear in my youth. The cleaning staff is always busy- cleaning the machines, the locker room, the lobby, and even the trainers do their part- always there to assist- wearing the yellow shirts-you can ask them workout questions. If a machine is down, just let the staff know, at the check-in desk. If you forget your badge, you can just show your nevada license. Also, for those of us that recycle bottles & cans, there is a blue recycle box located at the cafe. Nearby is an area that displays all the participating vendors who offer LVAC members additional discounts. I really like the layout of this gym. I love that there is an uber-spacious parking lot with ample spaces for everyone- three active sides. Upon entering , there is a tanning salon on the left with clothing for sale. The supplement store is to the right. The cafe is situated right behind the check-in desk, the ab machines are right there, past the cafe and  in front of the pool, to the left is the cardio section- your choice of cardio machines (with numerous tv's to and tv's attached to some machines)- eliptical, exercise bikes, treadmills, step machines, stair masters, etc., the instruction room (free classes are held here), along with the women's gym (well equipped but small- nautilus, abs, free weights and benches, cardio machines) and locker room (beware, the older set,  is sometimes naked on the benches and walking around- just wanted to give you a warning so you're not surprised), the pool is in between the women's locker room and the men's locker room. The pool has two pools, lap pool & wading pool. There is also a couple steam rooms on each end and a large hot tub; outdoor showers against the wall. To the far right, from the cafe & ab machines, are the heavy weights section, along with the men's locker room, and the racquet ball rooms are just past the heavyweights section, down the steps. The daycare section is located outside, to the left of the Gym, very convenient for parents. You can peek inside if you head to the front of the cardio room- there is a window where you can see your little ones in action. Sometimes you see (local) celebrities and tourists (day pass) alike. My husband made friends with the bad guy/Russian in the last Indiana Jones movie- nice guy, talked about his latest role. My husband also spotted the attorney who defended OJ Simpson- I can't remember his name. My husband also saw Norm- the one that wears the eye patch and spills the local gossip. I remember seeing the anchorwoman from channel 8 news, Denise Valdez- she's tall and pretty. I've heard people discussing the day pass, but don't know how much it is. Since this is the closest location to the Strip, I would think that the out-of-towners wanting to work out, would come here- if the hotel doesn't have a workout room.
1	Look,honestly,I just wouldn't do it again. It's a fine looking gym but the people working here are nothing but amazing scam artists. I wish I had known better before the contract. There is no way to get out of it. I mean,maybe dying,but who wants to do all that to get out of a contract when even then I'm not to sure they'd let you out of it...? Wish it had been possible to just put my membership on hold for a while during my complicated pregnancy, but no, there's none of that allowed. When this is over, i'll find a gym that does not require you to sign your all away.
4	This is a older LVAC but they are renovating alot of the areas and they do a good job of keeping it clean and functional. This is the closest LVAC to the strip so a lot of people are there before and after work but its big enough to park and has enough machines to get your workout in without a problem. Security is in the parking lot 24/7 so I don't really worry about my car much. I would definitely bring a decent lock however if you use the lockerooms as there have been a substantial number of thefts at this location. I am laughing at all these people that complain about the contracts, its like 20 bucks a month and even cheaper if you buy a year or two upfront. If your doctor orders you to not workout or your moving or whatever then you should buy out your contract or just suck it up, you committed to the membership now have some personal accountability for a couple hundred dollars. If you get pregnant and cant afford $20 a month then your too poor and shouldn't be breeding to begin with, besides you will need the gym membership afterward to loose your fat gut.
1	No gym sucks worse than Las Vegas Athletic Clubs. If you really need to get your exercise there. I recommend walking around the building so you don't have to waste your money on the inside.
3	The gym itself is fantastic...the club fees include all classes, 24 hour access, the juice bar is decent (if not loaded in unnecessary calories), it's clean, the staff is nice and can do their job effectively, and the equipment is good sturdy stuff (and the attached TVs on the cardio equipment is a nice gesture).  The fact that you can go to any gym in the city is awesome, too.However, if you ever have any kind of financial change, you're going to end up going through hell.  Changing my credit card number resulted in a $25 fee as the representative didn't change it in time.  I've been a member since 2006 and had to deal with their collections department for three weeks to change my CC for automatic withdrawl, and their collections/customer service people are by FAR the rudest people ever.  I've never been more frustrated dealing with a company for something so routine.  I DREAD the time that my card expires again and I need to call them to change it.The facility is great, but the customer service is absolutely terrible.
1	I felt like I was on the Kids Incorporated set from the 80's. I'm dating myself, I know. Revamp this place. The service sucks here. The gal at the counter gave me a tour and complained about the regulars that come here. Oookay... I should have walked out then. Sure they're nice to you until you join. What's worse is the guy that tried to sign me up was upset that he couldn't get me to sign a contract. He was extremely aggressive which was a turn off. That scared me enough not to join this gym. Be careful, don't let them take advantage of you. You're better off digging up your old Jane Fonda and Richard Simmons' Sweating to the Oldies VHS tapes.
1	I went in for a tour. It was a total pressure to sign up! I said I wanted to try the gym prior to joining, the 20-something chick that attempted to sell me said they dont do that. What type of gym expects me to sign a contract without even knowing if I will like it. She then brings in her manager to try and work a signature out of me, he too tells me I cant try the gym first! 20 minutes later I feel like he is trying to sell me a car! He finally gives me his business card and says I can come in an try it out once. The place was SOOO outdated and nasty looking I didnt even go back for the free try-out. The place is RIGHT near my house, so it is tempting... But the place hasnt been updated since the 80s. The equipment looks OLD, and they need to put nice TVs on everything still. There isnt a sauna and the pool looks like it hasnt been re-done EVER. It is small and basically gross looking. The men working out were looking at me like I was new meat. Gross.
4	Quit hatin' on this gym ya'll! Why wouldn't you want to walk into a building that looks like an 80's math book with its AWESOME geometric symbols and neon lighting? AND the people who frequent Central LVAC are complete WINNERS. YES. I said it. They are the people that want to be left alone (generally) and get down to the biz. I hate socializing in gyms. I've been a member for like a million years and because of that my fees are about 10 bucks a month. So worth it. I can go to any of them but mostly I would drive ALL the way from the Southwest to come here. I NEVER have to wait for machines, I don't feel creeped out, and I genuinely feel like I can get in and out and go home. Oh and the girls aren't wearing loads of makeup trying to be all sexy and un-sweaty to meet some beefcake daddies (like flamingo and rainbow). Go here! It's normal, with diverse people and the trainers are very nice too! Yes yes! Oh and yeah the juice bar is a little spensive, so just go to jamba juice by 24hrfitness down on Karen & Eastern. hehe.
4	its OK but a little bit dirty...
4	Why are so many people complaining? I just moved to Vegas yesterday after being a member of LA fintess since 2003. I read all these reviews about billing problems. Ask yourself this...Will you live here for 25 months? if the answer is yes, and you are not a peasant, then you will be fine. No start up fee, Whatever day you sign up (in my case the 22nd) you will be billed that day of an amount of $22. Thats it.
1	DO NOT JOIN THIS CLUB.. DO NOT SIGN A CONTRACT. I moved out of state and cancelled my membership. I sent in my proof and they never got back in touch on this issue. I went to sign back up when I came back and they said I never sent in my material. Now they want $330 and a cancellation fee and put it on my credit. I even wanted to sign back up. They are SHADY.
1	The usurious late fees and onerous cancellation policy make this gym one step above a pay day loans joint.  The men who use the weights are more interested in strutting then getting down to business, and the pool at the central location is full of couples stealing second and third base right out in the open.  I do not recommend it.
5	Love this gym. Parking was ample and they have security patrolling. They are open 24 hours, lots of classes, lots of cardio equipment. Even at busy hours you can still find open machines. I think the concept of a woman's gym is awesome and I love using it!
4	This place is a lot nicer than I expected it to be in an older gym.  Its clean, and big.  Still nicer than most 24 hour fitness in the Valley!! :-)
3	Won't deny that the area is ghetto. I'm sure it's still quite safe since people continue coming, but I get paranoid walking by myself at nighttime...that's just me though. I come here when the one at Sandhill closes early. I like going around midnight on weekdays cz it's really quiet and there are not a lot of people working out. It was never dirty when I come in and it looked somewhat maintained. I would continue going there.
1	Horribly run business. They took money out of my account without my permission, i spent hours on the phone and they told me they would credit my account but i wouldnt recieve all my money back. No one would help me or return my phone calls.
4	Not in the nicest area but a great gym, only thing missing is a track. We normally go to215/Flamingo but at place is overcrowded. We drive 10 miles out of our way to get a real workout in. The staff is always friendly and place is always clean.
4	What could I say?? A gym is a gym!  As long as it has the proper equipment it's done it's job.  You can't rate a gym from how it smells because its just not going to smell any better, nor can you rate its performance because the member is the one to be performing.  1 less of 5 stars although, for the annoying sales people.. this aint no frkn' car dealership sales team!!
3	Plenty of gay guys pinching each other's butts and eating kobe beef.
2	Why, why, WHY do I have to keep complaining about the lack of fucking cleanliness at this location? I do not pay to be working out with trash in/on/around the machines, trash in the locker room, uncleaned shower/restroom areas, and a steam room or sauna with garbage in it. Corporate needs to either fire the management and housekeeping here, or hire more people to clean, because if it keeps being this bad, I'm just going to sic the Health Department on them.
3	Guess I was spoiled at the 215, Flamingo LVAC.Place is a bit dangerous looking outside especially at night.  Once inside, you'll be surprised to see an actual Bank inside.  Weird combination.  Gym is outdated and could use some new colors.  Equipment is nicely set up and clean, but becomes limited during busy hours.  Yes, I do agree, patrons should help clean up after themselves (Like putting back their weights..). There is a juice bar, supplement store, and raquetball courts.  I usually buy my stuff of site anyways to avoid overpaying.  Parking goes all the way around the gym.  Look for spots under lights or near other gym patrons for safety.
2	Outdated!  I felt like I was in the 70s!!! Get some new machines that we can figure out.
1	Don't go here.  The salesperson that got me to sign up promised me that the women's area would be upgraded to the level of the other locations with better equipment.  He also said more classes and variable times would be available.  LIES!  After my lengthy 26 month contract finally expired I will never step foot in here again.  There's a version of a mini mall inside the place.  I also got the feeling the other gym members were creepy and the first few times men hit on me.  I go to the gym to work out not to get hit on by creeps.  The showers are mildewy.  I live in LVCC and this is close but the people are awful.The salesman sucked me in by making promises that weren't kept and $700+ nothing!AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
4	I've used just about every branch and can say that LVAC spoiled me when it comes to what I expect from a 24-hour multi-location gym facility.Beautiful. Clean. Calm. Sexy ( Hit the gym to sweat off a 12 hour day at 3 AM--#Sexy) Well stocked with everything you need to have a great workout. And tough on staff- they know their role and do not break it without repercussions.
1	I didn't think this was a really great gym as far as cleanliness, machinery, staff, etc., but my monthly dues weren't much, so I figured, you get what you pay for, right? Well, when I signed up I made a point to clearly ask the sales man(/manager?), I think his name was Raul, if I was missing anything about cancelation, hidden fees, etc. I recently moved out of state and attempted to cancel. They told me that I have to send them a new rental/lease agreement, recent utility bills, newly issued driver's license, or bank statement and a confirmation from the post office. Once that processes, they will charge me a $50 fee. The woman on the phone could not have cared less that I felt I had been taken advantage of and refused to let me speak to anyone about my complaint.
3	I'm writing this review to represent all of the locations. Until now, I would say this is a fantastic chain of gyms. I've had a great time for the past 2 years with the quality of the classes and the availability of exercise equipment. I am very sad to say now that I'm leaving with a bad taste in my mouth. I signed up 2 years ago and will be moving out of state next week. I was told multiple times when I signed up that it was a 2 year contract. I came to find today that it was actually a 26 month contract. I wish I had paid closer attention to the fine print, because it was not made clear at all when I signed. Now I have to send proof that I'm moving out of state and $50. The office is not sympathetic, and I see I'm not the only one who has mentioned this in a review. Shady sales tactics. Unfortunate. If you move a lot, consider elsewhere.
3	This is my usual gym location since it's the closest.I like that they have a separate area for women, it makes it convenient. They also have a wide array of machines.It's not the cleanest gym, but it's also not horrendously dirty. They could clean it a little better though.I would forsure like to try the other locations, I've heard that they're bigger.
3	So much parking *-*  guess everyone is taking a break until new years resolution time.This location is one of the older locations, not as nice and a bit small, but you can get what you need to get done. They have a security officer outside at all times, probably because of the location. The machines aren't always in working order but I understand that they are in the process of renovating the location.Even though overall this LVAC does not match up to the standards of most of their locations, I still appreciate that this is available for me to use on this side of town.
5	This is my favorite LVAC location. It has a women's gym. It's never super packed. And their non fat yogurt shakes are so yummy. The staff remembers me when I walk in and are always super friendly. They keep the equipment organized and clean. They have a wet and dry sauna. Jacuzzi and pool. I paid for my membership (2 years) in full $520 and they gave me a free extra year and well as a free trainer. Most people don't know that if you pay for you basic membership in full you get 1 free extra. Like towel service, or trainer, or racquetball, or two hour babysitting, or to bring a friend 2 times a month for free... It's a good deal because for 2 years with two extras they charge you like $31 a month so in full that's like 780ish for the full two years. Idk about you but I only wanted a trainer. And I don't want towels from them so much that I'm willing to pay $240 more :/ Anyways this is my favorite place to work out this will be my third year with a membership with LVAC :)
1	DO NOT JOIN LVAC! Unless you are prepared to be signed up "Till death do you part."Listen to the bad reviews as I am sure the good reviews are all planted. Look up the complaints on Better Business Bureau. They do this to everyone. EVERYONE!I moved away from Las Vegas after six weeks. I have been trying over a month to cancel with them. They want documentation that I cannot provide. I said I don't have a lease or utility bill as I live with my parents. "Then we can't cancel you." WHAT???When they tried to hit me up for the cancellation fee and I said I specifically asked and it was never mentioned to me, the person in billing said, "We don't have to tell you. It is in the back of your contract. You should have read your contract before you signed it. Our job is to sell. We don't have to tell you anything else." Their words!What's ironic is that they send me a bill to my new address and they say I need to provide them with proof that I moved. Ummm...I have taken my credit card info off file. But I will call my credit card and call the credit bureaus to warn them that they will be attempting to put a bad mark on my credit report.Avoid this gym at all costs. I am an educated woman with a masters degree, yet they even trapped me. I should have listened to my instincts that said, "This is a high pressure sale. The manager is acting shady. Something is up." I so regret not listening to that voice.Don't say I didn't warn you. The low fee is not worth it.
1	Two months, I sent them a cancellation fee, and they are still harassing me, charging me monthly fees. Now they are threatening me, saying, "If you keep ignoring us, this will affect your ability to obtain financing in the future." Yeah. OK. Uh-huh.I am at a point where I am about to file a lawsuit. They have caller ID on their systems. I didn't give anyone my name, yet the billing department gave me to a manager who picked up and said, "Hello Atoosa." How the hell did you know it was me? I never gave a name.Patty said she would call me as soon as she received my documents. She never did. It's been ten days. I know it's been ten days because I have the dated, signed, return receipt from the postal office.Read these links. These are not just one or two people. They do this to everyone. I have never come across a business this shady in all my life!http://www.bbb.org/southern-nevada/business-reviews/fitness-centers/las-vegas-athletic-club-in-las-vegas-nv-52712http://www.consumeraffairs.com/health_clubs/las_vegas_athletic_clubs.html
1	Don't waste your time. Equipment is not well maintained and there hasn't been a working scale for months. I advised them on these matters and they did nothing. I joined 24 hour fitness instead.
5	In my 7 years living in Vegas, this was actually one of the first places I walked into and became a member of. Best part about this is membership is very cheap and the facility is relatively clean and the equipment is usually maintained and has been upgraded over the years. People may complain about how crowded this location gets but I usually go in here when less people are here.
2	I moved last year to the Strip, thus changing my nearby LVAC location as well. This gym is significantly smaller compared to the one on 215/eastern or 215/flamingo. The machines are not as up-to-date and the decor brings me back circa 1970(but what do I know being a 90s baby and all). On the rare occasions that I do end up working out, I'll make that longer trek to a better LVAC location.
1	Yes, it looks as if the 80's- early 90's has regurgitated, but I go there to break a sweat and it fulfills my needs.The reason for the 1 star is the poor attitude that given to me over the phone by the one of the managerial staff members when I was in search of a lost item that holds great value to me- truly irreplaceable, and very specific.  This Manager did not show any care for my situation, went straight to the point and stood silent the rest of the phone call.  I was not rude but only tried to understand their policy more.   It was like I was talking to a machine-  a cold hearted asshole who could clearly give 2 shits based on the silence.  How about explaining this crazy policy in further detail to ease an already troubled mind.  "Sir, unfortunately, it is company policy.  We require for you to show up in person, when you are here, just seek out a manager, the process is as easy as possible... yaddy yaddy yaddy."  How ridiculous is it that LVAC team members are not allowed to share what has been "lost & found" over the phone.  Obviously, do not give specific descriptions on items over the phone, but why can't generalized descriptions of an items lost be shared with the public- a gym member??  A key chain, a hat, a shirt, a necklace, etc.   Then, I feel, LVAC has every right to interrogate the individual in person to gain all the information needed to determine if that item truly belongs to he or she.  I am sure, if someone has lost any item that means a great value to he or she, that individual better be able to describe it down to a T.  Instead, they will all their loyal members seeking a lost time to drive from God knows where in the city to go to the gym in person, to only be told sorry- we don't have that type of item here.  FUcking Crazy to me... and that could have not been told to me over the phone?   Yes, it is my fault for losing it in the 1st place, but I am a loyal member just asking for a little help.That lost and found policy should really be amended.  Also, I truly hope other managers are not like that guy.   I'm not asking him to skip leg day, but he should find some time to train his mind and manners instead.  A managerial duties involves customer service skills, which he certainly lacks.  Phone etiquette which he lacks.  Being helpful which he lacks.  Being approachable which he lack.  I should just be talking to a machine at that point, at least I can say it was just a recording.  What's his excuse for his complete lack for care for a loyal members concerns?
3	Not bad gym don't like the attitude of front desk seem upset they have to help with service! They don't keep the cafe bar clean every night I've came it's constantly dirty with the employees laughing at the front desk instead of checking to see how the gym is looking. I love 24 hours open just need to do better housecleaning if I was closer to the one on rainbow I would rather be there!
3	Basic... Usually not to crowded when I'm here.. conveniently close by, which is the main reason I use this location. Lots of cardio users mainly when I'm working out around 1pm.. so the free weights are usually available.
2	If you decide to join this gym.....PLEASE read the contract. I like so many others signed a contract under false pretenses......I was very skeptical about joining a gym because of all the night mares about joining. I however decided to jump on board due to the fact that I currently changed my lifestyle and my health and fitness is my top priority.....I decided to join LVAC because it is directly across the street from my house and it is 24 hours. Before I signed the contract I was told that it was $50 to cancel the contract and if I experienced a job loss or any unforseen circumstances I could put my account on hold. So I enrolled in the automatic payment plan, which takes the money from my account every month on the 1st. I had to switch debit cards because my identity was compromised....however I didn't call to give LVAC the new card number because I just didn't think about it....I have other important things going on in my life thanks remembering to inform LVAC every change that occurs in my life. So on the first at 8am in the morning I go into LVAC to workout and I pay my balance for the month. No big deal right.....two weeks later I get a statement in the mail of a past due balance. When I inquire about the balance it states that LVAC charged me a few due to the fact that they couldn't get the money off my card since it was switched. I stated that they were still paid on the 1st when the money was due...then they procedeed to tell me that they received the payment late...after 5pm...which was impossible since I work in the evening. I didn't realize that automatic payments were such a big deal...I mean I still PAID the day the money was due....so they slapped me with a $23 dollar fee because they wanted a different method of payment...when I called the billing department the guy was rude and short with me....he kept saying..."it's in your contract, it's in your contract." I was so mad I asked for my account to be put on hold and the guy stated they only put the account on hold for medical or military reasons....which I was not told when I signed the contract.....these people will go out of their way to lock you into the 2 year contract. They don't even mention the option of paying month to month unless you bring it up yourself.....the gym is ok, not state of the art but I hear the UNLV gym is much better.... I wish I would have listedned to everyone else and not signed the contract. I only did it because of the convience in location .....these people have some very unethical business practices...they will say or do anything to join.
4	Did I just step in a time machine back to the '80's? This gym is a trip! Tons of equipment, free weights, cardio, pumping music, racquetball, juice bar, pool, and more. $20 for a 24 hour pass that can be used again if arriving within that time span. Pastel colors and seafoam green paddings on equipment everywhere! LOL - love it!I worked out here for a few days recently while in town for a convention. Only about a mile away from the Las Vegas Hilton. Front desk staff was easy to deal with and explained that as long as I used the same pass within 24 hours I can come back again so I got in two days of workouts. In the early morning it was not that crowded and easy to get on any rack or bench I needed. Win!Juice bar made some tasty protein smoothies and was a perfect breakfast meal while heading back to the hotel. Overall, from what I saw the gym was clean and the equipment well maintained. I would definitely come back here when on biz in Vegas, and recommend to anyone looking for a day pass.  I don't know about the other reviewers here complaining about the staff, equipment, gym size, but I wish this type of gym was up here in NYC where I live!
2	In my experience, this LVAC location has the rudest members. Sadly, it's the closest one to where I live if I want a quick workout. I wouldn't recommend coming here.
1	They're having a start up special, so I called to see how much their monthly dues are. The sales representative that picked up thought I was "Sara" & was flat out rude; I finally convinced I wasn't Sara & he didn't even attempt to apologize. I asked how much his monthly dues were again & he had a cocky attitude as if I was annoying him. I asked for the manager & AJ picked up. AJ went straight into sales without acknowledging that the prior guy was wrong & would talk to him. I had to express the distaste that his sales rep left & asked if this how they treat potential clients? How do they treat their members once they've got their money? Don't you work on commission? AJ rebutted with that he'd "try to find out" who the sales rep was & that I could come in for a tour. I'm going to go in & see if AJ is actually a manager, and if he has a name for me, so I can add this jerk's name to my review. I'm already a member at 24 hour fitness & Gold's, but I was looking for a gym a little closer to my house. I don't even want to give this location the credit for my sign up.
4	Not my favorite location but it has a neat atmophere!
2	The gym equipment is okay! I use this ONLY because its the closest one to work for me!! Guest service here is terrible it seems they are wrapped up in their own dilemmas and put you off till someone has time....I have been a member for 9 years and i prefer other locations.
1	This place is a joke.  Dirty, outdated and smells like a sweaty sock.  Worst part about it is night "management", i guess they could give a rat's ass about customer service since they got you locked in a contract.  Shame on this company for allowing such behavior from their "managers", shame on you.
1	under no circumstances go here!! stay far far far away from this awful place.  the staff is unfriendly and unhelpful. the environment is completely vile disgusting and dirty. the equipment is old and needs to be burned. i seriously think if you were to do a swab, as a matter of fact i know if you did, that you would find staff virus and mold and leftover sweat all over the floors and equipment. i signed up for this gym and basically was told that a two year agreement was my option, and that it would be easy to cancel this membership. after only two weeks i've been at this gym and only used it about five times, i found it very difficult to continue to go here. not only is the gym completely unfit to work out, but even the patrons that go here are to be desired. the locker rooms are absolutely disgusting and men stare at you in the showers while they masturbate looking at you. the staff does nothing to rectify this situation. i think it's absolutely bizarre that this is allowed. i would rather not have some 60-year-old mexican man stare at me naked and get a boner and jack off while he's watching me.  i don't care how cheap it is or that they offer day care or whatever else you may think is a good deal, go somewhere else. go to 24 hour fitness at least or your local gyms that are much cleaner and have staff that are friendlier. this gym has equipment that is about 15 years to 20 years old.  it is worth it to do a trial membership. trust me. and if you like it, then sign up.
1	If I could give a zero star rating I would. -DO NOT SIGN CONTRACT- sales agents are full of their own garbage. They say you can cancel your membership at any time... Ya if you pay off the remaining balance of a two year contract!! F*&^$ING Liars. DONT MAKE THE MISTAKE I DID. LVAC JUST WANT TO STEAL FROM YOU AND SEND YOU TO COLLECTIONS!!!!!
4	Bomb gym. Love the retro vibe. Hate that they have a no gym bag on the floor rule- I have too much stuff to carry/need during my workout to put my bag in a locker. $50 for a week pass was a steal. Bf and I loved the equipment too, such an awesome variety
1	I WOULD NOT GO TO THIS CLUB AGAIN there are many you can go to that you will not have to deal with someone online when needing to cancel you have to deal with someone over the phone its so stupud! I moved away and tried to cancel and got the go around for  months! stupid After finally getting the paper work to them they said they need paper on my wife! Wtf! It's my wife it's a package deal! Very disappointed in this place.
1	This is for all LVAC gyms: You are all rip-offs with prices that fluctuate terribly. I didn't mind paying $22 a month but you go off promoting $19/month and yet you don't want to match it? I called the billing department and you straight lied to me about it ranging from $19-$22 max. First off, you charge my friend $23/month. I believe that's more than $22, do you not know how to count or? And what's so hard about matching the price of what you're promoting? Your gyms are big and spacious, I'll give you credit for that but truly, your customer service sucks. Thanks for ripping me off. Sincerely, canceling my membership with you guys. This is for anyone who plan on joining their contract. Be aware of getting over-charged. For all I know, some of you could be paying $24+.
1	The gym is dirty and old and the whole place is extremely smelly.  The "trainers" were rude and uninterested in working with me.  When I complained about the trainers I was told they are really just coaches, but that's not what was said to me when I joined and they sold me a pack with a trainer.  Even if they are just coaches, there's no reason for them to be rude.  The staff was misleading with their sales contract and will say anything to get you to sign.  I was told I could switch to a pay in full plan at anytime, and then when I went to do that, was told that's not possible and there's absolutely no one in the company that can help.  In fact, the billing department said, we'll just cancel you membership and send it to collections instead of finding a resolution, and I was willing to pay them!  I'm not sure what I'll do to resolve the issue, because I've been reading other reviewers that said even if you pay them off they won't cancel your contract and just keep billing you anyway.  I would 100% not recommend joining this gym.  It's not a nice place, the staff isn't helpful, and the contract is a nightmare.  There's a 24 hour fitness just a block away.
2	This is like 80's decor LVAC, probably the worst of the chain I have been to.  The equipment is a bit old but they have most of the same amenities as other locations.
5	Haters gonna hate -- but non-poseurs who are dedicated to FITNESS (such as myself) recognize that this gym is the SHIT!First off, all these other reviewers bitching about the membership fees better check themselves -- there is NO other value to even compare. When you first sign up, it's around $22/month. -- recockulously cheap compared to other gyms with comparable facilities and number of locations. After your initial 2-year contract expires, you have the option to renew for around $125 a *YEAR* -- that's TEN DOLLARS A MONTH. How fucking cheap do you have to be to bitch about that?! I get the feeling everyone on here who's complaining about the fees is a lard-ass who's secretly looking for any reason to avoid working out.Fees aside, unlike "other" LVAC locations, this humble, old-ass location is never choked with fake-titted idiots and 'roided-out douchebags (we do get a few...but are never choked with them). The clientele here is an unpretentious mix of old folks, blue-collar types, Latinos and random-ass weirdos. In other words...my crew! Since no one can afford a car, there's always plenty of parking....and the juice bar never has a line :)Size-wise, it doesn't feel smaller than the newer locations -- the women's gym is maybe even bigger than the other locations', and there's plenty of room in the main weight area, with all the machines they have at the other gyms. Pool and sauna are comparable as well. There's no indoor track...but who the fuck cares?Smell-wise, I don't notice any weird odors here, and I'm super-anal about that stuff. It feels and smells clean to me -- the bathrooms as well. I've been working out here since 2003 (!!!) and I'm here to tell you, it's LEGIT. Fuck all the haters, and especially fuck the poseurs who prance and preen at the suburban LVACs. I'd rather work out here any day -- the parking lot is well-lit and patrolled, and there's WAY LESS FAKE-TITTED/'ROIDED-OUT MORONS hogging the machines. If you're serious about fitness, and not going to the gym to pick up chicks/dudes, then you will enjoy working out here.
