5	Pita Jungle is a great place to get inexpensive Mediterranean food (as long as you don't mind a bit of a wait).The food usually gets served up really fast, but then your waiter leaves and -never comes back-.  I'm not ususally a stickler for outstanding wait service, but I do like to get my glass refilled and be given my check in a timely manner.Never-the-less, the food is so good it makes up for any other flaws.
3	I just don't see the greatness in Pita Jungle. Sure they have O.K. food. They aren't as cheap as I would price them based on their food(it isn't that good). The resturant is realtively unpleant because it smells funny, and it is awkwardly designed. It is quite vegetarian friendly however.
4	WHAT A DIFFERENCE from the Chandler location to the Snottsdale location! The food is still unbelievably good, but here it comes with prompt service, accurate orders and fresh-showered, healthy/vibrant looking employees.After this weekend I think I'd be happy to drive the 45 minutes to this location rather than the five minutes to the Chandler location for my Pita Jungle fix.
5	Nice large portions with pretty clean ingredients this place was a nice find.  My friend Andrea took me here and it was my first spot to eat in in Scottsdale.I had the Pita Chips app which was huge and delish, as well as the Lavosh Schawarma Wrap.  It was big and filling and the chicken was good and there was a lot of it!  Definitely a good bet.  Inexpensive, clean, and pretty quick!
5	Huge greek food fan here.  The Pita jungle is awesome!  However, it's not the best place to get your typical greek fare from.  FOOD: Their wraps and pitas (of course) are great.  For lunch, try the Schwarma Wrap and for dinner, get the Medchillada...it's huge!!!  The great thing about Pita Jungle is that it's extremely healthy for a restaurant.  Their food isn't greasy and they have whole wheat pitas and brown rice.   The hummus is always good as well.  They're not skimpy either...when you get chicken in a wrap, they stuff it with huge chunks of chicken breasts.SERVICE - They have an opportunity here, but I won't complain too much.  This location seems to be better than others.  The wait staff is average, however extremely fast.  The kitchen can really get things out quickly which is great for lunch.VALUE - Awesome value.  Just about everything is under $10 and you can get some pitas and wraps for around $6. If you're in to greek and/or healthy food, give it a try!
4	I never thought I'd say it but dammit, I have jungle fever.  Pita Jungle actually makes healthy food taste good, which I didnt think was possible.  I usually go for some sort of chicken wrap, which comes with a salad, etc etc...  The hummus is also a staple in my PJ diet.  Cant go wrong with the caprese salad too.  Service is something I think could be better...  The waitstaff is all pretty granola-y, which I have nothing against, but they dont so much hustle as they do shuffle around.  If you know what I mean,  No?  Go see for yourself.  But get there early, you'll usually wait a bit.
5	There are but a few things I can eat over and over and never get sick of, and one of them is the Broiled Chicken Salad from Pita Jungle. Ohh...my....GOD it is the best thing ever!!!!! I want to give it an award! It's the most simple salad I've ever seen but every ingredient is fresh, the chicken is marinated in what I can only assume to be GOLD, and the lemon vinigarette is incredible. Plus, it's an actual "healthy" salad, not typical these days where the caloric content of a restaurant salad reaches into the 1000s. I've tried other dishes here, too, but when I find something I love, i stick to it. It's not that I'm a picky eater. I eat pretty much everything. But I'm just loyal to what I love.  The Lavosh Shwarma wrap is great, too, and big enough to share or keep one half for your next meal. And their hummus is the best I've has anywhere - creamy and totally delish. Pita Jungle is my idea of culinary perfection - healthy, tasty, and affordable. When I've indulged (Read: Delux/DQ Blizzard/Z Tejas Frusions) Pita Jungle comes to me and my body's rescue.
4	Anyone who knows me knows I am addicted to their Gazpacho. It's so yummy and the pine nuts what a great addition. The cilantro jalapeno hummus is divine and so is the Gambas con Ajo appetizer. The portions are huge so you can definitely share with a friend. I love this place also bc I can walk in there after a yoga class and not feel like I am under dresses.
4	So how many different ways can you serve a pita? Well this place challenges all the laws of physics of the pita. Yes, it is good, and yes, it has a great menu. However, what I liked most was the diverse staff in the dead center of  DNA molecularly cloned Dolly-esque Scottsdale. They had to bus these people in from Phoenix, or Tempe. Like a diverse, artsy,  school equality program. They traded fake blondes, and muscularly tanned, ex-football jocks, who use way too much product in their hair, for artsy, unique, individuals. I wonder where the Scottsdale exchange workers went to? Anyway, if you want a cool lunch place, to kick back, talk to friends, or are just tired of cliched Scottsdale life, check this place out. (disclaimer: I do not reside in Scottsdale, but unfortuntely have to work in Scottsdale) I just pretend it's a Desert-ificated Norman Rockwell painting as  I drive by row after row of perfectly manicured landscapes. If Normal Rockwell lived in Scottsdale he would have changed his name to N. Roc Wells His friends call him "Roc"
5	Good, FAst, Cheap!the production triangle. in my world your to pick only 2 of the 3....Here you get it all...had Chicken and Humus and Pita...delicious!...had to run to my yoga class only had 20min...there where blazing fast....serving was anapitizer but a big serving and under $10 ok so not taco bell cheap but a good value.. (at SAnta monica peir I once had a $25 taco bell bill for only two people! so location is every thing) Decore- I was really impressed I was afriad i need reservations!can't wait to go backedit-the coke was 2.25!  the meal was only 6.75 not sure what i feel about that yet...
5	I had plans tonight that were unexpectedly cancelled and after my yoga class (At One Yoga), I was starving. Somehow, I had managed to go all day without eating. Spontaneously, I decided to head over to Pita Jungle (Scottsdale and Shea) to see how long it might take for a take out order of Chicken/Hummus (sub cucumber for pita bread) and a small side of Tabboule. The bartender (Ana?) warmly greeted and, was cordial and efficient and told me it would be just a few minutes. She wasn't kidding! The total of my order was $10.39 and the bag of goodies was in my hands so quickly that it actually took longer for me to drive home...The food held its integrity in the packaging and was 95% as good as if I was sitting on the Pita Jungle patio enjoying it with a glass of wine and about to head to the Gelato Spot for dessert. Tonight's trade off though is that, I had dinner while sitting in my favorite chair, with enough to have lunch and maybe a light dinner tomorrow night too!
5	Five stars to Pita Jungle for being one of the handful of places that my mom, dad, husband  all enjoy. Oh, and I love it.After about 2 hours of deliberations last night we decided to head over to the Scottsdale location. Bad news was that it was a 25 minute wait. The wait was made even worse by the fact that I'm quite sure the hostess accidentally skipped over us at least once. But once we sat down we forgot all about it. The parents had the salmon ($13), my husband had the seafood provencal and I had the med platter (it's the first time i"ve gotten anything other than the lentil fattoush salad, which is one of my all-time favorite meals). We all all got the cup of red lentil Turkish soup which was fabulous!Everyone was happy and full at the end of the meal and my dad was even excited about how cheap everything was.. thank you Pita Jungle.
3	A major drawback is the stale smell of the dining room.  My meal would probably have been a lot more enjoyable if I got to eat in the outdoor patio.It's a good place, however, to take a mixed group - there's something for everyone - gyros and shwarmas for carnivores, Med platter (hummus, baba, tsaziki, tabouleh, falafel) for vegetarians.  Portions are generous - especially the lentil and rice side which was as big if not bigger than the mains.  Food hits the table fast and the prices are reasonable - no wonder this place is always packed.
4	Overall, I'd give this place a 5 star for fresh ingredients and taste, but I have to take away 1 star for its, errrr, pita?  Correct me if I'm wrong, but I found the pita to be a little dry and lacking in chewiness and since pita is the staple here, I just had to take away one star...  Otherwise, I'm sure the hummus would have been eaten completely instead of being enjoyed with a bag of Trader Joe's pita chips a few hours later (delicious!)..  Fresh tasty  food & I will definitely return!
5	The five stars is within the context of easy, affordable, healthy, casual dining. This is my default restaurant when I want a pleasant and delicious place to take my family. They have a great selection of flavorful food, lots of vegetarian options, hummus and the like, but also nicely spiced meat dishes, and very healthy wine pours with a good by the glass selection. The G Spot is right next door for gelato dessert. Yum.
5	I've avoided reviewing Pita Jungle because I just don't think my meager words can do it justice. So this is what I've come up with:If I could live here for the rest of my life and roll around in their hummus all day long, I would die happy.My favorite restaurant in all of Phoenix. Hands down.
5	One of my favorite spots here in Scottsdale!  I love their Baba Ganoush, Roasted Red Pepper Humas, Stuffed Grape Leaves, Falafel and of course the Baklava.This place is is super inexpensive and they give you a lot of food...The only thing is eat fast because the food comes out of the kitchen at lightening speed! So if you order an appetizer wait to order!
5	Definitely one of my favorite places in Scottsdale!!!  I always order the same thing....  hummus as an appetizer and the pesto pizza as my meal.  Heavenly!!!  Definitely the best hummus I have ever tasted.  And the prices are very affordable. If I were to write anything negative, I would say that sometimes you have to wait awhile.  So, if you are going to the movies afterwards or need to get back to work..... leave plenty of time.  Especially if you prefer an outside/inside seat.
3	I really want to love Pita Jungle.  The food has always been consistently good.  In turn, the service has been dependably terrible.  This location takes the cake.  The following gripes may seem like an overreaction and, if isolated, may be.  It's just too bad that this type of service is par for the course at the Jungle.The host was fine.  A nice enough kid, if a little in over his head.  It was a weekend afternoon and the crowd was accordingly large.  We were finally seated and our waiter was the requisite bored, slightly laconic twentysomething.  He took our drink and food order and promptly disappeared for an hour.  Seriously, we didn't see him again until it was time for the check and all he could muster was a weak apology muttered under his breath.  We did, however, get the unique pleasure of being assigned the hippest of hip female servers who brought us our food complete with a side of smug irony and a nasty case of stink eye.  At this time, we had to ask the totally overwhelmed host for silverware.  Nobody ever bothered to offer us drink refills.  If I wanted to be surrounded by a bunch of kids who don't care about their jobs, I'd go to Joe's Crab Shack.   Whatever -  I'll probably still go back.
4	I love Pita Jungle's food (service is another story)!! Never had a bad meal. And what I love most of all is the lemon dressing they use on the Greek salad. It's soooo light and refreshing. The only thing I don't like is that they don't serve pepperochini with it. I could eat those things whole! Pita Jungle where are my peppers??Anyway, as far as the service, I've gotta agree w/ Robert A. At both the Shea and Indian School locations, the service is very spotty. In fact, I was just at the Shea location last night, and after being seated outside...in the sun....we were not greeted by our server for 7 min! Ummmm....no water....no iced tea.....not even a "hello I'll be right with you"!!! On the flip side, the kitchen is lightening fast. No kidding, our food was at our table shortly after we finally got our iced tea! The Indian School location is worse for service. Because the location is so small, its like the servers are pissy just so you'll want to leave and they can rotate your table!
4	I'm not a vegetarian, but some friends visiting from out of town are.  After taking them here for dinner the other night, they loved it so much that we had to go back there for lunch the next day.Their favorite dishes:- Mediterranean platter, especially the eggplant dip- Veggie stir fry, which is technically a side, but really large enough to be a mainI had beef gyro both time and would thought it was good, but I would have preferred lamb.
3	I love their food - but I am torn, I can't give them four stars because there service REALLY needs to improve!  I just go there to practice being Zen-like!  No matter how bad the service is I just smile!  In addition, I only sit outside because it is really loud inside which is far from enjoyable.
4	The wife and I love this place and have ate here too many times to count. Great salads, gyros, and pita pizzas. It's a popular and fairly healthy joint, one of the best places to get a good dinner for $10-20 I've found.
4	I love Pita Jungle. I don't live in Phoenix, but I visit often since my family is there. Every time, I go to Pita Jungle. My last visit, I went straight there from the airport. The food is so yummy, it's easy to order healthy, prices are reasonable, and portions are huge. I always have leftovers. The salads are my favorite, but the chicken plate with beans, rice and garlic sauce is also really good. And they have bottomless refills on my favorite drink -- Arnold Palmers. What more could you want? Pita Jungle, please open a San Francisco location!
4	Since I'm a regular at this location of the Jungle lately, I only feel it fair to review this one too... (I reviewed the Indian School location back in January).This Jungle is still one of our regular restaurants on the rotation - it's cheap, healthy, casual, and huge portions.  Still consistent and I've never had a bad meal at any of the jungles.  I pretty much order the macro platter every visit, but on occasion I'll mix it up with a salad, wrap, or pizza.  Most recently, I really mixed it up since I was feeling adventurous.  I ordered us an appetizer of 1/2 hummus and 1/2 garlic dip.  I really liked it!    The texture was smooth and it went well with both the pita and cucumbers we requested.  Call me crazy, but I mixed it up even more and ordered the spinach pasta salad and added tofu to it for my entree - and again, delicious!  As a matter of fact, so good that I didn't even add my normal squeeze of sracha sauce!If you haven't been to Pita Jungle, go soon - don't expect a fancy schmancy place; just go in with moderate expectations for good food that comes in big portions.  Speaking of big portions, I'm off to eat my leftovers... :)
4	I love there food, atmosphere, and there hip staff, which you could see working at trails. the portion size is eminence and the service is pretty good. I have noticed a couple more locations in phoenix and Glendale, will definitely be trying them out .
4	I love this restaurant!  The hummus with pine nuts and with chicken (or without) is to die for!  I love hummus, and this is so good!  I have also eaten their schwarma pits (fried garbonzo beans in a pita) which is equally delicious.  Yum!  I have also had a small lunch pizza with spinach, pesto, goat cheese, and tomatos. Yum! All in all this place has great food, and In have always had great service, and delicious food. It is very fun and consistent.  I will always go back!
4	If the kids like so do we.  Have come here a few times on our visits.  The pizza is good.  Nice folks.  We will be back again.
4	I like Pita Jungle. I like it a lot.Yes, the portions are mongo, but you never leave wishing you had more.I love that I can go here and still be healthy while eating out. The last two times I went I got the Grilled Vegetable Salad, which was tasty but I felt it was a tad on the oily side. Today I got a summer special -- the Mediterranean Salad, which had chicken, romaine, tomatoes, roasted red peppers, golden raisins, red onion, corn, cilantro and a lemon dressing. It was wonderful! I thought the raisins and corn were odd at first, but I really did enjoy it. And being that it was coming on 2:30 and I hadn't eaten much all day, I snarfed the whole thing down like a little piglet. But it was all good, healthy stuff, so I'm not feeling bad. :)The downsides to this place are that it can be a little "crunch-a-fied," but hey, I lived in Boulder, Colo., for a number of years and so I tend to like that "granola" way. The only thing I sometimes see is that the service can be a tiny bit slow, but that could also be because it's generally hopping when I am there. The last two times I went the service was good.I'd love to see them offer whole-wheat pasta. That would be a dream come true.Good food, "crunchy" atmosphere (which I like), well priced and healthy, wholesome stuff.Mmmm. I could go for some of that hummus right about now!The servers seem to have a lot of those ear stretch things, which I don't get. Maybe it's part of the crunch-a-fied uniform. Ha ha. They can keep the ear things, just keep the healthy stuff comin'...
3	Pita jungle is "OK" at best, I'm Egyptian/Lebanese myself so i know what this food should taste like, Pita jungle do make a good attempt but the food is defeinitley not authentic, "BUT THEY DO NOT CLAIM TO BE AUTHENTIC EITHER", so maybe my personal expectations are just too high!!  but i must say" the Hummus is mediocre and the the pitas don't seem very fresh!
3	A few of my friends are obsessed with the Jungle and eat there at least twice a week, sometimes four times a week. I expected to fall in love immediately, but instead the relationship has been platonic at best. Having been dragged along by my friends on multiple occasions I've been able to try many of the menu items. So here's the good, the bad and the ugly of Pita Jungle...The Good:----------------Lentil Fatoosh Salad - This lentil, rice and crispy onion and pita topped salad is one of my favorites. It's served warm and when fresh has a really great balance of textures and flavors. It's no good leftover (as with most salads)  so share with a friend or bring a hefty appetite. Blue Corn Nachos- My favorite appetizer item. A huge plate of blue corn tortilla chips is topped with numerous types of beans and more cheese than I've ever seen on a plate of nachos. It's accompanied by a side of tsatziki and pico de gallo. I recently shared just this with a friend and couldn't even eat half of it. The Bad--------------Medchilada- This gigantic burrito, which makes a Chipotle burrito look tiny by comparison, is rather disappointing. In this case, size DOESN'T matter. From the bland chicken and beans inside to the boring side of brown rice and pico, this dish is dull from beginning to end. Pesto Pizza- This doesn't taste bad persay, but I've had a microwave Healthy Choice pizza that tasted better. It's small, made on a pita and just isn't very satisfying. It pales in comparison to the glazed chicken lavosh pizza which is rather tasty. The Ugly---------------Store bought pitas from a restaurant who prides itself on using fresh and healthy ingredients. I understand that homemade pitas might be a lot to ask, but do the store bought ones have to be stale? Half the time I've ordered hummus, my pitas haven't tasted fresh. The waitstaff- Their website claims to have "fun and creative" people, but they are far from that. I've heard fans of this location defend the waitstaff as just being "laid back" and "nonchalant", but I can't help but feel they are just unfriendly and inattentive. They will bring you fresh drinks in to-go cups with no questions asked, but it'll take 10 minutes to get them. ---------Maybe I'm being harsh, but for a restaurant with such hype, I had high expectations which have never been met. I do like that I can sit for hours and never feel pressured to leave. That and the few dishes I enjoy are enough to keep my coming back, even if I have to spend half the time wondering where my waiter has disappeared to!
2	I don't get it? This place is always packed and the food is only ok. Maybe its the fact that the price is reasonable but as far as quality and authenticity, I would go elsewhere
3	I've been going to this pita jungle for years.  The food is really quite hit or miss.  i think I've had most of the stuff on their menu, here are a few standouts:  the hummus is very good, the shwarma is terrible, the turkey pesto wrap is good, the lentil fetoosh salad is very good, the club wrap is bad, the lavosh pizza is good, and the glazed chicken lavosh pizza is really very unique and tasty.  I'm giving Pita Jungle three stars only because of their service.  The service is not really terrible, I just find it annoying that the servers and the larger restaurant for that matter don't seem to care about your experience.  After being a patron of Pita Jungle for so long I find it weird that it seems like the restaurant actually tries to hire aloof servers.
4	I am a regular here - as well as the other valley locations - this one is closer to home though.  I feel like I know their menu without looking and I mix it up everytime I'm there - its great to order a few different appetizers and share everything - the more the merrier. I always feel that everything is really fresh and healthy. I have never had a bad meal here - however sometimes the service may be a little inconsistent. It's still worth a visit - its healthy, cheap and very casual.
4	Oh how I love Pita Jungle. I go here often - this location and the Arcadia one. I have tried a few things, but I have a tendency to pick favorites and not stray from them. I LOVE the Spinach Pasta Salad (which I add chicken to). The Jalapeno Cilantro Hummus is sooo yummy. To be honest, everything else I have tried hasn't really done it for me. I had the Lemon Chicken Artichoke Pasta Salad the other night and I just wasn't feeling it. The falaffel is good - but nothing compared to Pita House. My date got the salmon - he said it was really good. The servers are always, well, entertaining. I feel the urge to go spend my latest paycheck at American Apparel before going in for dinner. You know, the whole 'unattractive on purpose' thing. Can't say it's a trend that I've ever been into. The Scottsdale, Tempe, and Arcadia locations all fit the same mold. Trendy, nice little spots. However, I went to the Mesa one the other day and it just seemed a bit off. The set up is weird: seating is on one side and the bar is off in space in the opposite corner. I asked the bartender how business had been - she told me not so great.
5	I've been to many middle eastern restaurants, but for my tastes, Pita Jungle has the best hummus.  It is not to thick, not too thin, not too garlicy, not too mild.  Every time I go to Pita Jungle, I resolve to change things up and eat other things, but the hummus is too tempting and I normally get a side of mixed beans to round out the meal.Sure, the 1,000 beans meal is great, but it is often too much food if I also have hummus.
3	Had dinner here last night. We used to go once a week and have dropped back a bit because of the service. PJ knows that the food is good and the price is right. They pack the house even though the servers treat you more like a nuisance than a valued customer, which is why they don't improve (and the only reason I knocked off 2 stars). I know they are all super-emo-cool but come on, there are lots of places to eat and the economy is bad! Treat me like you're happy to see me spending money in your restaurant! I have high hopes for the soon to open Desert Ridge location.The chicken and hummus and lavosh shawarma were right on, as usual. You might be aggravated with the staff but you won't be disappointed with the food. Carry out anyone?
4	Pita Jungle is one of Fran's favorite restaurants.  We eat in or carry out from there at least once a week or more.  We typically have the soups and the chicken hummus.  On occasion,  I have strayed and had the black bean, veggie burgers and Gyro Sandwiches.  They are all good.If I have one complaint, it is that I feel that the menu is a little bit limited for me.  It might be because I'm burned out because we eat there so much.In the end, you can't argue with the quality of the food or the prices.  I actually believe that Pita Jungle is one of the best values in town.
4	We visited Pita Jungle two consecutive nights while travelling in AZ. The first night, fantastic. Good service, waiter knowledgable of vegan items on their menu, great food. I had their hummous/tabbouleh plate and it was *enormous*. Normally, I make it my mission to finish my food (waste is my TOP peeve), but I just could not do it. So much delicious hommous...perfectly smooth, though not too thin, not too much garlic nor oil. And the fresh tabbouleh...yum. Nice and parsley-y. Easy on the mint (I detest too much mint in food). The pita, however, was a dissapointment. Too chewy. I could not eat that either. -Which is not good for a place called PITA Jungle.Mum loved her pesto pizza (on a pita). Though, it was a bit heavy on the cheese, the pita crust remained crisp. We shared a yummy eel river ale and table water (which def. needed some lemon).The next night, we tried to order another ale, but as it was friday night and they are in a lot with a cinema, they were quite busy, and had run out of glasses. Not just chilled glasses, all glasses. Never a good sign. Then, we ordered a cup of lentil soup for my nephew. It came out after a time, but not in a cup -a HUGE salad bowl. "Er, is this your cup of soup?" "We ran out of cups." And, apparently, they were running out of soup...because it seemed like the dregs and was ice cold. Luckily, the clean glass and beer arrived. Followed shortly by our other food, another pita pizza for my mum and the Falafel plate for me and my nephew. Thankfully, these items redeemed the night. Mum liked the Pita Pizza even more than the other (perfectly prepped mushrooms, and a bit less cheese), and again, the falafel plate was such a generous portion that there was plenty for my wee nephew and I to share (since he had no soup). The falafel were delicious, hot, crisp outside, soft within, not too salty, nor oily. The baby loved them. Came with lettuce, tomato, cucumber, and pickles! -which are not mentioned on the menu, so do NOT order extra, as I did, and risk the stink eye from your waitress and an abundance of pickles (albeit tasty ones).We ended up enjoying ourselves yet again, but we had to wait quite a time for our bill, and then had to remind the waitress to remove the lentil soup. So, great food, huge portions, great prices, but woo... they need to be ready for friday nights.
5	SIMPLY the BESTComing to Desert Ridge in Jan. 09!!!!!!!!!West side of Tatum -North of 101 -in corporate officepark
4	Yum! You know you're in trouble when you get hungry and immediately log on to yelp to find out where you are going to eat. But you haven't done me wrong yelp, in recommending Pita Jungle. Today I had a lunch of baba ghanoush and the pita pizza. There was plenty of BG left for me to take home, but the pizza was gone in almost an instant. Let's not debate this in the classic Chicago vs New York style, this is a pita with pizza toppings on it, not brain surgery. But the ingredients were what made the meal. FRESH. the spinach was not previously frozen, the tomatoes were firm and juicy, the mushrooms were not out of a can! there was a touch of feta, and just the right pizza spices. It was small, pita bread small, but that's cool, just because I want to eat like a pig doesn't mean I should...all of the assorted staff who approached me were friendly and the service was quick. I will be back for falafel, for pesto pizza, for the macro platter and a couple of the other sandwiches that looked good.
5	I've been to this Pita Jungle a million times... they are easily my all time number 1 pick for quality and consistency of their food, great value for the money, great atmosphere, and anything else you could think of for a cool, hip place to eat "not bad for you" food. The one thing that consistently lacks is the service, I swear it is like they hand out a new hire book that tells their servers to be aloof. BUT WAIT!!! This afternoon, I met the wife for a quick bite and had Nick for a server- the dude is awesome! He's not all up in your bidnez awesome, but laid back awesome. I am so totally thrilled to be able to write about a good service experience here because I really do love this place. So even on it's worst service day, I would still eat here, but I am stoked to have someone I can ask for when I go next time (probably next week :)Eat here people!
4	Yum, Yum, Yum!  Went here for a late lunch, and was surprised how busy it was for almost 2:00pm.  The two of us were able to be seated right away, and received super fast service.  The hummus is delicious, although they give you a huge plate of hummus and only 1 pita with the small order....I could've used a couple more, but whatev.  The greek salad I had was the perfect size and delicious.  Just what I want in a light lunch!  Definitely one of my favorite lunch spots, or dinner spots when I'm not eating pizza.  :)
4	My wife and I had dinner here tonight and as usual, it as fantastic.  The only problem was the Tomato Basil Soup ended up being very salty.  So, I sent it back and it ended up being a blessing in disguise because I got to try the Turkish Red Lentil Soup.  What a pleasant surprise that was, if you get the chance I highly recommend Pita Jungle. One of my favorite places in Scottsdale.
5	I loooove Pita Jungle!  Their food is incredible and healthy - a rare treat these days.  The hummus that kicks things off is some of the best I've ever had.  I've stuck to a few dishes including the Chicken Masala and the  black bean burger (I'm not a vegetarian, but I prefer it to real burgers now!).  I have yet to find hippy health food that compares.  The servers are always really nice and attentive, and best of all it's fairly cheap.  I would definitely eat here every day if there was one closer to old town!
4	that was likely the cleanest, healthiest gyro i've ever eaten (for better or worse). and the falafel balls were crunch crunch yum. i thank my phoenix native roommate for the suggestion - it was spot on what we wanted.
4	I love pita jungle and this location, since it seems to be bigger than the others. Awesome hummus and great Shwarma Chicken. Go check it out. You won't be disappointed.
5	I LOVE this restaurant!  GREAT hummus selections.  Fun staff.  Very reasonable prices.  You'll definitely get enough to eat!  There's cool are inside and lots of great seating outside.  I love that everything is SO healthy and that it's like a little hippy haven in the middle of posh Scottsdale.  Location is great!  It's a great place for lunch or dinner, especially if you want to eat before hitting up Harkins!EAT HERE!
5	If you don't get here by 11:50, you can pretty much have a 15-25 min wait, espcially if you want the patio - and we all want that.  Everyone else has done an excellent job in reviewing them & their food, so no sense to repeat.  Myself? i luv the chicken wrap - wow - such fresh ingredients, tender chicken, GR8 tatziki - how do you spell YUM?
5	Simply fabulous.  Showed up on a Monday night (of all times) and this place was hopping.  As in packed.  As in - the only seats were outside.  I was pleasantly surprised with attentive wait staff, inexpensive prices, and absolutely amazing food.  Had the hummus, the Falafel Pita, and some Baklava.  I highly recommend it all.You definitely have a new fan.
5	Love the pita jungle!!!  My fave is the chicken and hummus appetizer.  Definitely enough for a meal and super cheap too.  Also love the chicken swarma sandwich and the chicken pizza.  You can't go wrong here.
5	Best hummus on the planet. My favorite restaurant of all time.The chicken pasta salad and the chicken combo platters are my favorites.They catered my wedding almost 7 years ago and recently catered a bridal shower I hosted for a friend.I've been to the Tempe, Scottsdale, Arcadia and Desert Ridge locations. All of them are awesome!
5	Love, love, love Pita Jungle. The food is absolutely delicious!!For as many times as I've enjoyed their food, I've never actually dined in the restaurant (we always get takeout) - but judging by the crowds I always see - it is a popular spot for sure! I have ordered several things off of their menu and loved it - I usually get the Greek Chicken salad - they give you TONS of chicken and it's so delicious!
5	Love Pita Jungle! They have the best grilled chicken breast ever and will not tell me what they marinade it in :O)... all I know is that it takes three days to marinade.I love their broiled chicken salad and hummus (original flavor) appetizer. My girlfriend and I go there at least once a week! we're both obsessed. It is healthy and reasonably priced.
4	Healthy food, delicious tea, but crowded on weekendsFOODI am usually not a fan of hummus- but this was the first place I've gone and liked the hummus. It was delicious! Every dish around us that was brought out to other tables looked delicious. (I only ordered a pita and hummus) The menu had a great mix of lite meals and heavy entrees. Great if you need a snack or a full blown meal.AMBIANCEThe decor is unique- there are paintings (that are for sale) on the walls. The kitchen is open and you can view it from the dining area. It's noisy and usually busy. There's not a lot of room when you enter the main door. If one or more parties are waiting you may need to step outside to have any room. OTHERWhen I asked for an extra pita at the end of the meal I expected to a $2.00 + charge. They only charged us .30 for the pita :) It was great!Try the Iced Tea- it's delicious too!
4	I'm so glad I found PJ! I'm on an extended visit from the Bay Area, and getting tired of the 'over-bearing' fancy places in Scottsdale ... everywhere I go, I feel like I'm in a place where every element of the dining experience (architecture, tables, even the darned restrooms!) has been carefully crafted by committee to suck me in and empty my wallet .  PJ is decidedly 'rough and ready' and all the bettter for it.  The caprese salad (tomato / mozzarella/basil) is surprisingly good, and the chicken Lavash (sp?) is fabulous - their bread products are pretty good!   My g/f enjoyed the Salmon too.  I love sitting outside in the heat at night, watching the world go by.  I would warn against the Chicken Tikka Masala, though; the waitress said 'It's good if you like Indian food'; I'd say, only try it if you've never tasted the real thing!  The chicken was pentiful but chopped into mechanical looking cubes, and didn't taste like they'd been in the sauce for long ... and the sprouts were decidely strange.   But still .. the atmosphere, and most of the food, are fabulous, so they get my vote and return dollar!
5	We frequent the Pita Jungle more than any other restaurant in the valley.  It's a great place to go for fresh, healthy, delicious food.  Undoubtedly my favorite restaurant around.  I love the decor of the Tempe, Scottsdale, and Chandler locations, but I think the Desert Ridge location strayed and tries to be a little bit too posh.  Regardless, the food is still delicious.  Try the red pepper hummus and the baba ganoush.  And the tablouli salad with hummus and feta cheese.  And if they still have the masala chicken special, eat that too.  You can't go wrong.
1	I went today with three friends for dinner around 6 PM Sunday night. Though it seemed quite busy, I was pleased to get a seat within two minutes upon arrival. Outside seating, despite a hot Arizona summer, was pretty nice with shade. However, this is where the pleasanties end.Our table remain neglected for approximately twenty minutes. No one bothered to offer us drinks, and it was quite irritating to see tables who arrived after us being served appetizers. When our waiter came, he did not even apologize for the wait, and we gave our orders: drinks, appetizers, and pita sandwiches.The hummus and garlic dip came relatively quickly, only twenty minutes later. Both were alright, but something is seriously wrong if all of us were only served one pita with the two dips, and each dip was more than twice the size of the pita. We asked our waiter for extra pita, and he kindly agreed. The entire duration of dinner, it never came.Refills were also a pain, as we would ask someone to fetch our waiter, and he wouldn't come until ten minutes later.An hour after ordering could not possibly justify only four meager gyro sandwiches. I've been to plenty of other businesses who have made that kind of order and more in just ten minutes during a busy lunch hour. Half the tables outside already left, including tables that arrived after us, and we were the last ones served. The food was of average quality, and I've been to better with cheaper prices.Slightly expensive, I can see as justified. But many agree that time is worth much more than money. I had an excessive amount, over an hour and a half, wasted on a decellerating Sunday night. Staff is kind of nice, but I suggest a serious change in priorities so that first time customers like myself aren't immediately turned off. I can say for certain that I'm never coming here again, and I'll find myself at better places much closer to home.
4	I'm moved to write a limerick instead of a haiku...this time:)        We stopped at the Jungle at lunchtime,     The Hummus and Schwarma were both fine,     The food is all scrumptious,     The service is bumptious,     All in all, though, we had a good time:)I just noticed that I wrote an entire limerick without a single reference to Nantucket...a first for me:)A solid 4 stars:)
4	Really good hummus and garlic dip, with the real star being the babagonoush (and yes, part of the fun of ordering is saying babagonoush).  I've never eaten here, only at the Tempe location back when I was in school, but whenever I am in the mood for something different to munch on while watching the game or if I have to take a dip or something to a party this is where I stop off
4	This place is always consistent. For the most part the service is always good and the food always comes out quickly. I love the red bell pepper hummus with steak, it comes with pine nuts, which Pita Jungle has made me a huge fan of. My go-to item on the menu is the Philly chicken pita. Always the same, always satisfying. I have gone to different locations in the valley a bunch of times and never been disappointed.
4	Visiting my sister in Phoenix we went here after 13 hours of sitting in a car and we couldn't have asked for a better decompression meal.      Started with some app's.  Falafel on a big bed of fresh butter lettuce, onions, pickles, olives and tomato.  Tasty, but the falafel's were i little small for the size of the bed of lettuce.  Baba Ghanoush was excellent.  Pure eggplant flavor with a dash of spice for a perfect dish.  But the best was the Spanakopita! Perfect layers of delicately sauteed spinach, crumbled feta and crispy crunchy filo.  The burst of herbaceous flavor and creamy decadent cheese was balanced and delicious.For entrees, I had the Sirloin and Humus.  Decadent diced pieces of sirloin steak pan seared and tossed with pine nut's over humus. DELICIOUS!  The steak was cooked and rested perfectly and was complemented nicely by the earthy tones of the pine nut's and the slightly tangy woody notes of the humus.  My wife had the Broiled Chicken Salad.  Tender juicy chunks of chicken over a huge bed of lettuce, tomatoes and cumbers topped with zesty refreshing lemon vinaigrette.  Everything was fresh, crisp and delicious.As for the personality of the restaurant, our server ( I believe her name was Lauren) was very nice, not pushy but helpful and was really on top her game.  No glasses were ever more than 1/3 empty and used dishes were whisked away within minutes of being placed aside.  The restaurant was a little loud and the tables were a little close, but even those things were vastly overshadowed by the rest of the experience. A great treat and one we hope we'll get to try again.
4	Everything is good.  I put 5 stars on the Tempe location.
5	HUGE fan of the Tempe location from my days at ASU so was psyched to hit up the Scottsdale location when I was in town last week. Still hard to beat the Schwarma lavosh wrap. Would love it if they opened a location in SF. Come on, please?
4	Pita Jungle is great and some locations even have live music!
5	The food at Pita Jungle is always good.  I like the garlic potato dip, the lentil fattoush salad, the Greek chicken salad, and the medchilada.  But everything I've ever had here is tasty and fresh.  I just wish there was one closer to me!
3	Conveniently located across the parking lot from Harkins Shea Cinema. They offer a step up from movie theater pizza for a quick bite before or after a movie. The menu offers nice vegetarian selections. The food is consistently okay. Beyond the hummus sampler it is mediocre vegetarian fare with a Mediterranean influence. The Gelato Spot is strategically located next door.
4	My husband and I were visiting Phoenix/Scottsdale and decided to give this restaurant a try.  We liked it so much, we came back to this location once and the one in Tempe another time.  The food is fresh, there are plenty of alternatives for vegans and non-vegans and the service was solid.  I loved the hummus, babaganoush and the veggie burger!
4	YESSS. I am truly blessed to live across the street from the Pita Jungle. This is one of the few places in Scottsdale with a good selection of non-meats. I'm fairly sure they've imported the attractive hipster waitstaff from Tempe as they look adorably out of place in this neighborhood. My favorite dish is the One Thousand Beans hot pita and I do believe it has nearly ONE THOUSAND BEANS! For about $8 it feeds me for three meals.
5	Every place that serves or sells hummus manages to provide a vastly different taste - some are good, some are very good, and some are not edible.  Pita Jungle manages to consistently create quite good hummus, and they do it with multiple flavors.  I have simple tastes and am a creature of habit so I usually order their hummus and chicken.  Not only is their hummus good, but few places that I have been to create chicken that is as flavorful so it's hard to pass that up when I go to Pita Jungle.  Some other great options are the California Beach Club (I sub the turkey for their fantastic chicken), and pretty much all of their pizzas or lavosh crisps.  And in the same vein, when I go for the lavosh pizza I tend to order their chicken glazed lavosh pizza.  For those of you who didn't notice any pattern, chicken is a solid way to go.
5	Had one of the best servers ever! I wish I got his name. But we were there last Saturday for lunch. He was ON it - I didn't even notice my ice tea was refilled until I went to take a sip and then he even asked if we wanted to-go cups when we were getting ready to leave. He didn't bother us unnecessarily but was always there too...how'd he do that? AWESOME! (He also came running out when my friend left her cc .) The food was DELICIOUS as well. I had the Shwarma - which is a hot pita with roasted chicken and all kinds of other goodness (hehe, I forget - but look it up on their menu). It was a good portion too, no skimping on meat or filling. The chicken was marinated to perfection, tangy and full of flavor. I was delightfully surprised. The pita itself wasn't dry either like I've had at other places. I ate the whole thing and am craving more right now. This location has a nice outdoor seating area as well as a jumble of indoor seating with not much privacy ..but at least the sound doesnt carry too much. We had a baby with us and sat inside, and we were comfortable. Gets busy during the lunch hour - though they said it'd take 15 mins for a table and we only waited maybe 5. I'm already wanting to go back.
5	I wish this place was in California!!! I would eat here often.  The food was delicious!  My husband and I were in Scottsdale staying at my brothers, and wanted to go somewhere healthy...after 3 days of non-stop fried foods, burgers, pizza, well...you get the picture.  My brother said he knew the perfect place, Pita Jungle.We arrived and took a table.  The server was great, the menu was huge, many selections to choose from...it was hard to decide!  My brother got the Chicken Pasta, husband got the Beef Gyro, and I got the Mediterranean Chicken Shawarma Pita.  All were excellent!  Especially mine!  There was SOO much chicken inside, along with hummus and lettuce.  Mmm..I wish I had one now! :)The prices were great too, I think my Pita was something like 6 bucks.  Very reasonable for a great dinner.  I will be eating here again next time we're in Scottsdale.P.S.  Pita Jungle please come to Long Beach!!! :)
3	I would give 3.5 stars if I could.My friend and I tried this place for lunch one day.  The place is modern and has a comfortable feel.  We were seated promptly and started off with Chai Tea Latte which....wasn't really my favorite.  My friend had the Beef Gyro which she really loved.  I honestly did not care for it but Mediterranean food was never my favorite from the beginning so I trust/value my friend's opinion more.  I had the Pesto Pizza with chicken with the recommendation of the waitress.  I thought it was just ok.  The pizza was tiny and had not much flavor.  Again, I thought it was because I'm not used to the Mediterranean food but my friend didn't care for it either.  *Location = close to the stores*Ambiance = very comfortable *Service = a little unreliable.  we were served wrong dishes first and they had to take it back.*Food = not my favorite...as for my friend who is into healthy food, her rating was around 3.5*Price = Ok
4	Healthy. Delicious. Semi-non-chain-like. ;-)I came here with a friend from SF tonight, after seeing another friend (Gene X.'s) stellar review of this place. At first I was a bit reluctant since it was in a strip mall, but after learning that "everything in Phoenix is in a strip mall" from my local friend, I settled in fine. We shared the cilantro jalapeno hummus and each got the Ahi Sesame something salad with pineapple, mangoes & strawberries in it - very yummy. I definitely liked this place, and it was a refreshing find for Phoenix - a city full of chain restaurants and strip malls, but with a few gems such as this one. :)
4	Really good, reasonably-priced, dinner option.I was a little skepitcal (being from out of town) because of the name and the uninspired strip mall that houses it. But my native pho-town guide said it was one of his favorites, and that his career exile in DC had him missing Pita Jungle.The hummus was fantastic - one of the best I've ever eaten, and the accompanying pitas were very good. We all ordered various forms of the chicken shawarma (pita or plate), and they were large portions of chicken, fresh vegetable additions, and delicious sauce. It was a great deal at about $10. I also got the butternut squash soup, which was good, but not amazing.Pretty cheap eats for this part of town, fresh and delicious food, good service, very fast food prep, and a really lovely establishment overall.
2	There is a level of rudeness that we encountered here at Friday lunchtime that takes the biscuit, cake and pita bread. I was with a party from work which had checked in with  No idea what was going through her mind but to openly question if your Q Jumping, go back in to check, then have  my friend go back in to show his licence  just for the privilege of buying   lunch  here? Hey Soup Nazi was a  fictional character not a training video! Hard to enjoy food after such BS.  That being said the server was great, the food came out fast. The food was as good as the Pita Jungle I frequent in Arrowhead  ( with the nice staff :P )  and would easily have made it to 3.5 or 4 stars.
4	Good eats!
4	This is a perfect lunch spot. Prices are great, food is excellent and it's  healthy. Pita Jungle was a regular lunch spot for me when I was working in Scottsdale.
5	I love everything about this place and I eat at a Pita Jungle at least once a week. Here's why I love this place... First, the waitresses are all super cool and edgie. If you're a semi-goth chick with a couple of tattoos, midrif, belly button ring, and hot body, you ought to apply to Pita Jungle and go get me some hummus. Second, the hummus. I get a hummus plate with 1/3 hummus, 1/3 babaganoosh, and 1/3 Tadzhiki (my spelling stinks I'm sure). This is a great appetizer and is fun to share. Third, the prices. This place is a great bargain. Fourth the portions... They're huge! Fifth, the "Garden Veggie Wrap". Okay I love meat. But occasionally my body tells me I need some veggies. When this occurs I go to Pita Jungle and order this beast. It's huge, it's tasty and it's loaded with veggies. I figure I get a week's worth of veggies in one sitting with this baby. Sixth, everything else. I love everything on the menu... the smoothies, the Lavosh Schwarma Wrap, the pizza's, the wine list, and the Seafood Provencal is an amazing portion of seafood for 10 bucks. In closing please excuse my spelling. I ran spell check and apparently my spelling here is so bad even spell check can't help me.
4	Pita Jungle is always consistently good. We have been there quite a few times now, and every time we leave with our bellies full and satisfied. We are big fans of the pita crisp and the quesadilla. The service is usually fast and efficient, and the wait staff is young and funky, which gives the place a hip, local vibe. I would recommend this place most for lunch or a quick dinner on a weeknight, when you want something healthier than the usual fast food type places, but you don't want to go to a 'sit-down' type of place either, (even though pita jungle is sit downish too). Well, hopefully that made sense, but all in all a great place to grub on some good food!
4	My friends and I love going here for lunch. Not sure why, but it 'feels' healthy. Not sure if it is or not, but I'm very stuffed when I leave. The bell pepper hummus is awesome.
4	Good lunch spot, but gets busy during the week around noon hour.
5	This place is always so awesome to go to...The food, art, service-everything, i always feel great leaving this place.  My favorite Items are probably the Red Pepper Hummus (which i add chicken to), the Chicken Shwarma, Veggie Burger and the Shrimp.  Also-they have one of the best Iced Soy Chai Latte's in Town!  Enjoy feeling healthy and happy while eating here-its awesome.
4	Love the Pita Jungles. A huge menu and unlike most places with big menus, their food is really good. Good food at great prices and the portions are ridiculously huge. They are single-handedly contributing to American obesity ;)The cilantro-Jalapeno hummus if incredible, as is the gazpacho. Actually, I have never had anything here I did not like. Everything is fresh and the ambiance is cool and hip. what else can you ask for...
5	Awesome. Just awesome! Great menu, great atmosphere (despite strip mall location), great service and DELICIOUS food. Wonderful selection for vegetarians and non-veggies alike. The name is kind of weird, but trust me, this place is worth a try!
4	I was suprised at how much is on the menu. I was just expecting pita wraps and that is not the case. They have a pasta dish and hummus and all sorts of good stuff. I ordered the hot Philly Steak pita with onions and green peppers  for $6.95. It was so good and i cant wait to go back to get it again.. I always worry about getting philly steak sandwiches cause I love them but some places dont trim the meat real well and you get lots of fat on the meat. Not this place, no fat on this pita. My friend got the California Club cold pita which was $7.95. It was  huge and she had to take half of it home. It came with a side of cucumber sauce. That sauce is delicious. I love this place and cant wait to try some of the other items on the menu. The best part was I left saticfied and perfectly full. We were quick to be seated and the food came out quick as well.
5	I may be new to Yelp, but I have been a huge fan of Pita Jungle for years!   I have dined at many locations including Scottsdale, Phoenix and Tempe locations.  I love the cozy wine bar atmosphere!  My only wish is that there would be a sit down location in Old Town!  I love the hummus, you can order ask for the humus trio - well worth it.  By far my favorite is the Glazed-Chicken Lavosh Pizza!  I get it with extra chicken!  The best!  I am also a huge fan of the Grilled Vegetable Salad.  You can't go wrong with anything on the menu!  I eat in or pick up Pita Jungle at least once a week!  The portions are great and for dine in they have a great wine selection! What can I say Pita you're awesome!
5	We love the Pita Jungle.  What's not to love.  Excellent food, extremely reasonable cost.  Heavy wine pours.  We go every time we are in town!
1	I've been coming to this Pita Jungle off and on for a while, since I work nearby.  I can't figure out why everyone that works there is a jerk.  It seems to be only me - I see other people getting good service with a smile, but I'm always "S"-d on whenever I come here.  Today will be the last time I ever do.  Great food, but the one star is for the unconscionably rude staff.  My bro-in-law and another good friend feel the same way, too, and we're tempted to think it's because we don't look like we belong here, but that's just a shot in the dark.  Once or twice I'd forgive, but EVERY time?  F this place, seriously.
3	Stopped in today for lunch.This place is usually busy because they have good food and friendly service.  I ordered the chicken tikka massala.  It is a large serving and comes with plenty of chicken and rice.  Nice flavors and spices.  Plenty to take home for leftovers.Enjoy the outdoor patio when the weather permits.
5	Pita Jungle is where I learned that I like hummus! I never purchased hummus anywhere before eating there with some friends. My friends ordered it and I loved it. Since then, I've tried hummus many places, but I still feel that Pita Jungle has the best. Their pitas are awesome of course too!
5	Although this joint is by far one of the best restaurants NOT kept secret - I wanted to share my delicious experience with their temporary summer menu, inserted in their regular menu.We ordered the "fried cauliflower" - it has now become a  pregger-status craving (anyone can have these cravings - sans baby!!) they are cooked, creamed with a yogurty sauce and mixed with fried sweet onions and dusted with curry powder, and at $3.99 you have no commitment. Just try it!We also ordered a chopped chicken salad - I have no idea what the name was but it had a great flavor - and the addition of grapes and celery just made you want to take your clothes off and run through the sprinklers. THAT good. Also, I wasn't aware that P. Jungle had a Happy Hour - let alone a REVERSE Happy Hour - which I would probably be more inclined to go to. I think they have $2 beer and $3 house wines - but the HH ends at 530 - a little early. Reverse HH starts at 9pm and offers a ridiculous array of cheap apps - $1 hummus, etc. I O.D.'d on pita jungle awhile back - but I'm back baby!!!!
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Scottsdale, I come here about once a week because it is Delicious and healthy. I bring friends and they all love it when i bring them. Every time I come (which has been once a week for the past two months) I try something new. So far I have no complaints, the food has been terrific. Everyone should start off their appetizer by getting the chicken with hummus (Its the best). So far the best entree I have had is the Lavosh Shwarma Wrap, its just flat out great. Then if your still a little hungry i would recommend a cold watermelon smoothie, BEST smoothie I have ever had. Now the only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because the service is a little slow. It is always crowded every night, and the waiters and waitresses seem to move slow. Its definitely possible for them to be quicker if they tried harder I think. But besides that the restaurant is a grand slam.
3	this really isn't the best pita jungle out there. the food is great, but i rarely get my food the way i order it. servers are kind, but seem overwhelmed during lunch - often we get our food and don't see a server again until we're ready for our check. i can't give them less than 3 stars because i really, really like the food, but i wish it would come to me the way i order it more often.
4	Consistently good. Solid service. Healthy, light eats at an affordable price. Also close to the movie theater.
4	I have heard the Pita Jungle radio commercials for months now and have been wanting to try it. Today I finally did and it really was great. I went in during their lunch rush, OMG it was packed but the "to go" waiter was fast and knew exactly what to recommend.  I had the Mediterranean Roasted Chicken (Shawarma) it was really tasty. The price was not bad so I will definitely return. This is now one of my new favorite lunch spots.
3	I just don't get the Pita Jungle craze. What am I missing? I feel so left out! I've been to Pita Jungle at least 10-15 times because of friends who just *love* it. I've tried dish after dish and nothing has really resonated with me. Everything has been okay, but never spectacular.
5	Consistently a good experience. Amazing hummus, always a variety of new dishes.
4	Pita Jungle, where have you been all my life???....Grabbed lunch with my Medical Director here the other day, kinda nervous cus you know...it's the MEDICAL DIRECTOR. They asked if we wanted inside seating, outside seating or first available. I blurted first available and she said she had a table right away. I think the big guy wanted to sit inside cus it was kinda warm outside.Anyway, I wanted to order the Seared Tuna with Hummas but that was like $10 and his salad was more like $7 so I went with the Hummas with Taboule which was about $7.Taboule is considered a salad I guess, I was sorta expecting lettuce and whatever but it's actually a bunch of chopped cilantro mixed with onions and lime...?  Then it was piled on top of their AMAZING hummas....OMG.... *drools again just thinking about it*Served with 2 good sized pita breads, this was a fantastic lunch for me!  I even had enough left overs for dinner. The Taboule was surprisingly delicious and the hummas was orgasmic.I will definitely come back again!
2	I've decided to boycott this location.Every time I dine in or take out, the food is very different.  Different portions, different tastes, always different...I frequent the Desert Ridge location, so not all is lost :-)
4	When I want to eat kind of healthy this is definitely the place to go.
5	OK, OK, I'm playing favorites, but I want to give props to the Pita Jungle on Shea.  Yes, that's right, props.  They have the same excellent food as the other PJs with servers who are engaging and attentive.  Tiffany was our server today.  Our order came quickly and she never stopped smiling.
4	Now, why haven't I hit them up for their HH before now? $1 humus $2 dolmaldes $3 chicken & pine nuts $3 glasses of wine?! (wow) {and this wine snob actually liked both the white and red, each from Argentina.} kids meal is $5 which includes fruit, drink, and things like pasta, chicken AND broccoli - it was a very big kids meal and extremely healthy. Alot of choices - cuz we all know how picky kids can be! I am defiantly go back to partake of this amazing deal asap - esp now that the weather has broken and time to be outside on their patio!
5	Always fresh, love the specials and the best flavored iced-tea. They ask if you want to take some to go so you have something cool to quench your thirst on those steamy days!
4	Pita Jungle has become a hit on so many levels; after a movie, Happy Hour, reverse HH. Their chicken dishes are absolutely great. But, the real hit is their felafel's. We have also used their catering and it too was superb. We had a group of 75 to feed, we chose the chicken dishes and the group was blow away and we had extra to spare. Enjoy!
5	Incredible mahi mahi hummus special!
4	Inventive dishes, but the portions are too big to justify their motto of 'the art of healthy eating.' The service is average. On a busy night, try to order everything at once otherwise you will be at the table for a long time. Always try a special. They are almost always excellent. The hummus is excellent. We get it everytime, automatically. PJ is a great spot for a date or a casual dinner. Be sure to get your order in promptly, otherwise you'll be at the table for awhile. Drinks are available, but are not set at world-beater prices. Insider tip: try Pita Jungle for breakfast! They make a great egg pita sandwich!!! (Coffee is average, btw)
4	Flipping awesome.The hummus cannot be missed - we had a plate that was split plain and roasted red pepper. The pita bread is bomb.Service was great - they are all very humble and casual (attractive, too) and after describing a dish we had seen there once before but was no longer on the menu, he whipped it up for us no problem. All in all, you are eating light, healthy, filling, and fresh. What's there not to love? Plus there's a Zen Zen fro-yo next door. Done and done.
4	I just realized I have never reviewed this place even though I come here so much. Is the food authentic middle eastern? No, but its still darn good. Love the menu options. I've never had anything here that wasn't delicious... Totally my go to place. Enjoy!
3	Yummy hummus.....
4	I have been wanting to visit this place for awhile now but only knew about the Chandler location (see review)LOCATION: In the same shopping center as Harkin's movie theatre. Convenient for dinner and movie!ATMOSPHERE: It was a Wednesday night and this place was bustling! We had to wait 5 minutes to be seated. Dimly lit. Casual. Nice large patio area. FOOD: Large selection of Mediterranean food which we selected: 1. Chicken wrap (schwarma) - pita wrap with lots of veggies, chicken, and a creamy white garlic sauce, which was very strong but good. The chicken itself didn't seem to have too much flavor but everything together made it A-OK.2. Chicken with hummus - chosen by the native who consistently orders this dish. Comes with hummus topped with some grilled chicken with side of pita bread. Very, very good! Hummus has good flavor without the overwhelming cumin taste. Only complaint is that this dish is essentially veggie free. Out of the 2 selections though this one is better maybe because I'm a hummus lover. SERVICE: A little less attentive than we would like but it was super busy. Otherwise no complaints.PARKING: Private lot in a shopping center/movie theatre complex. No problems finding a space. CONCLUSION: Good food, nice atmosphere. I'm a big fan of Mediterranean food so I would definitely come back!
3	Noisy, but nice. I met a girlfriend here for a lunch so we could catch up. The restaurant is very noisy; just one big room with an open kitchen. Most of the tables are so close together, you can hear other people's conversations. Although, I will say that the couple next to us were having a fascinating conversation about Sarah Palin and the whole "I've got you in my cross-hairs thing" and I was tempted to join in. That said the food is good, healthy, fresh, and plentiful. My friend enjoyed the gyros, big and bursting with meat and crisp vegetables. I had the glazed-chicken lavosh pizza; delicious with honey mustard glazed chicken, cheese, and onions. Just as important, the lavosh pizza was artfully presented and people around me asked me what I'd ordered. Prices are fair and the wait staff is friendly. As I was paying the bill, I asked for a drink refill and the server brought it to me in a to-go cup, nice.
5	Rarely do I give a 5 after just one visit, but my visit to Pita Jungle yesterday deserves it.  I was in a hurry, so needed food to-go.  This is often a dicey predicament.  I walked by on at 1:30pm on a sunny 72 degree day mid-week & the outdoor seating was almost full and the inside tables were packed with servers sprinting around every corner.  I walked to the back, asked for a menu, selected the special - Seared Yellow Fin Ahi burger on 12-grain bread with spicy aioli served with a side of garlic new potatoes for only $7.99!  I sat down, sent a text, Tweeted once - took a sip of my diet pepsi and was surprised to have my food delivered to me.  It was 4 minutes!  Holy cow!  The tuna was perfectly seared and deep pink in the middle and the aioli was tasty but not too spicy.  The bun was fresh and the potatoes were garlicy - but not too strong to prevent me from speaking to dozens of students at ASU a couple hours later.  On my next visit to Phoenix in March, I will return!
5	How can you do better than this for fresh food at a great value in a bohemian asmosphere?  You can't.  The hummus is smooth (and great with chicken), the gyros are stuffed with flavor, and the signature dish is the chicken del sol... Get it in you.
5	Salmon dinner with spinach and mash potatoes are to die for...Salmon is so juicy! I cant bring myself to venture away from it
5	Great food!
5	The hummus with chicken...I wish I still lived in AZ for this reason...I heart Pita Jungle!!!
3	While I loooooove Greek food, I have to say the few times I've been to this Pita Jungle recently, I wasn't impressed.  A few weeks ago I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, usually a full-bodied flavorful meal and it was downright bland!  I came back a week later and ordered the falafel wraps only to find out they gave me one tomato slice (the tiny end piece) and what could be called a "drop" of sauce.  Again....bland!   Not to mention the service was slow.  My mom had to get up twice to remind them of our drink order.  While I know that Pita Jungle has a great reputation and while I will say I have had good food there in the past....recent developments are leading me to believe the contrary.
3	I need to start this off by saying Mediterranean/Middle Eastern/Greek food is the one food I really know best, so I consider myself somewhat an expert on this one.  Well, I ate here today and had the gyros and half order of tabbouleh.  The gyros didn't have enough meat and who added lettuce?  Not enough tzatziki sauce, also.  Must meh.I ordered a half order of tabbouleh--something I make myself and well--and it was a very generous, below average tabbouleh...but they were very generous, anyway, with the portion since I found myself bringing half of my half home.  Still meh.Maybe something else is better in there, because there were tons of people eating there...and I know it ain't the only game in town.Next time I'll try something else and maybe then I will give it more stars, but for the gyros and tabbouleh just meh.However, the host of the place (he could have been an asst. manager) seated me and gave me superior service, so I tipped well.  He was definitely not meh!
5	Ah yes. The good life.Just finally had Pita Jungle for the first time. Read a lot of reviews about it. Friends bragged about it. Did some research online. Then I decided to order my lunch online since I only had an hour for lunch.I ordered the Mediterranean Salad with a side of Mixed Beans.Salad....divine. Golden raisins. I got mine with double chicken. Dressing wasn't necessary. Enough flavor in the vinegar and light oil. I only ate hlf of this thing because it was DAMN huge.The mixed beans were interesting. I thought it would be a small portion. Turns out it was for a family of 14. Ok.....I'm overdoing it a bit. Family of 4. Amazing mix of pinto, lima, northern, etc. Fantastic flavors.I'm coming back. Short review? Yes. But keep in mind, I ordered my food, picked it up, met my friend's parents, ate, and wrote this review all in one hour.Order ahead online for pickup. Best. Place. Ever.
2	I've eaten here a few times just hoping to get something amazing since it has such awesome reviews and it's always busy. The food is good but not great. The service is ok, not great.
5	I would often times pass by this place heading to get a protein shake from One Stop Nutrition which is basically next door.  The food would always smell terrific, and the patio was always bumping.  The wife and I finally decided to check it out on a warm, beautiful Arizona night and thoroughly enjoyed our experience.  Our server was laid back and friendly, the food was healthier than most food  places and the quality was pleasant.  Prices are decent as long as you don't get wine like my wife and I did.  Was really impressed with this place and will be going back.
4	I really enjoy the Jungle.  It is a great place, and the food is almost always spot on.  I took one star off because more than a couple of times,  the service was not the best.  I recommend the lavosh shawarma wrap and greek salad.  Yum!
4	Great healthy place, love eating on the patio. Cilantro hummus with a little squirt of lemon on top is a good healthy snack. I like their chicken pasta salad, although the portion of pasta is a bit gratuitous. Maybe if they added some more flavor to it it would be more edible but once you're done with the chicken the pasta isn't too appetizing. However still a great place to eat once in a while.
4	Met my ma, bro and sis there for lunch the other day. Very crowded and noisy, aside from that the food was awesome as it usually is its been my this has been my fourth time eating there.
5	Amazing food, great alternative for a more "healthy" choice, and awesome happy hour. Best Gyros, best salads, and best ice tea to name a few. All in all, a FAVORITE!
5	Excellent lentils and brown rice :). Highly recommended.
5	Went there for the first time today.  Love this place!  Fresh ingredients, good service.  I had the tuna w/pita bread.  Generous portions.  Took half home for dinner.  Pita Jungle rocks!
4	I've been coming to this location for years. I went to Israel in the summer of 2006 and when I came back to the states I refused to eat hummus because I didn't want to replace the memory of the amazing, authentic hummus I ate in Israel with some crappy hummus that you get in the grocery store. I didn't have hummus for over a year until I discovered Pita Jungle. their hummus (all 3 kinds) is the most authentic that I've found outside of Israel and New York. 2 months ago I brought my roommate who professed to hate hummus to pita jungle. By the end of dinner she was stealing all my hummus.Since the beginning of my interactions with pita jungle there is one thing that I have eaten the most frequently. The Fruit Fantasia (a plate of fruit and cheese) and the hummus starter. I'm going to let you in on a little secret: apples and hummus are delicious together. For the more adventurous people reading this try dipping the banana and the cheeses in to the hummus as well. YUMMMMM!The only reason why I give it a 4 is because they give less fruit and cheese than they used to. It used to be the best deal going because I could make 2 meals out of the platter for something like $8. Now it's $10 for the Fruit fantasia and I only get 1.5 meals out of it. Still worth it though.Bonus points: They have many healthy options for those people who are trying to watch what they eat.
5	Great place for a late dinner.  HUGE salads with wonderfully fresh ingredients, excellent, efficient service, and reasonably priced.  Wish we had one of these in Havasu!
4	Wish I would have known about this place 8 months ago... What a great little spot. Unfortunately, in sort of a dumpy mini-mall is hidden this little gem, great food, great service and very affordable. I had the Falafel Pita and also tried some of my friends Philly Cheese Steak Pita, both were two thumbs up! Healthy, clean kept and a great atmosphere inside the restaurant... I will definitely be heading back here.
2	I'm so sorry to give them 2 stars! But, alas, I had to do it.  This isn't about the service (which is great) or the location (location, location). Their onions penetrate every facet of the menu.  Everything! I just can't stomach it anymore, even after visiting 3-4 times.  some of my friends even work here! Anyway, don't come here if you don't like onions or sitting one foot away from the next table.
5	Order the "Hummus Trio".
3	Let me first say "I love Pita Jungle". I love the food, atmosphere and the locations are convenient for me. They have an amazing happy hour too. My last visit was not my normal experience with them. They were busy and there were about 10 of us however, the server was quite rude. There was one girl in our group that didn't eat because the server gave her attitude and she decided she didn't want anything that the server was going to bring her.  The server also refused to split checks for us even though we told her at the begining we were on seperate tabs. When the bill came most of us were paying with debit cards so it was a little nightmare. Like I said earlier, I have always liked this place, but this visit was not a good one. I'll be back again and hopefully we will never get that same server again.
5	I went there for the first time a week ago. I ordered the Mediterranean Roasted Chicken (Shawarma) pita. It was a huge serving for only $6.50!  It was so big I had to knife and fork it! It was fresh and delicious. The chicken was tender and well seasoned. The veggies were crisp and the perfect combo..the sauce on it was amazing. I went at busy dinner time, the place was pretty packed. The service wasn't the best because it was so busy, but for having 14 people in our party, they didn't do too bad of a job keeping up. Overall, it was a great dining experience. I now see why a lot of the people I've talked to love the place!
5	We always enjoy a good lunch at any Pita Jungle but we liked this one the best because of the lovely terrace and cleanliness of the place.  Some Pita Jungle restaurants are a bit run down but this one is in great shape.  Our waiter was very nice.  The salad with salmon was delicious!
4	How can you go wrong here?! The food is always greats quality. I can make a meal out if the Jalapeno Humus and the Fruit & Cheese plate. Good Happy Hour to sit out on the patio under the misters.  Probably my favorite local business in the Valley
4	The Greek food here is amazing! Service was excellent along with the atmosphere.
4	Fresh tastes - great variety. Loved the mediterranean platter. Lunch time gets busy so get there early or do a late lunch. Great service too.
2	Went out with some friends, please be advise if you plan on sitting outside make sure you have a flashlight as there are no lights outside and it is had to see or even read the menu.  The outside sitting was packed, felt like a sardine.  too many tables way too close to others.  The food was just okay, nothing great - my chicken was way dry along with the pitas which had no taste.  The cucumber saw was good along with the salad.  Had to wait a while for our waitress, not good to go if the place is busy, service not good.  Just okay.
5	Love this place when I'm in the area. I used to get seafood special which they haven't had lately. Now I get mahi-mahi with hummus! Very good!!
1	We had some of the worst service I've ever experienced here at lunch.  It took almost 2 hours, and there were other people who came in after us, ate, and then left before we even got our food.We had to remind our server many times for everything we asked for, and there were no apologies, no communication, and it was maddening.  Why should it take 20 minutes for a hummus plate?  It shouldn't ever take that long to simply spoon it on a plate and serve it.The food was average at best.  The philly cheese pita had chicken and cheese and that was about it... there were literally 3 slices of green pepper and about 5 onions.Finally, we ordered Diet Coke, and they served diet pepsi (without letting us know).  We ordered other drinks and they didn't even remove the diet pepsi from the bill.The only reason I let the quality of food and the diet pepsi on the bill slide was because I knew it would take waaaayyyy too long to wait for a correction.Steam coming out of my ears after that visit!
4	We really like this place and come here often! All the food is healthy and delicious. We have had some amazing side dishes, soups, wraps, lavash pizzas, lemonade, etc! We cannot wait to take our out-of-town family when they visit. Yum!
3	Went here 3 days ago. I normally get the chicken and hummus with the flat bread. However, this time I thought I'd switch it up and get the fish sandwich. Huge Mistake! I'd give the sandwich 0 stars. Honestly I'd rather eat a Filet of fish from Mcdonalds. Don't ever order this crap. Stick to the hummus or whatever else you know will be good.
5	I'm giving these guys the max (5 stars) because I go here at least once a week and the food is always great - at an incredibly reasonable price. The menu is very varied, and just about everything I try is good. The crowd is very different from the typical Scottsdale crowd, and the overall vibe is just right.  I tend to eat late, and it's nice to have a place that is not empty at 9pm. They don't allow smoking on the patio which is another big plus. Even though I gave them 5 stars, there are a couple of issues. 1) the place can be freezing inside - more so in summer, ironically - due to a/c being on way too cold. I've spoken to several waiters/waitresses, they say there is one manager there who insists on keeping the place icy cold inside, summer and winter. I always sit outside in summer, but in winter I do sometimes feel too cold.  2) there is one sub-standard waitress who has a definite 'attitude'.  This is sad because 99% of the staff are absolutely fantastic.  This one lady looks like she really feels the job is beneath her. Thank goodness I've only ever encountered her once in maybe 100 visits.
2	We have been to 4 of their locations (3 in Phoenix & the one in Flagstaff).  The food is great and is usually fast and consistent.  For this review, let's focus on the Scottsdale/Shea location.  They were busy, as usual, but...We waited 8+ minutes for the server to ask if we wanted drinks because she was at the table next to us the entire time talking about her personal life with some customers.  (She grew up in South Africa with her family and I think a twin sister until she was 9 and misses it terribly...)  When we wanted a refill, my husband (after a 15 min wait with no one coming to our table) got up and went to the bartender for refills.  She said she wasn't allowed to (direct quote).  The hummus came out as a large, we asked for a small.  If you have been here before, you know it usually takes 5-8 minutes for hummus.  We waited closer to 20 and then another 15 for our meal of a beef gyro and the spicy chicken wrap.  My beef gyro came out and it was disgusting.  The meat was crusty and dry.  I couldn't eat it even though I was starving.  The server brought the manager over to talk to us.  We should have taken that opportunity to let her in on everything, but we were too hungry and frustrated at this point and potentially not thinking clearly.  She comped the humus (was not necessary, for the record) and my meal  and then disappeared.  Another 20 minutes goes by, my hubby is done eating, we still don't have refills and just want to leave.  We had to get up and go find the manager so she could run our card.  This whole lunch took WAY over an hour and I left hungry and frustrated.  We have been to this location before but never had such poor service.  We probably won't be back to this location.
3	Compared to the Pita Jungle in Tempe, the one here seems to have tastier food.  The hummus was decent, the iced tea very refreshing, and falafel pita great tasting and filling.  The mashed potatoes tasted very freshly made.  Our total with 1 appetizer, 1 side dish, 2 falafel sandwiches, and 1 iced tea was $25 including tax.  Not bad considering the amount of food we got and the fact that it's in Scottsdale.
5	This place serves really great food at very reasonable prices!   We usually end up there around 9 p.m. or later and the place is always hoppin'.  The staff is very accommodating so you have the mixture of good food, good prices and good service - what could be better?
3	Popular casual chain pita spot. 3.5 starsFood: 3.3, Atmosphere: 3.5Cost to worth it rating: 3 (~$8 pita)Return worthiness: yesEve award: best non-dairy garlicky sauceHighlights:- Garlic sauce: obsessed with their version as it's not cream-based. Has garlic, mashed potato, olive oil, and lemon. Simple, refreshing, and delicious--and friendly to the lactose intolerant crowd. Pitas would just be average and boring without it.- Outside patio: love the tall fire tube heaters as they look really cool- Buzzing atmosphere: lively place to go- Portions: huge pitaLowlights:- Babaganoush: always love this dip but they put yogurt in there so couldn't have their version- Tahini: bit too much spice included, I like the traditional pure light brown sesame- Long wait: the hub went to get takeout and order took a half an hour--another guy waited 45 minutes!I'd try it again to get more of that garlic sauce and come for dinner to sit on the patio.
5	SO good!  I don't know the exact names of the the food I had and I don't care.  It was all amazing!  I know I had the portobella burger...Delish.  Awesome hummus.  LOVED the curry chickpea soup.  Fun, healthy kids' meals.  Loved my daughter's shawarma.  I am dreaming about this place and I want one in Chicago.  Period.
5	This is my favorite Pita Jungle.  The service, the food and everything is so much better that the D. Ridge one.  I almost always rather drive further and enjoy my meal.  Today it was a very successful lunch.  The twins ate almost everything on their plates.  They are always great at letting me pick 2 proteins instead of one. I think our server's name was Chris.  He was very nice and efficient. I had the Gambas al Ajo, shrimp on a tomato garlic sauce with some pita with pesto and cheese.  It was delicious.  My hubby wolf down his black bean burger.  He kept raving about the potatoes that were on the side.  We will definitely keep coming back.
5	Pita Jungle is definitely one of my fav restaurants.  I've been here countless times over the years and it is always a great experience.  There truly is not a bad thing on the menu.  Some of my personal favorites are the hummus trio with chicken, turkey pesto lavosh wrap, and the black bean burger.  They def have the best hummus I've ever eaten.  Everything is very reasonably priced and it is an extremely laid back atmosphere with very fast service.  If you go during high times expect to wait, but it is always well worth it.  If you want to try a variety of dishes go during their happy hour and try their $1 or $2 tappas.  You can order a whole bunch!  Never had a bad experience here... I would highly recommend it to anyone.
4	Pita Jungle is great. I always get the chicken and hummus appetizer! It is enough for a meal.
4	Went on a weekday evening and the place was full but not uncomfortable. We had to wait a few minutes for a table because we wanted to sit outside but the wait was reasonable. I'm usually determined to find the least healthy item at places that otherwise would offer some very healthy choices. So I ordered a Philly Cheesesteak pita and wasn't disappointed. Get some hummus before the meal, you won't regret it. The service was very good and the prices were reasonable.
4	Love the Pita Jungle, close to home, great patio, and great food. Service is on point and when it's not they make it right. Great place for lunch or dinner and a fairly extensive menu.
4	Walked in and ordered the Grilled Vegetable Salad with extra green veggies and the gal taking the order was friendly, prompt and my to-go container came out within 10min with a *crap* load of veggies - seriously awesome that they were not meager or stingy with those portions.  The green salad portion was small, but since I got lot of sauteed greens, I was more than full with that.The ambiance is nice inside... I like it much better than the Ray/Dobson ambiance. This place has much more open seating and, like the Ray/Dobson location, a nice outdoor seating area (but in the front).  Actually, as I parked the car, I was thinking this place was going to be packed.. when I walked in, realized the patio was busy because no one was really seated inside - duh, April! the weather is perfect for outdoor dining these days!Food was plentiful and delish, staff was friendly and quick, ambiance was nice yet casual - I'd come back if ever in the neighborhood.
4	The food is aways consistent here. I love the hummus and pita and also the chicken entree. good and friendly service always.
5	Just had lunch here. I have never had a bad experience at Pita Jungle. I love the food and the portions are way generous for their prices. It was super crowded here today but our server worked his buns off and did a great job. It's very kid friendly with a great kids menu. Thanks Pita, I love you :)
4	LOVE the cilantro jalapeno hummus dip with cuke slices.  One of my all-time faves, especially when wanting to eat light.  First time at this address and we sat outside with the cool wind and rain..
3	This place is always beyond packed, even when the doors open.  On this particular visit, I was one of 15 people waiting in line when the doors opened.  I had just come out from a movie, was hungry and wanted the grilled chicken and hummus.  I forgot how pricey it can be $11 for just that one dish, but was pleasantly surprised by the portion size.  I waited about 15 minutes for my pick up order even though I called it in ahead of time and had to wait in line to get in the joint, which was less than awesome.  The service is never amazing, here or any of their locations.  The food is what gives the 3 star rating.
2	This was my 5th visit to a Pita Jungle, usually predictably enjoyable.  Mediocre experience today, at best.  The staff seemed a little discombobulated today.  My wife had the peanut butter/banana smoothie ... How can you go wrong with that.  I had a side of hummus and a felafel wrap, how can you screw up hummus; however, the wrap was not good at all.  The felafel was burned, a good 1/16" of crust, they were literally black! That kind kind of ruined lunch.  Off to Whataburger now.
4	Absolutely wonderful experience last night  It was a bit later on so there was no wait and had GREAT service.  Terrific hummus!
5	I ALWAYS get the vegetable salad!  It is DELICIOUS!!!  I don't know how they do it, but the veggies are SOO tasty!!  I've tried making it at home, but it just never turns out the same!!  YUM!!  They're hummus is really good too!!!
5	So glad Pita Jungle has more than one location - although truth be told, I'll probably come back to this location - 'cause it's right next to Gelato Spot!!  I had the chicken shawarma - perfect.  I always ask for extra garlic sauce - and theirs is outstanding.  My sons had the Kafka burger, and my husband had the Kafka pizza on special.  From the first bite, everyone was sighing with delight!  Fantastic service as well!
3	I don't think I know a single person who hasn't been to Pita Jungle, a health-focused, Greek-influenced restaurant with more than 10 locations in the Valley. It's wonderful for vegans and vegetarians because there are so many animal product-free menu items, and so many meatlovers I've gone with have been crazy about meat-free items, too.I get something different just about every time I go there, and usually end up ordering a feast that requires to-go boxes at the end of the meal. One thing never changes-I always order their iced soy cappucinos, which are so sweet and tasty on their own, no additional sugar is required.When I went to the north Scottsdale location, my pal and I asked for a bunch of different things to sample, and everything was so delicious.For starters, we had the cilantro jalapeno hummus ($5.79). All of their hummus types are great (there's original and red pepper, too), but this is my favorite because it's so flavorful. It has a little kick to it that diners sensitive to heat will be able to handle, and the cilantro makes it extra flavorful.I also ordered a cup of red lentil soup, which was on special. Now, keep in mind, this was a cup-I couldn't believe how generous the portion was.I sort of wish the soup hadn't been as mushy as it was-when I eat lentil soup, I like whole lentils in the broth. But despite the texture, the flavor was so good, I ate it all. It also came with a tasty pita chip to dip in the soup.I told my pal she had to get the garlic smashed potatoes ($3.99), which have always been a favorite of mine. I love that they have the skins in, and they're not too creamy, which I love.She also got a chicken tikka dish, which she said was great. I didn't taste it,  but it sure looked pretty.I ordered another special for my meal, a spinach and cheese quesadilla. It's made with a flatbread instead of the traditional tortilla, which makes it really crispy. Not my favorite type of quesadilla because I'd prefer a tortilla, but it was loaded with veggies and seemed much healthier than just a plain cheese one.I paired it with a special appetizer, fried cauliflower. I'm not a huge fan of the vegetable, but just like the radishes at Caffe Boa, I thought it would be interesting to try, and it was. It was in an interesting spicy sauce and was very filling for just being veggies.The meal left us super-full, and I got two days worth of leftovers when it was all done. There are tons of daily specials to choose from, and the regular menu is huge, so if you're one of the few people who's never been to a Pita Jungle, head there now.
4	Great food and great prices. Sometimes service isn't the best, but can't complain too much.
2	If it was not for the convenient location next to a movie theater, I would surely never eat here. However, since it is the only place serving food at an affordable price for a teenager at the location, you get to hear about their sodium filled sauces, above mediocre service, and bland taste. I have had just about everything vegan on their menu. The rice and lentils are bland and tasteless, their potatoes are drenched in a sodium barbecue-esque sauce, and their veggie burgers are overpriced, too large, and not very tasty. The service is usually alright with an occasional good experience. At happy hour their tapas are usually a good deal, and go nicely with their $2 Margaritas. I recommend them. Otherwise, get in the car after a movie and go somewhere nice.
4	Always have been a fan of Pita Jungle since 2006. I recently revisited on my trip back and I have to say I am still very impressed!!! Their Lentil Fetoosh salad is great! However, their Caribbean Salad is a must have, especially during these summer months!
4	I was recommended Pita Jungle by a friend who loves the place. I thought it was good but not quite as incredible as my buddy does. I'll still give them another try to see if it was just my one dish on that particular day.
1	The worst service of any place I have ever eaten at in Scottsdale
4	Great healthy food, love these guys..menu choice is great, bring back the coconut curry please , please..
2	We have been to this location many times.  When you eat in the portions are fine but when you order out they cut the size of your order and still charge the same.  Last Friday we ate there, ordered the Mahi Mahi with vegetables and the fish portion was a decent size as was the vegetables.  On Sunday, 7-29, we ordered the same meal to go and when we got home the fish portion was half the size of the one when we ate in.  The amount of humus was also decreased.  This is not the first time that has happened so if you are planning on getting and order to go make sure and look at the portions.  They seen to give less for the same price figuring that you wont see that till you get home.
4	Walls decked out in really cool photography, artsy and very friendly wait staff, healthful menu, low prices, large portions and fast service. We need one of these in Miami!Loved the hummus platter. The plate was wiped completely clean after we were done with it, that's how good it was. The falafel salad was great. I love the variety of vegetarian options. I chose the macro platter: brown rice, steamed veggies, sauteed tofu and baked beans. The baked beans were awesome but the rice and veggies were bland. A little liquid amino's would have gone a long way.The only reason Pita Jungle doesn't get 5 stars is the fact they don't serve whole wheat pita bread. That should be a no brainer.
4	I recently wrote a review about Pita Jungle's take out service.  I was contacted withing a couple of days and asked about my review and they also graciously thanked me for my review and information.  I have been in contact with them and they are working to correct the problem.  They did make things right with me and I do thank them very much.  As I informed them, that incident would not stop me from going there just cautious about the take out.  I am very confident that Pita Jungle will correct any problems with take out orders and gladly give then a "I'm a fan" recommendation and will suggest them to others as well.  Thank you for taking care of the problem.
4	I love the atmosphere at Pita Jungle, especially this one.  The prices are very reasonable and the service has been great the past times I have gone.  The cilantro jalapeno hummus is so good!  Ask for the greek pita when you order it.   It is different than the pita that they usually give you.  It is extra soft and goes great with the hummus.   The shawarma is delicious as well.  I am not a fan of pickles so I asked to get it without and it was really yummy.  Portions are pretty big/decent size as well.  Another plus is that we didn't have to wait very long for our food.  I am rating it 4 stars because the happy hour is from 3-530 on the weekdays.  Not the best time frame.  Most people get off around 5 so I don't see how many could be able to go.
4	Heavy, flavorful Greek food. Portions are more than ample for the average person and lots of fresh ingredients.Went at lunch and staff was harried but friendly. Pretty busy with lots of hustle-bustle but they got our party of 6 in surprisingly quickly.
5	I was first introduced to the Pita Jungle in the Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall by a friend. I got the gyro and it was delicious. It's not your typical gyro you would get at a Greek place. It's beef, not lamb, includes a pickle (kind of weird at first but I embrace it now), and not nearly as greasy/messy. It's a much healthier version (I think). I didn't know they had a restaurant location and boy was it a pleasant surprise! The menu at the restaurant is a lot larger than what they offer at the mall. I have had multiple things on the menu. My go-tos are the gyro, roasted chicken pita, and the greek salad (which is huge). All of them are delicious and I could come here again and again. Oh, the hummus is good too but you'll want to order extra tomatoes or cucumbers (for a charge) because they never give you enough. However, with so many great places to try in the area, I'm trying to dine at a new place every time I eat out so I haven't been back in a long time. This might need to change though. Writing this review is making me want Pita Jungle really badly! This location also has an outdoor patio to enjoy when it's not scorching hot. If you still have room for dessert there's Gelato Spot next door. The staff has always been attentive and friendly every time I have been there.
1	Went for lunch this week and did not even eat...dozens of flies caused us to leave...place was full with people who didn't mind flies landing on their food so it must be good...
3	I would give this place a better rating if the service was better. I always get the spinach quesadilla. Only thing ive found that i enjoy. Make sure you get the sauces in a cup on the side and not on the plate or your tortilla will get soggy,
5	Very good, reasonably priced, consistent Mediterranean joint.  We've eaten here dozens of times now, mostly at the Shea location but also Fashion Square and Desert Ridge.  Very good baba, hummus, felafel, pizza, veggie burgers, Mediterranean platter, and lentil salad.  Haven't had a thing I would not order again.  Service is good and consistent.  Another good thing about the Shea location is counter space overlooking the kitchen ... always reassuring when the restaurant is willing to expose its practices to diners, and sometimes interesting to see the cooks at work.
1	Ate here two days in a row, lunch and happy hour, and ordered the same thing both times- ribeye paco with red onions.  BOTH times they were served cold!!  Grease congealed on the plate cold! I ate them anyway, bad decision but they tasted good- not worth being sick the whole next day tho...Too bad because it is a nice place but with bad kitchen issues.
4	Just had a couple drinks & an appetizer but received good service and the snack was good. Decor was nice and atmosphere fine. Nothing to rave about but no real complaints either.
4	The youngest step-son and I stopped in for lunch today and it was very good. He ordered the cheese pita, I tasted it and man it was good!! He loved it too! I had a cold med salad, it was loaded! It was huge! It was good, but a little too overwhelmed with a vinegar flavor. I love vinegar, but I wanted a little more complex flavor in my salad considering it had pine nuts, raisins, etc.  The were very fast, very nice and the price wasn't bad for such a nice, healthy, sit down lunch! I will be back for sure :)
3	Just OK
5	I'll fully admit that I am a regular of this Pita Jungle location. I come here an average of times a week. Usually I meet friends for their awesome Happy Hour and come on the weekend for dinner with my Husband or Family.The servers area always really attentive and helpful. They are great with substitutions and picky orders. When at Happy Hour, I don't really drink the alcoholic beverages, but prefer their Decaf Berry Iced Tea which is delicious. Happy Hour is CHEAP and served Tapas style (I believe it is from 3-5:30 and then Reverse from 9-close). For $6 I can get a full meal.I usually get an array of the following:-Falafel with Tahni (This is always delicous, just the right seasoning and texture)-Hummus Trio (I love their Hummus, flavorful, smooth and just the right consistency. You get about two-three tablespoons per order)-Feta (They give you a block of feta cheese, drizzled with olive oil and topped with chopped cucumbers, onion and tomato, zataar as well. It's delicious)-Baba Ghanoush (REALLY nice and creamy. I don't love egglplant, but I love the subtle smokiness of this dip)-Pita with Thyme and Olive Oil (This is basically a small pizza with olive oil, thyme, tomatoes, feta and kalamata olives. It's perfectlly cooked and always yummy)-Olives (They would probably be a little bit better if they were heated, but they have a great variety).The dips are served with Pita and it is always the perfect consistency. Just soft enough but still with a little chew.All of these items run $1 or $2. It's incredible.I'm a vegetarian, but I know that my friends enjoy the Chicken and Shrimp options. They also have a very fresh looking caprese tapa.For dinners, I've tried a variety of Items, I really like the Mediterranean Platter but it's just too much food for me. I love their cold garlic and tomato green beans that come on this dish but you can also get them as a side dish.I often get an order of Lentils and Rice, Feta Cheese, Small side of hummus, and 2 falafel balls (which come with their rich and awesome Tahini). I mix them all together and made a Mediterranean Burrito Bowl. It's awesome, and I always appreciate that the wait staff is accommodating.Also, their Red Lentil soup is a notable starter. It's really perfectly balanced and flavorful.My husband is easier than me. He enjoys the Chicken Tikka Masala or Chicken Shwarma. He also likes the Mediterranean Chicken Salad. We come with large groups and people always seem to enjoy their meals and order a variety of menu items.They have a great patio which we enjoy sitting on for nice days/nights.For large groups- as far as I know they don't take reservation and sometimes there's a 30-40 minute wait for groups bigger than 4 on a Saturday night. We never really mind waiting though.I love Pita Jungle.
4	I went there yesterday and first of all, this is a very popular place, there were quite a few people in there for a MOnday evening. I had Tabouli Salad and Portobello Burger. Way more food thgan I could eat . The service was excellent. My kind of place!
4	Well all right, all right, all right...You guys are alllll right in my book! Every time I dine at either this location or one of your others, I have an overall great dining experience.BTW, it is ALWAYS packed whenever I eat here - which I think is a great sign. Lots of menu options also for the extreme vegan, vegetarian or straight-up carnivore, like myself. Can't go wrong w/their delightful Gyro. Service is always helpful and attentive. Servers are always smiling and have a "pep in their step".I don't know about you, but I thoroughly enjoy my meal AND am satisfied, but yet walk away with the "healthy and light" fullness that you don't get w/eating junk food. Very nice.
4	A Washington friend and I came here yesterday after a movie and feasted like Kings. Most do not realize that Pita Jungle has a Happy Hour where all their appetizers are $1, $2, $3.00, or about 50% off.  It lasts until 5:30 pm exactly, and then resumes with a Reverse HH at 8:30 pm.  Everything is excellent!  You can also can order off the regular menu as well. My favorite dish continues to be their Falafel on pita sandwich for $5.99. But if you do not like pickles, make sure you ask for it without.  LOL. We also had two of each of the following: their grilled shrimp, Hummus Trio, several individual serving of Falafel balls,  Baba Ghanoush (roasted eggplant), a side of Tzatziki sauce and two glasses of wine. As I said above, everything was excellent.  The bill came to a very fair $37 including taxes, but before tip. I'm still hopeful that someday they'll add a Tahini plater. Now even though our server was wearing a University of Oregon jersey, she did a very nice job, and was very attentive.  So despite our misgivings, we tipped her well.  Go Dawgs!
1	My husband and I went here for a quick lunch this afternoon. Service was OK. Not bad. Not great. We ordered the Spicy Chicken Wrap and a side of grilled veggies to split. The only good thing about the wrap was how big it was. Definitely glad we decided to split!! That's about the only positive thing I can say about the food here. The wrap was flavorless. No spice whatsoever. I also almost broke some teeth on the crunchy uncooked rice. For sure would not order this again. But wait....this is was REALLY bothers me about this place. They claim to be "healthy." The grilled veggies we were served were SWIMMING in oil. So much so that they were uneatable. I decided to look up on my phone the nutritional information for this so called "healthy" side dish and it was an astounding 450 calories and 41 grams of fat!!! For veggies! Not worth it in my book. If I am going to consume 41 grams of fat its not going to be on cauliflower and broccoli. Sorry Pita Jungle. I am not a fan of your bland unhealthy oily food and I won't be back.
5	I love pita jungle. I came here at 8:30pm on a Friday night. There was a small wait but they just ask for your cellphone number and they text message you when your table is ready. This place has such a wide variety of healthy dishes that all taste amazing. I highly recommend the cilantro jalapeno hummus. I ordered the Mediterranean chicken salad for my entree and that thing was gigantic and absolutely delish. They don't drown the salad in dressing so you can actually take it home and eat it the next day!I highly recommend this place if you are looking for a healthy meal!
2	Came in with a massive group of people (18 I believe) and sat outside. The service was fantastic and very nice considering how disorganized our group was. The server himself gets 5 stars. We ordered various apps, wraps, and salads. The food here is huge, but the pita itself is not very fresh, seems store bought.Hummus - Very creamy, and over blended, could have used more garlic and lemon.Baba Ganoosh - Excellent, best thing on the menuChicken wrap - Mediocre at best, nothing to write home aboutChicken salad - Same as the wrap, same chickenOverall the food was quite bland, and needed a lot more fresh herbs, garlic, and spice.
4	Good eats and good service! It's pretty much Greek food with a lot of vegetarian options. Not as good as authentic Greek food I've had, but a nice substitute.
5	I just got to sample your food at The Taste event in Old Scottsdale this weekend and was BLOWN AWAY with how delicious it was!! It was hands down my friend and I's favorite item at the event.I believe it was a pita chip with cilantro hummus and ahi!! Magnificent! Can't wait to come into your restaurant soon. I've always seen it by the movie theater we go to and next time we'll come early just to eat there. Thanks!
2	I went to this Pita J and sat at the bar.  I liked watching all of the cooks bust their butts to get the food out.  But the waiters...yelling at the cooks and not saying please and thank you!  Putting their fingers and hands in and on top of the food that they are going to serve to customers... The money tip goes to the hard working cooks and not the waiters.  Wont be going to this Pita J again...maybe one of the other Pita J's will have a better attitude towards their cooks.
3	I love Pita Jungle but am not a fan of this location. The server my girlfriends and I had was very pretentious. The hummus is one of my favorites and we ordered that with some veggies, and they charged extra for some cucumber slices? Wow. I also tried something new this time, which was the lavosh chicken wrap. The chicken was dry and overcooked. Maybe more garlic sauce would have helped a little? I sure do love that sauce. Almost ordered a side of tzatziki to make it taste better, but the server was no where to be found for about 15 minutes so I just finished my meal otherwise it would have gotten cold. ALSO! We got here at 5:30 for happy hour, but apparently their HH ends at 5:30, not 6:00 like I thought the website said. Each location's HH ends at a different time. Just a heads up.
4	The first time I came here was a few years back and remember that I did not like the food . I recently went back after so long and have to say I had a very nice experience. I dont know if it is a good or bad thing that what I like most in this place is not a pita or a gyro. I love the mahi mahi and the wood fired trout. The green hummus with the mahi mahi is amazing. Both the dishes have the fish so well cooked - melt in your mouth category. Recommended for those two dishes for sure.
4	This place would get 5 stars everytime if they would just add more wait staff. Been in here multiple times and every waitress has too many tables so it takes a while to get service but when they do come around they are friendly and apologetic about the long wait. Food is phenomenal every time but management, please get more staff on each shift!
5	Place is great they have stuff for everyone. I almost always get the gyro but my whole family besides me is vegan and going out to eat w them is a pain in the ass, but this place makes it easy and less of a headache for me. Kudos!
4	Food is always is consistently good, and everything on the menu is healthy.
4	This is a staple and I come here at least twice a week. They would get 5 stars except they always seem to be understaffed. I get to-go orders which is pretty quick, but eating in drives me crazy every time.The food is always excellent and consistent. Very healthy options and probably the best hummus in town. The service is poor, so as long as you're patient it's ok. I'm not sure if the management team even notices or cares because I've been coming here for a long time, and it has never changed.
5	Awesome Tapas Happy Hour!!!
5	The seared tuna with cilantro and jalapeno hummus is to die for! I always try to seat outside (unless is too hot), I found the inside to be too dark. Price is good, service is good, food is good, doesn't get better than that!
4	Yummy food.  Nice staff.  Tasted healthful and delicious.  Great combination!
4	We love this place.  Yes, it is too noisy and uber casual but the food is just yummy.  If you go be sure to get the red lentil soup, the hummus with chicken, salad, or virtually any entree.  They supersize most dinners so be prepared to eat a lot or take a doggy bag home.  Also a great place for vegetarians. Good place for a quick meal before or after a Harikins movie (located in the same shopping center).
4	I have loved Pita Jungle for some time, so this review is overdue. The concept is simple yet creative, HEALTHY food. You won't find anything dripping butter or hunks of fat here. It's a place to see healthy cuisine put on a pedestal, rotated and dressed up incredibly. I have learned from Pita Jungle that the mushroom is an under-appreciated food. They do amazing things with mushrooms! The portabello mushroom "burger" feels as meaty as a beef burger without the fat, cholesterol and the other life-shortening stuff. The thing I find most amazing is that while I order all of these cool veggie dishes there, I always walk away full and it stays with me. I'm happy, alert and don't feel like a swallowed a boat anchor. This Scottsdale location is one of several around the valley but it has become my favorite in a hurry. The staff is very friendly, attentive and service is fast and efficient. Service with a great big smile, great food and you can linger if you want or grab something and get to a movie. Pita Jungle has really converted this meat eater. It's not often one can say this but I think PJ is helping add time to my life with their food but they are also encouraging a lifestyle change for me which I see as a real gift. There are other eateries nearby but I'll stand in line if I have to in order to eat here. It's worth the wait and it's not even a long wait.
2	Guys don't go here on Lunch hour it feels like worse then a costco on saturday. Too crowded, if you have ample time go for it. Food is same as any Pita Jungle corner. Service is messed up, ask for salmon salad or any wood fire its going to take 30 minutes and 30 minutes for waiting in line, i end up eating something that i don't want but will be fast and still wasted 1 hrs 15 minutes. I won't go back
4	Summertime sunset adventures on the patio under the misters.  ;-)  Healthy food, a decent wine & tea selection, and a great spot to hang out and/or eat before a movie at the theater across the lot.  My favorite is the Chicken Hummus appetizer, which is scrumptious and quite filling.  I substitute the pita bread and go for the cucumber slices instead.  A bit eclectic with healthy portions, and easy to converse as the noise level isn't bad.  Highly recommend.
5	Let me just start by saying I love Pita Jungle. I haven't been here in a while but when I make it in its always a good place to have a meal and good service. I was seated and greeted right away. I sat at the bar so it's fair to say that I say right away but there were plenty of seats elsewhere. Needless to say I ordered their grilled chicken and humus dish with some pitas and pine nuts. The chicken is awesome and I love their humus. Having something healthy for any meal is fine with me, and the one thing I noticed about this place is the people. The cooks and wait staff are really on point, and they seem to be enjoying their day. I hear laughter which I like a lot. Now I'm not a business owner or anything but I'm sure that laughter is very much appreciated in the work place. The pace here is fast, but not overbearing. I can't wait to come back for more great food and laughter and appreciation. Thank you Pita Jungle. Keep doing a great job as always!
5	OMG... my review may be tainted as I ate here after being thrown out of that Amy's Baking Company, and even though I was there for over an hour... I cam into Pita Jungle STARVING! Any ways, after having nothing palatable at ABCs, I came here for a meal (see my review on Amys Baking company). The other couple who was involved at ABC was already enjoying their meal (which they should, they had to wait over an hour at ABCs before they were thrown out) I had the Gyro X2 (I love those things) and it was great! I joked with the other couple I saw from ABCs and an employee of Pita Jungle. I learned that Pita Jungle gets a lot of business from ABC, as they are all ways throwing out customers when they complain. And the customers come right to them.My advice to the owner of Pita Jungle, would be to offer a discount to anyone who has been thrown out of ABC. Advertise that in your window! Just to finish this story, as I left Pita Jungle with the other couple, and we crossed the street, we saw the girl that served me she was on the sidewalk just outside the restaurant. Both myself and the couple gave her $20 and advised her to find employment elsewhere. She mentioned that they were going to implement a contract for their wait staff that was ridiculous, and she was looking.As I read the news.... yup they did! YAY Pita Jungle!
4	This place is always good but always packed - at least at this location.  The gyro definitely has  a lot of meat packed into it, and I always order an extra side of tskiti (sp) sauce.  The trio hummus with pita bread is soooo delicious.
5	Yesterday my wife Jenn and I went here for lunch and I kept reassuring her that this place's food is just awesome. I had my traditional chicken with hummus and Jenn had the salmon and garlic mashed potatoes. Now my wife has a tendency to eat kinda fast when she's found the right dish and to say that she vaporized her salmon is putting it mildly! LOL! I couldn't stop laughing at how much she enjoyed her food. For her first time there she was really impressed and I mentioned that it gets better. Their salads are good and she and I will definitely venture out here again. It was busy but we were able to sit immediately and the wait for our food didn't take long (the salmon usually takes about 15-20 minutes). It was cooked perfectly and to see my wife smile was well worth it. When we left we passed by the notorious Amy's Baking Company and just drove by. Although going there would be tempting to see all the drama, its not worth spending money on a place that violates labor laws, serves horrible food and where Gordon Ramsay walked out. Thankfully Pita Jungle is right there in a rather busy complex and we can't wait to go there again soon!
4	I go here a lot and always get great food. I usually get the chicken shawarma or the beef gyro and iced tea. The food is fantastic and the servers are usually prompt. I would recommend to anyone.
4	The food is almost always outstanding!  Very few of the items on the menu can you go wrong with.  Although, if you don't like onions, like me, then be wary of some dishes and make sure you order with no onions.  The service is the only thing lacking at our most regular haunt.
5	I absolutely love this place. We come here several times a month, and can't get enough. Like all Pita Jungles, their menu is excellent with delicious food that fresh and healthy, while not lacking one bit in the flavor department. They have a seasonal 'specials' menu that seems to get shaken up every few weeks, which is great and often some of the tastiest dishes are found on there.This location has an awesome patio that is great most times of the year (the covering and misters make it almost bearable during the hotter months). I've never had bad service at this location. They are often extremely busy, and there can be a moderate wait time both to be seated and served at peak hours, but given the size of the crowd, it's understandable and hasn't been a big enough issue to bother me yet.
4	I saw what other reviewers had to written about service here and I'd have to say that up until last night I'd have tended to agree - but it seems as if management has listened to what was said and waitstaff on the past two occasions we've been there has certainly been more attentive. Our orders were taken fairly promptly upon sitting down (outdoors on the patio; there was a 30 minute wait on a Saturday night for indoor seating at approximately 5:30 pm, prime before-movie time), there was minimal wait for our food, our plates cleared and check presented in timely fashion.Humus appetizer has always been a sure bet for us - perfect light dish for these hot AZ summer months. Their salads are also consistently fresh with the grilled chicken done to perfection; tender and not dried out. Prices are reasonable for the selections and portions. The staff seems to do a good job of keeping the waiting crowd moving as empty tables are cleaned quickly and they're accommodating to hasty requests - I saw the hostess last night agree to move two tables together without hesitation for a large party upon request. On a side note, I got a chuckle out of the tee shirt one of the hostesses was wearing - emblazoned with the phrase "MEOW", perhaps a reference to another establishment at the same strip mall that has gathered some notable press of late and which did not seem to be attracting any of the overflow of patrons who were patiently waiting for tables at Pita Jungle when we left. For service and quality, I can understand why Pita Jungle has established a reputation along Shea for a perfect place for a light, healthy and satisfying meal that's as easy on the budget as it is on the palate.
4	Fresh tasty and healthy! Have been here a couple of times and it was good both times. *Seared ahi tuna salad with mixed greens, pineapple, strawberrys & sesame seeds was delicious and the vinaigrette perfect for the salad. *Hummus 3 ways with warm pita. These come "regular", jalepeno and red bell peppers and are soooooo good. Order it and thank me later! *Gyros (pita filled with lambmeat, lettuce and tzatsiki). Also very good with tender well seasoned meat and nice sauce. Prices are ok and the service level high. Popular spot so be prepared to wait for a table if you arrive on the busy hours.
5	We love, love Pita Jungle. My husband and I took our out of town guest for dinner and they wanted to go back the next night for more. They have a great menu. Everything is fresh and delish! If you have kids they have the greatest kid menu. If you have never tried it, get going it's the best!
3	Their hummus trio is amazing! I have been to several different Pita Jungles and have had similar experiences at all of them. I always love their hummus but am less than impressed with their main dishes. I have had the shawarma before as well as the gyro and both lack flavor. Their smoothies are way too sweet and the flavor tastes less like fruit and more like fruit flavoring. Service is okay but not the greatest. I would go back but only for the hummus.
3	The food at Pita Jungle is usually as good as food gets, but this location fell a little short. In all fairness, they were pretty busy with a Friday late lunch crowd. The waiter took our order pretty quickly, but we were almost done with the hummus (which is my favorite!) appetizer before he ever came with our drinks. We had to ask him again to bring them. I ordered the Greek salad with chicken and short of being overloaded with dressing, it was good. I will get the dressing on the side next time.My friends ordered the mahi mahi  on hummus and the chicken wrap. There was plenty of food, which they enjoyed with enough leftover to take home.Even with very slow service, I would try this location again, because like I said, this is really good food.
5	Pita Jungle is easily my favorite go-to restaurant for casual dinner, take-out, etc.  This location has the cutest atmosphere - big patio, nice layout, great art.Pita Jungle serves the most delicious, healthy food for a great price.  I've tried most things on the menu, and everything I've ordered has been incredibly flavorful and never heavy.  I could eat here every day (my husband limits it to once a week, for the sake of budget and sanity).  The humus is the best in town, in my opinion.  The felafel is excellent, the pita and lavosh sandwiches are generous portions bursting with flavor, the pizzas are wonderful, and the ahi tuna is prepared perfectly.  The side vegetables and potatoes are both amazing, and you can get the veggies steamed, so you can even come here on a diet.  Order anything - I dare you!  The service is generally really good.  Having come here for years, I have had spotty service a few times, generally when the restaurant was really busy or when the server was clearly new.  Just FYI, it's not the norm.
3	We have tried for months to eat here but it  was always too crowded.  Today we got there at 11 am and were able to get a table.  We ate on the patio and were bombarded by scavenger birds.  I ordered a special, artichoke and farfalle salad and my daughter got the black bean burger.  I guess i was expecting great things, especially considering how busy they always are.  My salad was ok, but i've had better at home.  My daughter's burger was ok, but accompanied by big chunks of seasoned potatoes, which didn't seem to go with the burger.  All in all, a disappointment.  My curiosity has been satisfied, but i don't think we'll be back.
4	So good!The perfect dining when you don't want to spend too much money while on vacation. I got the Chicken Shawarma like the waiter recommended and it was great! Definitely a lot more Americanized than your typical Mediterranean restaurants, but I can't complain. The biggest reason why I can't complain? Because their garlic sauce is to die for! Reminds me of the same one I would get back home. That disgustingly stinky, sticks on you for a week, you could probably eat it with a spoon, kind of garlic sauce. Ughhh I could go for some right now. It really makes anything you eat here taste delicious.
5	Favorite med place in the valley!
2	I don't like to review chains normally but this place really pissed me off. Boyfriend and I like eating at the one near our house and a co worker likes eating here often as well so we decided to go for what we thought was a quick lunch.We show up and understandably they are busy...that's fine, we can deal - its lunch time. We sit outside in the sun, which was hot but ok since we are inside all day anyway. Our waitress comes by and doesn't introduce herself or even say hi. She was very monotone and seemed like she was just mad at the day. I know it happens, we all go through those moments or days, but even when I was pissed or tired as a waitress, I was pleasant because I knew this was how I was going to make my money.So she takes our order. I order the turkey sandwich special and my friend orders the chicken with taziki (sp?). Pretty simple stuff. Well we wait....and wait....and wait...and see people get their food who sat down and ordered after us....and we wait some more. She didn't bother to come out and talk to us or give us any info, updates or apologies but only when she checked on another table did she realize that we didn't have our food yet and had gone through two drinks each already. I know things happen, when you're busy things aren't ordered....anyone in the serving business has done it, but its how you handle it after the fact that matters. Never once did we get an apology or anything!When we finally got our food, my "toasted" sandwich was cold and the "hot" potatoes that came with it were cold as well. Unfortunately it was one of those situations where 1. I didn't want to be that customer despite the overwhelming feeling that I should be, and 2. I was too hungry and had waited FAR too long to wait any longer and we needed to get back to work.The couple next to us as well as my friend received dirty glasses with lipstick stains and detergent on them- which again, happens but it just added fuel to the fire. My food was only OK despite knowing that Pita Jungle can serve up way better than what they gave us this time around. I will not go back to this location but will to the one close to my house.
5	I love Pita Jungle. I could eat here everyday, if it was possible. I love their pizzas and salads, but I am all about the cilantro-jalepeno hummus! I am obsessed. Whenever I am in AZ visiting, I make a point to stop by. Bonus: most of their food is healthy!
5	Roasted red pepper hummus with chicken. That's all you need to know!!! Oh and their smoothies are a lovely surprise as well!! LOVE PJ!!!! Been going for 10 years now. LOYAL CUSTOMER FOR LIFE!! :) :) Hands down my favorite restaurant, EVER!!
1	This place is always hit or miss but every time I order hummus the server thumbs up the pitas. His big dirty thumb right on top of all the pita breads. You see the guy coming in and out of the front door a hundred times an hour thats ben touched by every person in the restaurant. Just seems like a good way to cross contaminate the food during flu season... Is it me or does the salad always have slimy greens and crappy tomatoes. Suggestion tell your servers to keep their dirty paws out of my food...
4	Management handled my problem the way all management should handle any restaurant problem. They were quick to respond and it was very clear they want everyone to be happy. Thank you for redeeming yourself on this and I appreciate the extra time you took to email me a few times and learn what happened.Other Pita Jungles and all restaurants should take note on handling these kinds of situations. Thank you!
4	Probably their busiest location. Quality food, but the portion sizes at their original location always seem to be bigger! Stay clear of the one in fashion square mall. Quality just isn't the same. Guess that is to be expected though...
5	I love Pita Jungle! The gyro is my favorite with hummus. The cauliflower is awesome too and any of the hummus on there own is great! They also have really nice and healthy choices for kids too, which is great. All too often healthy restauranta don't always appeal to kids. So great place lunch, dinner or take out! Yummy!
5	This has always been my favorite Pita Jungle.  We've been coming here for almost a decade and it has been pretty much consistently great for all that time.  I love the shawarma wrap, black bean burger, and stuffed grape leaves.While we were eating outside a little bird is snatching sugar packets off table.  But only "Sugar In The Raw", not the fake or white packets.  Quite a discerning little critter :-)
2	I used to get take out from here 2-3 times per month, then a few months ago I felt there was a terrible combination of increased prices and lower quality.  I always thought of Pita Jungle as an inexpensive option, I could grab take out for the two of us for low-$20's, then I realized I was paying $35 +/- and multiple times getting home to find something wrong with our order.  Maybe it's my mentality:  once I'm used to paying a certain amount for a restaurant, that becomes its value, and in my opinion the large increase made the price here beyond their value.
4	Love this place!  Great fast service and yummy pretty healthy food. Great at lunchtime. Large portions, reasonable prices and great service. I'm a fan of Pita Jungle!
5	recently had a late night dinner after a movie at Pita Jungle with a friend.   i must say the food was good as always but the service was beyond expectation.  Our Server Stephen was professional, courteous, friendly, quick, reactive, and personable.  He truly raised the experience quit a bit.  I recommended my friends go check it out and they had the same experience.   Great job Stephen, thank you for making a nice dinner, memorable and fun.
5	Happy Hour at Pita Jungle is the best thing ever. Pitas are great. I'm deeply in love with the restaurant's foods. My boyfriend and I always call the same things whenvee we go there. I love the thyme and olive oil on pita, baba, chicken with pinenuts. The waiters are great, they never write down the order, but never mess it up. Not even a single time when we were there.
5	Great welcome by staff - Demi, Bill and Cat on a busy Saturday night. Thanks demi for a table near two heaters. Mahi Mahi or salmon. Cilantro-jalapeno hummus - definitely.
5	This place is perfect for lunch or dinner. We have had a few company lunches here and I have also gone here with friends.  They give you lots of food and it is always fresh!  The hummus is amazing and be sure to go for happy hour in the evenings as it is great prices on all their appetizers.  Their salads are large as well and will fill you up so be careful :)
3	What you'd expect from a chain Mediterranean (?) restaurant.  It's good, but not authentic or amazing.   Just wish they had a full bar like the one downtown.
3	I went to Pita Jungle for the first time on Saturday Feb. 1st. I had heard some really great things about Pita Jungle and was excited to try it out. I grossly underestimated the popularity of the place though and when I walked up I was surprised to see just how busy the place was. I was with a friend and we were told that a party of 2 had a wait of about 15 minutes. I found the hostess to be a bit short, she was clearly overwhelmed but honestly, that should not affect how she treats people. When we were finally seated I found myself wishing we had sat outside, I felt as though I was sitting on top of the people to my right and left. I felt as though I was intruding on other's meals. The waiter was very nice and knowledgeable about the menu which I found to be incredibly helpful being that this was my first time. I order the Mediterranean Chicken Pita and was very impressed. It was delicious and I thoroughly enjoyed the flavor. My biggest complaint about the whole trip was the wait time to receive our check. We were on a schedule and it took forever for us to receive our check and had to flag someone down to take our payment. I will definitely be returning but I plan on going during a time when it is not as busy and I can enjoy myself a bit more
5	I will be completely honest we only went to Pita Jungle because we were in a rush, knew where it was and another person in our group also from out-of-town who told us he enjoyed it. What a great accidental discovery!! Everything about the place was great. Staff was very friendly, and our server on our first of two visits in one weekend was fabulous. She patiently answered all of our questions and provided various tips about different items on the menu. 3 out of 4 of us had the coconut curry soup --wow wow wow was it good! So good that I had it again on my second visit in one weekend! Between the four of us we order the following items: lentil soup, yellowfin tuna honey sesame salad, spanakopita, wood fire salmon salad, side of cauliflower with caramelized onions, and a portobello & garlic lavash pizza (with added chicken), tabooli salad. Loved the freshness, loved the plentiful portions & of course the flavor explosions! The tabooli needed to have been chopped more & was a bit dry, but other than that it was all great! The honey sesame dressing & the amazing seared yellowfin were complimented by all the fruit. The spanakopita was not traditional in it's shape but who cares it was delicious!  Dessert...oh the rice pudding--YOWZA was it good!! We were in town for a long weekend & we ended up here twice. Learned there are franchise stores in Southern CA so we look forward to seeing if they are close.
5	I stumbled across Pita Jungle for my first ever AZ meal when I was on a house hunting trip 6+ years ago before moving to the Valley.  It is still my favorite and a go-to restaurant where I have never been disappointed with the food.  Lots of healthy options, I like the Chicken Shawarma Pita, the lentil soup, the falafel, and especially the hummus.  After living previously in a place with lots of delicious authentic Middle Eastern food, I have become somewhat of a hummus snob, and this is the only one that compares.  There are of other good looking and healthy choices on the menu, but in keep going back to my faves!
5	My wife and I have been married for 22 years now and we generally find picking a great restaurant that we can both agree on a bit challenging. Pita Jungle is the first place we've ever come back to 3 times within 24 hours!!!  The food here is delicious - pretty healthy - and features a great blend of flavor combinations. My wife loves the salads and I'm into the Pitas, wraps and pizza. Sure wish we had this place in Austin!!!
4	The service is always slow but the food is always good! Fresh, healthy, good portions.
4	Great food and the price is good. It can get a little busy but there is a reason for that. The food is fresh and comes quickly. I can't complain about this place and I have been there many times. Never failed me.
2	As a person who eats vegetarian food at home and out in the world, I had received many recommendations to try Pita Jungle by the time I actually sat down to have a meal at what I imagine Applebee's would be like, if it were based in Beirut.Off to an awkward start from the words "Pita" and "Jungle." What image is that supposed to conjure up exactly? The menu seems to be grounded in Middle Eastern food (Pita) and is simultaneously out-of-the-box, unpredictable, kooky (JUNGLE!). For the three of us who dined here, they missed both of these targets.Pita Jungle has some Middle Eastern basics, even going as far as offering a fettoush salad, which I appreciate. But the food lacked the freshness and lusciousness of real Middle Eastern food. Half a plate of tasteless-but-fresh-looking veggies, without a drop of olive oil, lemon juice or vinegar in sight. For anyone who has traveled to the Middle East, or whose family comes from there and knows home cooked food of these styles, I think you'll be underwhelmed by the flavors of these look-alike dishes.The "jungle" part of this menu is just unappetizing. Looking for Chipotle Chicken Lavosh Pizza? Of course not. No one is. Well, maybe Guy Fieri.If you're looking for no frills, healthy-ish and affordable food I think Pita Jungle is probably a safe and consistent bet, especially in Scottsdale.I'll take my chances with the salad bar at Whole Foods instead. At least they know how and when to use salt.
5	After driving in from Fullerton, California to see the Doyers...what a delightful and delicious lunch we found at the Pita Jungle.  Quality food and service, even birds chirping while i enjoyed my delicious Gyro. Modestly priced and all the ambiance you could mustard up on a sidewalk cafe in a strip mall. I highly recommend it and only wished I had room for dessert!
5	Yet again Pita Jungle comes through. Just killing time and I stopped in to see my favorite Jaclyn at the best hangout in our area. Casual and classy. Remarkable appetizers and great ambiance. A very fun atmosphere with a constant upbeat vibe.We are always pleased to hang out with Jaclyn and her personality and pedigree never cease to make Pita Jungle my new hangout.
3	I've eaten here before a couple years back, and wasn't the biggest fan, but recently couldn't stop thinking about going for lunch. I'm glad I did because the food was amazing, but the service was pretty bad. It was busy, yes, but we're still customers. I ordered the chipotle black bean burger and I'm still thinking about it! It was seriously amazing, and my very first black bean burger! I will return to eat, because I saw a few things at other tables I wanted to try. Let's hope we get a more welcoming greeting, and our server doesn't act like we've interrupted her day.Anyway, the food was awesome! The girl I went to lunch with liked her food, too! So, if you're OK with poor service, but still want delicious food, go ahead and eat here :)
5	I really love Pita Jungle.  There are few places I go to eat where the entire menu is appealing.  This is one of those spots.  It allows you to be healthy or indulgent; the choice is yours.  The awesome thing:  it's all delicious.  I'm a fan of their salads.  They're huge, stockpiled with loads of fresh ingredients.  I love to get a side of falafel and hummus.  Good stuff.This location really stands out because of the service.  Graham helped me when I dropped in for dinner.  He was great:  attentive, witty and fast!  Without a doubt, I'll be back.
5	Pita jungle is one of my favorite restaurants because it's one of only a few restaurants that serve more nutritious foods.  This location is one of my favorite pita jungle locations. I've always had delicious meals here.  The menu is very varied. There's something delicious for everyone. It is not just pitas.  The Gilbert location is also pretty consistent. I would highly recommend pita jungle.
4	We happened to walk past this place after seeing a moive and the aroma got our attention.  I had the salmon and grilled veggies (best thing I ate on the whole trip to AZ) my husband had the gyro (he won't stop taking about it).So yeah we highly suggest everyone try it. We ate outside, very friendly service. Everyone seemed to like working there. Next time we come I'm trying the hummus (heard it was amazing)
3	food was really fresh and nicely prepared I would recommend the red pepper hummus but as far as the schwarma is concerned it was just ok but overall this place isnt too bad somewhere between 3 and 4 but to err on the side of caution 3
4	Pita Jungle is our go-to place for quick service.  The wait is typically short and the staff is usually quite attentive.  The food is always either good or great.  My current favorite dish is the quinoa salad on the specials menu - I get plain hummus with quinoa, kale, and other goodies on top with a side of pitas.  The soups are also amazing and many are vegan!  We've brought many picky out-of-town guests, and everyone is always able to find something they enjoy!  The happy hour is great as well!
1	Worst falafel sandwich ever and I have had plenty. This was was grainy, burnt and had no taste whatsever. They put so much lettuce and some of the worst vegetables known to mankind in this hellhole of sandwich. The pickle had a tale, the onions were from the end of the onion and the lettuce was brown. THIS WAS DISGUSTING. One arrogant staff member gave me an annoying fake smile, she looked like a manager type. This is what happens when you open up up fifty restaurants, you lose the quality, but in this case I'm sure that there was no quality in the first place. It figures that this place is in the same shopping center as Amy's Kitchen. Seven more bucks down the drain.UPDATE: Management was nice enough to contact me and apologize and they also gave me a $25 gift card. I will give them another try. Thanks to Kevin.
5	Fresh food, friendly staff and a nice place.I recommend the hummus and the chicken pitas. This place has something for everyone, from the vegans to the carnivores.An old favorite. We occasionally do take out as well. Can't go wrong here.
4	love this place im visiting from california and I love this place every one is soo nice and fast with serving the food I reccomend everthing and the hummus yummy makes me want to move here lol the food is so fresh and they explain what everything is
5	Great service, Great food, awesome date place.  Outside seating area, great for people watching!
3	I hate doing this, but after Pita Jungle being one of my favorite restaurants in the Valley for years, I think I'm giving up on them. Let me preface this review by saying that I've likely been to this Pita Jungle about 50 times over the course of three years or so.  At one point I was going once a week because it's near my office and has a great selection of vegetarian items. I love the lentil fatoush salad, the cilantro hummus, the soups....and that CAULIFLOWER! But the inconsistency as of late has brought me to this 3-star review today.Today we ordered take-out from the office at 12:40 using their online ordering system. The system told me it would be ready at 1:15 at the latest. I arrived at 1:15 to pick up my 2 items (one of which was tabouleh - come on!) and they weren't ready. I waited another 10 minutes and finally said something to the gal and she went to the kitchen to retrieve my order. No apology, nothing. Just, "Here. Do you need any napkins or utensils?" I got back to the office and couldn't wait to tear into my tabouleh salad, which comes with hummus and pita. What I found was a giant container of hummus with a scoop of tabouleh on top. Really? I thought it was supposed to be the other way around? So I unwrap my COLD pitas (which are usually toasty and warm) and started dipping into my hummus salad. Now I feel gross, because I just basically ate a plate of hummus for lunch.The food and service use to be so consistent, but recently the food is practically a 50/50 gamble. And the service even more so. The manager (I'm guessing since he was the only one in a dress shirt and pants) was behind the counter when I was paying and didn't even make eye contact with me let alone greet me. I've seen him there MANY times and I would have thought he'd recognize me by now.I feel like each time I go i get a different version of my favorite dishes. Lentil fatoush used to be my fave and the last five times I have told myself that the recipe I make it home is better. And it's not $10 when I make it at home. Sorry PJ, but I think I'm breaking up with you. *sigh*
5	Have you ever experienced above and beyond (and completely unexpected) service? That's what we experienced at Pita Jungle on Sunday. Hillary our waitress was probably the most knowledgeable waitress I have ever, EVER been served by. This girl knew the ENTIRE menu top to bottom. We ordered drinks- she had a better suggestion ("do you like IPAs? let me give you a sample of something local we just got in"). We ordered the mussels- she mentioned the shrimp and the scallops as her favorites. Hillary guided us through a wonderful and unexpected dining experience. We will be back just to sit in her section!
4	I love Pita Jungle, and I'm pretty certain it loves me, too.  This location is one of the best with their big patio, and with very necessary misters in the summer months.The selection is expansive, the service very friendly and efficient, and the food is always outstanding.  I like the hummus (like a lot) and falafel, but I most often get the Chicken Combo Platter, or the Broiled Chicken Salad.They have a phenomenal happy hour, M-F 3pm-530pm.  About a dozen items $1-$2.But perhaps the best thing about this location?  Heading next store afterwards for an ice cream...mmmm mmmmm.
4	Great food. The tomato mozzarella basil salad was great. The tomatoes were so juicy. The shrimp appetizer with pesto pita  was awesome. I loved the wood fired grilled chicken breast. So garlic and lemony. Great service and affordable.
3	It breaks my heart to change this from 5 stars to 3...the food here is terrific, but I've gotten terrible service over and over and over again.  The servers are frequently awful, whether we've come in groups or just the two of us.  They're unpleasant and short, they make mistakes, then don't check on the table after the food arrives, so they're too late to correct the problem.  The takeout isn't consistent, either - the last time, they made the wrong food when we were in a hurry, then remade it and left part of it out (so we had to go back in, which made us late), and charged us the wrong amount, to boot.  They reversed the charge and re-charged us the right amount, which still ties up the money.  After five or so bad visits in a row, my husband won't come here anymore, and I don't blame him.  After coming here hundreds of times (I've been the Duchess for ages), I don't know when I'll be back.Why 3 stars (instead of 2 or 1)?  The quality of the food is still excellent, but it's the same as every other Pita Jungle.  I wouldn't come to this location.
4	Pita jungle is a great place for some excellent food at a cheap price. I frequent this restaurant on a weekly basis, and each time I am welcomed with a smile and acknowledged within seconds of arrival regardless of how incredibly busy they are. If you want great food accompanied with great service then pita jungle us a great place for you to try out.
5	This is by far the best location in the valley. The food is consistently fantastic and the staff is always on point. If you're trying to choose between this location and the one on FLW, allow me to save you the trouble. Scottsdale and Shea is where you want to eat...
2	I could not be more sad about my second time to Pita Jungle.  The one in Tucson was great.  This one is ridiculously busy, which isn't a bad thing, I just don't think they are staffed to handle it.  Still waiting for my order I called in well over and hour ago, it's been a half hour wait so far..... And it's only for 4 people!!  I have an appointment that I am now 15 minutes late for and counting.Heard a few of the waitresses complaining  about how busy they are and don't have a hostess.  Slightly unprofessional but no biggie.  I'm sure the food is great!  I'll update maybe when I actually get it! :/I'd suggest a different location, coming on an off time or something.Oh and just a note to the guy who "helped" me.... "Sorry, we're crazy busy" isn't something I want to hear!  I can see that, not my problem!  Next time just tell me you won't be able to get my order done on time on the front end!Update:The food WAS tasty, I'll give them that!  However, they forgot a side of chicken, one dish had two different types of hummus and was only supposed to have one, and one dish which was supposed to have extra chicken didn't. Went back in and Marnie was very friendly and helpful in refunding my money. She was polite, professional, and apologetic. Someone should thank her because she is the only reason I'll give any type of catering from here another shot.
5	My server Shelby was AMAZING! Best service, and amazing food!!!!
1	Terrible!  There are way better restaurants in this area . .  . go try something new!  This place is old, tired and the food is not that good or healthy, (like people think it is) Pretty average. . .
4	My family and I have dined at this Pita Jungle probably more than at any other restaurant in the Phoenix area, so I am overdue in writing a review.  As always the food was terrific.  We especially like the new summer menu items.  The curry soup is terrific and very filling.  Last night I had the salad with quinoa and cilantro hummus, my daughter had the turkey burger and my husband had a dish with shrimp, rice and mango (sorry that I can't remember the menu names).  Everything was great. My husband and daughter split the chocolate baklava with vanilla ice cream dessert.  They said it was very yummy. Pita Jungle's menu has a great variety with something appealing for everyone in your group.I really must give high praise to our waiter Joshua Berk.  He is the most attentive, knowledgeable waiter in the restaurant.  (I am not a relative.)  As mentioned, we have eaten at PJ many times often with friends and he has always been a terrific waiter.  He can rattle off the ingredients in any of the specials or other menu items and offers combos/substitutions without missing a beat or reading from a list.  I thought he must be a manager because he is so adept at his job.  (Again, our party did not include one relative or friend of his).  It's just good to acknowledge one someone does a great job, because people mostly give negative feedback or in the case of the restaurant industry, people just stop showing up.  While I noted that the restaurant is loud, the noise level is just fine on the patio, which I recommend when the misters are working or it is not July or August in Phoenix.
5	Top notch and always fresh. Beat hummus and best spanakopita in town. Amazingly large patio great for the good weather seasons. Awesome craft beer selection. All in all, a very tasty and very healthy way to go. If you do hummus, add grilled chicken or steak, and for a not so healthy twist, add the pita chips. Oh yeah!!
5	This is a staple. The food is always fantastic and fresh. We eat at PIta Jungle at least once a week. It is very affordable, very fresh and fast. Unfortunately, I'm a creature of habit and rotate between three things; chicken and hummus, chipotle chicken flatbread and ahi tuna salad. The humus is amazing, they have multiple options and you can divide them anyway you would like. We generally do half cilantro, half roasted red pepper with spicy chicken on top. Even though it's listed an appetizer, it's a hearty meal. The tuna salad is served rare with a refreshing citrus vinegarette. There are pj's all over the valley, I highly recommend stopping in at lunch time.
1	Our table had 3 botched orders out of 5. The food took 40 minutes, and was not worth coming back for. Service was good-- the kitchen staff is awful.
4	I don't think I've had a dish from pita jungle that I didn't like. I started with a simple gyro and really love the simple flavors that come together to make a delicious pita. I've even ventured over to their salads and specials and really like their micro plate - everything I need, everything delicious all on one plate. This location has a very convenient to go window that makes it ideal to call and pick up an order for lunch.
4	My life is now complete that I have tried the jalapeno cilantro hummus here. Best hummus of my life. Came here twice during my trip and both times the hummus was fantastic and fresh. Tried a wrap and it was good but the second visit my entree was not what I expected at it tasted very similar to Indian  food.
1	Worast services ever... Had to walk away after waiting for 20 mins and 2 complains. Talking to manager was nothing but useless... They do not even care about customer review.
5	I work down the street from this Pita Jungle location and a lot of times people just settle for what's next door from their work just to get by, but that's not the case here. I love their menu and it has so many options to pick from. Friendly for everyone including for those who don't eat meat. This location is very cleaned and customer service rocks! If you choose to dine here you'll leave with a full tummy and a smile on your face :o)A+
5	One of my favorite lunch places. The food is always fresh and healthy. The personal and friendly service is terrific.
5	Not only do I love the reasonably priced delicious food but I adore the staff! Did you ever meet an utterly charming and excellent server who made you feel like royalty? Well, please go over to PJ and make the acquaintance of Tia! You will be as taken with her as I was. I was so bummed - the parking lot was a mess because they were doing the blacktop. I was so annoyed.  But then, Tia smiled and got me a drink. I honestly thought we were friends but she treats everyone with great care and courtesy. My blood pressure returned to normal in a blink of an eye. The Mediterranean salad eas split between me and my friend and then to the movie to see The One I Love. The one I love is Tia. Thank you!! YOU HAVE THE GIFT!
4	I love Pita Jungle, especially this location because it is so convenient for me, the service has always been outstanding, and there is a ton of seating both inside and outside. I also really like that they have recently (well maybe not so recently) started a happy hour tapas menu with food ranging from $1-3 Monday through Friday from 3-5:30pm. My go-to items I order are either the Hummus with Grilled Chicken ($9.50, off the starter section)  or the Glazed Chicken Lavosh Pizza ($10.50) and I always order a regular/tropical iced tea ($3) for my beverage because it's the perfect blend of fruit, black tea, and some other flavor that equals heaven in your mouth. If you are a tea drinker, get it and also ask for an iced tea to-go, it's my favorite iced tea of any restaurant.  Back to the food, the hummus with grilled chicken appetizer is the perfect, maybe a little large, portion for one's own meal. You can choose between having one type of hummus or you can have all three (plain, roasted red pepper, cilantro)  that is topped with diced and shaved chicken and a side of two freshly warmed pitas. On the days I don't care about the calories I am consuming I opt for the glazed-chicken lavosh pizza. The glaze drizzled on top of the chicken and trio of cheese is honey based so you get the perfect combo of salty and sweet with each bite! I always keep coming back for more. I will say that I am bummed that there are certain dishes you can order at one Pita Jungle location that are not offered at others; it is heart-breaking and annoying. I'm talking about you Wood-fired Veggie Lavosh Wrap (off the Specials Menu that comes with roasted potatoes and red pepper hummus) that I can only get at the Tempe location that is nowhere near my house. If this were Christmas, you would be Scrooge! Bah humbug!
1	I went to pita jungle today on shea at lunch and was told that they would not take any more customers because they were too busy.  I was not given a wait time or to go order as an option.  I was just told that no more tables are available today and turned away.  I did not appreciate the customer service I was given.  Should it not be the customers decision to wait if there are long wait times?   I have never had this happen to me before at a restaurant.  I think that pita jungle management should let this GM know that it is never appropriate to turn away customers when the restaurant is busy as it is not good business.
5	We go to this Pita Jungle often, especially if we want to see a movie right next door.  Best waiter is definitely Joshua Berk.  Best entre is not actually on the menu anymore but should be.  It is Spicy Mango Chicken (they do a shrimp version also).  A couple of nights ago, we had the best meal ever there.  Great hummus & creative flavors.  One of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix area but not fancy, just good!
5	If I could eat at 1 restaurant for the rest of my life it would be Pita Jungle. Now I wouldn't say that I'm obsessed with Pita Jungle, but I appreciate the quality and consistency in the food and experience.  I've been eating at Pita Jungle for 15 years and I still have not had a bad experience.  Sometimes the service can be iffy but it's always well intentioned.  One of my favorite restaurants, period. Here are my food go to's...- chicken and hummus (get all 3 flavors)- Mediterranean chicken salad (chicken, parsley, feta, pine nuts, raisins)- Lentil and Fattoush salad - anything from the daily specials list
5	I took two of my girlfriends for one of those "lets grab a bite before the movie" lunches and planned to order my usual hummus and grilled chicken. Instead the waiter started listing the specials which included a lot of terms like "flavor profiles" and "siracha sauce" The three of us were so mesmerized by his descriptions that we abandoned our menus and told him to bring us whatever he wanted. We proceeded to savor the most amazing flavors and gorgeous presentations imaginable and by the end of the meal we were all in a foodie daze. None of us even thought about getting popcorn at the movie! Not sure what is going on in the kitchen a PJ, these days, but I like it. If you keep this up, you may need to start using tablecloths...
4	Always good!
5	I love Pita Jungle!  It's fresh and  ever so yummy!  Stopped in for lunch a few weeks ago and ordered the chicken pita and added avocado and it was HUGE!   I ate every bite.  I can't wait to go back next time in PHX.
4	Redemption.   Tonight during a packed house I got in and ordered a gyro and got it 6 minutes!  The waitress knew I didn't want to wait.  Food is always pretty good. I've eaten here countless times in the past with friends and solo.   This was my 3rd stop by this week hoping to be seated quickly, the first 2 times I waited a few minutes at the desk and no one was there and i walked (bad timing I guess).  Tonight worked out well.  I'll be back.
1	Was excited to get some Pita Jungle. Drove 15 minutes from our house because website said they were open till 10 pm. Pulled in to parking lot at 8:47 pm to find the employees locking doors and closing shop. The door even said 10:30 am to 10 pm. Very disappointing. Mist likely will not be returning.
5	Fairly busy on a Friday afternoon. Its quite large inside and they have a nice outdoor seating area as well. We tried the coconut curry soup (GREAT), chicken chipotle pizza (GREAT), Carmelized cauliflower w/ tahini (Amazing!) service was great and staff friendly. With a beer & late, our bill was under $38! What a deal! If your hungry and in the area, definitely check this spot out. They have items that I've never heard of or seen before and I've eaten out quite a bit across the county! A+
5	This is the only restaurant that my work has used in the past 6 months that has gotten our order 100% correct every single time. Extremely reliable, friendly competent staff, and awesome food. You guys rock so hard! I love that they check every piece of food with the food ticket when doing take-out orders, you guys should teach classes on that! Keep it up, you have a loyal customer out of me.
