5	Stellar dining experience - one of the best.  We dined on the patio in the dead of winter with heat lamps warding away any suspicion that we might be cold or uncomfortable.  It was magical!The decor is chic and tasteful and the open kitchen lends to the exciting atmosphere.  The service was amazing - our waiter did magic tricks and had an awesome French accent.  The sangria was the best I've ever had!  The filet mignon tapas was succulent and tasty and rack of lamb lightly breaded with couscus and lamb demo glaze was phenomenal.  I would pass on the bruschetta, it was average.  The salad we had was fresh...basically, everything was delicious and every aspect of the dining experience was 5 stars!
4	I've had a couple of very different dining experiences here at Ibiza.  My first experience here was horrible - if it weren't for the fact that I wasn't alone, I would swear I must have remembered it wrong.  But, I'll spare you the details and not really let it affect my review, because I think a lot of the problems were due to its being newly opened at the time.  Since then, I had another friend who wanted to give it a try and so I agreed, with a bit of apprehension.  The wine bar is next to Mallorca and owned/operated by the same people.  There is a front dining area, the wine bar itself which is small, a back dining area, and when decent weather prevails, a back patio.  I highly recommend that back patio if you can get it - it has a good vibe to it and is private and cozy.  The staff still gets an attitude that is a bit pretentious, as well as their hosting staff, but other than that, the service is fine.  The tapas itself I feel is slightly overpriced, but decent.  I have also had better tapas in general so that clouds how I feel the pricing is.Pittsburgh lacks for decent wine bars, so in light of that, Ibiza isn't all that bad.  The food and wine list are decent, so definitely worth a try.  I'd really give this place a 3.5 stars.
3	I went to Ibiza for dinner on Friday night. Good service, great heated back patio, overall atmosphere was above average. However, the food was simply middle of the road. I left satisfied, happy that I chose Ibiza for dinner, but not needing to go back. Half of the tapas we ordered were delicious, half were bland. The wine flights had four wines, and heavy pours, but the quality of wine was lacking. I have no major complaints about Ibiza, but there's got to be a better tapas place in Pittsburgh. Go for the atmosphere, a few drinks, and the olives are awesome! If you're looking for a full meal, I'd say your money is better spent elsewhere.
3	Looked like a pretty low key hang out for yuppies on weekends.It was fun to go in a large group because everyone got to order one plate and share. I got to try the sardines, cured meat/olive/cheese plate and sangria. I'd like to go a second time, anyone wanna come with me?
5	A great date place. We were in town last summer and found this place because we're atmosphere freaks and the large window allows drivers-by to see what they're getting. The food was fantastic, the waiter was great, the wines were tasty.We shared a couple of champagne flights with our tapas and we've pledged to return everytime we're in the burgh.A great place for upscale eats on E Carson.
3	This place is run by the fine folks who run Mallorca and is pretty much the polar opposite portion size to Mallorca.  It's located nicely on E. Carson St. and provides for complimentary valet on the weekends,so you don't have to deal with the hell of parking in the S. Side on a Saturday night.  It's right across the street from the Birmingham Bridge and is beautiful inside.  The lighting is awesome with very high ceilings and an upstairs dining room that is perfect for hosting a small private party.  Another great aspect is the private patio in the back, I mean what could be better than drinking sangria, eating foie gras, outside in the city.  The bar is pretty small right across from the open kitchen with some hitops for drinking and sampling.  It's fun having an after dinner drink at the bar.  Mainly because they swear back and forth like sailors in a portugese accent.  Someone should post it on youtube.  I last ate here on Monday night and the place was expectedly pretty empty, except for a few at the bar.  We were seated in a nice location by the window, perfect for people watching.  We ordered a bottle of wine, conondrum I think?  It was overpriced, but still I've seen worse.  Then we began our selection of delicious tapas.  This is the way I love to eat (small plates).  Who wants to have 40 bites of anything, so we started with 4 tapas.  I'd say 2 to 3 each is plenty, by the way it can get very expensive when some of the tapas are $15 each or more.  I ordered Foie Gras, which was overall pretty good, but some of the pieces were overcooked.  I had my friend try it without telling her that it was goose liver.  She liked it until I told her.  We also ordered brie with strawberrrys a bit undercooked should have been more gooey, but the sauce was nice.  We also tried a risotti which was a little too big in my opinion to be called a tapas and they should have made it smaller and charged less.  We tried a piece of filet which was tender and good.  We had a few other things, but I'd had some wine by then so I can't quite remember.  Overall good date place.  Go and sit outside and get adventorous with your ordering.  Try the sangria also.   With a few improvements, could be 4 stars.  It's the only authentic taps place I've found in the burgh.
3	Can't say anything good about this place. Food is mediocre. Service is OK overall, but they messed up our order and failed to clean up the table to make room for more tapas. It also was incredibly loud inside, as it was nearly impossible to converse... and they don't take Discover.EDIT: Had an opportunity to visit this place again, and this time around the expirience was a lot more pleasant. We went on a Monday night and the place was pretty dead, which was exactly what I was hoping for. The waitress was very friendly and we didn't have to wait long for our food or drinks. I still wasn't all that impressed by the food, but it wasn't bad at all... just avarage. All in one it was a nice relaxing dinner. I might come here again... in another year or so.
3	I think I prefer La Casa in Shadyside, but sometimes it's nice to have a change of scenery.Ibiza is hipper (better located, more high-end ambiance, and, yours truly notwithstanding, trendier customers), but its food is not as satisfying as La Casa's. The proportion seemed just a tad off, leaving me feeling hungrier than a meal at La Casa with the same number of dishes. Bottom line: I think I just want a bigger bang for my buck.
2	Excellent service.  Food is mediocre.  On a recent visit with several friends we ordered a large assortment of dishes and were underwhelmed.  The first thing we noticed is that Ibiza would be lost without their squeeze bottle of balsamic reduction.  The brown swirly lines appeared liberally on or under every dish we had whether the dish may benefit from that flavor or not.   This should tell you everything you need to know about the rest of the plates.  The actual food is decent quality, but the execution carries little of craftsmanship or culinary distinction the menu descriptions and prices should warrant.  I'll give the Fish Skewer as an example because it was par for the courses.  This has three very different types of fish with different oil contents requiring different cooking times. On a skewer cooked together, you end up with one cooked appropriately, one overcooked and one undercooked.  End result is not horrible, just mediocre, with a lot of balsamic reduction drizzled over it.   Our meal ended with some forgettable desserts.  One was what may have been a Jell-o mouse topped with what was definitely Redi-Wip.  We loved the Sangria and the atmosphere, but felt the food was overpriced for the quality.
4	things that keep me coming back for more, despite my budget: cheese & cured meat platter.  artichoke fritters.  quail in red wine reduction (served on a bed of delightful crispy potatoey stick-tangles).and biggest draw of all: BEST MARINATED OLIVES. EVER.  hands down.  I don't even LIKE olives.  sometimes I stop here to get an order of olives to go.  they're outstanding.And their sangria might be the best you'll ever have.  dead serious.  pay the high price for that pitcher at least once.  you have to try it.
2	After 2 weeks in Pittsburgh (Relo from Chicago) my wife and I were looking for low-key night out.   The place is actually really nice and has nice ambiance but the food fell way short of expectations.   Simply put..... this place is a JOKE. No need to get into specifics - the food was just pain BAD! The staff was very nice and accommodating and they have a great wine selection.  Problem is  - they try to produce food that is way out of their current cooking staffs league.   The specials of the night sounded awesome when described but here is the real deal.  Spicy shrimp (described as large jumbo shrimp served in a spicy but delicate sauce) was 4 small shrimp served with watered down cocktail sauce and a hint of tabasco.  Seafood shu-mai (special tapas of the night - described as a refreshing cirtus delight) was straight from the freezer , deep-fried and served in a soy sauce/oj mixture.   Calamari (which is usually grilled in garlic/butter/olive oil) was fried and served with some sort of thousand island/olive oil sauce.   Seafood platter - which was the worst attempt at paella I have ever seen, was the most flavorful dish we had but all the seafood was overcooked.   If I wanted fried food - I would have gone to a bar!Please please please.... don't waste your time/money at this place as it falls way short of what they are trying to be.  Go for the wine/drinks and eat elsewhere.
5	Ibiza is by far my absolute favorite resturant in southside of Pittsburgh.  Its a lovely enviroment. You can tell that everyone in the resturant is truly enjoying themselves. Southside is full of crazy college students looking for a lay and some beer, but once you get off the streets of east carson and inside the doors of Ibiza its another world. Your absolutely happy you made it. The food is fantastic especially the hummus and bread they give you before your food comes. My friend and I loved it so much we ordered more. We also had their goat cheese salad, calamari, and the lamb chops. I was so happy I was there enjoying great food and wine I didnt want to leave. Our server was a short lady who was really nice. She took very good care of us. The manager even came over and asked how we were doing. I looked at him and said never been better. The rest of the staff seemed just as lovely. I recommend Ibiza to everyone.
2	This place definitely has an awesome ambiance...very trendy chic. In respect to the food, there was definitely something left to be desired there. I love how a place claims to be tapas...but it is just smaller portions of a regular dish. That is not tapas! True tapas is small portions yes but incredibly tasty and delectable...something that packs a punch! The food here was okay...we tried the risotto, fish, pasta, and the cheese platter (pretty awful), just to mention a few. For me personally, not worth the price. I have had better and cheaper tapas in NYC.
2	It was really just barely okay. The descriptions of the food sound heavenly...chili and lime shrimp, grilled scallops with mango salsa, etc. The presentation is nice. But the flavors were really lacking. The food was definitely overpriced; we got 4 pieces of shrimp for something like $14. Our scallops were undercooked. The servers were very friendly, polite, and attentive. The decor is definitely striking and beautiful. I think I would come back if I were looking for a trendy place to drink. But the food won't get me back in the door, unfortunately.
4	I stopped by here for a solo dinner on a business trip, and I was very pleased with the decision. The service was great, and everyone was very friendly. I ordered the grilled vegetable salad and the ham croquetas. The croquetas were not exactly like the ones I remember in Spain, but they were actually quite close and absolutely delicious.Despite a dump of dressing on the salad (most of which I scraped off and the main reason the review gets a 4 and not a 5), the flavor of the veggies was extremely good.Just a note that both of my dishes had a sweet balsamic sauce with them. I love balsamic flavor so I was digging it, but if you aren't a fan you may want to mention to hold the sauces.
1	I purchased a discount coupon for wine flights from Living Social for this restaurant, knowing we would be on vacation and may like to try out a Pittsburgh Tapas/Wine Bar.  We had a terrible experience using the voucher, which is released via Living Social by the restaurant itself (it's their choice to put out this coupon), for those unfamiliar with Living Social.  The manager on duty on Friday night told the server two different things when we challenged her on the interpretation of the voucher.  We paid $15 for a "Wine Flight for Two," and she tried to say that we had to "choose one under $15 as the free one."  What free one?  Can't she read the coupon they offered?  We paid $15 already to get the voucher!  So it ended up being more expensive to use the voucher.  I would not go here again, based on the fact that they are trying to rip people off.  I'm also filing a complaint with Living Social, because they do a good job providing this service to those who use online coupons.  They don't need restaurants like this giving them a bad name.  As for the flights and food...they were okay.  We had two flights of wine, and some of the wines had been open way too long.  We also had a cheese platter and chocolate mousse.  The mousse was good.  But they didn't even tell you what was on the cheese platter.  For a tapas bar, that is very unusual.  The cheeses were nothing to brag about.Our server (Jacob, also the bartender) was great though!  He apologized and tried his best to resolve the situation.  Unfortunately management wasn't as concerned about guests in her establishment.
4	Awesome tapas restaurant! I came here with my friend while visiting Pittsburgh for a nice dinner on one of my last night there. Being a HUGE fan of tapas, I was excited to try some new dishes that are not offered at my local joints I regularly attend. We came on a Friday night to find the place crazy busy! Good thing I made reservations! We were promptly sat right at our reservation time at a nice table in the front right by the window. Our service was immediate and our waiter was very friendly and accommodating to our questions about the different tapas on the menu. I ended up order the fillet medallions and the seared sea scallops with the mango salsa. My friend had what looked to be the most delicious salad ever sculpted and some other vegetarian fare that she was into. My entrees were both out of this world! The fillets were cooked perfectly and had that melt in your mouth texture that I love! The sea scallops were also great with the mango salsa which surprisingly paired really well! We each ordered a wine flight and split a bottle of wine during dinner! The wine selection was very extensive and the flights were also moderately priced! I would definitely give this place another go the next time I am visiting and craving some delicious tapas!
4	You need to know what to get at Ibiza. We have been impressed with their hot tapas, but no so much with their cold ones. The scallops are always a good choice and so is the grape salad when they have it. We had ried the fried artichoke, which was also very good. The olives have been a mix, sometimes good, sometimes OK. I would stay away from the octopus (I am a big octopus fan, but theirs did not seem fresh). They have a very good wine selection, but some wines do not seem to be in stock, although they are on the menu. Ambience is very nice outside; they have covered outside seating. In the bar area, it can get noisy. Service has always been very good to OK with us. Never had a problem.
2	I was under-impressed.  Stay far away from the calamari which came as a lump of fried mass of chewy something.
4	The best tapas place in Pittsburgh! .
4	I enjoyed a meal here for a birthday get together a few months back, so bare with me if I don't spare ya the details.I thoroughly enjoy small plates since you get an array of different tastes and this place was sure not to let me down.  It has a great ambiance about the place and the patio provides a great intimate eating area (not sure if it's opened in the winter though!).  Some of the plates that stood out to me were the Kobe beef, lamb, and clams.  I'm not quite sure that the combinations are the same as the current menu, but I don't think you'll be disappointed with their ability to mix flavors.  I know I probably tried 5 or 6 different dishes, but unfortunately I didn't Yelp it when it was fresh.  My apologies for that.  It certainly reminds me of some of the trendier places I would frequent in Chicago.  Though I'm not a huge fan in general, the sangria was pretty tasty.  The major downside to this establishment is their short list of quality brews.  If they beefed up their micro-brew selection and let me know, I'd be a repeat offender.Oh, I do remember the valet service being quite strange.  I pulled up to the valet and he more or less pointed me in the direction of a parking spot.  It's not a big deal for if I had a date at the time, it would have been a short walk to the door.  I wasn't charged and my car was safe in the lot until I picked it up later in the night.
1	This was my 2nd trip to Ibiza. It has great decor and we really like tapas, so we decided to try it again. The first time we were VERY disappointed, the waiter was not good and the food was actually bad. So thinking we must have just ordered the wrong things we went back. The waiter this time was excellent. Unfortunately the food still horrible. The best thing about the meal was the free bread. I do not recommend this place at all, it is expensive and the food is not good.
5	Visited Ibiza on Thursday evening using a Groupon.   We called and made a reservation according to the instructions and were greeted on time with a smile.   The service was excellent including explanations and recommendations!  The food was fantastic....we ate every bite and used the abundance of bread to soak up every drop of sauce.   Plates included meat/cheese/olives, shrimp, pork/clams, mushroom bruscetta, spanish tortilla, and  2 glasses of excellent wine.  My only complaint was that while the cheeses were great, no one told me what I was eating.  That would have been a great addition!I was still smiling about the meal Friday afternoon.....I will definately return!
1	It started off with a more-than-20-minute wait even though we had a reservation. After we finally got seated at the "tapas and wine bar," we waited for the waiter to come to the table. Finally he came, but he knew nothing about wine. We asked for a recommendation for a dry, minerally white wine, and after checking with someone else he brought us a sweet oaked chardonnay. Then there was the ceviche we ordered that didn't actually have avocado in it.. If you want generally mediocre food, consistently slow service, and waiters who don't know the wine or food, go to Ibiza. Otherwise, stay away.
1	My husband and I tried Ibiza for the first (and last) time. It's a nice looking space, but that's the last nice thing I have to say about it. We tried 4 tapas total, and found all of them underwhelming in flavor, and, in the case of the fried lamb chops, really bad. We both started with salads. I tried the marinated artichoke salad, and my husband had the grilled veggies. The veggies were probably the least offensive of the plates, as they were simply boring, and the artichokes had a weird flavor that I really could not describe or identify. I don't know what they use for a marinade, or if they open a can, or what, but they tasted bad. I love artichoke hearts, and I didn't even finish them. The salad greens were fine, and I liked the balsamic drizzle, but it appears on most of their plates, and that's not imaginative or interesting cooking by anyone's standards. I also ordered the tilapia ceviche with avocado. The ceviche was underseasoned, with little citrus and not enough salt, and had a weird bitter taste. The avocado was a slice served on the side, and I think they slice it ahead and leave it in a water and acid bath to keep it from browning, which had successfully leached it of any flavor whatsoever. The fried lamb chops were just as bad...an inferior, chewy chop with a bland crust and overly sweet sauce...yuck. When we sat down I ordered an amantillado sherry, and the server was stumped. Seems they don't offer a full line of sherries, so I went with the manzanilla, which I like just fine, but really??? A tapas bar with that limited a sherry offering? Come on, guys, get it together. The owner of this estalishment should bring all of his/her employees to Cafe Iberico in Chicago to learn what a real tapas bar has to offer.
2	I've been here about 3-4 times so far and though the ambiance is cute, the food continues to disappoint. Even with the Restaurant.com coupons, the food seemed orverpriced. The only dishes I've consistently enjoyed are the FREE bread & hummus and baked brie.MEH, I'm over this place.
2	Friday was a day for celebration, so I dragged my coworker out to the Southside to utilize the groupon for Ibiza.It was our first visit, which is saying something since both of us have lived in the burgh for years and love tapas.Anyhow - overall the whole experience was odd, simply put. The food was decent, but nothing that I would write home about or seek out again. And we made the mistake of ordering a dirty martini, which was heartbreaking. It was perhaps the first time, this girl has not finished a dirty. The service was attentive, but we never heard the specials (but heard them offered to other tables) and yet felt like people were hovering too much. Long and short... I am wiling to try it again, but only because I have a few groupons to go. Please, Ibiza, help me like you!
1	Went here with a party of five for my daughter's graduation. Our server did not seem very comfortable with the menu. He did not offer much in the way of ordering suggestions. We started out with both cold and hot tapas. The croquetas were excellent. The scallops were just ok. The tuna tartare was very fishy and did not appear fresh. The fried artichoke tapas was very good. The olives with cheese and serrano ham was tasty.  The spicy shrimp were very fishy, not spicy, and in a poor sauce. I had a chicken in a chorizo tomato sauce entree. The pieces of chorizo were tasty. In the dish which was small, there were three chicken wings and another piece on the bone. A very unimpressive dish. Another chicken entree was said to be dry. .The desserts were very small and not homemade. Overall, the meal was disappointing. Overall, not a great experience. We will not be going back.
4	Went here on a Tuesday night due to Groupon purchase with a party of 4. It was a slow evening but I was still surprised of how the restaurant filled up by the end of our meal. I reserved beforehand and we were brought to our table promptly.The waiter took awhile to get to us but he was very nice. He probably also needed some presentation lessons of the menu but we didn't really care. The atmosphere was lovely too. The party of four ordered:Fresh Grilled Veggie Salad (so-so, sauce was good)Green salad with goat cheese and hazelnut (cheese was good; they just wanted some veggies)Fresh mushroom bruschetta (I expected more from this, it was so-so)Fresh salmon tartar with capers (I'm a big fan of tartar, and this was delicious)Traditional Spanish ham fritters (a big surprised - it was pretty good!)Classic Spanish potato and onion omelet (the sauce that came with it was heavenly)Spanish Sausage with potatoes (this was one of my favorite dishes! I thought it was be just mediocre, but it surprised me in everyway!)Beef shish kabob ala parrilla with onions and peppers (it was okay, only one stick so i wasn't too impressed)Filet mignon medallion with mushroom sauce (DEFINITELY get this! We got it cooked at medium and it was perfect!)and the Chocolate coffee layered cake (contrary to what others said, this was also really good! Not too sweet, it was gone within seconds - loved it!)SO, what I would recommend: salmon tartar, ham fritters, spanish sausage with potatoes, filet mignon, and chocolate coffee layered cake. I would come again if I crave tapas!
2	Coulda shoulda been a better meal...I was there about a month ago and left with literally a bad taste in my mouth (a garlic overload that unfortunately lingered).  I had the Grilled Veggies and Fish Shish Kabob.  The veggies were OK but I was left confused by the large un-grilled (huh?!) slab of tasteless (could not have been local/ripe) tomato. The kabob had potential but of the three pieces of fish one was undercooked (my appetite kinda vanished when I tried it) and all (mystery fish, salmon and swordfish) were placed on top on an excessively garlic sauce.  Lacking a toothbrush, mints and gum were defeated against its Hercules strength.   My date had the Shrimp  with Romescu sauce was OK with it.  Nothing was terrific and some parts fell short of even kinda good...Service was decent but for a quiet week night a little more effort should have been made.  Plus the Host lacked warmth:( Sorry but not worth the effort to try again...too bad...
4	My boyfriend and I had a lovely night here on our 3 yr anniversary. We had reservations, but showed up earlier, and they had no problem seating us. We sat on the patio and it was a wonderful atmosphere! The lighting, fountains and spanish music really set the mood. I love that their bread basket was served with hummus, every restaurant should do that! They had a great wine list and we settled on a Spanish bottle. Worth it to get the bottle instead of paying by the glass. The tapas we got were the smoked salmon and asparagus, the salmon tartar and the mushroom bruschetta. They were all really yummy, but the mushroom bruschetta was my favorite! Marinated-to-perfection portobellos oozing over toasted bread. So delicious. The salmon dishes also were very good. You will definitely fill up on bread here, so watch out! I was so full... My boyfriend also ordered the fried calamari (I don't like calamari) but it came out as a huge portion in a basket, which was odd since everything else was smaller portions and presented delicately. He said it wasn't very good...The waiter was helpful and I would definitely come back!!
2	Overall good wine selection and decent small plates. Some dishes lack proper execution which is a shame cause Ibiza isn't incredibly inventive in their dishes.I was excited to take my boyfriend to Ibiza after a pleasant experience about 2 years ago. We walked in and were warmly greeted and seated on the patio by the hostess. Then the fun began... A waitress with more makeup on than a pageant girl took our wine orders. One minute later another waiter came up to us and asked to take our drink orders. Confused, we informed him that another waitress already took care of us. 30 seconds later we heard the two waiters get in a verbal altercation about the table. After that extremely unprofessional argument , it was a rather awkward dining experience. (They should've offered us a free app, ha) Here is what we tried that evening:Mushroom brushetta - Would be a good dish had it not been over salted. Chorizo catalan con patatas - Fresh and cooked. Very smoky flavor if your into that. Boyfriend was a big fan. It wasn't edible for me but I hate smoky things!Vieras a la parrilla en salsa de mango (Sea Scallops) - YUM! Cooked perfectly and the mango sauce was an interesting and delicious accompaniment Shrimp with romescu sauce - Hard to mess this dish up, we were pleased. Artichoke fritters with fresh garlic and olive oil - Best thing we ate here! delicious don't miss this if you dine here
4	Went here on an anniversary with my bf. Great date place.  Waitstaff was friendly and offered good suggestions.  Best dish I had was the banana peppers stuffed with veal.  Fried calamari lacking....
1	I give credit where credit is due. Ibiza offers unique food options(even though they are over-priced.) The bread and hummus provided appetizer is a nice start, definitely a one-up on traditional bread and butter. I attended a graduation party on their outdoor patio in 2009. In my visits since then, I have been pleased with the service and food selection. All good things must come to an end? I found this saying to be nothing short of the truth, due to my most recent experience at Ibiza. Back in May, I went to Ibiza for an 8pm, Monday(slow night for them) dinner, and had the worst dining experience of my life. Before I go any further...a tid bit of background information of my restaurant experience. Throughout high school and college, I worked as a waitress. That's eight solid years, folks. I worked at upscale restaurants and business clubs, serving the same type of clientele you would see at Ibiza. I know proper restaurant etiquette. That said, my three friends and I were rudely greeted by the host. He gave us that judgemental 'up and down' look like we didn't belong there. (Sidenote: we were all wearing appropriate dresses and heels.) Two of my friends had certificates to redeem. We knew the certificate rules...we couldn't sit together. We politely asked to sit at two, two top tables near each other since the restaurant was EMPTY. Sitting seperate would avoid ripping them off since we would order food and tip separate. I know how important tipping is, ripping them off wasn't even a thought in my mind. The host told us "no, it is against our rules." No further explanation, no apology, nothing. We tried to explain our position and asked why they would sit us across the room from each other in an empty restaurant?! He kept repeating "those are our rules." He promptly left, leaving us to stand up front for 6 minutes (yes, I timed it.) So unprofessional!! The manager finally came to greet us, but he was also extremely rude and told us we could follow their rules or leave. He also did not offer an apology or explanation. My friends and I were baffled and I was ready to leave. My friends convinced me to stay so they could use up their certificates. Two of us sat at the bar and the other two were seated CLEAR across the EMPTY room from us. We didn't share food or any other infringment that would have 'ripped them off.' Ugh, Ibiza....rude rude rude. Restaurants are in business because they please customers. Every waitress job I had, we did EVERYTHING in our power to please the customer. Ibiza, you have failed...miserably. No second chances, no more good reviews.
2	Ibiza sounds great in concept but something just falls short here.  The wine selection is nice and some of the small dishes are solid but the service is lacking and the vibe is a bit average for what it is going for.
2	I had a Groupon to Ibiza and thought we'd try it out.  The Sangria wasn't consistently made and the entrees left a lot to be desired, but the one hot tapas we had was good - veal stuffed hot banana peppers.If we ever go back, it will just be for drinks and tapas.  Not for a full-dinner.
4	Really nice selection of wines and tapas . It can be a little pricey so I usually take my dates to dinner first and then go here for the atmosphere and drinks. Most of the wait staff are knowledgeable and friendly. It's a nice place to take very nice date :)
2	Oh, so sad.I had eaten at Ibiza before - but it had been at least a year or so.  When I friend suggested it for dinner last night (thanks Groupon!) I was excited to return.  I remembered it been a little pricey, but well worth it.  Three of us sat down, for a dinner on the earlier side. We were seated on the patio, ordered drinks and started to dig into the Tapas menu.First off, half the plates were either dirty or extremely worn and scuffed.  The table cloth had spots on it.  (Maybe keeping it outside is hard to keep clean?)Groupon or not - we ordered alot - about 3-4 dishes a person.  Spicy Calamari.  Not spicy, really no flavor at all.  Nicely fried...but it tasted like nothing.  Marinara sauce had some red pepper flakes.  (that doesn't count as spicy)Mussels a la Normand, were ok, nothing to write home about.Ham fritters (they had a different name) - were pretty good - but you can't mess up cheese potato and ham.Tomato & Mozz salad - also pretty good - but there was really little dressing so they did a good job cutting a tomato and slicing mozz and artfully arranging.Blackened Scallops - This one was just bizarre.  Scallops were cooked ok, but slightly overdone. They were dredged in a seasoning and sauteed.  But given the cooking time of scallops - the seasoning on the sides was raw - it was like eating cajun seasoning out of the bottle.  Opposite of yum.We had some other things...all were meh.  Overall, everything lacked flavor.Finally, I thought I'd given them a chance on dessert.  We split a chocolate mouse for the 3 of us - just for a taste.  I swear I had a better chocolate pudding cup with redi-whip when I was in high-school.  COME ON!!It tasted grainy, heavy, and poorly made.   Wildly disappointing.  Business is reflecting this...which is why I'm assuming they just ran the groupon.  But really they just need to up the quality and preparation of the food they are serving. Sigh, they went from pricey & worth it, to over priced and disappointing.  ugh.
2	I am very disappointed to say that I did not enjoy my experience here. I really wanted to love this place but I just did not. It wasn't the food that disappointed me, although it wasn't great, it was everything else. To start off we were the only people in the restaurant when we came in and got seated at a dirty table. Instead of moving us, the host sprayed down the table while we were sitting there. I thought it was a little 'diner-esq'. This didn't bother me too much though because the host was VERY kind and pleasant. Along the lines of cleanliness, I was not impressed. There were flies EVERYWHERE and in fact, were distracting when I was talking to my date as flies landed all over them. I understand that fly traps are not attractive for a restaurant of this caliber, but something needs to be done.The real problem was with with service. I am a server at a Latin restaurant with a very similar price point so I expected the server to be of very high quality. I felt like we were putting the server off and waiting on our table (when there was only one other in the restaurant) was inconvenient. I once had a boss say to me 'Not everyone will love our food, but if nothing else, it is your responsibility to make them feel like you care about them'. I couldn't agree more. I just did not feel like the server cared about us at all. For dinner we split three different Tapas. The chorizo and potatoes, which were GREAT! Great flavor, great presentation, and the perfect amount of spice. I LOVED this dish. We also got the tomato bruschetta, which were good, however a quick sprinkle of mild chess would have brought out the flavor of the balsamic a little more in my opinion. We also got the tilapia ceviche which I think lacked flavor. When it came time to pay our check, I used a groupon that I had purchased. As a server, I understand how groupons can be frustrating, but it was the restaurants decision to sign up so this is not my problem.  The server returned and said my 20 dollar groupon only saved us 12 dollars. I asked if we could speak to a manager and they responded, 'there is no one here that is in charge here right now'......My options were to come back and try again, or accept the 12 dollars. How was there not ONE person there that couldn't solve this problem, or even explain to me why this was the case???Overall- I thought that food was not good enough to justify my experience.
3	Good wine and the food was great.  Cool atmosphere and close to all the Southside action.  I'm not a big tapas type but this spot is a go to and a lot of fun.
4	The food was excellent! Nice tapas plates, nicely presented and in fairly good portions (for tapas).  Service was not the best I have experienced but still good enough.  Atmosphere depends on the day and time.  Sometimes you can be completely alone in the restaurant, which can make it a bit miserable.  In general though the setting is nice. The only disadvantage is that personally I think it is a bit overpriced.
4	I'm surprised by the 3 star average for this great space/atomsphere. 3.5 maybe, but 3 seems low. I've been to Ibiza a couple of times and have typically found it to be pretty good. The tapas options are admittedly overwhelming. Add in the 7 special options for the night that are rattled off by the waitstaff and it becomes increasingly difficult to make up one's mind. One question I have is - where are the bacon wrapped dates? I consider that a tapas standard and my fave "go-to" and they are unfortunately not on the menu, from what I saw at least. I recently sampled the Caprese salad, filet, crab cakes with mango salsa, blackened scallops (holy flavor), artichoke fritters, chorizo with potatos, and creme brulee. The table bread comes with a hummus type of spread, which I find off, but it didn't stop me from shoveling it in before our first course came. The sangria comes in a generous portion and is stronger than she looks. My only disappointment at Ibiza was with myself: I was left pining for the special lamb chop with wasabi, which I hope will be an option next time. I'm not sure if it depends on the night, but when I was there on a Monday, valet was FREE.
4	I did a search for this restaurant as my first review here on Yelp.  I was shocked when I saw the average rating for this restaurant was 3 stars.  That certainly does not coincide with the experience that my wife and I had the night we visited.We made reservations for 6pm that evening and upon arrival we were greeted with a very pleasant hostess that said we could sit at any free table we wanted.  Wasn't expecting that, but I liked it.After a few minutes we received our menus and ordered our drinks, here is where they lost 1/2 a star for me.  The waiter began to spout off about 7 or 8 specials that were extremely involved.  While I like to have a choice when I got out, I do not like to feel like I have to memorize something just to order it.  After he was finished he went off to let us examine the menu.This was my first time at a Tapas restaurant so I was not sure what to expect.  Upon examine the menu I was surprised at the variety that they had available.  They went from a simple plate of meat an cheese to some dishes that seemed as if they had 10+ ingredients to put them together.  We decided that we would sample as much as we could without making ourselves sick.  We started with the meat and cheese plate that was garnished with calamata olives as well as some others that I've never seen before.  The various cheeses, salami and other salt cured meats were delicious.  The pairings that were chosen worked so well together we felt like ordering a second plate, but knowing how much we ordered we decided against it.That plate was followed by a nice Ceviche that was garnished with purple onions and was presented in the traditional tower setting.  I believe this was dressed with a lemon vinaigrette with a dark balsamic glaze.  This was a fantastic following to the meat plate.  It cleansed the palate and prepared us for the next course.Next up we both had an order of the tomato and mozzarella salad.  We should have taken the waiters advice on this one as it was one hell of a portion.  Ordering two of them was certainly a mistake.  Overall the plate was exactly what you would expect it to be.  Nothing really out of the ordinary here.  I would like to sample this dish when tomatoes are in season as the ones we were served were not as ripe as I would have liked, but all in all they went well with the mozzarella which was creamy and delicious.I guess you can call the next two plates our main course.  One was 4 small lamb chops with a wasabi/nut crusting and the other was a plate of blackened scallops.  The lamb plate was cooked perfectly to our order specifications and was juicy and flavorful.  I personally did not prefer this as I don't particularly like the taste of wasabi, but my wife loved everything about it.  The scallops were flipped.  I absolutely loved them and my wife was unsure.  The blackened seasoning was just right.  Not to much and not overly burnt.  They were also cooked to perfection, not overly done like most places. For dessert we ordered a single serving of creme brulee.  This was delicious.  Nice and creamy with a firm but not burnt sugar crusting.  It tasted of vanilla and heavy cream and simply melted as soon as it hit your tongue.  I wish we would have ordered two....To finish off our meal we both had what the waiter called a Spanish coffee.  It was a strong dark roast with some sort of alcohol, not sure what as i didn't ask nor did I care.   The drink was delicious for me as I love the bitterness of black coffee.  My wife is more of a flavored latte type of person, so I offered to drink hers, which she accepted.I forgot to mention why I subtracted the other 1/2 star.  For some odd reason they felt the need to swap waiters half way into our dinner.  This caused some confusion about drink refills amongst other minor details.  I just can't understand why they thought it would be a good idea to do this.  I understand that each waiter should have their sections, but wait until the meal is complete before yo subtract that table from your section.Overall we were both very satisfied and we will be returning to select some other interesting items from the menu.  Not sure when, but we will be back.
1	Review Date: 08/15/2009    My wife and I ate here last night and were really disappointed in the food. It's a nice looking place and the menu and service were ok. The house serves a small baguette and a ramekin of humus. The bread was average and the humus only tasted of garlic. Should have tasted of chickpeas with notes of garlic, it was heavy and cloying.    I ordered the roasted veg salad and the rack of lamb. The veg salad should really have been a tapas, not a large bowl of lettuce with some vegetables in it. The vegetables were bland and underseasoned and the balsamic dressing missed the mark entirely. This should have been a small plate of grilled vegetables redolent with sea salt and pepper and dressed in a fruity Spanish olive oil. We should have been offered fresh ground pepper with our salads, it would have helped them a little. The rack of lamb was 2 chops (not a rack) and they were deep fried. We couldn't taste the lamb under the terrible taste of the deep fryer and mystery batter. The sauce on the plate was bitter and the couscous was entirely forgettable. This dish was almost inedible.    My wife had the artichoke salad. Again, a huge plate of greens with a dozen artichoke hearts that had a terrible aftertaste. We both tried them and couldn't eat them. She followed with the ceviche. I had hoped it would taste of the ocean. Briny and just a little salty with bright acid tones and maybe a little green chili. This was as bland as you can imagine. The textures were good but the dish had very little flavor. I did catch a bitter lime note, we tried salting the dish and it was a little better but entirely forgettable at best.    Another second rate Pittsburgh restaurant. The owners would be served to import some chefs and maybe leave the area to try some better food to see what it tastes like before serving us this terrible excuse for a meal. My wife and I have over 25 years in combined food service experience.
4	I've been to Ibiza several times and have always had a good experience. Most recently, I attended a birthday party for a friend in the upstairs, private room. The service was good, the food was good, the drinks were good. Everything was reasonable priced. The thing that really does the trick for me is the valet. Being a single gal, arriving alone to a restaurant after dark on the southside is sometimes frustrating since I may have to park several blocks away from my final destination. While I am by no means nervous while wondering around the city, I know that it is not the safest thing to do, parking streets away from Carson and having to walk in high heels, carrying a purse, cellphone, and car keys. The valet makes life easier. I don't have to roam around, looking for parking-which is one of the reasons I tend to avoid the Southside all together. The only complaint I have, is the "party room" upstairs. There was a 20 person minimum to get the room, but it is a teeny-tiny room, especially when you consider that we known one another and want to mingle with one another. There was one large table, and several 2 or 4 person tables. It all felt very cramped and the smaller tables were cramped, considering this is the type of place where you order small plates to share with your table. It just all felt tight. I understand that we ended up having more than 20 people there, which made it feel even more tight, but I think a 20 person minimum for such a small room seems a bit ridiculous. That being said, it is nice that they even have a private room for such occasions and we had a great time. Call ahead of time for details on reserving the private room and be careful wearing super high heels if you choose to use the upstairs room...I almost took a spill on the slippery steps-could have been tragic. CLASSY.
3	We went here on a groupon, on a Wednesday evening.  The main restaurant was fairly empty, and a little worn-down.  We were offered a table on the heated, covered patio, but declined because it was pouring down rain and 45 degrees outside.  Some of the dishes lacked subtlety.  I had the Portuguese seafood platter, which was good, but a heavy saffron flavor predominated the dish.  However, the stuffed hot banana peppers with veal in tomato sauce were incredible.  My dinning companion had a salad special with grilled grapes and goat cheese.  Again, this was good, but the grapes were a little over-powering.   Before leaving, we checked out the patio, and then regretted our choice to eat inside.  In order to get to the patio, you walk past the exciting, open kitchen.  Once outside, we found an intimate, surprisingly warm and cozy space (on an otherwise cold and rainy evening), filled with patrons.  I will return, and definitely look forward to the patio experience.
1	we went for tapas on a saturday night, the food was awful, the cheese and meat plate was pre-prepared and so old an cold we hadto chisel the meat off with a fork and the cheese was stained from sausage slices resting on them for who knows how long! the rest got no better just more expensive, both the scallops and lamb we tastless, the calmari was soft and still had the stringy membrane attached, yuck! never going back
4	The food is good but the portions are definitely on the small side of the scale. I got a groupon for it so it wasn't bad at all. I definitely recommend the stuffed hot peppers with veal. It comes in 3 and it's great for sharing. Very tasty. The sauce can't go to waste! Use some bread and dip away :) They had a trout salad that day as well and since I like fish, I got it. It was also pretty yummy. I would definitely come again.
3	I was skeptical to dine here after reading the previous reviews, but it turned out pretty good! I definitely suggest reservations, especially on the weekends. They have an amazing wine list, although I wish there was more of a selection for glasses rather than just bottles. The meat and cheese plate was very filling but a bit on the pricey side for $18! There was a nice selection of different meats and cheeses. The stuffed banana peppers with veal left a little to be desired. The calamari and sea scallops with mango sauce were both delicious! I wish there were more than three scallops per order thought! I could have eaten another order. So all in all, not bad, a bit pricey, but I would go back on another occasion.
5	Excellent food and great service!! Highly recommend the mushroom bruschetta, fish shish kebabs, quail, all excellent. We will definitely go there again.
3	Went to Ibiza with a restaurant.com certificate, wary of the mediocre ratings on Yelp, yet trying to keep an open mind. The decor was comfortable and trendy, service attentive on a fairly busy weekend night. I have to say, these were the largest tapas portions I've ever experienced, AND the only place where the bread plate is constantly refilled. You will walk away full for sure. However, the portions did not really make up for the more or less uninspired flavors and presentation of the food. Everything seems to be dressed with the same two tiny slivers of bell peppers...Here's what we tried: Marinated artichoke salad - BIG bowl of greens, artichokes had a nice kick to itBaked brie special - this was pretty decent, crispy and flaky on the outside, nice accompaniment of candied fruitStuffed banana peppers - mushy and blandSalmon tartar - thought it could have used some more acidity, but was okScallops with mango sauce - also just ok, texture was somewhat lacking and the flavor of the mango sauce wasn't the refreshing match I was hoping forFilet mignon medallion - executed well, was juicy, tender, and medium rare as we had asked for, but again the flavor didn't seem terribly special  Overall it was ok, just didn't get the "wow, delish" reaction I have had at most other tapas restaurants.
4	When I made our reservation, I spoke with the GM and requested a tasting menu with pairings.  He didn't seem to know what I was talking about, but asked me to call back in a couple of days.  When I did, he said that he had spoken with his chef and that we were good to go.We were served six or seven courses, with a glass of wine to match each one.  The food was mostly well made, although the meal seemed a little heavy on the meat.  While it seemed like they weren't used to a request like this, they were ultimately successful and we were very satisfied.The wines were well selected, and the almond liqueur digestif was a nice touch.The service was quite good.  The GM was very interested in us (and the other diners in the room) having a good experience.
4	Had a lovely dinner last Tuesday. Staff was friendly and very attentive. It was half-price select bottles of wine night, so we picked a nice bottle. The manager came over and explained he didn't want to serve that wine, so he picked two (clearly higher end and older) bottles for us to choose. He favored the Portuguese bottle, and after a taste we approved--with flying colors!  we picked four dishes--two specials (crab cakes, a little fried for my taste but had a nice kick; scallops with pomegranate, FANTASTIC; chorizo and potatoes, pretty good; and lamb...amazing. so good.). Both the flan and the chocolate mousse were awesome. Ambiance was very nice. I don't know why they play techno/house music, though.
3	Went here about 2 wks ago and had a healthy selection of tapas.  We had the lamb special, the filet mignon, the ceviche, the calamari, and the quail.  The food wasn't bad but nothing to get excited over.  All in all the only one that left me yearning for more was the lamb special.  They have a very nice atmosphere and attentive staff.  That goes along way with me, but wasn't that impressed with the food so that's why I had to give it a 3.
3	After my first trip to Ibiza, I would have given the restaurant 5-stars, but the second trip definitely changed my mind on this place a lot.  The first time my then-fiance and I went here on a very quiet Saturday night.  It was winter and the restaurant was practically empty.  The waitress was very sweet and helpful and the food was all delicious.  The only issue that I had that time is how pricey the specials were - and we ordered many of them without realizing how much more they were than many of the other items on the menu.  However, that was more our fault I suppose, but the food was very, very good.The second time was a disaster, and it was for my bachelorette party.  I actually chose the restaurant based on the first time I had gone.  Big mistake.  We went on the first Saturday in June, but we didn't have a huge group of people by any means (I think 7 total).  We were seated on the back patio, which is very nice.  However the food took forever.  I'm not exaggerating either - they would bring one plate out at a time, and my mom ate last out of everyone.  I actually felt bad for choosing the place, which is ridiculous!  I received one of my plates first, and the time lapse between me getting my plate and my mom getting hers was over an HOUR.  I couldn't believe it.  The manager claimed that it was because the menu was new... well then I think they need to plan better!  It was a disgusting amount of time, and the food was not as good as I remember (probably because I was so angry).  My mom had to seek out the manager to complain, but then he kept coming over to us and trying to give us shots (seriously that was the last thing I wanted).  He kept asking what he could do to make it better.  The obvious answer is to deduct some money from the bill, which he ultimately did, but why did he need to keep asking us?  I don't feel comfortable telling you how to make me happy (which at that point, all I wanted was to get out of there and go have some fun).  Besides the company, my bachelorette party dinner was miserable.
3	My last experience was a tapas place was nearly 12 years ago - small, expensive plates, with slow service.  I haven't been inclined to try it again.As a result, I wasn't expecting too much heading to Ibiza, but I was pleasantly surprised with the food.  As I pre-gamed the menu selections, I was annoyed that the prices were rather high.  Honestly, a $16 tapas plate in the 'burgh is rather extravagant - and when I compare that price to Ken Oringer's Toro, that restaurant offers foie gras or lobster tail for the same price.The quantity of food, though, was very generous.  Of course, you then wonder if you really doing tapas when you can't finish your plate.  But, hey, this is America, man, where bigger is better, and the more the merrier.  We only had 4 dishes - Mussels, Chorizo, Artichoke Fritters, and a cheese plate - but they were more than enough.  The mussels were in a lemon-juice broth, which wasn't as flavorful or rich as those at Park Bruges, but the mussels were big and juicy.  The chorizo was a large plate, and when you combined the saltiness of the chorizo, the sweetness of the raisins, and the crunch of the pine nuts and spinach, each bite was a burst of flavor.I thought service was very good and attentive, although we did eat a bit earlier.  While our server was okay, another table behind us had a waitress who gave great detail and explanation of the dishes.  When you're trying tapas for the first time, you really hope for some guidance, especially with such a large variety of dishes.I actually think that this place would be great for a date - granted your date is willing to try new and different foods.  If not, perhaps that's your hint to move on!  Who wants to date a square?
1	Nice decor, poor service and the food is over-priced and poorly executed. We were here with a party of 5 and nothing was exceptional. One tapas dish was really fishy. A few not bad. Main dishes were skimpy with no attention to quality and presentation. I do not recommend Ibiza at all. A waste of money.
1	Overpriced. Was blaring crap 90's trash-pop. Fruit flies everywhere. Some of the dishes were aiighhht but at tapas prices you expect perfection. Menu is too big.Next.
4	Good variety of tapas but a little bit more expensive than other tapas places I've been. Would go back though. The hot banana peppers stuffed with veal were way too hot.
2	It was okay.  Not impressed.  Had a scallops tapas and it was not fully cooked.  Won't be back anytime soon.  LOVE Mallorca though!
3	I wish I could rave about a place like this because the idea of a tapas bar in Pittsburgh is a great concept but the execution is not stellar.I went with my boyfriend after receiving a Groupon for $25 worth of food; we were excited to try something new and different. We ordered a bottle of wine which was delightful as on Tuesdays bottles of wine not on the Captain's List at half-off (though this bottle of wine would later cause issues with the use of a Groupon). We ordered four dishes since we were starving and were expecting tapas sized dishes. The orders were large and were hit and miss. The filet was exceptional. The meat and cheese platter was great and was enough for both of us and some to bring home. We order ceviche and it was ok, less pepper would have been nice. I love calamari but this was not worth the order and we wish we got something else.The service was great: the staff was knowledgable and make sure that we always had a full glass of soda and water and anything we needed. One issue did come up when we tried to redeem the Groupon. We ordered alcohol and Groupon could not be used towards the purchase or alcohol. While we understood this, we ordered well over $25 dollars worth of food almost 3 times that amount so why couldn't it be used towards the food purchase. While this was cleared up, it was confusing as they didn't seem to understand how it worked though they place themselves on the website.I would go back as now I know what not to order and how large the portions are.
2	The food was very overpriced, especially for a tapas bar. The sardines were not very good, and difficult to pick through all the bones. Also, I'd like to see more vegetarian options on the menu.
3	How can a wine bar serve their wine in obsolete wine glasses. I guess if you're going to call yourself a wine bar you must have the proper glassware. The glass ware was cheap and cheap glassware ruins the wine.Ok onto the food... I had beef carpaccio, this dish was very very good. I would go back and eat it again. I just wanted a snack before my movie so that is all I got. The place was very busy and seemed to be trendy.I could see this place as a good date place.
3	When I arrived here for a friend's birthday dinner, I really liked the location and atmosphere. We were seated in the outside deck. The decor and ambiance of the restaurant was nice! However the food was par. Nothing special about it. The calamari was over seasoned. My duck entree was tooo salty. The only thing I really liked was the sangria. I would go back just to have drinks.
1	Overpriced, mediocre, lack of attention to detail and quality. Would not recommend. Don't waste your money.
2	The food was good, however I don't appreciate shady establishments and will not be going back.  There are plenty of places that are honest and treat customers better.  There was a discrepency on our bill (I won't go into too many details) but they tried to "up charge" us on two menu items thinking we wouldn't catch it but we did.  This seems to be a common practice because there was actually an item listed as "up charge" on the itemized bill.  Bush league.
1	There is a reason this place always has groupons.It lures in unsuspecting patrons with them. Because, once you go, you will never, ever go back. Horrible food. Slow service. Overpriced. The food is mostly frozen and then thawed. Taste just like the frozen appetizers from the grocery store! The spicy potatoes are nothing more than potatoes with Frank's Red Hots. The scallops were obviously frozen and then over cooked and drowned in soy sauce. Mmm chewy soy saucey pieces....This is not tapas. This is not "European" or "Ethnic." This is crap. Total and complete crap with an expensive price tag. And why doesn't yelp have "tacky and outdated" in their ambiance category?
4	I have been here a handful of times now, and with the exception of one time, my experiences have been good. During the bad visit, the scallops were sandy, which can really ruin a meal, but they handled it very well, immediately replacing the dish with another and comping some of the dishes. I don't blame the restaurant for this mistake, since I have had the scallops many times in the past and until then, they were consistently good, and Ibiza handled the situation very well.The staff is relatively knowledgeable about the menu and can provide great recommendations. I definitely prefer the hot tapas over the cold, and I don't think you can go wrong when ordering from the Tapas Calientes menu. The meatballs are fantastic, along with the risotto and (usually) the scallops. The wine list is also pretty good - all of which can be purchased as flights.I recently moved just a block away from here, so I will be back often!
5	This is our top rated place to go! A great hotspot with vibrant crowd and good food. This place is great for vegetarians and the sangria is IMHO the best in Pitt. The marinated olives and mushroom bruschetta are excellent. If you long for some spice and flavor, try the patatas bravas! Don't forget to grab the regular groupon offers for this place. Also, the experience gets better with a prior reservation!
1	Terrible!  I do not understand why this place is ever crowded.  *The food is wayyyyy over priced for what it was.  *The silverware was dirty. *The napkin smelled like a dirty restaurant kitchen. *We were sat on the second floor, next to all their "decorative" liquor & champagne bottles- which were dusty and looked sticky. *The mussels just tasted bad.  Super rubbery & fishy. *Also ordered the raw kobe beef, which honestly was good, but for $18- you expect to get more than 4 slices- thinner than lunch meat. We used a groupon, even after using that, the bill was way too high. Thank god primanti brothers is a few blocks away, since you walk out of there with a nearly $100 bill and starving!!! Ibiza sucks!
3	Having been to Spain a couple times I have a special place in my heart for Tapas, and overall Ibiza wasn't bad, but didn't meet my high expectations. First off, the bread they serve was great! I wanted to steal a loaf or two on my way out, but unfortunately the bread was arguably the best thing we ate all night. We had a variety of tapas, olives, bruscetta, tortilla de patatas, calamari, mushrooms, patatas bravas, scallops + shrimp to name a few. All pleasant enough, but nothing was outstanding. My favorite was the tortilla de patatas, a must have in my opinion, and a dish I remember seeing everywhere in Spain. If I do go back I'll be having this for sure. Ambiance was nice, and our server(s) were excellent, but probably because we were dropping so much dinero on our dinner. I think the price was a bit high for the food we were served.Overall Ibiza is Good, not Great, and not a bargain, but if you do go don't just get one dish, order a variety of tapas and you just may find something you love!
4	My friend Valerie and I tend to bring out the food-snob in each other. Personally, I was just excited for my upcoming trip to Barcelona but she's also a self professed foodie who doesn't mind spending the money if it means we're going to eat well. It didn't hurt that I had a $25 off $50 coupon restaurant.com coupon either ;)Because we have the weirdest schedules we ended up at Ibiza at 4:10, ten minutes after it had opened. We were the only ones and consequently, our server was really attentive and spent his time outlining the specials for us. I think he was a foodie too...the way he described everything made me want to order one of everything!The menu itself doesn't wax as persuasive but again our server was more than happy to recommend the lamb chops in a sweet teriyaki, covered in crushed wasabi peas. Feeling hungry, we focused on meat dishes and also ordered grilled sea scallops in a pomegranate sauce, salmon carpaccio, and towards the end, chorizo with spinach, raisins, and pine nuts. I don't know if i'd order the carpaccio again. It was super small but at least it was sprinkled with lots of capers that popped freshly in your mouth. Next came the lamb...i couldn't stop dipping into the sauce! It was also hard to decide how we were going to split the portion since the plate was presented with 3 chops. This happened with the scallops too...3 large, glistening scallops grilled nicely. My only comment would be that I would not have known it was a pomegranate sauce if the menu hadn't listed it as such. We were still hungry at this point and Valerie for some reason had NEVER HAD CHORIZO BEFORE. Ibiza's chorizo was cut in sausage slices- not the ground meat I was expecting. The spinach was cooked down into soft leaves of green atop pine nuts and sweet raisins that almost got me to overlook how oily the chorizo was. I guess that's to be expected but at the same time, it's not the most appetizing thing to see when your plate is coated neon orange. I would definitely come back. It's nice when you're able to stop yourself from overeating as I sometimes, regrettably find myself doing. I am definitely looking forward to tapas in Spain! My recommendation would be to come in a group of 3. (Maybe with the girls for wine!) Most of the dishes seemed to be served in triplets.
4	I was skeptical at first about this restaurant, because I heard that it was overly expensive for the sizes portions.  However, after taking a leap of faith, I decided to see what this restaurant had to offer and I was pleasantly surprised by the menu.  True,  the dishes are a little more on the pricey side, but if you are looking for a wonderful classy dining experience, Ibiza is definitely a place you need to try.  My favorite dish were the Tuna Wontons, which were absolutely delicious and served in a healthy sized portion. I would say that the quality of food at Ibiza definitely justifies the price and makes it a four star restaurant.
2	I finally came here to try the place my parents swear by - they love it and come here for date night constantly. Well, I say they can keep it - but I certainly won't be coming back.From the beginning this place failed to impress. While the decor in their covered up courtyard - a water wall and fancy tubes with fire inside of them - was interesting enough, I quickly lost interest in it when my attention went to picking food and drink for the evening.Unfortunately, in my humble opinion anyway, the menu setup is terrible here. The menu has a wine list in the back, but if you want to know about cocktails or drink specials - or special dishes - you have to pay attention to the board on the wall when you walk in. I'm sorry, but, when I go somewhere, I want everything in the menu in front of me so I can sit and relax instead of bothering my busy waiter - not to mention, I like having the ability to compare things via text descriptions and I never remember anything a waiter tells me. That's just how my mind works.And now for the kicker: you get your tapas dishes as the food is made. I bring this up as a warning: don't expect your simple salad to come out before your friend's scallops if the cooks don't get to your salad order first. My family all ordered fish-based dishes while I stuck with a tomato salad. The salad was the last item to come out. While waiting for it I nibbled on my bruschetta - but I found out after beginning to eat the bruschetta that beneath the piles of tomatoes and basil, my bread was burned. So disappointing.In case you couldn't tell already, I was not impressed by my lackluster experience here and I have no intention of returning to this confusing mess of a restaurant. I'll stick to the other tapas places that I've been to and actually enjoyed.
4	Purchased a groupon for this restaurant as a cheaper means to try some place new. Our server was friendly and quite helpful, considering the menu can be quite overwhelming. She suggested for us to start with a salad, which was delicious, balsamic dressing with infused grapes, goat cheese and walnuts...YUMMY! Ordered two cold tapas and two hot. Definitely recommend the hot over the cold. The artichokes and crab cakes were devine. I guess the only real disappointment was that the waitress kept pushing the wine flights as buy one get one half off, but when the check came we were charged full price for both. She was mistaken on the day which in return was the wrong special. Felt that the restaurant should have eaten the cost, but since I had a groupon I didn't raise a big fuss. Fun date spot and will go again now that we have a better understanding of the place.
5	I recently hosted a bridal shower at Ibiza and couldn't be happier with the experience. We were set-up in the back covered patio space. It was beautiful and very comfortable for all 50 guests in attendance.  We had a variety of great entree options and everyone loved their meals. Hosting an event at Ibiza is truly a great value for the space, quality of food, great service and ambiance. I would definitely come back here for dinner or another event. Excellent experience!
3	Portion sizes are really big for tapas.  We weren't aware of the size, and after we ordered the waiter didn't let us know it was too much.  We ordered a bunch of plates and liked half of them.   Wine bottles were 1/2 off, so that was a bonus.  These are some of the things we ordered.Atun espegado service sobre wonton chips.  Spicy tuna over wonton. The sauce was really good.  The tuna was ok, not great.  We had the meat and cheese appetizer. It was really good.  A bunch of different meats and cheeses and they were all tasty.  We had a scallop and shrimp skewer. The seafood was overcooked. We had a potato dish that was supposed to be traditional but it was potatoes cooked in Tabasco.  Not great, unless your a fan of Tabasco.Overall the experience was ok.  The staff was really friendly.  I really enjoy tapas, and this just didn't quite give me what I had expected.
3	For the most part we had a good experience. Portions are big if you are only sharing between two people. We ordered 5 plates but 4 would have been enough. With drinks it can get a little pricey, about $90-100 for two.Fresh tomato and basil bruschetta -  GreatStuffed hot banana peppers with veal - GoodSpicy garlic shrimp - GreatSpinach and Chorizo with Raisins and Pine Nuts - Great Four cheese lobster ravioli - Horrible (for $17 it should at least have some flavor)Will I go again? Yes, but will not be my first choice as a place to spend 100bucks in.
5	A girls night began as a joint celebration for a divorce and birthday, who knew it would also be a celebration of tastes. Add to the delish food our knowledgeable and attentive, yet not pushy, service by Wendy and our night was complete.  Tuna and scallops were beyond expectations. You cannot go wrong with Ibiza!
2	Pros: Food is good.Cons: Food is expensive for portion sizes. Service is slow. Got the duck prosciutto salad and eggplant rollatine hot tapas plate. Salad was a decent size, eggplant was 3 very small round slices. It didn't seem to make any sense at all that the price difference on these 2 plates was only $1. I could live with the price of the salad, but that eggplant shouldn't be any more than $8. Left hungry. Even with a LivingSocial/Groupon/etc. I don't really think it's worth it. Glad I tried it though. I still have a few vouchers so I'll go back and try other items to see if my experience is any better.
3	Nothing special, good service and food, was not very full for a weekend at 830 pm and expected the atmosphere to be better.  Plenty of unique options that you cannot get else where in Pittsburgh.
3	Went here on a Saturday night with a group of 4 others. We had a reservation, and were seated promptly in the enclosed patio, with my back right up against a tower heater! But truth be told, it felt awfully good after the visit from the Polar Vortex we just experienced.There were no empty tables, and the bar seemed to be hopping, so they must be doing something right.Though I had been to Mallorca several times, which I'd always been luke warm to, I had never experienced their sister, next-door restaurant, and was game when someone suggested it. With a group, we figured it be fun to go with the tapas. And choosing from the menu WAS fun. For the most part we stuck with the Tapas Calentas, or hot tapas, and shared everything. Each of us chose an item for the first round, and then another for the follow-up round. The grilled sardines with onions and peppers was quite good, reminding me to a lesser degree of those served in Lisbon. Since I'm watching my carbo intake, I avoided the mini crab cakes with blood orange, caramel and honey and the artichoke fritters with fresh garlic and olive oil. One of the nightly specials with shrimp in a chili lime sauce - good, but nothing special, which seemed to be the evening's theme. The fresh Prince Island black mussels in a provencal sauce was adequately sized for sharing, and were tender enough, but the sauce was somewhat nondescript. Sliced chorizo links were pleasantly spiced and oily as to be expected. My favorite of the night was a scallop dish, although as I'm looking at the menu I don't remember it being au gratin or with shrimp on a shish kabob. What struck a cord with me was how well they were heated, just enough to hold them together and heat them, but not enough so they chew like pea coat buttons. So rare in restaurants these days. The stuffed hot banana peppers with veal in tomato sauce were also good but, again, nothing to remember. The lone venture to the Tapas Frias (cold) side, we selected the Kobe beef tenderloin carpaccio in olive oil, which was quite tasty.Though nothing was awful, and the service was perfectly acceptable, nothing stood out. I'd be back if I was meeting friends again, probably the best way to go to experience the most variety, but I wouldn't go out of my way for that "must have" dish that didn't occur.
4	Great wine selection. Tapas menu was what I used to order. Very extensive. Heavy on seafood. Light on beef.
4	I have been going to Ibiza for years now. Service has always been fantastic. Food has always been fantastic. Ibiza specializes in tapas dishes. They have a wide variety of dishes of different meats, fish, and non-meat. Very large wine list. My only complaint is a dinner can get very expensive quick as you add multiple plates and drinks. They also participate in Restaurant.com and deal websites frequently. Restaurant.com is the best deal. Make sure to get a voucher first before dining. Some of my favorite plates are:- Bacon Wrapped Scallops - Spinach and Chorizo with Raisins and pine nuts- Seared Tuna- Stuffed Hot Banana Peppers With Veal- Filet mignon medallion with mushroom sauce- Lobster Ravioli
5	Went here on Saturday night for a party!  The service was just excellent!   They were friendly, prompt, and warm!  We were treated  like royalty!   The food OMG!!!  Some of the best flavors I've ever tasted. Each course served got better than the last!     If you want a great experience in tapas dishes, then Ibiza is the place to go.  Everyone at the party commented how they would most certainly come back!  Ooops!  I almost forgot, even though I did not have any, most of the party goers praised Ibiza's Sangria!  They deserve 10 stars!
3	Loved the crab cakes, calamari, scallops and shrimp! After the first taste of squid (excellent marinara sauce) I was only bummed that I had missed out on the groupon deal hours earlier, so I could order more!Our servers were quite the characters too... just make sure you check on the back room diners more often, its easy to eat those small plates fast and want to order more, but we cant do it without you!
4	Finally tried this place, with a Groupon, and it was overall a pretty good experience.  I see a lot of other reviewers mention that they thought it was overpriced, and I'd have to agree with that.  We stuck to the tapas and everything we had was very good. They had a lamb chop tapas with hoisin and pistachios which was awesome.  My one complaint was that the chops came in twos, and they provided a serrated knife for us to separate them.  For tapas, I would do all single chops.  But the flavor on them was incredible.Had the eggplant rollatini, artichoke fritters, olives, roasted vegetable salad, mushroom bruschetta, tilapia ceviche.  All above average, and plenty for two to share.I have to say, I was most impressed with the service-- very knowledgeable staff, and very attentive without being pains in the ass.I would definitely go back, for a special occasion.  On payday :-)
4	Finally tried this place, with a Groupon, and it was overall a pretty good experience.  I see a lot of other reviewers mention that they thought it was overpriced, and I'd have to agree with that.  We stuck to the tapas and everything we had was very good. They had a lamb chop tapas with hoisin and pistachios which was awesome.  My one complaint was that the chops came in twos, and they provided a serrated knife for us to separate them.  For tapas, I would do all single chops.  But the flavor on them was incredible.Had the eggplant rollatini, artichoke fritters, olives, roasted vegetable salad, mushroom bruschetta, tilapia ceviche.  All above average, and plenty for two to share.I have to say, I was most impressed with the service-- very knowledgeable staff, and very attentive without being pains in the ass.I would definitely go back, for a special occasion.  On payday :-)
4	This was our first time at Ibiza and I have to say it was a pleasant experience and I would definitely return! We had a group of 6 and I do recommend reservations. They have dining, bar and patio seating as well as a private room. Tapas are small dishes like appetizers that you can share with everyone. It is fun because you get to try some of everything. Service was fast and very friendly. I recommend a pitcher of the Sangria which can be shared with your whole party. We actually went through 4 pitchers with 6 people. Obviously the sangria isn't very strong but very tasty! We tried the eggplant stuffed with goat cheese and ham which was very good although I thought the ratio of goat cheese to ham and eggplant was off with more goat cheese than I would have like. The calamari and artichoke tapas were delicious as well as the mushroom risotto (and I don't even like mushrooms!). My husband agreed that the chili lime shrimp was by far our favorite tapas as the shrimp was grilled perfectly and the sauce had just the right balance of chili and lime. Everyone at our table raved about the chorizo with spinach and raisins too. Overall, my experience at Ibizo was satisfying and I will certainly return. I can see why other people are saying they spent a lot of money or left hungry because the dishes are small. However, that's the point! They are meant to be shared and if you're still hungry, you can order more because the service is fast. Only giving it 4 stars because we felt some of the dishes were lacking in salt. Enjoy!
5	Service was fast. Atmosphere was appropriate. Thought the sangria was ok. All of the food was delicious. Chili lime shrimp was my favorite but we had 4 different small plates which we shared. We went with a group of 6 and everyone enjoyed the food. Would definitely go back. Portions are small and you will spend between 30 and 50 bucks per person with drinks so if that isn't your cup of tea you might not like it. If you like delicious good and good atmosphere this is a good place.
5	This is one of our favorite restaurants to bring clients and out of town guests to.  The decor is a bit trendy but not over powering, they do have valet so you do not have to fight with on street parking, and the staff has always been friendly and prompt.  The selection of food is great.  Remember this is a tapas restaurant when you only get 3 meatballs.  We have never had a problem with food except we never have enough room to eat everything on the menu!  The bar is fully stocked and the bartenders know how to mix a decent martini or mojito.  Everyone we have ever taken here requests to visit again when they're in town.   I highly suggest this restaurant if you want to leave a great first impression.  Dates, clients, and MILs alike.  They will all love it.
4	Awesome food! Awesome atmosphere. Love the flight of wines.....great for vegetarians...
5	I love the Happy Hour and new menu. Great place to go to after work. Nice atmosphere and always great service.
5	I thoroughly enjoyed everything about this place tonight. Sangria was great - get the pitcher it's about same price as two glasses. My date and I enjoyed sharing several tapas items; scallops were perfectly cooked and wonderful, medium rare medallion with mushrooms was very tasty and also perfectly cooked, stuffed peppers were spicy and great, tilapia item was very good also. My least favorite item was the sushi grade tuna on some kind of chips - it was good but not outstanding like the other items. The chocolate mouse shared with an expresso and a coffee topped off the evening. I will certainly be back again ;)Nice valet parking right next door was a plus!
5	We had ladies night at Ibiza last Friday and it was SO fun! The service was fast and friendly, the owner (?) came around multiple times to thank us for coming in, the food was delicious and fun, and the Sangria pitchers were flowing! The patio out back is open right now but it's a covered patio with heat lamps--would actually be really fun/romantic for a date! We ate the calamari which was delicious, the mushroom bruschetta, the chimichurri meat plate, and the lobster ravioli. Four of us split all of that tapas-style and it was more than enough food. Everything was delicious-- I will definitely be going back!Pros:+Service+Food value/taste (calamari/meat plate was the best!)+Sangria pitchers are a pretty good deal +atmosphere+Tapas -- good for sharing and trying multiple thingsCons:I can't think of any! Parking maybe? It's right on Carson street but they have valet for $5
4	Ibiza tapas is a guilt pleasure.they. Offer food based on a Mediterranean culinary food with high quality so good to eat and die.iIt's hard to resist going. My friend and I had many different  appetizers my favorite was a scallops and tuna . But the unique was strawberry soup. We had a hard chocolate mousses it was just divine . I would very strong recommends  this tapas for the excellent service, and superb food.Ivanete  wolstoncroft
4	Great when you want a long, relaxing but classy place to hang. The tapas are varied and creative, and each is enough for two. The cheese and Iberian hams were DIVINE. Wine flights are fun and truly are "tasting" size, not overkill. The back patio with the water wall and fire columns was rustic and cozy, even on a cold, rainy December evening. Service was attentive, maybe a little too attentive (it was a slow weeknight), but perfectly capable.Street parking is free after 6, but they also have valet.
1	Worst service ever.Worst service ever.Worst service ever.Worst service ever.Worst service ever.Worst service ever.Worst service ever.Worst service ever.Worst service ever.Worst service ever.Worst service ever.Worst service ever.
