3	Not bad for bar food. Definitely way overpriced, but that's expected. I would have loved to come away from this meal not hungry, as one should never when dining at a Sports Bar. The portions NEED to be bigger, but the food is very good. Nachos, fried calamari and shrimp, and the buffalo chicken lollipops were all real solid for what we were expecting. The dishes were about $12 each, and we had to wait in line for about 20 min, but it was a Sunday. The great thing were the solid amount of flat screens showing all the NFL action. The have NFL Sunday ticket and a ton TVs, so you won't be missing any of the action by eating here and then dipping back into the adjacent sportsbook once you're dining. The waitress was real nice too and they have cool shaped plates.
4	This place is awesome....We watched the Laker game here on new years day...The food is definitely bar food with a high end twist.  We loved everything we tried especially the queso flameado.  Plenty of screens and flat panel monitors for the sports junkie...Will definitely visit when we come back to Vegas.
3	Skybox brings makes bar food that is normally boring to enjoyable to eat. While I had to wait awhile to get a table, it was new year's day and everyone wanted to watch the rose bowl on the many tvs that surround the dining room. My bro and I ordered the nachos grande and fried calamari with shrimp for appetizers and I had the angus burger for my entree. The nachos were seriously the best nachos I've ever had. I don't know if it's cause I was hungry or what, but they were the best nachos EVER. In fact, the table next to us ordered one of their own because they had "nacho envy." The fried calamari was tasty, and fried properly, not too greasy, and came with two delicious sauces, one jalapeno salsa based, the other spicy mayonaise based. I could not fully enjoy the angus burger, which was topped with crispy onions and blue cheese, as I was already stuffed from the appetizers. I wish the tables were a lot bigger since our orders filled up the table, making it harder to navigate and place our drinks without fear of spilling them. The $9 bottle of Fiji water is a major rip off, even by vegas standards. And, you would think a burger would come with a side of fries. Here they don't, and the side order of fries is actually the size of an entire entree, making it hard to finish the entire meal. Our waitress was more than attentive to our needs, making the whole experience a notch better. It would be better if they had more choices for hot sauce, cause tabasco just doesn't cut it for bar food.
3	Small portions and pricey, TVs aren't in the best location even though there are a good amount. Food ain't bad by any means, just slap a little bit more down on my plate, that's all I ask. I'm not asking for you to bake me a cake and put my name on it, just an extra hot wing or two with my order.
3	Spendy bar and grill next to the sports book. Food was not worth the wait or the price, but for a semi drunk midday meal it was fine. Waitress was bubbly and attentive, but i wouldn't go out of your way to eat here.
3	I was excited to see the newly opened City Center complex.  This sports bar is conveniently located next to the sports book.  They serve bar food that is priced on the top end of the scale.  The food is just ok.  I ordered the cheese steak.  It was ok.  There was a lot of cheese, which is nice.The service was ok.  One of our appetizers came out after our meals did.  The server was appologetic and had it taken off of our bill.This would be a decent place to watch a game.  There are several televisions, and the menu is fitting for sports.
4	This was my first experience in the new Aria Casino and Hotel - and what an experience it was !The entire place is quite simply amazing - not too flashy, but elegant -= roomy, but not too wide open, tastefully done everywhere.We ate at the Skybox - got in without any waiting or hassle - and the food was incredible! Our waitress was smart and knew the food - her suggestion were perfect!
3	The Skybox is a sweet little bar & grill inside Aria @ City Center.  This grill is located next to the sports book (hence the name "Skybox").  Food is your usual grill/bar selection.  The great part about the Skybox is the accessibility to the rest of the Aria casino and the amount of televisions to watch any sporting event.  Great sports book
4	The boyfriend and I ate here after our 4 hour drive to Vegas. It was a Monday night around 5:30pm and we got seated right away :o)  The restaurant is sports bar like but high class as well if that makes any sense. The food was incredible. I got a pasta dish and the b/f got a turkey burger and then we shared an Elvis inspired dessert! Everything was fabulous! Our waitress was SO friendly and helpful in suggesting ideas and she was right on the spot. This was probably the best meal we had in our four day trip.  They also have a take out window on the other side so you can order food to take back to your room!  Great idea...So why only four stars? It's because this place is expensive for what it is, which is nothing more than a jazzed up sports bar. But considering how expensive the other Aria restaurants are this was still a good deal. Be sure to check it out when you stop by the Aria, you won't be disappointed!!!
4	Nice little place we stopped at late on the second night of the NCAA Basketball Tournament.   Our server was really nice, even though they were incredibly busy.  Excellent wings and a fairly decent Margarita!  The location makes it a perfect place for hungry bettors to enjoy a bite while keeping an eye on the games! It is a little tight for a wheelchair user, but can be navigated.
1	Ordered the chicken panini from the take-out side of the restaurant. "No avocado mayonnaise please." It was handed to me 15 minutes later full of the unwanted green goo. "Try again please." 10 minutes later I get one back, but it was petrified. It was like a big brown rock. I used it as a card protector at the poker table. You get a big fat F, Skybox.
2	This place tries to be a high-end "luxury" sports bar; it's almost as if the owners were trying to cash in on the gastropub trend, Las Vegas sportsbook style.What really kills this place is the price of the food.  I paid $15 for a bigger that did not come with fries, and that was one of the cheaper things on the menu.  We also asked for two sides of ranch alongside the $8 sides of fries we ordered.  We were charged a $1 for each.Don't get me wrong; I know I'm in Las Vegas and I know things are going to be like Manhattan expensive but seriously?  $15 for a burger, then another $8 for fries, and then you charge me $1 for ranch?  WTF?  At least the burger was good, but not worth the $15.Unfortunately Aria doesn't have that many cheap places to eat (if any) so you might have to settle with eating here, but I would suggest going somewhere else if you're going to send $24 per person for dinner.
4	So the husband and I went here for a quick bite (we had 40 minutes before seeing VIva Elvis- that might be for another review..ehhh)So we flew into Skybox Sports Bar &Grill,   We asked the waitress if we could share our dishes and she said "absolutely!"  That's great!We ordered the calamari & rock shrimp, and a chicken caesar salad.Both were terrific!The calamari & rock shrimp came with red peppers, in a delicious batter (not too thick) and two dipping sauces.  The first was a great remoulade, that did not taste like mayo (which is a plus!) The other one was green, almost like a salsa verde.  That was good as well.The chicken caesar salad was delicious as well!  It was a very big salad and the chicken was cooked perfectly.   The dressing was great with crisp leafy greens.  There were tomatoes in the salad which added a nice flavor to the salad.Sure the prices were a lil steep.  But since we shared, we walked out of the there for like $30 (for 2 appetizers) but were contently full!   It was probably one of the cheapest and fastest places in Aria.
4	Stumbled in here searching for a quick bite, and did not regret it!Although, the price may be a bit high for what you're getting... its Vegas on the strip, so I can deal.  The food is more than worth it, especially the garlic parmesan fries/chips!  Definitely not an every day snack place, but a good place for some comfort/pub food and downing a few beers during the game!
4	we went to check it out first football games weeked here,it was nice,food was good,service was awesome.
3	After a second trip here very little has changed about my review.  The food is good.  I ordered the chorizo burger.  It was ok.  It could have used a lot more flavor.  The chorizo flavor was weak at best.  The fries are good and you get a lot of them.Two of the people in our group ordered the hot burger that they give you a warning about before they let you order it.  Avoid this burger.  Not only is it blistering hot, it tastes horrible.  The ghost chilis singe your taste buds and will ruin the rest of your meal.  I was expecting the heat, but i was not expecting the awful taste.
3	Due to a lack of options I was pushed towards this place to get a quick bite to eat before heading out for the celebrations.  I ended up going thru the take out counter and was shocked to see that the cheapest burger they had was $15, and didn't even include fries.  The burger was good except it was a little dry.  It was basically just the bun, a piece of lettuce, a tomato, onions, and a bun.  They should have at least thrown some ketchup or mayo on there to pick it up a bit.Service was good,  there is even a bar right next door where you can grab a drink or two while waiting for your meal to be prepared.
3	We visited Skybox on Thanksgiving Day and ended up going to the take out counter since the restaurant portion was closed. We read many reviews that talked about the excellent burger so we were really looking forward to trying it. The burger was good, but a little on the dry side. It was really big and too much for me to eat by myself. The fries were ok...standard seasoned fries. I wouldn't make a special trip to Skybox. The burger wasn't that good. If this is the best burger Vegas has to offer, I'll stick to fine dining.
4	Omgoodness delish! Best friend and I were bored one night and decided to walk around Aria. Stomachs growling and stumbled upon this spot. Bar food. Best burgers I have had in a good while. Can't beat those sweet potato fries either. Our server was wonderful, kept our glasses filledWe were happy campers for sure.
1	I've been a Las Vegas local for 35 years. I rarely go to The Strip and now I remember why!We politely declined the server's offer for another round of drinks. At which time, she told us that if we didn't spend another $10 per person, we would have to leave.I was OK with the fact that they had a $10 per person / per hour beverage minimum. I wasn't OK with the waitress telling me (3-minutes after I paid my bill): "you've already paid, so you can't just sit here....we have people waiting for tables". I was completely stunned! We had not even finished our drinks. For the record, there was no one waiting in line.As for the food, mediocre at best! As for the service, Josie G's face might have cracked if she smiled. This is an overflow restaurant. A place where diners go to eat when there are no other restaurants/seats available. My suggestion: if The Skybox is the only seat in the house, WAIT UNTIL ANOTHER SEAT OPENS!
1	Food was ok, though overpriced. Service was horrible. We had the pleasure of being served by the rudest waitressever (Josie). I'm sorry if you're unhappy with your job, don't take it out on me. Definitely not going back.
4	Convenient location, got seated quickly, fast service, and large portions. Our waitress was super friendly. Great place to watch a sports game in a more classy atmosphere than your average sports bar. Prices are a bit steep but what I can say was well worth the money- the calamari/rock shrimp appetizer and the enormous bowls of soup.Sandwiches don't come with fries or a side. My husband ordered fries to accompany the blt and they weren't necessary. The portions are extra large.
4	This is a generous review of Skybox. It is more life a 3.5 of 5. The place is beautiful, which isn't something you usually associate with a sports bar. I loved that they had many TV's and since I was staying at the Vdara it was the closest sports bar. My main gripe: 1) beer is expensive. It should be again the law to have the cheapest beer at a sports bar be $6. PBR was $6. That's not right. I don't mind if you gouge me on food but I'm not buying more than one beer if you rip me off so blatantly. PBR is at most $3. At most. I wouldn't call this a true sports bar. It's more like a nice hotel with a bunch of tv's that happen to be playing sports. If you want a quiet place to eat and have a beer while watching the game this is it but not a true sports bar. The nachos were excellent, albeit $13 or so.
4	It was mid-day, we finally got to the hotel after landing at LAS airport, dropped off the bags and decided to semi-conquer what was next?Problem. We were hungry and thirsty!!! We happened to run into this fine establishment and we were glad we did. We got to watch the game and at the same time, find some really affordable food and drinks. We had about 20 glasses of beer, for only $4. UNHEARD OF!!! Especially on the Las Vegas Strip.The service was kind of small but they were really busy, at least we were seated quickly. The Hot Wings were decent, nothing to rave or rant about. The fries were satisfying but again, nothing special. The nachos were a little bit better, I could say it hit the spot but then again, I didn't get enough of it.The total for food and drinks for a group of 4 guys only added up to less than $25... what a great stop and a good way to kick off our trip. Definitely coming back here and recommending it to others.
2	Way too expensive for a burger that was good, but I've had better. For 15.00 they could've thrown in some fries at least. Service was great though and atmosphere was nice.
3	So just before leaving Vegas we wanted to grab a meal and hit the road. Enter Skybox. This place looks cool, i mean the only thing it's missing in the actual BAR inside the joint. We were a party of 4 and were seated pretty much right away.The place wasn't too packed but right off the bat you can tell something just wasn't right. Que the Drunk folks in the front of the place. Granted it is Vegas but really drunk guy do you need to stand up and yell "I'm going to fuck that bitch" while others are trying to enjoy a meal? Classy! The action was hot around the area with people falling down all over the place! made for an interesting lunch no doubt! On to the food. I still wasn't feeling 100% so i got a Cesar salad with shrimp, pretty dang good if you ask me, almost one of the best I've ever had and there was a lot to eat as well. The gf got some chicken nachos and well they were alright. The others are the table order some beef something sliders and she said they were good and her man got the turkey Burger and he said that was alright as well. SO i guess all in all the food was good. the highlight though, my jacking the cute lil salt & pepper shakers.. SCORE! Oh also and one dude from the drunk party landed flat on his face or so it seems when he fell over...WAY TO GO CHIEF!!
2	Meh is right.  We stopped here for a quick lunch before heading home our last day of the trip.  I mean this place was OK, but it was really... boring.  Sports bars are not really my cup of tea in the first place, but they did have lots of TVs, if that's your thing.   Nice attempt at a theme, with the sports uniforms and menus.  My chicken nachos were fine, but nothing in this restaurant stood out.  Except for the WASTED guy at the front of the restaurant who ended up passing out and falling flat on his face.  Overall: There are much better/cooler/more fun restaurants to eat at in Vegas.
4	Good burger and fries!
4	I am a local, I decided to get away for a hot romp for the night and picked ARIA. Came across the Skybox sports bar and grill! We sat at a booth with our own 42 inch plasma screen tv! Was freakin awesome! Service was awesome, love a bubbly waitress who knows the menu! Mmmmmm my mouth was doing a series of happy licks! Tasty Tasty so Tasty! Great prices for great portions! For two people each order a burger or sandwich and split an order of fries, you are good to go! This place is awesome for sports fans, tvs all over covering walls with all of the different sports action. The wall of flat screens is cool!Must try'sGrilled chicken panini, bacon swiss cheese, avocado pesto!Sky Burger 1/2 pound angus beef, bacon, smoked gouda cheese and bourbon bbq sauce, the best burger on the strip, hands down!Garlic parmesan hand cut fries, huge portion enough to share! MMMM melt in my mouth, awwwwww, ridiculous baby!
2	We went to Skybox while our room was getting ready for check-in.  We were lured by their HH menu so we went in.  Once we were seated, we realized their HH menu sucks.  Yes, the chicken fingers are something like $2 but... that's what they charge you for EACH PIECE.  So weird.  Who orders chicken fingers in individual quantities?  I got the turkey blt and the fries.  Fries were soggy and turkey blt was normal.  I asked for both ranch and bleu cheese with my chicken fingers and the server told me that it cost extra.  He was nice enough to "sneak" an extra sauce for me free of charge but c'mon, like my friend said "what is this, McDonalds??"
1	Puts the "Rip" in ripoff!!!        Went to Skybox in May 2011 with my wife and daughter.  I ordered an 8 oz hamburger, my wife had a salad and my daughter had the macaroni and cheese.  We also split an order of nachos.  It was quite a shock when the bill for this came to $85 with tip!!  The $18 burger is 1/2lb and comes with no sides at all!! Only a pickle slice, no fries.  Each soft drink is 4.50/each.  Clearly an overpriced tourist trap.   After leaving hungry, we wound up stopping in McDonald's on the way home disgusted by the knowledge we had spent that much money on basic unfilling food.  Do yourself a favor a go to a real restaurant where $85 buys more than a burger, salad and mac and cheese.  Shame on you Aria for ripping the public off this way!!!
2	This place is so bad! I've tried the sides, the paninis, and the burgers and nothing was remotely good.It gets the stars it has because it's one of the only fast service outlets at ARIA. (By the way, not all that fast).
4	We stayed at Vdara and with little restaurant choices we found ourselves eating at skybox twice during our Vegas stay. It's very convenient! We felt like for being "in vegas" the prices were fair.Our first visit was on a tuesday and the place was empty. We had a great waitress and service was really fast! The first time I had the panini. YUM! My husband ordered the burger and he also thought it was good. We shared an order of fries (because no sides come with your meals) and for $6, we thought they were "okay" but there were A LOT of them. Between two if us we didn't even finish them!The second trip was a friday lunch time, and it was packed. But still had really fast service. Lots of soda refills, and food came out fast. I was not feeling too hungry, so I ordered the chicken fingers off the app. menu. 4 BIG chicken strips (def. enough for a lunch) and very plain coleslaw. blah. Hubby ordered a chicken caesar salad. it was HUGE! This would be a staple dining location for us if we stayed at Aria or Vdara again. My husband loves all the TV screens :) haha....
4	As with most things in the Aria, the place looks beautiful with state of the art flat screens littering every square inch of the wall. A bit overpriced, but that's the motto for everything in the Aria. The food was respectable, quality bar food. No complaints for the menu. Drinks were also reasonable with some decent bottled bears. I had a few Dogfish Head 60 minutes after a VERY tiring 12 hour seminar and left feeling extremely relaxed. Our server, Jason, was very attentive and hilarious and dropped jokes about macro and micro economics - I wonder if he knew there were a bunch of dorky actuaries dinning at the restaurants that night.If you want a casual meal and to watch a game, I highly recommend coming here if you're in the Aria. There are certainly more glamorous dinning options though.
2	The food is mediocre. The food here is a bit dry and not flavorful.  It's obviously overpriced too. If u want some American food, go to holsteins at cosmopolitan 10min walk from aria.I don't get how these high end hotels can have such crappy overpriced restaurants
4	This has to be the best quesedilla I've ever tasted in a non mexican spot.Their food was GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Of course the huge tv's all over the place was an added bonus.  The ambiance was great, football season is here and a girl was in heaven.To make me even more happier, their carrot cake was the EXCELLENT!!! OMG...good people good!!!
4	Great food at reasonable prices. Located right next to the sports book, it's casual & a great spot for lunch. I had the burger which was enormous & one of the best burgers I've ever had. We got a side of sweet potato fries that were definitely worth $6. Definitely recommend!
2	Eh. This place is nice if you wanna grab a beer or just want to relax a bit while in Aria but the food. I wasn't very impressed. The server recommended the burger and made the unnecessarily bold statement that it would be "the best burger I have ever had" and ...eh, absolutely not. This ribeye burger was very subpar, the bread was too much and the meat was like basic ground meat. It was $18 and came with no sides, not even a pickle... def pass on this burger. You'd be able to go to Fuddrucker's and get 3 of these burgers...with fries.
5	This review is for the Skybox TO-GO, the order up and take out window next to the actual Skybox sit down eatery.The Skybox eatery/take out window is the closest place to get some food if you happen to be at the Aria sports book. My boyfriend is a sports book fiend and we spent a good deal of time in the sports book betting on games and watching them.  Since our group snagged some prime seats in the sports book, none of us wanted to go to a sit down restaurant to eat, which brought us to Skybox TO-GO  :)After some hemming and hawing and finally on the suggestion of the very nice and rather plump older guy behind the counter, I settled on the turkey club which happened to be a best seller and the plump guy's personal fave. ***Hands down, the best turkey club sandwich I've ever had!!!***I'm sooo NOT a club sandwich person and prefer a juicy burger over a club sandwich anytime, but this effing sandwich was friggin tasty!  Buttered and toasted bread slathered with some pesto type mayo. a generous pile of turkey, fresh tomato and lettuce, and thick crispy bacon. The sandwich is cut into quarters and skewered with toothpicks to hold everything in place. No side is included, but not really needed since its filling by itself.The following day was a repeat of our day before: snagged prime seats in the sports book; ordered the turkey club from Skybox TO-GO; and happily ate.
3	The food is so-so. Widmer on tap. No line. Comfy seating. It does the job.
4	Skybox at Aria makes a nice burger. It's not cheap, but it sure is good.I had the Sky Burger. It was huge! No sides needed. The bacon was delicious.For desert, I split the cheesecake, which was also very good.
5	We did this write. I have heard that many of the items are excellent, so the 4 of us ordered a bunch and shared. The Highlights:Black & Blue burger!The burger with Brie on it (I forget the name)SWEET POTATO FRIESService was excellent! We visited close to 2pm on Friday afternoon. My water was never empty, and the brought extra condiments before we even asked.The Strip is loaded with pricey restaurants and sometimes, it's the quality of the products and service that make you just not care. Skybox is a great example. If you are stayig at ARIA or just in the area, give it a shot. Let them earn your business.
3	After walking around the strip we went back to Aria and decide to get some food to go  so we went to the To Go counter. We ordered the Chicken Panini which was 14 or 16 bucks i think and a side of fries and that was 6 bucks i believe, which was kinda pricey. We had to wait 10-15 mins for our food which wasn't to long but the BF thought so. The Panini was so good and so was the fries, its just the price that made it not so great i think after tax it was about 24 bucks just for those 2 things!
2	This is one of only a couple of places in Aria that offer lunch, so in need of food I found myself there ordering a burger. As usual I ordered my burger medium rare. The burger came out and upon my cutting it in half I discovered the cook's idea of medium rare is more akin to medium well, if not full on well done. I ate half the burger because I was hungry and in a hurry, when he server asked how my burger was I gave him my take with which he agreed, and said he'd see if the manager would bit charge me for the meal since I couldn't sent it back (crunched for time). When the waiter came back he told me the manager had given authorization for half credit in the burger, which is about right given that I ate half of it. So, two stars for way over-cooking a basic dish, and for the waiter under-delivering on the expectation he set. And because this place bills itself as a premier hotel with excellent shopping and restaurants, it gets knocked another star.
4	Nice place to come eat and enjoy a variety of sports programming with peace. Unlike many sports bars and restaurants, it can get loud and rowdy, but not this one. Service was just alright. Prices are average. Food is definitely tasty. I really enjoyed the overall experience and feel of sitting there while enjoying my lunch. I had the fish and chips, had the panko coating and man it was deeeelish. I would love to come back and try their sliders and hotdogs among other things, from seeing what the rest of my party ordered. check it out!
2	I ordered the chicken strips and was asked if I wanted fries with it. The chicken was overfried and fries were mushy. Charged $23 bucks cheersMaybe I should have went with a burger
2	My 'Burgers to-do' list in my phone is constantly growing and changing, and I tend to knock off the ones I'm more excited about as opposed to places that have been on the list for a long time. Such is the case with Skybox at Aria, it's been on my list for well over a year but I've had no desire to park at City Center and make my way in there. Having to be on the strip yet again for a meeting around lunch time I took the opportunity to check off one more typically avoided strip location. Was it worth the wait?Skybox is located in a space that looks like a corridor in any other part of City Center, but in this case they happened to drop in some tables and a bunch of TV screens to make it into a 'sports bar'. I use this term very loosely as the 'bar' has no identity other than a couple framed pictures of old sports legends and said tables. The menu offers everything you would expect from a sports bar: wings, nachos, salads, hot dogs, cheese steaks and of course burgers. I also noted right away while glancing the menu that everything is around $15+ which seemed a bit high, more on that later.I went with the American Burger which is your standard lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles, and cheddar along with a house made spread. There was a good char flavor upon first bite, something I've experienced with the last few burgers I've eaten. It was a tiny bit overcooked but close to the medium-rare I ordered, it was nice and juicy and had ok beef flavor. The tomato was very fresh, the onions were ok, but the cheese was not entirely melted and I seemed to hit some sort of a cold spot at one point between the cheese, tomatoes and even meat. The potato(?) bun was ok, maybe a tiny bit thick, but the meat to bun ratio was off as I had a good chunk of bun sitting on my plate at the end all by itself. I kind of forgot about the house made spread from the menu while I was eating it and just assumed at one point that I was mayo. It didn't really taste like much more than that at least. Overall it was ok, again nothing above a typical pub burger.The thick cut fries were surprisingly good; they were cooked well and had good flavor. They were actually a welcome change to the norm I have been coming across lately. As I was writing some notes down upon completion of my meal I wrote out a score of 86, which is possibly a bit high but what I consider slightly above average and fair for this...that is until I was handed my bill. My $15 burger somehow transformed into a $27 meal! I must have fries with a burger and I didn't really pay attention to the menu, but $6 for hand cut fries is just insane. And to top it off they charged me $4.50(!!!) for an iced tea. WTF?! This change of events quickly turned around my entire outlook on this meal and made it a total fail; strip location or not $27 for a barely above average burger meal for one person is just freakin' insane. I couldn't recommend this to anyone.
2	We stumbled upon the Skybox as a last minute find for a convenient and not too expensive restaurant for dinner one night.The food can pretty much be summed up as "sports bar & grill" type food. We shared an order of hot wings and I personally ordered the fish tacos.  The wings were super spicy and a really decent portion size. The fish tacos were just ok, some of the fish was a little fishy tasting which always puts a damper on a meal. The rice that came with the tacos was really yummy though.The meal still ended up being expensive! Four entrees, wings, and NO drinks came out to be $40 per person. Hot damn!Would not come back... not even out of dire desperation. :X
3	Yes, the Rocket Salad is a keeper. Huge, fresh and fun to eat with field greens, candied pecans and craisins, et cetera. Can't go wrong with it.But the real *stars* at Skybox are the wings: these wings are 95th percentile jumbo-sized and if you get them tossed in a mixture of BBQ and Hot Buffalo - VOILA! - you have a tremendous set of Spicy BBQ wings on your hands. Wing orders come adorned with very fresh celery and carrots and a show-off chunky bleu cheese dressing with big sunken bleu cheese chunks (try saying that 5x real fast.)Ok, yes the food here is not exactly cheap, but that's what MLife comps are for, right?Most of the Skybox orders end up being room-charged to corporate expense accounts or to people's MLife players club cards so it feels wrong to dissuade people from eating here because it's slightly more expensive than the food at a Ruby Tuesday's. To me, the Skybox food is worth it: not having to leave the Casino = more time to hang out at the pool and enjoy the steam shower in your suite.Wing note: the Skybox wings seem to come from the same supplier that provides Lemongrass (the Thai restaurant in Aria) their wings. Lemongrass smokes their wings and sends them out with a bit of honey/fish sauce. This is another awesome wing within 200 yards of Skybox. Hungry for wings all of a sudden? I'm also a fan of the brined & fried chicken wings at Le Thai. Those are served with a homemade sriracha ranch. The smoked wings at the Las Vegas Grille are also outstanding (and available in pineapple jerk!)
2	Came here with a group of six guys during business trip.  First day of NCAA tourney and wanted to watch games while having a decent dinner.  Decent beer selection and the staff is friendly.  All six of us were seriously disappointed with the lack of flavor in our meals.  Not sure how you can make a blue cheese burger with so little flavor.  Come for the beer, wings and onion rings. Nothing else really shined although the service was pretty good.
2	I ate here today for lunch while at the sports book in Aria.For my entree I decided on the fish tacos. The tacos came with pineapple on them and sides of Mexican rice and black beans.  The sides were sort of slopped together and did not look terribly appetizing at all but they ended up tasting ok.  The tacos themselves were a big disappointment with the fish being cold and the tortilla not too good either.  The meal was also much messier than I had expected.The bottom line for me is that I would not eat here again.  I found it to be overpriced with poor tasting food.
4	So youre running the HR department at Aria and you interview a perfectly fine female specimen for a bartender or waitress position. However she is uglier than Tom Selleck without his moustache and because men for the most part are disgusting individuals you know you can only put hot chicks in the bars, nightclubs and restaurants.  I always wondered what the HR department of major casinos do when faced with this scenerio. Now I know. They have them work in the sports book. Big nose? sports book. Fatty calfs i.e cankles? sports book. Belly or newly pregnant? sports book.  Fupa? Sports book. Besides the dames this place isn't so bad. Sure the the way the place is set up isn't as creative as the script for the original Mortal Kombat movie  Or as entertaining as Iron Eagle 2 with Louis Gossett Jr. But then again what is?The main screen high def TV is absolutely huge and the most impressive thing I've seen since Jonah Hill with his shirt off.The place also has at least thirty other tv screens to simultaneous watch sports and Knight Rider reruns at the same time. Also the chefs at the Aria sport book are culinary innovators that should be applauded for their unbelievable creativity. Have you ever heard of putting a piece of beef between a bun? What. No way! Or how about this frying a small chicken wing then putting hot sauce on it. Incredible! I guess the chefs here call it buffalo wings or something. Shocking no one else has thought of this stuff!So bottom line I like the Aria sports book. Is it as good as Empire Strikes Back? No of course not. But it's a solid Return of the Jedi and that's not so bad.
2	Like everywhere else in Vegas, this place was way over-priced. The burger I had cost $18 and that didn't include any fries. The fries came in a tiny bucket-thing and they were just ok. The host seated us as far away from the kitchen as possible so it took our waiter quite a while to take our orders and bring our food (and those where the only times he came by, besides dropping off the bill).
4	Because I work close by, I've eaten at Skybox many times. A lot of the items are hit or miss. But I've figured out the things they do well, are excellent. The items that stick out the most are the the Mac and cheese and the chili.The mac and cheese they use bow tie pasta, not conventional but they make it work. They use smoked gouda, and cheddar and top it off with toasted herb  bread crumbs! The chili here is amazing, I'm from Texas and I know chili. Inside they use carne asada beef, aged cheddar, and a good dollop of sour cream. They top it off with a pepper to give it an extra kick! The chili comes with cornbread with actual kernels of corn baked into it. Few notable entry's are the  sweet potato fries, Philly cheesesteak, and the Caesar salad (huge).As a whole Skybox is a 3.5 but I rounded up to 4 because I only get whats good. Duh.
4	Great little spot inside Aria, near the Aria Sports Book, to get something yummy for your tummy while watching whatever games or ESPN highlights on the many monitors distributed around the eatery.Since it is a sports bar/restaurant, Skybox has a deep roaster of finger foods and other appetizers, that is intended to be consumed with reasonable, yet bordering on generous, amount of beers and cocktails.  The nachos is generous and pretty damn good, especially as something to munch on during interesting games. But the Big Game Wings is definitely one of the top reasons for traversing through the rows of slot and table games in Aria to get to this side of the casino.  Besides dropping by during game times, Skybox is also a great place to have a business lunch or dinner or a pre-show meal.  It is fairly quiet during lunch on weekdays, and after the games, so business can easily be conducted over a casual meal.  The salads that I have tried are all fantastic.  Especially The Rocket, which is highly recommended. The portion is large enough to be considered an entree (the pecans, crasins, goat cheese crumble and white balsamic vinaigrette are the stars of this arugula salad) . If you want something a little heftier, try the Black and Blue Burger or the Sky Burger.  Both are fantastic and are some of my favorite burgers to order on the Strip.Price is pretty reasonable for a mega resort on the Strip, plus the kitchen does not skimp on the portion, so it is definitely worth the money.The Happy Hour here are offered weekdays from 3-5pm.  Select appetizers are $6 each, with cocktails at $7 and wines at $5.  Great for pre-gaming or hanging out with your new best friend.Service:  4.5/5  Super nice and attentive. Split checks, not a problem. Them are pros looking out for ya, while you get your grub on.Food:  4/5  It is not your every day corner sports bar food. That's a good thing.Ambiance:  4.5/5  You don't have enough pairs of eyes at the table to eyeball all the monitors in this place.Price:  4/5  Expensive when compared to the hole-in-the-wall sports bar, but really reasonable compared to its peers.Value:  4/5  Most people can't finish their salads. Yeah, them leafy greens that weighs a fraction of what a typical serving of burger and fries. 4 stars.
2	Overpriced for the quality of food. I had the fish tacos and the drunken shrimp. I ate one taco since I was hungry but I didn't enjoy the appetizer or the entree. My friend had the fish and chips and he didn't like it either. It looked like Long John Silver food to me. The waiter was a nice guy but the food is bad, I suspect the fish was over fried to hide the cheap quality. I won't be eating here again. The setting is okay to watch a game and have a few beers/cocktails though.
3	We ordered Nachos that were pretty good.  And burgers after that.  The food was good, but it was a little expensive.The Sports bar next to the restaurant is too crowded with insufficient seating.  I would go to the MGM Grand or Belagio for better sports bars.
4	I've eaten here a few times and it was always good. It was a great place to watch college and pro football, and the required spend for a game was very reasonable. Service was good and there are lots of TVs. I also like that they have a takeout menu and a specific takeout counter - it's pretty convenient if you just want to grab something quickly and take it to your room, or sit at the bar and eat it. They don't take reservations so you need to just get there and wait but it's a good spot.
4	I was very pleased with this place. We originally came here because we redeemed a free pitcher of beer thanks to myVEGAS. We of course ordered a couple apps to share as well. We split the Seared Ahi Tuna which I really enjoyed and the BBQ Pork Sliders which were decent as well. Service was average but I loved that I could see the BIG tvs in their sportsbook area from where we were sitting. I would definitely consider going back here for some lunch next time we're in town.
5	Good job sir! The food was amazing. Service was really good also
1	Closed. Hotel is changing it to another type of restaurant
4	The Rocket salad is awesome!  Add some chicken and enjoy!  Turkey burger is great too!
