5	Great Pizza!!!! They have good wings and sandwiches.
5	This is some of the best "New York Style" pizza I have had in Arizona since I moved here from New York...it must be the water or something because most places here in AZ have it wrong.  Delicious crust and high quality toppings.  The slices are huge.  Nice atmosphere, clean bathrooms, outdoor seating at patio tables.  I'll try the wings next time I visit...................................................tried the wings, sooooooooooooooooo good!
4	I've eaten here probably 20+ times. It's honestly the only place that hasn't went out of business in the area, but for good reason. Real nice food, pizza by the slice, and good prices. They make the LARGEST pizza ever. Check it out. The only knock on the place, for me, is all the times I've been there, I ALWAYS get a wierd vibe from the staff. They don't seem very friendly. It's not that they are mean, they're just not nice. Does that make sense? I guess I just always feel like they don't like their jobs, and it shows. The food I can definately recommend. You should check it out for the pizza for sure.
5	Best NY style pizza in the Valley! I lived around the corner from the Chandler location for a few years and went all the time (delivery was always on time and arrived hot too). I still go out of my way to get pizza there.
5	I love this place, I forgot how I found it. Maybe by accident. This place is great. Pizza is awesome, Calzone's are out of this world. They have daily specials we have taken advantage of and I still want to try their LARGE PIZZA, the biggest one I have seen. Very relaxing atmosphere and have always had a great experience.
5	My niece told me this place was the "bomb" so we tried it. My wife said the salad was fresh and tasty.  It looked good to me as well. Staff was friendly and the place was jammed. This place does not have much seating but we were able to sit right down. Pizza we ordered was the "party" a big 24 incher. Half. Pepperoni half. Cheese. (kids). The pizza was probably, no the best, I have ever had in the Phx area. Go here if you love NY style thin folding pizza (like I do). Wish I could give it 10 stars!!  Will be back here from now on when I want pizza.
5	Had the boneless wings this time around. Mild and honey BBQ split (amzing) - truly tasty. Loved it and of course still the best NYC style pizza in the valley.  Fold over gewey-cheezy, greasy goodness.  Do not go here if you are looking for something healthy ... go here to get full on bad for you food!
4	Good quality New York style pizza, which is hard to find in this state.They have a huge party size pizza that is great for a lot of people.
4	I have only ordered food for delivery and it was delicious! The party pizza is huge and the prices are great. We had pizza, anitpasto salad, and the wings (bone in and boneless). Everyone loved it and will definitely eat there again.
4	Definitely, good quick pizza. Inexpensive and filling!! Much different than the thin crust I'm used to but I still feel there are plenty of other pizza places to enjoy!I'm from Chicago, so I understand that everyone needs a different kind of pizza to keep them happy!
4	Very good. We had the veggie.  Great crust.  The only Drawback is the noisy strip mall atmosphere.   Would definitely return.
4	What a great local spot in Mesa. I didn't even know this place existed until I yelped on the way home from the parents. It lives up to its rating for sure. The slices are ready quick, salads plentiful and really does take you away from the Mesa suburbs for a quick moment. Great interior design that gives you that New York feel. Tables and decor are clean, and the food is great.
5	Love, Love, love Venezia's.   We traditionally get a pizza to share but have definitely taken advantage of the individual combo meals as well.  My kid loves the Golden wing sauce and the hubby rants and raves about the Italian sub with the giardinera peppers they put on it.  I say you cant go wrong with a slice.  Love the flavor of the sauce and whatever special seasonings they bless the pie with!   Plus the staff is always friendly and personable.   Too good not to try!
5	Some of the best pizza in the valley, the wings are fantastic!  Love their food, they do really good with delivery.  Of late it is never more that 45 min, which is great I think.  They have decent coupons online as well.  My daughter loves their fried Zucchinni.
4	Best slices in the area by a NY mile
5	Known about Venezia's ever since I was in high school. Would goto the one on pecks and McQueen that recently moved to Cooper and ray I think.  I was excited to find one near my work on the was side.  Been here many many times and have never been disappointed.  My favorite and beat pizza in Az.  I compare all other pizza restaurants ( I could live off pizza) and none have surpasses venezias!
4	The pizza is superior to the competition across the street. We primarily get take out so I will save the fifth star for my next eat in experience. Sandwiches are great also. They have never messed up my order which is rare for a place I eat often.
2	I love their pizza but the customer service sucks.  They almost always get our order wrong, and don't really seem to care when they do.
4	Venezia's is great! I finally got a chance to try them the other day. My husband and I both went for our "date night." We both got one of their combinations, with a slice of pizza, six wings and a drink. Their slices are HUGE! It was a very yummy meal for both of us.My only comment is that the restaurant is a little dark. I would have liked more lighting. It could have just been the cloud coverage. But I will definitely be back! Good stuff!
5	Venizias!  Absolutely amazing pizza and wings.  I would highly recommend this little pizzeria to anyone that claims to be a fan of NY style pies.  I find myself having a hard time remembering to breath when I hold a slice in my hand.  Somewhat dangerous, but very worth it!!Well done Venezias!  I am a fan for life!
5	Venzezia's, Venezia's. My boyfriend and I eat here at LEAST once a week. AMAZING food. We love it. The pizza slices are large and very filling, the salads are just delicious, and the sandwiches and calzones are some of the best ever. I would def recommend coming here for the pizza though. In my opinion, the best slices are the chicken pesto, BBQ chicken pizza, and the Italian Stallion. Add 6 medium wings and a drink and you cannot go wrong. I must warn you though, the wing sauce is a little bit on the HOT side so if you like things more tame, I would go with the mild sauce. The only place that has better wings is Zipp's (and that's a yelp review for another day). One drawback, any extra dressing is 35 cents. But let me tell you, the ranch is so worth it. YUM!
5	Has to be one of the better Pizza places around town!Awesome hot pizza, great wings!!Wish they had some more tables ; )
2	People line up at this place like they never had Good Italian.........over rated IMAO!Keep in mind that good food means little if the service is slow or the order is always wrong. Venizia's does have some tasty food no doubt but the wait time and goofed up orders are unacceptable. I was blessed to grow up in a little town off the Pacific coast that had a large Italian community and a Ristorante was never far away, not pasta mills but food that was more like you would get on Sunday at "Nonna's" house.
5	This place is by far the best pizza not on the east coast that I've had.  I do have to admit eating there the pizza seems a little better.  When I've gotten delivery it just didn't have the same "pow"
3	Good pizza. the crust in on the deeper side, i like paper thin pizza. i have had pizza, sandwiches, and the wings. all are very good, and worth the price. good place for a Friday night pizza party...
4	Great pizza! One of the best crusts going for a local joint, decent sauce that is bold and earthy. Quality mozzarella and toppings used. Salads are green and fresh, with a fresh cut quality, and ample quantity. The sandwiches are exceptional as well as their pasta choices. If you are from the big apple you will feel at home at Venezia, which could hold its own in the big city. Venezia has become my "go to" local pizza shop, because it IS that good! Keep doing what your doing, Venezia, because your doing it right!www.askchefdave.blogspot.com
5	This is the best pizza in Mesa (Maybe this side of NY, but definitly AZ)! Friendly staff, big slices, Awesome pizza, great salads, yummy wings! (The only thing they have missed are fried mushrooms. I will keep asking too, cause I know they would make those amazing as well) I HIGHLY reccomend the Lunch specials. I think I visit this place about once a week! I try to hit it on Tuesdays when the Bianco pizza is on special; it is my ALL time favorite! One slice of that and a Greek salad and I am in HEAVEN!!!  I do have to say that I liked the greek dressing better before they bottled it, but this stuff is still the best going! The New York style crust is amazing! crisp on the bottom with a good amount of chew. The sauce is tangy and has the right amount of spice. The Sweet Chili Wings are my faxorite (though not spicy at all. My 7 year old LOVES them, too). The sandwiches are also amazing! HUGE!! The Meatball is my 10 yr. olds favorite, but I prefer a more authentic cold Italian or even the Chicage Beef is an excellent choice. Ok, so I guess my summary so far is that no matter what you pick, you can't really go wrong! It is all amazing! And if you have a group the 24" Party pizza is the way to go!! Just be sure it will fit in the car!
5	Try the party pizza challenge!!! and oh yeah perhaps the best pizza in AZ!!!
5	This place get's 5 stars not just because you can get Pizza by the slice ANYTIME.. but it's the best Pizza I've had in the Valley! I had a slice of the Chicken Pesto & the BBQ Chicken. It's just perfect pizza and huge slices! Plus the combos are great & cheap.
4	Always great pizza and wings.  Best green olive pizza around.  Wings are good and my wife loves the greek salad.
4	Love the pizza here. It's my go-to place for NY style pizza in the SE Valley. I used to be a Casanova Bros loyalist, but after a couple of not so good experiences there, I flipped to Venezia's and haven't looked back. Unlike some previous posters, I've never had an issue with the service and have always found it efficient and friendly. Also, I've never had anything here but the pizza, so I can't comment on any of the other menu items. For first timers, you can dine-in and buy slice combos so you don't have to commit to anything large right away. Once you're ready for a full pie, you'll be glad to know that they run daily specials which you can find on their website and they're always issuing coupons in those junk mailings you get. You'll find them once you get through all of the blinds and garage door service flyers.If you've seen Breaking Bad, you'll know that it's had some sad moments. Like when Jesse's girlfriend OD'd or when the young boy gets shot. For me, one of the saddest episodes was when Walter got mad and tossed that delicious Venezia's pizza on to the roof of his house and it went to waste. I wish I could've been there to intercept it.
5	The best pizza in Phoenix.  They make their pizza with fresh ingredients and even have home made sauce and ranch dressing.  Their ranch is so good we buy it by the bottle to keep here at home.  Venezia's is a little more expensive than the average pizza place but well worth it.  They have daily specials and have a lot of coupons that usually get mailed along with the grocery store ads.  I also really like their salads.
4	Excellent NY-style pizza and our best meal in Phoenix so far. We ordered cheese and margarita slices. The crust is really good and the cheese and sauce are perfect. It reminds me of the better slices back home in Jersey. It has a nice family pizzeria ambiance inside (pleasantly dark) and a large string of lights outside.
5	Omg. Love Venezias. I often dream of swimming in their cheese pizza. Hot and bubbly. The best pizza you can get delivered in the east valley by far. We've ordered once every couple of weeks for a long time and the quality is always there. This pizza is too good to top, but if you want toppings they will not disappoint.
3	(Guadalupe & Ellsworth)I order from them quite often. The pizza is good when it doesn't have 25% of it covered in bubbled up crust. And what's worse is they sent it out for delivery. Their quality control is lacking. And they never seem to ever slice the pizza all the way. I always have to go back and cut it again when I get home. I know it sounds picky but it gets annoying especially when you give them a lot of business.However what bugs me about this place is they nickel and dime you for every little thing. I understand they are in business to make money but they seem to take it a bit too for with extra little charges.It is good pizza but you can tell it's run by a high school crowd. Inconsistent with food and service. The dine-in experience seems to yield slightly better results in consistency. However the one at Guadalupe & Ellsworth is a little crowded at times. They also have a small outdoor patio which is nice when it's not 110 degrees outside.
2	The one on McKellips is soooo much better!
5	Love this pizza!  Huge slices with yummy toppings!  Try the chicken pesto... It will not disappoint. They also have a HUGE family size pizza available. It is awesome!
4	Have only had delivery, but the food has always been on point. Salads, boneless wings & cheese bread w/ marinara are all good. Haven't had the pizza.
1	The place was good at one point but not anymore, the pepperoni pizza is not even on the pizza, they shred it or something, looks like just a cheese pizza, tacky and not worth it!!
5	awesome service!!  got the wrong pizza via delivery and when we called they fixed it and sent the right one....thanks guys!!
4	I like to order from this place when I get pizza to go, I have never used their delivery service so I cannot comment on that.  I usually order their x large peperoni and pick it up.  it is only 12.50 plus tax.  the crust is thin and crisp with some chew, sauce is tasty, the peperoni is what you would expect and they actually put enough cheese on the pizza so you can taste the cheese...  If you like thin crust NY style pizza you can't go wrong here.
5	Amazing pizza and wings and great sevice!! The Italian Stallion in Awesome.  My favorite pizza place to go to now.
4	We've only tried the Pizza Bianco, regular pepperoni pizza and wings, but so far... they are really good. We ordered from them several times. Wings could be cooked a little longer as I like my wings just a little more crispy and NOT having all that chicken fat slim. We tried the XXL pizza for a party and well that was just doughy... I like that I can order all drum sticks for the wings and love the bbq/spicy mix. Try them, I think you'll be a fan too.
4	My boyfriend and I are new to Mesa, and just randomly found this place. It's awesome! The pizza came with tons of toppings on it, the caprese salad was delicious and they delivered it all in under 45 minutes.
4	Yum! Portions here are huge. I've never actually ordered an entire pizza. I usually the slice and boneless buffalo wing combo. Good eating and a fair price.
4	Great pizza great service.  This location is the smallest one compared to their other locations. I always have a great experience eating at any of their locations.
2	Definitely not a NY style pizza. Not even close. Try Buonos much better. Have eaten here a few times with co-workers and all items are pretty crappy. Today I had the baked Ziti and the bread looked as if it was scorched by a flame thrower. Black and hard - GROSS. I will not be ordering again.
5	I just moved to the Mesa area and was super excited to find out that Venezias is so close! I am a fan of pizza in general, but this place really knocks it out of the park. The crust is phenomenal and the toppings are fresh. They have lots of coupons available and that is how I get the best deals, so make sure you look online and in the mail. Recommendations: - Vegetarian Style (Mushrooms, green peppers, onions, black olives and tomatoes.)- Margherita pizza (Mozzarella, fresh basil and sauce.)  - Pepperoni and Olive (Good old stand-by! Their pepperoni's rock!)If you are looking for a lighter side: - Garden Salad & Antipasto Salad are my two fav's. Must order sides: - Garlic Bread with cheese (Sometimes I just get this and a side garden salad, YUM!)**FYI: There is a 10" Gluten Free option as well which is awesome!**I have always received great service at this location, the food is always delicious and the prices are very reasonable (with coupons.) I normally go into the store and pick it up myself or eat there, I have yet to order delivery since I live close and like saving the buck to grab it up myself.
5	Wow...best customer service by far!! Placed a pick up order, haven't been placed one in awhile. Place was busy, I could tell everyone busting tale in there. Well I got home and got someone else's wings by mistake. I called to let them know and they drove my order of wings right over....never have I been offered this service!! This just might be my new favorite pizza place...pizza=yumm!! Wings=yumm!!  And they obviously care about their customers!!!
1	If your looking for quick, cheap pizza then by all means come here!  Meat lovers pizza was saturated with grease. Mariners sauce was from a can, just opened 15 minutes ago!   If you have even the slightest palate, this is NOT Italian food!
1	After 7 years I have given up on this place. Pizza has gone down hill and prices have soared. Must be I am not alone, They seem to be advertising a lot to bring business back.
4	Great pizza and wings!!! We just moved to the area and thought we would  tried this place out. Turns out it was a great idea! Not much of a "eat in"type place, but cozy is good sometimes. Staff was very helpful over the phone and when I picked pizza up they were great! I will be back!!
5	Best pizza that I've had since moving to AZ! The two slice special is legit! Great value, a huge portion, and delicious! Glad I gave it a try, I will definitely be back!
3	The pizza is really good here.  On the down side a hand dryer in the restroom instead of paper towels is not very hygienic. I hope they have paper towels for the guy making my pizza to wash his hands with.
5	Excellent pizza and wings!They need a location in Avondale or Goodyear!!! please....
5	My favorite pizza place in AZ. Always get a huge slice of cheese, always hot & fresh, great sauce, perfect amount of cheese and some hot wings which are awesome and very hot which is fine by me but if u don't like too spicy I suggest medium,  and a drink for just over $7, can't beat it. Come here at least once a week live closer to McKellips location but always drive to this one. Different owners or management I don't know but you can judge for yourself, it's worth the drive!
4	Good ny style greasy pie. X-tra slices, i have never seen sausage cut like pepperoni . Take out fries are soggy, but it's take out. Don't hesitate to stop in and grab some pizza, not many in the area to choose from, but I'd say this one is the best.
4	Crust & ranch are the best! Slice specials arn't bad. Good place for lunch. Highly recommend. Only Pizza place in town that's actually worth spending money.
5	This is a great place. Food is awesome and the staff is fun.  The dining area is too small but it makes a fun place to eat.
2	I've been a fan of Venezias since moving to east Mesa several years ago.  However, I have experienced a slow decrease in quality over the past year.   Most recently, I ordered a small greek salad with no onions and one order of honey BBQ wings for pick-up.  What I picked up was a greek salad loaded with onions and mediocre wings that had been cooked long before my order.  I've had better frozen wings from my freezer and I could have made a salad myself in less time than it took to pick the onions out of my ordered salad.  My recommendation is to stick to the pizza here.  Oh and if you want a cup of ice or water, expect to pay fountain drink prices.
1	Most of the time we get good pizza from this restaurant. However, the last three times we ordered chicken wings they were dry and almost inedible! I don't know what's gong on with this location lately, but these chicken wings AREN'T CHEAP, so if I'm going to pay top dollar for a dozen I should at least be able to bite into them. So my advice is order the pizza, it's pretty good, but the chicken wings HORRIBLE!!!!
1	Use to be great now is just overpriced average Arizona pizza and wings. The wings are now "market price" I thought that only existed in steakhouses and seafood restaurants. Just ordered from them on 10/12/14 and the order of wings was 9 total. I had to call and find out what the heck happened. Glad that Bella Pizza opened across the street better prices and no where near as long of a wait for an order.
4	I like the PIZZA!!!  I also really dig their house dressing and the tiramisu is to die for!!!! Well almost, it's really pretty good. Wings for me are disappointing. I'd like to find a consistently good wing place, haven't so far. Being from Buffalo I do have some high expectations. I've never done their delivery so no idea there.  Staff sometimes is a bit curt but hey their a busy pizza joint, no big deal....
4	I'd give them 5 stars, buuuut... if you don't specifically ask for crispy pizza crust, then it comes out pretty soggy. It turned me off the 1st time. Decided to give them 2nd chance (asked to bake it a smidge longer for crispy crust) and it turned out fabulously!
2	Venezias makes delicious food - that's why I keep going back, and if that was the subject of this review, they would get at least a 4.  Unfortunately, this review is the result of the past three to go orders this year being fulfilled incorrectly.I'm not sure if their employees don't care or maybe some are a part of an illiteracy hiring program, but it's getting to be ridiculous (if it will allow me to attach a picture, I will).My most recent order was for a turkey sub on whole wheat, no onions and with a side of italian dressing.  When my husband went to pick it up, I asked him to double check that they included the dressing because the last two times they forgot.  I'm glad that I did, because it wasn't included (again).Then, when he got home we discovered that they gave him a turkey on white, with onions and taped to it was a receipt in large print: Italian [dressing], wheat [bread], no onions.First world problems, I know.  "My delicious food isn't what I ordered."I may still order from them, but I do hope in the future they give READING THE ORDER the old college try.
4	Good pizza.  You're in Arizona.  You should know how rare that is.  I've been multiple times and they haven't done anything wrong.If the ovens were hotter, you'd make better pizza.  But this ain't New Haven, so what do you expect?
5	Until I stopped eating out so much, I ate here at least once a week. Now it's once every few weeks. This store has great staff -- manager Chad is the bomb! The recent remodel expanded their seating, and it's easy to see why the other neighborhood pizza spots have closed down or struggled. The pizza and pasta here are great, the wings are very good and the sandwiches (while pricey) are outstanding. I have several out-of-state visitors each year and we never fail to stop at Venezias for a slice special. If they are lucky enough to hit the spot at the start of their visit, they always get in another meal before heading back home. If they don't go until shortly before their departure, they ask me, "hey! why didn't you take us here sooner!"
5	Yum! Love this place! We recently moved super close to a location so it's our new go to. We enjoy the pizza combos, wings, Mac n cheese bites, and desserts. Staff is helpful but not always the most chipper
5	Favorite casual pizza place! I always get the pesto chicken slice and a Greek salad. The pizza is great if you like the New York style where it's thin but not so crispy that it doesn't flop down. Salads are fresh, I've had the wings as well and they're okay but you definitely come here for the pizza. Never had a bad experience at Venezia's and I've been to the Chandler and Tempe locations as well.
