5	I present to you the brand spankin' new South Side Winghart's!That sounded like it's my place, right?  It's not... but it IS my jam!  I will not mess around with this review.  Winghart's is still thee best burger in the Burgh!  Their meat is fresh and you can tell.  Their fries are spectacularly crispy and delicious.  But the new digs...Gorgeous!  Just what the Market Square Winghart's so direly needed... SPACE!  It's huge inside with seating for what I suspect has to be around 80 people, along with a very long bar.  The beer offerings look to be even more wide and varied than the M2 location as well.  I do wish they would have kept Arsenal Cider on tap here, but I assume they rotate out, so hopefully it will be back!One thing I will note that I like about the M2 location is that it's fun to sit right in front of the grill.  I like the cooks and staff at that location and it's fun to chat with them while they cook and see the "process."  I do miss that, but jeez, the SPACE South Side allows will be amazing for that crowd.  I did hear a little secret on why their fries are crispy amazingness.  I guess they fry them twice in peanut oil.  And my secret, they have some fancy schmancy burgers (The Shipwreck is hard to avoid) but I keep it real with just a good old fashion cheddar burger because I actually want to TASTE the burger!  So go here my friends and be merry and eat lots of meat!  Oh, their pizza's are bomb too:)
5	I never knew a burger could be so tasty (and large!!).  Seriously.  I love a burger place that is an ACTUAL burger place that asks you how you want your burger cooked (medium-rare, please!  I walk on the wild side).  That's when you know you're in for something special.  I'm one of those froo-froo nancy ladies that eats the burger without the bun, so I really got to experience THE BURGER in its unadulterated deliciousness.  It was... sogood.  Moist, flavorful, toppings were not overpowering (I did the mushroom one with the mustard sauce), and just all-around damn good.As Rachel C said, the secret to the fries is double frying.  Here's another secret.  Share with a friend.  Seriously, they bring you so many fries.  ...or maybe don't share with a friend (LAY OFF ME, I'M STARVING).I also like that they organize their beers on tap in order from light to dark, no guesswork, and they are happy to let you try out a sip of something before you commit to a whole glass, which is awesome.Wingharts is now #2 in my favorites list for the SS.  I'll be dreaming about that burger until my next trip to PA...
5	My wife and I finally checked out the new Winghart's in Southside and I walked away beyond satisfied!The place is really chill and the staff was cool. We sat at the bar, and had really good service. The bartender was attentive and nice. I do wonder how Winghart's service would be during a busier day, but they seemed to be doing a great job with all of the takeout orders and people at the tables/bar.The food was simply excellent and the beer/whiskey selection should make most people happy. I got the Shipwrecked Burger and it was seriously awesome! I ordered a medium burger, and they actually cooked it perfectly...while I shouldn't be surprised about that, too many places get a medium wrong. There was so much flavor in the burger, and the toppings on the Shipwrecked (brie, bacon, arugula, caramelized onions, white truffle aioli) just took it over the top for me. The fries are also excellent! Perfectly cooked and lightly seasoned.My wife ordered the chili and the margherita pizza. Both were very good. Not nearly on par with the burger I ate, but I  would probably order either myself if I ended up at Winghart's and wasn't in the mood for a burger.Let's just hope this new location can maintain the quality of service and food going forward, as I expect to be there quite a bit now.
5	Great Burger (Shipwreck burger ordered medium rare), Great Beer selection, with a good whiskey selection (doesnt seem to be as well versed as Piper's Pub).  Burger was quite amazing; On par if not better than BRGR and Burgatory, but instead of shakes, they have a better beer and whiskey selection.
5	I first discovered Winghart's in Market Square about six months ago. I almost instantly fell in love with the place (you can ask my jealous girlfriend). From the hand ground burgers with toppings as unique and quirky as the people serving you, a red blooded red meat eater like myself had little to complain about and much to love.The new Carson Street location is every bit as good as the restaurant in M2 but in very different ways.The food is spectacular as ever (so good I often question why they are even bothering to ask about the quality) and now you actually have room to eat! The new Winghart's seats approximately 50 at a mixture of industrial chic and hardwood tables and bar. This is a welcome departure from the original that seats about 20 if you squeeze in. The comfortable, relaxed and welcoming atmosphere has made the move as well. Staff are friendly and helpful with Grand Viceroy Shipwreck (actual title and name) still firmly at the helm. The cool punk/folk/altrock music came along for the ride too. I remember hearing everything from Dropkick Murphys to Johnny Cash. The beer selection is also fantastic. While not quite as expansive as Fat Head's or Blue Dust in Homestead, Winghart's is now sporting about 30 taps as opposed to maybe 10 like Market Square. As always, the whiskey selection is well above par (it is a whiskey bar after all) and all the drinks are reasonably priced as well. Now on to the main event: the food. Ask anyone who knows me and they will tell you I am not a tiny guy and I love my food. Burgers have always been at the top of my list of loves. A great burger is somhing that is so easy to so and just as easy to screw up. Winghart's has, hand to God, some of the best burgers I have ever had. Period. Owner Zach Winghart cut his teeth working for some of the best chef's in the country (including one of seven U.S. Masters) and brought his passion and skill to the most humble of American staples. The burgers themselves are perfectly seasoned, fresh ground and expertly cooked. I get mine medium rare and they have that perfect juiciness and firmness. Don't forget about the fries while you are there. All orders are done a la carte, but they are well worth it. Winghart's does their fries right: hand-cut and double fried. The double fry is key. It produces a spud that has a wonderfully crispy exterior that guards a creamy and delicious interior. Also, and I realize that this is somewhat of a revelation in Pittsburgh, Winghart's *gasp* SEASONS their fries! I have waited the better part of a year since moving here to find properly cooked and seasoned fries. Sorry Primanti Bros., I do love your sandwiches but your fries suck. For and added treat, order your fries somthered in the house made beer cheese. Your arteries will hate you but your soul will love you.To sum up, Winghart's will always hold a special place in my heart. From the fun and friendly staff, to the cool, welcoming, and relaxed atmosphere to burgers and fries that are unrivaled in Pittsburgh, Winghart's is a place that must be experienced. The only negative I can find is that Winghart's closes at some point  in the early morning. Come for the burgers, stay for the people, and leave in a cab because of the whiskey.
4	As the name implies, this is a bar on the southside.  Being as such there is not a plethora of seating, but my party had no problem getting a small table when we showed up Wednesday night.As I looked at the menu I realized that I had to go for their namesake, so I ordered a Denny Double Bleu Burger, an order of fries, and a Bushmill's on the rocks.  The staff was friendly and accommodating, but the food took a little time to come out from when we ordered.Oh, but when it did come out I dug in and it was delicious.  The burger was cooked exactly to order, juicy and tender.  The bleu cheese dressing with the crumbles was bleu cheese overkill.  Just the way I like it.  The fries were some of the best fries I've ever had.  They were crispy, yet big enough to have some substance and were seasoned very well.  The only thing I can complain about is the bun.  Don't get me wrong, it's an adequate bun, but it's more bread-like than bun-like.  It has a light and airy texture and I like my burger buns to be a little denser.All in all, Winghart's was a great little bar to go to for a burger and whiskey and I think that might be what they were going for.
4	Winghart's has been on my to-try list since the Market Square location opened. When I started working in the South Side, I was thrilled to discover this new location, and I finally got to try it last night.The atmosphere was pretty great; casual and not too crowded. The tables are still really close together (not having been to the M2 location, I can't compare) at the front, where the smaller tables for two are located. The larger tables at the back have a bit more space. It's seat yourself when you walk in; we arrived around 5:15pm on a Friday and there were plenty of seats available. Just FYI: The very first table next to the front door has an AC vent pointed right at it; great if you're hot, not if you don't want a cool breeze on ya! The music is pretty loud, but not so loud we couldn't talk... and it IS a bar, so. Plus, the tunes were good (Bowie!), so I wasn't complaining.Our server was extremely friendly and checked in right away as I waited for my friend to arrive. I ordered an Ace Pear Cider on draft, which really hit the spot. My friend is super picky about drinks and doesn't want her alcohol to taste like alcohol, so the server helped her find something she'd like. Initially my friend ordered an Amaretto and Coke, but they didn't have amaretto. Before we left, they went and got a bottle so she was able to have the drink she wanted. Pretty impressive, IMO.We were really there for the food, though. I love a good burger and I couldn't wait to try the Shipwrecked Burger. I ordered mine medium rare, as I always do. My friend got the Tallulah Hula Burger, no onions, medium well (I know). When the burgers arrived, mine was much closer to medium, which may have been a result of waiting around for my friend's medium well. My friend noted that there was some onion residue on her burger (she's really sensitive to the taste) and thinks they may have initially put them on and then scraped them off.My burger was good, but not omg great. My expectations may have been too high, but it was just... a good burger. The white truffle aioli came through and was delicious; however, the whole thing was really, really salty. And I drink pickle brine, so when I say it was salty, I mean it. The beef flavor didn't really come through. Yes, I know I ordered a burger with a ton of toppings, but at e.g. Tessaro's, even with 900 things on the burger, you can still taste the beef really well.The fries, to me, were overcooked -- really brown and a little dry, and again, super salty. They did have an intriguing sweetness to them; I'm not sure if it was a brine they were soaked in or just the contrast of potato flavor against all the salt. Didn't love them.Overall, I'd give the food three stars, and that made me a bit sad. Tessaro's is, IMO, still the best burger in the 'burgh, and I like Burgatory better, too. But the service was definitely five-star, and the atmosphere was nice, hence the overall four-star rating. I didn't try my friend's burger but she ate it all, so she must've liked it fine (after she picked off the remaining onion bits).I'll go back, because it's convenient to work and it was so nice and relaxed. I'll have another burger, too, since I don't want to render a final judgement based on just one visit.
1	I may try Winghart's again and edit my rating if my 2nd visit is better, but my 1st visit made me feel like I had just listened to Metallica's "St Anger" record; like a disappointed seventeen year old. I ordered the shipwreck burger, medium rare. The toppings on this burger are awesome, but my burger came out well done. I purposely ordered a medium rare because I wanted it medium, and I know that joints like Burgatory and this place tend to overcook their burgers slightly. Of course when it came out well done I was incensed. The place doesn't really have a drink menu, or a beer list. I asked the waiter for a beer recommendation and he said "well, I don't drink." That's like going to a furniture store, asking the sales associate "How is this bed?" And he responds with "I don't know, I sleep on a futon." The fries were fine. Overall, this was a disappointing meal, ruined by poor execution by the front of the house (shoddy service), back of the house (comically overcooked burger), and management (no drink menu or beer list printed, hiring less-than-excellent staff). Uhhh, more like Wingfarts LOLOLOL!!!111
5	The new location is just as good as the old one! Except more convenient for me!When I ordered my burger rare I got the "Just so you know, our rare burgers are ACTUALLY rare, so they're basically raw meat" warning, which is the best. I also ordered the Shipwreck burger, like always, which is also the best. I kind of want to try a different one next time but I know I never will because the Shipwreck burger is like, the best burger of all time. There's a reason everyone talks it up so much...because it's good as hell. No overratedness here whatsoever.For your first visit, let me make things simple: Rare Shipwreck + Beer cheese fries. And a few good beers. Do it!
5	Winghart's is totally the cat's pajamas!So many friends have told me to check out Winghart's, but seeing as I'm rarely ever downtown in Market Square, I knew it would've taken me quite a while. That being said, the minute I heard about them opening a location in the Southside, I was ecstatic. I was a bit apprehensive at first, seeing as a) I'm not big on burgers (veg-head here!) and b) even one swig of whiskey can make this lightweight ill! Given that, I was still mega impressed by everything they had to offer.I went with pizza and got "The Boomer" (sounds like a real winner with a name like that, right?) sans bacon. It was a white pizza with mushroom, brie (OMGIWANTALLTHEBRIE), caramelized onions, arugula, and truffle aioli (OMGTRUFFLE). It. was. amazing. I felt a bit decadent getting a brie and truffle pizza, so readers/eaters (reaters) beware! It may be too rich to handle for one person. Admittedly, seeing as I'm an unapologetic glutton, I ate the entire thing. Goodbye, arteries!Their beer selection here is also on point. Not only do they have a huge variety, they had my absolute favorite cider, Crispin! I was pleasantly surprised, since the only other place I've seen it in Pittsburgh is at Belvedere's in LoLa. Prices here are fair too, especially given the quality and quantity of what you get. Do your tastebuds a favor and check out Winghart's!
5	WOW... This place actually is all it is hyped up to be.  Now myself is usually an avid fan of the "build your own burger" spot in Pittsburgh that I shall not name, but honestly, this place competes for the number 1 burger place in my heart.  Oh yeah!? did I mention the atmosphere and interior of this place is absolutely drop dead gorgeous.  I have already made it a point to make this place a stop on my 21st birthday celebration.Usually having the wrong order brought out to me would lower my rating, but for here it just raised it that much more because they let me keep the burger and brought out another one.  I legitimately ate two and a half burgers.  Oh yeah, and I had a side and a half of coleslaw.  Let's just say the people I go to eat with do not have as big of stomachs as I do.Both burgers I had were excellent.  The Market Square's homemade mustard was top notch, and the Shipwreck burger was all around amazing.  Seriously, if you go here, you have got to get the Shipwreck.  Believe me, and believe the city of Pittsburgh: this place is one of the best burger spots in Pittsburgh, and the shipwreck has officially become one of my favorite burgers of all time.
4	Very solid place. As a burger and bourbon fan this place hit the spot. I've been to both locations and I personally prefer the downtown location but again, it's just a personal opinion on an opinion based website.  The Southside location feels more like a bar and the downtown location is more of a burger/pizza joint.Burgers are great. I recommend getting it cooked medium rare.  You can either create your own or order one of their handful of craft burgers.  Along with the many whiskeys they offer they have just as many draft beers available.
5	Tons of great craft beers deff should try the cone head summer wheat. Some of the best French fries and with the beer cheese absolutely perfect. My shipwreck burger was amazing deff plan on coming back to try more.
5	Winghart's was one of my Pittsburgh bookmarks when I got into town last week, but I wasn't sure if I'd make it there or not. Fortunately, thanks to Ken M persuading me to "take one for the team" and check it out, I was re-inspired to make a stop. Let's just say, it was one of the best decisions of my week. Having not eaten lunch, I stopped by mid-afternoon with a big appetite, craving for one their great burgers I keep reading about. The first thing I learned is this is their second location, on the South Side. The original spot is located across the river downtown.  As mentioned before, I knew I wanted a burger, but looked at the menu...well, card, of selections anyway. They don't mess around here; you're either getting a burger, a pizza or salad. There are about six variations of each or you can create your own. I eyed the "Mattola Burger" which is described as "two 1/2 lb. beef patties with applewood smoked bacon and American cheese." Two 1/2 patties? Wow! I was hungry, but didn't necessarily have a death wish. Thankfully, you can order a "half" variety and I went with that. I also ordered a pint of Dark Horse Fore Smoked Stout, but didn't get any sides (extra) thinking the burger itself would be good enough. Wow, was it ever! The medium cooked burger, made from fresh ground beef, was large, juicy and delicious. Plus, the bacon was actually cut up into small pieces and grilled with the cheese. Just thinking about it again it making me hungry! I envy the Duke here.
4	Good selection of beers, good bar tenders, and huge, juicy, creative, delicious burgers.
5	Clearly superior to the one downtown. Had a deliciously medium rare burger there last night and it was perfect! I declare this to be my new favorite pittsburgh establishment. The music was good, the food was delicious and the beer was ice cold!Excite!
4	This may sound crazy but... the VEGGIE BURGER IS INCREDIBLE. Seriously. I thought I was going to hate myself during every bite... yearning for the meaty goodness but NO! It was a portobello/falafel patty with this sexy spinach artichoke spread, olives, and feta ($9). My bf got a burger and it was actually cooked the way he asked! Shocker! The patty was delicious and fresh.Only bummers- the beer list only says names- not styles, prices or ABV. Also, the burgers are fairly spendy and don't come with any sides. All and all- I'll be back.
5	The Shipwreck burger is one of the best burger's in the city.  The South Side location has much more space and atmosphere than the Market District location.  They also have an amazing microbrew selection on draft.
5	Oh, Winghart's, how do I love thee, let me count the mouthfuls!After becoming a diehard fan of those beefy amazing burgers in the downtown hole-in-the-wall, with the pleasant staff and the cramped quarters, I had a friend in from out of town, and I decided to not only introduce her to the beefy deliciousness, but to also check out venue number two on the South Side...and these guys have firmly slammed the hammer down on the carnival thingy and sent the puck all the way up to ring the bell. They are the clear winners!The first thing I had to say to the hostess when I walked in was...SPACE!!!!!It is large, attractive and comfortable, and there is enough space to find a seat...together.  You could even go with a group of four, six, or maybe even eight, and find a place to sit TOGETHER.As for the food, nothing is different from the downtown location.  Both locations serve up the best real burgers in town, with decent prices, tons of flavor, and the way you like it.  It's the same menu available in a space with more breathing room.We did order their special side dish of the day which was a mac-n-cheese creation that was creamy, cheesy and absolutely artery clogging yum! I had the Market Square burger, and my friend had the 'empty' burger, which was just a plain undressed burger on the bun.  Carl, our waiter was genuinely friendly and helpful, and seemed like he could become your next best friend. One thing that I have noticed in both locations is that the people who work there, for the most part, genuinely seem to LIKE being a part of Winghart's. Blue, the downtown manager is an awesome guy, and so was Carl. Good food and good prices always keep my attention and my return business...add a friendly staff...and I am SO there.I really can't rave about the food more than I already have in the original review I wrote for the downtown shop.  But this new location is spot-on what Winghart's needed and deserved.  Congratulation guys, on a job consistently well done!
5	Love this bar - great food, owner is super nice, cooks your food right in front of you and asks how you like it. My only reservation is that they have a particularly fruity draft beer selection with no bottles, and although I love a good draft, I'm not a big fan of beer that tastes like candy. I'll be sad to not be able to stop by as much after I finish my internship downtown this summer, but it'll definitely be my go-to place for dinner and drinks whenever I'm downtown.
4	Please order the burger... Please order the burger....You know there's a reason this place is call  Winghart's BURGER and Whiskey Bar!Do you trust me or all these yelp reviews? I am begging you, the waitress is suggesting and your wife is pleading to you to order a burger... even one of the plain one...  No... my travel mate insist on ordering a Pizza!! WTF! As I ignoring him forcing himself trying to stuff that dried and burnt whole wheat like Sweet Georgia Brown Wood Fired Pizza ($9.75) down his throat with a glass of water .. I just want to say you deserved that!My Shipwreck Burger ($12) is just so so good!! My medium rare cooked patty is topped with brie cheese, caramelized onions with bacon, arugula, and white truffle aioli. Yes it is juicy.. it is cooked perfectly and it is worth every penny!Sucker you! Stop looking at MY burger.. and stop asking me to help you eat your pizza... I rather have another pint of my kick ass Thirsty dog Siberian Night Stout with 9.6% ABV! Trust me.. you don't want to mess with me after I have one of those! Super friendly service!! I will be back!! As there are 30 different drafts on tap... and I have not even start on the whiskey.. Maybe I should have order the WHISKEY! It is call a whiskey bar.. Fail!!
4	Last year, I stuffed myself at BRGR.  ("You gotta try Winghart's!" I was told.)Last spring, I then scarfed down at Burgatory.  ("But you gotta try Winghart's!" I was told again.)Last month, I chomped some chow at Tessaro's. ("Hey, dumb-dumb, what about Winghart's?")Hmm...where should I go now to try the best burger in Pittsburgh?  Uhm... I think I've heard this place called Winghart's might be worth a shot.  And no, there are no wings!Our group had the Shipwrecked (Brie cheese, caramelized onions, bacon, arugula, white truffle aioli), the Mattola (applewood smoked bacon and American cheese), and the Market Sq (Bacon, mushrooms, and gruyere cheese) burgers.  It was a food frenzy. There was a lot of smacking, snorting, snuffing, and slurping.  Don't judge me, unless you've had these burgers.  Or the crunchy fries.For those that have toddlers, it's definitely not kid-friendly.  There are some high chairs, but most of the tables are bar tables and stools, that are even taller than the high chairs!  But my kid is a trooper, and she enjoyed picking the leftovers off my leg. #goodparenting So...BRGR, Tessaro's, Burgatory, Winghart's... who has the best burger?  That Shipwrecked burger was just this smooth, greasy, cheesy, burger explosion in the mouth.  That's tough to beat.
3	I don't understand the hype. I got the "deluxe" burger for $12 and while good, was not exceptionally filling and the onions were overcooked. The veggie patty they use is pretty nice though, and the buns were well made.The trend of "fancy" burger restaurants can get hit by a bus. It's a burger. Whoopy.
1	I got the chicken pizza and it was bland and burnt to a crisp. This is the 2nd time I ate there and both times the quality was more "greasy bar food". They try to hype up the quality but anyone with taste buds can tell you the quality of ingredients is extremely low.Worst part was it took over an hour (I was on a lunch break) which made me late for a meeting.
4	Stopped into this place somewhat randomly for a couple drinks on a Thursday evening.  1.  The place is beautiful.  Nice decorating with an edgy feel.  2.  Excellent draft selection.  Nice mix of local/obscure with some seasonal for good measure.3.  Friendly service!4.  The place was great without being a "scene" if that makes sense. The food also looked great although I can't comment on that.  I'm looking forward to a return trip to check out the food.  Nice addition to the South Side offerings.
4	Winghart's is a welcome player in the ever-growing game of upscale burger joints.  While I have had some awesome burgers at other restaurants around the city that don't necessarily specialize in burgers (Tessaro's in Bloomfield, Remedy in Lawrenceville, and Six Penn in the Cultural District- try them all!), Winghart's is definitely the winner among those that claim fame in burger making.My boyfriend and I came to the South Side location after a botched attempt to go to the Market Square one which is currently under renovations and I am so happy we made the extra little jaunt to the South Side instead of letting our hungry stomachs take us astray somewhere else downtown.I tried the Shipwreck burger after reading many of the previous reviews on here and it did not disappoint! Gooey brie all mixed up with caramelized onions, bacon, arugula, and white truffle aioli (hooray for fancy mayo!) to compliment a GIANT beef patty on the perfect bun.  I was honestly so preoccupied with my own massive feast that I don't remember what exactly my boyfriend got but i tried a bite of it and it was cheesy, delicious, and spicy.  Pro's: - Awesome creative burger combinations served in a plastic wrapper to keep it all from becoming a giant mess while you eat it- Great fries to boot (a necessary combo with any burger)- Great draft and liquor selection- Friendly staffCon's:- Place was not crowded and took a LONG time for our food to come out- Ordered my burger medium and it came out well-done (saved because it was still juicy, but I like my cows still mooing! Will have to remember to opt for medium rare next time)- Tables at the front of the restaurant are not good for eating they are super skinny and long... and there are not many tables in the back.  We sat at the bar which was fine because it was not crowded on a Wednesday night but could have been annoying on a busier weekend
4	Nice place, definitely nicer than the MSq, but I do like to watch the cooks at MSq.  Love the long bar and the beer selection.  If your into whiskey you are in luck. Concentrated on the burger, that is why you come isn't it?  No sides to distract!  They really know their beef!  A fresh ground great burger.  The I Don't Care. Whatever burger is so delicious with so many great flavors...love the pepper jack and bleu cheese sharpness to go with the jalapenos and pepperonicini.  So juicy and tasty!  Cooked perfectly.  Congrats to the kitchen!
2	Winghart's is yet another addition to specialty burger places in Pittsburgh. They have a very nice beer selection, and the service was fast and friendly. After an appetizer of Tatonka dip, my wife and I split the shipwreck burger which has brie, caramelized onions with bacon, arugula, and white truffle aioli. We got it cooked medium, and it came out more medium rare inside and well done outside. I was expecting more flavors from all the amazing toppings, but I think they were shadowed by the burnt outside of the patty. The fresh cut fries were some of the best I've ever had anywhere.One big complaint is that they only give you enough pita wedges for half of the buffalo dip. She came by when we were finishing one of the last ones, and said, "Would you like more pita? It's $1.99". So they knowingly do this just to get an extra $2 out of you. For this reason, I'm dropping them to 2 stars. It's just a really shady business practice.
3	Not a bad place. People were very friendly in there. I ordered a jack and coke for $5.75 and I got it in a little tiny sipping cup. I wasn't thrilled about that so I had to order double jack &cokes the rest of the night which was a little expensive. Overall wasn't bad
4	I was very pleased with the burger I ate at Winghart's. I ordered the "Shipwrecked" burger and the combination of brie, caramelized onions, aioli and arugula was a perfect foil for a fresh, high-quality patty of medium-rare ground beef. The patty was cooked perfectly to temp, and the bun was substantial enough to stand up well to the burger and toppings.Our server was friendly and attentive, and I liked the decor and ambience of the bar, sort of a rocker vibe.
5	Best burgers we have ever had. Fast and friendly staff and the food hot. You may have to wait for a table, but it is worth the wait.
5	Holy moley. A friend and I decided to come here on a whim after seeing the Book of Mormon. Being around 11pm, it was pretty late for Pittsburgh, and we didn't feel like paying an arm and a leg to go eat at some of the nicer (but still super delicious!) places Downtown. Deciding to try Winghart's was one of my best decisions ever.I saw on my Yelp app that this place has decent reviews, but now I know they don't fully encapsulate the awesomeness of this place. We walked in and asked to sit to eat, and even though they were considering closing the kitchen early, they fired everything up for us as needed, with zero resentment and constant friendliness.We sat at a bar open to the grill area, so we watched all of our food being made in front of us. The fries were unbelievable, and my burger was cooked to true medium-rare perfection. It was actually a little rarer than I would normally order it most other places, but the meat was such melt-in-your-mouth quality goodness that I had no qualms and just chowed down. My friend's "burger" was a chicken sausage patty, and it was also fantastic (but obviously fully-cooked).(Almost) Even better than the food were the people there. Our cook was a huge yinzer, and told some pretty entertaining stories as we ate. Definitely not for kids, but I don't know why you'd be out with your kids at 11pm on a Wednesday.This is the kind of place where I feel like you'd always wind up in conversation with someone, be it the people who work there or the guy eating a burger next to you at the bar. Winghart's makes me want to hang out in Downtown more, since I know I'll have an awesome meal waiting for me at some point during the night.
1	Food is great. However they made my burger wrong. Then the waiter told me the manager was busy. I got the check and the burger was still on there the waiter said the manager was busy and that he would most likely have to pay for my burger. I told him I would talk to the manager he said don't bother. I gave money for the total check and told him once he removes the burger he would have a 25% tip. Then we walked out. So if you want to eat at Wingharts go downtown this one sucks.
5	The Shipwreck Burger is the second best burger I've had in the United States, without question.  Believe the hype.I came to this location because the Market Square shop was undergoing major renovations and was closed for several weeks.  I'm glad I did; I absolutely love the neighborhood, which Winghart's blends right in to.  The seedy interior was complementary to the food, which came from the kitchen perfectly cooked- medium rare, of course!I stopped by during lunch, and while the place was disconcertingly empty, the waitstaff was pleasant and attentive, and took the time to chat with myself and my coworker.They have a pretty well-stocked bar, and next time I'm in the area I'll make sure to take advantage of it.
1	Menu sounded great burgers just cooked wrong. Manager had a bad attitude.
5	Seeing 1 star ratings here and wondering if these people could have possibly gone to the same place I did called Winghart's.  is there another one in the South Side I don't know about?  Maybe without the apostrophe?  I realize we can have a bad experience even at a good place, but really?  1 star?  I'm scratching my head.  Winghart's may be the best burger joint Pittsburgh has to offer.  The burger itself is on par with Benjamin's in the North Side, arguably better.  The bartender was cool and unassuming.  Their fine selection of bourbons, scotch, canadian and irish whiskies, and craft beers is a bonus.  Oh, and the fries were pretty awesome too.This place has raised the bar and set the standard for the growing burger trend.  Now i just need to check out the one in Market Sq and decide which is the best Winghart's.
1	I have never sent food back in my life, but my Shipwrecked burger I asked for medium came raw. I sent it back and the bartender told me "Don't you know beef are the cleanest animal." I know raw ground beef is not safe to eat even though I like my steaks on the raw side. She then said, "I guess you're one of those people that knows everything." I'm a judge advocate in the Marine Corps out with my buddy trying to remember the holiday for the right reasons, and we had to put up with this. The burger came back after a half asked re-firing on the same lettuce and bun. It was still raw. The beer selection - I had two - was nice, but I left immediately after. With competent service this place would at least be acceptable, but this experience nearly ruined my Memorial Day evening.
1	We have been to Brgr and Burgatory. They both have far superior burgers. We even prefer Red Robin to this place. We went at lunchtime when two other tables had customers (one had two, the other had four). We waited ten minutes to place our orders, 15 minutes to receive a simple appetizer and another 15 minutes for our burgers. Everything we ate was EXTREMELY salty. The burgers were too well done for all of us, even though we all ordered them at different stages of doneness. The four of us will not return.
4	Winghart's Southside is a diamond in the rough. Light crowds with phenomenal food and a diverse and competitive tap selection. Staff is friendly and will show you a good time if you aren't a complete jerk. Other than the fact than the waitresses and bartenders are restricted to wearing boring company t-shirts and aren't free to show the goods, Winghart's is a real treat.
5	Loved the atmosphere in this place. Whiskey BBQ wings were great - super crispy and flavorful. Couldn't decide between a lonely burger or a hula burger...decisions, decisions. I chose the regular lonely burger to really taste the beef and, while it was really good, I was left wondering what I was missing with the caramelized onions and pineapple on the other burger. I will have to return to try the other!!
5	Visiting from NYC this was the first spot we went to.I had a bacon cheeseburger,my buddy had"I don't know whatever"..food and service was great!.
5	These are the best burgers in pittsburgh, and with a great beer selection, it's a weekly staple in my diet.
5	My dear friend Karl and I went here for dinner. We had the shipwreck burger and a great IPA. It was nothing short of amazing. Karl who was staying on in Pittsburgh went back two or perhaps three more times that week. He also took more friends there. If you want a tasty burger -- you will find it at Winghart's.
2	We went here for the winghart heart attack Pizza. When the pizza came it was  small and had such little bacon on it you could barely taste it very disappointed. Maybe we should have went to the original in Market Square we definitely won't be back here
5	We ate at lots of high end places while in the Burgh.This hole in the wall beats them all.It is SPECTACULAR American food!That's it jus yummy comfort food.O and our server Cornel was a HOTTIE
1	Want to watch the Pens game? No worries...the little puke bartender changes the channel at will and would rather watch The Little Mermaid. Ridiculous.
5	Went here the other night after the movies and with a just pay half coupon burning a hole in my pocket. What we sampled: Arsenal Santa Cinnamon - delicious as expectedFounders Dirty Bastard - this was a recommendation from the bartender and he did not steer me wrong.  Delicious! Shipwreck Burger - out of control good.  I loved it.  Many times truffle anything can be overpowering if they have too heavy of a hand with it, but in this case it just helped to funk up the burger just enough and the patty was amazing.  Also ordered rare and actually received rare!Nadalee Burger - really delicious.  So good I was only able to try a bite, but enough that I could say I understand why I was torn between this one and the one I ordered. Fries with beer cheese and bacon - I am so glad we only ordered one order of fries.  The order was huge and definitely defeated us.  The fries stayed crisp even under the mound of cheese and the bacon was delicious.  This is definitely the best burger I have had to date in Pittsburgh! I can't wait to go back and try out the pizzas which looked delicious as it was delivered to the other diners around us.
5	Burgers (shipwreck! ) and pizzas are great (the boomer probably my favorite pizza in the city). Good Draft selection and great whiskey selection.  Cocktails could selection could be better.  Only downside of this location is lack of seating. Great staff. Will often see owner chatting with customers about whiskeys and scotches.
4	The Matolla Burger (13.50) was quite possibly the best burger I've ever had.  I ordered medium rare and it was juicy and cooked to perfection.  The two half-pound patties made quite the burger and the bun really couldn't handle it.  The burgers don't come with fries so I ordered them as well.  They give you a very large portion of fries and I was barely able to touch them after the burger.  The fries (2.75) were very crispy and some of the best I've had like others have said.There isn't a lot of seating but we arrived at just the right time as it quickly filled up around 5 on Saturday after we sat down.  It would've been difficult had we arrived a little later.  The whiskey list was impressive, of course, but the draft list was not on quite the same level as some other places in South Side.  The special was $2 Saranac Pumpkin Ale though, so I couldn't complain about that.
4	I heard such great things about this place and could not wait to try it out.  A group of us ventured to Southside for Happy Hour last Friday.  That early in the night there was plenty of street parking and we were able to get a large table in the back of the bar.  They have $4 draft happy hour specials and a great list to choose from. I tired a beer I had never had before-a cherry ale that was delicious.  They also had $1.50 PBR pounders which my date went with-could not pass up the great deal! The one thing they do not have is wine-a member of our party tried to order wine and they only have one kind from a box. Well of course this is a whiskey bar so I would expect nothing less!  They have a really unique menu with funnel cake appetizers. We went with the regular one with powder sugar but they also had one you could try with cheese and bacon-not sure if I would like that. We also ordered a pizza that was delicious-it had pineapple and barbeque sauce.  The pita and buffalo chicken dip was another great appetizer I recommend.  The burgers were a bit pricey but heard they are the best in the burgh.  Our friends tried them out and they sure did look tasty!
4	Do not get the spinach and artichoke dip. Do get a burger. An amazingly delicious - quite possibly one of the best burgers you'll ever have in Pittsburgh - burger.I mean, that pretty much sums up all that needs to be said about Wingharts. The south side location has that dark, south side bar type feel to it - exposed  brick and dark wood tables - nice beer selection.The 'Market Square Burger' was a great choice - bacon, mushrooms and gruyere, a winning combo - and cooked to perfection. The meat itself was juicy and flavorful - yum. Fries come a la carte and one order is enough for two or three people - seasoned and crispy good! The pepperoni roll app was great - the spinach and artichoke dip, not so great.Went with a party of five - it did take some time for the burgers to come out, but it was well worth the wait.Heard they have great pizza, too - can't wait to try it! Maybe I'll visit the Market Square location next. :-)
4	Ordered pick up last night and the order was ready in 15 minutes and that is great. I ordered the Shipwreck burger which tasted delicious, but for $12 I could've gone to another burger place in Pittsburgh for half that and still have gotten a tasty burger. However, it was quite convenient and I got my burger fix for the week. Also, it came with beer cheese! Amazing.
5	Very good burgers and friendly attentive service. My husband said the shipwreck burger was very good. Hula burger was also delicious. The white truffle fries were flavorful and maybe an acquired taste.
5	I now see why so many say this place has the best burger in the burg. The freshly ground meat makes the difference. The burger was cooked perfectly and the bun was just as awesome as the meat. Kelly, our barmaid/waitress was awesome too. She makes some killer mixed drinks and the service was great. The only negative thing for me would be the parking and the traffic. But then, I'm from Butler and I'm not very tolerant of the big city congestion.
5	My husband ask me out for a afternoon date. We visited many stores at the strip and he planned a wonderful lunch spot at Winghart's. I have not ordered a burger out in years. We had wonderful customer service from Kelly. She sold the burger and shared the process. The meat is ground daily and the fries take a 4 day process.Our cocktails were spot on. It is rare to find wonderful food and terrific service and good drinks all in one spot. We left a very nice tip as Kelly really deserved it. This establishment was a great time and made my date with my husband of 25 years perfect. We live far from south side but if it is gonna be this good we will be back. There was something to look at everywhere art on the walls an cool decor. I have 2 boys and they would of loved Kelly she was very cute. Thank you yelp. My husband looks at your site for ideas for our dates and this was definitely and good one.
3	I enjoy Winghart's, but they could definitely be better.The burgers are good and of good quality meat.  I've never had a disappointing burger.  They aren't the best burgers in the city, but are very good.The beer selection and pricing is good.  The whiskey selection is amazing.Their fries are horrible.  They are over cooked and over salted.Overall, I'd say Fat Head's or Smiling Moose are better for burgers.  Winghart's is my choice when people want the burgers, beer, and whiskey trifecta.
3	Easily overlooked on Carson, but definitely a gem. I've been here twice before and never had to wait, while nearby restaurants had an hour wait! They serve your standard Pittsburgh bar fare - burgers, wings, fries - but offer some more creative touches to their menu. Definitely get a burger here, they have a combination for every palate. From the basic cheeseburger to the Shipwreck with Brie, caramelized onions, and truffle oil. Fries are ordered separately and easy specialize and split with friends. The seasoned fries are well worth the slight up charge. Only downside is the ambiance, but that is expected in South Side. I would imagine the other location has a more appealing atmosphere.
3	Ship-wrecked burger is great. Mac and cheese is bland. Service was good.
4	The first time I ordered from Winghart's I got take out. I got the 'oly cah burger and it was really good. I didn't have to wait long to get the food and it came with beer cheese, which was really good. The next time I went, I got the Nadalie (I took a picture). It was absolutely delicious. It was messy but it tasted so good. I wish the prices were a bit lower, but overall I like Winghart's. I would eat the Nadalie over and over again.
5	this is the wingharts to eat at.  get the shipwreck and thank me later.
5	The burgers here are fantastic! People are very friendly too, especially Alex, haha, also handsome! The menu is pretty interesting.
4	We were a group of in-a-hurry folks and the service was great. Speedy, efficient and anticipating our needs--even splitting the checks, unasked! Oh, and the burgers? CRAYZY good. Seriously, my mouth is watering a bit just thinking about them.
5	Love Wingharts! Definitely try the Shipwreck Burger! It's won a ton of awards for best burger in PBurgh and the bartenders are so cool. The atmosphere is chill and they have whiskey specials almost every night!!!!
4	The Collin orangutan burger - chicken sausage , carmelized onions, apple, and bacon - was amazingly delicious! The fries I had were hot out of the oven And perfectly crisp with just the right amount of Salt. I've also had the punjabi pie (tikka sauce,mozzerella, and chicken sausage) and it was amazing as well-a very unique menu option. They always have an excellent draft list and the service has always been on point. I've dined with others who have raved about their burgers-in particular the ship wreck burger- too. This is one of my favorite places to go for a quick bite and a beer (or two) when in the southside.
3	Journeyed here for a weekday lunch. Found it to be very welcoming, though a bit on the chilly side for me. We were greeted immediately by the bartender who gave us menus and some time to peruse. When he returned, he took our whole order, including appetizer, drinks, and entrees by memory. A few minutes later, he came back to refresh his memory. Pen and paper are still ok to use, people. Wings:Whiskey BBQ sauce was really salty and did not come close to the BBQ sauce at locations like Mad Mex. They were prepared correctly, however. We will just try a different sauce next time. Burgers:I ordered the special "Kumar" burger, which came topped with tikka Mac and cheese and fried onions. I ordered it med. rare, but it came prepared just beyond medium. Myhusband's was the same. The flavor of the tikka Mac wasn't enough for the burger to stand alone. It needed something else. My suggestion? Ditch the fried onions and replace with grilled veggies! Fries with beer cheese: Perfect. So perfect. Service:Ok, I like to meet people, and perhaps this is what most people want, but the bartender was very extroverted. Again, I don't think this is a bad thing, but I learned a LOT about him in just a short sitting. He was really nice, just maybe a little too much sharing for me. Experience:Overall, pretty good. We've had better there, though.
3	I am disappointed to say I wasn't blown away by wingharts.. Maybe I didn't order the right thing, but I overall felt it was pretty average and nothing that I want to hurry back to. We went on a Sunday evening, it was pretty quiet there compared to a lot of the surrounding bars in the area (which I liked). The place is gorgeous, I have to say that. The unique abstract table tops and the painting around the door on the outside was all done by hand (I watched the guy paint some of it a couple months ago). It's dark, but comfortable at the bar and it's an overall chill atmosphere. My boyfriend ordered a burger, I ordered a falafel sandwich as well as a BBQ chicken pizza to share. My boyfriend enjoyed his burger and was happy that "it didn't fall apart at all" but it didn't blow him away. My falafel sandwich was good but again, nothing fantastic and not something that I would order again. They are known for their brick oven pizzas so I had high expectations. The BBQ chicken pizza was good- thin, crispy crust and topped with Caramelized onions, chicken, sweet BBQ sauce and cheddar cheese. The BBQ sauce was a little overwhelming and took away the flavors of the onions, cheddar cheese and chicken though. Their draft list wasn't bad at all, they have a pretty large selection of craft beers! It was an overall enjoyable dinner, but nothing noteworthy. I would like to return to try their wings, but I won't rush back.
4	Wingharts just has the best burgers; these are the burgers you drive across town for. Usually they play punk-ish music, though on Sunday night they had the football game audio on. The servers are usually pretty friendly, and happy to help guide you through the food, beer, and whiskey choices.
5	Awesome burgers! Definitely one of the best I've ever had. Fantastic taste with ridiculous names! I love this restaurant!
4	There are two wingharts. One in market square. One on Carson street in the Southside. Pros: staff is super nice at both locations. Pizza oven in market square is different so if you are going for pizza go to market square location. It's amazing and you can taste the freshness. The burgers are big and from what my husband says, are delish. At both locations. Pierogies yum.  Cons: in market square it's tiny and narrow and in the summer can be very hot with the pizza oven.
4	Stopped here for the awful Steeler game yesterday afternoon after we couldn't get into the door at Piper's Pub. It was really empty. Of course still a good draft list-ordered a Green flash west coast IPA. On this visit my boyfriend and I split an order of the poutine and a dozen tikka masala wings. I had never had the wings there before but the sauce was off the chain and most of the wings were very meaty. The sauce wasn't overly spicy either. The poutine was pretty good, the gravy was not as salty as the gravy at Station Street. Service at the bar was efficient and friendly too. This is always a stellar spot to grab a quick bite when in the south side.
5	Awesome is the first word that comes to mind after eating here. Got the pierogi burger and truffle aioli fries, and both were incredible. Knowledgeable and friendly bartenders. I work in the industry, so far too often I find myself listening to the staff trying to bullshit their way through stuff they dont know about, but both the male and female bartender knew their stuff. I went on a Monday night and the place was almost empty. I'll be back again real soon.
3	We've been wanting to try Winghearts since we found out it opened. I'm sorry to say it didn't live up to the hype. We ordered iced tea but they don't serve it. We ordered cokes and they only have a house made cola that tastes like pure carbonated water. Bleh!  We ended up with water. I ordered the Denny double Bleu burger and a side of potato salad. The burger was literally a bun, burger, and 2 types of Bleu cheese. The meat was good and it had a good bun to meat ratio but I've had better burgers. The potato salad was not my cup of tea. It tasted like it had equal parts potatoes and onions. I'm taking it home to my hubby who loves onions. He will be thrilled. My son ordered a Tatonka Chicken pizza. It was a bit heavy handed on the Bleu cheese but we lived the crust. My son ordered a side of plain fries and that was probably the best thing we had. The fries are a hand cut looking fry dusted with a little something sweet and salt. It's the perfect combo. The atmosphere in the front of the restaurant was brightly lit and more of a restaurant atmosphere. We sat in the back which was dark and the music was almost too loud to talk (probably because we sat at a huge table made for four or more people). I wish we had sat up front. I usually give a place two tries but I think this one trip gave me a good enough picture to know that there doesn't need to be a second visit. The best part of our trip was our server. He was super nice and super friendly.
4	Wow! Damn good burger. Had the Harpers Fairly Good Burger and look forward to the next one. A small side of fries would have been nice but not a big deal. Didn't get a drink but looked like a nice selection of beers on tap. Other food items on the menu looked good too. Even though it was pretty busy, the bar tenders were attentive and it didn't take too long to put in my order.
1	We only had drinks at the bar; this review is not for food. 1) staff made it seem like they were super busy and almost didn't have time for us. They were not. We could smell the staff from where we sat. 2) My husband got a double shot of Avion tequila silver. It was $21. The bottles cost about that. Seriously... A shot of cheap tequila for $21? No thanks. 3) it says "Whiskey Bar" outside. It is not. 4) no game or news on at the bar, instead: South Park. Really? Between the cheeseball decor and general terrible style all around, we felt like we were in Portland Oregon in 1998
