5	Christina and  Julie  are  awesome,  they  both  take  care  of  their  clients.   this  place  is  new  fresh,  clean and  easy  access.   It's  refreshing  to go  to a  nail spa  wear  they  understand  you!
5	If you are looking for a Nail salon for pedis, mani's, waxing, gels, etc....This is the place to go to. Julie is awesome at gel. I use to do arcylic.....but will never go back. There is no smell, they look better, and last long! When Julie is not available I have Christina do them for me. Really anyone at this salon can help you and you will be happy.The atmosphere is friendly and inviting. All new equipment too!You have to try them out....so worth it!
5	Julie has done French gel for me two times now and I absolutely love them every time. She is so meticulous even I am amazed. There is no bubbles and no lifts. They last long and not damaging to my nail beds like acrylics. I highly recommend this salon to all the ladies and gents out there for their excellent customer service, and amazing work.
5	I used to have acrylic nails and now have gel.  Between the two, I have had my nails done for close to 15 years.  I went from salon to salon looking for someone that I could trust and that I knew would listen to my requests and needs.   I founds Julie and Christina approx. 6 years ago and will not go to anyone else!  Their new salon is very nice with a friendly and customer oriented atmosphere.   Their customer service goes beyond most salons and I highly recommend them.
5	Best place in town! Julie & Christina are excellent!!!! I highly recommend this place for gel nails, pedis & waxing.
5	I LOVE this place! Julie, Christina, Lyndee... they are all fabulous and so fun to talk to!The service is excellent and the gel manicures are awesome.  The environment is serene and comfy, not stressful and like you're in a nail mill getting shoved around in cramped quarters.I highly recommend this place!!!
5	I've been twice to the salon for a pedicure; my daughter once. They do a great job. Everything is brand new; they're very accommodating and friendly; and you get a free neck massage while you're waiting for your toes to dry under the ultraviolet light. I ask for Lee. She is fabulous. So glad to have found a quality salon in the neighborhood after so many lousy pedicures elsewhere.
5	Pretty, just like the name says! Clean and relaxing too! Julie and Christine are amazing. I have Been seeing them for years and would follow them anywhere!  I Love that they know how I like my nails and toes, no explanation needed! Even brought my husband for his first pedicure and my Mom comes too.
5	I LOVE my nails and the excellent service.They are very meticulous and quick.  A very unique and appreciated quality.Highly recommended for all.
5	Great place! I've been in phoenix for over a month and have finally found my permanent nail spa.  The staff is so friendly and takes perfect care of your hands and feet. The prices are reasonable especially for the beautiful job done. Love this place and it was only my first time. Definitely a recommendation!
5	Love this place! Julie is amazing and my nails always last SO long!!! She is awesome @ what she does! Would and have definitely recommended her salon to others.
5	Perfection!  I have had gel nails done at five other salons over the past couple of years and Julie is by far the best.  She is really a pro - my nails turn out perfect and the polish lasts a long time.   The atmosphere is low-keyed and friendly, and the prices are reasonable.  Pretty Little Nails is definitely worth five stars!
5	Called at the last minute and they were able to get me in right a way.  Julie reccomended gel nails over acrylic and I'm soooo glad she did, they look incredible!  Great Pedicure too!   This might be new location but it is clear that everyone here are seasoned professionals... Fabulous Service!
5	Love this place!!!A couple of clients recommended PLNS and I am so glad they did. This place is spotless, professional and friendly. Christina did my mani/pedi and was meticulous. I am picky about my nails and cuticles and I didn't have to give her any direction. I will be returning soon and will be telling everyone I know about PLNS.P.S. There is a slight discount if you pay in cash.
5	This place is amazing!!Julie has been doing my nails for a long time and she is FABULOUS! Her attention to detail is flawless and she does a perfect job every time! Christina has done my nails as well (and eyebrow waxing) and she does an amazing job, too! I highly recommend this place! You will not be disappointed!!!!
5	Wonderful place...great service...great people....very clean... a joy to go there. Thank you Christine and Julie
5	Probably one of the best mani/pedis I have ever gotten! I am so happy I found a new "go to" nail place!  The salon is clean and pretty. My nail tech did an amazing job and even gave me a little neck massage while my nails were drying(huge plus!) my only suggestion is to make an appt especially on the weekends. I was lucky enough to snag an appt early Saturday morning but once 1030 rolled around the place became packed with regulars who had appts. Some unlucky woman had to go elsewhere to get their nails done because they were booked! Great little diamond in the ruff!
5	This place was great! I was looking for a new place and when my sis suggested we get a pedi I was all for it and found this place on Yelp. Always leery of new places but this place was awesome! Very clean and everything is new. Got a pedicure and was pleasantly surprised with the shoulder rub that came while my nails were drying. Will definitely be coming back and telling friends.
5	Best nail salon in Phoenix. When I come to visit from Los Angeles, I always make a stop here. Julie is my favorite. She can do any design I ask when getting a gel manicure. She's polite, neat and always does a phenomenal job. I will continue to come here and reccomend it to friends. You'll never leave unhappy.
5	Julie and Christina are wonderful.   Pretty Little Nails is spotless.  Everyone is so friendly.  I will not go anywhere else.  :)
2	I went here because of all the amazing reviews and was really disappointed. The man, mike, who did my nails did not listen to me when I asked him not to file too much on my actual nail beds with the electronic file. I have unusually thin nails, and when I do acrylics, I do not let them file my nails down as much, because it hurts very badly. He did not listen, and filed them to the point where one of them was almost bleeding, even when I asked him to stop. He said he had to and that it was ok. Then, it was my first time using gel nail polish. I didn't understand where to put my hands, (I didn't see the box so I put them in my lap where the UV light was shining) and it seemed to aggravate him. Finally, they came out lumpy and uneven on the top surface. I would have given a less star review, but when I called later after I had calmed down, one of the ladies offered to fix them. She did fix them, and they look very nice. But I will not be going back here.
5	Love this place! Julie did my gel nails with tips and gel polish and 2 weeks later they are still perfect !!!! And her designs are THE BEST!!! This is a very clean and friendly shop with competitive prices. Recommend making an appointment.
5	Been to a LOT of nail salons and this one is my absolute favorite! Clean, friendly, quality work and great hours. Love it and I don't go anywhere else!
5	I came from suprise looking for a nail salon And I can finally say that I've found the one at pretty little nails.came in to get a gel manicure by Julie who was awesome!
1	I'm a little confused on how this place has all good reviews. Maybe you have to request a certain person. I had one of the men and I am disappointed. I showed a picture of what I wanted and it is far from. I have pink and white and wanted color for New Years, I got a fill with regular acrylic and didn't feel he really did a good job, then put shellac on top and it kept bubbling and he said I was doing it ( clearly not me) Then started over with regular nail polish, which I'm used to the gel color. In the end they don't look bad but not what I wanted to deal with. After 2 hours I think I should have gotten something different. Hate to do a bad review but I'm not happy!
5	First time there today and I was blown away by their service. I am super picky when it comes to my nails. Both Rene and Mike made sure i was 100% satisfied each step of the process.  Rene did my French gel manicure and mike did my French gel pedicure.
5	Found my way to this salon thanks to Yelp during a business trip. Julie did my nails and I could not have had a better experience! Nails look great, price was reasonable and it was a pleasant, relaxing atmosphere. Plus everyone was so nice! One of the women even offered to drive me back to my hotel when my cab was late......
3	3 out of 5 starsWhy because Julie and Christine were so sweet and nice. The bad review I just had my nails done by the guy that works there not happy he was extremely rude. He was rushing he didn't even know what he was doing kept cutting me with the drill and my nails are awful looking the paint job is horrible. It's literally up the street from where I live but I will travel the 16 miles to go to my usual spot. Very disappointed in myself for cheating on my usual spot and for the crappy job I got.Already made an appt with my usual person to fix this persons awful job and he isn't gonna even charge me he said.When you find your nail technician stick to them and be loyal I had to learn the hard way :( thank goodness my technician understood how I didn't want to travel 16 miles bland just needed my nails done and he's gonna fix them at no charge that's when you know you found the one
4	Great place for nails and pedicures!  Not in a high-rent district, but the shop is clean and nicely decorated, there are plenty of pedi chairs and nail stations.  The staff is very friendly and the prices are very reasonable, plus it's easy to get an appointment.
5	This is place is very cute, cozy and very clean. Two sisters Julie and Christine are running it and they are doing a great job. A lot of the customers are coming back and call this place home. I got in with a short notice, just found them on Yelp, picked up the phone and asked if I could get in right away. Christine was very kind and polite she made it work although they were booked! Julie started my pedicure first and Christine finished it (because Julie had a client).Both of the girls were great, good massage,the nails were cut and cuticle was removed just they way I like it. Overall it lasted for over 40-45 minutes which is good considering they were booked back to back. Perks: *Sea salt scrub + oil/lotion massage AT NO ADDITIONAL COST (Spa Pedicure)            * I broke my toe nail and she was kind to applied acrylic ($5 charge) FOR FREE            * Nice shoulders rub at the end of each pedi/mani sessionI will come back again and will recommend this place to my friends. Everyone was super nice, polite and in a good mood- Good vibes :)
5	Clean and comfortable. Nice massage chairs and a good pedicure. I will be back.This place has a nice relaxed vibe. The staff was nice. $20 pedicure and a nice little shoulder massage when you go sit at the toe dryer. If you pay in cash you get a mini discount.
5	Love this nail salon! The staff is very friendly and are great at doing nails! The salon is very clean and my favorite part is they give you a little massage after they do your nails. It's easy to park and they always fit you in! :) Must check it out!
5	This salon is very clean and they have nice new massage chairs. Each time I have been in I have noticed several regulars chatting it up with the girls and that is always a good sign. I've never had to wait long even though they are always pretty busy.Go see Ranae! She is now my go to girl to get my nails done. She is thorough but quick and she gives a great pedicure.Extra bonus! They give you a short neck/shoulder massage at the end.
5	I would give this place 10 stars if I could!  Christina & Julie as well as the rest of their staff are top notch!  Always friendly and attentive to even the smallest details.  They really care about giving every one of their customer's a great experience.  You will not be disappointed!
5	This is a first class salon. Christina and Julie are true professionals and always make everyone feel welcome. I would recommend Pretty Little Nails to everyone.
5	I was visiting AZ again and held off from getting a gel mani and pedi because I always get the best service at pretty little nails!  Julie and Christina are both amazing.  Julie did my nails and Christina did my threading.  Both took their time and made sure I was happy.  I will always and continue to visit this salon when I am in AZ!
4	This will be my new nail salon even though not close to my home.  They fit me in with little notice, and Le did a great job.  She took her time and gave me one of the best mani/pedi's I've had in a long time.  The salon is clean and the spa chairs are nice. Our only challenge was limited english, but we worked it out. Thanks!
5	Julie did my French pedicure and it is stunning! Very comfortable, very clean, and very friendly staff. This is one of those rare occasions where all the 5 stars are right!
5	I have had my nails done by Mike twice now. Both were fantastic. The salon is clean, the massage chairs are new, and I never feel rushed through even though this place is usually busy. I recommend getting an appointment before you show up, especially during busy times. They always have customers!
4	I love this place due to the fact that now I don't have to always drive all the way to Avondale to my old eyebrow person just to get them waxed. Wish I could remember the lady's name who does my eyebrows, but KUDOS to you for always doing them perfect and being a sweetheart. I also like how nice Christine is and always remembers who I am as well as my mother and sister. Everyone seems to be pretty nice, but had to knock one star off because there's one lady who works there who looks like she's always mad no matter what time of day I come in, she never smiles and seems like she's annoyed. Other than that - they're almost perfect :) P.S. they give free massages while your mani or pedi are drying.
5	Pretty Little nails is awesome! I've been coming here every 3 weeks since they've been open and have always had such amazing nails. Julie, Christine and all the girls here are fantastic and this will definitely be MY nail salon! Christine also does a great job with waxing my eyebrows. The perfect brow shape.:)
5	Love this place! Always friendly, great customer service, clean, thorough work, good prices, excellent pedicure and gel nails. Best and longest foot massage. I have been going for about 10 months every few weeks. I will keep returning as they always take care of me :)
4	I have been here twice (after finding them on Yelp). I got a French gel manicure. I called in advance and they were able to fit me in that day. Everyone who worked here was nice and friendly. When one of my nails cracked, Julie immediately fixed it when I walked in at no charge. I tried to get in on a Friday afternoon, but when I called they were not available. I will have to plan in advance next time. My nails lasted for 2 weeks.
1	I'm still on a journey to find my new nail place that's closer to home. I tried this place based on the amazon reviews, I found a coupon for a $23.99 gel mani, it was on my way home from work & they were able to takes that same day. I called ahead  & scheduled a 5pm appt, on a Thursday. I showed up 20min early (my errands didn't take as long as I was expecting) so didn't mind waiting. It was now 5:03p & I was still waiting (5 appt, not a big deal). But then, a regular came in after me (they greeted each other by name). She sat by me for a few minutes, then was taken to start her mani before me! Finally at 5:15p, the lady (seemed like the owner) took me to a seat to start the process to remove my gel polish. I'm not big on talking while getting my nails done, but she didn't say 1 word to me. And she made feel like I was an inconvenience to her (even if I was, I'm paying you money to run your business). So after putting the tinfoil on, she said I'll wait 5minutes, that's standard. Finally, around 5:32 (15 min later) another girl, Jessica greeted me, apologized for the wait, & began. She gave me a small water bottle, cleaned her tools in barbacide, thanked me for waiting & did my mani. Jessica was sweet & the highlight of my trip.  Although, I am not satisfied with my French tip mani I received... We met at the register & I handed her her the coupon. Because I received French tip I assumed they would honor the "gel mani coupon" but add an additional fee. Jessica spoke to the lady I assumed is an owner (the 1 who started to remove my gel). Jessica then told me they cannot accept the coupon & had to pay full price. Did I mention no where on that coupon does it list any restrictions?The time was now 6:40p, 2 hours after I arrived, 1 h 40m after my appt time, I just wanted to go home so didn't argue. So, NO, I will never go back. It's a cute, small, clean place. But not only did I have a horrible 1st impression, it wasn't a good job. The polish didn't cover my full nail (looks as if some of my nails already 'grew out'), the white isn't even (looks like some areas are missing a coat), & there's a white cloudiness in some areas of my nails that are supposed to be the 'natural' color. I'm glad majority of people love this place. But my 1st impression was so poor, Pretty Little Nails is not getting a 2nd chance with me.
5	Ok. So today was my first day coming to this place after having horrible experiences at other nail salons and all I can say is that. This salon was amazing. they did my nails exactly like I wanted them . Staff was super nice. I walked away happy and I have officially made this my nail salon place :)
4	My sister and I have been driving by this shop for years, and after wanting to get gel nails, we decided to give it a try! We had to call to find out the prices ( since they were not posted on here, but now are), and were able to get in right away. They do accept walk ins! When we went inside, it appeared very clean and nice. The staff was very friendly, and there was little to no wait time, although it could be because it was a Thursday afternoon. This was our first time getting gel nails, and we were so happy to find they had such a variety of options! Costing $23 per person, I would definitely say it was worth it.This is definitely a place I would recommend to everyone! It may not look so amazing on the outside, but it's a nice little shop that we now love!
3	My elementary age daughter and I went here for mani pedis since we live right around the corner.  My daughter had a great experience and has lovely nails.  The woman who did her nails was good with kids and my daughter is ready to go back.  My experience was more mediocre, but I feel with a different nail tech it would be much better.  She seemed really disinterested and acted almost as if she didn't like what she was doing and was doing me a favor by working on my nails.  It was later afternoon, so perhaps she was just having a really long, unpleasant day.  She was the only one who wasn't working on someone else when we showed up for our appointment, so perhaps this should have been a sign for me!  Anyway, her foot massage felt ticklish and like she was using her thumbnail.  I've had other foot massages and it's never come close to feeling ticklish.  The water in the foot bath was near scalding (my skin did turn a little pink - I'll own this one and say that I should have asked her to make it colder), and there were times when her work on my cuticles was uncomfortable.  When getting into bed that night, I realized one of my toenails had a jagged edge that caught on the sheets, and so I needed to file it off in the morning and put top coat over it.  Then I noticed the same thing with a fingernail.  I have faith in my fellow yelpers and so will try this place again but will request a tech that others recommend.  I didn't catch this woman's name, but she seemed to be the owner or manager.
2	It was my 3rd time coming to this salon. The staff is very nice and speak English. The salon itself is very clean, modern and the instruments sterilized. They offer liners for the pedicure foot tubs but charge $2 extra for that. The prices are very reasonable and you get 5% off if you pay cash. Parking can be tricky and the place fills up quickly. I can only imagine the weekends! I like to get there when they first open up at 9am on week days. It seems like the raving reviews are from appointment making regulars who specifically ask for Julie and Christina. I only ever had pedicures done by an older lady which were ok. The callus removing part was weak, I need to redo at home. The massage part is not great either, kinda awkward. But the way my toenails were shaped and the painted end result is what made me come back. Today I wanted to try out the gel manicure. I got the same lady to do both my pedicure and manicure. She doesn't have anybody asking for her, she seems to only be taking care of the walk ins which tipped me off but didn't have me alarmed. Why would her work be that much different from the other ladies?! Well, I was wrong! First of all; it was hot as hell in there today. Yes, they have several fans but that's just hot air blowing around, turn on the air conditioner!  My pedicure was off as well. Why was only one of my feet scrubbed with sugar and not the other? Why are the heels neglected when the lotion massage happens?? The callus removing and heels scrubbing part is half ass at best. That's why I'm still searching for the perfect place. Seems like something is always lacking but I digress....I really don't like how my feet or my fingernails came out today. The lines are chunky and sloppy on both. $60 (with discount) plus tip is no chump change to me! As is I can only afford to do this once a month and I expect a better end result than what I got today!  I wanted to try the more popular ladies but I'm not the appointment type of gal. I go whenever I can fit it into MY schedule, not the other way around.
5	I couldn't wait to come home and write this review. Pretty Little Nails & Spa has now become THE nail salon to go to for me. And only after ONE visit. Every nail technician was friendly and greeted me with smiles. Renae, who did my nails was amazing. I've never seen somebody pay so close attention to detail as much as she did. Prices were good and the selection was wide. I could fall asleep in those massage chairs while getting a pedicure. I'm so excited to go back in the future and am also planning on taking my bridesmaids and I there to go our nails done for my wedding next year!
5	This place is great! I had called in to see if they were free and scheduled an appointment for an hour later just in case they got busy. I was greeted with smiles all around. Tuyen gave me an amazing gel mani and was so meticulous about it all! I left feeling like a brand new woman and was so pleased with how beautiful my nails had turned out. I felt comfortable here and will definitely be coming back on a regular basis!
5	I was freaking out because I wasn't able to do my nails in Miami before flying to Phoenix for my best friend's wedding. Pretty little nails was close to my hotel and decided to give it a try...and I'm so glad I did. My manicure was impeccable and my pedi tire was not just perfect but that massage...LOVE!!!! I definitely recommend this place. If I'm ever in Arizona again...I'm stopping by. Staff is friendly and sweet!
3	The salon was very clean.  I really appreciate that and it is very important to me.  The rating above may be a little confusing.  I needed a fill and always get stripes or other designs on my nails.  With the fill my nails were still rough.  I can see the lines from the file down and could be seen through the polish on my nails.  I had a striped design on my ring finger of each hand.  Nothing over the top but the lines were messy and uneven.  I am looking for a place that has a nail artist so I will continue my search.
5	Renee is the best! She takes her time and always does a wonderful job.I love this place!
5	Love this place! It is the only place I go to get my nails done! I am very hard on my nails but Renee keeps them in shape and pays close attention to detail! If you plan to go on the weekend just make sure you make an appointment. This place is always happening!!!!
5	My friends and I are always on the look out for a good pedi place for birthdays!  This place is less then a mile from my place and LOOOOOOOVE it!!!!  Not only are the prices awesome but the girls really make it that much better.  They sat and laughed and joked around with us the entire time!  They also had a pretty good stock of colors.  Everything was clean and really just wonderful.  This is our new place for pedicures for sure!!!!
