5	The best place to get a beer in Charlotte, period. I used to live right down the road from the Saucer and went there several times a week in order to earn my own gold plate up on the wall (something you get after drinking 200 different beers). The selection is unmatched in the Charlotte area, and the wait staff is usually really knowledgeable about all the new beers they get in. Monday nights are $2.75 "pint nights" where everything on the wall (and we're talking nearly 100 beers here) is only $2.75, and considering the quality of some of these this is almost impossible to beat ANYWHERE!The glass program on Wednesday night is really cool, and if you go to their website there is even a big trading community so you can find some pretty cool stuff that the local one doesn't offer. The tracking system they use is actually really great too. It's awesome to be able to see every beer you've ever had there, including the date, and your rating and comments about it.The food at the bar is, well, bar food. If you're expecting something amazing for dinner here then you're definitely here for the wrong reason. While not quite as bad as you would expect, it's still the standard grease-laden goodies that just seem to go great with beer.The one detriment to this place for me was that they allow smoking inside. I would dock them a point for this normally, but the reasonable person in me still realizes that it is a bar, and it is in NC, so it's almost allowable. The saving grace is that there is a great patio outside where you can go if cancer isn't your thing.One final personal note: if you come here and order Bud Light (or some other equivalent) you're wasting space and need to be eradicated.
5	The flying saucer is great!  They have over 70 beers on tap that change frequently.  On top of the awesome beer selection they have a fun beer club that only costs 15 bucks.  You get a card to swipe and it keeps track of which beers you have tried and which beers you have left.The food is also pretty good.  They have a few german dishes that pair well with the beer options and also a few other typical bar food items.  The drink specials are enough to keep you coming back as well...along with the activities on different nights (trivia tuesday night, and glass night on Wednesdays).  If you like beer and a fun atmosphere then check out the flying saucer and join the UFO club.
4	I have just recently started loving beer. It took me a while to gain an appreciation for it, but now that I have I have been looking for places that can offer a unique beer drinking experience.  I have to say that this place definitely gives you that.  It's a real bar with lots of beers to choose from both well known brands, and more obscure ones.  Very friendly place and everyone is more than willing to offer suggestions as to which beers to try.  Plus plenty of deal nights and specials to keep you from going broke.  There are also lots of fun gimmicky deal and theme nights which just makes for a fun time if you want to participate.
2	After being prodded and pocked by my co-workers to get a kitchen pass, I finally went to the Flying Saucer.I get the concept.  I appreciate the effort but come on.... shouldn't you look good in a skimpy outfit if you are going to wear one?  I did not really expect great service and that was pretty clear.  Friendly enough but the overall IQ was rather low.I do give a huge nod to the beer selection and for that one reason I am likely to go back.
3	As a place to try a new brew, the Flying Saucer is probably as good as you're going to get in most towns. But, if you're fortunate to live near a decent local brewery or brewpub, you'd be better off sampling their fare than wading into this Applebees of a bar. Great beer selection; decent service; atmosphere feels like they tried to cram the entire British Isles into a space next to Kinkos.
4	Fabulous!Tried a mess of beers here today and had a great time.  Our server (they're all pretty cute and young and wearing plaid pleated miniskirts for you boys out there to get loaded and tip well) was extremely helpful with me insofar as picking out my "build your own flight" of beer.They have a few pre-set flights, which my folks tried...  but I tried the build your own, which is basically five draught beers of your choice in a smaller size glass (photo enclosed).  It was a great way to try new things and once our server learned my taste she worked with me to find what I would like best.  Between that, the friendly crowd, darts and pool... if I lived in NC I could see wasting a lot of time here.Didn't try the food so I can't comment on that.
4	Food: 2Beer: 5 +Atmosphere: 4Service: 5Culture: 5Distance from my apartment for a great drinkery: -10004.5 starsThe bar runs almost the entire length of this rather large restaurant.  And taps are placed every foot or so along the entire stretch.  Intrigued?  If not, don't attend.One thing keeps the Saucer from being tops in Charlotte: the menu.  After having eaten here 3-4 times, the only edible I'd return for is the soft pretzels, (which are orgasmic after a couple brews.)  They offer stereotypical beer accoutrement like sausage and cheese.  But the fried foods lack in number for a bar-eatery.  And damn it, if I'm drinking beer I want more than one or two burgers to choose from.The wait staff is knowledgeable enough to recommend a malty beverage for the less-than-beer-literate.  And pint-nights offer a bartender selected brew for under $3.  Which means that $3 can buy you anything from a summer swill to a Belgian Framboise brewed by monks in a slate tub, (worth more than $3.)It's a beer-venture!
4	Wanna get a quick three in ya?  (That's code among my friends for wanna go to the saucer and add three beers to your tour.)  I have yet to get a plate on the wall (requires that you drink 200 different beers) but one day I will be immortalized among my fellow beer lovers.The saucer is a special place that is hard to fully appreciate by those who do not share a passion for enjoying beer other than bud light, however it is a great place for people who are willing to try something new and expand their beer horizons.  Be cautious when experimenting because they do carry some very expensive brews.  The service is ussually great and one of the most difficult things to do is to avoid the cook-out drive thru after a fun night of some tasty bevs, but just remember friends dont let friends fly drunk.
4	Obviously a great beer selection but I also have no problem with the food. After eating at a TGI Fridays or the like I feel like I've done irreparable harm to my innards, but "the Saucer" offers veggie sandwiches, really decent pizzas, salads on top of the regular bar cuisine. My coworkers and I head out there every Tuesday for half-priced lunches and we're usually back on Friday nights to kick off the weekend. The saucer raises the bar on the "cute girls and beer" business model and usually attracts a very outgoing / easy-to-socialize with crowd.
4	This place is the best beer bar I've been to in a long while.  Lots of good drafts and bottles from across the country, and good recommendations from the bartenders.  Traveling on business, the Flying Saucer is a good call for dinner and a real surprise for beer lovers.  The menu is dominated by sandwiches and burgers (in the $8-$9 range), but nothing really special.  I'd bring my wife back with me, but would leave the kids at home.  I'll be back for sure.Follow up, a few months later.  I've actually been here twice since the first review.  The second time was pretty good, but I realized that the menu really doesn't offer much as far as 'real food' goes.  This last time was yesterday (Sun, 6/13) and the bartender was kind of an a-hole.  I think it was because I'm not a "local" as he was pretty condescending when I asked about the local beers.  I'll probably go back, but not for food and will avoid the brown haired putz pouring the beers.
5	It's fairly obvious when you see an endless line of platters on the wall highlighting those who have had 200 or more different beers... the place is popular and its regulars are very much so.  This place is about beer, pure and simple.  The food is but an accessory.  They did have a nice pretzel side with some mustard that will clean your sinuses... I recommend that dish between beers 2 and 3, just to keep your beer to food ratio in balance.
5	Five stars for being exactly what it sets out to be: a beer lover's ultimate experience! I am now on a quest to drink 200 different beers from all around the world to get my name on a platter. The burger was good, but it came all-the-way (without mentioning that it would). So if you do not want mayo, mustard, pickles, lettuce, tomato and onion you need to tell them when you order. My friend ate a wrap and loved it, but the beer is the reason to visit.
4	Great beer selection.  Not a whole lot of women, but I guess thats not what its all about.  Pool tables in back, nice patio seating, big screen projector for sporting events.  Specials everyday.
4	Obviously, the beer selection here is great.  The waitresses are pretty good at giving suggestions, although can become a bit snobby when you keep ordering more beer.  I guess they just could have come off differently.The food is okay, the sausages were kind of bleh.  The nachos were really small.  The pretzel was pretty good, I'd recommend that.Good place to hit up if you have never been.
4	The Saucer has a "je ne sais qua" the other bars in University City have yet to acquire. It's much more than the thousand or so saucers on the walls and ceiling and almost as many taps behind the bar, although both are quite impressive. The best description I can pull off that contradicts itself is a classy, yet non-corporate atmosphere, with scantily-clad waitresses that remind you of anything but Hooters. The staff has a camaraderie with each other and they invite their patrons to join in, which can make for a playful evening. The menu offerings are largely conventional, let it suffice to say you are not going to The Saucer for food. The big pretzel with cheese is always my standby when the draught flows more than anticipated. There are a few great options to keep you occupied throughout your visit: Join the U.F.O. club, try your hand at a dart competition, shoot a game of pool in the back, or relish the trivia and live music several nights a week. It is imperative that I elaborate on the sheer multitude of taps that twinkle like stars behind the bar. They beckon you over to try the trendy name of the month, or the same old lover you've had for years. It's a steep price per pint, and I like to be well acquainted with what I'm drinking. A good option, if you're not an ale aficionado, is trying the beer sampler to see which flavors perk your interest. You can't say you've toured the University area without a stop at The Saucer. Experience that "certain something" it has on the competition and let me know what you think!
4	I don't miss much about living in University Area- but this is one of the few gems that I do miss (and occasionally go back to)The beer cheese soup is delicious. The beer menu is extensive. They have great specials. The waitresses wear cute short skirts. There is a lot to love about this place.It is comfortable and laid back enough to bring a kid during the day. It gets rowdy at night.The strip mall is a dreadful location- but that is to be expected in University Area. The outdoor area is ok.
4	Great beer selection, great atmosphere, great bartenders. What more can I say? Perfect for someone wanting to enjoy a beer with good friends. Monday night is the night for great specials but I prefer to go the other nights of the week when The Saucer is a bit quieter. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is has nothing good to say about Charlotte night life, this will certainly change your mind. Give the fresh pretzels with queso a try!
5	best beer selection in Charlotte. Great staff and on Wednesdays you get to keep the pint glass.
3	We had a work-team dinner here the last night I was in town so they set us up in the back room.  With such a large group, it was nice to move around from the couches to the tables so we could interact with everyone.  We had placed our order ahead of time and when we got there our appetizer cheese and meat trays were ready and waiting for us.  Those were great!  Not only did they have the sausage and cheese that we selected, there were also other goodies such as sliced apples and olives to go with it.Plus, our server was amazing!  I'm bummed that I can not remember her name, however she was top-notch!  Answered all our questions with a smile, offered tastes for any sort of beer we were thinking about trying, and was always there when we needed her.As far as food, I was most impressed with the cheese plate and the side salad.  The side salad was no leftover iceburg; I got some fresh spring mix and a few yummy toppings.  As far as my french dip, eh, it was a dip.  Meat, cheese, and bread . . . didn't "wow" me.  As most have said, come here for the beer and the energy and you'll enjoy every minute!
5	The biggest beer selection anywhere in NC (aside from the Saucer in Raleigh, of course); Local, National, International beers are all represented. Fun specials like 'beer poker' where you get bottled beer for cheap (waitress' choice) or local beers cheaper than usual on certain days. There is a gimmick for every day of the week, and they are actually interesting and make you want to come again another day of the week.The waitresses are dressed as schoolgirls, but are highly beer-educated. They can suggest beers to you that maybe you wouldn't have tried before, and bring endless samples as well.The food is good (Rocket Tots are great, the soft pretzels are phenomenal, the best I have ever had, and consistently)Newly non-smoking (as are all NC places now) and friendly atmosphere.A small complaint is it can be busy around 9pm or later as a band starts playing LOUDLY, so keep that in mind; also around lunch time during the weekend often people bring their babies (They bring a BABY to a BAR!) which is annoying if you like to say the F word or talk about your hot hole.
4	If you can't find a beer you like in this place, something is wrong with you. They have everything under the sun so it's virtually impossible. After going there many a time, I decided to venture in there last wknd during the day for food alone. It was pretty empty on a Saturday afternoon which surprised me with college football starting up and all. There was two other tables there besides ours and the service sucked for that so I'm confused why the service was bad.I got the bratwurst nachos and were disappointed when they came out because they werent traditional piled nachos but single nachos laid on a plate with the toppings on top. Um, when I want nachos, I want a big fatty greasy pile of nachos thank you. They were tasty and came with  jalapeno sour cream  on the side but I wanted a stack of them so boo.They have free wi fi-you know if you want to take your computer to a bar and get your wi fi on. Even though I wasn't completely sold on their food or service, I will be back and will stick with beer.
4	About 8 of my friends wanted somewhere unique to go and have a few different beers to try and we ended up at the Saucer.  Friday night was a great night to go, was busy, but not packed and our service was great - even with a waitress in training tagging along!  The beer selection was amazing and they had some great specials ( I was able to partake in a pumpkin beer for the first time for just 4 bucks  :) )   I had an order of nachos and this was the one disappointment of the evening...the sauces they came with were great, but the nachos themselves were just kinda meh.  Overall it was a 4 star experience.
4	So I am a fan of the saucer.  I have a plate on the wall and an on my way to number two.  Great place for beer specials, to taste things you would not normally have the opportunity to taste and just hang out with friends and meet people.  In fact, met two of my closest friends there.The food is better than 'typical' pub food but should not be your purpose for going to the saucer.  They have an outside deck which is great.   The bar maids are are for the most part really friendly and helpful.They have great deals most of the days.  Glasses on Wednesdays, Tuesday they have $2.50 draft specials, new releases.  They have great guests there.  Got to meet and drink with the founder of Avery beers.If you make it a habit, they will get to know you and you will be treated like family.
4	Round 1, Question 1: What restaurant has more beer than you can shake a stick at, the best beer cheese soup I've ever had and runs trivia on Tuesday nights?Round 1, Question 2: How many different beers does a Flying Saucer U.F.O. club member need to drink to get a plate on the wall?Round 1, Question 3: Who would you rather have guide you on which of the delicious libations you should try next than a friendly, knowledgeable gal in knee socks and a short skirt?Answers: The Flying Saucer, 200, NobodyThe Saucer is routine stop for me, both for dinner and to just go have a beer and play some trivia. I couldn't, in good conscience, give it 5 stars because there are only a few things on the food menu that pique my interest (you MUST try the aforementioned beer cheese soup and the rocket tots!) and I have a thing against their pizza, though the slice my roommate ordered last week looked tastier than what I remember. Food is in the $5-$15 dollar range and beers run the scale from $5 on up. Whether you are a lager lover, all about ale, or drool over dopplebock The Flying Saucer has many an option for you, so come on down and try one or two...hundred.
5	The Flying Saucer offers great beer, great food, and good service. Most of the waitstaff is knowledgeable about the beer selections they offer, which is a nice touch. They have an incredible goat cheese salad, and the kitchen is very accommodating for substitutions and add-ons to the menu. Overall, a great place for casual dinner and drinks.
5	Beer aficionados rejoice!If you're like me, you're sick and tired of going out for dinner and having 3-5 draft beers to choose from. I'm thrilled if I can pull a beer not slapped with a "Lite" label; or when I ask for a stout the waitress has something other than Guinness to provide. I crave diversity of lagers and ales like a foodie craves weirdly named cheeses. I'm pretty sure, in fact, that the Saucer was created for people exactly like me.Walking into the door I instantly get the same feeling of the hole-in-the-wall pubs I frequented back in college - just much larger. And cleaner! Almost every surface not walkable in the building is covered in decorative dishes so dense that your grandma's cabinet just shed a tear. It's cluttered but not oppressive, and again, it always feels clean and comfortable. There's a couched section up front for those really lazy days; elevated booths on the wall for small parties; and a lot of tables for any size group you can organize. And then there's the bar...Bellying up to the bar at the Saucer is easy - it's roughly 50 feet long. From this bastion of beervana, you can see the real reason you came here - the jaw-dropping wall of tap heads and stuffed bottle coolers. It's a selection so big that trying to pick by looking is almost a fool's errand - you could easily down a pint just while trying to weigh the options. Thankfully, they have a well-organized (and four-page dense) beer menu that will help you find just the draft or bottle you're looking for. I want to give some kind of feeling for what you'll find here, but the simple answer is - everything. I've had everything from double IPAs aged in oak barrels to blueberry wheat beer to a savory coffee milk stout. Any style you could ever want, well, it's here. It's impressive. It's a little terrifying. It's very, very delicious. There are $3 fire sale specials every night of the week as well. Saturday's "Beer Poker" is my favorite - a random bottle from their cooler for three bucks. I've scored a few Victory and Rogue bottles there, so it is definitely not just the leftovers. As for the food, well... It's decent. Let's be fair, I'm not coming here for their burgers. Food at the saucer is a means to an end; the food is here so you can cleanse your pallet between brews. That being said, there are a few musts on the menu. For a snack, you cannot beat the soft pretzels. You get two, they're huge, warm, salty and soft - if you're on a date and you don't get this, don't expect a second date. The brats are decent, the burgers have flavor, and oh yeah - spicy cheesy pepper tater tots. You'll find something. I guess the last thing worth mentioning is the service. A place with this diverse a beer selection could rest on its laurels, but the Saucer follows through with an excellent staff. Beyond the fact that your waitresses are gorgeous smiling Beer Goddesses wearing short short skirts and knee-hi stockings... They're genuinely nice and know what they've got on the menu. Talking with them is talking with peers. They check in on the table frequently and always have a good recommendation on what beer is next. A few of them pay attention enough to recognize me and remember what I had on the last visit. Coming to the saucer is like hanging out with friends.One last word of advice - if you're serious about your beer exploration, sign up for the UFO club. For $18 you get a commemorative t-shirt and a membership which clears you from (very infrequent) cover charges and lets you track the beers you have on each visit. Drink 200 different beers and you get your name in the ring of honor, a commemorative plate on the wall, and a $100 tab for a party for you and your friends. There's a reward every 50 - I just earned a free pint - and you get the benefit of trying a ridiculously wide selection of beers and learning more about what the craft has to offer. You will find new favorites and probably a few that you can't stand. But that's the point of the journey, now, isn't it?So bottoms up, there's a lot to drink. As for me, I'm going to discuss with my Beer Goddess which brew is next on my list!
3	I am really ambiguous about this place. The beer selection rocks; the food sucks rocks. The staff is knowledgeable, friendly (at times TOO much so!) and dressed like Lolita Complexes. Sooo not my thing!I have spent a LOT of time here, but no longer go for personal reasons that are not germaine to this review. How much time, you ask? 8 plates worth! (I was the number 2 8th time around...but I had my plates removed when I ceased to patronize their establishment. See also personal reasons not germaine, yadda yadda yadda)If you truly like beer, this is the place to go. The staff really knows their beer, so ask questions, sample and take direction!!! The pint specials are good, and the "beer poker" is worth it if you are adventurous and like a wide variety of styles of beer. As a suggestion, eat elsewhere first, or shortly after. I mean, how many chicken caesar rollups, wings and salads can you stomach?The one plus to the menu? They often undercook the burgers, which means this little Yankee got rare beef on a regular basis...which I crave but rarely find in NC. They also overcook a lot of other choices... so...it's a mixed bag food-wise.If the atmosphere wasn't so decidedly sex-sells-beer-to-men...I'd like it better. Sorta. maybe. But those personal issues still work there- I mean, exist.Without the emotional baggage, this is worth checking out if you are serious about beer.
4	I lived so close to here for two years, and I waited until I moved 1000 miles away before I even went.  If you love beer it's the place to go!  And Monday nights are cheap!  I'm so glad Fat Tire came to NC, now I just need it in Boston! The food is pretty good and the atmosphere is great for a group of friends having a few beers.  If you are looking for a great selection of beer, definitely check it out.  I wish I could try their beer club or whatever, but no time!  I would love a glass!
4	Being a loyal fan of beer and an occasional alcoholic, it's kind of embarrassing to admit that i've only been here twice in the few years of living in Charlotte. We started with the two soft pretzels with queso and spicy mustard. Not a fan of the mustard at all, but the queso was decent. Anything with pretzel salt is delicious to me, but these pretzels made me question why i don't eat pretzels more often, they were soft and delicious. i also tried the buffalo chicken wrap and was pretty satisfied. It had good spice and i enjoyed that they threw in a little carrot/cucumber in there. (note to self reminder: sub ranch for blue cheese minus cilantro).  The main reason to come here if you haven't heard is for the beer. They have an extensive beer list that is tough to beat anywhere else. It looks like Monday is the best day to enjoy cheaper beer, $3 for most beers.  i enjoyed a few including Big Boss Aces & Ates, Sam Adams Winter, Foothills Seeing Double IPA, and my current favorite Olde Hickory Black Raven IPA. i opted to join the UFO club to begin the journey of getting my name on the wall or ceiling...If nothing else, i paid $18 for a t-shirt and a membership card. Fair enough.   We came with a group for a little unofficial Yelp event on trivia night and we won first place...no big deal.
4	Tuesday night trivia is so much fun here!  You should probably sit the near the front...the sound in the back is not so good.  The winners get a $50 gift certificate to the restaurant.  They can be quite communist about smart phone users, so serious trivialists only please!  My only gripe is that they take too long in between questions; 3 rounds of trivia takes about 2 1/2 hours!!
4	This is a very cool bar with great beer, good eats and helpful staff.  The only negative side to this bar is that it gets pretty busy because there is only one in town.  But, there are lots of bar seats, tables, big comfy leather chairs, and a huge outdoor patio.  My last visit was a Wednesday night around 6pm.  There wasn't an empty seat in the house but It worked out well for me because I kicked my date's ass in darts!  I've never really had dinner here but I've had the pretzel and it was really yummy!  I would definitely be a regular here if it was closer to my home.
4	Had my first visit to the Saucer a few weeks ago for a Trivia night. Beer selection is awesome and you'll find the prices reasonable too! Menu is great and this Cheesehead was very happy to see all the Brat menu items, including the Brat Nachos I started with! Had the chicken cheesesteak for me meal and it was pretty good, though the meat to bread ratio favored the bread.As for Trivia - they run a tight ship and it's a blast! The MC is really good and calls out all potential cheaters. Love it! I'll be back again soon when I'm in the University Area.
5	Ding Ding Ding!  We have a winner.  This is the best beer  brewery/tastery/deliciousry/savory place in all of Charlotte.  Well, at least I think so.  I just wish it was a little closer to Uptown (where I roam).  It is located up near UNC-Charlotte where I dont think the college youth truly respect good beer.  They are drinking the natty ice and PBRs of the world while this place serves over 300 better options.  Just sad.Seriously, when you walk in to this place you are figuratively smacked in the face with originality.  They do it all their way and you either love it or you don't.  I became a UFO member in about ummmmm 3 mins and 32 seconds.  $18 and you get a free Tshirt, membership card, and free brunch every Sunday 12pm-3pm for the rest of your life.  The brunch alone is worth it.  I went for beer on a Saturday and came back for brunch the next day.  The other perks are listed on the website and take a little time to accomplish.. Like try 200 different beers and get a $100 tab and your name forever enshrined on a plate on the wall.  I'm going for it!! Don't care about joining the BeerKnurd club... Thats cool too.  Just go on in and try the pretzel.. Let me rephrase that... YOU HAVE TO TRY THE PRETZEL.. I grew up in the Philadelphia area and we are used to brick pretzels.  Though the sad thing is that we like them.  Here, you get two huge... soft... fluffy.. wonderful pretzels.  How can someone be so excited about a pretzel, you ask??  Just trust me and order it.  Enjoy!-Ian M.
5	Beer Enthusiasts Rejoice!  Lots of beer options to choose from here from draft to bottle.  Definitely agree with Ian that the location should be closer to Uptown, but it is near my office which provides a good after work "cool down".I do have a running crew that runs on certain afternoons and we totally replace the lbs of sweat lost with beer weight.  It's a good time though and their menu is pretty diverse.  I usually go for the hippie or turkey burger with potato salad.I am still working towards my name being emblazoned on the wall... (75 beers in).  I like the fact that I started my UFO club membership in Raleigh and will probably finish it here in Charlotte.
5	Not really even sure how you can bad mouth the place....its beer heaven
5	This is a great neighborhood pub with a fantastic selection of great beers and nightly events/specials.  If you enjoy exploring the various tastes possible with diverse brewing styles, then this is the place for you.  Not only are there hundreds of beers available on tap and in a bottle, they also have a full menu.  The Hippie burger and the potato soup are great.If you join the UFO club you receive opportunities for coupons, specials, events and free brunch every Sunday.  It's a great deal.
4	If you are a beer connoisseur, you need to go here.  Personally, I love this bar.  This place is 5 miles from my office and 5 miles from my house, no wonder I made it to 200 beers so easily!  The Flying Saucer literally has approximately 300 unique beers, with at least 100 on tap, and some of them are rotating beers.  Additionally, they have daily specials, like pint night with $3 pints and biggie beers for the price of a pint and even beer poker.  Their loyalty program is also rad, drink 200 unique beers and get a $100 tab on the house to have a party with your friends (I'm 421).  Fear not non-beer drinkers, they also have liquor drinks.  Their food menu is decent, I mean, it's bar food...The pretzels with queso dip are the best!  And the scenery, aka the waitresses, aren't bad to look at either...in their school girl uniforms.  They have pool tables in the back and good music streaming, unless a crappy band happens to be playing.  If a band is playing and there is a cover, Beer Knurd members get in for free.Prost!
4	Beer selection:  amazing.  Location:  across the street from my office, so, highly convenient.  Food:  not so amazing.  Well, except for the Sheboygan side-by-side with the hot German potato salad.  It's the closest thing to Wisconsin you can get in Charlotte.
5	I went back and forth for a while on 4 or 5 stars. As you can see, I couldn't justify only giving 4, I really can't think of anything I don't like about this place. First of all, this is where I met my wife, she was sitting at the bar drinking water. Water?!?!? With all those incredible draft selections, she was drinking water. I should have known something was off right away! lolAnyways back to the Saucer, draft beer menu, some really good bar quality food, pool tables. Great seating, inside & out. I don't know if they still have open mic nights, but back when I was coming regularly Mondays were open mic, a lot of fun. Wednesdays were always pint nights, where you get a glass included to take home!A lot has probably changed, but i'm sure its the same great friendly atmosphere, with incredible friends, and great beer.
3	Well, I don't drink beer.  So that's not a draw for me.  But I do eat food and I have friends who drink beer.  So I came here for dinner and comradery and was pleasantly not severely disappointed.  Most bar food is wretched and disgusting with little selection and bad service.  But here the food was almost decent in quality and quite tasty with a wide selection and above mediocre service.  It's actually OK.  I wouldn't come here just for dinner, and it's terribly noisy so that having a conversation is basically impossible, but the patio is almost nice and the people here are friendly.  So I wouldn't refuse to go here again...but I won't recommend it either.
5	Waited on by a Beer Goddess!  She knew the correct answer to every question, steered our menu choices, & knew how to handle gluten issues.  Usinger brats delicious, big dipper sandwich, pizza, & hippy hollow all likewise!  Wish they were in my neck of the woods.  Taco Mac would be out of biz!!
5	Love the selection and chocolate stout! Great service and knowledgeable staff. Went on a Tuesday had half off lunch.
5	The first couple times I came here, I had no idea it was a chain. Then one day I was passing through Raleigh and there was another one. Chain or not, The Flying Saucer is a fine establishment for beer drinkers. With a beer selection that appears to approach national debt numbers, it's pretty tough to not find a beer you are interested in. The food is so-so but really, who cares. Knock back a few of your favorites and that soft pretzel with cheese and mustard to dip it in tastes like a gourmet feast. Just for kicks, join the UFO club and after you consume enough beers, you get a personalized plate on the wall or ceiling or wherever there's room these days. My one complaint?  Too far from home.
4	Situated on the corner of a strip mall, this place is fairly easy to find.The atmoshpere is that of a fairly traditional pub. Lots of dark wood lines the walls and the place is covered in saucers, some merely decorative and others representing those in the "UFO Club". There is an area for live music, and a couple of dart boards, I did not wander around or to take in the entire place, but I was told that there is an area with billiard tables as well. Really, it's a nice change from some of the Charlotte area drinking establishments that lack character and are littered with TV's...The service was terrific. The waitresses are wearing school girl outfits, complete with tiny little plaid skirts, knee high argyle socks, and skin tight tank tops. Somewhat similar to the outfits worn by the Tilted Kilt girls. Quite appealing. Aside from thier appearance the wait staff seem to have at least a rudimentary knowledge of the beers on thier list.The beer selection was outstanding, somewhere around 100 taps, and at least as many bottles covering a wide array of styles. If only they planned thier food menu as well.The food was uninspired, and fairly plain. Fairly standard chain pub fare, and not terribly well executed at that. Not that the food was bad, just not terrific. And definately not worth the prices.They do have some specials, I think they have a couple of days a week where drafts are $3, but overall I found the beer and food pricing to be a bit high.Overall, I would definately go back. The atmosphere and the extensive draft list are alluring, even if the food is not.
4	First let me disclose that I joined their beer club.... So, you know it must be good.  Still, despite my membership, I do not visit that much because it is always overcrowded and very hard if not impossible to get any seating during popular times ( Friday, Saturday, certain week nights).   Seating is a first come, first served basis so you really do have to fight to get a seat when one becomes available.  People are freaking aggressive!!  So, make sure you wear your running shoes and maybe a helmet.The last two times I went I ended up leaving with out eating or getting a beer.  Once I had friends with me and after waiting 45 minutes, gave up on getting any seats.  The other time I went with my wife and my 18 year old cousin and we had to leave the premises because despite being a restaurant, if you are under 21, you must be accompanied by a parent or legal guardian.  Seems stupid since they ID and there is no way we would have let her drink anyway.Bullshit aside, this is a fun place if you manage to get seated.  There is an immense selection of beers.  In fact, there is nearly anything you could possibly want.  I am craving a beer thinking about it!  The food is pretty good too!  I have had most everything on the menu and have enjoyed it all.Aside from the beer, it is the atmosphere that sells the place.  Picture a cozy pub, sometimes with a live band, plates all over the walls and ceiling - mostly to do with the beer club,  hot young women in tight shirts and plaid skirts, etc..The only thing I would improve is the building itself.  It should be 3x the size and maybe have an upstairs that is like a huge wraparound balcony so you can see and be part of all the action below.
4	I'd been here a number of years back, and I'm glad I came back!  Good food, great beer selection, and outstanding service (even on a busy night.)  We only went for a snack and a few beers, but I'll be going back and augmenting this review as needed!
4	Love this bar and the idea. Tons of beer and interesting people.
5	The Saucer is my favorite place to get a beer in Charlotte. I originally tried this place about 7 years ago and couldn't deal with the smoke. I kind of gave up on it after that. However since, they've banned smoking in restaurants a few years ago myself and some guys from work stopped by one night and I've been coming here about once a week since.The pretzels are awesome, the brats are as well. Beer selection... well if they don't have something you like chances are you just don't like beer. Hell, even then they have a full bar not to mention beer drinks with flavors that most people who "don't like beer" wouldn't imagine to exist in beer. My wife (who isn't a big beer person) loves the hummingbird water which is a pear cider and raspberry lambic that tastes like a liquid jolly rancher.The girls that work there really know their beer and usually make excellent recommendations. It can be a bit loud if it's busy so sometimes talking can be a challenge. The backroom is usually better in those situations. They've also renovated the back room so, it isn't so hard to get a table these days.
4	I always come here after playing a round of Par 3 golf next door.  How can you go wrong with hundreds of beers, pretty girls and descent bar food?  You can't!  Cool spot - check it out!
5	I. Love. Flying. Saucer. By far my favorite place in Charlotte to grab a beer. It's even better now that smoking is longer allowed inside.
3	Great idea, good menu, service is inconsistent, prices are slightly high for beer, average for food.So there are different aspects of this place.  First off, the menu.  Their menu is very vegetarian friendly.  Hummus, spin-art dip, soft pretzels, tater tots, pizza, cheese plates, 2 veggie sammies, some salads and a Spicy Beer Cheese Soup that I wish I had tried.  So I definitely give credit to a place that tries to be veg-friendly.I ordered the Hippie Burger (veggie patty).  It was OK.  But the thing was that it came with a side, and I asked the server if the potato salad had bacon in it.  She said no.  But the first bite had bacon in it.  So, I'll just say that I was very dissatisfied with that.Whatever, I kept trucking.  And anyways, the real reason to go to this place is the beer.  I'm sure other reviewers have gone into great detail about their gigantic beer selection, so I'll keep it short.  While the idea is great, it falls a little short.  While the size of the menu is supposed to be its selling point, its just too big!!!  And it has a lot of filler.  I noticed one reviewer who said that this is the biggest beer selection in NC.  Well, maybe, but biggest is not necessarily best (innuendo unavoidable :)  It's hard to take a lot of pride in a beer bar that has a bunch of macros and second rate micros, but (if my eyes don't deceive me) not a single saison?  And barely any lambics to speak of.  Whatever, they still have some pretty good stuff, I'm just being picky, but it seems like with a little quality control their selection could go from good to great.This one was a little tough to rate.  Part of me wants to give it a 2 (bacon), part a 3 (atmosphere), part a 4 (beer and food menu), and part a 5 (the idea).  So take that 3 I gave it according to what you want out of this place.Oh yeah, this place can be REALLY loud inside.  Like uncomfortably loud, so might want to grab seat outside if that bothers you.
5	For a fun, low key hang out, I've gotta give this place 5 stars.  I think for bar food, it is terrific!  So far I've tried the cheese fries, spinach and artichoke dip, and their pizza (with bratwurst, mmm).  I can't find anything that I think is mediocre.  It's always been better than expected.  As for the beer - I can't think of anywhere else you can go to find as many selections.  I'm not a huge beer drinker (check out my profile - Bacardi always makes my party :p ).  However, that being said, I've had some pretty damn good ones here!  On Monday it is $3 pint night and on Thursdays they feature a $3 beer.  On top of the good food and drink, Flying Saucer also does Trivia nights, DJ nights, and live music nights!  Not a huge fan of the servers in mini skirts but I have a feeling that may be a gender related bias :)
3	large selection of draft and specials on pricing.  Quality staff.
5	Love it!  Huge beer selection and great bar food.  Raunchy Trivia and warm soft pretzels.  Plus lots of attractive bar maids!
4	Great place to hangout for a while and catch a game. I always sit at the bar. Lots and lots of beer to choose from and if you have any questions about any of the beer someone will always be there to help you out. Very friendly staff and service is awesome. Food is great! Tasty and not greasy which is a nice change from typical bar food. This place has definitely opened the "beer door" for me. I've been trying lots of different beers that I don't think i would ever have done if not for discovering this place!
4	Great place and enough beer there to please anyone. You have to join the beer club and try to drink around the world. I am in the process of this now and I am having a lot of fun doing it! The food is ok but when you do go there you MUST get the pretzels the dipping sauce is great. You can either dip it in Cheese sauce or spicy mustard. I tell you, it is real hot. Go on Football game days they have great drink specials.
4	So many beer options, decent food, and pint night for $3 on Monday.
4	This is a great place to grab a beer, the staff is excellent.  Beer prices are steep so you may want to go on Saturday, Sundays or Mondays because they have $3 specials.  I love this bar.
4	Great food and great brew! Definitely will be back.
4	Around 10 of my friends already have their honorary plates on the ceiling, so I go there a lot for their unveiling parties.  It's a nice open environment and they have a great selection of brews.  The giant pretzel is the way to go.  So fluffy and lovely :)
5	What can I say, I am a beerknurd.  Honestly I love this place.  Yes, some of the beers can get pricey, but there is nowhere else around that offers this combination of beer selection, atmosphere and service.The beer selection is fabulous, there are so many great beers and many varieties.  It's a beer lover's paradise.  The atmosphere inside suits me.  It's dark, dark furniture, dark walls, covered with plates of course.  If you like a bright cheery clubish atmosphere, this isn't for you.  The food is pretty good.  It's a little different than your standard bar fare.  The rocket tots are really good, so are the pretzels and most of the sandwiches.  I've been here many times, and the service, IMO, has always been excellent.  Even when I've gone at peak times, these girls know how to handle it.  In my experience it's been very rare that I've had to flag down a server, they are almost always on top of their game here.I definitely recommend this place if you are a beer fanatic.  You won't be disappointed.
4	In honor of completing our first year of grad school (celebration was a few weeks late but so what) some friends and checked out this place.  We had all heard of it but none of us had been before.  All we knew was that it was a place for us to have a drink or two or three.  Who's counting.  My friends are beer connoisseurs or enthusiasts if you will.  I on the other hand am not.  I don't know the first thing about beer except that what I've had in the past I didn't like.  Fruity cocktails are more my speed.  So, I was thinking to myself great I'm going to have to sit here and watch my friends celebrate as I sip on a Sprite.  Woohoo!  Lo and behold there are mixed beer combos that are sweet.  Yay!!! Who knew.  Maybe you did but I sure didn't.  I had the Hummingbird H20 and it was yummy.  I then tried the Snakebite which wasn't as yummy but it wasn't terrible.  Our server was great and really knowledgeable about all of the drinks (the Snakebite wasn't her recommendation for me but I was being adventurous).  Which is quite impressive since there are hundreds to choose from.    Greatest part was that the drinks were cheap.  Only $5 a piece for my tall glasses of brew.  Definitely a great place to chill with good people and kick back a few.  There's also a full menu.  Always best to drink on a full stomach just something I learned over the years :-)
5	Flying Saucer is the Taj Mahal of beer gardens. Each time I've visited, the beer selection seems to have grown or something has been added that wasn't previously available to the human race. The walls are lined with plaques from local Pro Beer Drinkers. You can register your beer-capades and work your way up to earning your own plaque. Sounds like grounds for a great DYL, am I right?! I've enjoyed most every nook of this fountain-esque beer haven. Great outdoor seating, cozy inside seating and the bar is long and hospitable. Here's a tip: order the pretzel. Oh, man. I can't think of a better pairing of food/beer. Salty, warm, chewy, soft pretzel with melty, melty cheese. Throw in a tall German beer and it's like being 21 all over again. What a treat. This is the premier establishment to grab a craft or import beer north of Uptown. Can be overrun with UNCC students and other beer fanatics. Sometimes difficult to find a table for large parties. Absolutely love this joint and always stop in for a quick brew if in the area! Cheers!
5	Pretzels are sooo good. Beware the mustard has horseradish and your nose will work WAY Better. Great pizza but Damn, the beer selection is off the chain. Doin it again and again.
4	Beer, Beer, and well yeah more beer. If you love beer and you want to try every type of beer imaginable, this is the place to go. When you walk through these doors, you will see nothing but plates everywhere. You must ask yourself, what are all these for? Well my friend, these are trophies for those who come here very often and earn it.Anyways, I came here several times and have been procrastinating on my writing. Thus, here it is:Beer that's unheard of / unknown + Incentive to drink = fun times.Now, they don't only just serve all types of beers but they also have appetizers and food that will accompany your taste in beer to fill you up in that part of your stomach (if the beer didn't fill you up already)In the end, this place is definitely a place to hang out and just conversate (you'll notice a ton of college students during the school year as UNCC is not even 5 minutes away). Hours will fly by especially if you're curious on what type of beer is good and what isn't. The only problem here I find is that it is a little pricey, especially when you're a heavy drinker. Other than, have a beer or two and join the UFO club and get that plaque!
5	A penny-lined wall of taps. Egyptian Pharaohs watching from the bar (who, for you historical types, the Egyptians fed their children bread and beer). And walls and ceilings covered in plates, physical manifestations of the most ambitious revelry of those who grace the dark-stained wooden stools. You see, for each flying saucer above your head, a person has had at a minimum of 200 beers at that bar.The Saucer is a staple in University City and has the best beer selection in East Charlotte, hands down. Local brews? Check. Big-name crafts? Check. Imports galore? Check. During the school year it can be overrun by UNCC undergrads, but hey, you have to learn how to drink somewhere, right?Come have a beer, join the UFO club, and start working your plate!
4	Great place for beer and mingling. The food is fair.
4	This place is great if you are looking for a big variety of beer, although I have heard Taco Mac has more (have yet to go there).  This is a good locals spot for UNCC students, workers in the area and folks that live nearby (you get some walkers like myself).  The beer can be a bit pricey if you plan on having more than a couple (beers average about $4.00-$5.00 a pint) unless you go on a Monday, in which they have "Damn Near All" for $3.00 a pint.  The girls dress nice (for a guy like myself - Hey! I enjoy the atmosphere).  They usually wear some type of kilted dress and that gives the place some bonus points in my opinion.  The food here is pretty stellar too for a bar joint.  Bratwurst, pretzels and the spinach/artichoke dip is pretty of the chain here.  Overall, a good experience except for the pricing.  Beers are a bit steep but that's what you pay for when you want craft beer from across the world/country.  If you are a beer person, step right in.  This is the place to be!
4	as a girl, i love the saucer!first, the food is pretty outstanding. jalapeno cheddar tater tots with habanero sour cream! the french dip is out of this world. burgers are also really good. they have like 400 kinds of beers and you can get samplers called "flights" where you get maybe 2oz of 5 different beers by country or region (there is a german flight, a UK flight, a US flight, a NC flight, etc). there is also beer poker, where the 'tender selects a beer for you (for $2) if you're really into beer you can join their beer club and if you drink ALL the different beers then you get a numbered plate on the wall.try the lost coast downtown brown-- i think it might be my favorite beer. a friend bought me a shot that the 'tender said tasted like a white gummy bear. the man didn't lie and the shot was fantastic. the music played is great; a lot of 90's-00's. last time we went was a saturday night and there was live music going on. and the girls wear super short plaid skirts (if you're into that sort of thing) :)
5	The beer selection is amazing...definitely a place to check out if you are a beer person...all types of beer from all around the world...and I can't forget the food is pretty good too!
4	Aswesome beer selection. I love coming here.
4	I'm not one for beer, but i have to give the Flying Saucer an awesome score. If i could do half points I'd give it a 4.5. The only thing i can say about he Saucer is that they are on top of it.  The staff is as friendly as a bar staff should be even when customers are being somewhat suggestive and just down right gross. The menu promotes some typical bar fare, some that's good some that not so good. I recommend the beer cheese soup that comes in the bread bowl. Its smooth and creamy with just enough of a bitter bite and spice that let's you know its made with the restaurants name sake. You won't find a lot of pampas jerks in this bar like other places in the university which make for a pretty nice time for the non-fratty crowd young and older alike. Try the standard Monday night Pint Night or Trivia through out the week. You will not be let down.
4	Pretty good food here and the beer selection is of the chain.
3	I would give this place about 3.5 overall. I have been going there for 7 years, so this is not some uneducated review... This place is aimed more at rich college students than beer aficionados. Some pluses and minuses:Food price and taste-4.5 Most everything I have had there is good and reasonable price.Beer quality and selection-4.6 Samples are available, huge amount of selection, beers served in appropriate glasses, don't think if I have ever gotten a "funky" beer (some places don't clean their draft systems), and fairly knowledgable on the beers.Beer prices-2.5 This is where the "rich college kids" comment comes in to play. They have specials, especially NC beer Sunday and pint nite Monday, which is about the only times I go. But the normal prices for most beers are .50 to $1.50 too much.Wine-2.0 I know it's a beer place, but sometimes people in your party don't like beer.The wine is overpriced, mediocre at best, and often has been open for days.Service- 4.0Most the staff are cute and helpful but there is the occasional terrible service night.Atmosphere- 3 Gets very loud at nights! Combine walls covered in plates with the customers and music volume knob constantly trying to overcome each other, and your throat will be sore the next day. No seriously! Drunk frat boys, noise, and on hot summer days it is 90 plus inside. Sunday afternoons and early evenings are best times to go to actually "hear" yourself taste the beer... The dark wood walls would be nice if it were not for the tacky plates.In summary, if you want to enjoy a good meal and a good beer plan to do it earlier in the day.
4	Tons of beer...lost a star for, at best, avg food.
5	First night in Charlotte and just wanted some bar food, nothing fancy. Thought it would be dead on a Monday night, didn't know they offer $3 draft beers on Monday night!  Service was great, Emily stopped by the table consistently to see if anything was needed.  When you ordered a beer despite how busy it was, it was on the table in a minute or two.  Had the Sheboygan Side-by-Side with fries instead of potato salad.  The fries were a little cold, but Emily quickly addressed the situation by bringing out hot fries making this a five star review.  If you like a a variety of beers, good brat's, and great service come to the Flying Saucer.
5	I love the Saucer. The beer is great, the company is diverse to say the least, the staff is very groovy, and the food is good. Their burgers are really good, as are the rocket tots.  I am never disappointed when I leave, only when I can't go!
5	Great place for a happy hour after work (it's near where I work, Univ Research Park) or a beer during the day or a night out.  Selection is excellent, some of the servers are good with recommendations, others not so much.  They carry many of my favorite beers and I have also found some great new ones here as well.  Food is pretty good, I go there more for the beer, so there's that.  I typically stick with the pretzels, they are phenomenal, get the regular queso, the cream cheese based dip will harden as it cools.  They have good lunch specials, 5.99 on weekdays for a specific sandwich plate each day.  The club is my favorite lunch special.
5	Holy crap! How have I not written a review for this place yet?! I'm here easily once a week! They have a great selection of beer and the wait staff is WONDERFUL. They're friendly and funny and if they have time, will usually sit down with you for a couple of minutes to talk and laugh. There are one or two waitresses ( the second may have left) who seem to favor certain groups over others and have given pretty lackluster service every time we have been. There's one in particular who seems to favor groups of guys over our group (probably because she thinks they'll tip better) which I think is a huge mistake on her part because I always tip 25-30% or more, even for just average service. When I went a few days ago, we had this waitress. We planned on getting three beers and some food but since she didn't seem interested in getting us drinks until we were out of beer, taking our food orders, or even just checking up on us in general, we sat there for two hours and only got two beers. If I had this experience my first time there, I never would have returned, but thankfully the other waitresses make up for it. They're wonderful company and always give really good recommendations for new beers. Their food is delicious. Try the soft pretzels with warm cream cheese-chive dip. Or the spinach artichoke dip. Or the queso. Lauren's Goat Cheese Salad is terrific too, along with the sandwiches. The only food I have an issue with is the hummus. I'm not big on spicy hummus and  theirs has some spice mixed in that I just personally don't like. Someone else might though. Just a personal preference.And I cannot say enough about the beer. I have had a Crem Brulee Stout. I have had a maple bacon beer. I have had beers that most people generally could not fathom. The lowest price on any beer is $3, but it's always worth it. They have a very wide selection and if you're a beer nerd, you should really consider joining their UFO club and becoming a Beer Knurd. After 200 beers, you get a plate on the wall with your name and as crazy of a quote as you can think of. It's really fun to stare at all the plates on the ceiling after a few beers too. All in all, despite the tiny issues of the spicy hummus and the waitress that gives biased service, this place is still deserving of the 5 stars. Their trivia night is also always challenging, but very fun :-) Oh and they allow dogs on the patio so we bring ours every once in a while.
4	Having been to my first Flying Saucer via Houston I just had to see if Charlotte's location could meet or exceed that one.  I noticed the moment I walked in that the interior is acutally a little smaller but decorated almost identically.  Plates on the ceilings, booths along the wall and large sofa and chairs for lounging.  I really want to come back and just sit in those chairs and drink some cold beverages.The food is a little better than bar food, although my girlfriend was a bit robbed when it comes to value of her roast beef sandwich she ordered.  Personally I love the rocket tots and the space club I got was delicious.Now for the most important part the beer.  Yes, this place has tons of it and while I really wanted to take a run for getting my own plate on the wall, the location of this place is just too far from my house for me to really give it a go.
4	There's not much I can add that hasn't been said about the Flying Saucer. They've got your bar standards: tons of choices on tap, some dart boards, trivia night, sometimes even live music and with the Uni right across Tryon they've found themselves in the perfect locale.Where they raise the bar is with the uniqueness factor. It's hard to miss the hundreds of gold rimmed plate-plaques filling the walls floor to ceiling - and the ceiling! You can drink to your delight a pint-sized sampling of a couple hundred *different* beers to claim your own fame-plate on the wall. The contest doesn't stop there. Do the same thing 10 times over (yeah that's something like 2000 pints) and from what I understand you will have earned yourself a trip to some epic beer-bash in Colorado.Staffed with plaid mini-skirt clad young ladies, the men are always in for the treat of eye candy. They're friendly in here to say the least. Watch for weekly deals such as cheaply priced pints and local brews. Also the food ain't all that bad.
4	When I said I wanted to get some sausage and couple of beers, I didn't expect to end up here.  Yes, the male to female ratio is a bit out-of-control, but this is not what I meant by a "sausage house."  Oh well.The Saucer is tough not to like...unless you hate beer and short skirts.  What I find most amusing about the Saucer...is the opportunity it presents to its patrons.  You can earn your own plaque on the wall for drinking copious amounts of beer...showing how big of an alcoholic you are.  This is sort of like a Yelper checking in to the liquor store every time they visit.  Hey everybody...look at how much I drink...lol!So maybe I have a plaque...whatever..."Don't judge me Earl!"  Old "They Call Me Earl" quote free of charge.The food at the saucer is...wait...they have food here?  Yea, that's what I came for...the food...wink.Try:  Anything CorsendonkAvoid:  Bringing the battle axe
3	I am only giving this place 3 stars based on their beer selection and my companion's lunch quality.  When we stopped in with the kids it was a really nice big restaurant.  They have a sitting area and great big bar.  Very fun atmosphere with all the plates on the ceiling of the adventuresome drinkers.  Service was great and fast.  I had the Saucer Dipster sandwich - man what  a let down.  It was supposed to be like a French Dip I think.  It was just two pieces of roast beef on a huge hard roll with one piece of cheese.  What a let down.  And i paid $8.49?!?!?!  Everyone else liked their sandwiches tho so we will probably be back except I for sure wont get that again.
4	Not bad.Had a birthday celebration here with my large group of friends. Overall, not bad.Place - far north of Charlotte. It was a bit of a drone, coming from the South Park area. The venue inside was just as I have remembered in Houston, with all the saucer decor. It was packed on a Saturday night. Thankfully, my friends and I managed to grab a table!Service - out waitress was attentive and brought us out what we had asked. So she gets an A+Selections - they have a whole bunch of beers in bottles and taps. I chose this place for their Linderman's Framboise -- which they ran out that day! Man, talk about my luck :( The waitress was kind enough to suggest other beers.. She missed the first one (didn't like the beer much), but got it on the second one (better suggestion).  Sorry, forgot what those beer names were.Price - decently priced. At least they were not over $10 for a beer like other places. So this is definitely an establishment I would revisit someday.Music - one live man guy playing the guitar was cool. Played various music of 90s, 00s, and etc.
5	Oh Flying Saucer how have I not reviewed you yet? Incredible hang out joint in the University City area. Great location, great atmosphere. Definitely a bar for any occasion. The brew selection is absolutely outrageous- they have the largest selection around easily. The food is pretty damn good too. I first started coming here in '06 when I started school at UNCC. The Monday night "Pint Night" was and is the greatest time to go. I can recall back in the day you could get any pint off nearly half of their brew selection for $2.50. Now-a-days, not much has changed. I still get up nearly once a week and attempt to chip away at my UFO club membership. For those who don't know about their UFO Club, by becoming a member you are given a card in which you attempt to try 200 different types of brews. The membership is $20, comes with a free T-shirt, and gives you access to a free brunch every Sunday. You also get a "plate party" for you and a few friends, in which you create a custom plate to mount on their wall with your name on it. Ok and not trying to be creepy or anything but their servers are absolutely amazing. Very friendly and more pleasing to your eye than your local busted-ass Hooters girl. I have not come across one I didn't like to this day.The Saucer has an adequate number of TV's, darts, couches, and video games. They frequently air DirecTV sports games. There is both indoor and outdoor seating.
3	I like the beer selection and love the Colorado beer connection since I have roots from there. However the food side needs a little work. More pizza selections and sizes wouldn't hurt would they? Appetizers aren't bad in general. Overall it's a decent place to go for a chain joint.
4	I've been to the Saucer probably 5 or 6 times so far, and it's pretty awesome. I'm not really a beer drinker, but they have a TON. I enjoy their beer poker nights, when you can try a random brew for cheap. The food is good, for a bar.  The jalapeno Rocket Tots are definitely a favorite. The service is usually great, and of course, is easy on the eyes. My only complaint is that it gets REALLY loud in here sometimes, to the point that it's hard to hear any conversation at all.  Not sure how that could be remedied, but there you have it. Give this place a shot if you're looking to try some new brews!
4	Stopped at the Saucer for dinner with some good friends before we headed out to a show at the amphitheater. I've snacked here before but usually have a liquid dinner since there's so many beers on tap. I grabbed a Purple Haze, on special for $3 (woot woot!) and we ordered rocket tots for an app. The tots come filled with cheesy goodness and served with jalapeno sour cream for dipping - delicious and just a bit of kick! And with me being a sour cream fiend, that definitely helped my opinion on these.I ordered a turkey burger with pepper jack cheese and a side salad. Both were quite tasty and the burger was nice and juicy. My friend order her burger with a side salad and received fries instead but the waitress came over to check on us and quickly corrected it. Great service here! The food was a bit slow, which wasnt a big deal since we had the time, but my friend Bryan mentioned it's good food but always tends to take a bit long to make it to the table.Only thing downside about Flying Saucer is all the tables and booths are very close together. With it being busy last night, it was a bit of a maze weaving through it all to get to the bathroom. But other than that, great hang out, always a beer on special and our server was very knowledgeable and friendly!
2	My advice - come here for the beer if you're in the University area, but skip the food.Flying Saucer does have an amazing selection of beer, especially great beers on tap I'm not sure how many they have, but it's more than 30).  On certain days, you can pay $3-4 and get some sort of mystery beer.  What can I say - I love the mystery of it!  I got a Mexican Logger and thought it was pretty good.Their menu has pretty standard bar-fare, with sandwiches, wings, and pizza.  Their pretzels were decent, but I had a River Rocket sandwich and was thoroughly unimpressed.  For the portion sizes and quality, their food is seriously overpriced.  One Sunday, my partner and I came in while he got an oil change.  It was probably a little before noon, and we came here because we thought breakfast places would be busy.  We intended to just get lunch, but lo and behold, we say people with plates and breakfast food on them.  Not knowing anything about it and asked the waitress, who did not tell us much except that apparently it is $11 if you are not a member.  It turns out this was a TERRIBLE idea.  So, I asked if they had coffee, which they did - SERVED IN A REGULAR BEER GLASS.  It was a very weird situation for us.  All the food on it was cold, it had only eggs, sausage, potatoes, and some muffins.  First off, it was GROSS.  Second, there was barely anything left on it and they were not refilling it (when we left, it was all gone).  It would have been nice for our waitress to tell us this before we ordered, but she looked like she could not be bothered.  I probably would have complained, but we decided instead to pay and leave.  It was a lesson learned to check the buffet before just blindly ordering.  Another family came in afterward for the buffet, which turns out had no food on it by that time.  I can't believe the waitress did not warn us of this before we ordered.Because of this last experience, I don't think I'll ever go back.  I have no doubt Sunday afternoon is just a bad time to come, but this visit just completely soured me on the place.  They really have nothing here I can't get somewhere I like better.
4	Good food and drinks before going to a concert at the verizon wireless amphitheatre up the street. ~Cheers
2	Really hate to do it- but last night was pretty awful here. On any normal day you seem to get by with the average slip here or two, which is always amended right away, but this really took the cake. Glass night- Monty Python goblet. Knew what kind of turn out they were going to have so we made it a point to get there 30mins early. Even with getting there this early, we literally only had one table in the back open. Packed house. Our waitress, Amanda, came over and took our order right away for the glasses. We had no reason to believe we wouldn't get them as it was roughly 6:40 at this point. Right at 7, glasses were given out to a few tables around us. We sat. And sat. And sat. Finally she came out to tell us we wouldn't be getting ours due to the fact they had only received half the shipment. I'll circle back to this later.She also said the manager would come out and speak with us and that we had a free beer on them. Well long story short the manager never came to speak with us and the free beer was only limited to house brews, so if you were trying to pick away at your UFO club with 100+ brews tasted already, that didn't sound like it was happening either.The thing that REALLY aggravated me was that the manager, who I didn't know until she was pointed out last night, came around to 5 other tables in the back area and apologized for the mishap. Every table BUT ours! She walked back up front and never came back!The entire experience was fairly upsetting for being an avid fan of this place. If what was told to us was true, Amanda did a good job of handling herself, I'm sure that night was a mess for any waitress. As far as management is concerned, yeah, I am still pretty pissed off.And as per the glasses, which is whatever really, when you know your frequent customers see them out on the shelves on Monday, I would use a better excuse than "we didn't know we only had half the shipment", that is just pretty lame. Not to mention who doesn't inventory when they initially receive items??
5	Oh yeah.  Even the pubs in Dublin aren't as merry.  Lots of beer and menus is mostly german food.  The waitresses are really cute, lots of beer to chose from and the food is good. I had their German plate. It comes with German Potato Salad and it was tangy, warm, and there was some herb in it. Plate came with 2 sausages and a heap of saurkraut. I will likely eat it again.This place is wonderful. People are relaxing, the beer is cold and the waitresses add to the fun.
4	Fun place
5	Great atmosphere! Love the selection of beers on tap, interesting plates on the walls and ceiling, the fact that you can bring your dog to the outside area. Quesadilla and pretzel were delicious. Wait staff was very friendly.
2	Slow service. Horribly under staffed. Waited a while to get my order taken, food and bill. Even during football Sunday, really need to hire more people and turn up the volume on the TV.
4	Flying Saucer is a little tricky to find if you're not familiar with the area, but it was worth the effort. In my pre-gluten-free life, I would have really enjoyed the extensive beer selection. They probably had 75-80 beers available. Saucers hung throughout the restaurant celebrate those who have successfully tasted 200 beers at Flying Saucer. OK. I might be off on the number. I think it was 200. I could be wrong.Since I was unable to enjoy the wide selection of normal beer, I settled for the gluten-free Lakefront New Grist beer. Not bad. It's no Belgian white, but it wasn't bad at all.The German plate with two brats was delicious. I love a good sauerkraut with a brat, and Flying Saucer definitely hit the mark on both.More importantly, the wait staff was great. I got to the restaurant about 20 minutes before the rest of my party. The waitress Lauren was more than happy to chat for a couple of minutes while I waited.
4	Best beer selection in the area. Wait staff is so friendly and knowledgeable.  Heck the waitresses know more about beer than I do! That's saying something. The brat con queso  is a an awesome appetizer.
5	I am a HUGE fan of the Flying Saucer brand. Lots of beer and great food! It is a chain, but it feels more like a local bar. We came here on Saturday evening, since we were in the University area. (I wish there was one walking distance to our apartment in Uptown!!!). We sat at one of the small semi-circle booths....these are cute cause we can sit side by side and watch football. There was a wheat beer on special so I immediately ordered that without even looking at who brewed it. It was delish so I drank that the rest of the night. My husband ordered various beers throughout the night. They have so many beers on tap! We are huge microbrewery fans and love to support local breweries....so we usually stick to the NC ones (Lonerider, Natty Greens, NODA, etc, etc, etc). The food is basically German with some American dishes. We ordered the soft pretzals with beer cheese. We have ordered this many times in the past and new it was a winner. Dang those pretzals are awful for you but so good. The beer cheese is some of the best we ever tasted AND we recently went to Germany! Spent the evening drinking beer, watching football, and playing darts. It was great! Service was spot on as well
5	Nice place, atmosphere and of course the beers...
3	This place was ok.  It had its good points and bad points.  First off, if you don't know where it is, it's super hard to find.  It's kind of tucked in a corner and you don't see it really until you are right in front of it.  They had a great beer selection and a lot of the beers I had never even heard of.  I liked how they had them grouped on the menu.  The brats I had were good but the service sucked.  It took forever for my cousin and I to get waited on and the waitress didn't seem that friendly.  I'd probably give it another chance because I liked the beer selection.
5	Great selection of beers. Not the best food but it's a beer bar after all. Was a better place when they had pool tables but not a bad place to watch a ballgame now.  Monday has really good specials for draft beers. And seasonal rotations offer great new selections.
5	Love flying saucer, can get a little loud or which I'm not a fan, but you can find so many delicious beers. I don't turn it down when someone wants to go. I recommend the bratwurst plate, my favorite.
4	I feel like sometimes the saucer is over rated but maybe that's because sometimes I just want a Miller Lite
5	We come here often. Great beer, good food, friendly service. Good place to go for a relaxing and fun atmosphere, where you can have a conversation.
4	Really had fun. The food is great and the staff are really nice and attentive. The selection of beer is just crazy large and staff is fairly knowledgable about the beer and can even make great recommendations.
5	Awesome employees, amazing beer selection, you don't get ignored even if they're busy, the food is top notch, it's in a great location, and it's always clean. Can't get much better than that.
4	Two things really stood out for me when visiting the Flying Saucer. 1. The beer selection is amazing. Excellent draft selection and a long bottle list. 2. The service is top notch. All the servers were beautiful, attentive, fast, and beer knowledgeable. The food is good but not great. Had the Hippie Burger which was supposed to have a jalapeno pesto. The burger was good but there was no taste of jalapeno at all which is what I was hoping for. The group I was with shared the pretzels (incredible spicy mustard) and the rocket tots. The pretzels were good but the tots were nothing to rave about. The next time I went had the beer and cheese soup and shared a pizza, which again both were good but not great. I would definitely come back again for the beer and service though.
5	I live walking distance from The Saucer, so I frequent the place pretty regularly. A lot of my friends also love the place, so I'm either there with either a group of 4+, or just me and my roommate. Indoors they have lots of booths and tables, and outside on the patio there are wooden picnic tables. The waitresses are all very friendly and know their beer. I usually just stick to the ciders and Hummingbird Water (raspberry framboise and pear cider) or mixed drinks, since I'm not a beer drinker. It's hard to resist their big soft pretzels, which comes with queso or other dipping sauces. Their pizza is also very good. I haven't tried much of their other food, but my friends say the saucer burger is amazing. They have the UFO club, where you can sign up and try to reach 200 different kinds of beers. (3 per night can be counted toward your total) My roommate signed up and has been working her way through. If you can reach 200, you get a plate with your name on the ceiling/walls. (The establishment is covered in plates, both the name plates and also just decorative plates.)Some nights it's more crowded than others, but I don't think I've ever had a bad experience. It's a pretty reliable a good time.
5	Great set of Drafts available. Great atmosphere for drinking. Its usually crowded on weekdays and weekends are worst.
4	I became a fan of the Saucer years ago, when someone told me that there's beer beyond the Bud. It was here where my love for craft beer began. There are about 300 varieties on hand to choose from and the servers can help guide you through the list. Speaking of servers, the service is almost always spot on, which makes the experiences that much better. Get the cheese fries, they're some of the best in town.
5	I am obsessed with the hippie burger here. It is just so amazing!! I have had the pretzels and they are just as good. The staff is a little slow but usually when I go it has been busy so it is understandable. Great beer choices
4	Awesome waitress.  Awesome concept.  Awesome beer.  Awesome appetizers.  Pretty good food.  Not AMAZING, but good.  Really liked the atmosphere.  A great time.
4	There are a lot of things to like about the Flying Saucer.  Once you join the UFO club ($18) you get a beerknurd shirt and can enjoy free brunch every Sunday.  The brunch isn't anything to write home about but they also offer North Carolina draft beers for $3.50 on Sundays as well. You can't really beat brunch and a couple of local beers for under $10. Other things I like about the Saucer:Plenty of parkingGreat serviceNice staffKids are welcomeCertainly worth a trip if you're in the area.
1	Not a great selection of beer for a place called a "Draught Emporium".  Also the food was less than mediocre and they were out both chicken tenders and pizza when we were there.  There are a lot of much better places to get craft beer and bar food in Charlotte.
5	Been going here a few years now and I'm working on my second plate.  The best beer selection in Charlotte, I don't think you can find a place that has more beer on tap.  The food has always been good.  I love getting the rocket tots.  Overall the service is good.  If you're a beer person you need to go to this place.  You'll enjoy yourself.
5	Bailey and Erika are amazing! They are so attentive and so personable! They both let us know all of the awesome specials throughout the week. I will definitely keep coming back. And their UFO club is awesome! Gives me a reason to sample all of the beer types and try something new everytime I come. Hands down best bar in Charlotte.
4	I have been to flying saucer a few times now they alway have a great selection and wide variety of beer, from fruity to stouts you can find it here. Dinged them for a star as the food choices don't have many vegetarian options.
5	Great food, very impressive draught beer selection with lots of excellent local beers. Waitresses were outstanding. Our regular stop to and from Raleigh.
3	This is a cool spot to come before shows at the Charlotte amphitheater, as it is close and has just what you need if you aren't prepped for a long tailgate. They have a HUGE beer selection.. and apparently if you try all 200 of their beers, you get a gold plate with your name on it on the wall. Granted... this achievement would take some time... but hey, who doesn't like a challenge? I had one of their Cottonwood pumpkins and it was delicious. I highly recommend that if you like beers of the fall/pumpkin variety. Our party of 6 shared an array of appetizers that spanned from brat corndogs to pizza to bacon-wrapped jalapenos, in addition to an assortment of dips and such. All were pretty good and did the trick. All in all, a good stop before a fun show.
4	So many taps. So many bottles. What a collection!!!  Need an excuse to get out?! Hangout?! Play trivia?!Well look no further! The place is pretty big. Tvs scattered throughout.  Outdoor seating if you can find it. Servers are very nice. And can give good suggestions. The menu is many many pages.  And it seems they keep it well stocked. They also have beers on fire sale... meaning time to get rid of it so they can bring something new in! So many to try! Food is typical. Good but nothing to rave about.  Good portion sizes too.They have trivia on Tuesday nights. It's challenging too. Very fun. Three rounds.... Throughout October they are doing different decades... so brush up before you go!
5	I'm a regular at the Austin saucer, and I really like this one too. The waitress was exceptionally helpful and friendly. I was impressed by the variety of pumpkin beer they had and the crepes were as good as in Austin. This saucer gets extra win points because a guy celebrating his plate party was in a giant bear costume and I got to be a part of that.
4	Cool place.  Before I turned 21, they wouldn't let me come in to eat dinner at 8pm.  Had to get managers approval to come in, just a weird and inconsistent situation (as I had been in multiple times before without being 21, and in some situations without even showing ID).  They've got a lot of great food and drink, nothing to write home about in the food department but they make up for it in the extensive drink selection.  Great group room in the back that is quiet enough to facilitate large groups that can actually hear each other.
3	Great atmosphere and awesome beer selections. Wait staff was friendly. Food was mediocre unfortunately. The burgers came out well done. Waitress never even asked us how we wanted them cooked. This makes me believe the burger were previously frozen. The German potato salad had a big pool of oil at the bottom of the cup. Yes the German potato salad is made with oil, but this was an excessive amount. Would maybe come back but wouldnt have a burger or the potato salad again.
5	Well it was my first time back here in a good long time- probably close to a year. As you can read from a past update, the service was really sub-par on my last visit. But I wound up meeting a friend for a few drinks and ordered some food. Even though the place was jam-packed on this particular Thursday night, service was still very quick, and we weren't kept waiting long at any point. Our server was overly-knowledgeable on the beers, and everything she had recommended was pretty spot on. And not like it was ever bad, but food was a little better than before. Don't know if they were just having a good night, but they have totallllllyyyyy redeemed themselves in my opinion. And yes, I had to ask about the particular manager from my last encounter and found out she was no longer with them. Added bonus!
4	Awesome for beer, food and hanging out. I went here on one sunny Saturday. They have outside seating. The ambience sets up the right mood. The staff is very friendly. We had a relaxed lunch.They serve good pizza and the queso dip was delicious. We had chicken pizza, and it's good. They have huge selection in beer. I am not a beer drinker but I can tell and my friend had a pint of good beer, and was impressed.The place is big and very spacious. Overall this place is awesome.
3	For a bar, it's a fun place.  As far as an eatery, I definitely don't recommend their shepherd's pie.  Portion was small, the seasoning just wasn't there.  Atmosphere wise, like I said, it makes a great social place.
5	Always a great place to hangout with friends! Many of my college memories are associated with this place. Great atmosphere. Great servers(and beautiful as well ).
