5	Thanks to Gallagher's I now have a gambling problem!  Perfect place to watch any game that might be on, bet on the ponies, or both!  Great happy hour specials and there is honestly no place better to be on a Sunday afternoon.
4	If iI had known that the official title was "Gallagher's Food and Fun" I would have been in here a lot more often when I lived up the street. As it happened, I would come in from time to time to watch the Suns, especially during playoff time, when this place really gets jumpin. For all other intensive purposes, Gallagher's is a reasonably priced, solid sports bar. The food is good but not outstanding, and the staff is friendly but will show you the door in a hurry if you give them problems. If you're in the area and looking to munch on some wings and a beer or two, it's definitely worth a pass through.
5	I pass by this place every day on my way back to hotel so decided to check it out early this week.  Food is alright, but the staffs are friendly and awesome, not to mention most of them are hot!  It's good to have a few drinks and walk back to the hotel.
4	Gallaghers is a good neighborhood bar.  They have good drinks, passable food, Sports on TV, and a very friendly staff.  They also have free wifi.  I guess that means you can bet on the internet about the sports you are watching while you drink and watch with friends.
1	I thought Gallagher's was a sports bar?  I had planned to meet a couple of friends and watch a rare ASU baseball broadcast on national TV.  I arrive first, and have to practically beg to have the game put on one of the many TVs present.  (I'm sure none of the other 3 people in the bar were watching Jeapardy).  Another patron (one of 3 already there) had asked previously, he told me later, only to be shot down by the manager.  So then I asked if I could actually listen to the game, too?  No such luck.  Did I mention this was the home-town ASU baseball team, nationally ranked, fighting for their post-season?  And a sports bar opts to play 80's hits, instead?  I quickly called BS on that, and as soon as the rest of my party arrived, we left.  If you want a "sports bar" near Squaw Peak, I suggest trying 16th St. Sports Bar n Grill, instead.I've been to many Suns games and other events at Gallagher's, so I assumed they would have a local sports team on tv with audio.    The food is OK, the prices are a bit steep for pub-grub.  When I was there, a Monday during happy hour, there were about equal number of wait staff to patrons, and it still took 10 minutes to get a drink.I'm very disappointed in the service, and the lack of understanding by the management.   The food isn't enough to get me back, and the prices are higher then average.  I'd give it less then one star, if I could.
3	I have been to this Gallagher's 3 times.  The food isn't the greatest, but isn't the worst.  I do have to say that the wait staff is very friendly.  It is a good place to go after work to have a few drinks and watch a game.
4	whenever I'm in town, I go to this place pretty much every night (because it's across from the pointe hilton).I don't know of anywhere in my area that has the trivia/touch screen games anymore.  I sit here and play poker online and bluff my way to beating everybody's ass most of the time.  Great fun!
3	Several of us Yelpers gathered to watch the Cardinals beat the Eagles yesterday (Ok, there were a couple of Eagles fans in the group :-)).  Service was friendly but slow.  It didn't help that the waitress assignments changed for some of our group partway through the game.  The place was packed and everything was stretched to the limit.  Glassware became a problem and for a while beer came in room temperature glasses and mixed drinks were coming in whatever vessel could be found.  From what I saw and tasted of the food it was all OK except for the one salad I saw come out, some of it's components looked like what the rabbit had refused to eat.  I wouldn't drive across town to go there by myself but would if another gathering were to be called.
5	Way to go Cards!!! My party consisted of 25 screaming Cardinal fans.( I had made reservations 3 days prior) So, when we walked in our table was readyand our waitress was standing there to take our drink order! Every aspect of our experience was spot on!!! The Nacho's were Da Bomb! We never had to wait for anything! Here is the one downfall... there are T.V.s in the Men's  room but not the woman's... what the hell.... I jokingly complained and the management said for you it will be rectified!  Gallagher's you complete me!! We will be back! And when College football starts again we will be turning this into a "buckeyes" bar!
5	Although I love Gallagher's and this is my neighborhood standby for a quick and easy frothy adult beverage with friends, I was first leaning toward giving only four stars -- mainly because the quality of the "fresher" elements of the food (i.e. lettuce, jalapenos, etc.) is not especially consistent. But, after thinking about what I would include in my write up I decided I have to go with five stars. Here's why: *FREE cookie sundae with the purchase on an entree on Sundays (Half-baked Chocolate Chip, White Chocolate Macadamia Nut or Peanut Butter with Chocolate Chip cookie topped with 3 scoops of vanilla ice cream and chocolate syrup. You can mix it up with two and go 1/2 and 1/2!) *Build your own burger - not only can you pick your "meat" but you can pick your "bun" and your bun can be a bed of lettuce allowing for less guilt over the fries. I'm partial to the Greek Burger (topped with feta cheese, diced tomato, black olives, and a side of cucumber sauce) made with a turkey patty on a bed of lettuce. *Karaoke on Saturday nights and, if you want, you'll easily get to sing more than once! (I, however, do not sing. I'm pretty sure I could get paid NOT to sing -- even at karaoke. I like to watch and make requests!!) * Generally not a problem getting a seat and TVs are EVERYWHERE! But, when it really counts, Gallagher's graciously took a reservation for the play off game and, actually had "Reserved For..." signs on the tables. The manager was very courteous, even when some of our group were slow to arrive. For this, Gallagher's has secured its place as my "#1 go to watch a game" spot for all time. P.S. If your preference is "fake cheese" nachos, as mine is, then hands-down these are the best nachos in the Valley. (If you like real cheese on your nachos, you are on your own!!)
3	Damn you Yelp for your no half stars~!~!!!!!!! I guess I will have to write the review and then decide between 3 and 4 after I brain dump. I have been to Gallagher's twice now. The first time for Saturday night Karaoke, and the second for the final playoff game (Go Cards!). Over the span of those two visits, I have tried quite a few items. The nachos are really, really good. They use nacho sauce versus shredded cheese, which I happen to think is pretty tasty. However, the salad I ordered left quite a bit to be desired. I kept getting the crunchy gross part of the lettuce head so only half of my salad was edible. The cookie sundae was pretty damn good, as well. I have also had the cheese crisp which I have no complaints about. Perhaps the BEST thing about this place is the $3 well drinks. I am used to paying $5-$9 for a damn vodka tonic, so I was pleasantly surprised when I paid under $10 for three drinks! Now, service here is another story. I'm sorry to say that both times it has left something to be desired. I completely understand that the place was packed on a football day, but the whole place was reserved in advance so I feel like they should have been more prepared. I had to ask for limes three times, and waited twenty minutes to get one. It also took almost forty minutes to get my damn nachos when I first showed up. Another flaw? They put bacon/chicken on my salad, even though I specifically said no meat... and had previously told the waitress I was vegetarian (when I ordered nachos). Oooooo now that I think about it... the very worst part of my experience was that we were seated near the patio, so every time someone opened the door the cigarette smoke rushed in. My eyes were watering and I was coughing the whole time. It was pretty uncomfortable, actually. Overall Gallagher's is a pretty good sports bar with relatively good food and great priced drinks, but there are definitely some service issues. Damn.... I still can't choose between a 3 and 4 .... I know I will be back ... I'm going with 3 and if I'm impressed next time, I will update :)
3	Your basic neighborhood sports bar.  Been here a few times over the last few years and what can I say. The beer is cold, the food is basic bar food. Don't expect much and you won't be disappointed.That's it.
2	Eh, to be honest, as much fun as I had partying with my fellow Yelpers on Sunday, I can't give this place a sparkling review.  As much as I'd love to give a neighborhood sports bar props, this place just did too many things wrong for me to comply.Went there with a bunch rowdy Yelpers to watch the NFC Championship game on Sunday and was fairly disappointed.  For starters, as a sports bar and Cardinals viewing destination that had been promoting themselves as "the place to watch the big game," they seemed grossly unprepared for the crowd they got.For starters, I sat at my table for about 15 minutes before I gave up on a server coming over to take my drink/food order, and went up to the bar to order and take the middleman out of the equation.  Only when I went up to the bar did I learn that they had run out of glasses!!!This is where it gets good though.  Their drink specials that I was interested in were their $2.50 20 oz domestic drafts, pretty good deal if you ask me.  And since they had run out of glasses (definitely not my fault as I am not their barware supplier) and the bartender asked me to get a bottle instead, I naiively assumed they would honor at least a similar deal to the one that they were promoting.This is where I was SORELY mistaken.  Not only did they not give me my 12 oz bottle for the same price as the 20 oz draft that they were unable to serve me, they actually had the nerve to upcharge me to $3 per bottle!!!Needless to say, I was a bit incensed.  And it had nothing to do with the extra 50 cents per drink, I just thought it was poor business practice...a bit of a bait and switch, if you will.After the initial poor service and swindling of my hard earned $$, the bar ended up being okay.  Of course I will have to attribute at least 75% of this to the wonderful company of my yelp compadres, who I hate to disappoint with my less than stellar review, but I have to keep it real.  The TVs were big and plentiful, the food was fair.  I ordered a Buffalo Chicken Wrap which wasn't bad but my fries were SUPER cold and therefore inedible to me.  But the bar's sorry excuse for a smoking section is what threw me over the edge and made me want to puke on more than one occasion.We had the bad luck of being sat in the general vicinity of the door that led outside to the smoking section, and every time the door was opened either by a server or a patron, you could literally see plumes and plumes of smoke wafting into the restaurant.  It was disgusting.  I couldn't stay even 5 minutes longer after the Cards won to celebrate because I was coughing and my eyes were starting to water.I am willing to give Gallaghers 1 more shot under the parameters that there can be no special event going on because they were terribly ill equipped to handle it, and mainly due to the fact that they had tons of TVs and it is relatively close to my house.As long as the don't run out of glasses again of course...
3	Gallagher's is a-ok with me! I've visited Gallagher's on several occasions and it's your average neighborhood pub. I don't think the food is AMAZING but it's good and washes down nice and easy with a cold beer! The cookie with ice cream is YUMMY. I love the peanut butter cookie. It's amazing and can easily be shared by a couple people. The thing they might fall a bit short on is service. I'm not saying service is horrible, but it's not highly attentive all of the time. It can really be hit or miss. Another issue is if you set by the back patio, all the smoke from outside gets sucked inside whenever someone opens that door. Maybe one of those blowers that is activated every time someone opens the door would cut back on the smoke entering the bar? Just a thought. Overall I like Gallagher's it's a great place for some bar food and few beers.
3	Pretty good for lunches, especially if you are hungry. Most everything seems huge here- burgers, sandwiches, ribs, helpings of fries... and everything is fairy fresh and good. Today I asked for the spinach salad with grilled shrimp instead of the offered chicken - hey that was a great move - resulted in probably the best meal I've had here. Service is consistently adequate - never more, never less. Fast enough to allow for in and out for lunch in about 40 minutes. Don't expect engaging conversation or bright witty comments from your servers - they do their jobs and that's about it. I haven't been here other than for lunches, so cannot comment on the bar scene.
3	Hooray for another bar I can stumble home from! Finally ventured in after nearly two years of living in the neighborhood. My already half-drunk, starving cohorts and I were very impressed with the extensive menu..Chicken Fried Steak? Yes Please. Chicken Fried Chicken? Yes please. I strongly support anything fried anything. And believe you me, that's what you will get when you come here. So dieters may want to stay away. Service was friendly, not the fastest. The poor guy seemed like he had to wait on the entire bar area so I could hardly get angry with him. Price seemed a little high-I guess that's what you get for ordering margaritas at a sport's bar. And a completely needless enormous sampler appetizer of fried goodies to share along with your fried entrees. A good neighborhood hangout, I will be back to continue my assault on my digestive track.
3	Here's to you, mr. neighborhood-sports-bar-floor-manager!  They were training a new server, who was from New York, so she came replete with a touch of attitude, and not enough training.  Thankfully, middle management saved the day!  The question was whether the nachos (do NOT order, by the way, they're borderline inedible, but then i don't particularly like nachos under the best of circumstances) contain beans, even if you order them with chicken instead of refried beans on top.  Somehow, someway, we got confused and assumed they did.  Our server, upon being complained at, simply walked away without a word.  Needless to say, there were comments made at our table.  That's when middle management stepped in.  He explained that it's an either-or proposition, enlightening us.  He then went above and beyond, bringing us a cup of the delicious refried beans (which I tried despite my distaste for the whole nacho thing and found to be completely and totally 100% awesome).  Thank you, sir!  At some point, I ordered a burger, which I wholeheartedly enjoyed.  It's enjoying me right now, quite enthusiastically, I might note.  *gurgle*Anyway, I don't have a great feeling about this place's future in my repertoire of places to drink.  If the unsung hero isn't there to help you out, the service will not be good.  No attitude, per se, just poor service, which is possibly more unforgivable in my book.  The perfect storm is poor service with attitude, but for that you gotta go to Pomeroy's (can we go back there again soon so I can find justification to SLAM that place in my update? please?)  The environment is typical sports bar, with a moderately clean bathroom (thank you again, unsung hero!).  The food is very uneven, even for a sports bar.  Those fries should not be heavily salted.  I don't care who likes them that way, I will not eat them covered in salt.  I will not eat them with a malt.  I do not like them, not one bit!Anyway, I don't have any particularly hostile feelings towards this place.  My burger was good, the beer selection was decent and the prices were (in theory, at least) great.  Give that floor manager a fancy set of whip and chains and...  I dunno, redecorate?  somehow import some atmosphere someway, i don't know or care how, and this place will get more stars.  I should note that I am quite sure they messed up my check.  The beers were supposed to each be $4, in fact I carefully ensured that each beer I ordered (ok, that might be a total lie) was a $4 beer, and yet my bill came to $26.  I only had three, plus a nine-dollar burger.  I don't think they were trying to rip me off, but as a cheap person, I find this slightly offensive.  Granted, I'm partially to blame for not, I dunno, reading the bill when I got it?  anyway, I'll forgive you, this time, Gallagher's, but you're on my watch list.  You eff me over one time, you win an all-expense paid trip to the Gitmo of my "recommended avoid" list.  Consider yourself warned.
3	Wings....eat the wings!! Be sure to ask for them grilled! It takes a little while longer to get them, but totally worth the wait. Aside from the wings, the Nachos are pretty tasty.Other than that, it's a pretty standard sports bar. However, there are masses upon masses of TVs here, which makes it nice if you are wanting to watch a game. The downside: if the place gets busy, the servers are usually not equipped to handle it. Aside from the TVs, there is trivia, karaoke, and a pool table. Another major plus for us smokers: the outside patio, which includes MORE TVs. Weeeee! Sorry for the excitement, but TVs on the patio are hard to come by.The food overall is average. A few things that are good. The burgers are solid, and you have the option of really customizing them (different meats, cheeses, buns, etc). The wraps are horrible! Old lettuce, dry and hard wrap. Icky.  Drinks are priced well.I need a half star. YELP!!!! Yelp me! Listen to me! We need half stars!!!! This is a 3.5 star place.Food: CPrices: BAmbiance: B+Service: COverall: C+
4	I come back because the ladies pour a good whiskey & 7 and the wings are awesome. The Happy hour drink prices also get me to return. I like the decor of the bar and it draws a good regular crowd. Not into the off-site track beating but it's there. Both the bartenders I have dealt with have been really nice and made an effort to remember my name on a later visit. That's pretty nice, makes you feel a bit welcome. can always find a regular to shoot the breeze with for a moment if you stick around and say hello. It's alright place. The customer appreciation weekend went off well, wish they had those more often.
4	I was at a wedding yesterday at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak Resort in Phoenix and had about 45 minutes to eat before our event. Emily and I went over to Gallagher on a recommendation from the event manager at the hotel. We sat down at the bar and were greeted right away, we had two waters to drink and they served them in big glasses which I always love ( I am a big water drinker) The menus came and we asked the bartender her favorite items. She suggested the San Antone Chicken. Wow I was very impressed for 12.99 I got Two boneless chicken breasts, grilled and basted with   BBQ sauce, topped with diced bacon, diced tomato, melted monterey jack cheese, and green onions. Served over a chipotle cream sauce. I was really impressed with the food, very moist chicken cooked perfectly. The combination of the BBQ with the chicken and melted cheese was awesome. My sides were veggies and a twice baked potato that was really tastyEmily had a burger that looked really good, and I had one of her cris cut fries, yum!I give this place 4 stars for how quickly they got us in and out, and since the bartenders two favorite items were a hit, a big thanks to her also! If i am ever back in this area I will be back.
4	Well it was St. Patrick's day and I could not think of anywhere to go but here, that might be celebrating. Oh the were definately into it up in here! haha patrons and staff were both decked out for the day in green and with hats, tee-shirts, plastic jewlery and just about anything you can find related to the day.The crowd was happy and I talked to a lot more people than on the average stop in. The dining room and bar were both filled. The Irish music was filling the place, the green beer was flowing as one might expect at a discounted rate. There was a corn beef & cabbage plate special being offered up as well as the usual menu items and the Wed .40 cent wing deal they now have started. There was St Paddys day decoration and give aways from happy hour into the evening. A fun and lively pub it was. My only complaint was that drinks were all being served in limp little plastic cups; mixed drinks and the beer.
3	Nice folks. Good place to go watch a game. Drinks were a little h2O'y but decent aps, bar food.   Kind of dead but it seemed like many places in Phoenix are these days.  Likely a function of the economy and the degree to which Phoenix is overbuilt.
4	I will start this review off by stating that I am not one that goes to a lot of sports bars.  However, with football games to watch last Saturday, it seemed like a fun idea.  Highly enjoyed Gallagher's!  I had a fantastic beer on draft for $2.50.  Hard to beat that price!  Then I ordered the smoked meat platter with pulled pork (BBQ sauce).  It came with two sides and there were many great ones to choose from.  I decided on the sweet potato fries and the BBQ beans.  Really loved their BBQ sauce and would order the meat platter again.  The true highlight was their spicy BBQ beans.  They were so flavorful! The only person that makes beans comparable is my mom. My mom's are the BEST but Gallagher's comes in 2nd place.  Service was prompt and there are lots of TV's so it makes it very easy to watch a game and enjoy your meal.  If I lived in Phoenix, I would make Gallagher's my favorite sports bar.
3	The parking lot was kind of dead, so I was a little freak walking in.  It is just your usual family neighborhood bar that you can even bring kids in.  They have tons of TVs and tons of space.  You can just walk in and choose your own table.  We ordered the grilled Hot Raspberry Chipotle wings.  I was nervous to try the wings because of the chipotle (HOT, I am a WIMP).  But I watch the hubby eat one and he did not sweat or pass out.  So I drove in.  Wow, it was pretty good.  Not spicy at all.  I ordered the Chicken Cordon Blu Sandwich for dinner.  The sandwich is big and tons of fries on the side.  The sandwich was ok (enough chicken, ham, and cheese), but the combination of it did not make my mouth SING.  =(  So it is ok.
4	Great drink specials, the server was awesome, quality atmosphere.  Not all that busy but that made it easier to converse with our friends.  Good place to meet up with friends and have a relaxing evening.
4	Food was good, service was good, price was rite. They had this raspberry mayo for the sweet potato fries..really creative and yumny. Lots of chicken wing sauce choices...i like to try new things. I will go back.
4	love this place :) it's just down the street from our house and we love to stop in there for a drink or to watcha  game, they recently got new tv's so it's gotten even nicer now that football season is here.  I love the mini g sliders, I recommend getting the double patti version thought so you have a good bun to burger ratio :)  food is good, service is great and it's all walks of life in there as far as customers go so you'll always be entertained.  even if you see the parking lot is packed there is a TON of seating so don't let that fool you ...
3	Since I frequently visit Phoenix, it's a given that my dad will drag me, sorry take me here at least once during my stay. Since my dad is unofficially a "regular" here, our visits consist of honey bbq wings, fries, and beer- and the occasional mind eraser, long island, or jager bomb. All this being served by a "negative nancy", the title I give most of our unpleasant waitresses.This last month I was a Gallagher's customer 5 times and unbeknownst to me, my dad now had a usual waitress, Kayla. Finally, someone who knows what their doing and has a good attitude. The wings were great, as they always are and i ventured out one night with a burger and had no complaints there either. If you're a sports fan or you gamble, this is the place for you. If you just happen to stumble in, ask for Kayla, she'll be the only one glowing amongst the negative nancys.
3	its a bar what to expect, but noisy kids friendly it seems. The wings are good.
1	Had a really bad experience. Went with a group of 5 for dinner, service was poor, the food wasn't very good either. We spent most of our time waiting. Our appetizer was the last thing brought out, no apology, no discount, no customer service.
3	Hit or miss food. I ordered the meat plate with corned beef, zuch and asparagus for the sides. Corned beef was WAY too salty, and same thin style you get on a sandwich. I sent it back for a chicken breast bone in, which was the driest chicken I have ever had. The side veggies were good (perfectly grilled no butter), and accompanied by garlic bread. I think this place has potential but I ordered wrong. I sat at the bar and service was mediocre. Price was pretty low though. Good place to watch the game.
3	This was a fun place to spend the day of st patricks...did a little gambling as they have off track wagering, though the mutual made a couple mistakes with our bets losing us $200 plus...which is why you should always check your ticket at the window!  HMPH..oh well, we had the corn beef n cabbage which was NOT cooked long enough, and I had a burger which was eh...nothing to write home about. The bartender kept pulling up her skirt and showing the guys at the bar her st patty's day panties...oh well, guess you have to get attention somehow...it was close to the hotel ....would go back if I stayed at this hotel again..
3	Most of the time there is only 1 or 2 servers working, so the service is not that great.  However, I love the Tortilla Club Wrap and their seasoned fries (dipped in chipotle ranch).  Do not order the sliders... they tasted wierd.  It never gets packed.  A lot of the regulars go there for the Off-Track Betting.  During the football season it is a great low key place to watch the game if you don't want to deal with all those loud and obnoxious fans.
1	So this is my first review because it is hard for me to review restaurants. Having worked in the industry for years i am a little more forgiving than most. So we ordered calamari, it came out black but being adventurous i tried it thinking it was a different kind of breading. Boy was i wrong! It was completely burnt. So we sent it back our other food came out and then the new calamari came out.  Much better this time until we got down to the plate. It was the old plate, same lettuce same number lemons we squeezed on the batch. As some one who has cooked for a living i want to know how lazy a person has to be to do that. Probably won't be going back for a while if at all.
2	I read all of the reviews and while in Phoenix decided to go to this establishment. Was really excited by the menu.........the service was horrible.....food took forever! Will not return.
3	Gallagher's is a good sports bar, I'll stop in for lunch from time to time and have been there for a few Sunday football games. They offer a lot of TV's to watch whatever game you want. The stools like most bars I find very uncomfortable, however, they have bench seating along the walls. The food is good, not great, but good, you won't be disappointed but won't get overly exciting. The buffalo Chicken Pizza is pretty awesome but could also kill you. The staff is friendly and accommodating and they have a decent selection of beers and daily specials.
1	What a horrible experience!!!!!So I went to meet with a friend who was in town for her PHD program at Grand Canyon University.  She and several of her classmates decided to head to this hell hole for a friend's marriage proposal get together.  Since I worked all day, rushed home to wash up, and then headed straight there, I was hot and starving. They are overly disorganized.  My friend and her classmates reserved a certain amount of tables, and yet they were not already prepared for us.  We had to wait for them to finish putting the tables together.  Strike 1Happy Hour had just finished and I was not in the mood to pay full price for a drink from such an establishment, so I had one of the cheap Moose Beer cans for $3.00, it was rather tasty, surprisingly.So, the service here is very very very very slow!!!!!! I ordered the barbeque-bacon turkey burger, and it literally took an hour to come out! It did not look appealing and so I spoke with the manager, who was not very customer service driven.  Strike 2When we were served our food, the silverware did not come along with it as well.  Strike 3Since, I have worked in the restaurant industry and I wrote food and wine reviews and blogs, I know what is supposed to happy when a client is not happy with the service, or the food.  Apparently the manager did not know, he then took the food away and said that he would take it off of the bill.  He was supposed to leave the food, let me finally eat it, and then still take it off of the bill.  My friend had to go and hunt him down with my food and so he brought it back out.  But, I was so annoyed that I left it sitting right there, to prove a point that I was not that hungry to eat their trash food after waiting an hour and then having it taken away!!!The waitress was frazzled, the manager was incompetent, and the sound system was horrible for karaoke.  They need to close down, re-train everyone, and hire more staff!!
4	We arrived at the resort across the street for check-in at 9:30 PM after a long airplane flight -- half an hour before the resort's restaurants closed for the evening.  We missed dinner due to the time of our flight and were starving.Since we hadn't rented a vehicle, we searched Yelp for places within walking distance that were open late. Two nearby options turned up: a tex-mex place down the street and Gallaghers.  We tried the tex-mex place first (Aunt Chiladas; reviewed separately).  Despite that location's restaurant's website stating it was open until 2am, we were dismayed to find out that they only serve alcohol after 10pm. We asked the bartender about Gallaghers (and any other nearby alternatives) and he told us to avoid Gallaghers like the plague.  Funny--our cabbie from the airport said the place was greasy but a local favorite.We decided to risk it...and I'm glad we did.  Gallagher's has a dining room separate from the bar.  We arrived around 10:30pm, and there were two other groups enjoying meals. The dining room was dimly lit and felt like it belonged in a cold Midwest metropolis--kinda like a Chicago/Detroit version of Cheers.  The bar (which we never visited) sounded busy and happy with loud music that battled with the dining room's music to make a pleasant cacophony of white noise.  We were exhausted, and the seats were comfy...the hostess was VERY attentive (but not pushy), and instantly brought us large fresh glasses of water. As for the food.  We ordered the appetizer platter (fried mushrooms, zucchini, onion rings and mozzarella sticks). It was wonderful, plentiful, not too greasy (despite being all fried food), and piping hot with crispy fried batters. My husband ordered the cheeseburger. He loved it.  I felt yucky from my half day of traveling, so I ordered a small spinach salad. The salad could have been wonderful, with thinly sliced sweet red onions, crispy bacon pieces, mushrooms, almond slivers, and an oriental dressing on the side. Unfortunately, the spinach was beyond dry, and did not seem like it had been washed.  The mushrooms looked like they had been picked from the grocer's bin and chopped without inspection, washing, or even wiping with a wet cloth.  I swear I could see bits of the manure on a few slices.  As I dug below the surface of the salad, I identified several spinach leaves which were close to a gelatinous state. In short--the service was great, the grilled/fried food is wonderful, the atmosphere is comfortable and inviting. Will definitely go again..maybe try their pizza or wings.  I learned two things--never order a salad from a bar (unless it is a salad bar), and always trust a cabbie's opinion over that of a competing bartender.
3	It's kind of divey but the buffalo wings are amazing, I recommend the good ol Irish experience
4	It's a sports bar type of place.The service has always been good to me here.  :)Food is standard for a bar but pretty good. Try the wings.On karaoke night there is this older gentleman who belts out all your favorite grunge tunes from the 90's. I don't like karaoke but this is a treat, hahaha
3	For an out-of-towner, was a fun place to be for Thursday night Football. Food was so-so but the friendliness and locals who hang there were great. Definitely a place to go for an Arizona Team game! Thanks Y'all for making me feel welcome even if I was only here for a few days.
2	Gallaghers has never really been considered a nice bar... I do not know many people who would consider this a staple. Its there, if you ever need it...~Fud/Drinks~The food is bland. Lets just call it as it is. Salads are a best example as to how a restaurant treats its menu. If its got good salads, then they must have amazing entrees. Well this works well for Gallagher's, because their salads are meh meh meh. I tried a Greek salad, which for some reason, comes with iceberg lettuce, crispy, dry, iceberg lettuce. SERIOUSLY!? All the other ingredients including the feta  tasted like they just came out of the box/can they were shipped in. Horrible food choices besides the salads. Greasy, overpriced bar foods that really serve no purpose than to make you fat. Lets just say the ingredients in all their foods are lacking significantly. The drinks are typical bar options. Beer selection is OK, nothing stellar, but at least they carry some local options. But nothing to note that will turn heads, just average.~Atmosphere~There is no atmosphere really. Like an Applebee's, they put things on the wall and expect that to make the atmosphere of the room. No, it doesn't. There really is no ambiance or significant feel, its weird being that its a sports bar. The carpets are drab, by the way... just wanted  to point out that does not add to the experience. Waitstaff are pretty attentive, they do an OK job. But ya, the crowds aren't lively, and I can definitely name some other places you can feel the true sports-bar experience at. ~Extras/Rating~There is really nothing to add, other than the fact that an amazing resort, the Pointe Hilton, is literally a 1 minute walk away. They have amazing food options there, although its not sports oriented. They do have the Hole-in-the Wall restaurant as well, which is amazing western Bar-B-Q. Go there, honestly. This place gets two stars for being an average/below average sports bar chain with nothing much to offer. Their business model needs an update, there are some outstanding local pubs and eateries out here that loyal clients flock to.
5	Great boneless wings
5	Best boneless wings ever. Great staff and great prices
1	The only good thing about this place (other than it is walking distance to a resort that I frequent) are the waitresses and bartenders, who are cute and friendly. Otherwise the place pretty much sux. The food is mediocre at best. The vibe is lame. The worst part is that they do karaoke there alot, and it is loud and obnoxious. This place has pretty much run it's course. Time for it to close and re-open as something else. Hopefully under new ownership. And minus the karaoke.
2	Boneless wings are delicious however does not make up for the crappy service. Waitress was unfriendly and too busy. Threw a printed piece of paper my way when I asked what was on tap and seemed preoccupied with her kids talking to her. Rarely checked back probably because my boyfriend and I are younger and she assumed wed be bad tippers because all the tables around us got plenty of attention. Here's the kicker michelob ultra is considered a premium here. I'm a bartender in the majority of the bars that I frequent and work for this is not the case. When I asked for a manager her attitude was snotty about it. I won't be back.
1	The food is poorly prepared, over cooked and hard fried.  Service was shameful.  I was by myself and practically ignored.  Go somewhere else.  The prices aren't that great.  There are plenty of better establishments for drinks and appetizers.
1	Normally I love this place but today management failed. They were understaffed to a criminal degree which is bad for employees and patrons. Its not like the Derby came as a surprise.Never coming back for a special event here. I did go to the 7th St and Union Hills location for Preakness and had a MUCH better experience. Get your act together on 16th St and I could be persuaded to try again.
1	Went here tonight, will never be back.The food is typical bar food, nothing too extraordinary, I already knew what to expect from previous visits. But the service was beyond bad.Just an obvious example of poor training and poor management. Our poor server was obviously sent out to the wolves and had never served before.. (mind you she had 2 tables.) The most annoying part, was that the manager literally went to the table in the middle of the restaurant, SAT down with them, and explained that this server was new and had messed up stuff earlier.. I could hear the entire conversation. How unprofessional can you be? I understand we were at a "sports bar" but to throw your own employess under the bus is just messed up. Not only that but why couldnt they maybe come around to every single table (3) and see if they needed anything? Or maybe HELPED out your servers rather than needing them to go and find you while you are outside smoking? Ridiculous.Id like to be able to say "Oh it was a busy night I understand." But this was obsurd, at one point I even went to the bartender to ask for my sons water (The server brought out all the alcoholic beverages BEFORE bringing my sons water) And the bartender gave me a look like I was asking for her to do backflips, told me she didn't have "To go cups" and rolled her eyes.This place obviously doesn't work as a team, and it shows..Never mind the crappy food, dont go here just plain and simple because the service absolutely sucks and the management and other employess obviously do not care how their restaurant is portrayed.
1	Best waste of a Saturday night, the fact that the place was empty should have really sent the red flags flying! Meal made it to the table before the appetizer, soup and salad and yet the nonchalant attitude regarding the issue really baffled me (this is not a new place of business) anyway, don't waste your time and money here!It is too bad that there are no zero stars options.
2	i will only give it 2 stars b/c the dj for karoake was awesome and the food was good. on the negatives-some of the worst service i've ever had and i've been to a lot of bars/restaurants. the server repeatedly forgot my tables drinks. at one point i just went up to the bar to get a refill-it was so much quicker. my fiance went to get my one drink that was sitting at the bar for 10 minutes when she saw that she got it and gave it to me saying there was computer problems-hmm yea right. i had to ask for my check twice because i was waiting for 20 minutes for it. just terrible and i could on but i'll spare you. trust me i was a server for years so i understand getting slammed but it wasn't busy and she should've asked for help and not made up that there was computer problems. also i got a mixed drink and so did my friend and it didn't taste like any alcohol. despite all this my friends and i still had a really good time b/c of karoake. still don't think ill be back there anytime soon.
4	Good place to hang out and finish up some work. Relaxed atmosphere with lots of locals mixed in with travelers. Would recommend 100%
4	Awesome wings! Try the raspberry chipotle...   Service is hit or miss, but ate on the patio today and had an exceptional server! Seriously, try the bone-in wings!
4	Love this place.  It's always comfortable and service is great.  Food was awesome and coldest beers in town.
5	Nice place.  Good food, beer, service, sports on TV and prices. Not too bad.  What else can you ask for?
3	I came for lunch. Very clean,  nice ambiance, the food was very good. But the service was slow.  We had to get back to work and we were late getting back.
1	We sat down and waited forever, no one even addressed us. It was not busy so there's no reason for them to have such horrible service. Don't go here!
3	Cheap Good drinks! Not a fancy place by any means, but if you're looking for a happy hour that's really laid back and super inexpensive, this is your place! The staff aren't the happiest at all, but its about 50/50 with the servers about half being polite and the other half just acting like they really didn't want to be there much less serve you. However when drinks are $2.75 a piece, this girl isn't complaining!
4	Fun place, yummy food and a great place to watch football. Very attentive wait staff.
