5	My mom lives in Black Mountain in Henderson.  I mean, literally IN the mountain.  They had to blow parts of the mountain away to build her neighborhood.  Now, naturally, once I get myself out to her house there are few things that can wrench me away.  The sweet promise of my bed or a well-oiled Johnny Depp poised to feed me grapes are two of those few things.  And although I loves me some food, sometimes not even food can persuade me to leave.  That is when the sweet, sweet promise of Rosati's whispers itself into my waiting, starving ear.I guess this place is a chain, but it's new to me so I'll pretend that it's an authentic Italian place run by a cute little Italian family who scream adorable little Italian obscenities at each other whilst covered in flour and bits of pasta.    I've never actually had their pizza here, but I've had giant trays of their pasta delivered to me and they've always been so good.  Their sauces are hearty and flavorful, and if you decide to get meatballs, let me tell you, they're as big as my head.  And I have a GIANT head.  However, I bet they're a lot tastier than my noggin.  My carb lovin' self can't eat enough of their stupid garlic bread and their fried mushrooms just make the really big girl inside of me really, really happy.  If you're a lazy bum who can't be arsed to cook, but you still want an actual meal this is probably perfection.
4	A quality pizza for sure and I really like most of it.Seems their normal pizza is the very thin type and I know it has it's following, but we don't always like it like that. You can also order it as "double dough" which is much better, but it also costs you more of your hard earned cash "dough". I don't know why, but sometimes they cut their pizza like they are mad at you. The slices are chopped up into little chips and not the traditional triangles like most pizzas are often served. They also have a term that they use to load up the toppings, but once I ordered it that way and got the same amount of toppings as a normal order? I guess they are in a different league as far as the way pizza should be served? but I can't figure it out. Overall a great pizza if you don't mind some unusual presentation, and paying a little bit more too.
4	This is real Chicago style pizza.  Maybe not quite as good as Giordano's, but pretty darn close and better than you're likely to find around here.  If you're lucky enough to be within the delivery zone, this is the place to get your pizza.
1	Yuck!  the pizza we got was terrible. I read all these good reviews and was excited to try it.  The pizza was just gross, and tasted slightly undercooked.  I was super disappointed.   And to top it off, it wasn't cheap.  I would have been MUCH happier ordering Papa Johns for cheaper and better pizza.  Avoid this place.
5	I'm surprised that there are so many negative reviews.  This is the BEST PIZZA I have found  since moving here from the Chicago suburbs.  I pretty much stick to pepperoni/sausage or their classic combo which is a garbage pizza.  It's true that they are skimpy on the sauce so I simply order it with extra sauce and it comes out perfecto!  Yes, they are more expensive then pappa johns and pizza hut cause those pizza's suck a$$.   Plus, they always have coupons attached to the box so I always get $3 off.  I've even lied and said I have a coupon and they take it off and don't ask for it when I pick up the pizza.
4	Rosati's makes a pretty mean Chicago style pie.  The quality blows away all of the other chain pizza shops.  The only downside is that it is almost twice as expensive as a Papa Johns or a Pizza Hut.  That being said, given the choice of where to order from, Rosati's is the place (unless of course I'm visiting the family in NJ in which case, all bets are off.
4	Sometimes having pizza and wings delivered to your doorstep is the ideal dinner. Last night was one of those nights. The last time we had pizza was at Villa Pizza's new location on Boulder Highway, so this time we decided to order from Rosati's. We decided to go with a large two topping pizza, and a dozen wings. I always order the wings extra crispy from Rosati's and they turn out delicious. Even with the #3 delivery fee, our total with tax (but before tip) was under $30. Yes, you can get cheaper pizzas. Doesn't make them better...When I placed my order, the girl on the phone already knew my address based on the number that popped up on their caller id. I love when businesses have this system in place. I was told my food would be to me within the hour. It took 35 minutes. I love when business beat their deadlines too!Rosati's also has a program where you can save a piece of the pizza box and after you get 12 you get 50% off your 13th pizza. Only downside to the program is that it does not apply to delivery.
4	This is (seriously heavy) deep dish Chicago-style pizza. We went over to my father-in-law's to watch a game and he ordered this monstrous pizza to go- it was so heavy- he had my husband grab it- on purpose, he wanted to show him how serious this pizza was! Can I emphasize that enough? It was so heavy we each had one slice and called it a night. One slice was enough- loaded with numerous toppings like pepperoni, peppers and cheese. It was good, but because it was so heavy, you really don't need appetizers (you know, at pizza places, they give you a bread basket?), maybe dessert- an hour and a half later (if your stomach recovers). My husband liked it and so did my fil- but would I get it again? Maybe only if I had a light lunch...maybe I'm too used to New York style pizza.
4	Love the SOB pizza.  Just like in Chicago
5	I usually don't write reviews but a place like this calls for one. I recently just moved here from LA and this has got to be the single greatest, and most evil discovery I have made yet! I ordered the Spaghetti Mostaccioli pasta and a side of meatballs and I literally just had a taste-gasm. To make matters even worse, THEY DELIVER! So thank you Rosati's in advance for the 10 pounds I will probably put on in the future. Sincerely, a future Rosati's addicted couch potato.
5	By far the best chicago style pizza you will find in Las Vegas.  I'm morbidly obese and can only eat 2 slices at a time.  For about $30 I can feed myself for an entire weekend.No dining in.  Take out / delivery only.Pro tip: You can usually find coupons on their website.
3	Every time we visit Las Vegas my husband has to have this, since we live in LA and hes from Chicago, he always looks forward to it. We ordered the peperoni classic on deep dish...it was meh, it was more dough than anything and more pricey, I prefer their thin crust. my husband of course loved it but Ive tried better deep dish in LA and of course Chicago...ill give you ONE more chance the next time I see you..
4	We ordered a regular pepperoni pizza and it came with thin crust.  We're not normally fans of thin crust pizza and although Rosatti's offers deep dish and thicker crusted pizza, we didn't specify so we ended up with their standard crust (thin).  That being said, the thin crust pizza was unique and quite good.  It was a round pizza cut into little 2-3" squares, which turned out great for serving our little ones.  Also, the sauce was a very tasty marinara sauce with a bit of kick to it.  If you have picky kids, they may not like the spice in it, but we loved it.  I'll have to try a deeper dish pizza to give it 5 stars, but their thin crust was better than we anticipated.
5	I have eaten here atleast a dozen times.  The pizza is consistently great and the wings are the best.  Using coupons makes the meal very affordable.
2	The first time we ordered from here, we were actually impressed with the pizza (being from NY....) The second time was also pretty good. Each and every time after that it's been AWFUL!! I don't know what happened, did they change cooks?, or maybe we were just so pizza deprived that anything tasted good to us...... who knows! I will say though, they have an excellent chicken parm hero (or "sandwich", as they call them).
4	Put down the fork, step away from the box. It's Sunday night and with a long work week ahead who wants to cook something? Not us. So we decide to try Rosati's for the first time. We keep it simple. 2 Calzones, 1- 8 inch kids cheese pizza. Right off the bat when I ordered they called me by name as they took time to read the caller ID. Attention to detail is nice. I place my order, am told 15 to 20 min until it's ready and I head out the door. 18 min later I'm being handed by boxes by a nice teenager, asked if I want crushed red pepper and parm and I'm on my way out the door. I can smell the calzones without opening the box, yum!When I get home I notice the box. Yeah the box. It's not a typical pizza box, it's got tabs to lock the top down so your order doesn't fly out if you have to deal with Vegas traffic. Nice! I open the boxes and the first thing you notice is just how massive the calzones are. They take up the whole box from one side to the other. You get a plastic knife and fork along with a generous sized portion of marinara in the box ready to go with a napkin to clean up when you're done. The calzones are good. Not quite as good as Beau Jo's in Colorado but the best we've had in Vegas so far. They were not greasy, the crust was soft, chewy, and tasted good on it's own. The ingredients also stood up on their own. Black Olives tasted like olives and not cardboard. The sausage was good, could have been a bit spicier though. They come with sauce and Mozzarella cheese, you can pick up to 3 more toppings at 99 cents a piece. (If you're a Ricotta Cheese fan sorry, they don't force that choice on you like some places do, thankfully so as some of us hate Ricotta. You want it, order it.) All in all though, not bad. As for the kids pizza I took a bite. I had to make sure it wasn't too hot after all. It was pretty good, I wouldn't order a plain cheese for myself but my 2 year old liked it. And he even ate the crust. Overall, not a bad experience. I'm always on the lookout for good pizza and calzones and Rosati's is on my short list of places I'll go back to. Tip: This location is for delivery / carryout as they don't have tables to sit at. They have benches and a TV to entertain you while you wait. Don't expect to be waiting long.Edit: Earns a spot on the Payment Card Stupidity list as they make you sign for everything no matter what amount (I asked after I had to sign). See my list description as to why I think that always sucks no matter how good the food is.
5	Best pizza n Vegas Hands Down!!!  I'm from Chicago and I am. HUGE fan of Chicago thin crust.  I appreciate the deep dish, but Chicago thin crust is the way to go!  I've been a loyal custom for years, and when I moved out of their delivery zone, they still deliver to me!  Great food, excellent service!  5 stars from me!
3	Perhaps I was being unfair to Rosati's lol.... We have ordered since, mostly out of laziness since this place usually offers free delivery and it arrives fairly quickly. I've tried other items on the menu besides their chicago-style pizza and their chicken fingers are pretty good. I guess you just need to know how to order the pizza, it took a few tries to figure out what I would like. I've found their thinner crust, seems to taste best... but that might just be my opinion. All in all, I will say this place has okay pizza.
5	Yum! I was introduced to Rosati's by fellow yelper Vanessa N. It was so tasty! Deep dish with good crust and delicious thick tomato sauce. Pretty reasonable prices, too. Saxby's has closed, so it's now just a takeout place. They do have a counter and a couple tables outside if you do want to eat there. One word of warning--the deep dish does not reheat well. Just eat it all and don't think about saving it for a second meal. It was like reheated Pizza Hut with a soggy crust. But when it is fresh, it is spectacular! Will definitely be back.
1	Ugh... Rosati's... whhhyyyy have you forsaken me? Ordered last night and the food was just not good. Gross chicken fingers (reminiscent of Bistro Pizza) completely disgusted me...AND my husband!, which is NOT easy to do! The pizza itself tasted like something out of the freezer and the pepperoni was super aggressive and off-tasting as well. After an unbelievably long day of classes I was looking for a no fuss GOOD meal, which is what I usually get from Rosati's, but unfortunately they were not on their game last night. I'm wondering if it's because I ordered during the week, whereas I usually go for delivery on a busy Friday or weekend? Did I get whatever was lying around?Also worth mentioning, it seems they changed their chicken parm sandwich. It's now on a roll, rather than the italian-esque bread it used to come with, and it's much smaller than it used to be. It doesn't even come cut in half anymore for that very reason. They also still charge the same amount of money for the new and not-so improved smaller sandwich. tsk tsk... It doesn't look like I'll be ordering from here anytime soon, which is a shame, because I became a fairly steady customer. Rosati's- thoughts? response?
3	Don't want to cook, kids have a last minute sleep over, impromptu game night, treat friends who helped your in-laws move...these are all the reasons we order from Rosati's.I would rather order Rosati's over Domino's or Pizza Hut or Papa Johns.Let's start with the way they cut their pizza...into small squares...brilliant! I don't always want to eat a whole slice and their portions make it easy not to gorge.I love the thin crispy crust that stays dry & crunchy. Their toppings are generous and overall good delivery pizza. Enough ratio of cheese to toppings to crust.If you save your pizza box stubs, you get a discount off your next order. Be sure to ask about their specials when you call.
4	This joint brags about their thin-crust pizza being Chicago style - a well-deserved title. My mom (a Chicago native) and I got two pizzas for take-out the other evening. Service was friendly and the pizzas were ready in the quoted time period. Prices were totally reasonable ($23 for two 12" pizzas). They even cut their pizza in squares and put the little plastic white table/box holder in the middle, just like in Chicago. So good that both me and my mom ate our whole pizzas in one sitting. Would order next time with "extra cheese" though.
2	Let me start by saying, I'm an ol' Chicago girl and I love pizza! Since leaving Chicago, I've had some great pie but none like "home". My hubby, boyfriend and I went to Rosati's in Lake Havasu City and I was transported back to Chicago. BUT this Rosati's deeply disappointed me! We got the Chicago crust and it was nothing like we got in Havasu. It's a take out place with the exception of two small tables outside. And don't even think about having a cold beer with your pie. Arggghhhh.
5	Best pizza in town for sure!!!! Try their chicken Alfredo, BBQ chicken, or deep dish it all superb!!!  The owners are some of the best people around too. It's nice to support our local owner/operators.
4	This pizza was a pleasant surprise!  For some reason I didn't think I'd like it so I've been putting off having it for months.  But tonight we were looking for something quick and close to home, and we had a coupon.  Service was friendly and the pizza was ready when we arrived.  The prices seem a little steep but with the coupons that come in the coupon mailers they're more reasonable.  We had the thin crust and it was actually very good!  Didn't expect the pizza to be cut in small squares but it was fun to eat like that :)  The bottom of the crust had a cool texture, like "crust crumbs", so-to-speak.  Next time I'll try the deep dish pie.  And I can't wait to try the zeppoles.  Any place that has those is OK in my book! Will definitely be back soon.
5	Chicago style deep dish pizza  is the best. If your looking for cheap cookie cutter pizza, it's not here. But, if you think you like Chicago style deep dish, this is the place! We have found our home for pizza in Henderson.
4	Chicago styled pizza - thin crust, "square cut" is delicious. Have gotten a few wrong items in delivery, but they've been good about correcting  (the waiting time is tough). Double check your order before the driver leaves! Usually very friendly staff. Great pizza & Italian beef - Gardinera is great. Items on the higher end of pricing  for "pizza type food" - but flavour is wonderful.
5	This place is very good. My favorite pizza is the Chicago deep dish. Very filling. I go there at least once a week. The wings and fingers are also very good.
5	Double dough it delicious & so is the Chicago style! Best Pizza I've found in Nevada since I was in CHI Town. Go get yo grub on, you won't be disappointed :)
2	Only one here at first. 40min wait for one small pizza. Cashier coughs into hands and does not wash them after. Floor dirty. Had to wait 5 min to even be recognized. Cashier is now socializing with an older woman about "personal" issues. Very unprofessional. But the only reason they even got 2 stars is that their pizza is excellent. Just not the service.
1	I see a lot of good reviews for the pizza here, which we have never tried. This review is for the sandwiches on their menu. First, it took 30 minutes for them to make two sandwiches; an Italian beef called the Cheef, and an Italian cold sub. The Cheef was soggy and did not taste good. It was also not very warm. The au jus served with it was like a pepper gravy, nothing like au jus. The Italian combo was barely mediocre. The meat was not fresh tasting, nor was the lettuce or tomato. The bread on both items was hard. Overall, we were not happy with the food quality. I should mention that we went to this same location a few years ago, and had a very similar experience. We decided to give it another shot last night, and we will not be back. The pizza may very well be great, we'll probably never know. They should focus on that and drop the sandwich category from their menu.
4	My husband likes this place a lot!  Their pizza and sandwiches are good.  The girls working the phone and counter are always very nice.  I only wish that they made their own breadsticks fresh in the store but they buy them from their wholesaler and they are not that good.  Some of the other locations make their own breadsticks and they are soooo good!  Please fix this...  :)
3	The pizza is very large but cut into the small squares for its easy to eat.  They were pretty $$$, but it was pretty good.We had the godfather and it was nice and spicy.  never had a pizza like that before.  The fried mushrooms were SO GOOD!!!!all in all it was pretty good, but to be honest, i like Round Table much better, especially for the price, just too bad its so far from home!
4	Really good pizza. Way better than the major pizza chains. The Chicago deep dish is amazing. If you order it you better love lots of cheese.
2	We had been loyal Rosati's customers. Pizza is great. wings are so so. We ordered an extra large pizza. As usual they said we would have it within an hour.  We cancelled the order an hour and a half later because it had still not arrived. When told why we were canceling  she seemed irritated at me and did not apologize (let alone offer any concessions). Hard to believe they remain in business when treating their customers so poorly.
5	I recently moved into area and decided to give them a try, I have ordered for delivery only, never a problem. They are always nice on the phone, even know call me by my name. The meatball pizza was yums, my 7 yr old lves the fingers and cheese pizza. My hubby loves the Cheef sandwich on garlic bread! Tons of meat, very tasty!
1	Worst Pizza ever. Delivery took forever - driver had to call because he was lost. Pizza was cold and soggy, called to talk to manager only to hear that there wasn't one working ! Never again.
5	born and raised in the chicago burbs, we always ate rosatis and lou malnatis. I love lous for deep.dish and rosatis for thin crust. the burb cut is squares, so all you folks, its east to eat and u think u are eatin more! I recommend a thin crust garbage pizza well done. I like it with giardinare on the side. its a hot pepper relish mix. I love you rosatis, I will be there in 2 days and ordering the love! ps amazing portions.of mozzarella and toppings, the room will.be silent....it is soooo goood!!
2	Pretty good. Ordered deep dish AND stuffed crust pizza with onions anchovies spinach and pineapple. After eating a slice, I realize there is no stuffed crust. I called them to clarify why its missing the stuffed crust and clarified that their version is crust inside the ingredients. This isn't exactly what I ordered. Stuffed crust is usually tge crust stuffed with cheese. They told me that should have been removed from their menu and the person taking my order should have explained that but did not. So I asked for reimbursement of some sort and rhey told me manager will contact me in a few days. I did enjoy the food and the taste. The only things to make this place better is making each ingredient worth the cost. For $1.80 for add'l ingredient, I expect to have each ingredient in each bite,  but I didnt. Also, make sure to give customers what they are actually ordering.
5	I'm a pizza freak and order it all the time from all over my area. I have ordered here over a dozen times. I definitely prefer Rosati's to any of the major pizza chains. When I have the extra money I order from here.
5	The best Chicago style pizza I've had in Vegas and very close to the pizza a friend had delivered to me from Chicago's Giodarno's. It was huge, thick, and packed with cheese, toppings, and red sauce! Definitely worth the price! Omg I love their tomato sauce it is so tasty. The crust taste just like a pies. Best of all we ordered for pick up and when we got home it was still HOT!! When you take a bite it's all ooey gooey cheesy goodness!  We had one half pepperoni and the other pepperoni, mushroom, & spinach. Check out my picture of the pizza and you'll know I ain't lyin!
3	It was Joel's birthday and of course he wanted pizza! We didn't feel like driving downtown so we ordered from Rosati's.Thanks to Yelp we used their website to place our order. The birthday boy had the Calzone and added pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms, and onions. I ordered the large Antipasto salad with Italian dressing. We also ordered 6 wings in their BBQ sauce. The wait time was 30 minutes not bad at all. I got there about 5 minutes before the time. I paid and had to wait a little, but not to long. When I got home we dug in! Joel's calzone was huge and filled. He said it was ok and I tried it too. But we both felt the sauce was off. I'm not sure if it was old or what. ( I've had their pizza before and loved their sauce.) Maybe it's a different sauce? The salad although I ordered a large was kinda small and lacked in toppings and was mainly ice berg lettuce. I did really enjoy the sliced Peperoncinis in the salad and the Italian dressing as very tasty. Now the wings! They sure saved the day. Perfectly cooked and perfectly sauced! Very large and meaty wings that left me wishing I had ordered more then 6! Overall I would go back and try the pizza instead of the Calzone. I'd for sure get those wings again! The salad had potential, but missed the mark this time. If I could give 3 1/2 stars I would.
1	Usually I have no complaints about this place. However I placed an order to be delivered. Said about 60 min. This was at 5pm. It's now 630 and I called and they said it just came out of the oven?? And would be out in the next delivery..  Not sure I buy that.. I ordered it at 5pm and it was just made... Let's see how long this takes.  May be my last order here
1	I got the pizza and it's not good there is no way this just came out of the oven.  The crust is chewy and doughy .. Probably my last order here.  Disappointed
5	Today was the first time I've ever had Chicago style pizza, and this place lived up to my expectations. The service was friendly and the pizza was delicious!
3	I like the Hawaiian thin crust - sauce is good.  I could eat this stuff all day.  Their shortfall is in the customer service.  The kids working there last Friday were rude and more interested in their phones than paying attention to anyone else.  As good as the pizza is - there is good pizza at other places with friendlier staff.  My husband was so disgusted - we won't be back any time soon.
1	Let me start by saying I'm originally from Chicago and have been a loyal Rosatis customer for years.  The food at this location started going down hill a few months ago and they have been forgetting stuff in my delivery order so I haven't ordered in a while.Tonight I decided to give it another shot.  And again, not only did they forget 1/2 my order then they delivered me this burnt cold pizza (see picture).  I called and spoke with the assistant manager and she refused to take money off my order if I wanted it remade and brought to me, because that's their policy.  Are you kidding me??? I have to wait another hour for my food and pay full price??? Now I remember why I stopped ordering here.  It's one thing to make a mistake but when you don't value your customers that's a shame.
5	This is our second time coming here and I truly have to say it won't be our last the pizza here is freaking Bom especially there Chicago style deep dish Pizza the best  and the service here is fast too! The only thing is there is very little seating inside and outside but the view from up here is awesome cus if u park next to wahoos tacos area your able to get a great view of the Las Vegas strip from up here which is Awesome if your into those kind of things but other than that I totally recommend this place to anyone who's looking 4 a good pizza
1	We ordered online said it would take 30 mins for pick up. We left 30 mins later. When we got there the food took another 30 mins to be ready. We ordered godfather pizza which has olives and jalapenos not mentioned in description.  We ordered double dough and got cracker tasting crust. Ordered half hot  Half mild wings.   Got all mild with no side of hot.  I called and requested they refund for service and wrong order on the wings.  Offered to remake the wings or 20 percent off next order.  We spent $45 in this service and food. SUNSET PIZZA WAY BETTER.
5	I honestly think its the best pizza in town. I usually get the three meat or the supreme and its perfect made each and every time!
2	The food is outstanding and I don't even mind paying a little more for it because of the quality. However, even after ordering from Rosati's multiple times and tipping well my orders are always late. I have had to call to inquire about the status of my order more than once at this location. And I am giving enough time; like over an hour (and I Iive less than 2 miles away.) The thing is that I would even let go a late delivery every now and again except for the fact that there is absolutely no apology what so ever and they sound annoyed that I have called to ask where the food I paid for is. Pro-tip, Rosati's: If you are late getting someone's order to them after charging more than everyone else in the neighborhood for pizza AND they have had to call you to ask where their food is, at least tell them you are sorry instead of flatly saying "oh, its going out in 2 minutes" and leaving it at that. Your customers do have options and deserve a hell of a lot better treatment.
