4	I've only seen concerts here, but I can say that the facility is top-notch as far as arenas go.  The interior and exterior of the arena is attractive and there's def. more leg room than at US Airways Center, although you still have to stand up in your row to let people by.Concession stands were fairly spread out and lines seemed to go quickly.I went to see Madonna most recently - about a year ago, and the entry process couldn't have been more easy or more funny.  This old woman security guard told all people, "Please prepare to open all bags for inspection that includes all purses, bags, and man-bags."  Fortunately for me and you (and other self-respecting men), I've never been seen in public with a man-bag.
3	I'd like to give more stars to the *harumph* Arena, but I just find it too difficult to do so.  The first reason is the *harumph*; yes, I know that 95% of arenas and stadiums are now named after their sponsors, but please, could you not pick something better than Jobing.com.  To start with, it's not even a word - shouldn't it be jobbing?  And then having a 'placenamehere.COM' as the name of any arena is just weird.  Using such a dumb name forces everyone to keep saying Glendale Arena, just so they don't have to sound stupid.Next detraction is that it is waaaay out of town - felt as though we had driven for an eternity, and when you do get there, it's in the middle of nowhere, with absolutely nothing to do nearby other than to jump back into the car.Once you get in, it is a pretty decent arena - not the greatest that I've been to, but it has a bit of character, the seats are good, nice view from most places in the arena for hockey, and the acoustics were also excellent for the concert we saw the night before.OK, so I'm feeling bad for knocking a star off purely for the name, but I'm sticking with it, and also boycotting the jobing.com web-site for having such a dumb name too.  Damn, I'm bitter!
3	I went to a Coyotes game here and I have to say I liked the arena.Yes the name is silly.  But I figure if people here call the baseball stadium Bob, anything is an improvement.  So I call this arena Joe Bing.  It's a little strange being on a first name basis with sporting complexes, I have to admit. Anyway, it's very weird that the arena is sort of built into this huge new outdoor mall.  But the free parking everywhere is fine by me.  The whole complex looks like it will be pretty nice once everything opens up, but then again I wonder how bad traffic will be with events and shopping and restaurants all going on.  Of course, there couldn't have been 1,000 people at the Coyotes game, so unless they start getting a fan base, there probably won't be a problem.  I'm sure the Madonna concert Stevey P went to drew 10x the crowd.  Or more. The arena itself is new and pretty and has all the same standard amenities that all the other new stadiums have.  Like the DBacks games I have attended, they had plenty of distractions going on to make sure the actual hockey game was not the primary purpose for coming to the arena.  Feh.  Call me a sports purest, but I can do without all that garbage. The seats we had were on the second level and we had a pretty good view of the game, so kudos to that.  But having the cupholders on the floor is not the brightest idea when people are trying to shuffle in or out of their seats.  My husband smashed up his big toe pretty bad trying to get to our seats, I can't imagine the mess it would have made if there was actually a beverage in it. And call me crazy, but the arena was really really cold!  I know, I know, it's ICE hockey.  But I played ice hockey for 10 years and have been to more professional games than I can count in many different arenas and never have I been so cold.  I guess Phoenix is already starting to make me soft!
5	I finally got to see my Red Wings play here in AZ last Saturday.  I was in complete heaven.  I do have to say that I feel real sorry for the Phoenix Coyotes (who did play a great game) because I will have to say the place was swarming with Red Wing Fans.  When the announcer was trying to get the Coyotes fans to make some noise, they made sure that the music was very loud to make it sound like there were some fans there.Enough about that.  I have to say that I was very comfortable in my seat (I was behind the Coyotes bench, about 15 rows back) and what I was mainly impressed with was the acoustics in the arena.  Also, there was no obstruction, so it seemed that wherever you sat, you had a great view of the game.I had a fantastic time, but I think it helped that the Wings won.  I left there without a voice (I tend to yell a lot at the refs like they can hear me or care what I have to say) and I especially liked the fact that I didn't have to pay for parking.I love what they are doing down there at the arena with the shops and the restaurants.  Overall, the experience was amazing.  I can't wait for the Red Wings to come back so I can go there again.
4	Now THIS is how an arena should be built; the steep constuction of its grandstands and mezz, the numerous lux boxes ringing the ice inbetween, the club areas below the arena floor and behind the goal, the magnificent sightlines and the Canadian beer.  If Phoenix ever 'got into' hockey, they would really appreciate how loud this barn could get.  Its architecture is custom built for noise and intimidation, as it lends the feeling of fans hovering over the rink.  The transformation into music hall is actually quite impressive given that large arenas are life-sponges for touring acts.  My only complaint is the sleepy, conformed bedroom community in which it was built.  Glendale couldn't be more sterile and boring if they replaced it with Pensacola, Florida.  The drive out here kills any attempts at a rowdy, drunken night of hockey or nationalgnarlyrockband, due to the impending day-trip back to civilization from the arena; and the ridiculous name befitting of its lame, corporate surrounding and immediate, and similarly foolishly monicker'ed neighbor to the west.
4	Jobing.com arena is a great place for sporting events and concerts. I've been to several of each at this venue. The suites are very nice also, I was treated to one to see Dane Cook last year and it was a blast! This place is one of the best to get general admission tickets for concerts because they do not crowd so many people on the floor that you can't breathe. The last show I saw here was the Foo Fighters and they featured a small second stage right in the middle of the floor section. This arena feels small but it sure is not and that's one of my favorite things about it. My only complaint about this place are their so called 'convience charges'. When you see a show there at least, plan to pay at least $15 above the ticket price on fees alone. The only downside I think and I wish they would lower that!
5	This arena ROCKS and so does Ice Hockey...I only wish the arena would have been built more central to everyone in the valley...I fear many lazy people will never take the drive to Glendale to support this team sport...and it is to their detriment, as Ice Hockey is one of the most fun spectator sports there is.  The name of the arena lacks imagination to be sure, but the sport has much to offer.  I hope Phoenix will get behind hockey and keep it in the valley.
4	I'm late to the game of Hockey , and to professional sports in general, so  it came as a pleasant surprise to me that attending a game with 16000 other people  could be as painless as this. That the food choices  would be so varied (  I come  from Scotland so choices at our games were pie , or no pie )   was a nice surprise, that it costs... well  no surprise there. They had me at the intro  show. Yep  this was the first time I'd seen a modern  stadium system up close and was  suitably impressed by the theatre,  so much I stayed for the game.  It's hard to mention this place without  suggesting that you give hockey a try  it's  really worth the $ to find out if  it works for you.    3 hours  versus lifetime of amusement ,  it's worth it:DTraffic control is really good, and unlike BOB where  waiting for 20 mins is usual we've been  orderly  walking,  get car and out in that time. The name is silly but the era of  evocative names like  Candlestick park  and  Fenway   to be replaced by  ephemera  such as 3 com and now monster is  indicative of the times.
4	I've seen my first NHL game here in this arena almost a year ago.  It was the Valley's favorite snowbird team (the Gretzky-helmed Coyotes) against the Calgary Flames.  My dad, my bro-in-law, his dad, and myself had nosebleeds, but it's still gread despite that the Coyotes lost that day.
4	This is a great venue other than it being in the middle of nowhere.Went to see Rockband Live (The Cab, Plain white T's, Dashboard Confessional, and Panic at the Disco). A good lineup for what was pretty much a promotional event.The concert was great, the sound system and acoustics are pretty much perfect. I highly recommend seeing your favorite band play at Jobing.com arena!
4	Jobing.com sits at the South end of Westgate, which is one of those places that makes you thank the lord for the night time because everything seems a little less out of place in this California Coastal type "mall" stuck in the middle of the desert. There is an array of restaurants (chainy although they may be) to suit most tastes and if you find yourself needing to score some extra points because it was pointed out to you during dinner that you don't bring me flowers, you can grab some from one of the vendors out by the central fountains. Clientele is a mix of extremes; so regardless of whether you are stuck forever in blue jeans or dressed to the nines and looking to share some of that brother love, you will fit right in.First time visitors may find parking options and street navigation a little like driving Brooklyn roads without a map, but hell yeah the arena has a few people posted at the common entrances that are more than willing to try and answer questions.Holly Holy this is actually a decent place to see a concert! Shocking as I am generally disappointed with the arena type venue. From the first beautiful noise to the last note, it was an evening that was definitely done too soon. The acoustics are solid and even the crunchy granola suite sitting next to us seemed comfortable in our side stage seats. Leg room is ample enough, which seems rare in this age of pack them in arenas and cup holders are within easy reach... all things that improve any venue by at least one star.We picked up our tickets at Will Call as I'm a believer this is the only way to go. No fuss, no muss!The crowd was well controlled and polite as far as concerts go. Long lines were well managed and although the air was electric with anticipation, there was a pretty amazing grace about all of the staffers, patiently keeping everyone moving toward their final destination. When asked if I was in line for the bar, a simple 'I am I said' retained my place without having to throw an elbow or smash a toe. When I reached the front of the line, a solitary man was serving up everything from cherry cherry Icee's to mixed drinks, which btw, I love on the rocks. One note, if you are purchasing a beverage that comes in a bottle; you might want to have them transfer the contents to a cup because they refuse to let you take the caps in to the arena itself... something about safety issues. I have to admit I found this a little odd, I mean what if I wanted to play me a round of the shell game to pass the time before the show started?If you plan on being home before dark, you might want to avoid valet parking. Although this is a welcome service, the wait to retrieve your vehicle may make you cry out 'sweet caroline' is this line ever going to move or look for a man of god to give you last rights?!!  I mean cracklin' rose, it's not like we're crossing a border and coming to America, just get my car already!! All in all, the night was great and I wouldn't hesitate to return to Jobing.com to take in a show.... now can you guess the show ...
4	Went here for the Coldplay concert and was very impressed!!This is one of the nicest arenas I have seen. The food vendors were top notch and name brand as opposed to the generic food you get in most venues. Beer was expensive, but hey, it's expensive in every arena...The sounds were good, the staff was polite and courteous. When we tried to go down the stairs on the wrong side of the section, she took us right to our seats, kinda nice.The one beef I have is that it is in BFE. I can't wait until I'm down here next time and have time to catch a hockey game there...
5	I recently saw a Coyotes game here and I was seriously impressed. This arena is super nice, almost mall-like and clean on the inside. What also impressed me was how much stuff there is around the arena. Where I'm from, you'd have to drive somewhere else if you want to go to dinner before or hang out after the game. Here you can just stay in your cozy little free parking spot and hang around. Probably my only gripe is that the screens on the inside could be a little bigger, but other than that. this arena is right up there.
5	Really enjoy Jobing Dot Com Arena. Great place to see a concert or a Coyotes game. It's always clean and the staff always seems to be knowledgeable and in a good mood. But the absolute best part about seeing something at Jobing Dot Com? FREE parking. Right NEXT door to the arena. And I never seem to have trouble with traffic flow either arriving or leaving. Great addition to the Valley's entertainment scene.
4	My husband and I went to the Coyotes/Blue Jackets game on Saturday evening, and despite the Blue Jackets losing, we had a really good time! Entrance into the arena was very quick and we all received a fleece blanket as the free giveaway, which came in very handy during the game. Our seats were in section 228, row A, and provided a very nice view of the game. Despite being on the second level, I didn't feel far removed from the action at all; plus we had some very entertaining fans around us, so my yelling seemed tame! The most surprising part of our game experience at was how freaking cold it was!! OK, I know, you're thinking that we were at a hockey game so what did we expect? But my husband played ice hockey for a number of years and we have been to NHL games before when we lived in Ohio, and seriously, I have never been to an ice rink as cold as this one. Thank goodness for the free fleece blanket!Unfortunately the concession stand closest to our section only sold Coors Light (very low down on the beer totem pole if you ask me), but later in the game, my husband trekked down to a concession stand a few sections over and found that they were selling Miller Lite drafts, which although not ideal, was much much better. I really didn't understand the purpose of the promotion/cheerleader girls that the team employs and I could have done without all the jumbotron closeups of them throughout the game. Call me crazy, but I just don't get promotion/cheerleader chicks for professional sports teams.I love that there is free parking and many pre and post game dining and drinking options. Even though I feel like we are driving to the other side of the earth to get to Glendale, we'll return for future hockey games and concerts.
4	I've been to Coyotes games and a couple of concerts at Jobing.com arena, so I feel that justifies a review... Despite an awful location (in my opinion) because it's on the other side of the Valley from me, the facility itself is pretty impressive.  I spent time awhile back working at Philips Arena in Atlanta (worth a trip if you haven't been), so I have something I know well to compare it to...The layout works, the bathrooms are decent (as bathrooms go) - lots of stalls, clean and plenty of toilet paper... and the concession areas are spread out just enough as well (although expensive as can be but that's what you get at most public venues).We went to the Bruce Springsteen concert most recently and acoustic and lighting was top notch - we had a blast!
4	It's a typical large indoor arena on the new side.  Very nice place, clean overall, clean bathrooms (nice suprise), and plenty of food and drink stands.  I have been here a number of times but haven't written a review.  Big acts or bands play here so the tickets are typically pricey but what do you expect.  The trick is to spend the $15 for valet because you literally pull up by an entrance and are inside in a minute.  Beautiful.  The acoustics are good and again what you would expect.
5	I visited Jobing.com for the Kiss concert earlier this week. I previously visited a few years ago when the Dancing with the Stars tour came to town. The arena is very clean, I found parking to be a breeze and the staff great. Some coworkers told me to expect $20 for parking. I was pleasantly surprised to find that there was no charge. My friend and I arrived early and had time to go to the Yardhouse close by. Having neighboring food and drink establishments close by helps save money on the inside. My seats to the show were on the floor and ushers showed us the way. Although the tickets said no camera allowed, fans had cameras and cell phones. Security allowed people to walk to the stage with their camera, while the band members walked over and posed while playing. As long as fans stayed for only a couple of minutes and were orderly, security approved. The seats were good, the atmosphere great and it was maybe the best show I have ever seen.I found getting out of the arena was good. Police guided the way, directed traffic with a descent flow and it was a quick drive to the highway. Great night and an enjoyable venue!
4	This place is one of my favorite venues for both sports and music.  I can say that I have never had a bad seat at Jobbing.com arena.  The place is home to the NHLs Phoenix Coyotes, and  all types of live  major entertainment tours.  Tons of free parking and near some fantastic places to eat and shop in Westgate City Center.
4	Yes it's out of the way for a lot of people in the valley..but it is a very nice and modern arena....it reminds me of the Miami Panthers arena in Sunrise, FL in a way....they're both next to shopping malls in heretofore undeveloped suburbs far from downtown...and you can park for free...Lines to buy tickets and to get in after tickets were bought were long...I guess that was because it was a holiday weekend and the Coyotes are good again....we bought tickets for $25 in upper end and that included a 12-oz Pepsi and a hot dog...that as well as pregame meal and drinks elsewhere cut down on spending for overpriced (and mediocre) food and drinks in arena...lots of standing room behind last row of each level...moved down to first level centre ice standing last two periods...view was great....concourses were roomy....new arena was built because Coyotes had played at America West Arena downtown and it wasn't built well for hockey (seats in lower end had to be rolled back).
3	My first and only visit (so far) to jobing.com arena was for a Coyotes game last week.  Some of the pros include: free parking (and lots of it!), reasonably priced tickets (we paid $80 for seats that were 11 rows back from the ice), dippin dots.  Some cons: horrible acoustics during the singing of the National Anthem, loooonnngg lines during intermissions.  It was a pretty standard arena visit, so I'll give it an A-OK.
4	I've now been to several hockey games and one concert at Jobing.com since I moved to the area mid 2009.The arena is just across the street from the U of Phoenix stadium where the Cardinals play. Jobing.com arena is very nice and clean both inside and outside. The arena is staffed by courteous and nice people (ushers, ticket takers etc). I've haven't sat in a bad seat yet for an event Compared to other arenas, the scoreboard is a bit outdated though. . There are numerous concessions to choose from inside the arena from staples like hot dogs and nachos and drinks to Boars Head Sandwiches and Hooters. Yes, there is Hooters food served here, but don't expect the waitresses you would be accustomed to at other locations. If you are, you'll be sadly disappointed!One thing I really like about the arena is the fountains, shops and places to eat and drink just outside the arena in the Westgate Mall..There are lots of choices to choose from eating wise. Some places being very casual, some festive and others a bit more upscale. Parking is free for hockey games and the one concert I've attended. That beats paying $20 or more at other places.The only downside is the trek to get out to Glendale. I wish the arena was closer and traffic not so bad. I'd head to more events if a 30-40 minute drive didn't turn into an hour to an hour and a half just to get there!
4	Are we there yet?  I feel like we are driving to the other side of the world... Until recently, the Coyotes were the only Phoenix-area pro sports team I hadn't seen live.  So, when the opportunity came to see my first game (and in a luxury box, too), of course I was in!  I just had no idea it would take so very, very long to get there from my Scottsdale office. Aside from the distance, this is a nice facility.  It looks shiny and new - during my visit I was told that it was designed as a copy of the arena where the Minnesota Wild plays.  How's that for trivia!?Since I tend to be "directionally challenged" I was especially appreciative of the helpful staff who pointed my group in the right direction including a hard-to-find elevator (why was I leading the way?  Oh yeah, because I am a girl and therefore will ask for directions...  thanks guys!).The box was huge, well-appointed, and right at center ice for a perfect view of all the action.  Wooo violence!  :)  There was no shortage of food/drinks - my favorites were the fruit arrangement and the chocolate mousse and strawberry cheesecake desserts (topped with cute chocolate Coyotes logos).The game itself unfortunately wasn't very exciting (Coyotes lost 3-1), and I was surprised at the emptiness of the arena overall.  The fans in attendance were enthusiastic, but I think well over half of the seats were empty - for a game with the #1 and 2 teams in the Pacific Division...Great arena, but I wish it were closer - I didn't get home until nearly 11pm - soooo hard to get up early the next morning...
5	Jobing.com Arena is unlikely to ever be named as one of the Wonders of the World (or even the most cleverly named venue), but it's a great destination to catch a sporting event.It's conveniently located near the freeway and has abundant parking near the arena. They advertise $10 parking which seemed to be a bargain for most sporting events, but when I got here I found out that they have large free lots right across the street. Free parking? I can't even park on the street for free these days. Access to the stadium is easy and there's even a few shops around one side of the place (think mall food court on steroids). Inside they have a healthy dose of vendors along the walkways which are conveniently located. The seats are fantastic: even the $15 upper level seats have a nice view of the action. With the free parking and reasonable seat prices, you'll definitely spend more on concessions here.
5	I am a huge hockey fan from Michigan. So of course I have to go to see the Red Wings when they come to town. I was impressed with the arena. Of course its not Joe Louis, but it was the right temperature and had adequate restrooms for the ladies. The prices are what you expect them to be when you go to a concert or sporting event. I plan on going back tonight to see the Coyote's play the Stars. This time maybe they will win.
4	Took in my first hockey game at the arena with Coyotes taking on my team the Saint Louis Blues on 3/2/10.  My wife and I had great seats 5th row from the glass so the action was acourse awesome. Prior to this game, the last time I was at this arena was in 2004 so it took me awhile to figure out where everything was such as concessions because this arena had lots to choose from than just your ordinary hot dog and popcorn.The arena for a hockey game is absolutely the best and I agree that any seat in the house would be a good seat to see the action.  However, I like to be up and close besides I will only be attending a game or two a year so I can easily afford to splurge on the higher priced seats once or twice a year.The prices were reasonable for an arena but expect smaller quantities.  For instance, they want $6 for a soda but it was only like a 24 oz maybe so settle for the $4.50 bottle soda.The beer prices appeared to be about a buck cheaper than over at U.S. Airways Center.Do not eat anything from the Hooter's concession stand.  I bought a small cup of french fries ( $4 ) and two orders of 10 wings ( $8.75 ea ) because we love wings and we heard good things about Hooter's wings.We get down to our seats and the fries and wings are cold !  We just wasted $21.50.  We will never eat at this arena again. Parking is free so don't pay $10 for the premium parking unless you just want to throw money away like we did for our food.  Get out and walk as Westgate is nice to stroll through on the way to the arena.Overall great place to catch a live NHL game and on Thursday's they have all you can eat hotdogs, nacho's and popcorn I believe including soda for $30 per person.
4	Went to jobing.com arena to see the Coyotes play hockey for the 2nd time in 2 years. They had a great deal for girl scouts ($19 for 200 level, $31 for lower,) so my daughter and I decided to go. We had a great time once we made our way up to the top level and got in our seats. We were treated poorly when we tried to take the escalator up and didn't realize it was for the box seats, but that usher seemed to have a stick up his butt anyways- old man took his job way too seriously. The price of food was a bit high, but I did notice there were meal deals which seemed pretty reasonable for game food. I have been 6 rows from the ice and now in row G of the 200 level. I would definitely splurge next time for the lower seats, but we still had great views. After the game, my daughter and I were allowed to go on the ice and take a slap shot. A great experience, and everyone (except for the grumpy old man) was very helpful and nice. Side note: Go to HowlersDen.com and sign up for the Howlers Kids Club. With a $15 membership your kids get lots of fun trinkets, but best of all you get 2 seat vouchers (good for $30 seats in upper row.)
5	Let me start  by saying this place is GREAT. I don't even know where to begin with this review because the layout of this arena is fantastic. I experienced history last night at Jobing.com stadium as it hosted it's first ever Stanley Cup playoff game as the Phoenix Coyotes faced my Detroit Red Wings. It was truly just another of the Many joys of my life that i could cross of my list before i leave this earth. I got to the arena at about 3:30pm and imagine this, 7500 spaces of FREE parking...are u KIDDING me.I got out of my jeep walked into a outdoor mall area on a cobblestone street, there were outdoor restaurants, shops, and beautiful water sculptures. All of these sat to my right, and to my left was the arena that's right sitting in the heart of this Shopping and dining mecca was an actual hockey arena. The layout was nothing like i have ever seen, i mean shopping, dining, music, and a great hockey arena all out here in the middle of nowhere in Glendale Arizona. Did I mention The University of Phoenix Stadium for the Arizona Cardinals is right across the street which is also an awesome sight to see and the next place i plan to visit here when football season returns.The arena itself is spectacular...the sight lines are beautiful...not a bad seat in the house. The audio system is awesome and the place was electric for this game...and while my red wings fell 3-2 to the coyotes it was a fantastic playoff atmosphere. The food prices are a bit steep, but not awful..and the stadium is extremely clean...but definitely dress warm because it was very cold..but not due to the ice but I believe they had the air conditioner on full blast up in there...LOL  It was colder than normal for even a hockey game compared to other stadiums i have been to.When the game was over...despite the 17000 plus sellout crowd...i was out and on the freeway in 5 minutes. The staff handled the departure of all the people in  a orderly and quick fashion...easily the fastest time it has ever taken me to leave a sporting event. I can't wait to go back there in the future...and if you are ever in Glendale run, run, run don''t walk to this marvel in the desert. Eat, Drink, and you definitely will be Merry in Glendale my friends!!!!
1	On Friday, April 16, 2010 The management at this Arena allowed a drunk misogynist with really bad hair to abuse and assault me, refusing to remove the person even when I went to the trouble of hunting down the manager/team leader. The blond hefty usher who clearly didn't want to be bothered to do her job,  told me that they had no authority to remove the patron who screamed "faxxot" at myself and my brother for an entire period of hockey, and then called me a C_NT, and shoved me as I left the stadium.  I had earlier complained to the management that this person refused to stay seated and they said they had no authority to remove him. No wonder they are going bankrupt.
3	It's not really fair to do this but I'm going to compare Jobing.com to HP Pavilion. Me and a friend went here today for the preseason Sharks/Coyotes game. The venue is really nice but I have a few problems with it:Hockey etiquette- in San Jose this is a huge thing. The ushers are there to ensure you have the best hockey going experience. They will not let fans get away with leaning forward and obstructing others view. Here there is not an usher to be found. We had to move because the lady in front of us didn't know how to sit in a seat correctly.Cheerleaders- they paid girls to stand around shaking pom poms. Last I heard cheerleaders were strictly a football and basketball thing.Announcers- the announcers were TERRIBLE. I know its preseason but come on. It really took away from the experience.There were a couple of things I did like about it though:Parking- parking was free and there was a lot of it. I don't know if this is usually the case but it was for this game.The mall- there is a nice mall right by the stadium with food options and a theater.I know it was only a preseason game so it may be different in the regular season. I'll be back to see if that's the case as soon as the Sharks return.
3	I give the stadium itself a four star review.  The seats are good, the rink itself is fantastic and the entire complex is a great idea.Now for the downside.  The location rates a one at most.  Whomever thought that locating a hockey rink in the middle of a farmer's field in Glendale was a good way to increase interest in hockey should be shot.  In the gut.  It takes at least a half an hour in light traffic to get from the city centre out to the arena, good luck making it from work for an evening game if you don't live/work out in Glendale.  Such a shame because as I previously mentioned, the arena proper is fantastic.
3	Nice grass!!! Didn't go inside as we were here for a beerfest and concert but it was quite an impressive building and the nicest, softest grass on the planet, I'm sure!
4	I have had the opportunity to watch games at the Staples Center, and Honda Center in Los Angeles and Anaheim. Both are great arenas and are very fan friendly. Jobing.com is totally different, and that's not a bad thing! I really enjoy the arena is in the same complex with restaurants and movie theater. Great place to hang out before and after the game. Parking is great, I actually had a parking pass and did not use it. I just parked at the west gate parking lot. The arena was very easy to acess, and we had a great time. We will be coming back many more times.
4	Great venue never felt crammed in the building and the area in the arena and around it is greatlike others have said though.... located in the middle of nowhereand the concessions didn't seem that goodoh well I got my wish to see the coyotes thrashed by the canucks
4	My family and I might have been lucky when we attended a recent Coyotes game at the Jobing.com Arena. We didn't pay for parking. I thought that that was a bit unheard of at sporting events, but I didn't complain! The complex itself is clean and well organized. And yes, it's a bit pricey to buy a beer or any sort of food item, but that is also expected. $9 for a beer is probably standard. I also really like the Westgate Shopping Center next to the arena. Easy, walkable access to food and drinks before or after a game is just good thinking!
4	Surprise, Surprise - out of all the places to watch pro-hockey in the world - Glendale, Arizona. I was really surprised what a nice venue the Phoenix Coyotes have. I parked for free with my buddy from the Bay Area, who flew in to watch the Sharks take on the Coyotes for 1st place on 3/26/11. We approached the area not knowing what to look for in the flat desert community. But once we saw The University of Phoenix Stadium, we saw the large Westgate Mall and Jobing.com Arena hidden within it. It was really cool how the designers implemented the Arena in the middle of everything. We literally parked, walked through this giant mall area and entered the arena. The Arena itself is pretty new. Sat 5th row and enjoyed the view. The arena has a good setup, along with a quality arrangement of concession stands and restrooms.  The scoreboard could use some updating, but that was about all I could recommend. The sound system was good too. I enjoyed the beats - since the Coyote fans were really quiet. And the imported beer (Heineken) was $11 bucks - a little too pricey, but very normal at sports events across America. After enjoying the venue,  we checked in at a bar in the Westgate Mall outside the arena. I would love to come back and enjoy future games there - hope the Coyotes don't move out of Phoenix.
4	Came to Phoenix (Glendale) alllllll the way from San Jose to watch the Sharks play here. 1st off I want to say that the entire center known as "Westgate" was AMAZING!! I have never seen such a sports plaza and was impressed thru and thru. Arizonians should be very proud of that set up. Although San Jose's HP Pavilion is 2 times as big as Jobing.com arena, San Jose cant even hold candle to what surrounds the Glendale Arena. I LOVED that Fox Sports Net Arizona was broadcasting live in the plaza before and after the game. San Jose NEVER does that. From bars, to restaurants, to shopping, to waterfalls, to jumbo-trons, to a 25' inflatable hockey player... AMAZING. 2nd, the Coyote fans were wonderful and very tactful. As much as I hear that Coyotes don't have much of a following, their arena was sold out. Probably about 20% Shark fans, but sold out none the less. Now, if the Coyotes would have won that night, perhaps the ghettoness of their fans may have came out, but they didn't, so I probably will never know how hardcore those fans are. 3rd, the jobing.com arena is small. Long line for refreshments. You cant get back to your seat in between periods in time. Just so you know. Anyway, so yes. Arizonians be proud. Embrace hockey. Its a great game and a great time out with friends and family. Sidenote: - I was on FSN Arizona waving the Sharks flag. I have a pic taken off the tv that my cousin took. haha. - I can understand why San Jose doesn't have such a beautiful plaza like Glendale does. 1) bums would live there and f*ck it up 2) gang bangers would bang there and f*uck it up and 3) we simply dont have the land or space and thats f*cked up.........
2	As a disabled veteran, I received donated passes for an event here. Upon arrival, I told the box office I was having a hard time walking, and asked that they assign me seats that didn't involve stairs. I made it very clear to her that I was not asking for "preferential seating", just anything with as few stairs as possible. She said the best she could do was put me in seat 1 at the very end of the row.She gave me the tickets and told me to take the escalators to the left... so after walking all the way down the concourse we found out those were the ones coming down, and the one's going up were on the opposite end. Not one staff member offered help, or asked if I needed assistance getting to my seats. (In contrast, US Airways Center staff have always been amazingly helpful.)So we finally make it up two escalators only to find out they put me in Section 203, Row A, Seat 1. TOP LEVEL AT THE BOTTOM OF A  FLIGHT OF STAIRS. In addition, none of the concession stands were open on that side of the arena.My kids and I walked to the opposite side of the arena to get something for all of us to drink ($5.75 for a 20oz bottle of Diet Pepsi). When we got there, we noticed over 3/4 of the seats were empty, so I asked to sit at the very top of Section 214 in a bunch of empty folding chairs. Mind you, the seats I was given were in the FRONT row of the top section... I asked if we could sit in the TOP row. I was given plenty of attitude by the usher, but was allowed. However, my two friends, my kids, and I were given dirty looks, and harassed about everything and anything by the usher.Well, one thing I can say for social media... is that it certainly got SOMEONE'S attention that day. My friends and I started posting about the way we were being treated, and sure enough a supervisor came up and moved the usher to another section. About an hour later, she returned to our section... all smiles.I understand that some people with disabilities abuse the kindness of others, but when a guy asks to sit in WORSE seats than what he has tickets for... he's probably not one of those people.
5	I've been to a number of NHL arenas and amongst the "new school" of NHL arenas this is undoubtedly one of the best; it is a shame that not enough people show up for the games to appreciate it.Starting first with the location - essentially in the midst of a large shopping and entertainment complex - there is no shortage of people watching and things to do before and after the game.  Next add in the free parking, another huge perk for someone not a stranger to spending $20 to park a car in Detroit.Entering the arena everything is clean and well maintained while the ice surface is kept in pristine condition by cooling the entire building to arctic levels almost as if to avoid any criticism of playing a cold weather sport in the Valley of the Sun.Seating is comfortable and the sight lines are pristine while the open view of the surface from the upperdeck is innovative and a nearly "bowl" like experience unlike any other.Dear Phoenix, there is a good chance I'll be moving to your city, please find a local buyer for the damned team so I have an excuse to come here more often.  You'll never be my favorite team, but I'll contribute to a season tickets package and cheer for you anytime you're not playing the Kings.
5	What can I say, it's a great little stadium. And like a few other people say. GO YOTES!!!
4	Great venue for hockey. The arena is like a small indoor stadium. The sight lines are terrific for hockey. Getting to the arena was a snap, and there was plenty of parking. The location is great the arena is in the middle of an entertainment complex so pre and post game activities are abundant. Inside the arena offers wide open concourses which offers a nice open feel and a feeling like you are not missing the game even if you are away from your seat. Beer was $10 for domestics and are served in a tall boy can (classy). I enjoyed the game a lot being a kings fan visitng phoenix and taking in a coyotes game was a memorable experience. I like this venue a lot and i think i will come back to watch the kings play here again. I just wish the coyotes fans would fill this place up. The arena was at 60% capacity for a weekend game and thats just not right.
4	Surprisingly nice arean, given that the fans in Phoenix apparently hate hockey...  It's got a lovely outdoor area with shopping and restaurants, convenient and close free parking, and a large selection of food and beverage options inside.  When we went, the stadium was pretty much empty...which is fairly normal, as I understand it.  Still, if there was more interest, the place could hold a large number of people and has the potential to be a great venue for Arizona hockey.
4	Very nice stadium to watch a hockey game! Every year, my family and I travel to phoenix to catch the coyotes take on my beloved Chicago Blackhawks! The fans are really nice in phx, no one give you are hard time, but then again it is always about 50% hawks fans. The stadium is very clean! The only downfall, it is about 25 degrees in this stadium! I know I know, it's a hockey game, you should expect it to be cold. I wore the same outfit I wear to a game in Chicago, but I FROZE and jobing.com arena. My dad was even going to buy a coyotes sweatshirt he was that cold. Thank God I convinced him otherwise! Nevertheless, can't wait to come back her in Feb for another hawks/coyotes matchup!
5	Not a single bad seat in the house, SERIOUSLY!! I love this place :) The energy is palpable! Even for those of us who are still learning their way around hockey, the experience of watching a game here is second to none. The only thing I would warn you about is that they stop selling alcoholic beverages when the last period starts ( I think that's what it's called!). When I've attended games here I also have dinner at one of the local restaurants, so I park out by the movie theater. The walk to the arena isn't bad (you just walk through the outdoor mall & it's directly behind it), parking is free & the street entrance is right off the free way, so it's quicker! Honestly, there are no cons :)
4	Went to Jobing arena to see the Boston Bruins play on the road. First off being a Boston sports fan you are used to arena's with high priced food and drinks. Coming to Jobing Arena I had high expectations for the prices and the arena itself since it is a couple years old. We walked through a medal detector( just like in airport security) and the staff was friendly. Before you even walk in to find your seats and food there are people upfront as you walk in places to buy beer. The layout for where to go to seats was marked clear and easy to find. We walked about looking at all the concession stands near our section. There was a lot of variety and choices to choose from. There was bores head deli station. the normal of hotdogs,nachos, sausage, popcorn etc. There was plenty of beer to choose from. The interesting thing about the alcohol was that for the beer like example brands (miller light, heineken, coors, etc) they gave you about a 20 or 30 oz can which were around 10 or 11 dollars. The price you pay for the beer is a good value. At the Boston Garden you would get 1 cup not even 8oz for about 10 dollars. My dad and I ended up getting soda $5.50, bottled water $5, 2 footlong chili dogs $7.50 each and we shared a salted footlong braided pretzel also $5. The thing i liked about some of the concession stands was they had combo deals for example Sausage with fries and soda for $12.75. The actual prices of tickets were a good price. Where my dad and I sat if we were back in Boston would have been around $150 a piece. My dad and I paid around 60 or 70 for our seats for 20 rows from the ice. The seats were very plush and had good support for the bottom and back of the seats. (not something you see in Boston) and they each had cup holders. The stadium was very clean and the staff was really friendly and helpful. Over all it was a great experience and I highly recommend anyone to see a game or even a concert at this arena. There is not a bad seat in the house the stadium is made for a good view at any seat. There is also lots to do outside the area for pre-game and post game. There is a huge complex of shopping, bars/restaurants and a movie theatre. It is a busy place and is a great place to go after or before a game. Plus to top it all off it is FREE  and I repeat FREE parking at the arena!
4	I was way out west wasn't I? Ok, first time at this arena. We went for a concert and was pleasantly surprised to find it pretty organized in terms of parking. They have multiple lots with mult price tags: $20-$15 valet, $10 premium lots, and the free lot.....which was 20 feet from the premium lot. I don't get that. Walking through the door I had an old man flashlight my purse and a quick walk through the metal detector where they then scanned our tickets. There were plenty of staff to help us find out seats. For this event I got floor tickets-which I've never had for any event, ever. Are the seats on the floor always this small? The big guy next to met tried his best not to invade my space but his shoulder was at about the height of my face so I was fully aware of his presence at all times.We purchased a soda, water, and popcorn which averaged around $14. Meh, what do you expect? The bathrooms were clean and well stocked with paper supplies. Us ladies appreciate that.
4	Went here to see Trans Siberian Orchestra! Parking was good. We were free in handicap, however I think $10 is reasonable regardless. Parking appears to be ample for the area.We had tickets on the floor (chairs) however I am not sure the price made it worth it. I think I could of saved $20 and had a seat in the stand and still have an awesome experience. My daughter (15) agreed. Sound was great inside, very impressed.
4	I been here now 3 times and mainly because of ICE HOCKEY!! You definitely want to make it to watch one of the big games like I did with Red Wings (it was hard to cheer for both teams same time!). It is easy to find your sits and they are comfortable for my size. If you are over 6' ... good luck!. First time we were down as tickets were cheaper long time ago for obvious reasons, but last 2 times I had to sit with the proletarians and it was still good. Restrooms are enough for women, though for men during hockey they seem to be too few. Food inside? bah! eat outside and bring a platypus for water as a little bottle is $4.
4	1 Dollar hot dogs and 1 dollar soda and beer?! Yippee!We went to watch the sharks game and yes i love the sharks because i am from San Jose.  Duh!  I am slightly disappointed I did not try any food the buffalo wraps apparently didn't have much buffalo sauce and tasted like little dribbles of the red hot sauce so I in no way wanted to eat a nasty wrap that lacked the kick it desperately needed.  How many times do you here that about buffalo wings? Not many.  The dollar hot dogs didn't look the best but you can tell why they are or were a dollar.  If I could bring my own food and desserts and drinks Id be in my own kind of heaven.  But then again you can go to a restaurant out side of the arena get completely full and slightly tipsy so you can really enjoy the game! That's be a Stellar time!Why pay more for mediocre food when you have restaurants outside of the entrance?
4	I was very impressed with Jobing Arena. My home arena is HP Pavilion in San Jose and I can (painfully) admit that there is more character and convenience built into the Coyotes' home. Luckily, fans attend this place like you'd expect for a hockey rink built in the desert, so tickets are plentiful and cheap. My friend was able to get Toyota Club seats, so we had a fantastic experience. The tickets came with free drinks, dinner buffet and an excellent view of ice (and the Coyotes crushing the Sharks). Walking around, I was very impressed with the layout of the arena. I also have to compliment the fans as well. They were very civil and there was a lot camaraderie (despite the many empty seats). The major drawback is that the arena is a bit of a drive from downtown phoenix and there weren't great public transportation options.
4	I walked into the arena thinking, "Man, this is a sad, quiet place!" Which makes sense, because it's a hockey venue in AZ. But little did I know that I was going in some weird back entrance, and the other side held an LA Live-esque mall of loud restaurants and neon lights.Inside, the arena is well-lit (take that, Staples Center), clean, and the seats are SO cheap! We sat maybe 15 rows back from the ice for only $40 a ticket. Insane! It's intimate, the sound is good, and parking outside is FREE.My heart bled teal as we watched the Sharks lose 3-0 to the Yotes, but I couldn't be too upset when I heard the joyous howling of the fans. (Just kidding, I was super upset.)
3	Cold, even for a hockey game.  And the upper deck is so steep I thought about going on belay to reach my seat!
4	The arena was very clean with a great assortment of food that smelled very good. I started to get a migraine just before the game and during the second period of a hockey game I went to find some asprin. I had only brought my debit card and did not have cash for the 25 cent dispenser. One of the EMTs took great care of me and really helped me out. I was SO grateful that he was there. I wish I knew his name...
4	I liked the idea of having so many options of before hand activities right all in steps of  the arena. The place was huge, and I have to say, I was lucky enough to be here for Jeremy Roenick night.  Being a huge Hawk fan, this was such an honor!  The fans here were super amazing, and honestly, there was a nice mix of Hawks and Yotes fans on hand.Food options weren't that great, but a bonus for having Jeremiah's Sweet Tea Vodka!  Yay!  I do have to say, beer selections were great too.I'm lucky enough to have a friend who lives in Phoenix, so I'll be back next year!
4	Seeing jobing.com more often lately with Coyotes Fever becoming a terminal disease.  It's a nice venue for hockey, with half-decent free parking and decent access, though the traffic flow is better for Cardinals games than it is for a packed hockey game.  The luxury suites are nice, and there's really not a bad seat in the joint, though the nosebleeds are predictibly too far from the action.  If the 'Yotes wind up staying in town, we'll probably buy a mini ticket package next year.  C'mon City of Glendale, don't screw this up - get a lease deal done and let's keep the team in Arizona!
4	Here's everything you need to know: A 16oz domestic beer is $8.25A 24oz domestic beer is $11.25Well ok, there's other stuff you should know too. The facilities are very clean and neatly organized. The staff are friendly and helpful and you never have to go very far to buy something to eat or drink. They smoking area is actually kinda nice, but not shaded and no misters (take THAT smokers!). There are bathrooms everywhere, and they're super clean! Never a line for the women's room... Whoa!There's a ton of free parking and outside in Westgate, you have like five or six different restaurants to choose from.
5	Toyota pavilion is a hidden gem.  Under the decks you have a player entry view while having free drinks and an excellent buffet with good quality chefs.  Desserts are over the top.  I am amazed each event has a unique theme and a variety of dinners.  Tabletops are limited.  Use the player entrance to get to your seats.
5	Good view for concert
4	Pretty decent place to watch a hockey came. We travelled from Chicago to Phoenix to watch the Blackhawks vs. Coyotes game for my birthday. The seats are pretty evenly spaced and there is decent legroom. It is freezing in this place though, much colder than other arenas I have been so make sure to bring extra clothes!
4	The arena itself is great with some amazing steep seating and sight lines. They have a large team store, decent beer selection and clean environnent. The Westgate area outside is one of the coolest amenities I have seen on sports as well. The only problem are the fans in Phoenix. They are quiet, few, and uninterested in the game. The game I went to the Coyotes were playing the San Jose Sharks and the loudest people there were the Sharks fans and they were also 30% of the crowd.
3	The seats are a decent size, It's hard to argue with free parking, and they built a mall around it, but it's such an awful location.  If they were to locate the hockey arena in Downtown Phoenix, south Scottsdale, or the north part of Tempe it would be in the exact center of the valley, instead it's all the way to one side.  If I lived in Gilbert of Chandler I'd never drive that far to go to a game.  I've heard rumors that it was supposed to be where SkySong is, which would have been amazing.  Instead it's halfway to California.  If it was perfectly located I'd give it 5 stars, if it had a decent location I'd give it 4.  Instead it gets 3, based entirely on being located so far away from civilization.
1	Jobing.com arena was easily the worst stadium experience I have ever had. I attended the Coyotes vs. Blackhawks game on 01/20/13. My group arrived at the stadium an hour before the start and waited in a forty-five minute line just to get through the gate. The reason for this delay was two-fold; the metal detectors that allow only eight people to enter the stadium at a time and malfunctioning ticket scanners. I understand the metal detectors were for our safety but a more efficient implementation is severely needed.    Once we finally got into the stadium we entered a concession line to get some food and drinks. The prices were not outrageous for stadium fare, the problem was they were out of what we wanted, hot dogs. I for the life of me can't understand how a large stadium concession booth can run out of hot dogs before the game has even started. My wife very generously offered to wait in a different line for food so I could watch the start of the game, so I took her up on it. After another fifteen minutes she returned with two ice cold hot dogs and a pretzel so stale it could have been used as a hockey puck. My wife actually cut her finger trying to break a piece off to eat, it was that hard.    There was no intermission entertainment aside from five minutes of pee-wee hockey players stumbling around the ice. Coyotes fans came and went as they pleased, not waiting for a stop in the action to stand up and exit their seats. At the United Center in Chicago you are not allowed to leave your seats until there is a whistle, and if you try you are told by other fans to "wait for a whistle." When you return to your seats at the UC, ushers won't let you into your section until there is a whistle, a practice Jobing.com would be wise to adopt.   I will say that the stadium was very clean, the parking was free and the area surrounding the stadium was very nice. However, I was so soured by my overall experience that I wouldn't return, even for a Blackhawks game. I guess I'm just spoiled by Chicago stadiums, where they've got it down to a science. In the end the Hawks won, so I guess the night wasn't a total loss.
1	Avoid this rink at all costs. The Phoenix Coyotes have a reputation for not putting cheeks in the seats, which isn't a big shocker if you follow hockey at all. However, when they do get a crowd, it's typically filled with whiny fans that boo icing and offside calls. Oh, and if you go rooting for the other team? These courteous fans will goat you into their form of trash talking which is far from the friendly banter most of us are use to at other venues across the NHL. They tell you to go back to your city the entire game, use homophobic slurs, and make up lies to security guards. They even expect and ask you to sit down when you stand up to cheer your team for scoring a goal. This was all coming from a bitter old man and his wife who are season ticket holders. Section 115 Row X to be exact. He told security that we were the ones saying all of these terrible things, when really it was him. So for the entire third period and until we left the building, two of Glendale's most finest were watching our every move. It was borderline harassment. They went out of their way to make me and my friends feel unwelcome.  So what happened when I brought this up to Nick Myers who is a manager in the ticket department? He apologized that his season ticket holders acted that way and said he'd forward my email to security. Which I'm still waiting to hear back from a couple days later. I don't recommend going to this venue for true hockey fans. Your time would be better spent watching a Columbus Blue Jackets game on the NHL Center Ice Package on a 12 inch black and white television.
4	We are season ticket holders @ jobbing.com and we watch nearly every coyotes game there. Decent arena seats, typical 10.00 bombers, and food is pretty much on par for stadium food. (nachos, hot dogs, that type of fare) However, there is a buffet for Toyota seats, and this year (where we sit) the Gila River Casino 'lounge' which isn't bad, 32.00 per person and quite a bit more variety. I have been to several concerts here as well, and the acoustics out do the US Airways center, bar none. People who complain that it takes a long time to enter the stadium don't realize there are 8 gates! The Westgate complex adds to the experience as well with decent options pre or post game / concert. Of course, the major issue is that it is a drive for most people, but everything is in the valley.
5	Jobing.Com is by far the best arena in this state. There, I said it. The experience is not even close to the other arenas. We do not have many, but it far exceeds anything we've built based on basic purpose. This place has amazing acoustics, by the way. Lets just point that out. It should get more music acts, and historically they've had some insanely big names and events. Paul McCartney comes to mind as the biggest. There is not a bad seat in the house, seriously. The sight-lines are amazing, when they built this place they obviously had in mind the fan, and the fact that we prefer to sit anywhere and have a good view. Food options at the site are plentiful, I won't down the prices because its an arena, expect to pay a lot. I think the one place that sets them apart is the Boars Head sandwich shop on the lower level. Great idea! They serve up some amazingly tasty sandwiches. They have a couple beer stations in select spots for premium beers and drinks which is awesome. Customer service has never been needed, but they are always courteous as I walk by.As for the team, come on guys. You can't give this place a bad rating for the way the management of the team goes. Everyone knows this place should have been built in Scottsdale. It wouldn't been the crowning achievement for the area, and we would have been better off for it. Sadly that never happened. That's besides the point. This place is amazing. The fans that do go actually enjoy hockey and understand the game. Hockey has been in the valley since the 60's, despite many people not understanding this fact at all... Sadly it might not last longer. I love this arena, its a ways away from where I live but I truly care for it and love sitting down for a game. I consider it one of the nicest arenas i have been in, and when its filled, it gets louuuud! Go Yotes!
4	Awesome place to watch a hockey game or concert.  It's a modern facility that accommodates large crowds very well.  The food options and flow of foot traffic makes it very convenient.  However, the one complaint I have is parking.  There's no logical place to park.  You have to park somewhere in the adjacent shopping center, but they protect some of those spaces for shoppers, so you have to find these lots that are surrounding the area and none of the parking is relatively close to the Arena.  I pay the $20 to $30 to valet park my car so I don't have to deal with the nonsense.  However, I wish there was a better way.Return Factor - 90%
5	Let's go coyotes~
5	This arena is fun! Outside area reminds me of downtown Disney with all the music, people and food. Inside is clean but they need to lower the AC a little bit during the hockey game. It was too cold even for my male family members.
4	Hockey in the desert? Yes please!Ive sat in just about every section here, and (for hockey) there is not a bad seat in the house. Yes, their beers are expensive, but are you really just there for the beer??Their ticket prices are decent, Id suggest going on a night that they offer a food package if youre really worried about the price to see a professional (yes haters, professional) hockey team. The food options inside the stadium are great, and really diverse (for stadium food). We prefer the Oggis counter, but the burger counter always smells sooooo good. Some day...If youre not wanting to pay stadium prices for game food, Id suggest eating at one of the many restaurants just outside the North entrance at Westgate.The staff here is always nice too. Whether youre on a club level, in the very cool Toyota club, or a regular section. Out of 25 games weve gone to here I can honestly say weve only had one bad experience w/ someone behind one of the food/beer counters.This place is pretty good to see a concert at too.Yes its far, but it and the Yotes are worth it.
4	I received free hockey tickets via my job and thought, why not? The stadium was pretty nice and easy to maneuver around. The beer is expensive ($11.25 for a tall boy), but I think most people come to expect that when they attend a sporting event. My only major complaint was the price of parking ($15). I understand that most events charge for parking, but c'mon this venue is in the middle of nowhere. I think $5 would have been adequate. Also, where are people suppose to park if they are not attending the hockey game and utilizing the cinema or one of the various restaurants?Overall, I had a great evening and thoroughly enjoyed myself. I look forward to possibly coming out for a concert or to explore the surrounding restaurants, etc.
4	Only recently getting into the Arizona sports scene.  I've been here for a few Coyote's games this season.  Love this place!  I wish there was a little more variety in the concessions, but that's my only gripe.  The way that it's situated in Westgate is awesome.
4	Great place for an event! I have only been to the hockey games at Jobing.com Arena but there is not a single bad seat there.  I would like to check out a concert here at some point in time.I just wish this place was not all the way out in Glendale!!
5	Yesterday was my third time I've been here for an event. Last night's event was a hockey game between the Colorado Avalanche (the team I am a big fan of) & the hometown Phoenix Coyotes. I like this venue because there isn't a bad seat in the place, no matter if you're there for a hockey game or a concert. The other two times I was there, coincidentally, were for a hockey game (same exact teams as last night's event) and Paul McCartney's concert here in November of 2005. The acoustics in this place are awesome, especially when there is music involved, such as right before each puck drop and during time-outs. The music sounds phenomenal coming from the sound system. When McCartney did his '05 show here, my husband & I were blown away, not just by how great he sounded and looked onstage that night, but because of the amazing acoustics, the size of the venue, and the seating. We were up above the second tier and had a great view of Paul and his band that night! Very impressive!Getting back to last night's event, I was at the game with a friend and we had a blast! Did a ton of walking before the game and after but this place, crowded as it was, still drew a pretty good sized crowd and rightfully so. It's a great venue for a sporting event and it wasn't too cold in there either. Just perfect, the seats were comfortable, and nobody infringing our view of the game. If you go there for certain games, they have some pretty good deals on souvenirs, drinks, & food items. The ushers are very helpful and accomodating. If you need security for any reason, they are right there to help. I know I will go back for more events in the future.
4	I saw Rammstein play here. I am usually on the floor, but this time I was on the side seats. close to the floor. Great view. BUT 2/3rds into the concert this huge bridge lowered itself, and from the floor a small tiny stage arose from the floor. Right in front of my face. I was eye level with the artists and the were right in front of me. It was like eating awesome-sauce straight from the aluminum tube in comes in. But that is neither here nor there, because I am rating the facility. The sounds was adequate and it was clean and organized. Just like a great experience demands it to be. I would come here again for any kind of venue, may it be hockey or Scandinavian metal machine music.
4	We attended the Trans-Siberian Orchestra show over the past weekend and it was definitely a well suited arena for this type of event.  The arena was a little more than half full and it was easy to find our seats with the helpful event staff.  I had a hot chocolate since it was a tad cold in the arena, but it wasn't very good, so I probably wouldn't order that again.The fountain outside of the arena was very nice and there were plenty of places on site to eat if you wanted to stay close to your event / show.  The parking wasn't terrible, even when leaving, it seems that there were an adequate number of parking staff persons and exits to ensure that everything cleared out in an organized and easy manner.Overall: B+As with all arenas, the food / drinks / parking is pricey, but the overall ambiance and ease of everything make this a go back venue.
5	Been here several time for concerts and Coyotes games. Not really a bad seat in the House..even from the upper deck. Good parking lots and easy access and great location to Westgate to get dinner or drinks before or after the event.  Recently went to Peal Jam concert here and eventhough we were upper level they sounded awesome and I could see everything clearly!
4	I was here for a concert. . .not a game.  I thought the overall arena was nice.  Very new, very clean.  Ushers were friendly and helpful.  It's not the best location for a concert.  The seating was odd due to the stage being at one end and seats facing center.  I'm sure this place is a lot better for a game!
4	I came here to watch my Ducks play the Coyotes, and try to stay next door at the Renaissance Hotel.  Its not in Phoenix.  Its about 20 minutes away from downtown.The arena is very nice, and very well laid out.  Plenty of concession items to choose from, and if you sit downstairs, every seat is a good seat.  I heard it was made so every sightline would be excellent downstairs.  I can't say about upstairs, as I've never sat anywhere but downstairs.Parking is odd.  If you're willing to park at the outlet mall about 1/2 mile away (its literally on the other end of the parking lot) its free. Otherwise, if you're lazy , it'll cost you like $10 or $15... or something like that.  Since I stay at the hotel next door, I have to pay for parking.The area adjacent ot the arena has lots of shops and restaurants.  Get there early as the places get real busy, and you can lose track of time and miss the game.
4	Parking is a breeze.  Even though I saw signs that informed me that it was $15 to park in various lots, I found a free parking spot right outside the stadium.And it's a great setup with a dozen or so bars and restaurants located in the immediate vicinity of the Arena.  Good for hanging out with friends either before, during, or after a game.On the inside, the Arena is very clean and easy to get around with a ton of signs noting sections and restrooms.  Seats are comfortable and well-marked.  My only issue with this place is the price of alcoholic drinks.  If I had a family of four underage kids that I wanted to illegally provide alcohol to, then the prices would be very prohibitive to that!  Of course, in my hypothetical scenario, it's probably a good thing... as I would not fare well if I had to spend any period of time in the clink!But... for a single guy trying to have a few drinks during a two to three hour game, $9 beers, margaritas, and mixed drinks can add up after you have dished out a handful of cash for a ticket.
5	I love this venue for just about any event.  It has a much more intimate feel than the behemoth US Airways Center.  No matter where you sit in Jobing, you will have a great view.  We've sat down low, and we've sat in the nosebleeds, and the view and the sound are always high quality.  Coyotes games are great here.  They practically make those games into dance parties.  Every break in action they blast a song that I can't help but dance in my seat to.  We usually try to park farther away from the venue so we don't have to pay for parking.  There are tons of restaurants around to catch a drink or food if you don't want to pay the sky high concession prices inside the arena.
4	I went here to see the Coyotes play my home town Chicago Blackhawks. The place was sold out and consisted mostly of Chicagoans. I had no problem high fiving fellow fans after each of the 5 goals that the hawks scored. And of course they won going away that night. I guess it's a sad commentary on society in general when you have to go through a metal detector to go into the stadium. I had excellent seats since they were about 10 rows from the glass at the faceoff circle. I was positioned near the Coyotes net to see most of the Hawk's goals. The lines at the concession places weren't too bad but I'm pretty ticked that the dude as we entered our section wanted to see my tickets. I guess he wanted me to juggle my food and drinks in the air while I fished out my tickets from my pocket. He saw my "Are you kidding me look" and explained that they were sold out. I explained to him that I've gone to plenty of sold out games in Chicago without the attitude from the Stadium staff. How can the management expect fans wanting to pay $10 bucks for parking plus $80 plus dollars per ticket and still wanting to endure the hassle of their staff inside? Management might want to think about that for awhile.Pro tip about going to the game. Don't expect to get any free pizza from their cheerleaders when you're wearing the away team's colors. Getting out of the parking lot was fairly easy as well. Also, thank goodness that cell phone reception is a little inconsistent near the ice so you don't have to listen to people on their phones.
5	Stupid name, great place! This arena is the perfect size for concerts and hockey games. I like it much better than America Worst arena in downtown PHX. Plus, I like it here a lot better than arenas in L.A. and OC suck as Staples Center and Honda place in Anaheim. It's a smaller venue than those others in California, and like I said... It's a great size, not a bad seat on the house. The sound is really good for concerts as well, having seen Van Halen, Ozzy, The Who, and many more shows here.
5	Pretty cool layout of the arena. Parking wasn't too bad, small walking distance. There's a cool bar/restaurant scene right outside the arena. Came here for a ducks v. coyotes hockey game and I wad glad to see so many ducks fans. It's like a 20min car ride on the freeway from Phoenix airport.
3	Hadn't been here in a very long time as the concerts I generally see are at US Airways.  It's more or less the same as US Airways except that it's newer so it's a bit nicer.  I REALLY appreciate the drink holders.  It's so nice to know my precious alcohol is safe.  One thing that was odd is that the concession stand where we ordered our grown-up beverages wasn't stocked with bartenders.  While the gentleman who helped us was very nice, he seemed completely befuddled by any cocktail order.  The line was also extremely long and I'm guessing this was because of the ineptitude of the cocktail-makers.  The acoustics are decent but the taxi stand outside was a mess.  For busy shows, Discount Taxi really ought to have a person organizing the drunk people who are (smartly) getting into cabs.
5	Was here in 2010 when the Colorado Avalanche took on the Coyotes during the WWE WrestleMania 26  weekend and I love this place. There's not a bad seat in the house!When I fist walked in I was like DAMNN! This place is sick! The parking is very easy to find. There are tons of stalls. Pregame music is pumping and it gets you ready to see some great NHL action. The marketing and promotions team does a great job keeping everyone entertained during breaks.No complaints whatsoever. Building looks amazing. Great seats, easy to find parking and had a fun time. A+ from me.
3	They changed the name, but it'll always be Jobing to me.  Saw the Eagles here last week ... Nice venue.  The floor seats were amazing and actually comfortable!  Conveniently located right next to the WestGate  shopping center.  Parking is good if you don't mind paying $15, which seems like a rip for the people who just want to come here and eat or hit the bars.  Maybe the locals have figured out how not to pay? Or maybe the only people here are going to an event?  I digress...  Prices for concessions were through the roof ($12 for a bomber can of beer?!).  The staff was nice enough.  Bathrooms seemed plentiful.
4	Watched the Blues vs Coyotes 10 18 2014 while visiting from Cleveland.  Had center ice near the top rows but the seats were awesome.  Great views. Great sight lines all throughout the arena as we did walk around a bit.  The ushers and staff were very friendly.  Beautiful arena but it appeared less than half capacity for a Saturday night game.  I'm thinking the location is just bad for most residents in the Valley. I hope that changes and the team does not need to move eventually.  Great arena though.
2	Attended the WinterJam 2014 and parked on the East side ground parking for $15. Concert admission was $10.The traffic getting into the parking lot was slower than slow and terrible. That was the better part.The line getting inside was 100 times worst. The doors were to open at 6:00pm with the concert to begin at 7:00pm, but the doors opened at 6:40pm and there were so many people we got into the doors at 7:10pm. Some people waited for 4 hours and we got in the same time. The metal detector made it even slower and I don't know if it really helped with the red light going on with 80% of the people since it probably ocker up the belts, cell phones and keys. Worst process in the world!Other than parking and entering the facility is very nice with good seats and an array of different food vendors. Fix the parking queuing,  parking price gauging of $15 and the entrance fiasco and you may get a couple more stars
2	Doors were supposed to open at 2. They opened two doors at 2:40 and a mad rush ensued. We waited in absolute chaos outside only to finally get in at 3:15. We then had to run to our seats through more crowded chaos only to have to wait again to enter where our seats were. Thinking it was their fault everyone was not there on time we thought for sure the show would be delayed right?  Nope, they started at 3:23. Not nearly everyone was in yet and they turned off the lights. Poor all around. From what I understand this is normal there. We won't be going back.
4	First time here was last week to see the Coyotes hockey game. We had good seats and arrived early. Two pucks flew over the plexiglass during warmup into our section but we didn't get any, bummer. Great game and the arena wasn't as cold as I thought. The body heat helps, it got colder during intermissions when people left. Enjoyable game, bought some candied almonds and nachos, parking was good, security was quick, great overall. Hope to be back.
4	I love this arena. Aside from the fact that I do business with the Coyotes so I'm here regularly, it is a great place for any event. The hockey games are of course fabulous, but the layout of the arena is what really sells the place. No matter what type of event, this is a great venue. All of the seats are good and the suites are well laid out as well.
