5	This is the best place for lunch.  When I would work in Uptown I would go here all the time.  For around $7 you get food made in front of you that is kind of on the healthy side.  I always get the Chicken Hibachi, steamed rice and it comes with a side of cooked cabbage.  Very tasty!!!   Warning - lunch time is crazy there so know what you want when you arrive as the line is long.  Imagine the Soup Nazi from Seinfeld but with Hibachi....edit =  Sorry, let me clairify...who is much nicer, plus Vivian is hot!!! :-)
5	I did a search and didn't see it at first, I have to admit I got a little excited thinking I was going to be the first one to review my favorite lunch place in the world, Tin Tin.The lines can get long during the lunch rush, but it moves fast.Reasons why Tin Tin is awesome:- Great food.  Obviously that should be the #1 reason for going to a restaurant, especially a lunch place.  You're not there for ambiance, your there for some tasty hibachi.  I recommend the combination (steak/shrimp/chicken).  You can customize your order however you like - steamed rice/fried rice, regular/spicy, mushrooms/no mushrooms, veggies/no veggies.  They have never messed it up in the many times I've gone.-Cool seating area.  From the restaurant, you go upstairs to a secluded area to eat.  They have a couple flat screen TVs with ESPN or CNN, gets a little crowded, deal with it.-Awesome manager.  Vivian works the register every day and I'm pretty sure that she has every regular customers' order memorized.  It's actually quite incredible.  It may be a testament to how many times I've been, but if she sees me in line she puts my order in before I even get to the register so I have to wait all of five seconds to get my food after paying.  To the previous reviewer that said Soup Nazi with Hibachi...I don't know what to say.  I've never seen her yell at someone or kick them out of line, and if she recognizes you she usually makes small talk while multitasking on the phone and taking the new persons' order.So really, you have no reason not to go to Tin Tin unless you're lame or have an allergy to hibachi.  And that would make you lame.Edited to add:  They now have brown rice for you healthy people.
5	Still hoping these guys will franchise so that I can vie for their version of Jared. Impressed with almost every item on their menu and the best part is that most of it is actually healthy. Great entrees and I'm especially fond of the soup choices which are priced perfectly. Highly recommend this place and am keeping my fingers crossed that they eventually expand into a full service restaurant.Oh, and I completely agree with the Vivian reviews as well! :)
4	Fantastic food, great service, friendly staff. One of my favorite lunch spots in Charlotte. Try the Spicy Udon Noodle Soup and you will not be disappointed.
5	For the price, location, and ease, this place gets my 5 star vote! Granted I have only visited NYC twice, Tin Tin reminds me of some of the small restaurants you may find there. You order on the main floor and take your food on the second to eat.The service is fast and friendly. We even got complimented and served on their regular dishes (they mostly serve on styrofoam), I guess that is their equivalent to VIP treatment.To find something decent tasting and cheap Uptown is a huge plus in my book. It's not fancy, but it was just what the night called for.
4	Great price, convenient location, awesome soups.  The stir fry is good too, but I prefer the quart sized containers of steaming soup goodness. Chicken, dumpings, shrimp, spicy or not, you choose! Love it for lunch or late night take out when I'm stuck working late.Seems semi healthy too.  Much better than another burger or sandwich elsewhere.Go upstairs and watch CNN during lunch. Or anytime you feel like escaping from your cube.
4	I've just moved back to Charlotte and was so happy to realize that I can go to Tin Tin again! Tin Tin is a wonderful departure from the cookie cutter chains that litter the city. I love their hibachi, make sure to order their special hot sauce (50 c extra). I'm not a big soup guy so haven't tried it.Perfect place to grab a (pretty healthy?) quick lunch as the loooong line of people will attest.
4	Love me some Tin Tin. Best time to go is around 11A or after 2P after that is a line out the door but even so it moves pretty quick. However they are open on Saturdays and there is never a line. There is seating above with a tv  (yay!) or you can sit in the Ivy or take a chance and go outside and get some *ahem* interesting people watching sights in. Nice, enthusiastic cashier, good prices, fast service and large portions-you can't beat it.
5	So let me just say I got here at least once a week so you know I really like this place.  Now the food is very good, but what bumps this up to a 5 star is the price where you can get out of there for about 7 bucks.  I have tried just about everything on the menu and it's all very good.  My personal favorite is the Udon noodle soup, and for hibachi I like the Beek Yaki (Teriyaki).  Also, Vivian is very friendly.  Aside from her obsession with Hello Kitty I couldn't imagine a better person to be the face of this place.  If you are uptown and want a good lunch, check this place out!
4	Tin-tin is a regular stop for me.  This place should be one of two required visits for anyone planning a new lunch spot in uptown (Johnny Burito would be the other).  They do it right.1.) Vivian is the best cashier in the city.  She flies through orders, and she does so in a very friendly fashion.  As has been previously discussed, think of the friendly soup nazi with a "Hello Kitty" ceramic...2.) They keep a fairly limited menu.  Which is a good idea.  Not to mention, it's hibachi.  You shouldn't have that many options.  :-)  You don't want to be bad at many things, you want to stay good at just a few.3.) They get you out the door and back to your office pretty quickly.  Or into a very nice upstairs dining area with 2 TVs in easy to see spots.So, if you're looking for something fast that's not the standard franchise fair uptown, I highly recommend a visit here.
5	*. Fast*. Hibachi.  Mmmm*  watch them grill it while you wait*. Service -  Vivian is great.  Go twice and she'll recognize you * the spicy tofu is delicious* great value
5	I love #2, Rice noodle soup (Spicy).  The Hibachi Steak is also good, try it with the red pepper sauce for something hot and slightly different.   The staff is always friendly.
4	My asian friends tell me the food is not very authentic. But, they are very yummy! The price is unbeatable.
4	Big fan.  Rarely in town enough to get by as regularly as I used to but I stick the soup for lunch.  #1 extra spicy!  The level of spice is all in the technique of the person serving the soup.  My wife loves the hibachi and you can't beat the price.  Quick service.
3	Decent food, fast.  That's about it for this place.Lose a star for the restaurant layout.  It can get hectic in this little closet on Tryon during peak times.  You have to go upstairs to get one of the few tables they offer, and the one soda fountain is tucked in the same corner that everyone stands in to wait for their order...throwin' bows for my Pepsi isn't fun.Also, the main reason you get hibachi is for the fried rice and white sauce (who's with me on this??)!!!!  This place gives a TINYYY little cup o' the spicy mayo, and then charges $0.25 for each additional TINNYY cup.  If complaining about an extra 25 cents makes me a cheapskate, so-be-it.  I just know most express hibachi restaurants have this stuff sitting at your table like maple syrup at IHOP.  It'll run you $.25 again if you want any chili sauce.Inconsistent quantity for the price.  Sometimes I get a big heaping pile of hibachi steak...other times, I get a TON of the steamed cabbage and broccoli (which by the way, is nothing more than a box-filler...adds no flavor whatsoever), and hardly any meat!  Can make the value hard to judge.  All in all, an a-ok spot for a quick meal, but don't expect to have your skirt blown up.
5	Best lunch deal in Charlotte. Vivian is a sweetheart.
2	Get outta here! I took a look at the reviews bc their average was so high and couldn't believe it.  Let's bring it back down to earth a little bit, shall we?I ordered the chicken hibachi and it was a far cry from what chicken hibachi should be...  It made me contemplate the important questions in life:  How much should price factor into yelp* ratings?  Should I be more lenient bc it's a lunch spot while at work?  Answers to come..How much should price factor into yelp* ratings?  Price should factor only into the quality of food, not quantity.  They give more food than you can eat, but the limiting factor is the quality.  Vegetables - they come from the back kitchen where we don't see it getting made.  The vegetables have definitely been overcooked.  If you can pull a discernible texture from each veggie in there, props to you.  Carrots, zuchini, brocolli, bok choi, all tasted the same and had same texture.  I don't even know why it's in there - it hardly plays off the rice/protein.  Perhaps if the veggies still had a little crunch in them and weren't soggy and soaked for hours it would go well. I'm just saying.Chicken/Rice - average but nothing spectacular.  Anytime chicken is cut into small pieces when it could be served in larger pieces, the protein is suspect.  Would I go here again? I don't think so.  Waiting for my food sucks too bc it's so close to the soda fountain.dmo out
4	I'm definitely a fan! I am proud of the fact that Ms. Vivian is a sweet girl & runs this place as a young business owner! You go girl!I miss working downtown & being able to come here for lunch. I love the steak  & shrimp hibachi. Steak is cooked perfectly & with nice-sized mushrooms. Hope you come hungry...you get a lot of food.  Now, I don't really care for the cabbage, so normally I would ask to leave that off.  The shrimp sauce has a good taste to it & isn't too "soupy" like some places.To echo Greg G., yes, seating is an issue, as you have some tables & sake bar seating upstairs.  However, a lot of the uptown workers would take their lunch to go anyways.  Quick & friendly service, even with the long lines at lunch.
2	Hmmmmm I think I'm missing something here.  I was looking around Uptown for a quick meal since I was still feeling the effects of jetlag and ended up at Tin Tin Box.  I've noticed that many of the Asian/Japanese spots around Uptown offer "hibachi" type meals.  You rarely see that term in CA so I was definitely curious.  Found Tin Tin Box on Yelp and decided to try the Hibachi Combination.The Combination comes with chicken, beef, and shrimp cooked on a hot flat top with mushrooms and their sauce, which is most likely some sort of seasoned soy sauce.  You get to choose from rice, fried rice, and even brown rice, which is nice for the people looking to eat more healthy.  I went for the fried rice and then went upstairs to their dining floor.The chicken and beef looked precooked when the cook brought it out , and the only thing that really needed to be cooked was the shrimp.  I was really disappointed with the shrimp, since it had such a fishy taste to it, probably from being thawed out.  The chicken was probably the best, since it did soak up the sauce fairly well.  The beef was just diced up cubes of pieces.  It's all made better by their dipping sauce though.  Some sort of mayo-based sauce, it's sweet, almost like a milder version of thousand island!  However, I could only eat so much of the sauce before I felt it was too greasy. Now... it is fast foodish so I didn't expect them to make the fried rice on the spot or anything, but I was really disappointed when the fried rice was just lukewarm.For a quick lunch, this place might be okay since this place would have your food out really fast.  Panda Express might be a better. Probably should've gone to the other Japanese spots around the corner from my hotel to check out "Hibachi" though!
4	I was hesitant to try this place, but now I'm hooked!  If you love going to the Japanese Hibachi joints, you'll love the food here.  Same quality, a fraction of the time, and no cheesy grill chef jokes!  I've probably eaten lunch here 5 times (to go), and each time has been great.  Fried rice is good, Chicken and Steak (combination hibachi) are cooked just right, still juicy, with the right amount of seasoning.  Shrimp sauce is right on, and the veggies I normally skip, so I can't speak one way or the other.  During the lunch rush, they slam out orders quickly and efficiently, so don't be afraid if you see a line...there's a line for a resason!
5	What is the tell tale sign of a good restaurant? When all of the cooks are hispanic. Now I'm not trying to be offensive or anything so my apologies. It's just from my experience, all of the great Asian restaurants back home on Ca had hispanic cooks! For $6 and some change, you can get some great noodles. Fulfilling toppings and a great broth in which I usually slurp down like a 24oz Fat Tire. #1 comes with dumplings, shrimp and chicken. Now I'm not one to complain, but the chicken is always kinda stale and dry. You do get a lot though!Service is always friendly, fast and accurate. Not only are they cheap, but the rice dishes can even be accompanied with a medley of veggies. Not that pick one veggie and sweet carrot business!
2	I never understood the hype or the lines out of the door for this place. The food is very mediocre and the place smells. It's small and cramped. Staff is friendly enough though.Your pal,Walter
4	Outside it looks much bigger than it actually is, but Tin Tin Box & Noodles is actually quite delicious despite its small scale and cheap dishes.  My friend and I were driving by and exclaimed, "mmmm noodles!"  We both love Asian dishes and noodle dishes so we walked about 4 blocks or 5 blocks in the cool winds to get some.  I ordered the Canton Soup and he had the Pho Soup.  Mine was canton noodles with chicken, dumplings, and shrimp.  I requested medium spice.  His was rice noodles, chicken, and shrimp.  He had regular spice!  Served in giant plastic containers, this was definitely a huge serving for that $6!  Very good broth too.  We ate at the small tables upstairs which allow you to overlook the street and take in all the towering office buildings of uptown.  A spot I'd definitely hit up if I needed a quick business lunch for sure, but also good for a wandering tourist.
5	A smaller version of the big one in Ballentyne, TinTin rocks the pho to-go in a frenzy of steam, flying noodles and hungry lunch go-ers. TinTin will not disappoint.
2	Meh.
4	Excellent place to grab pho or some hibachi for lunch. Gets very busy around lunch, so either get there before or after lunch hour or plan on waiting in line.Tip - if you're ordering hibachi and want to spice it up, let them know when you order and they can add spice on the grill. Much better than adding the red sauce after.
3	Big fan of the pho. Not so much of the hibachi. Nothing wrong with it, I just don't like hibachi very much. Mad busy, but quick service during lunch.
4	Delicious foodEverything on the menu is a must try4/5 because I don't like reeking of my food after I eat it. The second I go back to my office, everyone knows what I ate for lunch
4	I used to eat here all the time when I worked in the building. My go to was always the Combination Hibachi and the Canton Noodle Soup, extra spicy. Overall, the people that work there are pretty nice.....it's usually the same faces working there. They sure can move a crowd fast during the hectic lunch hours. Kinda miss it now that I don't work in the building anymore......sigh
4	A nice grab and go/ eat in place for lunch here in Uptown Charlotte. There's usually a line during lunch hours, but they do get you out quickly. When you walk in, it would seem as though there is not dining area, but there's actually seating upstairs. I have tried both their Canton noodle soup and a steak and shrimp hasaki grill. The noodle soup was average for me, it tasted a bit too salty, but it's nice to have egg noodle soup for a change. The steak and shrimp hasaki had very nice seasoning and it came with vegetables and mushrooms. In my opinion, the ingredients are not as good as Hakaki Grill's on South Church Street, but the seasonings are better.
3	I work Uptown, so I have eaten here several times. Tin Tin is reasonably priced and convenient for a quick lunch. Most of the food, however, has a fast-food mall food court type feel. The Pho and Canton Noodle soups are plentiful and satisfying!
5	You can't beat the price!  We paid $20 for two entrees and two appetizers DELIVERED.  I got grilled tofu and veggies with edamame - The tofu is cooked perfectly! I didn't care for half of the vegetables, but that's normal for me when eating hibachi.  The edamame portion was generous and was not oversalted either.  The boyfriend got chicken fried rice and a salad - all of which he finished entirely - so I'm assuming it was delicious!
5	Stopped by today for some take-out around dinner time. I was really happy with the chicken hibachi w/ steamed white rice. I have absolutely no idea what's in the sauce they put on the side, but I'm pretty sure it's what they serve in heaven. Next time I'm getting an extra helping of it.
3	This place has a very decent quick, cheap, full white to go box of pretty good hibachi japanese food. The price is great for what you are getting and they are very quick to get you in and out. The very quick part is probably why they are only getting three stars... I went during lunch and was in a long line and my food was definitely not fully cooked through. While it was definitely cooked enough, and this is the only time this has ever happened, it did not stop me from going back to give them another chance and I have yet to be disappointed. If you are uptown, definitely worth checking out.
5	Tin Tin!!!!!When I lived in Charlotte and worked across the street... man I used to L.O.V.E. Tin Tin. Beware though, you might be in a food coma afterwards so maybe just go on a Friday when work is slow. LOL.I was in town on business and made it a point to stop in for lunch. 5 years later I'm still in love. The extra spicy combo with steak, chicken and shrimp with that special sauce on the side (not even sure what it is exactly) is delicious! That lunch might have made my trip back to Charlotte worth while. I would even consider opening up a franchise in Chicago if that was even possible. I'm just saying. It's quick, cheap and yummy!
5	Figured I had to give my first Yelp review for a place I might not have tried except for Yelp.This place is great. Doesn't look like much because it is small and not much more than the long grill but they have great food at a great price.  Pretty simple menu but if you like hibachi chicken, steak or shrimp you must try it.  I came for dinner but I can see why this place is popular for lunch.
3	Nothing swanky about this place. This is where you come to get your cheap grub on. I was looking for a Japanese restaurant and this location came up...........ooookaaay. Not a real Japanese restaurant, but a place to get like Japanese food. I hope you understood that!? I'm no big expert on the subject, but what I will say, it's not bad for the price and the area. Not what I was expecting, basically fast food like Japanese food, if that is what it is. (shrug shoulders) Could I find myself saying, I want to come back........probably not, but that's me.
3	Tasty and quick asian lunch spot in downtown charlotte. Nothing amazing, but freshly grilled in front of you as you wait.
3	Tin Tin has been on my list of lunch spots for a while.  However, every time I walk buy the line is so crowded and the smell of grease and smoke from the hibachi line is surrounding the people as they wait for their meals.  So, today I broke down.  I arrived around 1:00 and the line was definitely not what I had seen before.  I ordered the #2, glass noodles with chicken, shrimp and wontons in a broth, medium.  They allow you to choose, light, medium, or spicy...So, being my 1st time I went with medium heat. Spicy next time. The soup was decent, broth pretty bland, chicken and shrimp good, but the wontons were pure dough with a little meat inside, somewhat disappointing.  And, for $8.25 for a bowl of soup, high in my mind.Overall I have definitely had noodle bowls better elsewhere and am not loving the fact that my sweater seems to be lingering Tin Tin right now.
2	I don't understand all the good reviews here. The hibachi here is like avg mall food court quality. I guess if you want quantity over taste, this place does ok then.
2	I have never been to a Restaurant serving tiny popcorn shrimp for their hibachi shrimp. I order hibachi shrimp for dinner and was extremely disappointed. The shrimp were tiny popcorn shrimp and very salty. My salad greens were browning. Beware.
5	good food !!! I tried combination hibachi and it was absolutely delicious.  I'm in Charlotte only for a week and I'm gonna come again.
4	A simple to go place in the uptown area.  Walk in, order your dish, pick it up at the end of the counter.We all enjoyed the hibachi steak and I tried the dumplings and noodles which were tasty.
4	Great quick, cheap & easy option uptown for lunch.  Hibachi chicken over white rice was more than filling for lunch @ $7 & pretty tasty too.
2	Maybe the fact that I am Asian and have been spoiled with good AUTHENTIC asian food back where I'm from (Boston), but this place sucks. The food is just off, with the wrong flavors and seasoning!!!Vietnamese summer rolls- Holy moly. Can I say it's STUFFED with lettuce/cabbage with maybe 3 THIN slices of shrimp? I can't remember if there were noodles but if there were, it was probably stuffed along with the lettuce as a filler. That's not how a summer roll supposed to be!! It's all about balance. Also, the dipping sauce is literally Hoison sauce from the can. This is INCORRECT! The "real" way has to be simmered with a little bit of water to dilute and add in a tbsp of peanut butter!Hibachi- The flavor/seasoning tastes like straight up soy sauce. I just moved down here so unsure if you guys have Sarku Japan (yes, the food court spot in the malls) but Sarku Japan has more of the right flavors than this... it's supposed to be teriyaki, not soy sauce! Salty yet a sweet glaze. This was just straight up soy sauce like the kind you would dip your sushi with. NO!Pho- Don't even get me started; There is NOTHING "pho-like" about this. Shrimp? There's no shrimp in pho, ever. And the broth? The broth is wonton soup broth, NOT a beef-based broth. If you want some-what authentic pho in Uptown, walk down a little further to Brevard Court and try Pho Plus because this place isn't cutting it.The only thing I would get here is the won ton soup, albeit it's not great but decent enough.
4	Came here yesterday for lunch. Cheap and quick are the two best words to describe this place!I got the Combination Hibachi which came with chicken, steak, shrimp, veggies, and alot of rice (kinda wish I ate less rice cause I was totally in a food coma for the rest of the day). It was all about $7.50. Good tasting hibachi. Not a fan of the white sauce so i subbed ginger sauce and it was great! Went aroud 11:45 and there were only a few people in line. However, the line went real fast and I was in and out in under 10 minutes.
5	Excellent service and large portions, also great ingredients for a fast hibachi spot!
5	My new hibachi to-go spot. It's fast and great prices. Way better than the spot in epicenter which is over prices. Employees are friendly and nice. Definitely will be back. I order the chicken and shrimp with fried rice hibachi... With two white sauces might get a 3 rd sauce next time but it was good. Seasoned and fresh ingredients. Vegetables were yummy. ~$8
3	It's right downstairs from where I work but it's been forever since my last stop at this place. So, I stopped to get lunch there yesterday and now I recall why I don't stop by very often. My hibachi shrimp dish was bland, the shrimps were very tough instead of tender, the rice (I subbed for brown rice) was barely sprinkled with sauce - that greatly contributed to the bland factor, and the veggie helping was pretty paltry. It was bot very greasy, and that I appreciated. For around $8.50 it was a fair amount of food, but meh. Meeeeh... Do I feel like giving them another try? Not really. Maybe I'll give their soup a try. Very maybe.
5	No words to describe how amazing the food here is..my favt has been the number 3.chicken and rice with the extra sauce.Highly recommend this place to all
5	LOVE this place... I have only tried the beef canton noodle soup.... A hundred times... I keep saying I will try something else but everytime the server says "can I take your order,please" some how "spicy beef canton noodle soup" is all that ever comes out... I think it is a religious experience.. But then again, how would I know... I just know I will be back... And maybe try something new
4	I'm giving it 3.5 stars as you get good bang for your buck. For almost $8 bucks, I got the combination hibachi with brown rice.  The side veggies were a little over cooked but the stir fried meats with mushrooms had very good flavor.  You an also buy this thousand island type of sauce which made the dish unique and more flavorful.  I would recommend you to try it.  I don't know the exact name but it's a pink colored condiment.
