5	The most relaxing massage and spa services you can ever have! We stumbled upon Sahra spa when we stayed at the Cosmopolitan for new year's 2011. This place is open to hotel and non-hotel guests. When you visit the spa, you will be greeted with warm, knowledgeable, welcoming and friendly staff. Not to mention this is one of the most beautiful spa facility we've ever been to. They provide a variety of services, from massage to salon and nail services. In addition to your scheduled services, you can come an hour early to enjoy their jacuzzi, steam room, fitness center with free juices/water and snacks. They also have a large shower room with shampoo/shower gel provided. Upon checking in, you also get a free locker to store your belongings and change into the most comfortable and luxurious robe and slippers. For a more private and relaxing service to rejuvenate yourself from all stress, you can embark into your own romantic massage by reserving one of their private spa suites. You get alone time for yourself and/or your partner in the steam room, and a deep soaking tub.For the most unforgettable experience, we were checked into the Sahara suite which is the most amazing room ever. There's a living and entertaining area with view overlooking the Bellagio fountain and Las Vegas strip. There's a flat screen tv with dvd where you can sit and enjoy yourselves in their plush and comfortable sofas. There's also a private steam room, two side by side soaking tubs with a large shower and changing area. All shampoos/shower gels, lotions, etc are provided. This suite is the most relaxing experience we've ever had. This spa is a must to visit if you ever visit Vegas or if you need to relax/rejuvenate after a long night of partying on the strip. We will definitely come back to this place when we visit Vegas again! (even though if we might not end up staying at the Cosmopolitan)p.s:  Jessica at the front will be able to assist/recommend you with any services that will cater to your needs. Ask for Marcy if you want a good firm massage or Terry for softer massage. We would like to thank Mitch, Jessica, Simon and the masseuse for the most amazing and wonderful experience.
3	I am neither blessed or cursed with wealth.  My relationship with the finer things in life is one that either just happens because of the uniqueness of my job (being a magician has its advantages) or results from the shortcuts I happen to know.  The membership to the "ladies who spa" club is one that belongs to the latter category.  I don't go to Vegas spa to receive the various world-class treatments that are equally world-class in price.  I get a day pass with my best girlfriends and use the facility.  We get to enjoy a dose of indulgence without really burning a wallet hole for it.  Vegas is the perfect place to do this, with its abundance in high end spas that even allow day passes.I've been to my share of interesting amenities that spa facilities offer in Vegas: Aria has hot stone beds and a shio salt room, Encore has waterfall showers and silk-lined robes, Venetian has a tropical rainshower experience.  It's difficult for me to get impressed, which is why I was not, at the Sahra Spa in Cosmopolitan, which means Sahra should probably get four stars in most standards, but not when you compare to the rest of Vegas.The staff is very nice and attentive.  The entrance with the high fountain is distinctive.  The gym is well-equipped and divided into manageable sections.  But it's relatively small overall; there aren't any features that really separate Sahra from the rest.  It's a nice enough place to spend the day.  The tea selection is nice.  The granola is nice.  The cool mist room is nice.  Next time when I'm looking for special instead of nice, I may try spending money on a treatment, which is 20 percent off for locals on weekdays.  If it's more than nice, I'll write a review update.
5	Upon entering, you're greeted with a warm welcome with one of the staff members (if it's your first time she'll show you around and lead you to where you're supposed to go) After you enter your side of the spa you're once again greeted by another staff member (also, if it's your first time she'll take you on a tour around the spa and show you how the lockers work)Amazing.... that just sums it all up. The steam room, the dry spa, the cold mist room, the pool very... VERY relaxing and calming... I really didn't want to leave and just knock out in there for 2 or 3 hours... lol ): - i wish we got there sooner so we didn't only have 1 hr to kill here.I'll be back for sure!! :D this time ill come with my girls to get our pamper on before or after we run havoc around vegas (:
4	This was quite possibly the best mani and pedi I've had in Vegas (or anywhere ever). It was almost magical.The spa and salon are located on the 14th floor. Use the elevators right by the lobby. When you walk in, it looks like a store more than a salon or spa.After checking in for my aroma mani and pedi, I was given an iPad with a special app. It led me through a series of questions, which were used to determine my own special and unique oil blend for the aromatherapy aspect. I thought that was quite neat.My nail specialist was incredible. Super friendly and nice. And as she led me back to the nail area, she gave me a tour of the salon and told me about all of their offerings. She didn't try to sell me on anything - it was a great informational tour, which I really appreciated.The pedicure chairs were pure bliss. Hands-down the best massage chairs in Vegas. It was just the right amount of pressure and stuff going on. It felt divine. I could've sat in that chair all day.And the massage of my feet, legs, hands, and arms was the best I've ever experienced. I also liked the fact that their water wasn't just a small bottle of water (like you get just about everywhere else), but an actual glass of cucumber and lime water. And my nail specialist filled me in on all of the spa amenities and let me know that I had free use of the spa for the rest of the day (while this is typical, it was not mentioned when I booked the appointment).After finishing up my mani and pedi, she personally led me into the spa area and gave me a tour. Overall, she did a really fantastic job and was just great.The spa itself was a bit underwhelming. It was very nicely done and the staff were great. But I was just expecting more. It was on the small side. All in the same main room were a decent-sized pool with "monsoon" rain shower, steam room, cool mist room, and sauna. I liked that they had a cool mist room - that's not something I've seen before.They also had the standard shower area, locker area, and "get ready" area. I was impressed with the "get ready" area in terms of the quality of products they had. Far too many of the high-end spas have had Aqua Net and Suave. But here, it was ceramic ion dryers, salon brand hairsprays, etc. But they also didn't have razors, toothbrushes, etc. like I've seen at other spas.The downsides were the slow and mumbling receptionist, the small spa with few amenities, and that they forgot to give me the locals discount (though, they did correct it later). But the mani and pedi were amazing. And I did appreciate that they do 20% off for locals (when they remember).
3	4.5 stars for services, amenities, etc.2 stars for customer serviceAnd when you're a spa (and all you do is provide services), can you really afford to have less than stellar people interfacing with your customers? Methinks not.My first impression of this spa was very, very bad. My friends and I decided to make appointments here day-of, knowing that it could be tricky. I called, and was pleasantly surprised when they could fit us in for 2 massages at 3:00, and a facial at 2:00. I hung up the phone, quite happy, but after a brief discussion, my friend who was doing the facial decided she'd rather do a different service at 3:00, so I called back to see what was available. THAT'S when I found out what the first girl failed to tell me: you have to cancel your appointments at least 4 hours in advance. Considering the fact that I didn't make my reservations until 2 hours in advance, I was shocked that I hadn't been informed of this up-front. I did my very best to explain that NO ONE HAD TOLD ME THIS, but the guy on the phone took a robot-like approach of repeating, "I'm sorry, I cannot change or move your reservation," and told me they'd charge me a fee if I cancelled (as if I hadn't JUST made this reservation 10 minutes ago and was costing them business). He said it at least 5 times, after each of my (increasingly frustrated) objections, until finally I asked to speak to his supervisor. After no less than 10 minutes of hold music, he comes back on, and sweetly tells me that they've moved the facial to 3:00. Huh?Why couldn't they have just scheduled the facial at 3:00 to begin with (they originally quoted me times of 2:00 and 4:00)? I think it's very sad that apparently management has not empowered their associates to handle their customers in a more efficient and professional manner. Very sad. However, I DID get my way in the end (after some mild tension and panic), and once we arrived at the spa, we enjoyed ourselves thoroughly. The amenities were lovely (albeit not extensive), and my Swedish massage was wonderful...one of the better I've had in Vegas, for sure. They were perfectly nice once we got there, so I'm not sure what the disconnect is between the people that answer the phone and the individuals that actually work at the spa, but they need to figure it out. And fast, before they seriously begin losing business.
5	We just arrived at the Cosmo for our birthday weekend (my twin and I). It was 9:30 AM and quite early, so we had already arranged our spa appointment and got started right away.We first had manicures, which were amazing. We got the new Shellac manicure, and it is 1 week later and still flawless on my fingers. Susie was amazing, and what a wonderful person to catch up with.We then did the jacuzzi/pool (very nice and warm, with a waterfall inside), and alternated with the steam room, cold mist, and sauna, and had such a cleansing time.We then had a Shellac Pedicure (with Susie again!), and they did such a great job with scrubbing and smoothing. They even gave a yummy glass of Champagne with it...After ward, we got ready, and went straight to our room ***6 hours later!!!!****We didn't even realize the time, it was so superb and great.I can't wait to go back very soon for a weekend get-away!
4	Came in for a pedicure... a great way to have use of the spa but not pay crazy money ... Jennifer was a sweetheart and made my toes look fab!
5	I find myself bent in strange positions      - v__o              o''''''/\ and "rubbed" by a Chubby ethnic man.Yet I somehow loved it all the same.It was heaven for about 2 hours. I was zonked and tired and wanted to faintEven the Pokemon-center couldn't wake me up
5	I stayed at the Cosmo during a weekend get away for Valentines Day. The thoughtful boyfriend let me spend a few hours at the spa while he won a few on the black jack tables.  We made the reservations via the television in our room and I requested a female masseuse. Considering it is now May, I don't recall what I got but I'm sure I got something to ease the pain that I suffer from my back.. maybe a deep tissue or Swedish? Entering the facility, I absolutely LOVED it. I usually go to a Spa in Hollywood and I just could not believe how much better this place looked! Showing me around I was amazed by the pool area and the nice waterfall=like effect they had. In the waiting room there was magazines, fruit water, nuts, and magazines for entertainment.Upon going up to the massage rooms, I realized the guy showing me around was actually my masseuse. II wasn't mad though but he was going to be my first male masseuse. I was extremely happy that Cosmo had made the mistake. He applied the perfect pressure and massaged my problems area amazingly. He was so kind and told me about his past celebrity clients. Whenever I return to Sin City I will definitely stop by here and get a massage by Mickey! I would recommend him to anyone.Additionally, I would like to state that the staff is extremely nice and helpful. They pointed me in the right directions, gave me what I needed, and informed me on everything.
4	A full luxury spa experience from beginning to end created by the gracious, attentive and extremely helpful staff, located in the Cosmo, Vegas. One of my g/fs treated us four to Swedish Massages. It felt as good as any Swedish massage did, but we were blessed with some gorgeous male masseuses! What's more:- Full all-day access to the fitness facility (normally, $15)- Private pool and steams- Showers, change / dressing rooms (fully stocked w/ quality products to use) - Complimentary snacks, fruit, tea and naturally sweetened water- 18% Gratuity includedIt felt like the experience was made to be a pretentious one. I didn't like how the staff felt like they needed to say 'sorry' so often for the smallest things, but I guess that's just how these place work sometimes.
5	I am no spa connoisseur, though I do consider myself deserving of a damn good facial and massage. Which, as a birthday present for myself, booked a facial and upper body massage for me whilst staying at the Cosmopolitan last weekend.Boyfriend and I got the spa suite (+$50) that allowed us to relax and unwind in the midst of the chaos (yes, complete chaos) of the hotel, let alone the city.  After coming to Vegas a couple times a year, I've found that though clubbing & drinking is good, 'me' time is so much better! That's another story.So, we were brought to the separate women's/men's sides, respectively.  Told to undress and change into the most comfiest robe.  I was given a tour of the spa (including jacuzzi, sauna, mist and steam rooms, vanity room, and the lounge area with teas and snacks.  I then was called by the esthetician to the back, where I met with Jay and his esthetician as well.  We were brought to the spa suite upstairs, which had a separate lounge area with tv, showers, restroom, vanity area and steam room.I got the CORluminous facial... well worth the $155! For Jay I ordered the Elemental HIM $145.  LOVED IT! I didn't realize how much I needed a relaxing getaway, even if it only was for an hour.  After the facials, we were given massages and then the techs left for us to relax in the spa suite for 45 minutes.  The shower in that suite was the most amazing shower I've ever taken! Water came from all sides of the wall, and the top like a rainfall.  We also turned on the steam in the room to make it extra relaxing.  SO WORTH IT.  I think I'm on the way to successfully changing my boyfriend's mind about spas. Wish me luck. :)HEAVEN! So worth it.
5	Beautiful, simplistic and modern.  This spa doesn't have over the top tacky decor, it is decorated with clean lines and neutral colors.  As soon as you arrive they whisk you off to change out of your clothing and into a plush terry robe and massage sandals.  Don't worry, you can store your belongings in a large electronic locker.  The spa is divided into a ladies or men's only section and clothing optional, so if you feel like swimming in the gigantic hot tub naked, you can! This is Vegas after all.  While waiting for service there is a room with snacks and tea/water with large chairs and couches while you wait.  After service there is a large steam room along with a sauna to prolong the experience.  Close to the lockers resides a vanity area where you can shower and change.The massage I had by Bernard was pure bliss and he even did yoga stretching to help with my aching muscles.  The massage tables are heated and electronic, so they can move your body to make you as comfortable as possible.  Bernard was nice enough to show me the Turkish hammam, which is a large room with a 200 sq ft raised heated stone in the middle.  If you book service in this room they will do your massage while you are on the heated stone.  The room also has dual private bath tubs and a steaming area.  It looked absolutely amazing.  They even keep the room a certain temp that promotes circulation.   Since it is Vegas, get ready to drop some cash for services.  I don't know how much it is for a pass to just use the facilities, but that seems like a good way to go if you don't want to splurge on a treatment.
5	One of my favorite things about Vegas are it's amazing Spa's. I have been to all of them, and this one definitely stands out. It's very clean, peaceful, and accommodating. On my last visit I scheduled a mani/pedi and a massage. Their mani/pedi lasted me over two weeks. That alone sold me. Their staff was so wonderful I cant even begin to explain to you. The previous night I did the Vegas thing, so the day of my appointment I was slightly hung over and not so hot. They brought me a pitcher of water, snacks and a robe when I got cold. They really went above and beyond for me. After my mani/pedi I had my massage. Unfortunately my massage was interrupted by a family emergency. I was in the massage for less than 14 minutes, but it was a great massage while it lasted.
4	This review is purely on the spa facilities, as I did a day pass and did not get a service.  Fully enjoyed the spa.  Great sauna, jacuzzi, cool mist shower and steam room.  There is a wet and dry lounging area.  They have teas, lemon water and snacks (pretzels and cheese crisps) along with fruit.The grooming area leaves a little to be desired - not a lot of styling products and sparse brush selection. But overall a good experience.The fee for one day is $28 and a 3 day pass is $75.
5	Yup  - I could have spent all day here.  I almsot did.  The ambiance was gorgeous.  The decor made you feel like you were in some cool and misty caverns.  Granted the massage was expensive, but when you factor in the use of the facilities, it was well worth it.  The massage itself was okay.  I could have used a better work out and tried to indicate that to my massage therapist but either she didn"t get the message or she didn"t know how to address those particular aches and pains.I did spend a lovely time in the spa facilities, lounging in and around the massive hot tub with warm rain in the center.  Of course I also tried the dry sauna and cool mist room.  The preparation areas were fully stocked so I was able to get ready for a reception that evening using all the great hair products.  The treatment also provided access to the fitness facilities which were quite nice and the gentleman at the front desk was very approachable and friendly.  I'm not much of a gambler but I would definitely come back to Vegas just to visit this spa.
3	While the place was gorgeous and the service was excellent (great internal communication), the technicians were sub-par. Overall it was a relatively pleasant experience, but not for the price.
5	Perhaps the most sensual and nurturing spa service ever- we got the  Hammam for two -worth every penny!!
5	Best massage of my life...that's right, I said it...BEST!!!!Decided to have a spa treatment last minute while waiting for our room to be cleaned. They were very friendly and accommodating of my friend and I. The facility is great. Very calming and relaxing. You get to enjoy the great amenities such as the sauna, steam room, cool mist room and showers.  I loved the fact that they had great toiletries you could take advantage of :)I decided to get the 50 minute Essential Massage.  I told my masseuse how I wanted it and boy was she on the money. She gave it to me exactly like I like it :)  Before I knew it, I was calling the cows home with how much and loudly I was snoring. Job well do!!!Pricey though but you get what you pay for and tip is included so that is one less added piece of stress!
4	The facilities are really beautiful and calm.  You really do feel tucked away from the chaos of Vegas.  The day I went, I was the only customer in the waiting area and in any other room.  There is a beautiful large jetted pool, a comfy waiting area and a top notch room for getting yourself together after your treatments.he massage was average.  Definitely not as good as some I have had at The Hotel, Palms or even The Hard Rock.  Not deep tissue enough and the routine was erratic rather than balanced.  I am really picky about a service that usually runs $200+ in Las Vegas.  Plus, I look so forward to my massage.  It is a true let down when it falls short. :(I would go back, but try a new person for massage.  Seems that everything is a gamble in Vegas.
5	One of the nicest spas in Vegas....Ok I've only been to three spas here in sin city, but this was probably the nicest.  Something different they have is their customized aromatherapy oil you can have "made" that the therapist will use on you.  You fill out this questionnaire on their Ipad and your answers will I guess calculate to an oil that fits your personality.  Gimmicky yes, but never had that done before (and I go to a lot of spas) and thought that was cool ;-)  I'm not sure if this goes with every treatment but ask about it if you're interested, I just had a regular swedish massage.Atmosphere:  Really calming, I felt like i was in this tranquil grotto somewhere with its cavelike walls and waterfalls.  You feel like you're in some spa in AZ rather than in LV.  The facility still looks new and clean.Amenities:Large jetted pool, sauna, steam room, cool mist room, showers, and grooming/changing areas.  The big tub with the "rain" in the middle was cool.  I would have liked more toiletries in the grooming area though, they were lacking with the hair products, etc.  In addition to the ladies lounges, they also have a co-ed one upstairs.  So if you go with your man like I did, make sure you tell your therapist so they can point you to the lounge to relax with him.   The two lounges and one upstairs were a decent size,  seemed kinda bright since I like my lounges dim but it was fine.   Loved that in addition to teas and water, they also have snacks like pretzels, apples, and cheese crisps.   Massage:I really enjoyed my swedish massage.  My therapist did everything I asked for and I loved the warm towels on my feet.   She def. knew what she was doing and I felt very relaxed after.  Her name was Marcy so I recommend her if you go.  The treatment room was nice and quiet, didn't hear any background noises like some spas.   Also, it was dim, thank you!  I hate it when I get a massage in one of those bright ass rooms.  It's like getting a rub down in the spotlight.   Don't remember how much the massage was since my man paid but since it's Vegas I'm thinking the total came close to 200.I def. need to come back here for a scrub and bath in their Hammam!  More toiletries in the grooming area please :-)
5	Awesome, calm spa retreat from the insanity of Vegas.  The space is very grand yet uses natural materials like stone and wood to create an organic experience.  Spa facilities were very spacious and didn't feel overcrowded like you were part of a herd.  Women's spa had a large jacuzzi with waterfall feature, steamroom, sauna, and misting room where you can stand and be lightly sprayed w/ a cool mist.  I'm an experienced spa-goer and have never seen this feature, and it was a perfect ending to cool off after all the heated treatments.  The massage room was very spacious, the therapist was very knowledgeable and applied the proper pressure, and Sahra gets huge points for selecting a nicer upbeat yet mellow chill loungy playlist instead of the boring reeds or harp music that other spas choose.
4	This spa was great. The "wet area" leaves a little bit to be desired (heated chaise lounge chairs, snacks in the waiting area), but overall it was very nice. The area is kept neutral and you feel like you're walking into a desert health cave. The refreshing cool mist shower was a nice touch and I liked the layout. My massage was with Bernard who was absolutely amazing. He took his time and made sure to get rid of as many of my knots as possible. It wasn't comfortable, but it wasn't supposed to be. I wanted him to kick my booty and he did. I can't recommend his services highly enough. I'll definitely be back on my next trip to Sin City!
5	Fantastic spa for men.  Cool, beautiful and great service.  Great facilities with steams, mist, pool and relaxing area.  Had a bath service which was  perfect after a huge Vegas night before.  Attendant and therapist knowledgable and professional.  Would go back again.
5	I was here a few days before Christmas, so it was completely empty.  I walked into the gym and couldn't believe the boxing ring in the center of the room.  Since the gym was empty, I walked in there and boxed the air for a few seconds.    The spa has everything a guy needs:  flat screens and free almonds.  It also had all the other stuff like the aroma/hydro/jetted/organic/zen-like blah blah blah.  I'm not into that stuff, but the place was real fancy.
4	Very nice spa. I came here to use the facilities and everything is clean and spotless. The employees are all very nice and helpful...Needless to say, I came out extremely relaxed and refreshed :)
4	I took advantage of this first day back from a loooong weekend away with my in-laws in a place with no cell reception to get a relaxing 80 minute spa ritual pedicure at Violet Hour salon.  When I came in, I was 45 minutes early and had no idea I would be able to use the spa facilities too!I got comfy in my robe and got a quick tour.  Because I was unprepared for this trip, I guess I am lucky it is clothing optional! (women have our own space, fear not!) - it was definitely quiet in the morning.  I took a dip in the large jacuzzi and checked out the cool mist room.  Very nice, but not as cool as qua's snowy soapflakes.  I took a quick shower and went to the vanity area.  There were not as many products as I expected and the lone lotion bottle was empty.  My technician popped in early so I was able to get started before my appointment.Jennifer is awesome - I highly recommend her.  She told me about the 3 types of pedicures I could choose from, so I chose the moisturizing and exfoliating.  After a soak, I got scrubbed with an exfoliating scrub and painted with a moisturizing masque on my legs and feet, which were covered by hot towels.  The massage chair kept me relaxed throughout.  I picked a beautiful copper color polish (my favorite)!Jennifer and I had a lot to talk about - we both are foodies.  We chatted a lot and I got hungrier as I prepared for my first visit to Estiatorio Milos and the famous 3 course lunch deal.  In the end, I sat for 20 minutes to dry my feet and got to keep the toe separator thingies.  This was definitely a nice treat.I had a slight issue with check-out - I was overcharged and noticed once my credit card was run.  I got the difference put back on the card immediately, but not without a little persistence on my end.  However, everyone was pleasant on staff that I encountered.
2	What a complete let-down!  The spa was overcrowded (i.e. there wasn't a place to sit  in either of the relaxation rooms following my treatment, and there were at least 10 people in the jacuzzi at the time, chatting it up about the Kardashians, which takes a bit away from the 'relaxation' element.)  There was a woman who forgot her locker combo, and proceeded to try to unlock every single one of the lockers, while the spa's staff stood around gossiping and watched her.  The two "clean" showers had used razors in them and half-filled shampoo bottles.  My treatment was good, but the overall spa experience wasn't.  For the money, you are better off going to Canyon Ranch at Venetian (awesome), the spa at Bellagio, or even the spa at Mandalay Bay.
3	I am on a mission to experience every spa in Las Vegas. I must say Yelp let me down a little this time. No way does it deserve an overall rating of 4.5 ! Has nobody been to any of the other spas on the strip?Making the appointment over the phone: the individual was nice. I made 2 appointments for my friend and I. She indicated I would get the "locals" discount. Yay!Spa check-in: I was told the " locals " discount is NOT honored on weekends. But she honored it anyways. Smart girl, nice recovery!Wet area: Very small area with a huge hot tub, steam, sauna. Nothing special. ONLY 4 CHAISE LOUNGES by the hot tub!!!!! Waiting area: Snacks include water, tea, apples and bananas. Seriously! My stomach is growling can I get some nuts or dried fruit or something? Bathroom/ vanity area: nothing to offer here besides a curling iron that lost its spring and some tissue. 4 areas to fight over, no hairspray, deodorant, lotion, combs, etc. But there is mouthwash by the sink. Services: I had a massage, my friend had a facial. Both were fine. Rooms were nice and clean. Sheets were heavenly. When I find an awesome spa, I tend to return and bring my friends. Sahra is just not that type of spa. Sadly I won't go back and I won't refer this one to others either. For being the newest spa on the strip, this was a huge disappointment, there are better ones out there!!!!!!!!!
4	The spa ambiance is not as nice as I thought it would be but it's sort of a wood/outdoors vibe with the various wood and waterfall when you first enter the spa. I received a foot massage here which was pretty pricy for a foot massage (close to $100, which is why it's getting the 4 stars because I found it  a little pricy for a foot massage). This price did include tip so I guess I could give it that. The massage was great. I did think that it would be much different though. I imagined that it would be similar to a pedicure but just with a foot massage. I imagined that I would be sitting in a chair with a masseuse massaging my feet, however, this is similar to a full body massage in which one will disrobe and lay on their back underneath a massage bed blanket. It did make this massage more relaxing. I will definitely get one again when I return to the Cosmopolitan. There is applejuice, orange juice, etc... but you have to really look for it as it is in a fridge under where you get the hot water for tea/coffee. Any-who, definitely get the foot massage :)
4	"Walk all the way to the waterfall." And leave everything else behind. This spa is definitely selling itself on ambiance. We had Kashmire facials ($170 each, $30 room upgrade for couple's suite). I thought this was super pricey for facials that didn't focus entirely on treatment, but more on the feel good side. Although, with any treatment you have 24 hour access to the hot mist/cold mist/sauna/Jacuzzi areas, I think if I ever came back I would try their massages, which everyone seemed to rave about as they walked out.
4	My very first hot stones massage, and I loved it!!! This spa offer a lot of different kind of packages, common ones, and weird ones... In general, most spas are very similar in services, ambience, and amenities. It's the masseuses that makes a difference, and I really loved Linda. She had very firm but gentle touch. I really felt her working on me, and very relaxed at the same time, almost putting me to sleep. I really didn't know what to expect, except for getting burned?!?! The stones WERE super hot but didn't burn. The way Linda worked them on my body felt amazing! Although I have to say the front staffs weren't very helpful at all with me. I told them that I was interested in the hot stones massage but was skeptical, and asked them about the other packages, and they basically read the descriptions to me straight from the menu. RETARD! I  CAN read!!!   I guess, you can't expect good service unless you flash your bucks first!
4	I really don't have any lengthy experiences with spas but I was able to compare this to others that I have been to. The staff was great and nice and always available. I got an 80 minute massage from Cleo and she was amazing!! She did such an excellent job and she also told me about some problem areas and worked on them which I appreciated. Sometimes a massage therapist might just give you a massage rather than work on any issues. So Cleo rocked.I also got a facial and Summer was my Aesthetician. She has a great touch and technique and she was so relaxing to be with. She is also very educated and I was able to ask questions and have her tell me how to take care of my skin.The only thing that I don't care for in the spa is the actual spa itself. Yeah, it's pretty and expensive looking but I wasn't amazed. I got to be honest with you, the spa at Southpoint was more relaxing and they had more items offered to their clients. I absolutely loved my massage therapist and Aesthetician, I highly recommend them.
4	Came here on a Sunday afternoon in July. It wasn't crowded at all. I saw only about 5 other women wandering and relaxing here and there. When you arrive you are greeted by very friendly women and they show you around. The plush robes and slipper shoes are comfortable and you get a nice sized locker for your clothing. Its clothing optional in the spa area, and it felt very clean. I was very happy with my experience, but the price of the massage left me wanting more. In the end with tip a 60 min massage was $175, but includes use of the facilities for the day. Next time I think I would opt for the day pass, without a treatment, and use the hot tub, wet and dry saunas and nice shower area. One of my favorite things was the vanity area for after the spa. They had toothbrushes, combs, tons of hair products, and hot hair tools. Pretty much anything you need to get ready. The massage itself was good. I liked the use of hot towels(?) throughout it and the room was nice and dark which was relaxing. This is the perfect spot to end your Vegas vacation, just expect to spend all of your casino winnings!
5	Alright, alright. Enough is enough. There is absolutely no way I can keep this to myself any longer!!I booked the Rejuvenating Scrub and the Moonflower Detoxifying Ritual, which comes along with 55 minutes of massage (whichever type of massage you prefer). The beauty about booking a treatment is it allows you access to the lovely amenities the entire day, before and after. It was the best idea I've ever had pre-Vegas trip, especially since the plan was to "celebrate all weekend." Going to the spa every trip to Vegas should be mandatory, because I had never felt so wonderful on the plane ride home, then I did after Sahra, this last trip.The whole package of rejuvenation and so on, was incredible. Not only was the music,  ambiance, and everything else perfect...so was the masseur, Mike. He was a total gift from heaven (or Sahra), not sure who deserves all the credit? With a body chiseled like a roman god and the perfect, firm hands, Mike gave me the best spa treatment I've ever had in my life; scrubbing out all the toxins in my skin, covering me in clay and working out all my kinks. I love deep, thorough sports massages and that's what I graciously got!Besides Mike the masseur, the ambience of this spa is a sight to see. The gorgeous and immaculate commons areas and ladies room made me feel like I was on another planet. Stretched out between long hallways, waterfalls dripping down from the ceilings, maze like entryways. Most halls and rooms included all natural elements like metal, wood, water, air and "fire like designs" in the decor. Everything strategically placed for relaxation and serenity on the eyes and mind, made going back to the party a vague and distant idea.I highly recommend making a stop here if you're ever going on any kind of adventure to Vegas! If I lived in town, I would definitely being seeing Mike and his amazing hands on a very, regular basis, oh yes, and of course lounging around at the Sahra wayyy tooo often, as well.
4	Best Vegas hotel gym I have ever used and quite possibly the best massage therapist I have ever had in Vegas. (Out of pure selfishness, I shall not disclose his name directly on this review.)With that said, in terms of amenities of the spa (cold and hot rooms, saunas, hot tubs, and so on), nothing really comes close to the day spa at Caesars.  Assuming that you're a guest at the Cosmo and you just want a good work out and a little massage, go here--it's quick, easy and lovely.  Otherwise, if you want to make a day of it, hang out with the girls, and have the time to pamper yourself, go to Caesar's.P.S. If you're REALLY interested in the name of my therapist and you have bad shoulder and neck problems, send me a message and I shall share the name of the therapist. :)
4	I recently enjoyed the amenities of this facility that, besides being relaxing, is quite eye appealing.  Upon entering the spa, one walks down a long, narrow corridor between two sandstone walls.  Wooden lockers with electronic locks contain a plush robe and a small bottle of water.  Tall frosted glass doors embellish shower stalls; comfortable overstuffed chairs in the room where one waits for a masseur or masseuse are all leather; and squiggly illuminated white lights adorn the ceiling near the spa area above cloth recliners.  A modern well-lit Steam Room and a hot Sauna flank a Cool Mist Room where one can stand while shots of mist descend from above.  It was a bit hazy in there, and, longing to rest after 20 straight minutes in the Steam Room, at first I looked in vain for a place to sit.  The mist could be revived by pressing a refreshment button, but it still did not match the perfectly formed snowflakes that can be enjoyed from a seated position in Qua Baths & Spa's cooling room at Caesars Palace.  And, the mist tended to move in one direction, not falling evenly below--which has significance when more than one person are in the room.The whirlpool spa itself has some very nice features, including at least 5 vigorous, well-spaced jets and a recessed area where a tropical rain shower falls from overhead with varying intensity on up to 4 bathers.  My object was to refresh, relax, and visit with my son, who was staying at The Cosmopolitan with friends from California, and all aims were achieved.
5	Oh my goodness!  Hammammmmmmm is the way to go!  Wanted a real good couples body scrub followed up with a couples massage.  What a great way to end my 40th birthday in Vegas.  Does require a bit of $$$, but well spent while on vacation.  Was specifically looking for someplace to accomodate a couple and if you've been to the Cosmopolitan, then you can have an idea of how classy this place is.  My fiance and I were able to enjoy a round of rooms starting in the sauna, cold mist, then steam.  A whirlpool was available for use as well.  This portion of the spa is gender separated, but then you can ask to be reunited in a joint lounge prior to the hammam treatment.  BTW, when we made our appointment, we were asked what our gender preference was for our massage therapist and we requested both to be women.  They met us in the lounge and brought us to the hammam - a heated oval stone table where two stations were set up for our scrub and soap massage side by side.  I cannot even express how relaxing this part was - getting scrubbed, massaged with water and even the way the water was poured was amazing!  After our scrub, we had a brief moment in the sauna and then were led to our beautiful room for the couples massage, again side by side.  Absolutely recommend to any couple looking for a relaxing spa treatment together.
5	Spa-aaaahhhhhhhh....In short, I am VERY impressed with Sahra Spa & Hammam. After two long nights in Vegas, my body was in desperate need of a little pick-me-up before night #3...while my friends hit the casino and bars, I opted to spend a few hours at the spa on this Wednesday evening. I usually stick to the Spa at Encore for treatments and Qua at Caesar's for just the facilities alone, but since I was staying at Cosmo again, I figured I might as well give Sahra a try; I am so grateful that I did! Sahra is relatively small compared to its host, Cosmopolitan-- it isn't massive like Qua (or even Encore), but is just exceedingly well done for its size. The spa attendants I encountered were extremely helpful and went out of their way to make my experience seem like that of a king; due to the smaller nature of the spa, the attendants can more easily better each guest's experience, especially with always bringing fresh water and drinks at request. The locker areas are simple yet luxe, and the vanity areas are well-appointed and well-lit. The "relaxation area" had plush couches and delicious snacks! Granola in one dispenser and a blend of nuts in the other? Yes, please! Top that off with choices of lime/lemon infused water, apple juice, and bottled water, I barely caught notice of the bananas and apples on the side table. Now, I could have slept for hours in the wet area. The whirlpool jacuzzi was quite large, and had this amazing little alcove in the center with water drops "peacefully" falling from the roof. It's hard to explain, but the little details like this are what really keep boosting my generosity with stars. The sauna and steam room are basic, but nice. Sahra's "gimmick" (for lack of a better term)-- similar to the Arctic Ice Room at Qua-- is that of the Cold Mist Room: A basic room that is comfortable for a single person, the roof has a few higher-powered misters. Great for some hydration! And let me tell you... I needed all I could get after the previous two nights. Top off the wet area room with about six cushioned lounge chairs.  Sahra not only has well-done facilities, but the service I received is what is pushing this spa to the 5-star mark. I just had the simple 25-minute refresher massage and it was top-tier for massages I've had! I typically book female therapists, but really needed the extra pressure on this particular day, so I opted for a male therapist. I was placed with Mike, and I received an incredible massage that made me wish I booked the full 50 minute service! TIP: Book a massage with Mike. Very talented masseuse that I will definitely pay a visit to again in January! Bottom line: Serene atmosphere, beautiful facilities, and an exceptional service gives Sahra 5/5.
4	Popped my massage cherry at Sahra with an 80 minute signature massage! Bernard did an excellent job switching between the different techniques (Swedish, Shiatsu, Thai) that I did not think for a second I only paid for one type of massage. Before I had my massage, I was dealing with chronic pain and boy did the pain ever melt away! Its been 3 days now since the service and I can feel the difference in my body- no more stiff muscles and aches from my bad postures! I sleep better and feel more revitalized.Check in was not an issue, I was helped promptly and luckily for me there was no line at the time. I've noticed some people had complained about the locals discount not being applied but as I was checking in, I was asked for my ID right away to verify my local status (I made sure to emphasize it at the time of booking). As I was walking down the sandstone hallway, I was greeted promptly by the locker room attendant, Karen, who to my surprise was standing right at the door as I was slowly inching to the lockers in awe of the hallway and in full on tourist mode taking pictures.  She gave me a rundown of where things are in the locker room without walking to each and every space (which was fine with me) and shortly presented me with a locker. Spent the rest of my morning into the early afternoon enjoying the spa's amenities! The only downsides were the cool mist room which didn't produce a strong spritz of water and the shower stall I was in because the water didn't drain right away and the bath mat that was in the stall got completely drenched! To me these are minor things in the bigger picture because I enjoyed my massage and stay so much. Will definitely revisit!
5	Really really loved this spa. It's on the smallish side, yes, BUT the quality of finish out, attendants, and overall atmosphere have me wishing I could never leave. First let's start with the robes.......they feel like suede on the interior. I want one! Problem is, robes in the room are nowhere near the quality of the spa robes and they're like $150...yowza......how much are the spa robes then?! I digress though....I went in for a prenatal massage and loved every second of it. My one HUGE gripe is if you're pregnant the spa only allows for a 50 minute massage. Big boo on that...I needed those extra 30 minutes! The showers and the dressing room were a nice way to end the experience. I especially loved the lotions in the dressing area. Smelled so yummy. Highly recommend if you're staying at the Cosmo.
1	WARNING: ON WEEKENDS, DAY PASS USE OF THE SPA IS NOT AVAILABLE, EVEN TO HOTEL GUESTS.The Cosmopolitan heavily promotes its spa/hammam as a key reason to stay there, however it's not available if you stay there on weekends. I tried to buy a day pass for the hotel's spa on Saturday, but was refused entry, even though I was a guest of the hotel.Although it is a policy that does not appear anywhere on the hotel's website or in-room services directory, no one can use the spa on Saturdays unless they also purchase a very expensive treatment...and some of those have starting prices of $300. I'd never heard of a hotel banning its own guests from its spa, especially when they advertise their spa as a key feature (it was one of the reasons I booked this hotel), so I complained. The response was to offer me a marginal discount on one of those $300 treatments! So to use the steam and sauna we had to leave The Cosmopolitan and schlep to another hotel spa on the strip, which was happy to welcome us and sell us a day pass.
5	After a HORRIFIC experience in this hotel with regard to things breaking down and the service, etc. the BEST thing about our stay was definitely the spa.  Incredible.  Jamila was my therapist and she was phenomenal.  I have been a massage therapist for 25 years, and I told her all my problems as well as my problem areas on my body.  She was engaging, compassionate, comforting, and even funny.  But what I appreciated the most was she was so highly skilled, able to address each area of  my body that needed work with finesse and effectiveness, I am forever grateful.  FEWF!  Did I ever need HER!  She saved the day.  I HIGHLY recommend her.
3	I will have to update with more stars as I only used the amenities and didn't get any of the services which is why this is only receiving a three, so consider this a 3 out of 3!After sitting in the hot tub on the 4th floor of the East Tower, my brother-in-law says, hey, you guys should go check out the steam room and sauna on the 14th floor of the west tower.  It's complimentary with how I  booked the room.  Had no idea what that meant as I didn't know they were in a spa.  Got up to the 14th floor and after checking in, we walk down this very high hallway that made me feel like I was in an Egyptian Pyramid  with a waterfall at the end to a spectacular spa.  I found this spa to be very relaxing, spacious, and very clean.  Gentlemen and ladies are separate in this spa experience as it's clothing optional.You are greeted immediately by staff who make sure you are taken care of.  It was certainly our first visit to this spa so he gave us a guided tour, showed us to our lockers, and throughout our time, was actively clearing away used towels, and restocking everything to keep the spa extremely clean and comfortable.The locker room is already relaxing.  nice sized lockers with sandles and extremely comfortable robes to wear.  There was a lounge area with a TV and some light spa cuisne (nuts, fruit, water and tea choices).  Walk a little further and there was a steam room, sauna, cool steam mist, large jacuzzi which featured a rain room, and a relaxing area with some chaise lounges which we were told was if you felt like napping or just resting.  There's also a showering facility and a well stocked vanity area down to disposable toothbrushes, shavers, and all sorts of lotions.  Did I take full advantage of the amenties?  Yes.  I even took two showers just because I could and didn't want to get into the jacuzzi with all the sweat pouring out of me from the steam room and sauna.Steam room is really hot, smells like eucalypts.  Maybe a little too hot.  Could barely see my spa companions.  Was that an issue, not really.  Sauna room is a little on the small side, but we were the only 3 in there so it didn't matter.  Jacuzzi is quite large.  Can probably seat 15 guys comfortably... well, as comfortable as it is to sit in a jacuzzi full of naked men.  Decor is all brown stone for the most part, fairly dark but lighting is warm.  Didn't have much in the way of music which is fine as the rain room in the jacuzzi was really all the noise you needed.Even without getting any of the services, it didn't hit us until we were walking out with how relaxed we felt and kept sighing with contentment all the way back to the room and pretty much the rest of the day.  I can't wait to go back and try a couple of their services so I can boost this to a 5 out of 5!
5	I have to say, I was really impressed with this spa!  I wanted a massage while vacationing in Las Vegas and poured through Yelp reviews.  Sahra Spa was the ultimate winner, and I went on Easter Sunday morning for an eighty-minute "Balance and Harmony" massage.  The place was totally empty... guess I was one of the first appointments.  The desk receptionist was warm and inviting.  After check-in, she sent me down this long stone hallway to the women's locker room (hate to call it that, but y'all get the idea).  Karen, the attendant, met me at the door and I have to say... spectacular.  I was pretty much in awe because I've never been in a spa that huge, but she gave me a great little tour and was so friendly.  After I changed, I took a quick shower and basically relaxed for about forty-five minutes.  They have GREAT granola and a pretty nice selection of tea.  I hadn't eaten breakfast, so this was a bonus.After lounging for a bit, I met Wendy, my masseuse.  She led me to the treatment room somewhere upstairs... really, this place is huge.  The room was small and dimly-lit.  The massage was nice, definitely more therapeutic than I thought.  She did a great job getting out any kinks and easing post-flight tension.  I added on aromatherapy, but I'm not sure that was necessary.  I didn't really smell much of anything so I probably would advise not doing the add-on.  The massage itself is really nice and I felt very relaxed when it was over.I didn't really use any of the other amenities because I was meeting up with my boyfriend, but I did take another shower (the facilities are just that nice) and used the vanity area.  If you have an appointment though, you're able to go back and use the spa until they close for the day.  I think that's a nice perk although I didn't do it.  They have truly thought of anything you may need:  toothbrushes, razors, cotton swabs, a full selection of lotions and hair products, etc.  I just wish I had brought my makeup bag with me and I would have been set.Great experience!  Pricy, but I felt like the price matched with the quality and level of service.  Would definitely recommend!
5	I was highly impressed with the Sahra Signature Massage I received from Tina.  She was amazing!  Living in New York, I've been to some wonderful spas, but Tina provided hands down the best spa treatment that I've ever had. I went into the appointment barely able to tolerate my back pain, but she worked wonders with a combination of stretching, deep tissue and Swedish massage techniques to drastically reduce the searing pain.  She took the time to identify and treat the source without just going through the motions.  This spa is beautiful, relaxing and tranquil - would definitely recommend it and Tina.
3	Let me start by saying that this place is beautiful. Probably the most amazingly designed spas I've ever seen in my life. But there was something missing . . . . No treatments, just day use of the spa. Perhaps it was the staff, who was only vaguely interested in serving us. Maybe it was the layout, which seemed unnecessarily elongated. Perhaps the lounging areas weren't as comfortable as they could have been. All in all, I think it was a composite of all of those things that made my experience average. And let me tell you, I was really wanting to LOVE this place. I love the property, and everything about it.Interior Design and Decor: Six out of five stars Wait Staff: Three starsLayout: Three stars Features and Amenities: three stars Services: Did not get a massage or other treatment, day spa use only. If you come here, you will probably love it. I think it's just me. I give it 3.25 stars out of five. Everyone in my party thought it was just OK, and we're not exactly a picky crowd.
5	I came here on the spur of a moment invitation. When you first walk in the spa it is already calming with a very nice reception area. They have lockers for your things and give you a comfy robe-slippers.I was receiving the 80 min jasmine flower detox & massage. Brandi was my therapist & she was amazing!!! The detox wrap smelt wonderful and really felt as though it was getting the toxins out. I showered and then it was massage time. I have been looking for a good massage for sometime & only wish she worked in Atlanta!!! I was very specific in what I wanted and she liked that. She gave me good deep pressure in my traps and problem areas, but lighter pressure in the less tense areas. I would recommend her to anyone & will definitely see her whenever I'm in Vegas!!!
5	I've been to allot of spa's, this one is really a perfect haven.  I booked on a whim (an hour before) and they were very quick to accommodate.  I had the balance & harmony 50 minute. I recommend this if you like Swedish style, which I love.  It's a combination of that with hot stones.  I also suggest that you spend at least an hour alternating between the jacuzzi (pool size with shower head type waterfall) and the steam room.)  You can also just sit on a lounge chair and stare at the peaceful soothing walls and water.  I still feel peaceful because of it!  Prices are moderate to pricey depending on where you live.  L.A. prices can really get up there so I think this is moderate because you have access to the facilities up until 8pm on the day you have a treatment.
5	I'm no longer a Vegas spa newbie!And I couldn't think of a better place to get the Vegas spa experience for the first time than the Sahra Spa at the Cosmo.Let me begin by saying that I'm not a spa guy.  I've never been to other Vegas spas, so I have nothing to compare the Sahra Spa to.  That said, everything about my afternoon at the Sahra Spa was 5-star perfect.My friend and I decided that after a long weekend of heat, booze, and second-hand smoke, a few hours of pampering were in order.  I booked an "Essential Him" men's facial for 2pm on a Sunday.  They told me to arrive early to enjoy the common spa facilities first.  Sounded like a good plan to me.  After checking in and pre-paying, I was led down a long sandstone hall to the gorgeous, cave-like men's spa, where I changed into some "spa attire" (read: bathrobe and sandals) and took a long shower with the froofiest C.O. Bigelow bath products on the planet.  Then I spent an hour zenning out in the jacuzzi (complete with waterfall).  The best part was that I had the *entire* facility to myself!  I guess all the tourists clear out by Sunday afternoon?Once 2pm came around, I was whisked upstairs to a hall of private treatment rooms.Jodie was my aesthetician during the facial -- and, wow, she was *wonderful*.  She explained every step of the procedure as it was happening, always double-checking that none of the serums/creams/exfoliants/etc. were causing any stinging or unpleasantness.  Once the 1-hour treatment was over, my face and neck were like porcelain.  All the redness and unevenness in my complexion were gone, and my pores had turned invisible.  Jodie's a miracle worker.The only downside of the Sahra Spa facial is the fact that I can't afford to do this everyday!After the facial was over, I was walked back to the men's spa, where I spent another hour in the jacuzzi and the waterfall... just because I could. In fact, I loved it here so much that I'm making a spa visit a central part of every Vegas getaway from now on.  This former Vegas spa newbie may become a Vegas spa regular.......
5	I might have to give this spa a four star rating cause there were NO BANANAS! But it's so relaxing that I just have to give it 5 stars all the way.Went here on a Sunday afternoon for some me time and some R&R and some serious nap time. There's one large jacuzzi with a overhead sprinkle of water (shower). That was the least hottest/warmest area. You can sit there 15-20 minutes and you'll be fine. The dry sauna, is seriously dry. Jut hot enough to make you sweat vigorously.The wet sauna is my serious fave. Eucalyptus wet sauna? Why not?! It felt refreshing, minty, hot/wet, and when you get out of the sauna, felt like you've been rejunivated (sp?)The shower mist room was kinda awkward because once you walk in, you just stand in the middle and let the shower rain on you. No seats. Just standing.Other than, they need bananas, cause I was told there would be bananas. And preferably more lounge chairs, like an area for napping.Would come visit again and try out the massages.
1	this place is tinythere are only 6 lounge chairs in the noisy tub and sauna area... so you can't get a relaxing restthe waiting room for services has lots of chairs but not relaxful as they shout out names for servicesshowers are dirtytried a foot massage and it was not worth the $85 fir 25 min. A pedicure from a local salon does better.
3	The review is particularly for the sauna and steam room portions of this establishment. The temperature was extremely low in both and you couldnt break a sweat. We spoke to the associates about it, they were kind and understanding, they informed us that Las Vegas regulations do not allow temperatures above 160F in a Sauna. What is the point of having a Sauna when I can have a hotter temperature showering in my hotel room? Anyways, the staff was great and refunded us the cost. So, just a heads up, if you are used to a good sauna/steam room, don't waste your time.The jacuzzi is excellent here and very beautiful. The service was phenomenal, thus I am giving it three stars instead of 1 that it would have received otherwise.
5	First time visit this week. It was pretty relaxing and low key.  I've been to another gym and spa on the strip, so I can compare a bit.The gym could have been larger with more bench presses and stations.  The spa was great.  Only complaint would be that there's only one hot tub.  Temperature was perfect so that you could stay in for a while, both in the hot tub and wet sauna.  It was a bit pricey to get in, but I'd definitely go back.
4	Sahra is stunning, there is no doubt about that.  It is incredibly expansive, with a gilded waterfall welcoming you on your way in to what looks like a Saharan Oasis. For as much space as the foyer, walkways, hallways, and lobbies make up, the actual spa itself seems quite small. The locker room is average with a separate bathroom down the hall behind a door which I thought was a little strange and pedestrian. The amenities were C.O Bigelow  and the vanity area had some aerosol deodorant and hairdryers but honestly wasn't much different than a set-up you'd find at an Equinox or nice gym.  There was a hallway with a room off to the right to wait for treatments, and then to the left was a room with the spa: a jacuzzi with waterfall, a steam room, sauna, and a cold water/air room thing. I guess I thought a spa of this stature and price would have a bit more room for the guest to explore and relax in, especially since the waiting room was filled when I was there and I wanted some privacy but didn't want to have to find it in a sauna. I came to realize that the rest of the giant "spa" is 2-3 floors and hallway after hallway of treatment rooms, unmarked dark wood doors. My boyfriend and I were getting a couples massage and after meeting in the middle area after he came from an identical set up on the other Men's side, we were taken up a flight of stairs to the maze of rooms. Our room was nice and large with two massage tables, a bathtub that we didn't use, and a pretty couch area with candles we didn't get to use. We both got the Balance & Harmony Massage which was a combination of Swedish technique with hot stones and the hot stones were AMAZING. It was relaxing and went incredibly fast though...wasn't completely quiet since he started SNORING!!! The women were nice, a little awkward at the end when one of them went in for an elaborate handshake/zen move thing that was a half hug confusing moment. 20% gratuity is included when you book, overall, nice experience, but I think I was expecting a bit more for the exorbitant price. Sahra is the most I've paid including the Ritz Carlton and Four Seasons...
5	Had an awesome 3 hours at the spa ( Wait.. I m heading back after writing the review, as you are given a daylong entry to use the amenities in the spa - Sauna, Coo Mist, Jacuzzi, etc., )I prefer to take one of the spa baths ( combined with massage ) as you might have a better personal masseuse back home, but it is guaranteed that you wouldn't have such a great bath.(Ching was my masseuse - Felt great with the correct pressure and pace). Have fun in Vegas
5	Rating for "Spa Journey Only" - In short, Cory, journey concierge, was amazing and this treatment is spectacular!!  I told Cory we should rename this treatment and call it the Post-Jet Treatment.   Fresh off a plane, I was in the treatment room within 45 minutes of getting to the hotel. :-)Some quick notes:- I typically get cold during body scrubs and wraps.  Nope, not here.  The room was warm, the ground was warm, and the stone was warm.   My body temperature consistently stayed warm throughout.- Everything for the treatment is in one room: Steam Room, Room Temperature Jetted Tub, Ice Cold Water, Ice Cold Towels. And buckets and buckets of warm water :-)- I think the water being thrown on my body was the best part of the treatment next to the way Cory was able to knead out the kinks in my back with a gentle hand.- I don't have a gender preference for my therapists.  However, I did think twice before allowing a make therapist to apply a treatment to my body.  Well, again, Cory was the ultimate professional.   I can't have asked him to be more appropriate.  :-)I consider myself to be an expert spa goer; so I always have material to compare to.   That being said, this was one of the best treatments I've ever had by one of the best therapists I've ever had.Way to wind down from a few weeks of travel - I'll be back to see Cory in the future!
5	I experienced this spa for myself (I usually write on behalf of my wife) on 3/8 and had an amazing time.  I had been at Vegas for Day 4/5 and was feeling really tired.  The day before I had stayed at Planet Hollywood (PH) and utilized their facilities ($25 resort fee got you in) so I wanted to compare.  No comparison (except for the cost).  I booked the 50 min essential and spent 1.5 hrs in the spa prior. The spa was initially kind of crowded (maybe 8-10 guys) at 1:30.  By 2:30pm, it was pretty quiet (2-4 guys).Facility:  really nice and clean (most important according to my wife).  Things were kept restocked.  There were both water bottles and ice water.  Cool ice towels were replaced when depleted.  The only thing a tad messy were some towels on the ground near the chaise (cleaned away after 30 or so mins).  The facility has a nice large jacuzzi.  Plenty of space to sit in.  The steam room and sauna were of average size, but there were a lot of guys in the steam room (6-8).  There was also a nice cool mist room.  Felt really good to go in after the hot.  The locker rooms were spacious and had nice amenities.  There were toothbrush kits, hair spray, deodorant, etc...only thing missing was hair gel.  There was also a nice relaxation lounge with TVs on one side, and magazines on the other.Service: This was pretty good.  I was greeted right away.  Checkin was nice and easy.  Then I was handed off to a spa attendant.  I was never left to wander or find my own way out.  I was shown my locker (robe, slippers, bottle water, and towel).  I was given a tour and everything was explained.  Very professional.  There were at least 3-4 attendants on the men's side.  At exactly the time of my appt, an attendant lead me to the massage area and handed me off to my therapist.  She was very professional and all went well.  The massage itself was nothing overly special.  IT was what I expected from a high end spa.  She asked me if I wanted her to focus on a specific region.  She escorted me out upon completion and that was that.Value:  This spa treatment was a tad more expensive ($20) than the rate I received from the PH.  HOwever, the facilities are way better and well worth the difference.  I wouldn't hesitate to return.This was one of the best choices I made during my stay in Vegas.  I will try to do this every time I go to vegas.  Great way to unwind and rest up.
4	Very nicely appointed spa area with steam, whirlpool, sauna, and a cool mist room in addition to the lounge areas, TV room, etc. Steam room was a good temp with a very relaxing, dimly lit area but clean and modern looking. Some of the best-looking spa attendants in Vegas as well, imho.
5	Awesome relaxation destination. My meeting ended at noon but flight out of Vegas was at 6:40. So I decided to make it pamper session. The only thing that u didn't like was the price... But in Vegas is x2ore pricey... So that passed pretty quickly, especially after entering the serene zone of Sahra. I booked a body scrub and a balance & harmony massage sessions which would last 1.5 hours back to back. I didn't have gender preference for therapy. I got a male therapy, Mick, like Jaeger (that's how he introduced himself...). He was very good with his soothing voice and firm hands. LOVE the scrub treatment and LOVE even more of the hot stone massage with balance and harmony. After the treatments I took my time to enjoy the amenities: the lounge with teas and snacks, jet tub with rain forest corner, steam room, etc.. I'd definitely return when the occasion arises in the future. Highly recommend Mick, like Jaeger...
5	I love love love this spa!  It was such an all-encompassing  relaxing experience where you can let your hair down, lounge, eat healthy snacks and drink tea, enjoy the baths and steam rooms, shower, get ready at your leisure with lots of wonderful products to try at your fingertips.  The staff was friendly and helpful, and they think of everything from providing toiletries as needed, plastic bags for your things, even disposable bathing suits in case you forgot yours.  My masseuse Amanda was wonderful - she asked me questions to ensure my massage experience was what I needed, and she was great at working out my tension.  I wish I could go to her every week, everyday!  I loved the healthy snacks (banana, apples, nuts, granola) and tea/water and lounge area where you could unwind, read a magazine or catch a quick little cat nap.  They have a great lobby with plenty of products to try and buy - and clothes (a bit pricey but cute stuff).  I would so recommend Shara Spa & Hammam - it so wonderful and they can provide anything you need to feel relaxed and whole again!  This was perfect in the morning after a late night out the night before.
4	I came to this spa and salon on a Friday. I was easily able to get an appointment by calling the evening before. I booked a 50 minute essential full body massage and a haircut. First off, the facility:Very beautiful atmosphere with all the right lighting and ambient noises. Not overly crowded, there were 4-5 other women using the common areas. Everything was clean and well organized. They had wash clothes in an ice bath outside of the steam room that I really appreciated. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I realized after I left that I forgot my engagement ring in the pocket of my robe. I ran back to the spa and one of the employees helped me go through all the dirty robes until we found it. A+! My only complaint about the facility was that it didn't have an outdoor area. The temperature outside was actually pretty moderate for Vegas and I would have enjoyed relaxing with a breeze. But seriously, that's my only complaint. The services:There is no "menu" of available services either in the hospitality book in the hotel room or on the spa's website. Only broad categories (ie massage, facial, etc). So when I called to make the appointment I was given a fairly basic massage. I found out some other women there were getting mud baths, aromatherapy, etc. I was surprised that none of that was offered to me. The massage was great. Lovely private quiet rooms, my masseuse was very good and very professional. The hair stylist, Tom, was fan-tast-ic. He was so personable, charming and funny. On top of that, he gave me a fantastic cut (shoulder length with lots of fun layers) and showed me some new techniques for styling it. I couldn't have been happier with him. The process was made all the nicer by the beautiful salon atmosphere and the two mimosas they gave me. Price is pretty typical of these places. 50 min massage, all day access to spa facilities, haircut and blowout was $330 including gratuity. This is definitely a recommend if you are staying at Cosmo.
4	Lovely facility, so quiet and relaxing. It's located on west tower (main entrance) at the cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, we made appointment a day earlier, because of the convention meetings that weekend, I barely got a mani & pedi treatment at 2:30 in the afternoon. We were welcomed warmly by the host girl the minute we went in, since we booked treatments, we were also free to use the entire spa facility. The men and women areas are separated, there is a common area upstairs, hubby waited for me there after his massage service. I liked the small lounge, it also works as a waiting area for guests to be called upon for their treatments, they offer water, tea, coffee and healthy snacks such as dried fruits and nuts. The staff walked me through every step in the facility, completely stress free, I would have gotten lost there, and I forgot about my locker number too, I knew this would happen, glad if anything should happen, I just let the staff know. I really liked the mani and pedi treatment I received, everything was so clean, and smelled so pretty. My nail tech was very friendly, we chatted a bit now and then, she was very gentle and accommodating. They offer hair styling and makeup applying too, a bride was there to get them done, she looked very beautiful. I would have wanted to try it, but I was sitting there for too long already, didn't think I could sit any longer. The spa experience was very nice, I liked everything except one of my gel nails peeled off after just one day, ouch... What happened?! Not worth the $200ish service! But if you stay at the cosmopolitan, it's nice to use the facility for sauna, jacuzzi and all, it's very relaxing before a big night out or after hard partying the previous night. Think I will just use the facility, and have my hair and makeup done next time, no more gel nails!
3	I was staying at the Cosmopolitan and needed to freshen my polish for an event. This was on a Monday. I called down to Sahara to book an appointment.  The first call it kept ringing and ringing.  The second call put in on endless hold. I made my way down to make the appointment in person and stood in front of the desks where all attendants were on the phone - none dedicated to the several of us waiting to schedule or start their appointments.Once I did get the manicurist it was fine.  She was friendly.  Pointed me toward a polish that lasts forever (I had it on for 2 weeks without a chip) - not gel, just removed with polish remover. I never get past a few days. And she applied the polish flawlessly.The spa was well appointed, although the furniture was getting shabby.  For example, one nail chair showed signs where someone peeled off a layer of plastic that gave the chair shine.  In general I got what I needed and the results were above expectation.  But, the overall service to even use the spa was frustrating.  Thus the 3.  I normally would book a massage, but the hassle to schedule was more trouble than it was worth.  So, if you have the time or are on vacation, this is probably a great place.  If you are on business and looking for a little detox or freshen-up to squeeze in, I'd pass.
4	Had a massage here and spent a couple hours relaxing in the open spaces. This was a really great place to camp out away from the crowds and summer heat. The staff was attentive and friendly, and my massage was fantastic.Facility was small but clean and efficient. They only had one hot pool, but every time I went around to use it it was empty so that was ok. I'd love to see a little bigger space with some additional facilities, didn't see a workout room. They do have everything you need to shower and style your hair before leaving.The massage was a bit pricey but the facility entrance fee was low, most likely because of the limited area and offerings. Since the facility entrance is waived with a massage you probably get a better experience at a place like Qua at Ceasars. Just something to keep in mind.
5	Beautiful Spa and best experience!  You walk in and immediately feel at zen.  I loved everything from architecture to the attention to detail in the amenities provided. I was greeted by the friendly & welcoming spa coordinator- Claudia and escorted into the beautiful canyon-like corridor that ended with a tranquil waterfall.  Totally thought of the Narrows at Zion.  I toured the locker room, showers, sauna, steam room, Mist room, and lounge area. VERY NICE! What I love most about it was that it was separate from the guys. I had the full body, Essential Massage with aromatherapy done by Linda.  Loved her technique--very fluid and had perfect pressure.  She was so sweet and considerate.  My favorite part  of the experience was the scalp massage and also using the steam room with the ice cold towelettes.  So relaxing and refreshing I didn't want to leave. FYI- Whenever you get a spa treatment, you will have access to the spa SAME DAY until 8pm :)
5	I've been to this spa multiple times during stays at the Cosmopolitan hotel, but this one was my best visit yet. I owe that to my fantastic massage therapist, Mike B. He was beyond amazing, I can't even find a word for it. He had the right mixture of pressure while still being relaxing/soothing. He also had me do some stretching which was an amazing release. His touch and voice were so incredibly soothing throughout the service. I will definitely be back to see Mike on my next trip to Vegas! I'm wishing he lived in my hometown so I could get a regular appointment set up.   Best massage I've ever had in my life!  Thank you Mike B!!!
5	To celebrate a milestone birthday, we decided to book spa reservations at Sahra and Hammam at the Cosmo. While looking online, I notice they have a spa suite, never seen that before, and find out it is the only one in Vegas. So, i book the suite, for my three friends and me! There is an hourly fee, 4 hour minimum, and a minimum for spa services which needs to be hit, but the second part is easy enough with three or more.Located in the 15th floor, we are led to our beautiful private suite, complete with side by side massage tables (used for couples, not groups), two jacuzzi tubs, that would probably fit four each, eucalyptus steam room, and two showers, one with a potty attached (this is the mom of a 6 yr old talking) and one alone. There is a separate potty as well. There is also a nice dressing/vanity area. Did I forget to mention the large sofa, that could fit about 12 people, comfortably, and a bar table that has 6 chairs? There are two TVs, one above the two jacuzzi tubs, and one in the living space. There is a nice view of the Paris, and an obstructed view of Bellagio's water feature.Our host, Alex, was the BEST!!! Robert, the spa manager is also 5-star. We requested special cupcakes and they went out, picked them up, and delivered them to our suite to surprise the birthday girl. We e*mailed and called Robert like we were crazy stalker ex-girlfriends, and he took our calls, ensuring everything was ready.Spa services were great, two of the masseuses are a must see, definitely, Don, and Bernard, these reviews are by seasoned spa goers, so they are a must see while at the Cosmo. If you have the time, and win enough at the tables or slots, spend the money to relax with friends and have fun at the Sahra suite, it's a Vegas experience that doesn't need to stay in Vegas.
5	Although super expensive, Tommy gave me THE best hair color possible.  I went in there to get a blow out and just decided to color my hair too.  It was a bold decision, since I've never gotten my hair colored at a hotel spa.  It was probably the best color job I've received since I moved out of NY and moved to the West Coast.  Thanks TOMMY!!!!
4	My husband and I had a couples massage here today and really liked both the facility and the treatment. The locker rooms were clean, serene, and well-staffed. The massages were great. My only complaint was the volume of the air conditioner in the treatment room itself, not a huge concern, but if you are sensitive to sound the buzzing/clicking might take you out of the moment. The treatment room itself was spacious and tasteful. Definitely check out the whole facility when you go, we did not have time but the sauna looked very nice. My husband says I should have given this place 5 stars, but as he says, I'm tough.
4	Beautiful spa. Great attentive staff! I was hoping the spa would have been bigger. However, they still had everything a great spa needs. Including hot sauna, cold mist room, aromatherapy wet sauna, jacuzzi, vanity room, lockers, snack station, etc. the snack station is in an area where you wait for your masseuse to come pick you up for your appointment . Today they had granola, trail mix, apples, coffee, flavored water, & cold bottles water. I love how peaceful & quiet this place is and how I felt comfortable. My therapist was Christy & she had a wonderful personality along with wonderful massage skills! I would return again & recommend this place to others.
5	Loved the experience and highly recommend. Did the hammam and massage treatment. Booked the spa suite and it truly was an exceptional experience. The room is very spacious, clean and you can bathe and watch tv. Your own private steam rooms and baths. The service provided was nothing short of great! Very high attention detail and just so pleasant. Robert Lee is the manager and once it was booked - he assured the service was nothing but 5 star. Alex was our attendant the whole time and he was pleasant, courteous and very accommodating. I would definitely come back and highly recommend it. Just loved it!
3	My lovely bridal party gifted me with a facial/massage package. I was greeted by a friendly receptionist/host and did not have to wait long for my services. Both the masseuse and aesthetician were professional and courteous. The massage was divine and I appreciated the aesthetician letting me relax (doze off) during the facial. Unfortunately, I woke up the next day with face swelling and hives -- contact dermatitis. Now, almost two weeks following the facial, my skin still hasn't fully returned to normal. I'm definitely not new to facials and have not experienced anything like this after other facials so I don't want to say that my facial at Sahra is definitely the reason for what happened to my face. Perhaps it was the Vegas air or water?  However, I definitely suggest that you look into which products they are using to avoid any adverse skin reaction.
4	great spa!!!...awesome amenties such as jacuzzi, steam room and sauna, and the massage was geat!!..highly recomended
5	In the mist of all the decadent (and not so healthy) food, booze, chic and glamours rooms, located on the 14th floor of the west tower of Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas is the calm, serene, yet luxurious oasis-Sahra Spa & Hammam. After being greeted by the friendly receptionist, she directed me into the long, stonewalled hallway that led to the men's section of this very spa. The men's section includes a locker room with customized 4-digit lock, bathroom, individually curtained showers, a very beautiful Jacuzzi (with a waterfall,) dry sauna, steam sauna, as well as a cool mist room. It also features a very nice relaxing lounge that serves some refreshing tea, ice water, and nuts if you have any treatment appointments (such as their signature hammam experience.)I took the advantage of their Sahra Select 2, which includes two treatments for the price of $295 plus tax (20% gratuity included!!) My therapist Mick was extremely courteous, he gave me the tour of the treatment rooms and patiently explained to me what's going to happened during the treatments. I also find the spa facility very comfortable, my treatment was at 10 AM, and they recommended me to arrive earlier to get familiarized with the facility. Plus, because of my treatments, I also get a free day-pass, which I gladly utilized and returned around 5 PM before the dinner. During both periods, the entire place was not packed with many people. And yes, there's always 2-3 males staffs on the floor to make sure everything is met with their standards, and they were very discreet and respectful. After my experience, I was beyond exhilarated, knowing that my favorite hotel features such a nice and luxurious spa!
