4	Great  fun there...I don't think they need any more marketing then they already get, but...I'll throw in my 2 cents.The food's basically a hodge podge of tropical influenced cuisine.  It's a little  confusing to see Hawaiian names and foods next to Caribbean names and foods, but as Chris Rock would say - it's all right cause it's all white!  The quality of food is so-so, nothing to write home to ma.  Location is prime...I think TI is one of the better hotels destinations on the strip - huge parking garage, convenient location (near the highway on ramp), close to the gigantic mall, nice theme, good club (Tangerine)...but I digress.So Kahunaville will try it's damnedest to entertain the crap out of you while you eat.  In a less than intrusive way, which I appreciated.  We ordered a couple of the sample appetizer plates which came with a fake volcano and deco pieces.  Every 45 minutes or so, they would dim the lights for the water show I'll call Baby Bellagio.  There's girls walking around in coconut bras, asking people if they want to get "lei'd" for $20...which is the cheapest lay on the Strip.  And of course, the professional bartender show, which gets everyone in a Spring-Break woo-hoo frame of mind.  Remember visiting Cancun for spring break, partying hard at the bars with Mexican dudes whistling and pouring drinks into half-naked girls' mouths?  Well, take away the Mexican dudes and add a little more clothes to the girls...that's what it was like :)
2	meh..the food was okay - I had grilled Mahi Mahi.  I didn't sit in the party bar section, so I may have been more entertained if I was there, but I didn't find anything to get excited over at Kahunaville...More like a 2.5 stars.
5	This place should be getting more than 5 stars! My friend and I sat in the bar area and got there just in time for the flair bartending show (complete with a dj introducing the 3 bartenders in a "let's get ready to ruuuuuumble!" hyped up way).  The added bonus is if you're at the bar, at the end of the magnificent show, the bartender picks several ppl on his side (there are 3 sides) who he thinks were the loudest/funnest/whatever and they get one of the several shooters he just poured *for free*.  Then, as if this isn't cool enough, he'll also pour a Malibu-esque fruity liquor down your throat (while he's still standing on the bartop) if he really likes you! Talk about a great time!I also had dinner in between two flair shows (they're about an hour and a half apart), and the Lanai Chicken Pasta is a definite winner.Added bonus of the night: Our server thought that her service was lacking, and comp'd 2 of our drinks that we ordered from her!! SWEET!Sure, it's tacky, but they definitely aren't trying to hide anything. One of the funnest nights I've ever had in Vegas, and I can't wait to go back to this place!
3	I've been here a few times so other than what's already been said, its a tropical themed bar/restaurant with a piano, flair bartenders, oxygen bar and good food.  They also have a large seperate dining room available for lunch hour or if you don't want to be in the thick of the barroom action.  Hosts and DJ's get people to go on stage to get audience participation by doing chicken dancing, free shots, booty-scoots and beer-bongs.  Their signature drink is the Big Kahuna which resembles a smoking volcano - order it if your adventurous.  Great for groups and is a contrast from all the upscale places all over the strip.
4	Good place to hang out as it is both a bar and a restaurant. I had a great pina colada and the waitress gave us each a free shot since we had to wait awhile for our drinks. Later on we went to the restaurant and I had a great salad! Good food and service.
3	This is a very colorful place much like Rainforest Cafe. The food is presented nicely and tastes alright. I ordered the Coconut Almond Chicken appetizers that probably had more breading on it than chicken. The raspberry sauce that accompanied it was good, but not on the chicken. Their salads seem to be very filling and are served in very generous portions. We ordered the Shrimp Salad that had all but 5 pieces of shrimp and other fruits and lettuce. It was good, but seemed more like a fruit salad than a dinner salad. Very good for the health conscious. Their prices are not quite reasonable but average for a tourist spot.  I'm not sure yet if I'd return here again, I don't usually frequent this side of the strip and this place wasn't that good for me to go out of my way. Something to think about.
3	Think of the word Kahunaville and think tacky right?Right. One of the best drinking experiences I had on my recent trip to Vegas was at Kahunaville. I dress up to go out and we meet at this place for pre-club drinks. The drinks are served in big neon plastic cups. Vanilla Ice is blaring in the distance.  We order our friend a drink that looks like a concoction that would appear in a witches cauldron. We laugh at the bubbling drink and wonder when it will stop.   It doesn't until it is empty. We're bullshitting and drinking and so far the drinks have been a topic of conversation in and of themselves. That is until Tootsie Roll comes on.  The big girls at the table next to us climb onto any surface they can find and begin "rolling."  The french guys we are with think this is what America is all about, bad music, tacky girls, vodka tonics served in yard sized plastic cups.  Overall entertaining making the club we went to after seem too ridiculously serious, but isn't that what Vegas is all about?
3	Stopped by twice on our almost week long stay in Vegas at Treasure Island.  Kahunaville is actually located in Treasury Island.  On the Monday night that we stopped in before hitting the Strip, the entertainment was dueling pianos.  I can honestly say that the guys performing the dueling pianos were horrible.  So horrible that not even consuming additional quantities of alcohol could make them any better.  Go to New York, New York on the other end of the Strip for a decent piano bar.  We next stopped in on Thursday before heading out to some clubs.  We decided to try out the Kahunaville Oxygen bar which is located up front.  Never tried an oxygen bar before but it was only $20.00 for 20 minutes so we gave it a shot.  I guess it's supposed to give you energy and/or make you feel good inhaling the O2 (oxygen).  There were also different scents mixed in while hooked up.  A head and back massage by the female bartender using some strange contraption for the head and a three roller thing for the back was also included.  A Monster brand energy drink and a small bottle of vodka to mix in were provided too.  This mix was actually pretty good but probably wasn't a good idea on an empty stomach along with some other drinks as I would find out later.
1	Yes its ever-so tacky but you cant help but love this place! From the cocktails with extra long gummy worms on top to the island sampler with is a tray with a "smoking volcano" as a centre piece with 6 of the snacks laid on fruit and tacos.. Just FUN as service and food/drinks very good..CHANGE OF MIND!!! FEB 08!! Had lunch here last week as it was a complete disappointment as you now get your cocktails in crappy plastic cups with no foo foo paraphernalia and they ran outta dry ice for the Volcano sampler... what a waste
4	The food here was pretty good and came in a somewhat large portion. I ordered the pork tenderloin and it was great with the mashed potatoes. The bartenders are cool and the drinks are good too.
3	This is the Vegas bar to go to when no other bar will have you.Odd mix of themed dive bar + Cocktail-wannabe bartenders.  Went here b/c we got buy one get one free drink tickets as a reward for surviving Mystere (http://www.yelp.com/biz/cirque-du-soleil-mystere-las-vegas#hrid:napphgOnf9HTAdnppRAicA).This place was entertaining in small doses - particularly the dance podium where both the patrons' efforts and body frames would be best described as plus-sized.Also enjoyed the couple minutes chatting w/ a sloshed British bachelorette party that ordered Double Vodka & Cokes - an improper drink I hadn't had since a college house party when the host of the party provided one to my friend b/c they were out of rum.  I gave it a sip and it was horrendous but she was too cute to tell her how awful it was.Two stars as a bar.  One star for random entertainment.
3	We went twice while staying at TI.  First for lunch, shared the appetizer platter, and had the jumbo drink, then one night after we hit the strip. Let's see....food was good....not great...just good.  But this review isn't about the food it is all about the drinks....aaahhh the drinks!  Yummy and jumbo!  My drink cost more then my food but when it is described as big enough for two I should have known, but of course I wasn't about to share!  It was yummy and fruity and was literally smokin' when served!  The magic of dry ice!  It comes in a huge souvenir glass and I guess they will refill it for you at a 'discounted' price.  The second time we went was because we got a 2 for 1 drink coupon so we made it our last stop before bed.  The night life was eehh there.....okay for a low key place to listen to some music but not at all a happenin' place in Vegas.  The bartenders THOUGHT they were much cooler then they really are and TRIED to flair but it just wound up to be watching some guys drop bottles all over the floor.....anyhooo.....the drinks are good...not cheap but yummy for tropical fruity drinks.  The coupons for 2 for 1 would keep us going back.
3	This restaurant is fun and loud.  It reminds me of Rain Forest Cafe.  Lots of tropical decorations and a 'wild' vibe.  Unfortunately, the food was average and forgettable.  I don't even remember what we had.  I would definitely go back for the drinks.  The bartenders show a range of talent with their cocktail showmanship.  Bottles are flying all the time.  In the air, behind the back, between bartenders.  It's a lot of fun.  People are ohh'ing and ahh'ing at the bar.  And they specialize in those fruity frozen drinks which are my favorite.  Two stars for the restaurant, but 3 for the bar.
2	I should have known by the name of the place exactly how this dining experience at KAHUNAVILLE would play out:  Cheeeeesy with an extra side of tacky.My ahi tuna salad was a joke.  Wilted and browning romaine lettuce with about 5 slices of ahi does not warrent $14.95 in my book.  And $14.95 was one of the cheapest prices on the menu. For a place that reminded me of a Hawaiian themed TGI Friday's, that's insane.Then they had some cheesy bartender flair competition going on while I tried my best to digest my salad and the entire place got noisy as hell. I will admit, that was our fault for choosing to dine in the bar area.  Not a good place to dine if you plan on having a conversation that entails more than just "Woooo!"  and "Owwwww!" and hand clapping and high fiving.  I gave one star for the great, strong melon margaritas (I had two) and another for the nice bracelet I purchased from the gal walking around selling leis.   I know Treasure Island isn't known for their restaurants as other hotel/casinos are on the strip, but COME ON.  You gotta be able to do better than that.
4	We only had apps here, but they were fantastic.  We got mozzarella triangles, coconut shrimp (best ever), and calypso calamari. The food was beyond delicious!!
1	The Flair Bartenders in this place must be Carnival Court rejects cause our bartender dropped 4 bottles in 5 minutes. Then he disappeared like he got fired. Won't be going back.
3	This place is pretty average. The lure for us was the buy one get one free cocktail coupon we got while walking on the Strip. I can not pass up a buy one get one free cocktail!!! The restaurant is back behind the bar, however you can still hear all the shenanigans happening in the bar. It's quite noisy and brought back memories of our Carnival cruise last year to Baja California, drinking whistles and all! The food portions here are HUGE. I had the stir fry veggies and rice. (oh and bad place for a vegetarian.) The plating is inventive, with the take out box spilling your rice onto your plate. My husband had the tuna. When he said he wanted it "rare" I was sure they would overcook it, but they did not! Nicely cooked. The drinks were so-so. I had a pina colada and the Bahama Mama. Meh. Barely felt a buzz. Come here if you have some sort of coupon. Otherwise skip it...Oh! and you can come here if you're gonna see a show. The staff brings out the food fast and are very aware of the various 7PM showtimes that are happening around the Strip.
3	During a three day trip to Vegas, I ate food from Kahunaville...three times! One day, my family spent the day by the pool at T.I. in a cabana and it was convenient to order breakfast and lunch from this place.  For breakfast, I had eggs benedict with the hollandaise sauce on the side. Decent. For lunch, I had a Cuban Sandwich. Again, pretty good. The best part was that they gave me a MOUNTAIN of fries with my sandwich. Nothing reminds you that you are weak like eating an enormous serving of french fries while looking at tiny girls in tiny bikinis. Oh well.The next day, I had a Buffalo Chicken wrap and was really disappointed. The Buffalo sauce had some weird "tang' to it that was very unnecessary. Also, our server that day was this quirky guy named "Rodeo" who refilled our drinks by bringing out a new glass but poured that liquid into our glass on the table. I dunno- I think that's weird.Nonetheless, when I'm in Vegas and I want Chili's or Applebees quality food, I'll drop by Kahunaville.
3	The restaurant is fun. The crowd that eats there are fun. I was in vegas for a bachelorette party. 21+ girls rolling deep. We ate dinner here. Drank a free shot. Danced on the stage (i didnt, they did).Pros: Fun placeCons: Our large party was segregated from the rest of the restaurant. We were given a "selected menu". Items on the menu weren't of choice. But the waitress was kind to bring those who asked for a regular menu. Food: Okay. I've had better. Drinks, DELICIOUS!
3	So after arriving into Vegas after a long ass delay, we were STARVING! After checking into our hotel, TI (which is where Kahunaville is at), we went in search of food. We decided to try Kahunaville. Our waiter was really nice although I don't remember his name. He was Hispanic and was kinda buff. The restaurant wasn't crowded. The restaurant was bright and reminded me of Rainforest Cafe- without the animals and stuff.We decided to split the appetizer sampler, The Paradise Sampler, which included an active smoking volcano (see my uploaded picture). Included in the sampler were firecracker wings, mozzarella triangles, ribs, jerk chicken, coconut shrimp and nachos. Everything on the sampler was pretty decent and hit the spot (especially since we were so hungry). But the jerk chicken and the nachos were kinda disappointing.We also shared the Ahi Tuna Salad (also see my uploaded pic). It was basically a cesar salad with ahi tuna on the side with a wasabi dipping sauce, which was kinda weird but the ahi tuna sounded kinda good so I went with it. It was a cool salad, kinda weird with the tuna (which was fresh btw) and cesar salad being together. But overall, it tasted decent and cured the hunger and that's what was important.
5	Best place that I ate in Las Vegas....and trust me the very next night I went to "Fix" Restaurant in Bellagio and blew $250.00 on dinner for two.  I spent around $90.00 here and the food was 100 times better.  Cute decor in the restaurant and they have a little dancing water show too.  I love the huge "Kahuna" size drinks they serve and one drink is really enough for two!  I love this place and try to get here every time I come to Vegas!
4	Very good food and great for large parties... came here for lunch and dinner during a Vegas trip... the nachos are gigantic and tasty.  The cocktails are deelish... and the bar area with the shenanigans of the flair bartending is exciting to watch
4	The Hawaiian sliders ... SO GOOD.  The pina colada chicken is pretty good too ..but the sliders are the best.  YUM!!!They have a cheesey bartender show -- cheer the guys on and they give you free shots.  Like I said, cheesey but still somewhat amusing.  =P
5	Every time I go to Vegas I eat here...it's that good....I love the BBQ ribs, the fries, and the Jasmine rice....Drinks are huge and I have to admit I'm an addict.  I have to go here otherwise I'd feel like the Vegas trip was a bust...My GF and her best friend like to order the appetizer sampler their way...all off menu and modified like hell...but the service is top notch..  they even have bikini chicks walking around asking for donations for something or other...sometimes they're hot...other times...eh....but the food...stay focused, Philthy....the food is great...do come here..it's right by the escalator when you come down from the parking lot....
4	We had dinner here right before seeing Mystere.  I'd go again especially when I felt better.  I was surprised by my dinner's presentation.  My mashed potatoes were a little volcano.  Cheesey, I know, but they were very yummy, too.  The mushroom chicken was good as well.  Our waitress was very nice and the service was fine (minus the "kids" and "sweetie" comments).  Right before our show started, the bar was hopping with loud music and a bartender contest, which I wish we could've stayed for!
2	So this place Kahunaville is pretty much just an Applebee's in TI.  The only difference would be the atmosphere is slightly better.  You get the same unoriginal menu and overly salted food, served to you by a fairly unpleasant person.  If I wasn't super hungover and close to death I would of made and effort not to eat here, but being my usual self I over did it significantly the night before.  To review the food, me and wifey both had wraps that had way to much salty sauce on them and some OK, but super salty fries.  The margarita was very sour and comes with and extra shot of Tequila and a gummy worm in it.  My suggestion for them would to be forget the frills and make a decent drink.  The service was some of the worst I have experienced in Vegas and overall I cannot give this place an sort of endorsement.
3	Not my first choice, but the 21 year old twins we took there LOVED it, and mom & aunt were entertained, so I'll give it a few props. First off: This is a "Flair" bar. Before you go getting all Office Space on me, that means the bartenders sling drink bottles around all fancy like Tom Cruise in Cocktail and mix horrendously sweet undrinkable concoctions, which they auction off some nights in a contest of some sort. We happened to be there on such a night. Pros: The DJ took requests, and had an extensive 80s collectionNobody minded that some of my party was falling all over the placeMy frequent requests for water were met with a smile...and eventually a  BUCKET filled with ice and waterWe were with 21 year old twin girls, and as a result there were so many drinks on the table we couldn' t finish them allIt was in our hotel, so carrying said falling over person back to their room was not as painful as it could have beenCons: Flair. Bartenders. Need I say more? Seriously, I ordered the plainest margarita they had and it was still too sweet to drinkIt was in our hotel, so the number of men trying to follow the 21 year old twin girls back to our room were numerous and hard to shakeI wouldn't go back there again because it's just not my scene, but the girls enjoyed it and we got many a drink for free (even if I couldn't actually stomach them) so it seems like a place to go for some harmless dancin' and drinkin' fun - especially if you're under 25 and enjoy super cheese.
4	Big portions, great lunch specials ($8.99 sandwiches). I got the fire chicken wrap with fries. Service was nothing to brag about, we had to ask our waitress for the check because we had been waiting so long to get it. A great lunch deal if you're just looking for something hearty to get in your belly before heading to the pool for fruity drinks of the alcoholic kind :)
4	40+ buy one get one free drink coupons was what brought us here. the drinks were awesome and they were at good prices. location sucks and the food wasnt great so thats why im holding off the 5th star. only go if you have coupons
2	This place really sucks.  When you walk into TI, there are people handing out lunch coupons for $7.50 for any entree on their special lunch menu.  We ended up ordering a sampler of their mini sandwiches.  The ones I remember consisted of bbq pork and some other type of pork.  I have to say with 100% certainty that they all tasted like crap.  The only saving point were the fries which were fried really well but messing up french fries isn't that easy to do.  Anyways, we also ordered a salad and it was normal, nothing special.  Martinis and drinks are $9 and come in the smallest sizes.  Be careful and ask the waitress for the prices before you order.  I am giving Kahunaville 2 stars because of the discounted lunch price, otherwise it's for sure a 1
1	Woooowwwww. What an experience. We only went here because we had a buy one get one free drink coupon, and boy am I glad we didn't actually pay full price! This place is a mix of really cheesy, really chintzy, and down right sleezy. The music is so loud you can feel your skin vibrate to the music. The bar has video poker in front of EVERY seat, so unless you want to stare at a glowing TV screen, you have to sit at a table. I got a frozen rasberry margarita which tasted like absolute crap, full of artificial grossness. The boy got a regular margarita which wasn't too bad, was actually kind of strong, but still not worth the miserable atmosphere. The flair bartenders are friendly and fun to watch, but kind of seemed burned out and not horribly interested in their job which just made me feel bad for them.When you first walk in there is an oxygen bar located to the side. On a different day we decided to check it out since we had never done the oxygen thing before, but just felt really uncomfortable the entire time. The girl that worked the bar was really weird, fake, and over friendly. For 20 bucks you get use of the oxygen tanks (they have 4 different flavors to chose from, but they all just smell like a weird sweet plastic smell) you get a massage from the girl, and you get a monster energy drink. For some people I can see how they would think this was fun and a pretty sweet deal, but we just felt awkward and skipped out before she could come massage us! Didn't go for the energy drink either, but only because we don't like the taste. Oh yea, and besides feeling a little dizzy, I didn't feel rejuvenated or more alert and awake like they say you're supposed to. Neither did the boy. Oh well, it was worth a try!
3	Fairly yummy and unique margarita flavors, with a little bit of show. Not bad for a better drink than the cocktail waitresses bring you when you're in the TI poker room.
3	The food was pretty nondescript - not really good but not really bad, either.  We stuck to appetizers and had the sampler platter thing that they have.  It was pretty big and offered lots of different things.  They were mostly fried and were fine but nothing special.  It was quite a bit of food and it was plenty for a light late lunch to hold five of us over until dinner.  I think the drinks are not cheap but I do enjoy fruity tropical drinks and I liked my pina colada.  The service was friendly although our experience started off poorly because they were understaffed and we were told our server would not be with us for 10 or 15 minutes.  The server actually was with us much, much sooner and she was nice and efficient.I'm not sure I'd return here unless we were in the area and very hungry.  For fried appetizers, it's fine; for a meal, I might venture elsewhere.
4	This place is a lot of fun. The flair bartending is really cool to watch and they gave everyone free shots!  My friend and I went to this place for dinner before watching the Mystere Cirque du Soleil show.  We had a 10% off coupon and they're always giving out coupons for buy one, get one free cocktails.  The appetizer we ordered was really good although I don't remember what it was called..it was some kind of crab dip and it came with tortilla chips.  It was delicious. For dinner I ordered the coconut shrimp and she got some sort of chicken fettuccine pasta.  They were both really good.Our waitress was really friendly and it was great service except for the fact that our food took an abnormally long time to arrive. She apologized and we ended up getting 20% off the check. Other than that, it was a good, fun experience and I would definitely eat here again.  And another thing, the music they play is absolutely great.
3	Kahunaville wasn't good, but it wasn't horrible, horrifying, revolting, or any other adjective with a really negative connotation.My husband and I went to Kahunaville for lunch. We sat outside on the patio, since we'd just come from the T.I. pool, and we didn't want to go up to our hotel rooms, change, and then eat inside. The service was friendly, but a little slow. The food wasn't good at all, but we had just gone swimming and were starving. I remember the fries as being particularly bad. Maybe they were fried too long or something. Just...yuck. I ordered some kind of fish sandwich, and it all just seemed like it was straight out of a middle school cafeteria. Well, maybe a half-step up from a middle school cafeteria, to be fair. Let's face it, though: When you're in Sin City, you don't want middle school cafeteria food.If I was starving, I wouldn't be opposed to eating here, but if I had the time to go somewhere else, I definitely wouldn't eat here again.
3	I wasn't quite sure how many stars to give this place so I went for the middle. Here's the reason why:I love calamari. In fact, I consider myself a snob when it comes to this dish. Living in Las Vegas these past couple years, I was getting fearful I would never taste good calamari again. Then I went to Kahunaville! Awesome dish. I think what makes it soo good is the tangy sauce that comes with it. Yummie! Also, the drinks are not that bad either. I ordered a margharita specifically the way I like it (skinny girl style) and it was made perfectly. My friends also enjoyed the speciality drinks from the menu while we were there. However...The speciality drinks were way overpriced. Also, while there for dinner with my friends (same mentioned above), we had a confusing and baffling experience which brings the rating of this place down in my mind. One of my friends is pregnate and therefore watching what she is eating. That night, she ordered the nachos, which she had been craving. When placing the order, she requested the peppers and olives be on the side. Also she asked that the gouda cheese not be included. When the dish came, it was exactly as described in the menu but not as she had ordered. Good thing she and her husband had also ordered a plate of chicken wings. The waitress was wonderful to take the plate of nachos back to the kitchen to get the order corrected. BUT she then returned w/. strange news-  the kitchen refused to change the order. I have never been to a restaurant that would not be willing to give a customer what they wanted. The cheeses apparently were pre-mixed. No problem for my friend. But the kitchen still refused to serve the peppers and olives on the side. My friend canceled the nachos order and instead decided to get french fries. A half hour later and the rest of us (a total of 6 people in our party) were finished with our plates and the fries had still not arrived. When all was said and done, my friends paid more for the 1 speciality drink (they got a free plastic cup- whoopie!) than for their meal-- one plate of chicken wings.Therefore, I give this restaurant 3 stars:Great calamari and margharitaHorrible kitchen service and overpriced drinks. Oh yeah- the plastic cup was tacky as well. My advice- only go here for the appetizers and a couple of drinks but nothing else.
4	I WANT TO BE A BARTENDER HERE...GRANTED I DON'T KNOW HOW TO BE BARTENDER BUT IT LOOKS FUN HERE! This place is so much fun! I met so many people from all over just by having dinner here! it's a very friendly and happy atmosphere! If you have never been here, you can find this place in Treasure Island! The food is your typical bar appetizers so don't expect gourmet here but the big draw are the bartenders that throw and "flare" bottles ala Tom Cruise in Cocktail! It's like a mini show and customers that are there really get into the show! If you just want to have a good old, casual fun time in Vegas, you need to check this place out but be forewarned, if you order a large drink, be ready to swim in it cause their large drinks are MASSIVE!
4	Kahunaville!  My first time at an Oxygen Bar.Flavored air, a shot of Smirnoff, a Red Bull (now Monster, I think), and a massage for $20.There are TVs everywhere, so this place has a sports bar feel to it, while the bar is in the middle, with all the bartenders atop doing their fancy juggling tricks and pouring shots directly into the eager mouths of surrounding alcoholics.  Woot!If you want to relax with a drink and some fruity air, and a lady massaging you for 10 minutes while drunkards yell on in the background, come here.  Is it really Oxygen they're giving you?  Who knows.  It smells nice :)
4	I had great (and friendly) service, tasty calamari (in a spicy sauce that I couldn't stop eating enough though it made my chapped lips burn), and some kind of fruity lemonade drink that the waitress recommended.Booze - "Would you like a small, medium or large? The large is $22 but you get to keep the cup." Oh, Vegas.... you truly ARE special.I think Seattle has spoiled me a little, though, because I was rather disappointed when I learned that the only thing they had on tap was..... bud light (or something of the sort).I missed out on the bartending contest and all that because I was headed to Mystere, but this was a pretty sweet place. Oh and the "loudest section of the bar gets free shot" contest sounded like fun! I almost watched part of the contest after the show, but there were just too many people in there so I took off.
2	I didn't eat here, but I can't believe you who ranked this more than three stars!I repeatedly did not enjoy getting hassled by the incompetent door person, sitting at sticky tables, overpriced, badbadbad tropical house gin drinks, stupid stunts, or loud bad music.  The oxygen bar is a gimmick.
1	I hated this place.  $22 for a crappy cup with a bunch of slush and no alcohol?  What a waste.
3	Didn't eat at Kahunaville, didn't experience the regular bar or the food.  The setting of the place was ok, but it was leaning a bit more on the corny side. Somewhat tropical setting with a sports bar type of feel.With that said, they had a pretty good oxygen bar. It was the last night of four that my buddies and I were staying in April 2009. The girl working there hooked us up to a few of those oxygen tubes and gave us a shot of flavored vodka (Smirnoff shot bottle of your choice) and a can of Monster to dump it in. It was kinda funny in the sense that here we are trying to get over our hangovers and they just give us more liquor, but it is Vegas, lol. After inhaling and exhaling for a few minutes, she gave each of us back massages with some sort of vibrating massage device. My buddies and I sipped on our drinks and talked while she made her rounds on us. The oxygen flavors came in four which you breathe simultaneously. You could turn down the notch of one flavor so you could smell another one a bit better. Honestly, I couldn't really tell the difference between any of them. After the massages she would use a tingly wire device to massage our heads.Later during the massage, a cute little girl in a little Hula costume of some sort came around selling lays and beads. We bought some and socialized a bit and then it was over. The overall experience was just ok because it was my second oxygen bar during the trip and I had a better one to compare it to.If you want to visit a kick ass oxygen bar, go to the one at Fashion Show Mall, they explain more of the devices that they use and do a few extra things (no, not what you're thinking, lol) including a small wired machine that stimulates your muscles and scented oils you can inhale. The name of the girl at Fashion Show was Nicole and she did an awesome job! I forgot the name of the oxygen bar at FSM, so I can't yelp it. If you know it, let me know! Thanks!
4	This is the best service I have ever had at any place in TI.  The waiter Aaron was friendly, took pictures for us, had our drinks filled the whole time, and even made sure our glasses were full so we could take them with us when we left.  We ordered the 25 dollar mega appitizer that comes with a ceramic volcano erupting with dry ice.  The nachos were amazing.  We filled up on the appitizer, it was so good.  It was fun watching the bartender toss up the bottles trying to flair and drop them.  It was a fun place to have lunch with my friend on her birthday.
3	After lots of poolside fun in the sun at TI, the bf and I needed a little snack.  Kahunaville was the convenient choice so we decided to give it a try.  We ordered the sampler platter which included coconut shrimp, mozerella triangle sticks, ribs, nachos, and their version of "jerk chicken".  The food was devent, but definitely nothing to write home about.  The food was served on an oversized platter to give the illusion of  "huge portions" but honestly I could have eaten the entire platter myself.   LOL.   And the fake out jerk chicken needs to be taken off the menu - it gives true Jamaican food a bad name.
5	We were at TI for dinner, hanging out, and to see the Siren show (Ugh). Wandering around the casino deciding what to do for the rest of the night ie. looking for a bar. Saw Kahunaville, thought it looked pretty cheesy, like that rainforest restaurant but for adults. A band was playing, so we thought "what the hell, lets have a drink and try it out". Good decision. Sat down, got a few drinks. Not cheap, but not outrageous. The band was awesome. Five guys playing covers and every few songs they got someone from the crowd to sing karaoke.  The DJ had a few games and really worked to get the crowd jazzed up. The bartenders were awesome, did a bunch of flair tricks. Didn't try the food.Most fun I had on the Vegas trip. Better time than the fancy clubs and a lot cheaper.
4	This place wasn't bad.  It was really convenient for breakfast on our way to the pool in the morning.  The breakfast food was decently priced and good.
3	I saw that they had polynesian ribs and was handed a 20% discount card walking into Treasure Island so I figured I'd give it a shot.  The party bar side was too loud to think. But would probably be fun with a group of drunk friends.  The restaurant side looks, well, spill-friendly comes to mind.  There's an odd fountain show along one wall that they showcase by lowering the lights... They shouldn't showcase it.The ribs were good and a full rack, but nothing to highlight.  My server said they were the best in Vegas, but I've had better at the chain Tony Roma's downtown.The only reason to come here is for the drinks.  They make a great caipirinha and the party bar side is all flair, all of the time.
4	I stopped in here after seeing Mystere because it was literally right outside the theater.  Got one of the tall "Vegas Vacation" cups of strawberry daquiri ($23).  Turns out there's no alcohol in the slushy drink but they add it in layers when you order a drink.  So there was probably about 7 shots in the drink and then add the 3 shooters that are floating in it.  Needless to say that after I finished it in about 45 minutes I was stumbling a bit on the walk home.  The atmosphere in the bar was fun and the music was good.
4	I came here with a large group (10+ people) for dinner. Service was excellent considering that the one server who helped us out was able to satisfy the requests of just about everyone in my party. The food was really good and visually outstanding as it was decorated very island-esque. I wish there was a little bit more variety in the menu, but I guess you can have confidence in anything you choose here because the few items that they do have are delicious! I'm glad that we randomly decided to eat here. It was definitely an undiscovered pleasure that we all found satisfying.
4	The food was good loved the omlette and french toast they were delicious with their hashbrowns for breakfast. The lunch specials they had for 7.50 were good to especially the chicken cesear wrap so yummy. Their cocktails were good but pricey. The service was excellent also donate to the cancer societys that they have they give You a cute braclette or necklace with every donation. They also have flair bartending by great mixologist. When I return to Vegas I'm doing the oxygen bar that they have. The service is ok that's why I put minus one star.
3	This review is strictly on the restaurant, not the bar.  The food here was ok, nothing too much to brag about really.  I had the Shrimp and Chicken Stir Fry with teriyaki sauce ($16).  The presentation is kinda funny because they use a Chinese To-go box tipped over with all my food falling out onto my plate.  Uh...ok.  What was kinda cool was the musical fountain show inside the restaurant.  It was entertaining the first time but after 4 rounds of the same music, it was getting annoying.  I probably won't come to the restaurant again, but the bar is always a hit with their master flair bartenders.
4	Dear Kahunaville, Your flair bartenders are pretty bad ass. Especially the cute little Italian one that I let drain a pineappley alcohol concoction into my mouth from his position standing on the bar in front of the whole bar.The oxygen 'bar' area is kind of a joke. I see how it could be appealing to get a drink, 15-20 minutes of 'oxygen', a little massage from the magician of a hostess for $20 but it just was not appealing to me at all. So you can imagine my disappointment when my friend said he was purchasing the experience for me. Drat. I really dont like shit in my nose at all and Im paranoid about germs. But that magician girl appeals to you and doesnt really give you the opportunity to say no. I swear, she put a spell on me and everyone else or something...Anyways! I am honestly not exactly sure how great or not great this place was to be honest. Apparently the drinks were awesome because they were on the table, in my hand and then gone away. Quickly.It is located wonderfully in relation to the bathroom. A definite necessity for multiple reasons. Score.Thats about it. Not much to say.Good drinks, great pics, wonderful time. (:
4	went here twice - once for an early dinner, the other strictly for drinking.both the food and drink are Some Sort of Tropical. for dinner I had pork "tournadoes", and was intrigued as to how and why food could become a force of nature. it ended up being two pieces of roasted pork (almost like mini-steaks) wrapped in bacon, aka The Greatest Thing On the Planet, a large helping of mashed potatoes with a spicy gravy and a fried plantain, and steamed Asian vegetables. it wasn't perfect, but certainly not bad, definitely filling, and wasn't expensive.the drinks are not too strong, but not weak. a fair balance for any thirsty sea dog. I think I got addicted to Rum Runners while here...live band karaoke here was a ton of fun! after some friends and I ditched Tao, we came back to our hotel (TI) and went to Kahunaville, where we stormed in with a pile of the BOGO drink coupons handed out by girls in the lobby, proceeded to get more loaded, and sing. yes, we're not Billy Idol, Steve Perry, or Bryan Adams, as much as we thought we were, but we had a ton of fun and everyone seemed to enjoy it.after live band karaoke ended, the DJ played music and there was some dancing - mostly old-school hip hop, some rock, and even the Fresh Price of Bel Air theme song (epic win!). at the same time, while the music was loud, you didn't have to destroy your voice shouting to talk to someone.next time, I'll wear my eyepatch (I brought it on this trip, left it in the hotel room of course).
3	Three stars because my burger was very good, cooked well, and I had a delicious drink.The poor waiter was not very good, however. Couldn't tell if he was fairly new and struggling (though it was about noon on a Monday and not very busy) or if he should just move on to another profession. Overall it was like a gimmicky tropical TGIS's
4	Kahunaville is another one of my favorite places to take my out of town visitors. I would strongly suggest going here for dinner and make sure you get a seat in the bar area not back in the restaurant. The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing! They put on a fantastic flair show hourly. I have seen this show probably 125+ times. Every time I see it I am impressed! The drinks are very touristy and moderately priced for a restaurant on the strip. The food is good! I would personally suggest the Nachos! Its not gourmet, but their take on island food is decent.You will definitely agree that seeing the show is worth the time to stop through and have a few drinks!
4	We had a great time at Kahunaville for night one of a bachelorette weekend.  We were all dressed up in our bachelorette attire, ready for Thunder From Down Under, so we were in the mood for a good time!  Kahunaville provided.  We sat in the bar area since the hostess told us it was more fun.  She was right.For a Friday night, it still seemed surprisingly quiet, but we made it fun.  The bartenders show was great fun (total cheese, but fun all the same) and we got free shots out of the deal!The food is acceptable normal bar type food (lots of deep fried whatevers) and the drinks are a little overpriced (when it comes from a machine, I think I should pay less), but it was still perfect for the night we were hoping to have.
4	Kahunaville is becoming a tradition for me and my friends when we hit up Las Vegas. On our first night in town, instead of hitting up a nightclub, we opted to go to Kahunaville for drinks. It's always a party at K-Ville. Between the flair bartenders, the live band, karaoke, tropical inspired cocktails and music/music videos, I always have fun.They have an extensive drink menu with speciality cocktails. Frozen margaritas (complete with gummy worm garnish), huge smoking cocktails served in a glass bigger than my head, or even just beer or a well drink, they got something for everyone. My friends even asked the bartender for a cup of gummy worms and they hooked it up. My favorite cocktail is the Luau Lemonade. It taste exactly like cherry lemonade from Hot Dog on a Stick. I kid you not. It's made with citrus vodka and some other mixers. Don't be fooled by the great tasting cocktails, they do creep up on you. A few rounds later we were all pretty drunk and having a blast. The live band sang a weird but fun mix of songs (from Usher and Snoop Dog to George Clinton) and they definitely kept the party going. There's also a restaurant located in the back. The menu is like a Island T.G.I.Fridays. While the food in the restaurant was a bit overpriced and had small portions, the bar itself is worth a visit. If you're in Vegas and don't feel like dressing up to go to a crowded nightclub, head over to Kahunaville, sit back, order a few cocktails and enjoy the show. I wish we had one of these in California.
3	Came here to watch UFC104.It's like a Rain Forest Cafe minus the annoying @ss animatronics.  Because nothing sucks more than eating TGIF type food with a robotic silverback ape going...well...going apesh%t.$25 minimum purchase per head if you want to stay and watch the fight.No problem.  Let me get 3 Goose and Tonics please.  Oh and that gimmicky sampler platter with the dry ice volcano so my boisterous  buddy can be entertained for a couple of minutes.We watched the fight (Shogun Rua should've gotten the decision).  The douche bag behind was being annoying. You know the type.  The son of dirty tramp thought he knew it all.  Telling other people that they were wrong.  Giving his two bits when no one gave two sh%ts what he was saying.I had had enough!  I channeled all my anger and ninja skills into one glorious fist.   I was ready throwdown with him.  I turn around and see that he's a mean looking 6'5 and 250.  Then think to myself that he's lucky I had a fresh drink to attend and that really, I'm too nice of a guy.  If not, I would have mashed out that fool.  I go back to my Goose and tonic.I wouldn't come back to eat dinner here.  Cuz really, the food is pretty weak.  I would comeback to watch PPV events.  And next time, I'm fighting that giant douche rag and putting on my own PPV and knockin' that fool the f@ck out!  Holla-atcha-boy!Smitcha, wake up.  Get your head off the table and finish your drink.
3	Here's the scoop on what we had to do for UFC fight night:$25 minimum per head for sitting here during the fight. You can order anything to meet that quota, drinks or food.We ordered the sampler. Just like Eugine Y said, our friend Johnny G was highly impressed with their smoking volcano in the middle of the plate. He kept poking at it as if the lava was going to splatter any minute on his chin. The appetizer was alright. Nothing great.Service was good and apparently I should have hitted on the hostess because from what my friends supposedly said, she was giving me the eye. Call is modesty, I didn't believe it. She was cute though. Kind of reminded me of a girl who I lost my..... nevermind.Side note: the main fight dragged a bit so I started to fall in and out of sleep. Now my buddies including this one ex-blonde chick who wasn't even there, keeps reminding me of it. Yay!Make a return? Probably not.
2	One star for the absolutely lethal mai tais served in giant glasses overflowing with plastic palm trees and other flotation devices that literally knocked me on my ass, and one star for the Swedish bartender who is a triathlete and pilot in her "off" time that thankfully did not knock me on my ass.Come on: this is Treasure Island and Christian Audigier has a nightclub here, that's enough to keep me away for life.
4	Amazing chicken BBQ sandwich. It was probably the best sandwich I have ever ate - seriously, look at the picture.  You will want to go to Vegas and get one right now....They would have got 5 stars but we went down one afternoon/evening and they said they closed cause it was slow. FML on a Friday?? In Vegas???  That was a bummer.My wife had a steak salad thing, which she said she enjoyed, and my good friend and his wife had the same as my wife and I and enjoyed their food too.I had a virgin pina colada and it was yummy too.  I really wanted to go back and try other things, and spend more money with them, but hey ... I guess they need to STAY OPEN for that to happen!!! hahahaah
4	The drinks started off our mid-morning....as every day should while in Vegas. These were your typical super fruity looking tropical style mixed drinks that come with all sorts of tacky stuff shooting out of the top of the drink which makes it all the more fun to drink. The food was delicious as well. I had the shrimp & scallops kabobs & the sweet/ hot chicken wrap with shoe string fries please! I inhaled it all and stumbled onto the next place.
4	I always enjoy Kahunaville's food and drinks. Recently we had some great crab spinach dip with fresh made herbed tortillas and coconut shrimp with a wonderful curry mustard dipping sauce. They have a great casual menu for anytime of day and extensive drink menu. Sometimes you can catch the bartenders doing a little "flair," which is always fun. Saturday night they have a live band that backs karaoke- talk about rockstar!
3	What a wonder...it could be cheesy, it could be wildly entertaining, it can be college like BUT all in all its outrageously FUN!Atmosphere:located in TI (Treasure Island) hotel & casinolive band with DJdance floorlarge square bar with bartenders on each sideno lines, no coverbartenders:amazing bartenders who are champion flair bartenders - wildly entertaining!! you ooh and ahh while they do flair tricks (every 30 min?)Fun factor:Flair bartenders who show off their skills while the crowd cheers for their bartender. At the end of the performance, the bartenders jump on top of the bar and and give everyone free shots...by pouring it in your mouth! Great live band who will get each person moving on the dance floor with their hit list musicI am a fan...it seems touristy but it is a chill place with an atmosphere of its own. I had a great time without taking on the lines and high entrance fees. Plus I dont have to be all decked up and dressed to the nines.
3	stopped by here on NYE to grab the tall glass of margaritas before we hit the strip.  the vibe and atmosphere was pretty chill with a live band playing.  the place is pretty small so it got crowded.  there were at least 4 bartenders working that night and i got my tall cup in a jiffy without waiting in line.  the bartender was pretty generous, which is always a plus.  I liked how they top it off with a bunch of cherries and gummi worms...and i mean a bunch! plus 4 extra test tube shots. wow!  i think it was just me cuz i took a look at the other people i was with and they only had 2 extra shots with 3 gummi worms and a cherry.  $25 for one..which wasnt too bad i guess.
3	Say whatever you want about this place but it is fun. The crowd is a lot of middle aged overdressed, over exposed women. The band that was playing was average. (Although that guy could dance like MJ!) The bartenders are cheesy. And make the drinks weak. But overall, I had a blast. I also ordered some chicken wings here one day and they were delicious!
3	I think you need to be drunk here.A big group of us went here for one of my girlfriend's birthday (she loves all that is Hawaiian).  We all had fruity, crazy drinks including the birthday gal who had some crazy blue drink in punch bowl which was smoking and had sparklers in it.  We all had pretty basic, unmemorable food which probably all had some sort of "island" twist to it.The more we drank, the more fun it became.  So, we drank a lot.  That's what I would suggest you do if you find yourself here.
4	I discovered this place after an incredibly stressful day of travel.  I just wanted a quiet, late lunch.  Something light and a nice chardonnay.  Well, although the scallop and shrimp appetizer was not that great, it was a perfect place to unwind and just do some people watching.  There were some that had smokey, magical looking cocktails and others at the oxygen bar reviving with a massage, oxygen and an energy/vodka drink.  I did plan on returning to try that - for a mere $20.They also serve breakfast and I must say that the Eggs Benedict with homemade breakfast potatoes were sublime.  My husband enjoyed his omelet with thick sesame toast.I missed all the night time action but it sounds like a unique experience ; )
4	They have a really cute show there but it doesn't last very long. Our waitress was very friendly and helpful except the part where she put the napkin on my mom's nap. The food had a great presentation but it wasn't enough chicken in their stir fry but the cute take out box made up for it. The girl went around selling bracelets almost made me feel bad because it must suck to do that. The dessert was good but was a tad sweet so watch out for that stairway to heaven ice cream.
3	Dropped by to grab a quick bite before what I hoped would be a long tournament in the poker room.  It was a quiet time of day.  It seemed a lot more lively when I passed by later.  I kept it cheap and got a lunch special of 4 mini sandwiches.  Three of them were good, the fourth had some sort of mushroom sauce that I didn't like.  Best part - the fries!  Best fries I have had in a while.  Thin, crispy, and seasoned well.  I'm not always a fry fan, but I finished the whole pile.  3.5 stars for great fries and getting out of there for $14 with tip.
4	bartender show and competition was cool.. they also have fun live music.. great venue to just chill and grab a drink.. watch a sporting event.. we checked out UFC
3	Great drinks, great service but it greats REALLY loud with SUPER drunk people by 5pm anyday of the week. Appetizers are huge. Try the Nachos.
4	I was totally impressed by the bartender. My friends and I were informed that the bartender does this regular show mixing tons of drinks all at the same time in front of a lot of drink aficionados and he would serve it all to them afterwards. We got lucky that night when we went to Kahunaville because he did his routine. It was awesome. I got a free drink for my birthday too! Fun-tastic!
4	I think I'll always have fond memories of Kahunaville - particularly because of their super-sized fancypants margaritas (love love love), and I'm definitely not a margarita drinker.
4	I didn't eat at Kahunaville but I just thought it was really, really cool that they let me go in just to watch the UFC fight for free.  They were advertising $25 to watch the pay-per-view fight and there was a crowd of people at the front trying to get in.  I just squeezed to the front and asked the guy very politely if I could please just watch the Rampage/Evans fight, he checked my ID and let me and my husband in for free.  Cool!  Now, I want to eat here next time just because they were so nice.
2	came here for lunch...wish i had made a different choice. the seating process was fine, but the service was horrible. if you ask for no onions on your medium burger you will get lots of onions and a well done burger. order a sandwich with horseradish, prepare to get none. water was barely kept full the whole time.. service was just overall really really pooor. 40 mins to get food, and another 10 to get our check. longest lunch of our hungover life. save the trip and time.. maybe i went on a bad day.. but tuesday during summer season isnt and shouldnt be a bad day. never coming here again.
4	I came here after looking online for an oxygen bar.  I had been fatigued after two nights of partying and didn't have time to take an actual nap.  The girl that was working there, Rachel, was really nice and explained the services included with the $20 spent here.  I was only supposed to be hooked up to an oxygen machine (four per machine, 8 machines total), but ended up accidentally staying there for about 40 minutes.  I also got a scalp massage and my back was massaged with these battery operated massagers.  I also got my choice of either a souvenir glass or a shot of Skyy flavored Vodka (shooter) or a Monster energy drink.  Since I was already exhausted, I just pocketed the alcohol.I did get some peppermint oil on my palms which I made sure to inhale so that my sinuses were cleared out.  Not too bad.  Honestly, I felt like the oxygen therapy worked.  I came in exhausted and walked out feeling re-energized for a good 6-8 hours after.  I haven't had a chance to try out any of the other oxygen bars here, but I thought that I at least got my money's worth AND made a new acquaintance.  All in all, the service was great.  Can't complain.  Will definitely be returning to this location for another visit.
4	This place, across from the Mystere in TI, is delightfully hokey.  The flair bartenders put on a good show and the atmosphere is very lively;  the two may somehow interconnect. The drinks are strong!  Beware.   The food is kind of disappointing; the entree menu is as tacked on as a strip club's buffet.  You're here for drinks and flair, all of which go good with the cheap finger foods!There are plenty of free shots and comped drinks, even if you're not a guest.  A rad and intoxicating place for a low price, drinks were under $8 and 2-for-1'd, and their free shots felt like seven... fun!
5	This place has the "restaurant" side that's family friendly, and a "bar" side. Came here for lunch as soon as we checked into our room at TI because we were too damn hungry. We got these coupons that were buy a lunch entree, get one free. They have their own special drinks there, and I forgot what my boyfriend and i ordered, but they were both pretty damn good. My bf and I both got a sampler plate that had 4 different types of sandwiches and their shoe string fries. Fries were bomb, and the sandwiches were all pretty good too except the PIna Colada chicken. It was too sweet and just had a weird taste. The Mushroom Chicken sandwich was to die for!We left and later came back to see if we were able to buy a yard, but I guess they're only sold at Harrah's now, so we bought a half yard. The bartender that made it for us hooked it up!! 10 shots of tequila, 10 shots of I think it was Midori? All for $28 bucks! She topped it off with some Monster because I was feeling a little tired because I didn't sleep that much the night before, and she told us her shift ends at 5 PM so if we came back in time, she would refill out half yard for $10!The bartenders also do "shows" with the shaker & liquor bottles. Throwing them around in the air and shit. Pretty cool to watch.
1	Food sucked.  Overpriced.  Avoid. Thats all you need to know.
4	Stumbled upon this place when my boyfriend and I were in Treasure Island. We sat at the bar and only had drinks, so this review is not food related.Since I am allergic to alcohol, I got a virgin strawberry mango margarita. The presentation was nice, pretty colors "pink and orange", and it came with a gummy worm in it. But it was a bit sweet and I normally like sweet stuff, but this was too sweet. It was probably the mango. But it still tasted ok.My boyfriend got The Monstrosity, which came in the big souvenir cup. And he loved it. We both thought it was pretty cool how they put the dry ice into the drink, which made smoke and made the drink bubble. He said it tasted good too (which usually means that it is not a girly drink and has a good amount of alcohol in it.) I think the Monstrosity is his new favorite drink... too bad we live in san francisco.Definitely will drag our friends out here next time.
3	Came here last weekend for the UFC fight (Anderson Silva and Chael Sonnen). Since there wasn't a cover charge and you were only required to spend $25 a person.  Which is a nice deal, since some place charge a flat cover of $10-$20.It's pretty laid back atmosphere and service was pretty good. The drinks were good and pretty stiff for the prices.However, the food absolutely SUCKED. Some of the appetizers we had such as the nachos and mozerella sticks were good but its pretty hard to mess those up.  The entries are close to $20 a piece, and just didn't taste very good. The Teriyaki Steak was way too sweet and spicy cashew chicken was better at panda express.They also charged us a 18% gratituity even though we only had a party of 5. When asked why, it was because it was a special event due to the fight. Be on the lookout for coupons since they usually have a girl passing them out at the escalator adjacent to the restaurant.  This can range from anything from Buy 1 Get 1 Free drinks to Half Price Dinner Entries.I'd come here again only if i was watching the fight. I would just get the drinks and stick with the appetizers at best. other then that, I would avoid!
3	Coupons were very misleading.  Received a buy one entree, get one 1/2 half.  This coupon did not apply to hamburgers?! Food was good but very overpriced.  Burgers and fries were very big and good.  Recommend splitting with another person.
1	If you positively rated this establishment, either you were drunk and were in a different Restaurant and couldn't remember what it was called or you're use to paying people who physically abuse you while wearing little clothing and lots of straps. Kahunaville is by far the worst place you could probably go to in Vegas; maybe the later evening party scene with flare is why people who rated this did so, but seriously... you're a moron. We went here the first morning we arrived in Vegas, there were three couples waiting for assistance at the front desk which had its sign for the waiting area actually pointed down the hall away from the establishment... OK what ever... we stood at the podium, and we stood some more; finally 15minutes went by and we got our name on a list along with 1 other couple; the third was told to wait. Every few minutes someone would come up and look at the list and run away. We left after 30 minutes. Later that day we complained to the manager who met us at the front desk, she seemed very nice but was one of the people who was providing poor service that morning. She claimed that it was abnormal since she had 3 employees call in sick that day and invited us to return, a meal on her to receive great service that they're known for... boy was I an idiot to accept. We went in the next morning, and though we were sat quickly we saw our waitress 3 times... she took our order, she dropped off our food, then she dropped off our bill. A coffee carafe means, I DO NOT have to come back to fill your mug or talk to you again, and after having sat there for 10min after my food was delivered to inform the waitress my steak and eggs breakfast was wrong is pathetic. The eggs which were ordered Over Medium, had very little yoke on one egg, the other was NONE, the Steak which was ordered Well Done was dark on the outside but bloody rare on the inside... basically grill was way too hot and it burned the outside while the inside of my steak was cold and VERY red. I was told they could re-fire it, but what's the point of throwing a burnt raw steak on a grill? How does that solve it? I told the waitress not to worry about it, wasn't her fault even though she should have known by looking at it something was wrong, and should have informed the cook not to give her that crap. We didn't pay for our meal, but the manager never stopped by to make sure we were taken care of based on our first horrible attempt to visit, and the staff was running around completely lost, I saw 8 tables inside, and two wait staff plus 1 hostess who's entire plan to seat people was "This way" then walk as quickly to a table as she could, drop the menus off then abruptly leave, most the customers couldn't keep up with her. The food here is fairly pricey, the service is downright rude if not generally nonexistent and the cooks probably couldn't handle a hungry-man TV dinner in a microwave.Constantly you'll see women in Hawaiin clothing trying to give away coupons for free drinks and money off your meal, they do this because once you go there you'll not want to return.
4	Kahunaville is an okay bar.  It's at Treasure Island. The drinks are just as good as any drinks you can find anywhere else.the thing that gets it one more star is that they put on a show.  The bartenders put on a show and they say that whichever side is loudest, they'll get free shots!  They each put on their show on their respective side.  The secret is that EVERYONE gets the free shots - they already poured it anyway.  These shots are not too strong, but hey - free shots are free shots!It can get pretty wild in there on a Saturday night - wild as in yelling, boobs, old ladies trying to make out with the bartender, and pretty much random things like that. Once, even the bartender couldn't put up with an annoying lady that he sprayed her with the spritzer!Bottomline: This is a pretty nice place to just get a drink and maybe see the bartenders put on a little show. BUSY on a Saturday night, empty on a Sunday night - it all depends on what you prefer.
2	The hostess here was R-U-D-E!! We came on the day of a major sporting event and asked to be seated where we could watch the game so she proceeded to have a small hissy fit about that. You can't really sit at the bar if you are planning to eat because the video poker machines built into the bar top make it impossible to set a plate down anywhere. Other than that, i was just OK. The food was alright, drinks were the typical Vegas scam. Halfway through our meal a girl in a bikini covered in leis and other beaded jewelry came to solicit jewelry for some cancer benefit and when I said we weren't interested we were met with a blank stare for several moments before she wandered off to the next table. There are better places to eat on this end of the strip.
2	Much like the rest of the strip, this place is ridiculously overpriced and the food isn't that good. If you're hungry but don't feel like a sandwich, entrees will run from $25-$35. Go to a Buffet and get your money's worth of food, if not in quantity at least it'll have quality.
3	A MARGARITA. LUNCH SPECIAL-Makai Crabcakes.  Yum.  SERVICE: We got there a bit before lunchtime.  But, we got seated right away.  we didn't sit outside because it was 105 degrees out....a bit too warm for us.  FOOD:  I ordered the Makai Crabcakes.  Not cheap at $20; but, you get what you pay for.  These were a good lunch selection.  Yum.  DRINKS:  We had the Margaritas to drink.  Those are hard to mess up, but it was pretty good.  I highly recommend getting drunk there.  ATMOSPHERE:  It's set up sort of like a mix of Carribean and Pacific Island decor.  So, it was neither a pure Bahama nor a Hawaiian theme.  There was a water/light show while we ate.  The lights dimmed and colored lights came on the wall.  GO THERE AGAIN?: Sure, I'd go there, if I go to Las Vegas again.
5	We had a small wedding reception *12* on Sept. 10th 2010.  The staff was amazing.  Very attentive.  The show was awesome.  They even cut, plated, and served our wedding cake.  They went above and beyond to make sure we were treated special even though we were sitting with the rest of the bar patrons.  We loved it and can't say enough good things about this place.If you are ever in Vegas, stop by TI and visit Kahunaville...ask for the Big Kahuna...but take a cab home.  JUST SAYIN.
5	i really enjoyed my dinner at Kahunaville! my boyfriend took me here for one of my many birthday dinners in vegas. we stayed at TI so it was really convenient. we got seated right away as soon as our drinks came the place was packed! we got there right on time.But however i don't remember what drink i got but it was insanely delicious!!!!! i got another the next day and watched one of the shows there bar is crazy when the bartenders to those tricks and its a rager forsure.We ordered the Sampler platter. (paradise sampler) it had wings mozzarella triangles, ribs, jerk chicken, coconut shrimp, served with nachos,  and we ordered a side of crab legs. it was SOOO much food!!YUM!!!!
4	Good food (the seared tuna was tasty), fair prices (especially for Vegas) and they show the UFC fights on multiple screens with no cover (you just have to buy $25 worth of food or drink per person, which is about what i would have spent anyway).Nice servers and it's a chill atmosphere.
3	This review is purely for the bar.First off, the wait was a little long, it took it about somewhere between 5-10 minutes to get service..I ordered a strawberry mango margarita and my friend ordered a pina colada. It was really sweet, so if you have a thing so extra sugary drinks, this place does it over the top. Personally I could've done without so much sugar because not only did I get drunk but I was on a sugar high. The drink was also strong, you could taste the alcohol, which I suppose is good since you get what you pay for, along with the half yard drink came 3 of those chemistry looking test tubes filled with alcohol, mine came with tequila and my friend's came with rum. So it was kinda cool that we got shots to take with our drinks, extra DRUNK! She even topped it off with gummy worms and cherries. So thumbs up for getting me drunk but I rather would've gotten a Fat Tuesday, but because it was raining I didn't feel like walking
4	Okay, let me admit I was shocked that the food here is good. From the outside, it looks like a crazy loud bar with the flair bartending. That's great if it's what you're looking for but we wanted dinner before Mystere (which everyone should see). I was pretty amazed to be taken to a table in a separate part of the restaurant where the noise was a tolerable level and where we could eat comfortably. I ordered the Halibut and scallops plate because I wanted something light. Well... YUM! The fish was excellent, the sauce delicate and tasty, the jasmine rice so good I was eating it on it's own. Really, this was the best meal I've had in the Treasure Island hotel, and for the price etc I was really blown away. I definitely recommend this one.
4	I have every right to love this place! If you search the web you can find some awesome coupons for BOGO entrees( up to $20 value) and BOGO drinks. If you can't find them they still have some cute girls outside handing out other money saving coupons. I was so hammered but I remember enjoying my halibut and scallop dinner and my friend's prime rib dinner wasn't bad either. With the coupon we printed we ended up paying about $30 bucks for 2 great dinners!I went on a night that there was a Michael Jackson cover band playing and who was sitting in the audience? None other than Michael's dad, Joe......awekward lol. The band was pretty good, the bartender's were friendly and gave free shots at certain times and the drinks were pretty strong. The only thing I didn't like about this place was the fact that we got the same waitress two nights in a row and she seemed less than happy to see us. I know we might have been a bit drunk but we did nothing to deserve bad customer service =(
5	I Absolutely Love this Bar! It's fun, exciting, never boring, drinks are great... and the Bartenders are really cute (STEVE) Whom, was my bartender several times. Every bartender at Kahunaville is a flair Bartender and i must say everyone of them are amazing! I never really ate the food, but it looked good. They give out free shots to everyone at the bar every few hours or so. I've been very drunk leaving the place but every time that i went there, i had an amazingly Great Time!
1	A friend of mine was staying at Treasure Island  a few weeks back, she invited me to lunch, and me not being one to turn down free food decided to head down to go ol' TI and pick her up. I was really hoping she would be open to dining Off Strip but alas, when I met up with her she pulled out her coupon pocketbook. Oh lordy!She had a 2-for1 buffet coupon as well as those pesky Kahunaville coupon strips the girl in the Hawaiian getup hands you at the bottom of the parking garage escalator. I voted for the buffet but she wasn't "hungry enough to eat at the buffet", she assumed she had to make three trips and stuff herself, tourist mentality for sure.As we headed into the garish Kahunaville restaurant the hostess asked if we would like to sit inside or outside in the pool area. We chose the latter.The first red flag should have been the fact that we were not escorted to our table but rather told to turn right, walk down the hallway, and then turn right out of the doors. The outside patio was covered and had misters which was a plus.After waiting for one table to have an order taken and drink refills for another table (a good 15 minutes) we were finally asked by a waitress what we would like to drink. We told her we would like to use our one free drink coupon which she said was fine but that we wouldn't be able to use any of the other three coupons during this visit. That stunk especially because we wanted to use the "Buy 1 entree, get one 50% off" coupon as well.After another 10 minutes, our drinks arrived. Mine had about 10 melted ice cubes and tasted like a watered down blue mess. After complaining about my drink the waitress explained "Oh, it depends who the bartender is that day." What the heck kind of answer, fix, or apology is that? Then the waitress finally got around to taking our order "Did you decide what you want?" Obviously, since we have had 25 minutes to study the entire two page menu!The food was okay, nothing to rave about, for the same price you're better off eating at the hotel cafe. The waitress made no apologies for our experience, blaming anything we complained about on the bartenders or cooks. The couple next to us even addressed the fact that the service was horrible.While my friend picked up the tab I still felt like I was cheated.
3	When I think of Kahunaville,  "shit show" comes to mind.  (But not necessarily in a bad way)In the evenings, this place is loud. Crazy loud. And everyone is pumped to be there.  Who wants a free shot? I do. Let me scream into the megaphone. Pour a shot in my mouth. Let's watch the bartenders flair it up. Amazing.We never did eat there, but the drink was great and the people watching was even better.
2	I don't care if you're in a hurry or you're tempted by the cheesy decor. You can do better for late-night bites. Ignore the coupon girls. $5 per dish for late night doesn't require a coupon; it's the normal price.It claims to be a bar, so it blasts Top 40 music videos (especially remixes), but at least before midnight you'll just see people sitting around, wondering why they can't find a waitress to take their order.If you insist on eating here, skip the chili dog and just split the nachos and quesadillas.
4	Here's the deal about Kahunaville:  I've never walked by without seeing a girl out front distributing 2-for-1 food and drink coupons.  In fact, she'll give you an unlimited supply if you keep walking past her.  Moreover, the bartender will accept an unlimited supply (on a single check!) and won't even hold you to the times specified on the coupons.That being said, follow these instructions:  (1) Order the VACATION.  (2) Order another VACATION.  (3) See #2.The Vacation is citrus vodka, coconut rum, peach schnapps, cranberry and pineapple juices.  The bartenders are generous with the liquor, and these WILL f*ck you up.  At $5-6 apiece, they are a deal with the coupons.The best meal deal is the basic burger.  I was too far gone to remember the actual name, but it was huge, tasty, and came with a ton of fries.We missed the flair show this time, but have seen it before, and that's a good time to pony up to the bar for free shots.  I'm just saying...
5	Okay, Kahunaville isn't classy, but that's just not what you should be looking for at TI in Vegas. I went with Justine H and Liz B, for Liz's birthday dinner before clubbing. We experienced good service, and unfortunately a loud crowd divided for the Lakers / Celtics NBA championship game. I wasn't a fan of the sports bar panorama of TV screens. The Hawaiian Sliders were amazing and super rich. Hawaiian buns with chorizo, onions, cheddar-jack cheese, and some sort of spread. It was too large to finish, I could only finish 1 and a half of the plate of sliders. I was peer pressured into getting an enormous tiki drink, I can't remember the exact mix. They make the drinks STRONG. A roaming photographer took some pretty cute pics...they weren't really worth the steep price. I personally loved the flair show. The bartender was super skilled and an impressive juggler. He was super generous doling out a free cocktail and shots. Perfect for those who love tiki kitsch and light entertainment to start the night out!
1	BAD! BAD! BAD!We were lured in by the infamous coupons handed out at the bottom of the escalators leading in to TI from the tram stop. The original plan was to head over to RA sushi for happy hour, but the convenience of not having to walk over the bridge in the cold lead us in, against our better judgment.Hostess = very rude. This should have been warning enough to turn around and leave. We were ignored for a few minutes before being lead to our table, were we then waited another 10 minutes for our equally rude waitress to acknowledge our presence, breaking the news:Although though the coupon girl assured us that we - party of 5 - could each use one of the free drink  or  2-for-1 drink offers she handed us, we found that not to be the case once inside. One free drink coupon OR the 2-for-1 entree coupon would have to be shared amongst us. Bait and switch much? especially because she made it a point to hand each of us our own pile of worthless paper. We should have left then...Because we had a guest-list invite across town, and didn't want to waste anymore time walking in heels to find another dinner spot, we stuck around in the interest of saving time. BIG MISTAKE. After dropping the no-coupon bomb on our table, the very rude waitress disappeared for another 10 minutes - at this point I should mention that we were 1 of about 3 parties in the whole place, and there was another waitress working in addition to bar tenders, and bussers - Growing impatient, we ordered our own drinks from the bar and brought them back to the table, using a 2-for-1 and a free drink coupon amongst 3 of us. We got back to the table and the waitress, seeing our drinks, rolled her eyes sarcastically snapping at us "I see you're all set on drinks". we should have left then, but of course, didn't. Rude waitress proceeded to take our order for two entrees and an appetizer to be split. She disappears for another 10 minutes.   Upon returning, the waitress hands us a check for just the appetizer, and tells us that she's clocking out and the bar will be handling our order from here on out. I would later find out that we had reached the transition from full menu to "late night $5 menu"  in the 45+ minutes we had spent waiting around inside the restaurant.  Puzzled, I went up to the bartender we had ordered our drinks from and explained that we were confused as to what happened with our entrees (whether or not they were still available, or if the order had been put in etc) and then told him "it's no big deal, we'll order a few more $5 appetizers, if that's all that's available". The bartender had NO clue as to what was going on and said he'd find his manager to "take care of it" "finally" I thought, "someone who can figure this all out" By the time the manager made it to our table, we had been waiting in the restaurant for nearly an hour. Our appetizer (the nachos, which weren't half bad, but definitely not enough to split 5 ways) had arrived via another waitress who - not surprisingly - had no clue as to what had happened to our entree order and couldn't help us with ordering more appetizers. Keeping with, what I can only assume now is company policy for staff/customer relations, the manager was extremely rude. We explained the situation, told him we were in a hurry, and that we didn't care if we got the entrees or not but did need to feed everyone in our group asap - as we had a set time to meet a promoter. We got a short and annoyed response from the manager, who said he'd check it out and be right back, which he was 5 minutes later to let us know the entrees were on the way. "great" I though...Fast forward nearly 30 minutes later, and STILL no entrees. Most annoyingly, the original waitress who was helping us had walked past our table 4 or 5 times while helping rope off the area we're still sitting in STARVING. Our single appetizer was gone, our mediocre drinks were gone, and we decided to follow suit. On the way out the door, the manager blocked our path, saying, in a Creepy Mc Creeperton tone "where are you going, your entrees will be out in 2 minutes". Another party member - fed up - reminded him that we'd been waiting 45 minutes since our "waitress" took  said order, pushing past, as I barked over my shoulder "I'm totally yelping this B.S."so here I am... 1)  I know this wasn't indented to be a gourmet dining experience.2)  Yes, I know it's at T.I.3)  I'm aware of regular coupon policies.  but seriously!Pressed for time, we ended up having a taxi driver drop us off at Sonic across the street from The Palms. When I'm actually choosing to eat Sonic over any other establishment, it should speak pretty loudly and clearly as to how EXTREMELY BAD, the experience was.I would however rate the teenage, minimum wage earners at Sonic 1000 x better than the folks here!
4	came here one night because i had coupons for bogo free drinks.  i didnt know what i was in for.when i asked for a screwdriver (because i'm hardcore) the bartender didnt just poor it, he gave me a show by flipping the bottles and glass in the air.  i remember seeing that in movies before and thinking how lame that looked, but seeing it in person made me giddy like a little girl.it wasn't a lot of people, but there was a lot of energy there.  they had a contest later between the three sides of the bar.  each side had a bartender doing there tricks while they made a big drink.  the loudest side got free drinks, and after a couple of minutes of cool drink making, the mc declared everyone a winner and free drinks for all.  *scream*I would come back next time in vegas.  just don't go on a saturday nite.  it was pretty dead, but i think thats because everyone goes to clubs that nite.
1	WOW! look at that bartender spinning those bottles to prepare my drink! look!keep lookingGEEZUS! just give me my freaking drink already! i don;t think anybody is watching you do that!just outside the entrance to this place, someone will hand you coupons to free drinks (buy one get one free) same goes with meals.this is a bad sign already!when walking in you feel like this is a reject child of the rainforest cafe that never grew up out of its teen years.(it makes sense to me.)this place does stink like sewagethat is no joke.. something was up with that.beer selection was minimal.didnt try the food but the wings looked as if they were made of rubber....bottom line... walk past this place.you will find something better.
3	This place was LOUD, but it's open late and the snacks are better than what you find at the other restaurants at TI so late in the evening.  Aside from the decor and drink list (with lots of fruity, tropical-sounding drinks), I'm not sure why this place is called "tropical" on the sign.  The music was basic Top 40 stuff, and the appetizers were standards like nachos, quesadillas, and sliders.Service and quality were both pretty much average.  I definitely wouldn't go back during the day or evening, but it's not a bad option when it's getting later in the evening and most places are closed.
2	Vegas...They know how to promote their businesses well, handing out coupons so you can go check out their place. I've been fooled over and over again..What does this mean about me? That I'm compulsive? I hope not.My sister and I wanted to find a place to drink before heading off to a club and enticing coupons were offered. "Buy one drink, and second one free".As we entered, the crowd was a mixture of middle-aged couples to groups of friends who looked 21. The bartenders did fancy tricks with bottles lke what I've seen in the movie "Cocktails", but much worse. They needed more practice, much more practice. The DJ/announcer kept yelling and trying to pump the crowd up, screaming "who wants free shots? You gotta scream!" It's a pathetic rendition of the movie "Cocktails" and the food wasn't alll that great. At least the bartenders were nice and entertaining.
4	I've always had a blast at Kahuanaville and so glad that Susan 1 and I found this little gem... First, I have never had the food here...the only reason why we make this a "must do" in Vegas is because their drinks are always spot on but it's their oxygen bar and the staff there that keeps us coming back. This is always a stop on every one of one of our trips to Vegas primarily after a few too many cocktails and we need a moment to breathe in some fresh oxygen, watch some cute guys and chat it up and refill on our drinks and get in on the scalp and back massage. I always have Skky Pineapple and low carb Monster here. It's a PERFECT pairing-yummers. It's located right by the escalator to the tram so perfect place to see it all and not miss a beat.
2	Oy. Where do I start? The fact that we were constantly given coupons already gave me the preconception that is was a tacky bar before I even saw the place. And what a place it was. Think a Rainforest Cafe without the children and an oxygen bar (I still don't get Vegas' fascination with those), then add many different random aspects and there you are. So anyways, I used a 2 for one drink deal, and got my mom a margarita while I had a bottled beer. The bartender was very nice and tried to make conversation after seeing I was from Missouri (do I look like I go to Mizzou?!). He also did some flaring which was entertaining to watch (I have rarely been in a bar where they flair so that one was easy). However, the quality of my mother's drink was meh. It looked like he just opened up a frozen mix and plunked it in without any alcohol. This also came with a separate shot of tequila, which makes me think like they didn't try with mixing anything. My beer was good, but that's because they didn't have to make it or handle it outside of cracking one open...So overall, I would say avoid or think of them when you think you want a good deal in Vegas.
1	Absolutely horrible! I took my boss there along with several clients and couldn't have been more disappointed. Background, I've been there a few times and been happy but my first time back in about 2 years.The guy flipping bottles was breaking them everywhere and appeared to be whacked out on meth, I'm being serious. Then he auctioned off the drink he made for $50, are you kidding me?!?! He wasn't even adding the ingredients while performing and would just randomly pour something in a metal bar cup and then shook it up and took forever to try to rack up his "auction" price.Honestly it was a joke and we left after one drink. Sad, depressing and made you have an uncomfortable feeling.
1	Went there for dinner with business associates. The food was terrible and the service was crap. If you need a restaurant in TI, go to Asle instead.
5	I don't know about the other reviews but this place is amazing. Went on a Sunday night and had a blast. Had free shots, danced just a great time.The bartenders are amazing!!!The drinks where very good, specially when you ask them to make you something good, they customize you a drink yummy!!I can't wait to go back.
5	Located at Treasure Island, Kahunaville is not only known for their Hawaiian island tasting food, but also known for their flair bartenders that entertain there on a nightly basis. I came here a few times, and I love their food. Especially their Paradise Sampler. That right there, just fills you up. If that doesn't fill you up, most likely their big portion of food probably will. But their sampler, has everything on the Appetizer menu, plus a smoking volcano, literally, a smoking volcano. No matter how many times we asked or that our friends asked, you can't take home the volcano. The presentation of the Paradise Sampler is something you'll remember about Kahunaville. Usually you would probably get full from the Paradise Sampler, but there's always more, much more. One time I ordered a chicken wrap, which I would thought it would be something small. Unfortunately its a big ass chicken wrap, probably as big as your foot, or close to it. But overall, they have big portions and sure enough it will surely fill you up, if the sampler didn't. The place itself is very nice, very colorful. One room has the bar, and there's another room that has a mini water show. It is very roomy and spacious that you won't have a problem moving around. I recommend this place, for its food and its scenery. The Paradise Sampler is always my preferred Appetizer, it just amaze me on when they bring it out, that the volcano is smoking. Even though I know its just dry ice and water, but it add pizazz to the presentation. Kahunaville is truly, one of a kind restaurant.
2	2.5 stars...Came here for breakfast because we had a coupon...$6.99 for 2 eggs, bacon, taters and toast. Doesnt include drinks and that's where they take the value of the coupon and shove it up your ass. $3.25 for the liquid tar in a cup and another $3 for the thimble of cranberry juice. The food came out quick and it was pretty good. That said our meal was interrupted by the pitiful water "show" that went on. Typical chain style and they seem to love the crazy bartenders that spin bottles in the air and then charge $18 for shitty drink, but that's not my bag.
3	We stopped for dinner here before going to see Mystere just for the convenience factor, but we were worried about what what we were getting into.  Fortunately, the food turned out to be ok.  The salad wasn't worth eating, but the stir-fry entrees were good (overcooked chicken and mushy rice, but flavorful and fresh tasting).  We got 50% off on our entrees from Tix4less, so the bill was quite reasonable (for Vegas). Service was adequate, but not much more than that.If this place was at home and charging these prices, and if I had paid full price, I'd feel jipped and give it 2 stars; however, it's ok for relatively inexpensive Vegas dining especially if you want to make sure you're on time for the Cirque show.  I can't comment on the drinks, but we watched some of the theatrics at the bar, and if we were into partying, this looks like a great place to do so.
1	Ugh gross.  My family and I visited Treasure Island for the first time and were searching for a good restaurant that was somewhat affordable.    We checked the menu here and decided to try it.  Bad mistake.  The waitress was rude and hardly bothered to come over to our table (8 of us and we all were thirsty)  When we finally got the food, eh, for the most part it was OK but wayyyy too pricey for what it was.  My stepdad ordered the steak sandwich and it was so tough when he bit into it, he had to pull on it and the bread came off.  ...not how a steak should be cooked!  He did not end up eating it and let the waitress know what happened.  The so-called "manager with a mohawk" came over and said he will let the cook know.What????  Finally, at the end, it was taken off the darn bill and they gave him a big bowl of ice cream since it was his birthday, but that still doesn't make up for being rude and disgusting.
4	So it's kitschy, touristy, and basically a Rainforest Cafe with a whole lot more liquor involved. That said, Kahunaville still holds a special place in my heart.The drinks are pretty overpriced but decently alcoholic - I really liked the mojito (they're generous with the limes and mint!). When Martin M and I had a cutesy little date here (and by cutesy, I mean we even had our pictures taken by some random photographer and actually bought the print), I had the crab salad. It comes in this little plastic coconut shell and just exuded "island themed party". It tasted pretty good, even though the crab was pretty obviously the canned variety.Recently we came back on a double date and the four of us split a bunch of the appetizers (appeTEASErs? hehe). The sliders were awesome, as was the fried calamari, which comes with a red curry sauce. The nachos weren't really my thing, but what I did like about them was their peculiar resemblance to chili cheese fries fresh from the pier. Our server was hilarious and we wish we could have bought him a drink!For all four of us, a light dinner with cocktails ran about $60 after those spiffy coupons they hand out right outside the restaurant. One day we'll have to come back to check out the bar (and the oxygen bar!). All in all, a pretty fun way to start an evening in Vegas, especially with TI being centrally located on the Strip :)
1	Eeks, stay away. My friends and I came here only because we just arrived at TI and we were starving! I wished we starved ourselves a little longer and went elsewhere, oh well, lesson learned. Here's the scope, the service was slow and the food was bad. You'd think, we being so hungry, anything would've tasted good but nope, didn't happen. We ordered a varety of appetizers and entrees including the island crab dip (dip was sitting out for too long, it was cold), luau shrimp (overcooked), coconut shrimp (ehh), mozzarella triangles (sitting out for too long, the cheese was hard), hawaiian sliders (okay), nachos (again, sitting out for too long, the cheese was too dense), ahi salad (okay), crab cakes (yuk!)... There you have it. I think if the our server didn't take too long to bring out our food it might have turned out differently.. who knows, all I know is I'm never coming back.
4	The ambiance was fun. There was a water fountain show while we ate. We shared an amazing cocktail too. It had dry ice in it and bubbled. The food was great. The shrimp cocktail was the best I've ever had. My boyfriend at the stir fry and it was so good, I wanted to steal his dinner.The service was also very accommodating
2	Scaled down version of rainforest cafe! Water show was lame. Food was less than average.Wish we could have sat at the bar...Looked fun but it was full. Would not go back just for the bar! Only pro was that we did not have any problems with the service and waiter was pleasant.
2	Nothing to write home about. However the Treasure Island tries to give you a bunch of coupons for it. So, in that sense I would give it a whirl. Did not have the food.
3	This was a nice Hawaiian-themed restaurant with a very active bar in a separate room...which was good for us because the karaoke singers were so bad they would've dented steel. In the restaurant area they have background music and several televisions for sporting events.Our waiter was friendly and fun. The foo-foo drinks on the menu were hit and miss. One had a hefty shot of alcohol and another one tasted more like Tang, the breakfast drink. I did not get one of the giant globe-shaped drinks. I was trying to pace myself...for a change.The menu had a nice selection. The food was good. There were three of us and we split the appetizer sampler platter. The wings were very good. The two mooses with me gobbled up the coconut shrimp and BBQ ribs, so I assume they were equally as tasty. I had the spicy pasta and chicken dish. As I like spicy food, this could've been spicier. Someone visiting from Minnesota might have melted.I would think about coming back here again.
3	We were staying in the Treasure Island, and this place is on the first floor of the hotel, so it was convenient and we had received coupons upon entering our room, so we figured we'd give it a shot.  Between the decent food, huge portions, good service and fun atmosphere, this place gets a solid three stars. I had been to one of the locations in Minnesota several years ago, but only remembered that information once we sat down.I wasn't knocked out, but it was a good experience, so I will give you some info about what my boyfriend and I ordered...Bang Bang Shrimp: It tasted good, but there was tooooooo much creamy sauce on it which made it super rich.  I only ate a small amount and had to box up the rest because of the heaviness.  I ate it in small installments over the next couple of days, so I may recommend sharing this dish with someone.Chicken Teriyaki Stir-Fry:  Again, a huge portion, and a good taste.We ordered "island drinks" and though they were very tasty, they were over-priced, not surprisingly, and didn't seem to have very much alcohol in them.  The decor is very fun, and the fountain light shows are amusing.  Maybe not worth the money, but I'd probably go again if the opportunity arose.
3	This was our second visit at Kahunaville. The first time we went, we had breakfast and now we had lunch. Their breakfast burrito was enormous and I remembered that I was fighting to finish every last bite (because I don't like to waste food nor take it togo when I couldn't get to a microwave). This time around we had the teriyaki glazed chicken wings, the cuban sandwich and the island chicken wrap. The best plate was probably the wings...it was juicy, tasty, and leaves me wanting more. However, the wrap was a bit dry and the cuban sandwich was ok...I thought that the bread was too thick and I've had better cuban sandwiches before. We also ordered the tortilla soup...there was nothing special about it. The service was great, our server was very attentive and nice.
4	Good breakfast burrito at a good price.  Large portions.
4	Kahunaville might not be the classiest bar in Vegas, but it was definitely one of the most fun!As we were staying at TI we thought we'd check out which on-site bars would be best to start our evening. Just 60 seconds from the elevator, we stumbled across Kahunaville. Blaring live music, whooping from the crowd and chants of "shot, shot, shot!" drew us straight in. Each night before we headed down the strip, we came here to have a drink or two. The live band on Friday and Saturday nights (Atomic Milkshake) were a great way to kick off the night, playing everything from Ray Charles to Oasis. Really talented, very entertaining. The drinks were a little pricier than we'd hoped - around $10 for a single and mixer, but that seemed to be the Vegas way. Also, with free shots around every corner, we could hardly complain!But what do you do when the party's over? Head back to Kahunaville for a go on their pure Oxygen bar. All traces of my hangover disappeared after half an hour with one of the friendliest girls we met on holiday. Free drink and massage too. Great for groups of girls looking to get the party started.
4	Smaller than most clubs or lounges but very energetic.  You'll find people who don't like the crazy crowded meat market overpriced cover come drinking and dancing here,  the bar usually has some sort of free drink special and the band is entertaining.  It's a nice break from techno house remixes you find everywhere else in Vegas and still manages to please most musical tastes.  The drinks are very pricey though so you have to take advantage of the specials so you don't feel completely taken advantage of.They have a late night happy hour with pints and $5 apps so its not so bad late at night.
1	Let's just say I went there on july 8 and i got charged twice on my credit card. I just placed one drink order and I got slammed! Im not sure why this happened, but bar patrons BEWARE!!!!
3	A fun place to go to for about 20 minutes or so before your real night begins, although I'd really only recommend this place if you happen to be staying at Treasure Island and want to stop in at some place to pre-game.  Very energetic venue (bordering on psychotic), but if you come on the right night (like we did), you might be able to catch the bartender show.  Even though it was a little cheesy, it was still cool to see all the tricks that they could pull off with all the bottles.Stop in if you're staying at Treasure Island.
5	i was walkin thru the casinos and heard yelling..and we made our way towards this party bar..the bar tenders were doing amazing tricks..better than any entertainment iv ever watched in a bar. the men are muscular and hott..super friendly and take care of u. the music was awesome..i jus wish i wasnt so broke..i wouldve eaten ther too...LOVE this place
4	This place was excellent. We were going to the Phantom at 8:30, and we needed a quick stop for supper. My wife and I stopped in, and we decided to split a steak sandwich. It was excellent. Even better, there is a fountain show in the restaurant, which goes off every half hour or so. We didn't get over to the Bellagio this trip, so it was nice to get a water fountain show, at least in some sense. Our waitress was nice and pleasant, and the game was showcased on the television in a perfect location for viewing. There is a bar attached, but the restaurant is somewhat secluded to make for easier conversation. Good experience at a pretty decent price.
3	Came for dinner and drinks when we stayed at Treasure Island. Food was good, especially with the coupons given to us by the hotel. Drinks are too freakin expensive. We paid $18 for each large tropical drink. Totally not worth it when you a pretty much drinking fruit juice. They hardely put any liquor in their drinks. I'd much rather walk over to Aria and get a stronger and tastier drink for $22. Service was friendly and attentive.
4	This is our favorite place to have lunch when we're cruising the strip and not wanting to stuff ourselves. On our first trip here we had what we thought was going to be a plate of nachos, something to snack on. It turned out to be a ginormous platter of Nachos. We ended up getting out for about $25 including drinks... This time we opted for the appy sampler. More expensive, around $25 but it did have a neat-o volcano on the plate. So this meal was a little more pricey, around $35 with drinks, but still pretty reasonable. I don't think we'd come here just for the cocktails as we aren't the fruity drink kinda people, but definitely for our midday meal.
1	I agree with Jamie D.Ugh.No joke, I find this place extremely disgusting. We stopped by briefly because I got Treasure Island confused with Circus Circus thinking they both had some kind of entertainment area for kids like theme park games. Anyway, we stopped for a quick bite before our show...a decision I quickly regretted.I asked for some lemons with my order of ice tea only to find it rotten and stinking. Our order of cocktail shrimp was also in the same condition - molding and smelled fishy...definitely not fresh.About an hour later both my boyfriend and I felt sick to our stomach. For fear of food poisoning and being stuck at a show later that evening, we threw up just to get it our of our system.Also, horrible service, our server was no where to be found and had to ask for refills twice, this restaurant needs to be shut down!!
1	some girl handed each of us some stupid "buy a drink at Kahunaville get a shot for free" card as we walked through TI.  Continued on to see the TI "pirate show" then went back inside to grab a drink (and supposedly free shot).  Were seated, handed menus, saw waitress when we walked in, waited 10 minutes, and couldnt see anybody in sight other than the bartender juggling an EMPTY bottle of Captain Morgan and the host was talking to some random guy outside.We left.  Suck it.
1	This was the first place we went to upon arriving in Vegas, and it was a terrible welcoming. We found coupons at our hotel and we decided to try it. I didn't know what to order so I decided on the mini sandwich sampler. They were all pretty terrible except for the french dip. My friend ordered a crab cake sandwich for I have no idea what reason. As stupid as it is to order a crab cake in the desert, it was as bad as you'd expect. It was pretty expensive and inedible. My boyfriend got the Cuban and it was confusingly bad. It was dry but oily? We were cheap asses and took it home, it was better cold and dipped in ranch or ketchup.The only plus was that the bartender let us use a second coupon for a free drink. Not bad drinks..
2	we have been here a few times when we we go to vegas and its usually good...It was mediocre at best this time and our server had no personality at all.They wanted $27.99 for a 6 piece shrimp dinner!! Um, no... Our food was so so. Husband got the pork tenderloins and they were over cooked and his potatoes tasted like they were out of the box instant ones...Our kids got chicken fingers that were standard.Go there for drinks again maybe, but the food has gone downhill.
2	Boring... Perhaps this place is jumping at times other than when we visited but I was sorely under impressed with this place.The food was average and nothing really stood out. And hell, all the drinks are overly expensive. $9.50 for a drink the size of a small styrofoam cup? This is Vegas right?Anyways, the experience I'm sure is greater when its overly packed and has more going on. Perhaps if people are drunk enough when they arrive, it will mask skimp and over priced drinks, and the bland atmosphere during its off peak times.
3	Not many places to kick back and relax in Treasure Island, but we enjoyed this place three times in a weekend.  It was relaxing for lunch and drinks and in the evening times it lit up.  We ate breakfast here before we headed back to town and while it was good the people seemed a bit stressed and it showed.  That's the only reason I gave it 3 stars instead of 4 or 5.  Good place and we would definitely be back here.
5	Love the crab cakes and the wonderful rice!  The drinks are cold as you can get!  A must if you enjoy a good time.  The bartenders are awesome, feels like you are in a Tom Cruise Movie if you know what I mean!Music is fun, wait staff service not great, but worth it for everything else!
5	Awesome deals if you come here after 10PM. Also nightly flare bartending competition.
4	Kahunaville was a welcome retreat after a long (and very eventful) weekend in Vegas. The breakfast Island Stuffed toast was rich enough to share and definitely helped cure the effects of any late-night-shenanigans. Floral garnishes provided a nice tropical feel too. The water and lights show seemed to be missing something though... oh yes, the animated animals of Rainforest Cafe! Never mind, I'd take tranquility over gorilla sounds and the staff shouting "Volcanoooo" any day.
3	I was suprised how much I liked Kahunaville. Sandwiches are all very reasonably priced- around 11 bucks- and very large. The drinks are spendy like most of Vegas but be nice and they pour stiff. I highly recommend a Bombay and tonic yard. Our server was very friendly and professional, She did a great job especially since one of my group pulled a rude dipshit maneuver with an empty ketchup bottle.
4	We saw Cirque du Soleil and didn't want to head back to our hotel, so we chilled at Kahunaville.  Some girls were handing out coupons outside, even better.  Didn't eat anything, just drank and hung out.  $8.25 for a well drink- eh.  They had this huge mixed drink with dry ice for $23 bucks!  Very tasty (like a Ruby Relaxer from Ruby Tuesday's) but I don't know if it was worth the price.  But hey it's Vegas.  Nice, entertaining bartenders (one of them even sang).  GREAT band.  Good DJ, but he replayed some of the songs.  In a 3 hour time window, not necessary.  It was a small crowd since it was a Wednesday night, but we still had a good time.
3	Kahunaville is what it is..... and for what it is the food is decent. They serve all three meals. We started the day here as we had a $6.99 breakfast coupon. That $6.99 breakfast was awesome and so worth every cent. The coupon allows you to get 3 eggs any style, toast, home fries, and your choice of breakfast meat. The portion is pretty hearty and it's darn good too!!!!! The best part is that they apply the coupon to everyone in your party. For Vegas, this is great value.We came back for dinner that night out of pure laziness. I wanted the French Dip sandwich, but they're pretty strict and won't let you order from the lunch menu during dinner. Oh well.I ordered the chicken tortilla soup instead. The chicken was just alright. I am pretty sure it was pre-cooked chicken strips (a la Perdue) and the broth was chock full of tomato chunks. I didn't notice any other veggie. The broth was flavorful, but the soup itself lacked substance. For cocktails, I ordered the All Mix'd Up drink - it was a mix of flavored vodka with cranberry juice and soda water I believe. Yum. My girlfriend had the Otter Pop. It tasted just like an Otter Pop - super sugary and sweet.My girlfriend had the hamburger sliders. These were DELISH. They mixed the ground beef with chorizo and topped them with cheese. Holy flavor explostion. They're served on mini Hawai'ian rolls. SO GOOD.I'll definitely be back here for breakfast (if I have the coupon), but not sure I'd have dinner here again. Not worth it.
1	Lunch/Dinner: Food was terrible.Server recommended ribs - tasted terrible and had chunks of cartilage or something. I've had baby back ribs plenty of times, but never did it have so much random chunks of bones and cartilage. Maybe just a poor cut of ribs. I could only eat 1/5 of the ribs before I just gave up.My company ordered miso salmon - enjoyed it.An hour later we both had extremely sour stomachs.
5	The best damn french toast on the planet!! Everytime I go to Vegas I stop here to have breakfast. This isn't your ordinary, run of the mill french toast that I'm talking about. On the menu it's called "Island Stuffed Toast" It's actually thick slices of texas toast stuffed with fresh strawberries and cream cheese soaked in custard and deep fried. Wash it down with their delicious coffee and you're good to go, that is if you don't have a heart attack first.
4	we came to meet some folks for the UFC fight televised here last saturday, right as the last fight was over. no matter, because the place cleared out and we got a seat right away. i was still full from a buffet frenzy earlier, but always have room for some margaritas. i had 2 and damn i was pretty drunk after that and several more before coming to kahunaville. my wife had the crab sandwich and it must have been good because one second it was on her plate, and the next second it was gone. the bartender flair show was cool and even moreso when they started handing out free shots. i love it when chics are drunk....then i don't have to try so hard. kind of a cheesy place, but the servers were super nice and that's what vegas is all about.
5	Good strong drinks for the price.  In a convenient spot to stop by at whether coming or going.
2	2 stars for trying, but Kahunaville just doesn't cut it....I had been here once before years ago and this place didn't deliver then. However, they make it look so fancy on the website and in the Treasure Island ads I caved. I saw a groupon for this place and knew I had an upcoming trip to Vegas so I figured why not?Well, I should have remembered my first experience here. I thought this place would have a real fun vegas like atmosphere with an island theme. The atmosphere was more like applebees which I hate.They tried, but they once again failed to deliver. I had the Bang Bang Shrimp which was way way too spicy. I kept on having to ask for water then got tired of eating it. The person I was with had the chicken parmesan and didn't like it at all. Margaritas were close to $10, ridiculous. No thanks, I won't come back again like a fool.
4	I am writing this 4 stars based on that I come here for one thing and one thing only. Actually two things, alcohol and UFC. If you don't want to pay a huge cover Kahunasville shows UFC that you can watch with a 25.00 minimum. That is almost 75.00 less than some other places. The food is pretty good too!. You will feel like you are in a jungle oasis in the middle of Las Vegas.
2	The service of our waitress was very rude and not professional.  Sat for 20min never came back to take our order. Food didn't taste good. It was too salty.
1	Got a groupon here for $26. The food quality has definitely gone downhill from when they first opened. It used to be great fresh food, they have gone to frozen and it doesn't feel like they rotate items. I ordered hibachi shrimp and chicken.  I'm Asian so I know rice, what they served could be described as hard rice kernels, that are almost as if they are old and have been sitting out with a few that taste as if they have not been cooked through. The shrimp was rubbery and the chicken dry with sauce on it. My hubs had the bang bang shrimp, the only bang thing about it, was that he wanted to bang his head on the table because they were terrible. It was battered shrimp( the small shrimp with 5 coats of batter) with a semi spice sauce, over a bed of "rice" ( refer to above for description of rice)  they have great alcohol and that is what you are better spending money on.
5	Had a GREAT meal here consisting of the coconut crusted shrimp. My wife had the halibut and it was cooked perfectly. Our son had the hot dog kids meal and the dog was gourmet style and the fries rivaled those of the Burger Bar where we dined the night before. The service was spot on and they earned a 25% tip.I'll admit it was not cheap but you get what you pay for.
4	I dined at the cafe at TI before, and had a horrible experience. So, I was a little worried when I dined at another restaurant in the hotel. However, my experience was completely different here. The food was amazing, the prices were reasonable and the experience was great. The portions seem small when delivered, but they're much more filling than they look. Our waiter was friendly, and the service was great.
4	Let me start off by saying that Kahunaville definitely exceeded my expectations!!!!!  My boyfriend purchased the Groupon for this restaurant,so we gave it a try.  The service was great, restaurant is clean and the ambiance is fun.  I ordered the New York Strip steak with cream cheese chive mashed potatoes and vegetables.   My meal also came with a caesar salad, which was served to me before I received the main entree.  I also ordered my steak medium rare, and it was cooked to PERFECTION!!  This was impressive because a lot of places end up over cooking steaks.  My boyfriend ordered the steak stir fry, which was also very good!  The potions were huge, and the presentation of the food was lovely!  Most items on the menu were fairly priced.  I live here in Vegas, so I know that anytime you eat on the strip your meal is going to be a bit pricey!  The drink menu is huge, but due to a long night of drinking the night before, water is all we wanted that night.For dessert we shared a fried waffle, which was delicious! It was served with a very rich vanilla bean ice cream and whipped cream.  Overall I was impressed and I left a very happy customer!  I will definitely be eating at Kahunaville again!   I'm sad I didn't give it a try sooner!  It would also be a fun place to come if you have people come to town and you want to take them to a fun place!  They have live music nightly as well!
1	I'm embarrassed to admit to my friends reading this review that I ate here.It was terrible.  Bad service, dated setting, pretty terrible food, and outrageously "gouging" prices.I sat for a minute at the keyboard searching for a positive... but here it is:  The Bar looked happening.  If I was drunk and 21, and with a bunch of friends, I would have gone.  But then... I couldn't have afforded it.I ate here with my kids and wife, we were in the area, and thought it might be a "rainforest cafe" experience for my 5 year old.Food was plentiful.  Wow... okay, found a second positive.But for what I paid for such crappy food (almost Swill... look it up!), I'm actually embarrassed.Do yourself a favor and WALK ON BY.  Surely, for the love of God, don't drive here to eat.
1	Pricey food that's mediocre as well as service . Best crappy food & service I've ever been to so far this year !
2	Save your $ and eat elsewhere. Their bar is good though.
5	So much fun! Great drinks! Great LOUD atmosphere! Appetizer platter good the big kahuna delicious!!!! Bartenders do a live show flipping bottles and giving out free shots!!! Came here for my 21st bday as our 1st stop had so much fun then came again for my besties' 21st bday and the again for my friends bday!!! ALL three times!!!!! It was awesome except for some random girl that came up and just tried my drink without asking!!!!!!  But whatever can't wait to hit it up again this march for my nieces 21st! Wooooooo
2	Great drinks but don't bother with the food. We have eaten here twice and there was nothing on the plate that made me want to come back.
3	Saturday night was pretty busy because of the UFC fights, we were lucky to find a couple of bar spots to watch the fights. A ton of tv's, the bartenders were really nice. I am not that big a fan of their drinks, very fruity and sweet. They are also not cheap, but hey that's vegas now a days. Would I come back.....probably not a first or second choice.
4	Drinks = delicious and cheapFood = interestingly presented and descentBartenders = crazy with their liquor bottlesService = slow but friendlyI had the All Mixed up drink - something with Monster.  It was REALLY good.  highly recommend.  For dinner I had the coconut shrimp with rice.  Delicious!  I've had better coconut shrimp, but it was definitely good and fine.Overall- good place!
4	This review is for the main bar section. We had just finished a wonderful brunch some where else and came here for the drinks. Our friend had just purchased a Travelzoo Voucher where for $25 you get 6 drinks plus a free bartender show. Since we had arrived early, we thought we were not going to be able to see it because it only occurs a few times in the evening. Anyhow, $25 for 6 drinks is phenominal. We were initially greeted by a very nice hostess named Meena (I don't know how to spell her name, but she is the girlfriend of the bartender named Steve who we would meet later on in the evening) Our bartender Evan was quite nice to us. We were just drinking away having great conversation with each other while playing video blackjack on the tables.I really think too that especially if you are a hot female, you will be treated very well at this bar. Well, we finished our 6 drinks and started to meander around the casino. Well, my friend decides to use the restroom adjacent to the restaurant and she noticed that there was the bartender bottle show. She went back inside and this marketing manager of the bar named Lenny greets her. Our friend tells us to go back to the bar and we have more cocktails. We met Steve the bartender who is the girlfriend of the hostess that we met earlier. The girlfriends who were with me challenged Steve to show us his abs. Well, eventually he did and he did not disappoint with the washboard abs. This is a very laid back bar that had a very friendly vibe to it. I mean we actually interacted with many of the staff here because they were just so nice. We would definitely return back here again.
3	This place is pretty fun. The drinks are neat concoctions and pretty expensive. We went last night and got two entrees and two drinks. With a $20 off coupon it was still $60! But we have gone there before and it is a fun place to go in Vegas! The food was delicious and the staff was friendly
1	Awful service, our waiter didn't check on us even once. We ran out of our tiny juice drinks in a second and we were holding our hands up for 20 minutes and still got no attention. Breakfast is so-so, portions are big, coupons are just a joke.
1	We bought a Living social deal or was it a Groupon deal?Either way the Value was 54dollars and i bought the coupon for 26(didnt think it was a Bad deal at all)Untl we got there-The Menu is as expensive as all get out,then the portion sizes are so small not filling at all.My husband said he could have popcorn when he got home coz he was still hungry(all bad)The food display is pretty but am not there to look at food,am there to eat it.Alcohol prices are prohibitve.All in all I thought It was a good way to try a local spot by a local,but the only thing they made is LOCO!My recommendation is not patronize this establishment,if you have to bring deep pockets and light stomach.My husband and I will not,I repeat will not be returning to this establishment at all.Not even if we win a Jackpot at that Casino!
3	When we arrived, we got seated in the dining room because not everyone in our party was 21, therefore unable to sit at the bar. The hostess seemed a little put out that she had to walk us ALL the extra 20 feet to get to our table, which sort of put us in a bad mood. But, the dining room has a little fountain show that plays every hour, which is pretty neat - think tiny-scale, primitive Bellagio fountains.My friend and I ordered the Surf's Up salad which was made up of iceberg lettuce, shredded cheddar, tomatoes, red onions, cucumbers and croutons (she also got chicken on hers). And these salads... they were HUGE! We could barely finish them! I think the best part was the croutons because they were very flavorful.Our other friend got the Skinny Dip which is a roast beef sandwich topped with mozzarella and provolone cheese, horseradish sauce and served with au jus to dip it in. It also came with french fries which were thin cut, very crispy and DELICIOUS (I know because I stole a few).And last but not least, our other friend got the Big Kahuna Cheeseburger which was topped with American cheese, lettuce, tomatoes and pickles. He seemed to like it a lot, which is always a good thing. (He opted to get a salad instead of fries which I think is a travesty)I'm glad to say that the great food and extremely reasonable prices made up for the hostesses' lame attitude. I would gladly come back for a quick lunch the next time I'm in the area.
4	Went to Kahunaville in the TI Hotel and casino on a Tuesday evening to use our Groupon. The deal was 2 dinners up to 23.99ea including a salad for 26.00. We arrived just as a show in the hotel was letting out so getting to the restaurant took a few minutes. We were seated pretty quickly in the dining room. We didn't want to sit i the bar area,it was busy and while they are awesome flair bartenders to watch, it wasnt what we were there for. The dining area is nice and even has a small fountain show that runs about every hour. We looked at the menu and after a few suggestions from one of the waiters we ordered. Our salads came out quickly and had plenty of time to enjoy them before our meals came out. We had the Bang Bang Shrimp and a chicken pasta dish with peppers and onions,I cant remember the name and both were very good. A good suggestion on the shrimp is to order the sauce on the side. I would highly recommend going with this Groupon deal if you can get it.
3	I didn't eat here, but I did appreciate the girls handing out buy one get one free drink cards outside.  So, I came here a number of times in between March Madness basketball games in the theatre next to it.  Drinks are good, decent pours and the bartenders do all the tricky tricks - almost like they're vogue-ing, but with a mixer or a bottle of vodka in their hands.  They're pretty fun to watch, drinks aren't cheap, but 2 for 1's makes it all worthwhile.
2	Beware..they lure you in with COUPONS.....Other than my nightmare airport experiences of getting to/leaving Vegas this Restaurant probably was the only other bad part about my trip to Vegas. Im usually pretty liberal when it comes to rating a restaurant taking into account service, cost, taste, experience, etc. Mr. WiLL is usually a pretty easy guy to please! however this place and me got off on the wrong foot. First of all I think I was instantly turned off that this Hawaiian themed restaurant had about 0% of Aloha in their menu....I mean I wasn't expecting an authentic hawaiian meal but I was thinking there would be some sort of commercialized Panda Express/Bahama Breeze attempt at it? Or even a few Musubi's would have shut me up when it comes to questioning why this place went with a Hawaiian theme....but seriously the only Aloha in this place was the jungle print menu...that being said they could add a few more fish tanks and called this place the Rain Forest Cafe. However there is two reasons why I ended up here as many times (3 times to be exact) as I did and thats because I was staying in treasure Island and I had a coupon. I've been to plenty of restaurants where service is non existent and it doesn't bother me because usually there is some yummy food that more than makes up for it. I understand why some places may not have the best of service for reasons such as being understaffed, cultural differences (In some cultures if a waitress is constantly coming to your table it means they want you to leave rather than enjoy your food & chat with your party), or just simply not well trained. However when it comes to a Chain like restaurant in a Casino one would think that basics courtesy would be the standard? Not for 2 out of my 3 experienceMy first experience our waitress seemed to be....off in her own world? the place wasn't busy at all but she seemed preoccupied with something ....just not sure what it was. The plastic cups for our beverages was kind of a turn off as well. My Chicken burger was super dry and all the kahuna bbq sauce in the world could not save it...and believe me I TRIED SO HARD! lolThe 2nd time I came here for a drink and the bartender literally took 10 minutes to get to me because he was dancing behind the counter? and the place was dead with only like 3 people sitting at the bar. When the bartender finally took my drink order he totally got it wrong because I wanted one of those cool long margarita glasses and instead got a 10 oz disposable cup......fail....My last experience was breakfast out by the pool....this experience was a lot better! The food was good, our server was actually happy to see us, and made an effort to make us feel welcomed.all in all my last experience is the only reason this place got two stars instead of one....however if you don't have a coupon there are better places on the strip to spend your money.
2	As a foodie, this is not my favorite restaurant in the world. That being said, it has it's place on the Vegas strip.We had a coupon book from Treasure Island and figured, why not save some money on lunch. We are seated at a dingy table in the bar area. There is only one other table with people at it in the whole restaurant. The waitress is extremely inattentive and seems to have zero care for her table. The food, alright, but nothing to write home about.Our last morning we decided to give it one more shot (they have a $6 breakfast special.) As it was a warmer morning, they gave us the opportunity to sit by the pool. The ambiance was MUCH better (though the music didn't need to be QUITE so loud at 9 in the morning.) The waiter this time was extremely attentive and helpful. The food, still mediocre.Bottom line, if you need a semi fast, cheap option in Vegas and don't care much about the quality of your food... go here.
3	Ate breakfast here because we were staying at TI with our kids and they gave us coupons for an inexpensive breakfast at check in. Food was ok, about what you'd expect for $8. The portions were large. Our 2 & 5 year olds shared one breakfast and were unable to finish. Juice & coffee are pricey, probably how they make up for the cheap breakfast. Service was great. Staff was friendly & even offered to take a picture of all of us together. Oh, there's a water show every 45 minutes. Our kids loved that part.
3	One of the cheaper places to eat in Vegas which was fine by us, but nothing to write home about.Got a coupon from a scantily dressed woman that got us 3 eggs, toast, breakfast potatoes, and bacon or sausage or ham for $7.99.  After seeing how much everything cost in Vegas this was a pleasant surprise.Arrived there around 9 30 am and was told it'd be about a 10 minute wait.  Considering the restaurant was practically empty we figured they were just understaffed that morning.  When we were finally seated our waitress was fairly attentive.  She was clearly overwhelmed with the number of tables she was taking care of.Ordered orange juice and I'm pretty sure it was from a frozen can.  I've had better from McDonald's.  My husband ordered a bloody mary which he loved, but it was ~$9.  The actual food was fine.  The breakfast potatoes were the best part.  Toast wasn't bad either.  Eggs were standard as was the sausage patties.  My husband ordered white toast which was actually Texas Toast which he liked.  He also asked if he could have Chorizo sausage for the same price and they said yes.  He was pretty excited about that too.All in all there's nothing wrong with Kahunaville.  On the same note there's nothing spectacular about it either.  Service was a little slow but I'm assuming everything is in Vegas before noon.  If you didn't have the coupon the breakfast was $8.99 instead of $7.99, and even at that price I would have been okay paying for it.  One of the cheaper breakfast places in Vegas, but pretty standard, nothing amazing, breakfast food.
3	Pretty good place to chill and get Margarita!!
5	Every time I come to Vegas with my boyfriend we come here. I really enjoy this bar. The service is great,fast and friendly. We ate here on Friday night OMG,I ate a chicken pasta and it was fabulous! I would highly recommend going here,you will enjoy it.
2	This bar/ restaurant is right inside TI by the pool area. It is not very big, but adequate for parties and they do have a very small dance floor. You can always get some kind of drink special since they are handing out coupons in front of the place.The drinks itself are not very strong and seems kind of watered down with the amount of ice in the cups. Even the couple of shots my gf and I had free tasted like they were lemonade instead of a mixture of alcohol and lemon juice. One interesting aspect is that they have bartenders that actually pour alcohol from the bottles right into your mouth and their is no charge, but my gf said even those were very weak with what they mixed.The drink prices were kind of high, but that is to almost be expected when you purchase a drink inside a casino.
4	Sit outside at a table by the pool and hope you get Holly as your waitress.  She was the friendliest waitress we had in our 5 day stay in Vegas!  We were lucky enough to have her wait on us twice, we loved her!  Food here is good, drinks are great!  You just can't beat sitting outside in the sun by the pool having a bite to eat!  The first time we had a breakfast burrito and chorizo scramble, both were good.  The second time we had steak and eggs and eggs benedict, both were fantastic!  Seriously, we could've eaten another order of the eggs benedict, yum!  Potatoes are just ok, wish they served hash browns instead.  A couple of the dishes came with thick slices of toast which were excellent also!  If you're staying at Treasure Island, this is a must visit!
1	This is my first review and it was so bad, that i made sure i wrote this review...Do not come here unless u love MSG... Food comes out Luke warm and at the price you pay, might as well go somewhere to eat
5	Awe man this place is the bomb! No traffic when I came here last. I had the stuffed French toast, "delicious"! I'm definitely coming back next time I'm in Vegas!
4	If your a foodie then pass on this place, if you like incredible bar tenders who give you free drinks which are stiff then come and enjoy the show. The biggest question is, even without a coupon would I come back, the answer is hell yes. When there to have 6 drinks between me and my girl, but wound up staying 3 hours and eating diner. I would review the food because it's just ok, but the bar scene is fantastic, really it is.
1	Before reading the review below, please note that once I posted this, the restaurant management team reached out to me immediately so they could better understand our experience and use the review below to work with their staff to ensure a better customer experience.  Thank you Kahunaville Management Team.____Yack, wretch, what the hell are these people thinking??  I couldn't find the "no star" option, so I'll stick with one.Where do I begin.....Late lunch, not very busy, we were seated in the bar area at a table in the back.Ordered the wedge salad, nachos and the sandwich sampler.Waited for quite a while for the wedge salad to appear, when it did, there was a metal screw in it, stuck to the blue cheese dressing.  I have no idea where in the heck this metal screw could have come from, but had I not seen it before ingesting, it could have been very upsetting.  That, along with the fact that I couldn't see any green under the mound of dressing, I asked for the replacement salad to have dressing on the side.  I guess the fact that the salad was drowned in dressing made it much easier to identify the metal screw.  Didn't finish the salad.  Was not good, red iceberg lettuce, clearly had been out for a while... Forgave the salad and waited for the rest our food FOREVER.When the sandwich sampler finally came out, at least 30 minutes after the salad (it's been about an hour overall) the so-called food on the plate was practically unrecognizable.  The sandwich buns were so hard you could throw them at a wall and see a dust cloud.  I had to point with my fork at items, and look to my wife to decipher what was on the plate.   We could barely identify the solidified pork ball with a white substance on top, but the other items, where a slather of gravy was involved, we can't tell you what it was. Maybe some dried up meat bits? a fried piece of something? all that and the fries were dried out and dark brown.  The nachos had the lowest quality cheese sauce on them possible and that coupled with the chef boyardee "chili meat" made us both say, that's it! We're outta here!I get it people, this primarily a bar, where people would primarily order bar food.  I love bars.  I love bar food.  This is not bar food, this is BARF FOOD.Now folks, I'm a big hearty kind of guy.  I'm not that picky about my food, but this was the first time, in my entire 41 years on this planet, that I actually left without eating a bite. My wife wanted to just walk out, but for karma's sake, I spent the next 10 minutes trying to find our server to pay for this horrific meal, so we could leave.  When she finally came to our table, do you think she asked why we were leaving two entire plates of food? drum rollllllllllll  nope! She just said, hey have a good day.  Gross.
4	daughter and i were in vegas in april this year,. we had a coupon for  buy one get one free  entree she had mushroom chicken and i had   shrimp and chicken with pineapple.. the   entree  on both was  fresh and  good.. the  plate  was huge i am  headed back to vegas  june  4th.. and  wil  go back here..  yummmmmmmm
2	had a groupon for this place and came here for lunch with my parents.. MISTAKE LOL I guess it was for lunch so it was ok but this is definitely a party bar and so i should have expected the food to not be on par....The portions are huge but everything was too salty - we ordered some type of pasta dish i dont even remember. Even their coffee which was was suppose to hawaiian authentic was watered down according to my parents. yeah i wouldn't go here for food - just for drinks which was buy one get one free with the yelp check in deal. That is the only thing worth it!
4	They were handing out coupons in front of the restaurant for buy one entree get one half off and bogo on drinks.  If you want to use both you have to walk up to the bar for your drinks and double fist them. Out of the five of us four got the stir fry using the coupon and I got the full priced crab cakes that were awesome.  Everyone loved the rice and the service. The total bill for just the food was $100 the drinks were $10.50 for long islands but I hear the price might vary by bartender.  Overall great for the price.
2	I probably would not o back to this place.We went here because we had a free drink (up to $9) voucher from the hotel and a buy one get one 1/2 price coupon for dinner.  They also have a "free shot" deal if you log onto Four Square. The Free shot.  They give you a choice of three different of shots.   I ordered a Kamikaze and the waitress repeated it as a Lemon Drop and I confirmed Kamikaze.  She came back again to ask me what I ordered and I repeated Kamikaze... and I still did not get a Kamikaze.I ordered the Crab Cake Sandwich and my wife ordered the Chicken Parmesan (for the life of me I could not understand why Chicken Parm would be on a the menu of a Polynesian themed restaurant!)  My sandwich was served on a plate that was HOT!  I mean hot like you would expect with an Italian or Mexican dish.  It was like just came out of the oven hot which made no sense as there was nothing to be melted on my meal.  The hot plate wilted the lettuce before it even got to the table.  Crisp lettuce compliments a crab cake sandwich, wilted, warm lettuce really distracts from it.  My wife's chicken parm was nothing to write home about.  It tasted like a store bought chicken patty covered with store bought sauce, and topped with a little mozzarella cheese melted at the last minute.     Throughout our time there, our buy one get one free drink voucher sat in plain view on the table, however our waitress NEVER ASKED US what we would like.  I actually had to ask her of we could order a drink!  This place has an EXTENSIVE tropical drink menu with not a single price on it.  With some research I found that the average drink on that menu is about $18!  So your "free" drink will cost you at least $9 if you order off the menu.  My wife ordered a Pina Colada and I had a Vodka Gimlet.  The gimlet was good but my wife said that the PC, the drink they discounted, was way too sweet and way too weak and she didn't finish it.   After serving our food, our waitress never came back to check on us, NEVER refilled our water and would not even make eye contact with us!  I actually had to call her attention to us just to get some water!This restaurant looks and feels great.  The food presentation is very unique with dry ice "smoking" coconuts or volcano's on some dishes.  The food itself is ok but certainly not worth the price they charge.  It is rather expensive and the service was TERRIBLE!  This could be a really cool place if it operated on the premise of serving a quality experience rather than draining your wallet.Edit:My wife wanted me to point out that when she ordered the Pina Colada, she ordered it made with Malibu Rum, what she got was the sugary , pre-made cocktails they have in the machines.  Once again the waitress got our order WRONG!
4	Over the last several years, I have eaten at Kahunaville a few times.  It's a solid restaurant pick on the strip for casual dining as it has never disappointed me.  This weekend, I had the crab bisque (which was excelent) along with a BBQ chicken sandwich (above average).  On my last visit here, I had the steak salad, which wasn't cheap at about $14.99, but it got an A+.  The fountain show in the restaurant area is a little stale and dated, but the food has always been fresh!!
3	Fun atmosphere and unique, tasty and potent cocktails. Haven't eaten here, but would recommend the bar area for a date night, group event, or night out with friends.
4	Apparently there are great drink deals here (I didn't pay for anything so I don't know for sure) and the bartenders and their bar tricks seemed to keep the girls in our party drooling over themselves.  I give many start because it's a decent place in Vegas with music, decent crowd without being overly crowded and no cover.  The only downside is that the drinks aren't all that great...  (but after a few shots, it's all the same anyway).
1	IF IT AINT BROKE DONT FIX IT.Me and my buddies go to vegas every June  for our annual. " DONT WAKE UP IN A THE HOSPITAL TRIP"and we always end our trip at kaunaville. Kaunaville had a cover band that could possibly be th best cover band ive ever seen . The band has been playing there for the last three years . So needless to say , we were looking forward to ending our trip the way we all ways do ......at kahunaville. So you can amagine how we felt when they told us management got rid of them because people were watching the band and not buying enough drinks ,I understand that money runs the world but the vibe in kahunaville is all wrong now . we tried to stay out of loyalty but we left 20 mins lateri hope management reads this and get those guys back......PLEASE.IF IT AINT BROKE DONT FIX IT
3	The only thing keeping it from 4-star is the contrived atmosphere...however most other aspects of our night here were great.We had 9pm reservations on a Friday night, couldn't get there til 11pm. The late night menu was the only thing available and my friend had a stomach ache, so we were going to go somewhere else. I had asked if a salad would work and she said yes, but they didn't have one. As we were headed up the escalator the manager called us back, and had talked to the chef for us.Service at the table could have been better. She seemed clueless and not that interested. Still, just for the service of the manager I've got to give it props. There was a "booty-shaking" contest... very spring break like, but quite entertaining for the people watching.
3	Definitely a party bar for an older crowd. Always live at the bar with free shots going around. Music is always blasting with a lot of funk. Flash light!!!... Red light!!!... Neon light!!!... Ooh, stop light!!!...We went to eat here with a groupon. Our tab came out to under $10 with two entrees and a drink. The entrees were the shrimp pasta and the bang bang shrimp. The shrimp pasta was the only thing we could get down. It could have used a lot more flavor. It wasn't bad.  I'd stay away from the bang bang shrimp. It came with rice and a very salty sauce which we could not stomach. Definitely try this place if you want a party bar to go to. The bar tenders are very friendly and entertaining.  Flair bar. 3.5 stars
2	Horrible, Horrible and horrible!We came here because we had the buy one dinner entree and get one free but I honestly don't even think it was worth it. We were seated right near the hostess and our server didn't come to the table for like 15 minutes! She was completely out of it like she just rolled out of bed and came to work and didn't write anything down so of course she forgot things.The food was just okay, I ordered the chicken teryaki with jasmine rice but i was smothered with huge chunks of vegetables and pineapple pieces. I wasn't wowed by my meal but at least one of our entrees was free!
2	Extremely disappointed at the poor service that was received here.  It is inexcusable to have to wait 15 - 20 minutes to have your order taken.  We waved a waitress down who said she was off the clock and went to look for our waitress.  The lady who came didnt even apologize for the wait!!! She just looked at us!   She finally took our orders down on a napkin after she forgot the first time.The Hawaiian Pork Tournedoes weren't too bad, the review would have been better if it wasnt for the service, but we would have been better elsewhere.  Thank god we had a coupon out of a booklet.Cheers
4	Located in Treasure Island on the Las Vegas Strip. This place is a lot of fun. They have all manor of frozen concoctions, festive food, and scantily clad waitresses (That's for those of you not into frozen concoctions or festive food). Check in on Foursquare and get a free shot!!! Stop and at very least have a drink. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	This review is not for the food.Last night was my first time at Kahunaville and it was actually fun!  We were able to use the buy one get one free coupon (received this coupon upon exiting the escalators) so that helped a bit with the bill.  It is quite expensive.  One cocktail drink is about $10.  What made it pretty cool is the bartender flair competition.  We had such a great time watching the bartenders performing tricks and they definitely entertained the crowd.  I had one cocktail and boy was I buzzing.  I really shouldn't drink.  But anyways, it was fun, spacious, and the bartenders were super friendly and entertaining.  If you are going to go, try to get the BOGO drink.
1	BEWARE OF THE COUPONS!We bought a coupon on Living Social for $50 worth of food for $25.  It sounded like a pretty good deal, however...  when we went to the restaurant we found out that the coupon is only good for about 8 entree items on the menu.  If you don't want to eat one of those 8 items then the coupon is worth only $25, or exactly what you paid for it.  We didn't see anything we wanted in the entree items so we ended up just using the coupon for what we paid for it.  I'm sure there is some small print somewhere that says that the coupon is only good for the entree items but it does seem like a bait and switch.  The food was actually pretty good but the whole coupon thing left a bad taste in my mouth.  We live in Las Vegas but I don't think we will ever go back there and I would definitely warn others to stay away.
4	YUM!!!!!  Ive eaten here a few times and have absolutely no complaints about the food. The service, especially during breakfast was amazing! They had a yelp check in deal both times a came here...yay for free things!!!!!! ok ok the one thing that weirds me out about this place is the "water show" ...its a little bit on the cheesy side.
2	My first, AND LAST, time at this restaurant. Thank goodness we had a 50% off entree coupon as the food was NOT WORTH FULL PRICE! I had the Organic Mushroom Chicken which was to have a "peppercorn" sauce with Bleu Stilton in it. The sauce was canned gravy, no peppercorn taste, nor Bleu Stilton. I had 3 SLICES of mushrooms (not the 2 types of mushrooms which should have been a lot more in quantity to match the title and description of the dish), and about 6 kernels of roasted corn. To top it off, the chicken, which was to be grilled, boneless chicken breast, WAS BREADED!!! I reported my dissatisfaction to the manager when he came by and he just blew me off, offering no compensation! [Note: the potatoes and vegetables were fine.] THANK GOODNESS FOR OUR EXCELLENT WAITER! He offered us a free dessert and hearty apologies for the poor quality of my main course and lack of concern by the manager. We tipped him extra, since the restaurant automatically included a tip even though there was only 2 of us, to help offset his out-of-pocket expense for the dessert.  The stir-fry my husband chose had wonderful presentation and good taste. If you want an extremely noisy bar, feel free to visit it.  I was glad there was a separate dining room so you could hear yourself think and talk without shouting.
1	I have never had such bad service in my life!  Came in to find the hostess on the phone for about 10 minutes before even greeting me.  Finally, I was seated hoping my experience here would get better.  Then the waitress was horrible!  What are the chances.  She didn't make eye contact, wasn't friendly....can't say anything good about her.  The food was okay, but after the terrible service, the food didn't matter.  I couldn't wait to get out of there!  That waitress needs to find another job where she has no contact with the public.
1	We went in because of the buy one get one free drink coupon that they were handling out however, $18 for 2 Bud Lights and 2 mudslides was outrageous.  The bar area was pretty vacant, the bartenders put on quite a bit of a show, the atmosphere seemed relaxing except for 1 annoying chick that would not stop squaking like a hawk - I would have given her $20 just to get out of my sight.I understand it's Vegas so the price hike is expected but I c'mon..
2	Second time here and have to say not really impressed. The first time I went there was for drinks and we partied it up had a good time, ordered some food to get by and that was good too. Not very busy at the time, so kind of boring in there. Probably much more lively later on. Anyway, second visit was just for dinner with the kiddos so we actually sat in the restaurant part. Very dark, very loud. The music just kept getting LOUDER AND LOUDER to where we couldn't even have a conversation. The reggae version of Hotel California really did crack me up. The "water show" was quite pitiful. I love the idea, but some lame jungle music did not enhance the experience. If you really want it to be an attraction then get some hula dancers or fire twirlers, etc. Make it a real show. The food was hit and miss. I had the pina colada chicken and I thought it was very good. The coconut and pineapple sauce was just right, not overpowering. The chicken was breaded, but not dry or tough. The hibachi veggies were julienned and very delicious. My daughter had the chicken parm and she said it was okay...the pasta that came with it was very bland. Our friends daughter had mac and cheese off the kids menu with french fries. Very disappointed that for $7 all she got was microwave macaroni with powered cheese from a BOX! Her mom had the chicken caesar salad and did not eat very much as it was not tasty. Overall disappointment. We went with a Living Social deal, but I wouldn't even bother ever again.
3	Service: 2.5/5Food: 3/5Wait: 1.5/5Price: $$Presentation of food: 3.5/5Presentation of restaurant: 3/5Overall: 3/5Came here last minute because we got their bogo free coupon for drink or entree. All in all, I had the chicken stir fry (Korean style) and it was not bad; it needed more rice though. Hubs had their surf & turf, the steak was cooked to perfection of medium/rare. Showing pink and crispy outside moist inside. The shrimp on the other hand, was bland and has that strong charr taste I don't like. At least their drinks were great (I mean for $18-$23 per drink it better be great). I had their Monstrosity, if you do not like the taste of alcohol and love energy drinks, this would be great for you.
3	The food is not that great here, if there's a GROUPON use it.  I've had the NACHOS on two occasions, Chips, beans, sour cream, olives, guac..you know the essentials of SUPER NACHOS piled high.  I mainly go the bar and dancing, for awhile this was my go to SPOT every friday, good music, excellent drinks, great atmosphere.  Then like good things here in Las Vegas they went through their share of different managers and themes.  Kahunaville didn't closed it just got really slow, the vibe was FUNKY it was no longer fun to me or my crew.  This past weekend we dropped in for all time sake: Once again just like back in the day, music on point, fun people, great atmosphere and drinks.  Great place for locals to bring their out of town guests.  They are usually passing out coupons for food and drink SPECIALS at the base os the stairs and throughout T.I.Looking for a good MIXOLOGIST? ask for BOOGEY he's the best...just ask my cousin, that's a night she is still trying to remember -LOL3STARS - for the BAR/CLUB atmosphere2STAR - for the FOOD
2	Not bad for a touristy, in hotel restaurant on the strip but not really "dinner quality." The food is tasty but not exactly island style. They have a huge drink menu, almost too big, but they are good and reasonably priced as well.
3	They're handing out 2 for 1 coupons at the bottom of the escalator as I'm descending into Treasure Island, so I couldn't help but check this place out. I downed 3 drinks within my first hour here in Vegas, and before the week was over, this bar somehow accounted for over 50% of the alcohol I consumed on the trip...I guess it's a popular stop for guests of the Treasure Island.Try the blue raspberry kamikaze.
3	I was looking for a to-go breakfast and I was directed to Kahunaville. I quickly spotted the omelet and ordered it. They do not have lids for a to-go coffee, but there is a Starbucks next door, which I went to while waiting for my omelet to be prepared. I was in and out in no more than 10 minutes. The omelet was quite tasty, but one would expect that, being loaded with sausage, bacon and cheese. The cubed breakfast potatoes were really good, well seasoned with a nice crispy on the shell protecting a soft and mushy inside. Not a bad way to start a Sunday morning.
4	Life deals out milestones and sometimes those moments call for ridiculous debauchery. My friend's 30th birthday warranted a tourist view of Vegas. A group of five us started our "Vegas vacation" by stopping off at Kahunaville. Three big kahuna drinks in we spotted the porcelain toilet. "Wait up, Is that a toilet?" "Can we drink from the toilet?""We must get a toilet!"The food is nothing amazing. It is just meant to ward off drinking on an empty stomach. Four big kahuna drinks in and three souvenir glasses we continue down on our bar hopping adventure. The staff were personable and very helpful. They danced to Gangnam Style with us. They gave us new glasses when we were about to leave so that we would not have to carry around sticky ones.
2	Was in Vegas on vacation and saw this place had a groupon. We were staying nearby and thought wtf not?!Lets say that even with the groupon it was a tad overpriced. The food was not bad but for the total (would have been 80 bucks was 46 with groupon) it was not worth it. Portions were big but it lacked any thing that was more than just good. The alcoholic beverage was just ok tasting but for the price I expected more. If it were cheaper I'd say it's a good place to go... but not for the prices set. And service was kinda crappy. Overall a 2.5 star.
2	Use the coupon or else! Service was slow even in the low season of November ... I shutter to think how it would be in summer with the pool open and not half full of diners . I  have  had  better .
2	What the???   You know it's a freak show when at the entrance they have a flavored oxygen bar with some "masseur" rubbing backs and scalps (all for $20!).Next the bartenders twirl bottles (you ought to be impressed by this?) and pour shots in your mouth (do not fall for this, it's low end booze and I did notice the bottle tip touching the patrons).   Finally take a look at the video poker and gaming machines on the bar.  If the shooter thing above didn't lack the basics of hygiene enough, this will simply gross you out as the food and who knows what is all crusted up next to these gaming machines.   I think the toilet bowl drink container is appropriate here...
2	The waitresses weren't the best looking,  if that is what you are looking for I suggest going  elsewhere. The service was slow & the drinks were watered down and sugary. I was happy with what I ordered however. I ordered the bbq pulled pork sandwich which wasn't bad. On the plus side they have several TVs so it would be a good place to catch a game.
3	This is a party bar in Treasure Island. The bartenders put on a show mixing drinks and all the customers sitting at the bar get the free drinks. Food is just ok nothing special.
3	Great party atmosphere, I love themed restaurants. Celebrated a friends birthday here with a small group, I remember service was okay and the food was just alright. What has me as a fan is the bar staff they're so lively and they pulled up my friend on stage for some fun dance games to embarass him. The bar was giving out free shots and showing off their bottle skills. Just a fun bar spot.
5	This place is like a scandalous girl. The location has easy access, looks pretty, good vibes, & everything! Our server, Aaron had wonderful & helpful service. He was over-the-top nice. I like to let employees pick our drinks & he chose a melon mojito & some kind of tequila cocktail. Both delicious! & the 2nd one was even free! Kahuna's loco moco burger was one of the messiest, yummiest burgers. As a hawaiian food fan, this hit the spot. I want to come back at night when there's loud music & flare tenders. KahunaVille will make you want to keep ordering their intruiging drinks! Definitely an underrated place.
2	If the food wasn't good they would get a one star review.  Our drinks took 20 minutes to come, they over-rang our check--adding two extra entrees. They forgot the kid menus and crayons after asking for them 4 times. They LIED about the "water show". I made reservations because they said they had a nightly kid friendly show. When we arrived they said they weren't going to have it because of UFC. I'm the biggest UFC fan so I would have understood If she just said it on the phone. We left with 4 disappointed kids. Money is NEVER an issue with us. We just try to find fun kid friendly places... So never ever again! I would never recommend this place to anyone with kids. Go to margaritaville!  They have super friendly fast service and good food. Be warned. I'm a local.. Not a tourist. We know best!
1	Poor atmosphere, poor service. Careful with your receipt these guys overcharge the credit card.
5	This restaurant is a bit out dated. everything looks old.however, the food was good.ordered the Bisque soup is very good. large enough for two to share.we also ordered the appetizer sampler which is amazing to look at.everything taste good.chicken wings nicely flavored
4	Great breakfast.  I had the burrito with bacon, guacamole and a great tomatillo salsa!  My wife had the omelette with sausage, veggies and cheese.Well worth the $27.00!
4	My friends and I came here for the first time 6 years ago when we were in Vegas and staying in Treasure Island. Ive only been to the bar part and its never been a bad experience for me. We always sit around the bar and have some drinks.STAFF: All the bartenders are really cool and friendly. On occasions they have a show where they do tricks with the alcohol bottles and drinks. Its pretty cool and fun! They make it interactive if you are sitting at the bar which is really cool too.DRINKS: The drinks are AWESOME! One of the reasons we come back. The food is okay, nothing spectacular. We've only tried their appetizers.The atmosphere is so much fun! There is a DJ that gets the crowd going along with the bartenders who gets everyone involved. My friends and I definitely keep coming back on our trips to Vegas because its a lot of fun!
1	First off there is a reason its is hidden off the floor!!  Okay although the hotel part of Treasure Island is nice, their bars and restruants are really some of worst here.  The menu here is overpriced and served underwelming.  We were fortunate to have other people spend $20-$25 a plate on poorly presented food.  We had our 2 for 1 drink coupon, and waited about fifteen minutes to be served, place was half full!!  The nice people next to us had their words "really bad dry" ribs loaded with sauce and coconut shimp that was dry too.  The portions were decent size but for the prices, you really should like your food.  We held out for about twenty-five minutes waiting to be served.  I would not go back if food was free.  This must be for people who are loaded, you can get something served in mini toliet if they ever get around to waiting on you!!
2	I would have given Kahunaville one star for the service; but I really liked my drink and food. I ordered the big Kahunaville drink that you see in the pictures with the smoke and everything. It was so good and I am still using the cup because it is very fun. I also liked my food; but that's because I love any kind of food that includes pasta let alone penne pasta! But it was like I had to satisfy our server when isn't it the other way around? The server seemed to hate us and everyone else they were serving. By the end of the service we finally got the server to smile once. Mission accomplished!When we first walked in we weren't sure we had arrived because there was an oxygen bar that took up 80% of the entry to the restaurant. When we finally got noticed, even though there were people right up front at the oxygen bar, we were sat at a table in the back of the restaurant next to the DJ booth at the end of an abandoned stage. HAHA!! This was the most awkward experience at Vegas for us. Do not order the Paradise Sampler if you are very hungry; it doesn't even satisfy one person. The pineapple top and dry ice-filled volcano vase are fillers to make the platter appear bountiful.
1	We came here because of a $25 (6 drink) coupon with Travelzoo.  It's not Travelzoo's fault but in hindsight, I should have passed.  No hostess in sight when we arrived even though we waited about 5 minutes.  It looked like a bar, so we helped ourselves to a table cuz there were 7 of us just like you would at any bar.  Our mistake.  Both the waitress and the very rude hostess approached us and said "who sits at a dirty table with money on it".  Um, yeah.  That explains the tip in change.  Yes, pennies, nickels and dimes.
5	Stayed at TI for NYE and Kahunaville is where we had dinner and drinks.  It was pretty early in the night so it was still restaurant/bar style.  Not to loud, array of music playing and the bartender was very crazy busy but attentive.  The food was good, there is a decent choice of food to choose from.  The drinks are fantastic!  Made well and different types of drinks for liking.  We then went to get ready and came back down around 1000-1030 or so.  The place at that point had a DJ and a small dance floor.  The music was great, the age group ranged from mid 20s and up.  Bartenders were doing some kind of show with making drinks, pouring shots into the crowds mouth at the bar. Overall, I do recommend the place.  Depending on your timing you will either enter a bar/restaurant scene or bar/dance scene.
4	Back by starbucks.If you are looking for a bar to just sit and relax this is a great option. We got the plastic cups full of margaritas! We didnt try the food but it smelled and looked tasty. This place can be a bit hard to find it's back near the starbucks and near the enterance to the Cirque show.
3	It about $25 a plate! but i had the Ribs and CHicken plate and it was pretty good a friend of mine had the crab cake and her portions were not to her satisfaction. We also ordered the wing appetizers and slider and they were BOMB!!! we also got free shots at the bar after the bar show so it was pretty entertaining and fun but we walked out of there with a $100 bill.
3	I was a bit disappointed at the menu, because having been to Hawaii I was expecting to see some real Hawaiian food and the menu had more of a generic tropical flair with meals such as coconut shrimp and fried seafood. Also like many places on the strip the noise level was a bit high. However I reserved a large party and they placed us in a semi private area, so the noise level was not too bad back there. They have specialty drinks served in huge souvenir glasses.
1	We went here for lunch because I wanted more info on the yard margaritas (or whatever they are called).  I didn't end up getting one because I decided it was too early in the day and they were too expensive for something I might end up not finishing.  I had a grilled veggie sandwich which I picked apart and barely ate.  It just looked unappetizing.  I was really disappointed with this experience.  Also, our table wasn't very clean and the place was empty so I am not sure why our waitress seemed to be in such a bad mood.  Or maybe the lack of tables/impact on her tips was the reason for her mood.  Either way there's no reason I would go back here.
1	Disgustingly poor service. We were so appalled and shocked of the attitude we received from our waitress, all four of us looked at one another and got up and left immediately after she took our order.The wait is very deceiving, first of all. Do not be fooled. We decided to try Kahunaville for breakfast after seeing that there wasn't a line. The host asked how many, and then preceded to walk us halfway thru the restaurant to the REAL waiting area, which was approximately forty-five minutes.Once we were seated, we looked over the very small but extremely affordable menu (I think there are 8 total breakfast options?) and we were happy with what we saw. Our unhappy middle-aged ex-stripper of a waitress walk up to our table, frowning, and just stood there with a pad and pen. I greeted her with "Good morning" and her response was "What's your order?". We all kindly gave our order, and my husband was finishing his when she walked off. The problem was that he wasn't finished with his order. He hollered "Excuse me, miss?" to get her attention before she walked too far and she turned around, rolled her eyes, and just stared at him without saying a word. My husband asked for a side of sausage, and rather than any sort of "thank you" or "coming right up", she just walked off with an attitude. I have a feeling this particular waitress came back and cursed us out, without thinking her attitude and lack of professionalism had anything to do with our absence.We all left feeling like we were on a hidden camera show for bad service. It was just a huge waste of time and a bad way to start the day.
1	where to i begin? i dont even want to give it 1 star because it doesnt even deserve that. First off we had no idea where you check in at to get a table, after standing around for about 15 minutes we finally got approached and then she told us to wait another 10 and during that other people walked in and she seated them right away(she must have forgotten about us).  we got seated and after looking at the menu.which had maybe 10 things on it we got up and left because the prices were way tooooo high and the drinks were even higher. DO NOT RECOMMEND AT ALL.
3	I wanna make this very clear- I love me some cheesy themes. The tackier the better in some parts. And you know what? Vegas is one of those places where the tackier the better can work. Can. Not does, definitively. Just can. Kahunaville has a pretty decent bar- don't get me wrong. Yes, drinks are pricey, but more often times than not there are cute girls passing out BOGO drink coupons so that can help. They do some really fun tropical drinks, and I'm kind of a rum fiend so I really had a blast. My personal favorite was the rock candy mango mojito. I love me some mango! And yes, the bartenders do tricks and do all the cool throwing tricks and fun stuff like that. As far as the bar goes, I dig it. There's gambling machines in the bar and drinks are fruity and fun. A good vacation bar. About every hour there is a small "tsunami" that goes on which consists of lowering lights, sounds, doing some flashing lights, and a small water fountain show. Kinda cool, but gets annoying the second time it happens. As for the restaurant, my girlfriend and I were slightly less than impressed. We had the groupon deal for two house salads and two entrees. The entrees were only covered up to $23.99, and about 2/3 of the entree menu worked for that. I hate when they do groupons but end up doing upcharges because they barely cover anything. So that was good.I started with a ceasar, pretty standard. My friend got a house salad that was swimming in honey mustard. We also shared a bowl of the crab bisque which was absolutely the best thing I've had there food wise. It was just... omg. I loved the crab bisque so much I contemplated getting another bowl. Like a chump I held out til my entree came then was too full to get another bowl.My girlfriend got the shrimp with rice, which was nothing to write home about but had a good sauce. As for me, I got the steak teriyaki. Ugh.  The meat was so chewy that it took me forever to finally get it down. I think my girlfriend had about three shrimps by the time I got through my first piece of meat. The broccoli ended up being the tastiest thing on that plate- even the rice was a little gross. It wasn't steamed long enough. I like the drinks and the crab bisque was amazing, but that's about it. I'd suggest skipping it until the pre-party.
3	TWO DEALS IN ONE DAYKahunaville Restaurant and Party Bar are separate but I'll review together. They are each 3 star in my eyes.  We had a coupon for drinks and one for food. We had dinner plans later but it was our last opportunity to use the deals! so we called ahead to reserve the first available dinner spot. I think it was at 4pm (or around there). We were told we couldn't use the deals simultaneously (go from dinner table to bar for refills). WEll that's crap. The bar was dead. Why is this a problem?TRAVELZOO DEAL:$25 - Treasure Island: 6 Drinks & Bartender Show, 55% OffGROUPON DEAL:$26 for Island-Themed Dinner for Two at Kahunaville Island Restaurant & Party Bar (Up to $54.96 Value) Diners receive two side house salads (a $3.49 value each) and choose a total of two entrees (up to a $23.99 value each).We started at the bar while we waited for the restaurant to open.While the drinks were good, the bartender was inattentive. Took forever to get some change so that we could both gamble at the bar. Only one other couple at the bar. Upon ordering our third drink, we asked about the included "show" and she tossed the bottles around as she poured. Wish we'd asked on the first drink. The drinks were good though and we were allowed to bring the final one to the lunch/dinner table - good timing.We couldn't order off the full menu because of our deal. I really need to read the fine print because this broke my hungry heart to hear. Groupon had a link to the full menu when I purchased, so I didn't think there would be restrictions. I'm sure it said it somewhere. Instead of crab cakes I ordered the macademia crusted mahi mahi ($25.99). Husband had flank steak and grilled shrimp ($26.99). We both had caesar salad ($3.49). The salad was heavily dress but the croutons on it were incredible!! I had to share mine though since his salad only had two and I had a bunch. The drinks must have nicened me up - I rarely share food as good as they were!My fish wasn't bad ,but wasn't great. He hated his steak because it was pre-cut into strips and overcooked.  I liked it though. And we both enjoyed his shrimp.  Had a lot of food leftover - which I took to the room and ate in the morning - and picked at the following day. Would have been nice to have a fridge.Service was fine. Our server was great and the one at the table next to us was friendly also.Savings of $54.96 with dinner coupon - a great deal!
3	First time at this place love it a friend from Vegas took me here
3	Service was pretty crappy. Took 15 mins to get water (I had to ask for it). The dish I got was pretty good (bang bang shrimp) except fot the occasional piece of shrimp shell. My girlfriend got the crab cake sandwich which was decent. If it weren't for the service, I would've given this place 4 stars.
3	Skip the food, go straight to the margaritas. If you happen to have Steve as your bartender and you're a beefcake lover like me - you're in for an extra treat since the man used to be a Chippendale. He's so good looking!
1	Don't order the pulled pork sandwich. It made me sick all night long and couldn't leave the hotel room all the next day, ruined my trip to Vegas
3	Great place to party. Haven't tried the restaurant or the food, but the bar area is live. Not flashy or high end, just live & cool party spot. Hard to find but worth the effort.
5	We went here on a travel zoo deal which was a great value. I didn't know that all of the bartenders did the bartender flair thing all of the time but it was very cool to see them flip and juggle bottles. All of the drinks were very good. We sat at the bar, enjoyed the show, and played video poker for a good two hours. I highly recommend going here for drinks.
4	Good fan place, visited for the dinnerFor the price (we had 50% off coupon), was a good choice..Got a steak with shrimps and potato puree + greek salad, that was made pretty decent (tried better, but again, in that price range it was pretty good).. Nice music, loud enough to keep the mood, quiet enough to talk..Barmens are periodically doing performances in the bar, in general place is full of energy.The downsides are that drinks are relatively expensive ($7 for bottle of Corona, huh..), drinks are served in the plastic cups, waitress are not super welcome, that is probably due to the fact that 18% gratuity is automatically included in the bill.In general, for the price we paid not a bad place (would probably rate as 3 stars if paid the full price)
2	Came here for breakfast on my last Vegas trip. Had to wait because although the place was mostly empty they had no servers to take the tables. Food wasn't anything special. They serve the food on plastic plates and we were kind of rushed out. Once our meal was brought the check was put on our table and we had to track down the server in order to pay.I don't think I'll be back.
1	Bad food. Bad service. Bad drinks. I guess we caught our server on an off night, but the next day we ate here again after leaving the pool and the food was even worse than the night before.
5	WOW I cant say enough about the foods and service here!! Came in on a Friday night at about 5:15pm. I had the pineapple chicken and was the best food just like a sweet hollindase sauce and my BF had the steak and shrimp Habaci. It was ALL  beautifully presented and just sooo delish. This is our permanent spot when we visit LV
3	Been here twice now and give up, it's nothing that special here and certainly no bargain.Overpriced food, insanely overly salted fries, decent drinks.$20 for a basic chicken stir fry with only a tiny bit of chicken, just nothing that great here.Lots of other great places on the strip will be much more satisfying than this. I will probably not bother going again.
2	Eh. Checked it out because the boyfriend and I had a two-for-one drink coupon. We went about 8pm and there were a few families having a late dinner, a young couple having drinks and dinner, and absolutely no one in the bar area. The waiter was polite but frankly seemed embarrassed to give us the menu, which was laminated and full of drinks that contained "Kahunaville party rum" and/or Monster energy drink. The party rum comes in many flavors, so that's something, but all of them are sickly sweet.  When our coconut pineapple party rum Monster margaritas with extra sugar (or whatever we ordered) arrived, they were full of maraschino cherries and pipe cleaner palm trees and stuff. It went well with the laser light show and music, but I guess I just wasn't in the spirit. The verdict: might be ideal for a bachelorette party, but probably best not to start your libations here, unless you are choosing it precisely because Margaritaville seems like it might be too classy.
4	Chill when it ain't busy, raucous when it's full - a good little joint. The highlight for me is Jade at the oxygen bar. She's a real sweetheart, and loves to help people relax from the Vegas madness. The flare show directly after Mystere gets out is worth taking a look at, especially if Nico is doing his thing.
2	Disappointment only because several sites listed this restaurant as THE place to eat for young children. We took our three kids there for lunch and we're disappointed to learn that the kid centric stuff doesn't begin until dinner. Otherwise it's just an overpriced restaurant with ok food. Wish someone had told us that the kid stuff doesn't begin until the evening.
4	We got a bunch of discounted coupons, so we decided to get breakfast there. The waitress was very nice and quick. We got our food right away, it was hot, and tasty. We enjoyed it so much we used the two for one drink coupon, the bartender was  nice and we enjoyed both our drinks.
1	Regular visitors to Treasure Island and we always got these coupons for Kahunaville, so we've always wanted to try it.  Then we see a groupon for $25 for 2 yard frozen daiquiri drinks.  We had a vegas trip planned for the next week so I bought it up right away.Came to cash it in and the host was nice.  The bartender was super friendly!  It was great so far!  Got the Strawberry colada and a mango colada according to the bartender's recommendations.  It was a 5 star experience up until this point.The drinks themselves...  Oh my god they were disgusting....  Like a thick sugary slush...  Even worse, they weren't even close to being strong.  I tried to just ignore the sugar and drank half the strawberry colada just because I wanted to get my buzz  (mango colada was so bad, we threw it away outright).  Nope.  It was so weak, just a sugary mess.Worst part is my massive stomach ache shortly after.  Had to leave my video poker machine and go back to my room where I had a stomach ache for much of the night...  I couldn't even fall asleep because of all the sugar!YARG!  Never again!Price:  1 star  ($25 + tip) for 2 disgusting tasting frozen daiquiris?  Drinks:  -2 star  (threw away, BLEH)Service:  3 stars  (friendly but recommended a shitty drink)Overall 1 star...  0 stars if your bartenders weren't pretty awesome.
3	Stayed at Treasure Island Casino, We arrived late the restaurant was closed but the bar still served food so we decided to give it a shot ...My wife isn't much of a drinker but ordered a blended Margarita and I ordered a beer..She took on sip of her margarita and couldn't drink it it was way too sweet and way too weak!! obviously from a slushy machine, might have tasted ok with 2 more shots of tequila..The food was good we had the Pina colada chicken...The entertainment was pretty good, The Bartenders were very good at juggling, flipping and twirling booze bottles..
4	Bought a Groupon for this place awhile back and finally checked it out.  Really cool atmosphere.  We went there early on a Friday night, so the flair bartenders weren't doing too much, but you could see their skill every once in a while.I ordered the flank steak which was really good!  The drinks we got, margarita and kolada, were also very tasty.  I'll have to go back later at night to see the bartenders in action.  Maybe I'll see ya there!
3	Had a groupon and so that made the prices good.  The problem I have is that paying that much for a drink I really think you should have glass glasses vs. plastic.
1	June 23, 2013Travel Zoo Deal$29 -- Treasure Island: 6 Drinks & Bartender Show, Half OffNow don't get me wrong.....The show was crazy good!  We did have some burgers for dinner and the food was good.But....the frozen drinks that were served were so disgustingly sweet. Did I mention they were disgusting?? Disgusting.After the show a DJ started the party and that's where things went downhill even quicker....there were a group of guys who were so stupidly drunk. I felt bad for them, not because they were acting stupid, but for the horrible barf-fest and hangover that were surely on the way from the sugary drinks.And then there was the group of four Cougars, laying in wait for the drunk pups to come wondering over to their side of the jungle. What a horrific site, forever burned into my retinas...ugh!!! This gave dirty dancing a whole new low...and I mean low. I am still suffering from nightmares. I know, I know...to each their own. But YECK!!!Our food server...super nice! She even asked the manager if we could have wine instead of the diabetic-coma-induced-drinks. She succeeded!! Kudos to her :-)Will NOT be back.
4	Since we stayed in Treasure Island, we had our 1st night dinner here.  Kinda reminded me of the Rainforest Restaurant.  we ordered some Hawaiian food (sliders, sashimi tuna) and it was pretty good.
2	My husband & I were staying at TI and found ourselves looking for a "local" dinner spot before the Mystere Show.  We decided on Kahunaville, because it looked fun, and had immediate seating.  We were asked if we wanted a high or low table.  We asked for a low, which clearly was the wrong answer, as we were responded to with an eye roll and a huff before being seated.  I am a fan of frozen drinks, and the variety sounded yummy, so I ordered one of their signature drinks.  The cocktail arrived, and at first sip, I thought they must have forgotten to mix it, as all I had was a mouthful of coconut flavored syrup.  I stirred frantically and tried again...nope, more syrup.  The waitress came around to take our food order.  I told the waitress of issue with the drink, and she said "ya, I know."  I asked if there was something much less sweet, & she recommended the mojito, which I agreed to.  She then asked for our food order.  when I ordered a "cajun" seasoned pasta dish, I was informed that "most people your age don't like that because it's too spicy". Yes, clearly 40 is the new 80...love it!  But after assurances that I enjoyed spicy food, our orders went in.  When the waitress came back with my drink, one taste told me that, less sweet, was not something that they did, so I immediately gave up, ordered a diet Coke, & sent back the drink.  When our food arrived I was pleasantly surprised that it was really quite tasty (yes, my ancient palette survived the dreaded spice).  Both my husband and I enjoyed our meals.  As far as the show, asking for a low table in our case meant sitting at the service entrance which actually had a small wall between us and the stage, so the only floor show we got was an argument between a bartender and his wife/girlfriend.  With all of the wonderful dinner choices in Vegas, and even right there at TI, this will definitely be the place we skip next time we're in town.
2	Large portions, average food, and bad management.  The atmosphere is kind of cheap looking compared to all the other fine restaurants on the strip.  The dishes ranged from $18 to $30.   I was not impressed with this place, and will not go back due to the way my girlfriend was treated.  While I would give this place 2 stars (based on food quality/taste/price), my girlfriend would definitely give them ZERO stars.  Her steak, ordered medium rare, came out fully cooked and dry.  We were in a party of 12, and it took about 45 minutes for the server to bring out a new steak for her.  That steak was cooked "well" which really upset my friend.  Not only was everyone done eating, her steak was still overcooked.  The final straw was that the manager still charged her for her portion even though she didn't eat the second steak and it was not prepared as ordered. While the server was nice, I think it was wrong of management to charge her for her $28 steak when it was clearly overcooked a second time.
4	Good food, especially for the pool at TI! No need to leave the poolside :)
1	Poor customer service ruined an otherwise decent breakfast.
3	Kahunaville Island was our rendez-vous for the Las Vegas Club Crawl. We only had drinks there so my review won't be about the food although, upon quickly browsing through their menu; I will say that they offer seafood, steak, salads, burgers and you can expect a meal to set you back at least $20. You'll find Kahunaville in Treasure Island and I have to say that I like the place. They've got TV screens on the walls and on top of the bar so you can hang out and watch a bit of well, whatever they're showing. The bartenders on the night were really nice and the drinks are fairly priced as well.It is a very chilled out place w/ a hawaiian decor and ambience. They also offer a broad range of tropical/island inspired cocktails. I will definitely grab some food there next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Wonderful experience there!Tried BBQ Salmon, I'll give 5-star for that as a Chinese.
2	Kahunaville is just a typical tourist restaurant, ok food with an overpriced tag. The food is truly very mediocre and there is really nothing special to it. The service is just ok, everyone seems to be very busy and just running everywhere. However, I would recommend this place for quick drinks as they have a very pleasing atmosphere. Also at night time they open the dance floor and they usually have pretty decent music to dance to.
4	Kahunaville is mine and my sister's guilty pleasure bar. We really love it here. The vibe is so fun and the drinks are plentiful and so amazingly weird. We came here one evening and had a really nice time. The bartender was charming and very friendly. We each had a couple of really nice cocktails and left with many large cups as souvenirs. Fun place.Perhaps the only downer was the creepy older gentleman who thought it was ok to lift me over his head and plop me down on the dance floor. No, it is not ok. Not at all.
5	This was a super fun place. Sounds weird because I guess it's a restaurant too? Hmm, my bff's bachelorette party hung out near the dance floor and bar, we befriended our bartenders and they made us great stiff drinks. Steve was my absolute favorite bartender, he was EVERYONE's favorite. The bachelor party even met us at Kahunaville. Dancing was fun, it would get packed in waves because of the Las Vegas Club Crawl so there were always different people to meet. The performances were awesome, I can confidently say THIS is where I lost my voice - 2 days later, my voice is still not back, haha, I did some serious screaming. And I was totally that girl that spent way too much at the bar but it happens. When in Vegas... Right? :-) I should have just stayed when my party left because I ended up going on a boring adventure on my own to watch someone gamble -_- and leaving the rest of the girls. I'll come back here if I ever come back with my girls. Great highlight of my trip!Who can pass up juggling liquor bottles and screaming for free shots?
4	I was pleasantly surprised with this place. Didn't get any drinks or see any live entertainment, just dinner.Yes, it's cheesy looking and touristy, looks like a wannabe Rainforest Cafe... But I give 4 stars only because the food was really good, and because we were given a $20 off coupon in the casino. Otherwise, I probably wouldn't have wanted to pay full price for this restaurant.. Woulda rather gone somewhere nicer if that were the case. But regardless, it was a good deal, and service was decent. I got what I think was called the cajun chicken pasta--VERY good, and I'm a serious pasta lover. The boyfriend got the steak and shrimp with mashed potatoes, he enjoyed it. Came with a purple orchid on the plate. I put it in my hair when we left. :D Total with the coupon came out to be about $29.00.As mentioned before, this place is a little too touristy for my liking, so I would go elsewhere for drinks unless you don't mind a cheesy atmosphere... But the food was really good, didn't have to wait too long, and it was a great deal. Definitely go if you have the $20 off coupon.. Otherwise, might be a little too pricey.
3	Just an average Vegas casino bar.  I do think the decor is pretty but other than that its just ok.  The service was a little slow but they were all great at doing the drink-flare-tricks.  The beer selection isn't great but they have a lot of fun fruity cocktails.  You can order food but we were just there to drink so we didn't look at the menu.  On Saturday two hot girls were dancing on the bar.  There is also an oxygen bar in the front if you are into that.
1	I'm staying at the TI (Treasure Island) and ventured down to Kahunaville for breakfast. The food actually wasn't bad. I had the Vegas Breakfast special which consisted of 3 eggs, choice of meat, potatoes and toast for $8.99. You a coupon for this special, but there are people all over the place passing out the coupon. When I walked in I was told there was a 5 to 10 minute wait. It was 15 minutes and they ended up seating me at a table in the bar area. Normally I would be fine with that except I could see A LOT of open tables in the regular restaurant. The bar itself wasn't even open yet, so why were they seating people in the bar area when there were tons of open tables in the restaurant. Very puzzling.The waitress was not attentive at all. She took my order and brought me my drink, but then someone else actually brought me my food. The waitress did come back to refill my soda, but did so without saying a word. Didn't ask how the food was or anything. Then she dropped off my check with my soda refill without asking if I wanted anything else. Basically what I am getting at here, is the service was absolutely horrible. But wait, it actually gets worse!My check came to $12 and change (I don't remember the actual amount). I paid  with a $20 and she brought me back an even $7. She just kept the coin change. It was only like a quarter or something small, so it wasn't a big deal except it's just very rude and possibly illegal.So rating only the food I would give it 3 1/2 stars cause the food was good enough and the price for the Vegas Breakfast special was good (especially when compared to other food places in the TI), but the rating for service is a negative 2 and that might be generous.There are a lot of other places to eat, so I doubt seriously that I will be back.
4	WOW never realize this was a happening fun place in TI (Treasure Island). Group of my friends and I decided to hit up this place because of Travelzoo deal of 6 blended drinks for $29. All the staff there seem to enjoy what they do and they serve drinks with flare. They also have club music playing at night with a live dj and dance floor.
4	Ate in the restaurant part of this place, the service was friendly and fast. The frozen drinks were pretty tasty and strong, but small. Anyway, the reason we came here was for dinner and that did not disappoint at all! Great Cajun Salmon and Great Chicken Stir Fry! The rest of the menu looked pretty decent as well, but their entrees were absolutely delicious and the presentation was very well done. Definitely will come here for dinner again if I'm hungry and in the area.
4	I've always been to the bar area and that area is amazing and delicious drinks so I give this a 4 star! But this time we bought a groupon dinner for two and I have to say I was not impressed.  The restaurant ambiance was downgraded from the bar area.  It looked and felt like hometown buffet but just added trees to the walls.  The environment was not what I expected.  The water show was not good.  Now onto the food.....they give you a TON of food! Awesome taste and I really enjoyed it.  Don't get the drinks virgin because they make them extremely sweet! Overall, I think I would go back but not for the restaurant!
3	Nice staff, the food took a little long to come out and they didn't seem that busy. If you didn't want to wait, you could eat outside in the blazing heat or wait 10-15 mins to eat in the nice AC restaurant. Food was good ~ I had the avocado burger because I love avocado! It was huge and delicious! My BF probably had a burger that included bar-b-que sauce and bacon. We had a BOGO 1/2 half coupon for this place since we were staying at TI; and I think if we didn't have that coupon, we wouldn't have ate there.
4	I enjoyed the colorful atmosphere.  I order the tuna, my husband the BBQ chicken and ribs both entree were delicious.  We both were impressed with the house mixed green salad and Caesar salad.
4	We went during early lunchtime so there weren't that many people there. The waitress was efficient but very robotic and not warm. But hey we got our food on time and she did her job. The atmosphere was slow moving but it was clear that they were preparing for a bug night of partying. The food was good and the establishment was clean and inviting :-)
1	Too many other better places to go.  My friend arranged a group dinner for 30 people and only 26 people came, but they INSISTED we pay for the 4 entrees because she had agreed to it in an email.  A very long email with lots of small print--the salesperson should have ensured that she saw it.  Even so, the manager was an obnoxious twit. It appeared as though he thought if you attached "ma'am" to the end of your sentence you could say anything and still be considered polite.  Wrong.  When we informed him that he didn't have to worry about the servers; that we would tip them on the full 30 entrees he said "I'm not worried about the servers, I'm worried about the company".  Charming. He must be great to work for.  A positive note**the bartender up front by the door made excellent mojitos. However, when we ordered them at the table they came with sprite or club soda or something in them.  The server was a little put out about me asking for a replacement.  Then she said she could only replace mine as the others had already taken too many sips.  Anyway, finally another manager comes by and says that we don't have to pay for the other 4 entrees...so it would seem as though the first manager just wanted to prove a point.  THEN; the food was just so-so.  All of the hassle would have been worth it (maybe) if we had gotten a spectacular dish but all the meals were very forgettable.  We were celebrating some friends' 50th birthday and the manager's loathsome behavior really put a damper on the evening.  There are just too many choices of dining spots to ever pick this one.Oh, and I told the manager that I had been in food service for years and was it really worth the price of 4 entrees to have 26 dissatisfied customers; especially with sites like Yelp* out there?  His response: even 5 star restaurants get bad reviews.     Yeah, but their food is good.
3	Inside Treasure Island -- not bad for strong head-ache-later drinks, but nothing especially good.  We had a half-priced voucher which made the drinks cheap, though that doesn't include the advil necessary later on.Unfortunately the frozen drink machines were broken, but that meant we could use our voucher for any non-topshelf drink.  Drinks are served in classy plastic cups and don't skimp on the liquor.Staff were friendly despite our using a voucher.  All male bartenders during our visit.  We saw a little bit of the much advertised "flair" bartending but they didn't do much bottle tossing, maybe because it was a quiet afternoon.The music was a bit too loud, but the place was pretty quiet when we were there.  Food going to other tables didn't look special, most reviews we've seen like the bar but not the restaurant.The space itself is a bit plastic-y (cheap/fake decor).  Unless you have a deal like we did, and want to get plastered, and/or are staying at Treasure Island, it's not worth seeking out.
1	My girlfriends and I came here because it was in our hotel they gave us a coupon for BOGO free. Now I know why! Worst food and service ever. Our waitress took forever, and our food was pretty horrible. The battered rock shrimp appetizer tasted like it sat out too long and was soggy and salty, it was really gross. I only took one bite of it. The pasta and stir fry were mediocre, but due to the extremely SLOW service I'll never come back again.
4	Decor is beautiful, especially when it's island themed. They have GREAT alcoholic drink selections to beers, cocktails to different flavored coladas. It's really pricey over here, but I think trying out this place is good to try at least once. Thumbs up for this place to be Groupon friendly. It helps a lot with the expensive prices. Good customer service too. :)
3	I'm so disappointed since I had a wonderful time my last visit. We tried mediocre nachos & a crab cake club with fries. Both weren't appetizing at all. Not even with the nasty mojito I ordered. How does a mojito become made wrong? I didn't understand. Server seemed like she didn't want to be there or help us. Next time, I hope they re-redeem themselves.
2	Nice enough waters and the 2 for 1 coupons they hand out for the yard drink is a pretty good deal. $25 for two of those which includes an additional 3 shots.I didn't have the best experience with the food here though. Ordered the steak and shrimp. Asked for medium rare and it looked rare. Meat was tough and I could barely cut much less chew through it. I swallowed a few cuts whole until I decided to cut it down to real small pieces. The shrimp was way better. Mashed potatoes were decent.On the plus side, they were giving out free shots at the bar after the fight so there's that I guess.
4	Great restaurant for a large crowd and family! When we made our reservations for a party of 12 adults and 4 children (3 of them were less than 2), this is the one restaurant that welcomed us with open arms.  The reason for 4 stars.They have a pretty large room in the back that you can have crowds of 10+ without interrupting the rest of bar crowd.  It's one of the better restaurants in Treasure Island Hotel on the Strip in Vegas.  I had a salad which was exacttly what I needed.
1	I live in town, & had a couple of friends come into town, they were staying at Treasure Island. We thought this restaurant had a nice menu.. But, we waited for atleast 5 minutes at our table without even having the server come over and take our drink order. Then we noticed 2 other tables that had been waiting longer than us. So we just got up & went to eat somewhere else! I will never return.
4	Every vegas trip i take i always make sure to stop by kahunaville so its aBout time I make a review..So as far as the restaurant part goes its deff not the best experience ... The servers always seem to have attitude and are nearly impossible to track down once they have sat you down. Food is mediocre altho they do serve pretty big portions .. The sampler is always a fun one to order tho, great for 2 people and it has an awesome volcano display. And now for the bar part! (ONLY reason for the 4 stars)..My favorite and only reason I keep coming back! The flair show is a must watch!! all bartenders are amazing and incredibly nice! If you do stop by be sure to sit in Nico's section he is by far my favorite bartender in vegas and oh did I mention he is a VERY handsome Italian man with a crazy hot accent ladies ;) Order a luah lemonade BEST drink! And be on the look out for the lovely kahunaville girls handing out "buy one get one free drinks" coupons!! Just be prepared this little bar turns into a crazy fun dance party when the dj starts to put on his show! So do yourself a favor skip on the food but go in for the drinks!!
2	Ugh.  I like good food.  I love good service.  This place provided neither, unfortunately.  The food was average at best.  We had the breakfast burrito, and the guac and salsa were both clearly straight from the grocery store.  The coffee tasted like poorly made Maxwell House, and the oj definitely wasn't fresh squeezed.  The service took forever, and it wasn't worth the wait.  Maybe this stuff is better when you're either drunk or hungover?  When totally sober, you should definitely opt for something else.  Even just sticking with Starbucks would have been a much safer option (and cheaper, too!).
2	This is a fun place to go because of the drinks and how they are prepared but this is not a place I would recommend for (sober) eating.I ordered the bbq rib and chicken combo which came with their own version of a coleslaw. The ribs were ok. They kind of fell off the bone but the sauce was a miss. As for the chicken it was very dry and smothered un that awful bbq sauce. Coleslaw was average and lacking flavor.As for the drinks they were made by our server and we were thankful they were strong but they tasted awful. I would recommend this place for the bartenders performance and the occasional drink specials but eat at your own risk.
5	You've got to know what to order to enjoy each bite of food. I was very sober when I ate and I loved all of our entrees. The best server in town, Rowan Young helped us choose the best of the best food they have to offer. He kept all of us happy and full. Mahalo nui loa Rowan.
3	This place is what it is, an island restaurant on the strip.  They have average customer service as our food came out at different times and not very attentive throughout.  We went with a groupon to meet some friends staying on the strip though and it served its purpose. The food was average. My friend got soup and said it was good not great, they split the burger after and it was average as well.  My teryiaki chicken and shrimp was ok, the flavors seemed off and the rice was bland.  The pineapple was a nice addition though.  With the rice you have multiple varieties of protein and veggies you can pick though and three different styles.  I picked teryiaki cause usually pineapple adds flavor to the dish, here it was the best part of the dish but it didn't bring the dish together.  He got a pasta and chicken dish, very filling and different were the remarks.  The menu was average but not a lot of healthy protein choices available.  For a better experience and quality of food there are better local places.  But they did draw a large crowd with their bar competition and free shots. It got quite loud and rowdy so after about 8 don't expect a quiet dinner where you can talk to each other.  So I guess it depends what you are looking for out of your experience.
2	This is a review for breakfast at Kahunaville.My parents and I ate at three places in Treasure Island when we stayed there last week. All were not very good, and this place is no exception.The service at Kahunaville was not great. We waited a long time to order and a long time for our food. Breakfast is so simple. It's ridiculous that it would take such an inordinate amount of time to get scrambled eggs. My parents had already ordered and were eating by the time I arrived at the restaurant, so I had some of their food before I ordered. The scrambled eggs, hash browns, and bacon I tried were no better than what you get at Denny's. It is worth noting that the portions are very large at Kahunaville. My parents shared a meal, and it was plenty of food.I decided to try the fruit platter. It was definitely an experience. My fruit platter had a whole banana, 1/4 of a pineapple, 5 strawberries, lots of honeydew melon and cantaloupe, grapes, orange slices, more pineapple, and a yogurt dipping sauce. All of the fruit was ripe and tasty. However, there was an unexpected and unpleasant surprise in the dish. They drizzled a liberal amount of some liqueur over the fruit. Why??? The fruit was fine on its own. Who wants to taste alcohol when it's not in an amount appreciable enough to get you buzzed? I feel like they should have at least mentioned that on the menu. I'm not sure how this place is for other meals, but I'm not inclined to give it another chance.
2	We had one thing in mind when we entered Kahunaville, drinks. I had some expired Travelzoo vouchers and I was pleased with how easy it was to use them for the price I paid, not always the case. The drinks and service, however, left something to be desired.Part of this was our fault, we were not really feeling the crazy, fruity, enormous cocktails. But I had heard their bartenders had won awards and such, so I figured a basic Manhattan would not be a problem. I was wrong. It wasn't disgusting, but it took some work to get it down. After that, we switched to frozen margaritas, which were far better. I would have gone with 3 stars, but the service was just plain bad. We were sitting at the bar, but were often forgotten and the time between drinks was just not OK. We likely would have had another drink or two in the same amount of time had we been given the chance. But we had somewhere to be, so we left with only a mild buzz and feeling pretty happy to get out of there. Under different circumstances, like a drunken bar crawl, I'm sure I might have had more fun. Fairly certain I will not come here again.
1	I think Yelp is quite nice to some places to allow one star as a minimum. We went here for breakfast to use use our voucher. To be brief, do not go here. The service is awful. For the amount of food you get it is quite expensive. You will be charged more than $2 for every cup of coffee. The restaurant is not nice with uncomfortable seating. To some extent dirty. Not recommended at all.
3	I ate here for dinner using a Groupon deal... so the price was good.  We had very good service and a good drink (though it was served in a plastic cup??)  The menu has varied options, and the portions were behemoth.  The food was good, but nothing outstanding.  I didn't regret eating there, but wouldn't visit again.
4	I found a great deal on Travelzoo and decided to make Kahunaville my last dinner spot for my vacation in Vegas. My bf and I arrived around 9:00p after a Cirque show. The bartender competion was just begining which meant the music was louder and the bar crowd got bigger. We were able to walk in and get a seat. It took about 15 minutes for our waitress to take our order. But once we ordered, service was great. I had the BBQ salmon with Jasmine rice and veggies. My bf has the steak and shrimp with potatoes and veggies. Everything was delicious. I also order a Rosarita with was great! If I could change one thing, I would have arrived earlier. It was just weird eating while the bar competion was going on since it was so loud. I wanted to get up and dance but the bf was kinda irritated. I would go again, to party or to eat EARLIER than 9pm. BTW this was on a Tuesday.
3	Wouldn't suggest the food (had the artichoke dip that had the consistency of paste), but dude!  The drinks are amazing!!!
3	Watch for a living social/groupon voucher available for this place. - 2 frozen drinks, 2 salads & 2 entrees.
2	This is the 3rd time Ive been to this restaurant in Vegas and would always try to eat here when visiting. Not anymore.We were seated on a Friday night (reservations for 830pm/ 2 people) the first place we went after arriving to the hotel. We had a groupon and were seated in the back room with a bunch of other tables at a table for 6 people (that was weird) by a sweet hostess.The waiter came by (older man -name began with an 'A'. Strong accent) - asked if we wanted water and then went and got it.When he came back to ask what we wanted - he saw our 'coupon' (his words) showed us which items we could order from and then left the table (so far so good right?)When 'A" came back, he took our order and our Groupon and walked away. :(The Groupon included, non alcoholic drinks, salad and a meal for 2.He never asked what we wanted on our salad for dressing and it took almost 25 minutes to get out meal. In fact, I never once saw him come back out of the kitchen (yes, alas we were right in front of its entrance) no idea WHERE he went.when I went to see the hostess to ask what was going on- she acted as if I may not have been the only one wondering 'what happened to :"A" and ran back into the kitchen to find out where our meal was and where our salads were.Low and behold it came right out-SANS SALAD.When we called him on this he was very apologetic but brought us the salad AFTER dinner.The Hostess has also mentioned she told the Manager on duty and that 'she would be by'. She never came by.We went by the next day and I made it a point to tell THAT manager what had happened. Was not a great first impression of Treasure Island and its restaurants.She did offer us lunch at the place that day ( we had already eaten) but still.I dont think Ill go here again- even if the food is pretty yummy.
3	We came here on a Sunday evening and ordered 1. Banana mango kolada, 9.752. Kahuna kolada, 9.753. 2 Side caesar salads, 3.49ea 4. Chicken and shrimp stir fry hibachi, 23.995. Macadamia crusted mahi-mahi, 25.99 for $10 (Used the living social deal $37 valued at $74)- Seated right away. Our server was Brittany, very polite and fast. - I enjoyed the banana mango over the kolada. Each drink comes with a test tube shot of vodka. Don't worry about getting tipsy with these drinks bc they both are very fruity.  - Salads seemed pre-made bc the croutons were soft. hmm...- Chicken and shrimp stir fry was fulfilling. It's presented as if the meal spilled out of the chinese to-go box onto a plate. haha. Questionable presentation. If I don't finish my meal, do I use this oily box still? haha. I didn't btw, I got a new box. - Mahi-mahi was pretty good. crispy. Rice reminded me of Uncle Bens. Banana chip was yummy. -  Big portions. Enough for a 4th meal. haha.- Nice vacation style restaurant.
2	Came here with a Groupon for 2 (2 drinks, 2 salads, 2 entrees). Pretty average restaurant/bar.For my entree, I got the BANG BANG SHRIMP (shrimp, bacon and veggies served over rice and some sort of "spicy" curry-like sauce). The dish was basically mostly rice and a few shrimp and bits of bacon and veggies, and there was hardly any kick to the spice. The taste was still pretty good, just not really worth the price.
5	Came here tonight for dinner and had a very pleasant experience. I wasn't sure what to expect after reading the reviews but I'm glad we decided on Kahunaville! Our server was excellent, very friendly and attentive. The atmosphere is really fun with a live band playing for a little entertainment. Our food was EXCELLENT. We chose filet mignon, "the duke", the kahuna burger and the sliders. Everything was very tasty! This place is nothing extraordinary but just a cool little spot to stop and grab easy food at a reasonable price.
1	Too bad we weren't 21, because you need alcohol to make this place okay. The appetizer did not have a volcano as described and the meat in it was dry. The crab cake seemed old and left an oily taste in our mouths. If we ever do come back here when we are in Vegas, it will be strictly to try their drinks.
4	We were at TI and this was convenient so we thought we would try it out even though it only had an average of 3 stars on here.  We were pleasantly surprised!  The breakfast we had was fast and hot and everything tasted good.  A couple days later we stopped in for lunch and the food was even better.  I don't know what it would be like for dinner but breakfast and lunch were fast service as they weren't too busy.
2	After a long day at a trade show, our group decided to hit this place only because we were staying in Treasure Island.  The wait for our server to just order drinks took about 10 minutes.  On the menu it said to ask our server what the draft beers were.  I was so excited to see what unknown craft beer I might try.  Unfortunately, it was not to be. The only beer they had on draft is...... Bud Light. Yes. Bud Light.For my meal, I ordered the Ahi Tuna Salad.  What arrived was an enormous bowl of mostly cabbage with a few leaves of spring salad buried beneath the cabbage and 4 pieces of tuna on top.  If I wanted coleslaw, I would have ordered coleslaw.  Just yuck.  There are way too many other places in Vegas to waste your time here.
2	We came to watch a UFC fight here while in Vegas the last time.We had sadly already eaten dinner, not realizing that the fight started at 7:00pm PST (usually we're thinking 10:00pm EST and forgot about the time change).  It was a Saturday night though, and we were interested in going to a bar, relaxing wtih some drinks and having a good time for several hours.The waitress told us that to sit and watch the fight it was a $25pp minimum food spend.  I explained that we just ate, and there was no way that we would eat $25 of food each, but could we order drinks and appetizers?  We would definitely spend over $50 total.  She spoke to the manager, who put her foot down and said - no, that we needed to spend $25pp on food, if not, we would just be charged the $25.  (this after we had already started ordering)This policy made no sense.  As a restaurant/bar they make more money on the booze than food ($12 drink with $4 worth of alcohol)....Instead of saying $25pp food minimum spend, why not say $25pp minimum spend on anything - or a flat cover charge of $15?  They would come out better overall doing either of those... Other bars that we've seen UFC events at charge a cover charge - and have a big room set aside for people watching the fight. As a side note, people who said they were not watching the fight were still seated in areas where they could see it.  I wonder if they were charged the same?Anyways, so we ordered 2 dinner platters to go (since we would be charged anyways), and then ordered drinks.  The mixed drinks were truly terrible.  Lowest quality alcohol mixed with random sweet syrupy mess.  One of my drinks so was strong that I couldn't even drink it.  I had to go get more soda to water it down.  Service was extremely slow.  At one point I choked on a tortilla chip and needed some water (we never received glasses of water) - so I had to walk all the way to the front of the restaurant to ask for some!  (the restaurant is quite deep so this took some time!)Waitress was completely absent.  It was a very busy night for them, I'm sure, but management needs to have more people working the tables to make sure people are happy.  We probably would have ordered more drinks if a waitress would've been there to ask if we wanted any!  They advertise having great bartenders who do tricks and whatnot, but I never saw one - and the drinks I ordered were not made by competant bartenders. Overall they just seemed completely disorganized in regards to handling a UFC event.  2 stars simply for the fact that we got a table near a tv screen, the food ended up being edible, and because it wasn't over $100 per person.  "Meh I've had better" (2 stars) describes my feelings perfectly.
1	VERY disappointing - Not only were the drinks and food terrible, we both were sick before we got back to our hotel. The Deal - We had purchased a Groupon for $28.99 which included two appetizers and four cocktails up to $9.99 for each item. This would have been a good value if the quality of the drinks, food, and service had been average.  Adding an automatic 18% gratuity was insulting and really made this meal a total failure. Our server explained that we had the option of ordering any appetizers or cocktails and paying the difference between the price and the $9.99 Groupon limit, per item. Drinks - For drinks I ordered a dirty martini and my date ordered a Blue Iguana. The martini was undrinkable and it takes a lot to screw up vodka and olive juice. Literally, it was room temperature vodka and olive juice poured in a plastic martini glass. This martini had never been introduced to ice and tasted terrible. The Blue Iguana was sickenly sweet and without the hint of alcohol. This was the first time in my life that I returned drinks. We asked if we could substitute bottled beers for the drinks because we definitely did not want another cocktail from that bar. The bottled beers were cool, but not cold enough for condensation to form on the bottle. No glasses were provided. Essentially, we substituted warm bottled beers for what should have been cocktails.Food - We upgraded our order to the sampler and a large shrimp cocktail. In fairness, the shrimp cocktail was okay. The sampler included two greasy, mushy spring rolls of some sort; two very greasy coconut shrimp; two or three bites of skewered chicken, three or four chicken wings, some BBQ ribs, a lot of tasteless, multi-colored corn chips; and, a large empty coconut shell. The ribs were average and everything else on this tray was much below average. Nothing on this plate was prepared fresh and my guess is that the temperature of the food was generated in a microwave. The decor is plastic and cheesy. The manager, bartenders, and staff were absolutely uninterested.
1	The food was OK but the service was horrible. They couldn't get our bills right and charged us for items that we didn't order. We won't be eating there again.
2	Ok, so I know it is hard finding a decent place to eat that isn't an arm and a leg on the strip, but......this isn't that place. I had a living social voucher and I still left disappointed! The presentation of the food was cute; chinese stir fry came in a tipped over chinese food box. But the flavor was lacking big time, I didn't even get half way thru my dish and I don't play when it comes to food! We also had a voucher for drinks, which also sucked! They  only let us choose from the frozen drinks that were basically just icees with a hint of rum. We didn't get buzzed, just stomach aches and brain freeze!! Go somewhere else!
4	I don't think I would have considered eating here if it weren't for the "buy one, get one" coupons given to me by TI at check-in.  I had breakfast, drinks, and dinner here (all in the same day, ha).  I wasn't disappointed.  Everything was good.  Dinner would have been overpriced had it not been for the coupon ($18.99 for a vegetarian stir-fry).  I appreciate the vegetarian options; they even had a vegan sandwich that sounded good.  On the opposite side of the spectrum, my husband enjoyed his steak (at $38, I certainly hope so).4.5 stars.
2	This is for the bar area only. I hate to rate this so low because the employees are friendly and nice here, but the drinks and dead atmosphere we experienced  forced this rating.  We arrived here about 10pm  and the place was completely dead and never improved. We did not eat any food. We had 12 coupons from travelzoo for drinks. The drink options are limited to frozen only and three sugary tasting choices when you use the coupons. These mixes provided awesome brain freezes, great stomach aches, and zero buzz! They are probably 20 ounces of icy mixture and 1 1/2 ounces of alcohol. AVOID!!! The guys dealing you the drinks are great though and the show they put on is fun. We did get a few free shots out of that. The oxygen bar is AWESOME and would get 5 stars if I could separate it on here. Strong drinks, cute staff, good experience there.  I will not venture my bald self in here again, but if one is stuck coming here please do yourself a favor and order mixed drinks or beer and your experience should be better than ours.
2	Came here late late night after stumbling over on the tram from the Mirage. The music was so loud (dang it I sound old), the interior was messy, and the bar service was slow. The bartender shoved lemons in our coronas, and the only genre of music was Latin/ Spanish music. I would not come back.
5	Barbara and Aimee they are awesome! They did a great job, come you will not regret it!!! Best 20$ I've spend.
5	Try the oxygen bar, it comes with a massage and a sky vodka drink! Aimee and Barbara are amazing!!!!
4	We went for breakfast and it was really nice. Cute atmosphere, friendly staff, and decent menu. I had a coupon for $7.99 breakfast and forgot to print it. I pulled it up on my phone and the honored it no problem which I really appreciated. The food was very good, no trip to Hollywood but I also ordered a pretty standard breakfast. The orange juice was delicious! It was a great deal in Vegas because breakfast can be pretty pricey. It was nice to have a good meal at a fair price and be full until dinner!
3	Interesting little place. Like all things Vegas, its pricey. I ordered a souvenir guitar yard cup which I know, I know that in itself runs the bills. I ordered a sample of their pina colada. I will tell you now I am a complete snob when it comes to my coladas. I want the real deal, so none of that crappy syrup sugar mix. Just, no. Of course, that's what they were serving so I ordered the Vacation. It was good but damn! (can I say that on yelp?) it was strong! My hunny ordered the blue lagoon. They were great but service was a little slow considering it was empty. Overall, we paid $40. Side note, we were seeing a show right next to the restaurant and I sadly did not know I couldn't take my drink in with me. So, we had to slam the extra strong rum/vodka mix. To say the least, I truly enjoyed the next two hours of vacation!
2	Bought a groupon and went with my boyfriend. Food was ok, pretty greasy and over priced, But we were on the strip, so everything is a bit more expensive. The live music was pretty cool. Got the bill and noticed they magically added an 18% gratuity for a party of 2 :/Asked the manager about it and he told me that "the type of people who use Groupon  are cheap and don't tip well so we decided to just add gratuity."I believe if the food and service are good, I will leave a tip accordingly. If you don't like 'cheap' people then stop serving mediocre food and maybe you should stop using offering discounts.I will not be returning ANY time soon. With or without a groupon.
5	Had a great time at k ville essie is an awesome flair bartender.  No food just drinks today but il always give 5 stars when and where its due.
4	I wasn't expecting much.  My husband and I purchased a groupon before visiting Vegas last weekend.  I must say that the service was EXCELLENT.  Our waitress was attentive and knowledgable, she smiled often and check on us to make sure were were doing ok without being overly annoying.  We sat near the main bar and the music played loudly and the bartender was entertaining to watch.Overall, it was a good experience.  Our food was great, and you can't beat the price w/ the groupon.  We would consider returning if in the area.
4	Had a groupon. Not bad! I had the teriyaki flank steak which included the jasmine rice and vegetables. The steak was tender and delicious.  I had a mai tai. It was a fun atmosphere.  The groupon also included a house salad. Very lively. I liked the cool tricks the bartenders performed & also gave free shots! The waitress was friendly & gave us no problem when I showed her the Groupon. The music was a little loud-had to repeat myself several times to my friend but it's Vegas. It's normal. I'm definitely coming back.
3	Service - the waitress was excellent! Very attentive and efficient. Food - Fish tacos and the loco moco burger were both good. Coconut shrimp appetizer was small and not really worth the price. Drinks - we tried the Big Kahuna and Beach Memories which we loved as long as u like girly drinks .Atmosphere - we sat in the bar so as long as ur ready for the pitch black, strobe lights and blasting music, it's pretty nice.Overall it was pretty good, but super pricey!
2	Way to expensive for what you get. Glad I bought a groupon for this place. The food is way to much for what you get. The atmosphere was alright but nothing to write home to mom about.
3	I pretty much came here to use a Groupon, but the food turned out to be delicious. The pina colada chicken was amazing. It came with vegetables and jasmine rice, so you get plenty of food. They have a really good selection of entrees, appetizers and drinks, with the rum runner being my favorite, and the place has a fun Hawaiian vibe to it. The service was the only thing I didn't like, with our waiter being a little slow and not very attentive. Not sure though if I would eat here again.
1	Had the crab cakes. .  Mistake. .  Dry,  not much flavor. . Worse,  the rice and plantains were baked to the point that it was a dry lump with burned wood flavor
1	This review is mainly about the yard drinks that they offer. It was my first time in Vegas and I have now learned my lesson to NEVER take a coupon from a kahunaville employee when roaming around treasure islands casino area. It was a 2 for 25 deal so my boyfriend and I figured we give it a shot because the yard we had at Fat Tuesdays was fantastic (I recommend that place lol)! We were wrong! The entire drink was a waste! It was NOT BLENDED AT ALL. That is why I am writing this review. I was very unhappy for wasting alcohol but then again it was only $25 bucks.... But I don't understand why people use groupon to eat here... I thought the place smelt like garbage, well by the bar area.
1	Very bad experience last nite there, please take of your belongings while at this place. My big size drink got disappeared in couple of moments when I was dancing  with my wife. They have so called security and staff but to yell on us.
4	The food isn't all that, but I think what I like most about this place is the friendly service and the way the restaurant is decorated inside. I feel like I'm at an island somewhere in the Caribbean.
2	My boyfriend and I dined here on a groupon.  I would have been unhappy if we paid menu prices, they were high based on the quality and portion size of the food  The biggest disappointment here was the service.  The restaurant was very slow during our visit, many empty tables, yet it took forever to get a refill on a drink and our check once we had finished dining.
2	Oh, Kahunaville, all the Groupons in the world aren't going to make your restaurant better.Very disappointed in this place. I, like almost everyone else, came here with a Living Social deal. Two drinks, two entrees and two salads: $37. Well, I read the reviews, but thought, "It can't be that bad. And it's just $37." Welp, it was worth a shot, but I would not return. Even with a coupon. We walked in on a Sunday night at 7:30 and it was pretty empty. The menu contains some appealing items. I ordered the Parmesan Crusted Chicken on top of penne and my boyfriend ordered the Teriyaki Steak. We both ordered a regular frozen margarita (we could only choose between a margarita or a colada). The drinks arrived. They were tall and contained an extra shot glass of tequila. Score! This made me happy. Until I took a sip. I think they would have achieved the same thing if they brought a gallon of sour mix to our table and poured it down my throat. Ew. I don't know how anyone could drink those. It was the equivalent of eating a million sour patch kids. Even with the shot of tequila. Okay, so the drinks are bad. Bummer. How about the food? The salads were generic and nothing special. Now to the food: Once the parmesan crusted chicken was placed in front of me, it looked like a sloppy mess. I'm not one to get caught up on looks. If it tastes good, I couldn't care, but this didn't taste very good either. It is basically chicken parm on penne and of the caliber you would find at a Norm's or some other kind of diner. I honestly make a better parmesan crusted chicken. Seriously. After a few bites, I had no desire to finish my food. My boyfriend enjoyed his dish, but he also said it was nothing spectacular. Now, I wasn't expecting fireworks with a chicken parmesan, but if I had paid regular price for this, I would've. been. PISSED. Our waitress was very nice and attentive at first, but towards the end of our meal she just disappeared and we were forced to ask another woman for help. The redemption of our Living Social Deal was extremely easy, so I'm grateful for that, but that's the only thing I'm grateful for. Oh, I'm grateful for not paying full price for this huge miss. Do yourselves a favor and hit up something else. I actually had food from the food court at Fashion Mall that was better than this place.
2	I will never return.  Got the Yellow Fin Tuna $12.99 WHAT A JOKE & coconut shrimp $9.99 FOR 4 DOUBLE HOME. Stayed @ TI so it was convenient to the pool. Would walk to McDonald's Donalds first! Waitress bad attitude at first. Then changed attitude.
2	Avoid! It is very rare for me to write a review but after our experience at Kahunaville I feel others should be warned. My boyfriend & I were excited to give it a try on our vacation after finding a Living Social deal. The menu looked good & sounded like fun. To start our experience we were seated at a dirty table. The hostess apologized for the oversight & washed it off but the rag looked dirty as well. We then waited about 5 minutes before the waiter acknowledged us & said he would be back in 2 minutes. 10 minutes later the hostess saw us still sitting there & came over to see if we had been helped & when we said no proceeded to take our order. I could go on about the service of our waiter but let's move on to the food. I know it is Vegas & food is pricey but the quality was terrible! My boyfriend's chicken tasted frozen & the marinara tasted like a can. My coconut shrimp tasted like the stuff you get in the freezer section (not bad but expected more for the price), vegetables were overcooked & blaw, the rice was rice.  If we hadn't gotten the entire meal for 50% off we would've been upset paying full price for such terrible meals.  The only positive from our experience was my mixed drink (the Vacation I believe was the name) which really was very good!  My recommendation, stop in for a mixed drink & appetizer if you really want to check it out but there are so many better choices in the area if you want a tasty meal.
5	Disclaimer: Ok this review not for the food.Inside of here is where I found the cheapest spa treatment in Vegas! At the oxygen bar you can in hale relaxing smells while getting a 10min back and neck massage for $20 bucks! They also throw in a souvenir cup! This is the most affordable massage after you have lost most of your money on the slots. The smells will help you forget all your problems and exhale strength to go back hit the tables lolJust looking out for the ladies
2	The wait was ridiculous and there was no one here! We bought the groupon for 2 entrees, 2 salads and 2 drinks, the drinks were completely sugared down. The entrees were actually pretty good and really filling. The pricing is expensive, but normal for vegas.
1	Food is gross. Unfortunately it was the only option available poolside at Treasure Island. Burger was dry and tasteless. Nachos were cheap bagged chips drizzled with canned cheese, no real melted cheese to be found. Toppings weren't layered in, which is the way good joints make nachos. Artichoke spinach dip was the worst of all: again, the cheap bagged chips and the dip consisted of enormous clumps of stringy spinach with cream cheese and some artichoke.
5	I've been here on several occasions and have left several reviews but this time around we ate breakfast and I have to say best breakfast hands down and very generous. I love their drinks too and the Latin dance night on Saturday.
4	They don't skimp on the alcohol. Loved the frozen margarita!  They have vegan island salad, vegan sandwich, vegan chikn sandwich (with gardein), edamame in the vegan section. Loved the vegan chikn sandwich.
2	This place is a slice out of the late 80's/early 90's themed restaurant era... We're talking Rainforest Cafe, after the forest was depleted of it's trees. Food was about as 'normal' as you can get... Simple. Don't expect Vegas quality food here. (Important Note: I ate in the restaurant part, the bar was hoping)
4	We stayed at Ti and Kahunaville is where we ate on our last night. We did come here to buy drink frequently though. I HIGHLY recommend you trying the Otter Pop, if you go here! Sooo good!Anyway, I got the Gluten Free Chicken Parm, it was soo good! The portion was HUGE, two massive chicken breasts and a giant plate of spaghetti. I had a whole meal for the next day! My husband had a burger to which he enjoyed as well. The waitress was great and very accommodating.*Just a warning though, if you go here with a large party, they do not want you to split up the check and have to get permission for management to do so. Our waitress did split the check up for us, which was great.
1	This explains my disappointment...If they are busy -service, quality, & everything falls apart...http://www.jrn.com/ktnv/news/dirty-dining/Dirty-Dining-Kahunaville-278585471.html
4	The flair bartenders were so much fun to watch! My friends and I went there to have drinks and watch the flair bartender.  It's a great place for birthday parties. The waiter was attentive. The music was loud, people were cheering, bartenders gave free shots. I cannot comment on food as we just had drinks. Overall, a good time!
4	Not the greatest of service... It's a little slow, but good prices for Vegas and the food was sooooo good! Really good burgers and clam chowder!!
4	Great Hawaiian dinner show, great for all ages , entertaining and energetic .Choice of preset meal fish steak or dinnerTo enjoy during the show.
2	Blah - that's the best I have to say about this place. I wasn't impressed with the location or the appearance, but when you've walked for hours and hunger hits, you kind of just settle for what can be found. The service was blah, the atmosphere was blah, and the food was blah. I ordered the chicken and ribs. The chicken was hard and rubbery, the mashed potatoes had a hard outer shell on them and the cole slaw was absolutely terrible. Don't get lured in by the coupons for a free drink. They say if you buy a "yard" of drink, you get one free. Their "yard" was more like 18 inches for $25 bucks.
3	This is inside Treasure Island across from the Theatre.  They often have coupons BOGO.  I ordered the Surf Up Salad thinking it would be real small like a side salad but it was huge enough for two people.  Great flavor with spinach and nutritious greens.  I also ordered the pulled pork sandwich which was very tasty but needed some bbq or something.  Overall good tasty food.  I did not like the interior looked liked a dive with bad furnishings and it is a bit noisy.  Go for the salad!!!
2	At TI and wanted to eat at a restaurant that was closed so we came here. We were sat by the door of their show so we could barely hear each other. Boyfriend ordered a steak for $35 that had a lot of fat and no flavor. French fries cold, nachos blah with no real cheese or full coverage but the crab cakes and other side items were good. They offered us coupons for 2 for 1 entrees but the fine print only allowed up to $20 off and most entrees costed more. They also offered a 2 for 1 yard drink but it couldn't be combined with the other coupon. Our server was great though, he was friendly and brought us a new set of warm fries and a complimentary alcoholic beverage for the inconvenience we were experiencing. So although the food wasn't great and we wouldn't come back or recommend this establishment - I gave two stars for the service and crab cakes.
4	My husband and I came to Las Vegas for our 23rd wedding anniversary.  We had a groupon to try Kahunaville. I had the bbq chicken and ribs, and my husband had the Macadamia Crushed Mahi Mahi.  My food was cooked to perfection but my husbands fish was under cooked in the middle.  We had it taken back to the kitchen.  About 10 minutes later the fish was back at the table and cooked correctly.  Over all, I give Kahunaville 4 stars.
2	The show did not meet my expectation -seen much better. The same 4 girls n boys perform the whole show & more than entertaining performances, they kept singing !! Food was mediocre - didn't care for the cold bread, dry fish n plain rice with no flavours or the boring SWEET stir fry full of broccoli ! Come on I can make a better stir fry...waste of 80$ - not recommended.
3	Standard American fare located in Treasure Island. Some people were handing out buy 1 dinner entree get 1 free food coupons so my family and I ate here. We fed 5 people for about $60 which is pretty good for vegas.Portions are large but they are about $20 per dish with $40 for steaks.The food is rather average. I got this Pina colada chicken and the coconut sauce was okay but nothing outstanding. The chicken was a tad dry.The miso salmon sauce was super sweet.
1	The service was slow. It took about thirty minutes for them to bring out some nachos and a salad. The nachos were made with some fake movie cheese. And were gross to say the least. I would not recommend coming here.
4	Good was amazing even though the wateress was not friendly at all! We stop in at the oxygen bar before we left and wow!  $20 includes 15 oxygen treatment a drink of your choice a head neck shoulder massage as we'll as the essential oils! And wow what a difference
5	Kahunaville has the best staff and food. I have yet to meet one bad server or hostess. I usually get the chicken sandwich with french fries and their french fries are AMAZING! Whenever my friends come here, I always recommend the fries. The atmosphere is always fun and their music is upbeat. Everyone who works there is always friendly. I love this restaurant, the people, and the food! They even have a show room in the back! Kahunaville is always having events at their restaurant so this place is excellent for locals as well as tourists.
1	Nothing good about this place! Service,  Horrible not only was it slow but the waitress was rude, she seemed to think us going to eat was an inconvenience for her.  She really didn't want to be there and made sure you didn't want to be there either.  Food,The only good thing was the shoe string french fries,  other then that everything was horrible. I got the hummus and it was very bland and had a funky taste, the spinach and artichoke dip just tasted like garlic and nothing else. The sliders were over cooked and again tasteless.
4	a Groupon brought us in for 6 drinks.  Great deal considering their regular pricing!  We arrived around 9 or so and the place was moderately busy.  There was a guy performing live on stage and it seemed like their hula show had just let out.  Service was pretty good but a bit rushed but we didn't mind much.  It is Vegas after all.  The slushie drinks were way too sweet so we stayed w/ the  mixed cocktails. We enjoyed people watching especially when the DJ started his music.  I think Kahuanville turns into a club after 10? Not sure but it was a good time for all.  I have to say it is a older crowd tho for sure.  But if we're ever in town, we'd be back to hang out again.  We had our 18 yr old w/ us and she had a blast, and we were glad we could be at a place where it was ok to have fun w/ your parents while getting crazy.
