4	Go here.  Service is tops, the sushi is great and the place is ALWAYS hopping.  Friday and Saturday nights they serve penny beers.  Super fun and they make an effort to remember you.  This is the place you bring friends and eat good sushi!
3	It was on the way home from the doctor's office (where I was informed my new meds would increase my appetite) that I began to feel hungry. I was passing thru Gilbert traveling down streets to avoid the rush hour traffic on the freeway when I saw Orient Sushi & Grill. Stop for a roll and some tea, something light & quick and be on my way I thought. Which is almost what happened, but the most important part is that I want to go back for more sometime soon. The prices can't be beat (all you can eat $19.95 daily or two special rolls for $12.00) I had the Gilbert Roll named for the city I assume, it was deep fried sweet potato & cream cheese topped with eel & avocado. It was OK, I left 3 of the 8 pieces behind. The other roll, the Hawaii, was much better. Crispy eel tempura & avocado (guess I was in the mood for eel & avocado) topped with crab meat. There must be other ingredients as well because there was a spicy taste that balanced well overall. In summary, I will be back for the all you can eat and will have several more rolls to report on.
4	Disclaimer: I didn't try the sushi. I didn't need to.The wife and I actually came here because they were advertising 1 cent bottles of beer. Goes to show you our priorities... Anyway we walk into this fine establishment to find the penny beers waiting for us. Typical Bud Light/Miller Light, but who cares! They're a penny!They ambience is great. Low light, quiant booths with a bar on one side. When I use the word quaint, I don't mean small. Yes, it IS small, but it is a very pleasant small.Well, I've been on a quest to find all the yummy ramens of the valley.  Lo and behold, whats on their menu? You got it! Ramen.  Chicken or Beef or Seafood or Spicy Bonzai, you can't go wrong.  I got the beef with the Udon noodles and I SWEAR to you... they brought out a GALLON of soup. A GALLON! There wasn't much to it, but it was tasty.  Noodles, sprouts, seasoned broth, and beef.  We also ordered a plate of the Honey Chicken and it DIDN'T disappoint.  It was twice the size of PeiWei's similar dish, and MUCH tastier.  With it, came a dish of white rice.This place was right under my nose.  I will definitely be back! I want to try the spicy Bonzai ramen.  They say if you can eat 2 bowls, its free! That would be... 2 Gallons of soup.
4	A pleasant surprise! Some of the best and cheapest sushi we've found thus far in the surrounding area.  We got some of the "under 30 minute meals", which were served on cute plates, with soup and salad. Sushi was cheap and tasty (California rolls and some sort of shrimp roll) and salad dressing was tangy and citrusy. Portions were plentiful and we took leftovers home. We'll definitely be going back to check out the super hot noodle bowls and penny beer.
4	good sushi at a good price. I love the fact that they deliver. I have eaten there a few times and the atmosphere was great. I do delivery a lot just because it's easier.
4	I absolutely loved Orient Sushi Grill's all-you-can-eat sushi for $19.95, especially the fact that appetizers and Chinese food are also included. The yellowtail was fresh and melt-in-your-mouth and the eel was warm and of a good size. The spicy rolls were sufficiently spicy: try the crunch roll with spicy tuna and spicy yellowtail mixed with tempura and served with eel sauce, and the Hawaii roll, which is crispy eel tempura and avocado topped with spicy crab meat. My absolute favorite was the Las Vegas roll - deep fried salmon, avocado, crab meat and cream cheese served with eel sauce. Yummy!In addition to all-you-can-eat sushi, the restaurant offers other specials: two classic rolls for $8, and two specialty rolls for $12.
4	Hello? Yeah sure, I'd love to go for all you can eat sushi for $20...but I'm sure it's all rice.What, it's not? Well then you probably can only pick from 3 types of rolls...What??!! There is a whole bunch of rolls to pick from and they're tasty as hell? And WHAT? That $20/per person also includes a large selection of appetizers and entrees? I'm freakin' inNo, it was not the best sushi I've ever had, but I've been to Japan. For $20 you can't complain at all. And try the crab puffs...there's actually more crab than cream cheese...holy shiznit!And to top the evening off, you can buy one beer at regular price ($3.75 for Tsing Tao) and get the second for a penny.My hubby and I are now fans. Thank you Orient Sushi & Grill!
4	My wife and I decided to get some sushi for dinner on Saturday.  We have been here by ourselves and friends and family over a dozen times already.  Still pretty damn good for the price.  The $19.95 all you eat menu is great -- many nigiri and maki sushi choices, appetizers, entrees, salads, etc. .... and all you can eat.  Just make sure you eat everything you order and don't waste.  John, the owner is always gracious and generous.  Even bought me a beer on Saturday, and made some special sushi for my wife.  While they don't have everything on the all you can eat menu, what is there is pretty good.  Their maguro is generally grade B maguro, but what do you expect for the price?  But their hamachi is always grade A -- from Japan.  I asked John about that and he said he orders the grade A Japan Hamachi because it tastes the best for sushi.  If you order some Hamachi cooked or broiled, he uses San Diego hamachi which is from warmer waters and not as oily and not as pricey.  But his albacore appetizer is very good -- remember, the pricing is fabulous!
4	OK went there again a week or so ago.  Things haven't changed.  Same menu, same price, same good service, same good quality.  Again, not the best sushi and they do not have the expensive sushi ingredients, but what do you want for $19.95 all-you-can-eat?  Even my son who lives in Los Angeles and is a sushi afficionado says that for $19.95 you just can't go wrong.  There one cent beer sale price also applies to the large Japanese beers too.  So for $4.76 you can get 44 ounces of Kirin/Asahi/Sapporo.
2	OK; we went again last night.  However, we were pretty disappointed.  Their beer specials are gone so all beers were priced at retail.  Not necessarily a problem, but makes their price/value ratio less attractive.  Same thing with the sushi -- same pricing for the all-you-can-eat and 50% off for ala carte orders, but the quality was really disappointing.  All my fish orders of nigiri were with old fish and they were not of high quality and not fresh.  My wife's unagi sushi had old and skinny/boney unagi on it.  And my albacore tataki was with old fish too -- all dried up and discolored.
3	Went with the family again on Sat, 7/3/10.   My son and his family were in town again from Los Angeles.  This time the owner, John, was there and manning the sushi bar.  The quality was better time this time and we were not disappointed.  The hamachi was again Grade A Japan hamachi and very fresh.  The Maguro was so-so, but passable.  But the other stuff was pretty good.  The special all you can eat price is the same and the nigiri sushi and maki rolls are 50% off, which makes them a super deal.  The have the one-cents for the second beer special again, and that includes a big, 22 oz. Japanese beer too.  So I just thought I would add this update.
1	OK- went for all you can eat sushi.  Now, my expectations were low, but I was surprised anyway.  The portions sucked first off.  The fish quality was ok, but TWICE I had a little roach crawl away from the plate after they put it on the table.Roaches and sushi restaurants do not mix, I will not be returning.  Sometimes cheap is just cheap, you know?  Maybe when you want tons of food for cheap, sushi isn't the best idea.
3	The only reason I come here is because they have half-price sushi for take out orders and my normal sushi place doesn't do half price for take out. The sushi is good. Kind of small but good. I really don't like that they put smoked salmon in most of their rolls instead of just regular salmon but hey what can I do?Every time I've waited for my take out order I can hear people being loud and drunk. Take that as you will. Some people like the loud drunk fun atmosphere but other people like quiet. Probably not a good place to bring a first date or family even if it does look really classy.I hear they have some good deals that involve one cent beer night and all you can eat sushi. That's pretty sweet.
4	This place is awesome!! The prices are totally reasonable; all sushi is 50% off all of the time. So I think an avocado roll ends up being around $2.50 (which I still love as a former vegetarian) but the fancier rolls (like to Tootsie Roll) only go up to like $6.00. The pieces are a good size too, I've been to a lot of sushi places that have great prices then you get the sushi and it's a total disappointment. It's definitely not like that here. And it's great because with their prices as cheap as they are, we got to choose a whole bunch of rolls and our bill was only like $30.They also have this dish called Bonsai Noodles, you can choose what kind of meat you want in it (we chose seafood), how spicy you want it, and what kind of noodles you want in it. It was AMAZING - and hearty like a gumbo. And the portion is gigantic. We had so much left over! The penny beers are pretty sweet, too!The only reason I'd take a point off is that the service is a little slow. Not that we're not willing to wait. And for some strange reason, every time I go they get my drink order wrong. One time I ordered a diet coke and got a Dr. Pepper. Another time I ordered an Arnold Palmer and got a Green Tea. No big deal, but a little odd.Anyway, Orient Sushi rocks. I just hope with their prices like they are they can afford to stick around!!
3	I'm a sushi snob and all you can eat is not my thing.  Also, this place is chinese owned and operated.  With that being said, they do have decent fish and you really can't complain about the price.  Even better, go on Saturday and get your second beer for a penny.  The guys behind the counter and the wait staff are very friendly.
5	I love this place for their delicious Dynamite Sushi... for their Wonton Soup (no pork)... walnut shrimp and honey chicken...The place is cozy, and they just expanded the space... and then, the best thing is you can get a beer for 1 CENT, on Friday & Saturday night... ;o)
4	Went again last night, 7/18. My brother-in-law from Louisiana was in and he wanted to eat a lot of cheap sushi so we took him there. John, the owner, was making sushi last night and that was good. His menu and choices are the same as what he offered for last couple of years, and so is his prices and his quality of the food. We had his $19.95 AYCE offering and as usual, we got our money's worth. His sushi and quality of the fish is average at best, but he still offers grade A hamachi from Japan. I find that nice but very strange since Japan hamachi is super-expensive, but he offers that, even for his AYCE price. So if you are a hamachi lover, this is a super deal. The thing that I really like (not trying to be a prima donna) is that he remembers us and some other idiosyncrasies and nuances. We had not been to his restaurant for about 10 months, but we have been there a total of about six times over the last three years. Since he remembered us as being good customers, he bought my BIL and me a drink. My wife as ill at home so only my daughter and my BIL and his wife were with me. Towards the end of the meal, I told him that my wife was ill at home and wanted me to bring her some takeout sushi for dinner. So I ordered a shrimp tempura roll for her, and I also ordered a California roll for her. John said, that since he remembered that my wife loves his salmon skin hand roll (temaki) and his unagi nigiri, wouldn't she prefer that? I was shocked that he remembered those details. So I told him that would probably be nice. So he made up a shrimp tempura roll, an unagi nigiri, and a salmon skin temaki. He only charged me for the shrimp tempura roll. Now I call that not only great customer service, but great marketing as well. He not only remembered good customers, but he took care of us and made sure that we will come back again.
4	Go for their half-off lunch sushi menu - you will NOT be disappointed.  Only complaint is that out of a group of three, one person had their rolls come out about 5 minutes before the rest of ours and the service left a little to be desired - but definitely worth the wait for half off.  Great selection of rolls and some delicious sounding house rolls!
4	Amazing place and for an amazing price..I don't know what anyone is complaining about (except the roach person) this place for.  Look at the pictures, the portions are good, the sushi is fresh (AND HALF PRICE ALL DAY!), beer is a PENNY Friday and Saturday nights and AYCE not only sushi, but apps like BUTTER CALAMARI and entrees too!!  I will be bringing my family back, and my friends for sure, in fact, I think I will be going here for my birthday next month!  Thank you for places like this, who keep great food affordable in this economy, we need all the help we can get.
5	i love this place~~~
3	This place is pretty good.  Has huuuuuge soup bowls. If you order a chicken noodle bowl becareful... It comes out pipeing hot and is enough for 2 or 3 people.  Really good though.The sushi is friendly and nice.  We also have ordered the lunch specials there. Kung Pao, and the Sun Devil Chicken are pretty good quality.  They serve it in a box with salad as well as rice.Great stop for lunch if you are in the area.
4	This is my husband and I's favorite place to go to for sushi.  It may not be as "creative" as Stingray, but you can get the staples and specialty rolls.  They offer all-you-can-eat sushi, but we've found that ordering off the menu is less expensive because all sushi is HALF PRICE!  Yes, it can be busy, but they do their best to get rolls to you fairly quickly.  Don't be turned off if the parking lot appears full -- B Dubs is next door so chances are people are grabbing wings and a drink while watching the big game.
3	The best thing about this place is that their sushi is always 'half off' which equates to it is cheap. I went here for lunch today and had a cucumber roll and the sushi with the egg bar thingy on the top (good description, huh?). The sushi was tasty...although it's pretty hard to mess up this order as it doesn't have any fish, but my cucumber rolls were not cohesive. They came apart at the seems and everything started falling out....pretty not great, but otherwise it did taste good. I would go back because it is cheap and convenient (right near my internship).
5	This is my favorite sushi restaurant, I've been coming here for the last 4 almost 5 years (about once a week) The service is great and the food is second to none. If you like deep fried rolls, ask for the brother roll.Great prices as well, most places are more expensive and do not compare to the quality of food and service.
5	Best all you can eat sushi I've had. Only $19.95
4	An Update:  Went for dinner on Saturday nite with my family and my son and his family from LA who came to visit.  Eight of us total.  Five of had the $19.95 AYCE and three had ala carte -- my five year old granddaughter ate some sushi; my DIL ate mostly 50% off sushis; and my wife had one 50% off roll and her hamachi kama.  I appreciate the fact that they take care of us and remember us as being "good customers" (I assume).  As soon as we walked in and sat down, the owner's wife bought my son and I a drink.  And of course my son, DIL, and myself had about six more drinks that we paid for.  They also gave us some of the ala carte orders gratis, so the entire bill (without tip) was really reasonable -- $155.The quality of the sushi, fish, appetizers, and entrees are still the same --- pretty good; not outstanding nor bad.  We had two orders of the tataki, which was pretty good.  I had an order of squid (actually tako) salad and that was good.  The gyoza was OK (frozen kind) but good.  The teriyaki short ribs were good; and some of the other non-sushi items were also very good.  The hamachi was outstanding, the smoked salmon and fresh salmon were outstanding too.  The sea bass, albacore, unagi, tako, ebi, sanma, ika, and salmon skin rolls were OK.  Actually nothing was bad and some of the items were outstanding.  I saw my son sneaking in a couple of orders of uni and ikura, which are not on the AYCE menu, but I never saw these items on my bill.Oh yeah, on the weekends it is one penny for the second beer (on a per person basis) -- even the big Japanese beers.  I drink the 22 oz. Asahi Super Dry beers and I had four of them (My step son drove).  So I paid $5.50 + $0.01 twice for my drinks.  My son drank his first free drink and then had two large beers and two tokurris of sake.  So for his, I paid $11.00 + $0.02 twice.  So the the pricing, the good customer service, and the pretty decent food, you just cannot go wrong here.  Sure, it is not the greatest sushi bar with the greatest seafood offerings around, but all things considered, I think Orient Sushi Grill is very good!!!
5	We usually go at lunch time, their specials are excellent and reasonably priced. Last Friday we went for dinner, they had a 2 for 1 beer special, $4 for the two Japanese bottled beers. They had a raw clam special that was very tasty. Their potion sizes are ridiculously large which could be a problem but we just asked for the to go boxes in advance and split the portions to a more manageable size. They do have a problem with the music that they play. For some reason 'Danny Boy' has been playing every time we have visited. I will ask about it next time.
5	I've been here several times and have never been disappointed!  The sushi is fresh and the price is right!
4	We've eaten in restaurant and ordered take out twice.$19.95 All you can eat sushi (which includes entrees & appetizers!) is awesome. I loved the section on the menu. The Gilbert Roll is my favorite.Not into sushi? I'm not a huge fan of the raw stuff either. The entrees are delicious. I've had the Chicken Katsu & the Honey Chicken. The honey chicken is ah-mazing! Just enough sweetness. I'm not sure how the entree dinners are served in the restaurant BUT with take-out the portion is huge!  I really think I could have shared with 2 other people. With that the prices are great.We also had sushi delivered (which we were nervous about aft first) which arrived neat and ready to eat - there was even a bag of ice to keep it all chilled.Overall, great experience here!
4	All you can eat sushi for 20 bucks!  Hell yea I'm down for that!Went with some friends for some sushi  on a Thursday night, and I have to say I don't know who lost on money here, me or the place, we all had the all you can eat and had quite a bit of sushi and rolls and normally that would have been more than 20 bucks for me.  And if you're thinking you are limited to the types of rolls or sushi you can have for the all you can eat, I can tell you safely they have so much for you to try, that you won't be able to, and if you're not into sushi or the rolls they have other dishes to have to instead on the all you can eat.Everything we ordered was delish and perfect! I have found me a new local sushi favorite!  I for sure will be back!
4	Update -- went again with my son's and their families.  Seven of us in total.  We all ate the $20 AYCE sushi and entrees.  Still a smoking deal, especially if you are a big eater.  And while the sushi is not the best, it is passable and worth the $20.  As usual the owner's wife recognized us immediately and brought over three glass of chardonnay, gratis.  My DIL is the wine drinker so we gave her all three glasses to drink with her dinner and she was happy.  I drank three 22 oz. bottles of Asahi and my son drank two large tokkuris of sake and one 22 oz. Asahi.  The other son drank soda since he does not drink alcohol.  My granddaughter ordered some things ala carte, although she is only 6 years old.  She knows what she wants -- she order a side of tuna belly sashimi and a kappa maki roll, sliced, with ikura poured over the top of the slices.  I think her two ala carte orders was more than the AYCE sushi price -- ha, ha, ha.  I like this place.  I would recommend it to anyone who want to eat a lot of decent (not great) sushi.
4	Just an update.  Went again on Friday night with one of my sons and my other son and his family.  Total of six of us -- five adults and one child, my granddaughter.  My GD ordered off the menu and only ate a couple of sushis and some pot stickers.  But the rest of us did the AYCE thing for $20 per person.  My DIL probably ate enough to make it worth her paying the AYCE price, but the rest of us, four guys, ate at least double what we paid, so this deal is pretty darn good for us.  And the quality of the sushi and the fish is relatively good -- not super fresh or of the highest quality, but definitely passable.A lot of places now offer AYCE sushi, but this place includes a nice selection of appetizers and entrees in the AYCE price, along with the sushi.  Yes, you read correctly -- for the AYCE price of $20, you can stuff your face with sushi, various appetizers, various salads, and various entrees.  If you cannot get your money's worth into your face, your appetite is not conducive to AYCE eating.Now over the years, the entrees and appetizer quality and quantity has dropped a little, but still passable.  I can understand this strategy -- they have to cut costs with all the sushi people like me eat.  That is OK with me, just don't mess with the sushi varieties, quality, and freshness.  And they still have the weekend promo of buy one beer at regular price but get the second beer for one cent.  So we were drinking the large, 22 oz. Asahi beers but my DIL  just wanted a small one.  But they ran out of that size so they gave her a big one but charged her only the small one's price plus one cent.  That was a good deal and I think very nice of them to compensate for them running out of stock.I am still a fan and will go back again, and again, and again ........
5	I've been here many times. I've had their chicken katsu bento box (thin fried chicken, small salad, rice in a square lunch... food holder), sushi rolls, and udon noodles. The prices are GREAT. They have a good selection of asian foods to choose from to feed your asian fix at a great price. The people are very friendly and nice. DO IT.
4	All you can eat sushi was good quality. Waitress said we could not finish but we proved her wrong! Four stars because dining area is tiny.
4	My sister and I frequent Orient Sushi on the regular! They have great prices and friendly service. I really enjoy how their menu describes every roll unlike some restaurants that keep you guessing! They have happy hour pricing all day long and even offer an all you can eat sushi menu. Personally, I've never had it but if you can eat I highly recommend it!
5	I.. had a dream: A quality AYCE sushi joint was located in my very own kitchen so that I would never be too far from the endless plates of mouth-watering seafood creations. Of course I then woke up to the harsh reality that I need to actually drive to get to one - life ain't easy folks.. Sometimes, when life serves you lemons you just have to make - er.. Sushi?Shmeagle Warning: We WILL remove this review if my precccious gets too crowded with all you hungry hobbitzes.
3	I'm camouflaging what could easily be a higher review because I don't want my neighborhood secret out in the open.... $20 all you can eat.... buy one beer get another for a penny (which i swear was every day but recently was told it was only Fri & Sat). Enormous bowl of chicken fried rice for $7. The staff is the best. The waiters are all awesome and super super friendly. The matriarch of the place is a bit feisty but hey, it almost adds to the experience. Takeout is SO convenient. This place just keeps getting busier!
5	Been coming here for the last year since we moved to this area. This place seems to never disappoint and is considered a hidden gem among sushi places in the valley. It's tucked away in the shopping plaza and often driven past from the Elliot rd. I've tried almost everything on the menu and everything has been great. The sushi is really good and affordable , the portion is just right and isn't anything to argue with. The staff is very friendly and attentive. Great place for drinks and food! The take out experience was also fanatic as I ordered 2 rolls and 1 main dish. They pack ice under your rolls so they stay cool during transit. Very considerate in my opinion.
4	When someone first told me about Orient Grill, I was a little apprehensive. In my experience, "all you can eat sushi" means "bland, low quality sushi." While this wasn't the best sushi I've ever had, it was still damn good. And for $20 a pop, you can't beat it. I expected a small AYCE menu but it was actually rather large, with everything from more traditional sushi, to the more Americanized rolls. Even better, the "buy one beer, get another for a penny" deal. And it was GOOD beer too! I expected Coors or Bud Light for that price. Nope, I had two big bottles of Kirin. Also, friendly service and not too crowded for a Friday night. Definitely going back!
5	Best Sushi on the Eastside, the owner and all the staff are on top of it great service.    but the sushi is great.
4	Very fresh sushi. The Rainbow roll is delicious!  Just be prepared to be there awhile,  because the service is not that great. Every time I've eaten here the food comes out late. We ordered spring rolls & gyochi (also delish) as appetizers. They brought out the gyochi which comes with a special house dipping sauce,  but not the spring rolls. We used our dipping trays for that sauce,  Then when our sushi was brought out, the waitress didn't bring clean ones for us to use for soy sauce & wasabi. We waited for her to come back, not able to start digging in...but she never did.  I stopped another waitress & asked her to bring two clean ones,  she brought one.  After completely done with our sushi,  They finally brought the spring rolls we'd ordered as an appetizer. We would have ordered dessert,  but dreaded the wait once again.  Great sushi, rolls are pretty big,  but not the fastest service if you don't have a lot of time.
4	YES!, all you can eat sushi, appetizers and entrees, all brought right to your table! It's like the ultimate lazy-mans buffet. They give you an order form and you can keep ordering and ordering...
4	Sushi delivery!I know it sounds weird, but these guys are legit when it comes to sushi delivery. They pack the cold stuff in ice and pack the warm stuff separate. All sushi is half off all the time and the minimum for delivery is $20 so you get a ton of food for cheap.Fresh, delicious, fast, cheap...what more could you possibly want!?
3	We came for lunch on a Saturday. We were the only people in the place through the whole meal. It is in a strip mall and the ambiance feels like a fast food place.  I ordered the sushi combo B. I got a California roll and a spicy tuna roll for about $7.00. this came with a salad and pretty good hot and sour soup. The sushi was fresh and very good, nothing exceptional. I would put this place on my list of sushi places to return to if I'm in the area.
4	I would never frequent this place as it's 40+ miles from our house, but the husband works out in Gilbert so today I came to visit him and we went there to eat.  The place is great!!! And very inexpensive!  I ordered the Orient Chicken Special and for lunch, it's $5.95 and comes in a bento box filled with a large portion of chicken, garlic & onion dipping sauce, salad and rice.  Before that, it came out with a bowl of soup (I chose the hot & sour which was delicious).  The husband ordered the bento chicken katsu, which again came out as a large portion.  Our son had the kids chow mein with chicken for $4.95 and it came out in this huge dish!  The service was good and the food tasted great.  Oh! And their sushi is always half off, with the exception of their sashimi and specialty rolls.  We ordered the tootsie roll for $5.00 and it was really good!  If we lived closer, I'd definitely be eating at this place a lot more.  At least the husband has a great lunch spot to go to when he's at work.
1	I am one of those people that travels quite often and always look for an AYCE Sushi place. I was in Phoenix area twice lately, I went to Mido Sushi in Chandler and it was quite good.I figured I would try Orient Sushi Grill this trip. What a disappointment. I ordered several pieces of Nigiri and there so so much rice in each piece I could not even taste fish. I was so stuffed after three piece not sure I could finish. Well it was as if I ate 3 huge rolls of just rice. My guess there was a quarter cup of rice in each piece and a paper thin piece of fish.I  would guess there was more rice in every piece than a full roll would have. I felt totally ripped off.I have been to a few that play this trick in my encounters around the US but this one is WAY MORE than other one I have tried.
5	I've only been here twice and both times have been during my lunch break.  They have great friendly and fast service.  I love their Chirashi bowl.  It's the cheapest and freshest slices of fish you can find in Arizona.  I definitely want to try this place out for dinner on a busy night to see how the ambiance is.
4	Let me start this by saying that I don't even eat sushi. I went in for a coworkers going away lunch and man am I glad I did. I had the Kung Pao Chicken and it was AMAZING! Perfect lunch portion size of chicken and veggies in this delicious kung pao sauce. You can get either brown or white rice and it comes with miso or hot and sour soup and a good size portion of salad + two orange slices. The service is usually pretty good and the staff is very friendly. The price is what blows me away.... for $8.30 I get a fresh, delicious, fast meal and a cold Iced Tea. I go in at least once a week and sometimes more.  lolSo let me get this straight....for the same price as Panda Express...I can get quality fresh food that tastes a million times better?  Done!Get in my belly!!!!
5	Amazing sushi! Great prices, we got 5 really good rolls for around $40. Really impressed, and when we asked for a special roll of the chefs choosing, we got the coolest dragon roll (see photos for a picture!) really nice place, will be returning for sure!
4	After looking specifically for an AYCE sushi place near by, I came across reviews for this one. The sushi was very fresh and the AYCE menu was not skimpy and included a fair amount of special rolls and plenty of sides and entrees. The staff was very friendly and attentive, although it was pretty slow while I was there but got busy just before I left. I highly recommend this place, especially if your looking for a place with normal hours and great sushi and really want AYCE for 19.95.Update: I have returned about a year later to enjoy this place once again but was a bit displeased this time around. The sushi was warm and not nearly as flavorful as the first time around and the salmon was tough (yes, the salmon) and I could not bite clean through it. I would have given this place a three for this visit so I have split the difference and downgraded them to a four. Hopefully next time will be better. I'll give it one more chance with the hope that this was a unique bad experience.
4	Just tried Orient Sushi for the first time last sat. evening.My advice:  if you enjoy sushi and eating sushi, go during the week because its a zoo on the weekends.The bar has a bunch of seats but its in the redzone......where everyone is walking ,talking etc. , waiters grabbing food, kids running about  etc....those seats were empty during rush hour when we were there. No wonder.I'd pass if you think you are going to have a quiet dinner with ambiance with your significant other.  It is NOT that place.Its a sushi factory that pumps out an insane amount of food to hungry people.Their  sushi is good...... And for 19.95 , i got 3 large rolls including a huge shrimptempura roll, 2 large pce. Yellow tail sashimi, edemame. My girl had the teryaki chicken with fried rice.....very good and the portions are large!Enough for a full second dinner of leftovers.Great value, good food but a place to simply chow down..... You'll never miss a sports moment because they have flatscreens on the walls.If you're looking for a quiet evening......try a weekday or head elsewhere.I may actually try their delivery service.The staff clearly works hard and was very quick to help us throughout dinner.I'm glad i live close by....... :)
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. I have eaten inside and have done delivery. My experience with delivery was great! My Philly roll was even served on ice to stay cold! I also ordered the honey chicken, which was recommended from many Yelp reviewers and for me it was too sweet and soggy;  I would not order again. I came back a few weeks later with a friend and ate inside. The place was not busy yet we had to wait for a table, then were seated at a small table that had rips along the seats. This isn't a deal breaker but certainly didn't leave a good first impression. Service was slow, our waiter was very quiet and hard to understand. We ordered 3 rolls (the Gilbert roll, the Vegas Roll and the Philly Roll). The Gilbert roll was outstanding!! I have never had sweet potato inside a roll but it was sooo yummy!! The rest were so-so, nothing great. I did like the fact it's always happy hour so prices were very reasonable! They also do an all you can eat, which I found out after I had already ordered, darn it! I will come back because of the prices and the fact it is so close to my house. Is it the best sushi, no. But it's A-OK!
4	I stopped for a quick lunch. I wasn't expecting much since last time I went was so so. I was great! You can't beat their lunch deals, soup, salad and 2 sushi rolls for $6.95! That's a lot of food. Everything was very good and it was very quick. I definitely will return!
4	Very good! I had the Sun Devil Chicken, Wendy had the spicy glass noodles soup, and we shared the Hamachi fish - and of course Meiya had the avacado roll and miso soup.Very reasonably priced for the quality, and the service was attentive and friendly.We'll be back!
5	A Gilbert Gem! Great food, great people and service. The owner is always around and eager to make sure things are the way you want it.
5	place is sooooo goood
5	Reading the other reviews Me and the Wife decided to try this place and we are sure glad we did the all you can eat sushi for 19.95 per person is well worth it. From the tuna rolls to the dynamite roll that I had it was awesome. Great atmosphere. The waitress was very attentive. and the staff was very knowledgable and  just a great place to eat and enjoy a night out. I highly recommend this place and will be back with our friends.
4	Just an update.  Went again last night with my daughter and GF.  Still very good and nothing for me to complain about.  All my previous comments are still applicable.
4	Great specials and really good sushi. Very unassuming from the outside but always busy. Quickly becoming our go to place.
5	This place was AWESOME! All you can eat sushi for $20 and that includes appetizers too! We got 5 or 6 rolls, tempura veggies & shrimp, crab angels, and calamari for $40 + tax. Definitely worth checking out. Every thing we had was delicious!
5	I moved to Arizona from Los Angeles.  I probably ate sushi once a week in L.A.  I always look at yelp for places to go. Boy was I lucky I came across this place. Back in L.A. most of the sushi restaurant are owned by Japanese or korean. This one is owned by Chinese. I have never been to a Chinese owned sushi restaurant.   I'm lucky I did. Not only do they have ayce sushi, they also have some Chinese dishes on the ayce menu. The sushi here is amazing!!!  For $20 ayce you can't beat it. Of course you dont have to get ayce. They have a full chinese menu and sushi that's not on the ayce.  If your looking for sushi and you dont know where to go, try this place.  You won't be disappointed.
2	My boyfriend and I have gone to this place several times and really enjoy sitting at the sushi bar.  The food is consistently good. The reason for the 2 stars is the poor customer service. We normally order one saki bomber.  The menu says $6.50 but when you order, the server offers a large beer without mentioning this "penny" beer special so then we are charged 11.50 for the 6.50 menu bomber.   We talked to the server twice and nothing was done. If you are going to run a great beer special then offer it to your customers.  There are a couple of other sushi restaurants in the area that offer better food along with good customer service and who promote their specials.  Not going back to this place again.
3	Place has good food but service has gone downhill. Literally waited hours for food with the all you can eat sushi. Server super confused. Very disappointed in this visit probably will not visit again.
3	Not exactly authentic sushi and rolls however it's tasty. With 50% off pretty much their entire menu all day, it's a steal.I personally enjoy the Hawaii Roll and the Spider Roll (also try the soft shell crab appetizer it's great).I wish the raw selection was a bit better (the cuts were not as good as expected), but the rolls make up for it.
5	AYCE is worth it. Try the chicken lettuce rap, salmon hand roll, tempura, seaweed salad, and calamari.
5	Love this place the sushi is always fresh, rolls are always 50% off. It is a typical hole in the wall place. Atmosphere isn't the greatest but the food makes up for it.On average when me and my partner go out for sushi we were usually spend $60 or more. But when we come here it's around $20. Can't beat that!
5	Admittedly, I rarely go for the All You Can Eat but I do often get the Noodle Soup with Chicken in Intense Flavor. I've strayed from my routine a few times and they never let me down. The lunch menu is affordable as well.
1	I've never wanted to stop eating sushi because the fish tasted weird. I've never ever had that happen until I ate from this place. I picked up food to go and within maybe an hour after eating some of my sushi, sorry to say this but i had serious stomach issues and had to use the bathroom several times if you know what I mean. On the other hand when my boyfriend had gotten home to eat his portion in which I wish to god I would have said you know this sushi tasted off and kind of threw my stomach threw a loop I thought his stomach would be stronger. God was I wrong and I felt so miserable for the next 4 days because he was having throwing up and having diarrhea for a whole day and the diarrhea for the next few days following. When we get sick from places it makes me never want to step through their doors ever again. And it is severely unfortunate that the two places him and I have gotten this type of reaction is from sushi places in Arizona. I love sushi but at the same time if I have to fly back to my home town In Northern California or go to Huntington Beach i will just so we don't have stomach issues from bad sushi.
3	Love the ACYE! great quality fish. They have a wide variety of rolls and appetizers. However, I didn't like that they didn't bring us food after a while even though we ordered. I felt like they were trying to get us to leave and not eat up all there food. They also have an individual order sushi thing, but it is more expensive. Good if you want quality sushi, but service here is not very good.
1	Please PLEASE do NOT eat here...A friend and I went here saturday night and had the all you can eat sushiThe sushi looks good on the plate and in pictures but once you put it in your mouth it is mussy and WARM!We did the all you can eat sushiThe lettuce wraps are lacking flavor and greasy.The crap wonton are hard and taste stale.The calamari is OK. Still not very good and was not hot.The miso soup taste like a can make it from a powder packet from the store.We had 1 rainbow roll ( mussy and warm )1 salmon and avocado ( Mussy and warm I also spit out a seed of some kind while eating a piece of this one )And 1 crunch roll which was just disgusting and I only ate 1 piece .This is an honest review and I really dont understand why they were so busy when we were there. Their sushi and apps that we had were horrible and made us feel very sick after we were done. Very much NOT worth the 60$$ we spentWe will never go back and will stick to our normal sushi place ( Sushi Go Round )Where the prices are cheap and the sushi is GOOD AND COLD.Thank you.
5	We love Orient Sushi.  We have been going here since the restaurant opened up.  We have done take-out, all you can eat, lunch specials you name it.  The quality of the fish has always been good, the service is also very good.  They even know my husband by name from all of the take-out orders we have done over the years.  My kids now are old enough to start enjoying sushi and they love it here too.  The food is fresh, the restaurant is clean, and the prices are very reasonable.  My favorite is the Norway Roll. Yum!
3	Not the best sushi in town but a great value during happy hour. I've been here several times and the service has always been good, I'm giving 3 stars because of the competition.
5	Really good food at a great price! The salad dressing is something to be admired, the sushi is always fresh and affordable. Try the curry chicken!
4	Very good... Low prices. Keeps me going back for more. Haven't had a problem with customer service. Greeters are always pleasant.
4	Finally due to wonderful yelpers I was able to find this great place.  I went with my hubby and my mother in law.  We love sushi but my mother in law is a vegetarian so I was worried.  Great thing about this place is that most of their Asian Kitchen Classic menu can replace meat for vegetable & tofu.  She had Broccoli with garlic sauce and replace meat for veggie & tofu. And boy were we excited.  So much fresh veggies and their tofu was yummy.  We also ordered sushi deluxe, chicken lettuce wrap and mixed tempura.  Their portions are so huge we will never do that again.  Everything was so good we finished it.  But we decided next time only one sushi dish and one vegetarian dish for three of us or even if we had 4 people.  Only reason I couldn't give 5 star is that our waitress was not so good.  She messed up on our drinks.  She forgot to refill our tea even when we asked for it.  She also seem to not know her menu.  Only reason we gave her 20% tip was due to that wonderful food.  We will come back again.  Hey even vegetarian gave this restaurant a two thumbs up:)
1	I've never had sushi where the fish was cooked before putting it in the roll. That was a first. We ordered a roll with salmon and took one bite, and spit it out. The spicy beef dish we got was your typical $7.99 all you can chinese on every corner quality meat, rubbery and really couldn't be distinguished between any other meat. The hot n sour soup was excellent I will admit. The service was poor and thats being nice. The waitress was polite and we got our drinks right away but we didn't see her again until our check came 40 minutes later. So we had that awkward we need a refill and the check right away because we're on our lunch break and please hurry. Prices are terrific though! You won't find cheaper food, quality of service, or cooking methods anywhere!
1	Blah. Appetizers were good. Calamari was yummy. That's where it ends. Got 4 different rolls. None were memorable. Stopped eating them because the taste was off. Server was too busy doing her side work to leave to take care of us. Sodas stayed empty, no check backs but she cod ask for the Soy Sauce on the table to refill with the rest. It was only 8pm and they close at 10. Won't be back.
4	After living in the neighborhood for a couple years, this has become my wife & I'd favorite standby restaurant when we don't feel like eating at home. Even friends from Phoenix and Scottsdale look forward to visiting us East-Valleyers just to go to our "neighborhood sushi place." I've had better sushi in my life but Orient is reliable, convenient & good. Heck, I'm a regular! PS: all you can eat sushi is now $25 I think. Still not bad. And permanent happy hour?? No complaints.
5	Place is spot on. My wife and I get to go dinners every few weeks. Always very friendly and the order is always ready to go with no wait. I can see they care and I'm happy they are in my community. Keep it going guys...
4	You cannot beat the 20$ all-you-can-eat sushi/entree deal.  Fish is always good and the saki-bombers specials are well worth the price.
3	The service could have been a bit better. Aside from that, I really appreciated the portions for the seaweed salad as well as the cool combo options offered. I'll consider going back for the combo if i'm ever in the area again.
5	I've been here a few times and wanted to rate them for a while but I didn't have a yelp account yet.  I have to say that the food is delicious!! (I only get the sushi) and service is usually pretty good. Although there is an older lady there who isn't too friendly. She dresses like she is at home, I'm guessing the owner? But all the servers and sushi chefs are cool. They have Music playing at an enjoyable tone if you're sitting in the TV area.
5	I love trying new sushi places but it's always hit or miss on whether or not the sushi is fishy. I always know that when I order from here it will be excellent. This is my go to when I want yummy sushi and I am not in the mood to take a chance on it not meeting my expectations.
4	Have been here so, so many times in last couple years. Although they have progressively become expensive they are still cheap. You can't go wrong with the sushi, I have tried and enjoyed every single choice. My wife loves the bento boxes too. However, you will have the most enjoyable time if you try their fabulous sushi  They have recently hired new servers who speak english to my children well which is good practice with a chinese household and they are all agreeable! The bathrooms are always clean too.Yes, there are reviews knocking it off for their lack of service but it is also custom in this culture to not bother the customer. So it is okay when waiter not coming by every 5 minutes. Also, there is a review about somebody getting ill from their sushi... It happens. They warn you on the menu and multiple other places that consuming raw fish may make you ill. It doesn't mean it's unclean, it just means you got a little unlucky. My family and I have never, ever gotten sick here and I have been over 30 times easily.The bottom line: No, it is not top sushi cuisine in the area, it's no RA, but for the price... It is agreeable. Try it out. You won't regret it.
1	let me preface this with the fact that I have been a loyal customer for almost 6 years... until nowI had a party of 12 arrive at 6pm and the restaurant was fairly empty. it took over 5 minutes for a server to greet us and another almost 5 minutes to receive our water.There were no napkins, plates, or soy sauce dishes on the table. When another member of my party got up and asked the manager for some plates and napkins (due to the server not being around), she told him "yes yes yes we will get it, now go sit down"I don't think anything needs to be said about the rudeness of that above quote.Myself and a buddy both got the all you can eat. After ordering the sushi,  it took approximately 35 minutes to get the first round. The server took the paper for us to write our next round down and it took almost 20 minutes to track down the paper. While trying to write the second order down,  the manager came over in a hurry and demanded to see our paper after telling us we had a rainbow roll (we told her we didn't order that). She continued to demand our paper until we handed it to her. She then hurried away.  We handed the paper to the server with our second order and approximately 45 minutes after that, myself and my buddy had to ask what the status was. The server said he would check on it.Approximately 20 minutes after that, another manager brought out my buddies two rolls and none of mine. The server asked us if everything was good. I informed him that I was missing my sushi rolls and gyoza and my buddies calamari. They brought all of the checks out at this time (weird since I didn't even have all of my food yet, same for my buddy)The server stated "it will be a very long time for the gyoza". I was shocked and asked why. He stated that the orders were very backed up. I told him forget it.We finished our food and I wrote on the check that it was the worst service I've had in 6 years...it's a shame because it used to be the best place to go. now the prices are hiked up and the service is way below par. do yourself a favor and find another place.hope this was helpful!
5	Really good sushi! I've been looking for a local place and have found one I can look forward to returning to. The lunch specials are amazing and such a great price. You get soup and salad with your rolls.
4	Been hitting this place hard for the last four years and I keep coming back for the tea, drink specials and the understanding that I want fish. And I want it now. I bring all my work friends and we tear up the all you can eat. They are always happy to see us. They don't give us the "you eat and go home Na eat sushi all day". They welcome everyone's requests for extra spicy mayo and never complain when we go through dish after dish. We make compitions on who eats the most sushi. Regardless this place doesn't hold back when I have ordered to go. I get free food with my orders. They love me here. They know who I am. The chef prepared my chirashi without asking. I couldn't ask for better service or fish. This isn't a high end perfect cut sushi. It's a home with friendly faces and hot miso soup. No matter what people say. This place is a gold mine in the land locked Arizona state.
