4	Pretty good compared to the other two in Las Vegas. I like that this one seems more for locals and not crowded with tourist. The shrimp were cooked perfectly, I find that the other locations tend to over cook them. I like the lay out of this one a lot more then the others. I was impressed overall considering they have only been opened for only 2 hours! My only complaint is that the sauces didn't really seem the same which is why I took a star off. However that star will work its way back up since its only their first night open!!
5	There's a reason why there are 3 Hot N Juicy locations in Vegas. Hot N Juicy is BETTER than Boiling Crab. I was impressed with their opening weekend. I had a flawless dining experience tonight for the following reasons:- SHORT WAIT - Don't let the 10-15 hungry diners in the waiting area fool you.  This place has FAST table turnover.- Greeted by server right away and drinks came by a minute later.- Orders were taken promptly- Food came out quick and hot (C'mon it's seafood & fried stuff...there is no reason why it should take long anyway)- Food was flavorful and cooked right!- Convenient sinks in the back for dirty hands.- Less than $20 for dinner for two :)We ordered the lemon pepper shrimp (medium spice level) 1 lb. $12and two side orders of rice (generous portions) $2 eachThe layout and interior is nicer here compared to other locations.Be prepared to leave smelling like the aromas of the restaurant & having a seafood or spicy taste in your mouth. Also, no desserts on the menu.The new location on Eastern is surrounded by many places to satisfy your sweet tooth that it is pretty much a gimme after eating at Hot N Juicy. Frozen yogurt, frozen custard, boba, crepes and waffles. You name it.Can't wait to get my hands dirty again!
5	I am excited that they opened a location in Henderson. It's not only closer to me, but parking is much easier than the ones on Spring Mtn. The quality of food and sauces are still the same as the other locations. It's a little smaller than the second location but the wait wasn't too bad. My husband and I shared a laugh that they installed two sinks outside the bathrooms just for hand washing, so you don't have to go inside the bathrooms unless you need to. :)Overall, this new location is just as good as the others!
4	I love hot n juicy. It beats boiling crab here in Vegas.  Would go 5 stars because I love it so much but there were a few bumps today with service and foodwait time Was a bit long today for food. My belly was rumbling watching food go out to guests that came in 20 minutes after us. I'm not a fan of the system where one person takes your order, another runs the food and a random fills your drink. Our server never came back and I felt bad asking just anyone who passed for lemons and my bill. I'm assuming they split tips because it's the only reason I left one after being ditched by our server. They were all polite however.Today we got 2lbs crawfish . Hot n juicy medium with a dozen sausages. I would say a 1/2 lb was just random claws with no body. Which is no good since they have no meat. I can't wait til spring when they get big! Otherwise they were fresh n tasty.1 lb of shrimp hot n juicy spicy. Way too mushy. Yuck. This is a problem I have run into at the other location too on spring mtn. You can't even peel them, they just mush up. I actually found myself researching that texture, I thought over cooking makes shrimp tough, I would take hard over mushy any day. It's the reason I switched to crawfish, but when I bring new people shrimp is always a go to. Fix this please! Plus a side of sauce for dipping... Yum1 lb of snow crab hot n juicy spicy. Good enough. Fresh. But next time I will spring for the king crabChicken nugget plate for the kid. Cajun fries were too spicy for him though. Oops my bad. Looking forward to bringing my sister in law in a few weeks.
5	I'm gonna write a review even though I haven't tried this location yet. I already know it's great. I will be your regular so watch out haha :)
4	I ordered 2lbs shrimp, medium, extra juicy and a side of rice. The shrimp was extremely over cooked, to the point where it was mushy. I ate less than a pound before I told my bf I was done. It was just too mushy for me. The rice was also mushy, they used way too much water. Service was alright... We didn't get our limes and salt/pepper until I asked for it. The food took a while to come out. I prefer the Chinatown location, but the fact that this location is literally 2 mins away from me I can't complain. This venue is nicer, I love the open concept. They also have two sinks outside the bathroom, if you just needa wash your hands! I gave 4 stars because it's still very new, and I have no doubts that they will improve!
3	As with any new restaurant location, there are going to be a few kinks. If you are ordering from the fried menu, be prepared to wait a while longer for your meal, even if other people in your party are ordering from the boiled menu. Apparently, even just after opening, there is an all-out run on the fryer. My meal did not arrive until well after the other people in my party. They had ordered the shrimp, which was overcooked but basked in the most delicious sauce I had ever tasted. I would give this location a few months to iron out the kinks.  I am returning, as the catfish was delicious, but not when I am under a time crunch. Maybe they need to invest in an additional fryer or prepare themselves more for when the doors open by having the fryers ready to go.
5	Best service out of the three locations.  Super attentive! Got all orders and requests correct the first time. Food was great as always, particularly good here.  =)
3	Service is a big deal to me. Having worked in all aspects of the service industry since I was 15, I consider myself more patient and considerate in regards to the efforts of other service industry people. My family came into Hot n' Juicy early on Tuesday evening November 12th. We were greeted at the door by a waitress. She sat us in a booth, and as we were just starting to crawl up into it, she asked us what we would like to drink. We hadn't even had a chance to sit down, or even look at the menu - so, of course we didn't know what we wanted yet. She said she'd be back to take our order...but didn't come back for quite a long time. We sat and did our best to make eye contact with her, my husband becoming more and more visibly annoyed as the wait endured. He finally got up and walked to the counter to ask if anyone could come over to the table. Considering it was 5:00 in the evening, and the restaurant was only half full, we were confused as to why we were being ignored. Just as we were getting ready to get up an leave, the girl came back over to take our order. And after all the waiting, the food finally staggered out. We enjoyed all the items we ordered. My husband tried the corn fritters for the first time and thought they were great. I loved the king crab legs with the Hot n' Juicy special sauce. We ordered everything mild, as my husband dislikes spicy food. I found even the mild sauce to have a bit of a kick. It was so garlicky and amazing. We will be back to give Hot n' Juicy on Eastern another chance, as this location is closer to our house. My 3 star rating is mainly due to service being sub-average, the food itself was good.
5	It was once upon when I visited the other Hot n' Juicy location on Spring Mountain and Decatur. If my memory serves me right I had no complaints with the food, the service was fine, and the concept of eating shellfish out of a bag was kind of cool. One thing that I remember vividly of the time was the shower I took that night I ate the meal and how much my hair smelled like garlic and how my clothes were marinated with the smell of the restaurant. Although the food and experience was mediocre, I felt like all the work to get rid of the stench was too much.Like I said, though, that was once upon a time. The other night, I was in the mood to eat some shrimp; some really spicy shrimp. I was out in the Henderson area visiting the in-laws and I searched Yelp for Hot n' Juicy with the intention of visiting the same location I had gone long ago, knowing full well that I should to gear up for the occasion and what would be required after. To my surprise, however, a location that was much closer to where I was popped up in the GUI and I decided to try it out.What a great decision! This location has recently opened up I have learned. The inside of the place looks modern and contemporary, they have nice big booths for dining and quite a bit of seating. We arrived right around 8:30 to 9:00 pm and there was about a 15 minute wait, which I was expecting for a Sunday night. There was plenty of open seating at the bar where I would have sat had my wife and I not brought our little niece along to enjoy the experience. There were 3 to 4 flat-screen TV's on each wall meaning if you every wanted to eat spicy seafood while you catch a game, there wouldn't be a bad seat in the house. Part of the experience was identical to that of the other location on Spring Mountain and Decatur; the tables are wrapped in plastic for you to discard the shells of the fish, gloves are given upon request, no lids for the drinks (although, you may be able to request one), and a little plastic bib to remind you that you hardly need to be careful while you eat.Another part of the experience, which I thoroughly enjoyed, that I couldn't recall (or perhaps didn't exist) from my previous visit to the other location; there was a nice ventilation system in this place. The air was only mildly filled with the flavorful aromas simmering from their savory sauces.Ok, now the reason I really wanted to write this review: THE FOOD. I got was I was coming for; I got my shrimp. However, I don't remember the food being this good! I ordered two pounds of shrimp. In one bag we went with the Louisiana sauce "spicy" and in the other we got the"Hot n' Juicy special sauce "spicy". Although they were both good, the house sauce was exceptionally good. I found myself dipping the Louisiana flavored shrimp in the remnants of what was once a pound of of Hot n' Juicy Special flavored shrimp. I probably looked like a rabid dog while I sucking out whatever was contained in the heads of the shrimps just to enjoy every last drop of the sauce. I was going to the empty out the bag as a drink, but by that time my wife was already giving me the look that meant I needed to take it down a notch; so I complied.I walked out of that place a happy man. I didn't smell like I spent a couple hours in a garlic-steamed sauna and I had just enjoyed some of the best tasting shrimp I had ever tasted. Needless to say, I'll be back, and most likely to this location.
5	Awesome service, great food. It's nice to finally have H&J on my side of town. I got 1lb of shrimp in the special sauce and it was delicious as ever. My only complaint is that I was told you can no longer order a side of extra sauce- but I wound up not needing it and nommed on some corn instead- which was a lovely addition and helped balance out the meal. Very happy about this new location! Wait staff were very friendly, prompt, and attentive.
5	This is the best seafood restaurant. The extra spicy hot n juicy special sauce is bomb, add a blue moon with that, to balance the heat. I love it.
3	So happy they opened one on my side of town!When we got there, there were still tables open. We had a party of 8, but the guy server refused to seat us until at least half of our party was present. Which the eighth was a four month old baby that wasn't even going to eat. It was understandable until the tables started filling up and the only table left was ours that a girl server purposely left reserved for us. Instead of the guy server out of courtesy asking us if the rest of the party was here, which they were, but were trying to find parking, (the parking isn't that great in this plaza by the way) he was pretty darn close to just seating the next party that arrived. I felt that was rude in and inconsiderate as we were patiently waiting. The least he could have done was ask if they were here or not. They could have been walking to the door and he probably would have just seated the other party if it weren't for my husband telling the girl server that our party was parking. That was frustrating.We finally sat down and ordered. When it came to us waiting for the food, it was taking a lot longer than I had experienced at the other two Hot N Juicy's on Spring Mountain. We were probably waiting about 45 minutes to an hour. We only ordered shrimp and the rest were chicken baskets. The other two would have the food out a lot quicker.  Definitely no more than a 20 minute wait after ordering.Every time we needed something we had to keep looking for our server as he never really came to check up on us. At this location, I felt the service was about a 1 1/2 stars. I love the food and the location which bumped my rating to 3 stars. I love how they have a sink in the hall to avoid the clutter in the bathrooms. I would choose this location as my least favorite out of the three, but since it's less than 10 minutes away from where I stay, I will be returning for that reason.
2	I'm being very generous right now with a 2 star rating and this is only because it was only 10 days since they opened this location so I'm giving them the benefit.There service was very unorganized.  It seemed that the staff was running around with there head cut off. Let's start with drinks.  They failed to refill my drinks numerous times.  There were a few people responsible to refill drinks throughout the entire restaurant and they had no clue who to service.The food.  The Pro: tasted the same as the other locations.  The Con: they messed up my order.  Forgot to add my sausage and corn.  In one of my bags they put the wrong spice and mix.  Overall I had to wait at least 15 mins for them to fix the order.Our waitress couldn't handle the tables she was assigned to.  She was a nice lady but she was very flustered and couldn't handle the pressure.  This location is very nice compared to the rest.  They invested a good amount of money to make it look that way.  There were many TV's all around so it was great to catch the game during dinner.I will definitely give them another shot after a month to see if they have improved there service.My suggestion:  perhaps they need to have all the employees play Diner Dash so they understand how to improve there flow lol
5	now that I've been here a couple times I'm pretty content. it's a lot bigger than the other locations. service is on point. (our server I thought he was kinda cute) food of course was hot n juicy! I'm definitely  a returning customer! :)
3	Usually go to the one in Chinatown. Was pretty excited to have one closer to home. I don't think they've gotten the hang of things yet here having only been open a few weeks. Service is slow and inattentive. Had to ask for refills and flag anyone down when we wanted to order more food. We came early and there were only three other tables here yet it still took over 29 minutes to get each order. Not exaggerating. I timed it. Mussels were slightly over cooked but still good. We would have ordered more but this was  just taking too long and we didn't want to keep waiting. We will come back and give this location another chance in a few months after they have more practice. Uris ended up taking great care of us in the end and I appreciate him trying to recover our dinner service.
5	Love the placeLove the foodLove the serversFriendly and a fun place Would return again and again
4	Thoroughly Enjoyed this Place!I am sooooo excited there is a HNJ here in Henderson, so it makes for a small commute!  Yes!a.  The cuisine - For those of you who are no regulars of the two in Chinatown, this is your seafood all you can eat place where garlic is supreme and vampires are non-existent!  This time, with a smaller team, we had 3 lbs of Shrimp and 3 lbs of Crawfish.  I like that they told you that the crawfish was frozen compared to fresh, but we ordered it anyway.  The good news is that we had it, the bad news is that all the class do fall off and while that is not significant as I don't eat the small claws, it seems just odd having a bag remaining of CLAWS!b.  The sauces - We had the Hot N Juicy and also the Lemon pepper at a Mild Heat level.  Both were very good and the Hot N Juicy sauce had a  slight kick to it.c.  The service - Everyone was top notch and very helpful.  I really like the team atmosphere of how they work there.  Everyone pitches in to help.  I also met Katie, the assistant manager and had a nice chat with her.  Everyone here is awesomely friendly.d.  The ambiance - Clean spacious and roomy!  They also have a hand washing station rather than just using the bathroom sink.  That is perfect as this food is messy!e.  Busy - We came at 12:45 on a Saturday, so it was only about 70% full.  I heard that they are swamped from 6:05 - 7:45 pm when everyone comes to eat dinner and otherwise, the crowds have yet to arrive.They will be having a grand opening on Dec 7, so I expect it will get very busy soon!GK says, this place is worth checking out!
5	Delicious!!! Get the snow crab with garlic butter and the shrimp with spicy Cajun sauce...soooo good..don't wear long sleeves..or fancy clothes..because your gonna get messy!!! But great atmosphere, good food, ok service.
4	I came here for the UYE last night and loved it!  The staff was simply the best and the food was good.  It was my first time at one of these seafood places and the staff talked me through the entire process.  I ordered a pound of shrimp, medium spice, with the sauce being the Hot N Juicy which is a combination of all their sauces.  you put on your bib and some plastic gloves and when your bag of goodness arrives, you dig in and start taking off the shells.After awhile, I got really frustrated with the slowness at which I was removing shells.  I took off the gloves and then the process became easier--messier fingers but faster work.Robin was our main server and she was a GEM!  What a pleasant woman and what a help!I will be back.  This is one of the things I do by myself unless my wife wants to have fried chicken fingers.  How you limit yourself if you don't do seafood!
4	Came here for a UYE that Teri W had put together!  So off the bat, we were a larger group.  Some insight for larger groups, they will divide the check into 3 different checks.  Were were not told this in the beginning so our server was kind enough to split the checks for each party.  Also they auto grat larger parties so watch out for that as it usually not mentioned.This was the first time dining at a place like HnJ.  There were no prices on the menu for the main courses but they were posted at the register and different places around the restaurant.  I would think a daily printing of the menu with the prices would alleviate squinting to see the price posted across the way and table mates not thinking that your staring at them when your actually reading the menu.  :)Our server suggested that if it was your first time here to order spice level that is one level lower than you are normal used too!  I myself am a medium level gal all around and decided to just go for it!I ordered the snow crab legs, medium spice with butter and garlic. After putting on a bib and choosing to dig in with bare hands, the fun begins!  Plastic gloves are available if you choose not to get dirty!  The crab legs were good.  They were fresh! and fun to eat!  I would come back here another time to check out other options!  Give them a try and decide for yourself!
5	Man, what a delicious menu! The entire experience was great. Multiple servers, and the sweet asst manager, checked on us. My drink never went empty. Nice to be spoiled by the staff!I highly recommend making friends with your server. They recommended the freshest catch, good deals and sauce/spice combos that were to die for. I ate 1 lb of lemon pepper shrimp and 2 lbs of the very reasonably prized crawfish. Delicious!!!!Fun, messy, delicious. You can't go wrong at Hot N' Juicy. Great service, great prices, epic seafood. Don't second guess yourself, Do It! ...Now to figure out the special sauce recipe...
4	Service was on point tonight, and food came out quickly. Much happier this time around!! I'm addicted to the crab legs with the hot n' juicy special sauce, so we'll be back soon.
5	Garlic shrimp.... yummy! This new location of Hot N Juicy, impressed the shrimp outta me. I was very impressed with the cleanliness and customer service. compared to the other Hot N Juicy i would say this is the best location they have. They have television for you sports fanatics. My best friend and I had dinner here one evening, we ordered the garlic shrimp and lobster legs. It was delicious and had no complaints at all. Service was phenomenal they checked on you and refilled your waters all the time. I will definitely go back to this place, had a great experience!
5	Great selection, great service, great food.
4	This was my second time to Hot & Juicy. I was NOT disappointed at all!Since I live in Henderson I was extremely excited to try this location out. This location was not nearly as crowded as the other 2 locations (although soon I'm sure it will be). I took a coworker with me, it was a first for him and I'm sure this will be a new lunch spot for us...here's why:Close to work...'nuff said.I went with my usual...1lb of Snow Crab, 1lb of Shrimp (with Corn and Andouille)I usually do the Hot & Juicy sauce and get this XXTRA Spicy...I got the Shrimp this way  but the AMAZING waitress, Molly recommended the Lemon Pepper for the Snow Crab. I'm glad that I took her advice!! We also got a side of lemon and pepper on the side. The food was good as usual but the service here was key!! We were not rushed, beers refilled quickly and she even held a Shrimp seminar for my Hot & Juicy first timer friend which was really cool!! I will definitely be back!!I will probably try some new things every time I go back but the one thing that I WILL NOT change is where I sat. Molly is the best!!Seafood, beer, Molly, Seafood, beer, Molly....LOVE THIS PLAY!!SERVED BY MOLLY AND I'M SWEATIN' ...WHOOOO!!
4	Ahh Hot N Juicy... I'm glad to see you finally expanding to somewhere more than 2 miles away...lol.  This one has the same feel as the others and still leaves you and your clothes smelling like it for the next couple days.The layout is great... lots of tables with plenty of space; not as cramped as the first one...just as packed though.Food is the same, nothing changed on the menu.  We did have a little delay with getting our food but that happens with 12 people.  If you are on the south side and was too lazy to drive; now you can get in on what all the talk was about.
3	Love this place but I am only giving it 3 stars because of an incident that happened here my friend took us out to dinner .They served our food in plastic pouches but they broke splashing us with the sauce. We didn't say anything but while they were cleaning up they accidentally poured sauce again in 2 jackets narrowly missing my friends very expensive  purse. We talked to her and she apologized and then she pretended like nothing happened.  After wanting to talk to the manager and waiting for a long time. They gave us a minimal discount and offered to pay for the dry cleaning. WE NEVER BOTHERED TO CALL THEM ABOUT THE JACKETS (.
5	I usually hang in Chinatown, but the sinks outside! the bathroom! Brilliant! Be sure to ask for Robin, she's one of the friendliest servers in the world, and was very gentle with the first timers I brought along. Also had the fried catfish for the first time, and was amazed how good it was.
4	The most accommodating server ever! We loved Robin!! I was a hot and juicy virgin - Robin eased me into my first experience like a true pro. I didn't come prepared but Robin anticipated my needs and took care of me. I have a lot to learn but I'm hungry for more!  We had a little bit of everything and it was goooood!
4	I love Hot n Juicy, first time I had it this past summer my girlfriend took me to the location on Spring Mountain.Just recently moved to Las Vegas and found that there was a new opened location close by to where we had moved!   Excited my boyfriend and I decided to order some for take out. Flavors were great and the crawfish was yummy! Loved everything about it, but knocking off one star because we didn't get any gloves to eat it with! It might have been my boyfriends fault for not checking the bag and asking If there were gloves, I mean I know anyone wouldn't really want to get that messy with their hands while eating hot n juicy.  I also called and asked if they provide gloves when ordering take out, the girl over the phone said that you have to ask for gloves when you order over the phone, so make sure you ask for gloves!  If you forget some gloves, just drive down to Walgreens and get your own box, that's what we did lol
2	Compared to the other locations this one is the nicest and biggest.  Although as nice  as the location is the customer service is lacking.  We have never had an issue ordering Garlic & Butter clams (simply garlic & butter) At this location we got it with the Cajun spices . When we asked the server about the order she stated they do not have a Garlic & Butter selection. My boyfriend didn't want to make a fuss so he was just going to eat it. The manager came over to explain the spices and was slightly condescending but she agreed to fix it and give him the the g&b sauce. OK problem solved...when the clams arrived the manager handed them to him and spoke to him like he was a child and again explained if  you don't specify that you only want g&b you will get the Cajun as well.  He bit his tongue because he was about to lose it.  I was kind of taken back by her tone as well.  When he started eating there was so much garlic that it as difficult to eat.  He was so over it and angry he  just did not want to talk to anyone. He felt it was done on purpose because it had to be remade.  I'm still not sure we will visit this location again as the Spring Mountain Locations have never given us any issues.  We hope they get it together and learn how to talk to customers in a respectful manner.
1	Given just a 1 star for this particular location is for the sake of it's name. Other than that, I would gladly had given a zero if I could. The other two locations on Spring Mountain are well rated because staff that actually acknowledged their customers. Unlike this location. Was the very first time for my family and I to come here because of distance, so we decided to come here. Came inside, no wait at all, no one greeted us, waited at the door for a good 7 mins, then sat us. Took our order after 10 mins, waiter didn't give us any specials, what they didn't have, what wasn't in season etc... Ordered 3lbs of Hot n Juicy seasoned shrimp mild and 1lbs of Crawfish with same seasoning. Order didn't come out till 30 mins later, without any lemons or butter, not even the salt and pepper. We basically had to ask for everything that was already supposed to be with our orders. Orders of food that wasn't ours kept coming to our table, waiters were confused and didn't know which orders belonged to what table. Ripped into the bag of shrimp, which was over cooked, but was tasty and little spicy. Ripped into the crawfish and the bag only had 2 big pieces and the rest were about a size of a quarter some even smaller believe it or not. Then asked the server if they had bigger ones they can change for me or exchange it with shrimp instead. She then said "oh they're not in season" which she was supposed to mention before we ordered (pass visits in other location) also with Boiling Crab. If she had mentioned that the crawfish was out of season, then obviously we wouldn't have gotten that. Waiter then asked a fellow co worker (man waiter) on what to do. He came to our tableAnd told us, there's nothing we can do, you can order what you want with the same charges that's on the menu or take it off the bill (very rude). So not only did we wait a while for our food, being the fact that my kids were hungry, they didn't acknowledge or take care of their customer needs by exchanging what we wanted since it was wrong on their end. At this point I was already furious and wanted to leave, I then asked for the check right away, ruined our whole dinner, and they even forgot to get my check, so I went up to the register waited for them to print out my check, and they also charged me for extra butter and rice that I didn't ask for, but I still paid it, money wasn't the problem on my end. While I was waiting at the register, two customers got up from their seats and asked for hot sauce, forks and spoons. That shows lack of customer service. Something has to be done. Perhaps a more thorough customer service education? I would rather drive the miles than to come back to this place. I WILL NEVER COME BACK HERE. I will stick to Boiling Crab. Happy New Year!
2	Food quality is there..Service / waitresses could be a little bit more happier about their job..The garlicky, buttery, Hot n Juicy smell in your breath and fingers need to go..
4	Love this place and love, love, love SEAFOOD!  You must like seafood to like this restaurant!  Make sure you ask for some plastic gloves when you eat the food or your hands will smell like HNJ for at least a day.  I love the food!  A little pricey but good for an occasional outing!
4	When my friend told me a "Hot N Juicy Crawfish" opened up on Eastern Avenue, I was thrilled!  I've always wanted to go but the other locations were a bit far for me.  So, me, my boyfriend and a friend of mine decided to have lunch here after church yesterday. I'm very happy we chose this place!  We were greeted and seated right away.  The staff was very friendly and attentive, always making sure we were being taken care of and had everything we needed.  Being that it was our first time, the waitress kindly explained the menu to us and told us all about the sauces and their intensity.  We ordered 2 dozen oysters and each had 2 pounds of crawfish as well.  The oysters were very clean and a good size.  With a little lemon juice and cocktail sauce, they were pretty tasty.  I ordered the crawfish with the Hot n Juicy "mild" sauce.  I was told that if I liked spicy that I should "kick it down a notch" because their sauces are one step up.  They weren't kidding.  The mild sauce had a nice bite to it.  I suggest if you don't like anything spicy, order "less than mild" sauce.  The bag of crawfish also comes with a potato and small corn cobb.  We didn't wait long for our food and began our crawfish adventure.  Before digging into my bag of hot n juicy goodness, I made sure to put on the recommended gloves and my plastic bib.  Once suited up, I opened the bag, pulled out one of the spicy crustaceans and went to town.  The crawfish were just like the name says, hot n juicy!  The mild sauce was a bit spicy, but nothing I couldn't handle. I actually like a little fire to my meals.  The crawfish were easy to peel,but very messy.  Thank goodness for the gloves and paper towels!  I devoured most of the bag, leaving just  a small amount on the bottom.  I liked the Hot N Juicy sauce, which is a mixture of all of the sauces on the menu, but I would like to try some of the other sauces on their own. All in all, I was not disappointed.  My friends and I really enjoyed our lunch at Hot N Juicy Crawfish and will definitely be back again real soon!
3	Love the garlic butter  snow crab. The food quality is excellent. They could work on the service but the food makes up for it.I am updating my review because I lowered their score from 5 stars to 3 stars. I've dined at all three locations. Every time I order rice they neglect to bring it. I have to ask twice for my rice. Everything else is delivered. What is so hard about remembering to give me my rice ???? It's so annoying. If it weren't for the snow crabs I would not return.
2	I have been to this location twice now. My first experience was great but this time wasn't.  I was seated right away and a waitress got our drinks out pretty quickly.  We ordered two lbs of spicy hot n' juicy shrimp.  The waitress asked if we would like it in two bags I said "yes please, and some corn in both bags." We also ordered some rice.  Our rice came out first and it was SERIOUSLY over cooked.  To the point where it had a weird taste.  A different waitress then came to our table and dropped one bag of 2 lbs of shrimp on the table with no corn.  I then got the attention of a different waitress and asked if we had the right food. I explained to her that the waitress we ordered from said we could have 2 bags of shrimp with 1 lb each and that we ordered corn.  She then took the bag back and came back with 2 bags of shrimp and no corn.  A different lady then brought out two things of corn soaked in sauce. Which was nice even though it wasn't in the bag.  Service was pretty terrible especially when I made it known exactly what I wanted from my initial food order to ensure the waitress would not have to run back and forth with different requests.  The shrimp tasted okay but was kind of mushy.  The rice was gross and super over cooked like I said before.  I will most likely try this location again only because my boyfriend enjoys the atmosphere.
4	This is one delayed review.  Better late than never, right? Teri W put together a UYE and of course, we weren't going to say no.  First of all, I've been to the Spring Mountain locations before.  The food is the same, but the ambiance is totally different.  This Hot N Juicy is bigger, cleaner, and has enough TV screens to keep you occupied while you wait for your food.  If you felt cramped at the other locations, then give this H&N a shot. I dig this H&J and as for their food, it's messy good.  Present during our dinner was Teri W, Terri R, Tracy P & Hubby, Khatherine & Boypren, Michael K, and Norm K.  We had a great time during dinner and our waitresses were efficient with handling such a big group.  Like I stated before, the food is messy good.  You can't eat here without getting food all over the place. Terri and I shared the 2 lbs of their Garlic Butter Shrimp and White Rice.  My strategy was to peel the shrimp, mix it with my white rice, and try to stay clean.  Peeling the shrimp was a slippery mess and it's a good thing I had gloves.  As for trying to be proper and eating with a fork, that didn't happen.  The garlic butter shrimp with rice was so good that I ate it Pinoy style (with my hands).  The shrimp was seasoned just right and I can't wait to give them a shot again.  TIP:  Don't wear white and use their bib.  PS:   The spice levels can be high by choice.  Ask Michael K.  He went for their hottest flavor.  I can't even imagine peeling that shrimp with no gloves and a paper cut.  Hah!
4	The seafood was very high quality. We had shrimp, crawfish and crab legs. Never eaten here before so "Dixie" our server was helpful in explaining the menu to us and even showing us how to open the crawfish. The crab legs were my favorite. Very large and flavorful. The service is what stood out to me. Dixie was always stopping by to see if we needed drink refills, more gloves, items cleared. She really did a great job! I'm not a huge fan of cajun spices so I can't say I will go here a lot, but it was a fun and new experience and the seafood was cooked perfectly!
4	Ate Hot nJuicy last night for the first time. Went with the whole fam-bam. Nine deep and a high chair.  None of us were familiar with the differences in crab. The wait staff was very helpful guiding us through our menu selections.  The food is delicious and the options for seasoning and spice are right on. The only bummer was paying 44$ for one Dungeness crab. It was tasty, though.  Overall a great experience and will be back. Hopefully soon!
5	Messy and delicious! We got a pound of Louisiana style spicy crawfish and a pound of the hot n juicy special medium shrimp. Our waitress told us that the "spicy" level was really really spicy, but it was still an enjoyable spice in my opinion. The service was great and the food came out fast. Definitely a fun and unique dining experience getting messy and peeling the shrimp/crawfish all over the table. My hands still smell like the sauces from all the peeling, but I don't care because the sauce was so good!
4	Been to other 2 locations in town multiple times before first visit of this location. HUGE, BRIGHT sign. really hard to miss =X located next to East Ocean Dim Sum. Clean and doesn't smell (yet) XD still new. Service wise. Good and Bad. Their service for seating is bad. Before i had arrived, 2 other parties waited a decent amount of time, to be sitting, instead of standing and waiting. I'm not sure how long they waited but i waited at least 5-10 minutes before they asked, and they didnt ask until a 4th party showed up and stood there before anyone asked. The service in terms of at table, was great. My water cup was never empty (almost usually full, which is surprising for a Hot n Juicy), food came out pretty fast as well. Food wise, since the last time i had Hot n Juicy (Spring Mtn & Valley View location), had ordered spicy. It was great but a little too much spicy, covering the natural seafood flavor, and my friend's stomach didnt like it too much XD. This time, decided to order medium instead. This locations medium, felt like a mild, if not a little lower. The sauce in the bag, seemed a little watery/diluted as well. My mistake, i had ordered 3 lb of shrimp, medium, hot n juicy special, in 1 bag. Therefore, we couldnt really reach the sauce. Had asked the waitress for a side of sauce, which she told us they charge extra for sauce, and recommended to get like a potato or something for $0.60 and comes with the same amount of sauce. The sauce that came with the potato, seemed thicker and tastier (to me anyway) so that sauce disappeared quite fast XD. Overall, good experience. Aside from maybe the spice level difference, it matches the other locations (always worrisome for me, that quality would be different between locations sometimes) For those who like watching sports, TV's everywhere, doesnt matter which direction you sit. I sat facing the front of the store, and i still had maybe 3 tv's in my view.
4	We like crawfish, so we have enjoyed coming to the original Hot n Juicy in Chinatown, but it was just a little far. Pretty exciting to have one right by the house now! I love that they serve you the food in a bag, right on the table, and that you can pick your own custom spice. The shrimp and crab legs are awesome, but the namesake crawfish are tiny - just ok. Prices are pretty reasonable and you get a ton of food.Don't wear your best shirt - it's messy!
5	My husband and I have been Hot N Juicy Crawfish fans since moving to Las Vegas eight years ago. This new opening was a wonderful surprise! The food is amazing and the service is impeccable, as always. We ordered the Hot N Juicy (medium spicy) seasoned crawfish, which were small and frozen to start with, but had an amazing flavor and texture. The perfect crawfish season is Fat Tuesday (2014 = March 4) thru July 4th - so we are eating these delictable critters at an unseasonable time of year. BUT still quite yummy!We love restaurants where all of the staff helps all of the patrons, and you don't have to wait for "your server" to be notified of your request. This is the perfect example of this customer service philosophy. Not only are you not waiting for anything, the entire staff stops by your table frequently to ask if you need anything. The assistant manager, Katie (totally adorable girl), even stopped by our table to make sure we had everything we needed - PERFECT! This wonderful addition to the Hot N Juicy chain will not disappoint. If you love Cajun food, you must give your taste buds a treat, and check out this new addition to the Hot N Juicy chain, just south of the 215 on Eastern. Yummy!!!
4	Great atmosphere. Lemon pepper is delicious. The only bad is that we came on a night where the crawfish wasn't fresh. They only had frozen ones. The staff is super friendly and actually looks like they enjoy what they do. Will definitely be back.
5	This place is so cool! I have never been to Hot N Juicy or Boiling Crab, so it was definitely a different experience. We weren't greeted right away when we walked in, but it wasn't a big deal, plus the restaurant was packed and we barely had to wait because of our timing.You aren't assigned a specific waiter/waitress.  Someone seats you/takes your order and basically if you need anything or want to order more, you flag down whoever is walking by.  This is both positive and negative; you never need anything until you realize no one is around, haha.  They have bibs and gloves available, but we didn't need the bibs, really.  I started my meal with gloves on, but they made it hard to peel the shrimp.We ordered one pound of shrimp with medium hot-n-juicy and one pound with medium lemon pepper. We also ordered one order of Cajun fries.  Everything really is hot and juicy!  All of the prices for their seafood are based on the market price, so if you check out their menu online looking for prices, you won't find anything.  The cheapest seafood item was $10.99 (crawfish) and our shrimp cost $11.99/lb.  It was delicious and we will certainly return!***Beware if you have a sensitive stomach like me, you will be on the toilet shortly after. Take care to order spices according to what your body can handle!***
4	So went back and they've improved a lot. Everyone seems to work as a team and someone was always watching over our table. I'm glad cause it's delicious and conveniently located!
5	Very good services and very good good. I will come back again and will recommended to all my clients and friends :) been suing for this location to open for a long time. So close to my house :) thank you for being here :):)
3	Decided to give this place a try and I honestly left without the most important thing.. a full stomach. This was my first time going here and I ordered 3 pounds of crawfish which were 10.99/pound. I ordered two of the Hot N Juicy flavors and 1 pound of Louisiana. The crawfish were large and it was messy and everything I thought when it came to eating them. Only one of my bags had a piece of corn while the other two pounds just had crawfish. I ate them the traditional way where I ate the tail meat and sucked the heads. I ordered butter which was 1 dollar extra. The problem I guess I have is the amount of meat that come from crawfish and the amount of money that will be spent on the amount it takes at least me to get "full" is not worth the price of admission. Other than that the main thing the crawfish were actually good and you come for those.. so give it a try .. but make sure you get those bags filled with more corn.
1	Ate at spring mnt locafion 6months ago.filthylittle place. Poorly lit food about average service below average. Very smelly like sewage. Ridin dirty restaurants this is one of the dirtiest in Vegas. Heard good things about the eastern location. Went there to eat horrible spice is inconsistent the waitress forgot our food like 3 different times they didn't get the order right at all not by the end of the night. My king crab which I paid $27 a pound for was cold inside on some and overl cook and mushy on others.anybody you write a good review about these places is not a qualified diner. They probably don't eat out much money do they probably eat somewhere like Long John Silvers. This is a horrible place at both locations completely rotten service with super poor quality food
5	I had a great experience at this restaurant. The food was great and the service was even better. I think her name was Shelby. Can't wait to go back.
4	A fun and unique dining experience, you get to be as messy as you like (would not recommend for a first date, if you're shy! Lol). You wait up front to be seated, but at this location the wait is never longer than 3 minutes. After you are seated, they start you off with your drinks, bibs, and if you request for them, gloves. At this location, they have a new spice level! "Baby Spice," right before "Mild." I always take my order mild, which is only at about a 'hot cheetohs' level of spice, so I'm guessing baby spice would not be spicy at all.My usual order is a pound of mild, garlic butter shrimp with a side of cajun fries and deep fried calamari. If your skin is sensitive like mine, I wouldn't suggest ordering spice levels higher than mild, otherwise your lips will swell!The service here is average on somedays, good on most. They once gave me a basket of cajun fries with half of the fries being cold. I usually wouldn't mind, but that order was for my boyfriend's mom, so I asked for them to heat it up for us and the waitress seriously rolled her eyes at me! Lol. Which reminds me they gave us those fries when we were almost done with our meal, so you would probably expect them to be fresh in the first place.Despite all this, I love Hot n Juicy, and will continue to be a regular.
5	I would have to say my favorite place in all of Henderson/Vegas area.  The Hot and Juicy special sauce is like crack. I love seafood and the sauce just makes it that much better.  I've been a regular at this place for the last year.  I've become friendly with the management and all the staff. I have not had a bad experience yet. The oysters with their special red sauce are some of the best I have ever had. I've had expensive oysters at fancy steakhouses not as good. I've pretty much tried everything in the restaurant at this point but my favorites are the oysters, clams, snow crab and occasionally i will get crawfish if I am in the mood.  It will be hard for me to ever leave Henderson/Vegas and move somewhere else that does not have one of these restaurants.  In fact I just ate their last night and I still crave it again today.  I first tried the place after seeing Man vs Food on TV. Noemy who was featured on the show still works there. She is super cool, very friendly manager.  I just tried it by chance to say I went there. I had no idea how addicting it would become. The management is great. They always treat us good at all 3 locations in Vegas area. The only advice I can give you is to wear a bib, wear gloves because you will get messy.  You will smell like the sauce the rest of the night even still so don't plan on leaving your house without showering like 7x.  I usually take all my friends/family that visit me to this place when they are in town when they just want to kick back and have a few beers and eat some good food.
5	Love the shrimp and crab. Great place to eat and get dirty.  I recommend wearing your bib and gloves.  Hot and Juicy medium is my favorite choice.  Service is great!
5	This location is fantastic.  The service is great and the seafood is delicious.  Fun atmosphere and an all around messy good time.
5	Super yummy! Friendly service and delicious food!!!! If you are not a fan of spice go for the lowest level (not so spicy)! Be warned the mild version is still a bit spicy. The hot N juicy special is so tasty you won't regret it (unless you loath spice).  An order of rice is so necessary because the sauce is too good to waste!  The service at the eastern location is on point! I went in for lunch at 12pm and it was not busy (WARNING this place is usually jammed pack) I would recommend coming when the doors open to skip the long wait.  Don't get me wrong eating here is totally worth the wait! The shrimp was cooked perfectly. The crab is succulent and sweet!  The crawfish is cleaned well and sweet to the taste.  The staff makes eye contact and constantly runs checks throughout the restaurant. Very cohesive team working here.  The atmosphere is nice too. The eastern location has an open feel to it compared to the original location. I Highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a fun and delicious dining experience.
4	This place is amazing!!! The food was delicious and the service was great. Hats off to our server Brooke. We will be back tomorrow.
4	This location is much nicer and cleaner than the other places on Spring Mountain in China Town.
3	Came here for my birthday yesterday, i was not impressed AT ALL.The staff at the Spring Mtn locations are more personable and perky than these ppl, i just didnt get the awesome vibe that i usually get at the othr locations
5	Always awesome but the benefit of this location is it is far enough from the strip to keep the weekenders away.
2	After living in the Las Vegas valley for several years and have never gone to Hot and Juicy Crawfish. Now I can say that I went. But I won't be back. The food was good  the atmosphere great, the service is what is lacking. We were seated and then asked if we wanted anything to drink, I said no because I would like to see the menu. Well no one came .  We waited and waited.  I said we would wait 2 more mintues and then we would leave.  Finally were served.  Food took forever even though tables that were seated after us received their dinner before us. I never knew who my server was. They all asked or stopped by the table. But never when I needed them. It's too bad.
1	We live in Henderson so we wre so excited when this location opened up. We tried it a few months ago when it first opened. The food (sauce) was not the same and neither was the service. We chalked it up to just opening. Tried it again last night. Service is BAD. Several people did come to check on us. however after asking for my husband's rice THREE times we finally got it at almost the end of the meal. The sauce for some reason is absolutely not the same. We both ordered snow crab, one with garlic butter mild, one with hot-n-juicy mild. Very little sauce in the bag and the taste is just different. The crab was not as fresh it seemed either. We both became sick last night. It was so different that when we left I called the location on Spring Mtn to see if it was the same owner. The girl on the phone was very nice and said yes. She advised me to place a YELP review and then someone would contact me. We will only be going to this location from now on, but I do hope they fix this one. If this is the first location someone tries I doubt they will be back!
5	Been to the spring mountain location many times && I have to say This Henderson location is awesome!!! If you like Crawfish look no further, Not only is the crawfish/crabs phenomenal the staff is Amazing. Valerie greeted us at the door super sweet girl, Myra our server was great as always she did very well of juggling both a few tables && Togo. Kelsey was also great she checked on us from time to time. All the girls was very friendly && personable. I love the fact that they work as a team && each staff member ensures your enjoying your meal! Customer service is a big thing to me && this location gets 5 stars :) Thanks Myra, Valerie && Kelsey for the laughs & good convo && thank you hot n juicy once more for not letting me down! See ya next week for lunch.
5	This is the second location of Hot'n'Juicy I've been too (the other one being in Chinatown off Spring Mountain Rd) and it remains off-the-chain. This time we had a wonderful server who's name escapes me (Brooke?) but she was very helpful. My wife had never been before and opted for a pound of Crawfish. I went with the shrimp (more meat), we shared a dozen pieces of sausage tossed in the hot'n'juicy sauce in her bag, and we also had an order of the corn fritters (a MUST have with your meal). The biggest thing for me was the recommendation from our server to toss my shrimp in the lemon-pepper sauce. It. Was. Awesome. My wife's only complaint was that the crawfish was a lot of work for little reward, but that's not the restaurant's fault. If you want more meat, get the shrimp. If you want to try new things, get the crawfish or lobster or any of the other delicious things they have. You can either have your fish tossed in a bag with the sauce of your choice, or order the sauce on the side. You also eat with your hands but they do have a washing station near the restrooms if you decide to go gloveless. All in all another great experience at Hot'n'Juicy. DEFINITELY go here.
3	Warning: Do not wear White.  Wear something you don't mind getting messy.  Oh... and if you have any little cuts or pick your cuticles... you'll feel the sting from the hot sauce.So... as you walk in, you notice that all the tables are covered with white plastic and everyone is wearing bibs and most are wearing gloves.  Right off the bat, you know this is going to be an culinary adventure in some messy eating.  And oh man is it.The menu is pretty simple... mostly shellfish... so if you are allergic I suggest you stay FAR away from this place.They don't have salads on the menu... or really any type of veggie other than corn and potatoes... nothing green anyways.  So, don't go expecting to get a side salad with your shrimp.You can get rice, french fries, sweet potato fries, hush puppy-like dish and bread to help soak up all the yummy sauce.We got 1 lb each of shrimp and king crab legs with the Hot and Juicy sauce, Mild.  Their Mild is like most other places Medium.  It's got a nice kick to it and after eating a couple pounds of shellfish... your mouth is "warm".  (Good thing that Nielsens Frozen Custard is in the same shopping center.)So you eat the shellfish with your hands... Peel and Eat right from the bag.They serve it to you in big plastic bags.... no platters... no plates.  They do have plastic spoons for the rice tho.The sauce is Great!  And I want to go back and try the Lemon Pepper which I hear is really great too!The shrimp and crab legs were meaty and had good texture... but it's all about the sauce and the experience.We had fun playing with our dinner... and because you eat slower... you get full faster.  So, I think that's a good thing, right?  :)Service was super friendly. This would be fun with a group of people.
5	I love this location. The building is always neat and clean.Service 5 stars:Our primary server lazar was a rockstar. He greeted and seated us immediately when we walked in. Of course when someone asks me "have you eaten here before?" my answer is "no, this is my first time." He gave a complete, simple and friendly explanation of how to order, engaged with our group asking what we liked, our level of spice tolerance and his recommendations. We actually added some additional items, we would not normally order off of his recommendation. Lazar continually maintained our drinks while we were waiting on our food. We were thirsty and we never had a chance to ask for refills he was there.Food was delivered timely and in the correct sequence. From that point they maintained an excellent wait time check on our needs and kept our beverages full. I stopped and asked one of the female wait staff what the name of our server was? She replied honestly "we are are all your servers here sir, is there anything I can assist you with." First thought: Damn the wait staff here got game. Food:  4starsOrdered 2 lb crab ordered different flavors and spice levels. 1.5. Shrimp, diff flavor and spice levels.Full oysters on a half shell. Oysters were clean tasting but were disappointingly small.Corn tots, didn't care for them but other members of my party raved about it.The service put this visit over the top at 5 stars. I will come back here again. Sorry BC.
5	WOW this place. Easily one of the most delicious places on earth. If you don't like it here I feel so sorry for you. We get the hot shrimp and crab. Wow wow. I don't even want to write this review because I'm thinking about it and it's making me so hungry. It's seriously heavenly. There's no other way to describe it. So so so so sooooo good. Pretty much the best shrimp "dish" on earth. It's expensive that's why I don't go often, sadly. This place deserves more than 5 starts. I'd give it 10/5 I adore the sauce on the white rice. My mouth is watering just thinking of the food. This is the place to eat.
2	And now sadly down to 2 stars. I'll likely not come back either. We came in this evening to get my king crab leg fix, and for $26 we were given two whole legs. TWO!!!! $13 a leg, basically. Such crap. The shrimp we ordered was a better value for the money, however half the shrimp was mushy and there were a lot of heads without bodies in the bag. Our server offered to let us talk to the manager, but the manager should have been brought over as soon as I complained the first time.
5	Hey Yelpers, this place is awesome. So awesome I signed up for yelp just to give a damn review. My group had the Hot n Juicy spicy crawfish. Don't be scared of the spicy, not like you're drinking the juice. Also had the snow crabs and shrimp. All of it was delicious. A BIG thank you to our awesome server Brooke. Ask for her, she did a great job showing us how things worked here. Great. Valeria also stopped by the table to see how things were going. She gave us all the scoop on what to do in Vegas. Big ups to her. As a matter of fact, bigs ups to everyone here. Even me.
5	This place is amazing and I love that they opened up in Henderson. You pick your spice level and sauce type and when it comes to the table, you dig in. If you don't want to get too messy you can always ask for gloves (although I think that getting messy is party of the experience!). The seafood is always fresh and cooked well. Great pricing on seafood too. An entire pound of shrimp is around $11.00. Get a bowl of rice with it because the sauce is awesome sopped up with the rice. Ask for Steven too! He was a great waiter and helped make our experience even better. Can't wait to go back!
4	Food was pretty good, but our server Leila was what made our experience worth it, she was great and resourceful about the menu, because my husband and I did not know anything about the place and she was so helpful with the lobster. If you can get over the smell and the heads on the food, you'll love it!
4	Four of us dropped by for dinner on a Saturday night and were happy to find them not too busy. We were quickly seated and the servers were very prompt about providing us with beverages.We started with a pound of black mussels and two pounds of shrimp in various sauces. After scarfing that down we ordered two more pounds of shrimp and an order of green mussels in various sauces. Along with the seafood we had some potatoes, sausages and rice.It's super messy, but the food is delicious and the service is very good. They are exceedingly attentive. Eating here is a delicious and fun experience.
4	My bf and I wanted to try something different so we decided on hot and juicy. So glad we did, service was fast and super friendly! Our server Aubree ROCKED! Super sweet and very knowledgable of the menu. Some of the most flavorable shellfish we've had anywhere.
5	First of all, our server Lazar made an amazing experience even better! Great service excellent food!! Snow crab & shrimp was the best
5	Love!! The service is great, everyone helps out! The shrimps are my favorite thing to order, the sauces are all amazing, the only downside is you'll taste nothing but garlic for days!!! So worth it.
5	Really delicious. The hot and juicy sauces are awesome. Great service. Our drinks never went empty. Aubrey our server was on too of it.
5	The food was awesome and we received very attentive service from the entire staff, especially Jessica!  Coming back everytime we're in town.
1	If you are a glutton for bad service, this is the place for you.  They may even add to your bill a couple of items that you did not order - as was the case with the two tables on either side of us. The manager was in charge of dropping off our orders and she did it with the grace of a cave man. She had a scowl on her face as she shouted out the orders.  She didn't even bother to place the items in front of the appropriate person.  She just dropped, literally dropped, everything off at the corner of our table.  Apparently, she thought our four year old son was capable of distributing the food. We had to ask multiple times for our side orders and for drink refills.  Seriously...what is the point of placing our orders if we need to keep reminding the server to give us our stuff.  How would the server feel if I forgot to tip him? The shrimp we ordered were tasty, but there were so many shrimp heads without bodies. I finally asked the server if I ordered a pound of Hot n Juicy shrimp heads. Poor fuc#er looked like a deer in the head lights. Don't waste your money or your time here.
3	I finally got to check this place out for my birthday. I'm from New Orleans so I've been craving some good crawfish and peel n eat shrimp. If I rated this just on food I'd give it 4 stars. I ordered a pond of shrimp, crawfish and blue crab with cajun spice at the spicey level. Spicy wasn't too hot, I could have gone to the top level. The shrimp and crawfish were excellent, fresh, a good amount. Crab wasn't the best deal, just two in a pound but I figured that.What could have been better... ambiance is just OK. Maybe a few more booths and a little more space between tables. Needed some baskets for discards so we didn't have to dig through our old stuff in the bags. Service was a bit slow but it was a busy Mother's day Sunday.I'll go back again just for the shrimp and crawfish and try the extra spicy.
4	This place is comparable to boiling crab. I prefer BC's sauces, but if there isn't a BC around, this place still satisfies your craving. Prices are ok, service is very friendly and fast. I got the shrimp in hot and juicy medium with corn...pretty great, crawfish in garlic butter mild with corn...pretty good, catfish basket-  don't get the fish basket, didn't taste right.
4	Great seafood.  Order the seafood in the bag, by the pound.  The fried options in baskets are not as good.  You cannot go wrong with the food.Though place was not busy (only 3 tables occupied), still took a good 5 minutes before we got seated during lunch.  Once you get seated, they are prompt and right at your elbows for the refills.
2	Just ate there today and I think their sausage gave me some food borne illness.  I say this because the group we ate with didn't seem to be affected except those who ate more of the sausages.  Usually me and my fiance have iron stomaches, but this is not the case.  It's ruining my Vegas trip.  Me angry.  So is my stomach.  Never visiting any of their establishments again.
4	I like this hot and juicy location. I feel that it's new and everything is clean inside and the seating is much better than the spring mountain location. The food is great which is pretty much the same as boiling crab. Just be prepared to get messy when you come here and you might want to wear something you don't care getting dirty.
5	The food is soo good!!!And the service is great! Especially when you have Leila as ur waitress! She's so cute and charming! I'll be back soon!(X
2	Not a fan. I've only been here once, but I know enough to know I'd rather go to Boiling Crab. I decided to get their crawfish since it's in the namesake. The food is similar to Boiling Crab, but Boiling Crab has better flavor. The crawfish that day was not fresh, so that made the meal less satisfying. I only come here when friends drag me.
5	We had a great dinner at the new Eastern location! We had an amazing server Aubree who had a spunky and upbeat personality! We ordered the peel shrimp and she assisted us by personally showing us the best way to do so. Fun and delicious experience. Definitely recommend and ask for Aubree!!!!!
5	Haven't need to this location since they opened. However came back to get a good fixin of Shrimp and Crawfish. Love the place, the food, the location. On this occasion we were served by Jessica A.  and she is like the very best server in all of their restaurants.  Come here and ask to be seated at Jessica A's table!
5	Awsome food!  Not a spicy kind of guy and our server, Jessica, was awesome!  She let me know what to order and my beer was always replaced at the right time!  Incredible service, good vibe, and amazing sea food!
4	One of my favorite places to eat. It's not too expensive it's pretty quick and the service is good !
5	My favorite place for seafood in Vegas PERIOD! Like it spicy? Get their Hot n Juicy Extra Spicy. Add corn, sausage and potato to your crab or shrimp. The shrimp is peel and eat. So don't order it if you don't want to work for it. I love their clams in the lemon pepper flavor. They have chicken nuggets & wings, mozzarella sticks for your non seafood eaters. If you don't want sauce all over your hands ask for gloves. They have them :)
5	The food is excellent and the service is always awesome!! Ask for server Jessica...she will take good care of you!
4	The overall experience was well-received. The waitress, Jessica, answered my questions and responded quickly to my requests. It was delightful to have such an amazing customer experience with her. The menu comes with the usual assorts of seafood creatures. I ended up with 2 lbs. of crawfish seasoned with Hot n' Juicy and extra spicy. It was good but I expected more of a kick. The Cajun spice was there but I didn't get the effect of volcano eruption from my mouth. I don't think the extra spicy even register on my Richter scale. If you're accustomed to Boiling Crab and comparing it to here, I would say Boiling Crab is spicier. The decor is quite different as well where Hot n' Juicy resembles an America bar and Boiling Crab looks like you got into a shipwreck. I will revisit this place and recommend it to anyone who has an appetite for Cajun seafood.TL,DR: Good customer service, flavorful but not spicy, ambiance is more modern, recommended for seafood lovers.
5	Food was on Point! Customer service was great too. Love this place!!!
4	Pretty good, very messy...interesting experience to eat out of a bag like that.
4	The freshest seafood in the desert. Plenty of bang for your buck. The staff was super.
5	What a unique place with the best crawfish and the biggest shrimp.  Get ready to eat with your hands and enjoy every bite.  The spices give the food a nice taste from mild to spicy. Our server Jessica was excellent and provided top notch service.  We will be back when we return to Las Vegas.
4	Great idea for a restaurant. Bags of steamed seafood with excellent seasoning. Great seafood in Vegas. Go figure. And Jessica, our server, made it a great evening all around. Attentive, sweet and with a delightful personality.
5	This location is huge inside like my muscles! Ha! Seriously there is a lot of room inside. Speaking of Muscles, we ordered the black mussels. Can I get a "moan!" Yes it was good. Blue crab and Shrimp was kick booty. Not over cooked. The very pretty server with braces checked up on us several times to make sure everything was okay. I liked that. When I looked into her eyes, I saw that deep down fire inside her to take care her guests. Food came quickly, things got dirty, lots of finger licking, had to use protection to avoid the burn... Gloves. I love going here, I love talking about the food, the prices are not bad. The menu is super simple too. Not like Applebee's, however their menu did shrink a little which is good. Remember that viral story of the girl who got fired at Apple Bees for some social media bullshit? Crabs. I love crabs.
4	Jessica was the bomb server! ! She did a great job of explaining the menu items and gave great recommendations on the seasonings. She even helped us deshell the crawfish. We will definitely be back for more.
4	I was in Vegas for a golf getaway and decided to try this place.  A co-worker of mine recommended after going to the restaurant in West Hollywood.  I ordered one pound of shrimp with the hot N juice seasoning.  This is basically a combination of all of the four seasonings that are offered.  The hot N juicy seasoning has a very unique taste that I didn't particularly like.  I did however LOVE the fried shrimp.  The breading that was used was spicy cornmeal.  Man...they sure know how to cook those bad boys.  They were so good, I returned the next day for a second helping!  I will go back again, but try a different seasoning the next time.   And buy-the-way....I really wish they would remove the heads of shrimp before they serve them however.
4	Great seafood!  Service from one server,  not saying any names, was the worst experience ever from h & j! Took allot for me to keep my cool on this one particular server.  If the seafood wasn't so good I'd give this place 3 stars. Took them 40 min to get our food out, and on top of that they kept forgetting orders!  All together or took over 2hrs to dine here. .  Never again,  I will be ordering to go from now on in this location.  Ps, to the server I dislike,  stop acting so fake cause everyone knows it.
4	I've had Louisiana Crawfish, so I knew what I was looking for.   Love the flavor, but the cajun mud bugs were on the small side.  Crab legs were nice.
5	I love hot n juicy so much. I've yet to cheat with the competitors. My order is medium spiced lemon pepper shrimp with sausage.I also like their corn fritters & Cajun fries. White rice of course:]I just wanted to say this location definitely trumps the other two in the city. I came with my coworkers after work and was HUNGRY! 90 % of the time there is a wait in the china town locations so I was so happy to be immediately seated.The service was awesome. Everyone who came into our paths or by our tables helped us or asked us if we needed anything.The other locations are usually super busy and service sucks and always forgets refills. It's high spice and sodium food we need refills!If you've never been you order seafood by the pound in different spice levels and different sauces. You can add corn, sausage, and potatoes to be cooked in the sauce also. They also carry different fried food baskets like catfish and chicken nuggets.  The food comes in bags and you eat right out of the bag and leave the trash or mess on the table. There is also wine and beer at this location as I believe there is a bar you can sit at.This isn't for everyone but I love it. Sure it sucks you and your car might smell garlicky but to ding them is silly. I don't have much more to say. I had a stellar time here the other night. Sometimes the other location almost over boils the shrimp as the meat gets stuck to the shell but not here. The main reason I enjoyed myself so much was the staff. We couldn't stop talking about how nice, helpful, and efficient every one was. If I had one thing to nit pick about it was sort of lame my fries came out awhile after the shrimp but it was still the best time I've had at any location. I'll definitely return.
5	Went to this place and it is the bomb. I had shrimp and it was delicious . I would definitely recommend this place for everyone.
5	We had the crayfish, the shrimp, the clams, the corn and also had the chicken nuggets.  We had a really good time the food was excellent and will go back!
4	My sister in law brought this home. Very delicious. We had the mild and spicy crawfish and shrimp. The shrimp are huge, and we loved the taste and amount.  The crawfish is an acquired taste. I was not a fan, but the rest of my family enjoyed the crawfish.   I would definitely eat this food again. Cajun fries super spicy- too spicy for me. But great if you love the heat.
5	If anyone knows a thing or two about Louisiana style crawfish, they know that Hot n' Juicy is the best crawfish restaurant in Vegas. The main thing that makes crawfish worth eating is the crawfish itself; hot n juicy is known for having the freshest crawfish being that we are away from the shore. Why is it important to be fresh? Because the meat is extra tender! Even when crawfish is out of season, they serve crawfish that is fresh frozen and it taste pretty decent. The next important thing about good crawfish is the sauce!!!!!! Hot N' Juicy is known for their over usage of garlic, but that's what makes it so tasty! Just make sure you don't wear anything or bring anything unless you want it to smell like garlic because the smell with stay on you for days!
1	After seeing several of my friends post pictures of their experience at Hot and Juicy, I was very interested in seeing for myself what all the excitement was all about.  We had a group of 11 go to the location on South Eastern around 3:00 PM on a Sunday. It was not busy and we were immediately seated.  After placing our orders we waited and not very long after the delivery of the "Plastic Bags" began.  It was my first time so I did need some specific instruction on the proper means to "Extract the Goods" from the Hot and Juicy Crawfish!As we all were finishing our meals I came to understand that one in our party still had not received their meal!  As we began to share our experience we found that many of our orders were not delivered correctly. Missing items were typical, then as we got our bills we found that we were charged for items we didn't even order and for some items ordered were never received.  All of this in addition to one of our party not even getting their meal at all!The level of customer service and quality of supervision at this location has much need for attention, especially during this shift on Sunday afternoon.  There was NO level of understanding given toward the entire failure to deliver one of the meals to one of our party of 11.  At least consideration to Comp the wife's meal would have been a Huge Step in the Right Direction... Not even an Offer!We had great expectations for a Fun and Exciting Experience, but instead found that a poorly trained crew and an experienced Manager on Duty resulted in a much less than satisfactory dining experience.  This type of experience represents a need for a lot more supervision and a review of Policy for taking care of Customers when there is a Complete Failure to Deliver the Basics!Don't know that we will be back, and that is a total of 11 that were disappointed!!Not so Hot after all!!
5	Like i said in my check-in, we love H&J and this is our first time at this location. All the food was best ever. Our server Aubrey gave us really attentive and personable service. We will definitely come back next time in Vegas!
5	Another great HnJ location.  This was our first time there.  We have been to the Fountain Valley and also the other Vegas location.  This location is huge with plenty of seating and good for large groups.The service was EXCELLENT!!!  Aubrey rocked her server job!!The food came out very fast and was nice and hot.The spice was perfect in all of our orders.  We had crawfish, shrimp, rolls and corn fritters.  Oh and hubby had some sausage.  The kids LOVE HnJ and love getting messy.Be prepared to spend about $20 or more per person but it is a lot of fun and really delicious.
2	Service definitely lacking
1	Hot n Juicy is my all time favorite restaurant, i always go to their original restaurant by spring mountain. But this one in henderson didn't do them justice! Their crawfish are so tiny compared to the other 2 restaurants by spring mountain and they have a really bad service here too! They forgot to serve our rice, so we waited for almost 30 mins to order a new one, and the taste of their sauces was just not very good comparable to the other 2 Hot n Juicy restaurants in Vegas...
5	Love this place, Im new to the area and have been to two locations. Food is great, service is as well. We had the same server Steven at both locations, he's awesome. Will be going back often!
5	Our table looked like a grisly crime scene... Severed heads, legs strewn about and disturbing moans of satisfaction.Usually when a drop cloth is put down on the table and everyone looks like a surgical team donned in plastic gloves and bibs most people would run from the forthcoming mafia hit, but at Hot n Juicy Crawfish this is a good sign that tasty things are about to happen.To say we enjoyed our meal would be a serious understatement. We ordered the shrimp & crawfish with Cajun fries on the side. Our server JanJira gave a very thorough explanation of the menu and made sure we understood the sauces and heat levels, especially since we ordered everything spicy hot & juicy with a side bowl of extra spicy hot & juicy sauce. We like it spicy bordering on a nuclear meltdown - JanJira assured us we would be satisfied.The crustaceans came out in unassuming plastic bags keeping them stewing in the juicy spicy sauce. The crawfish were fresh with succulent juice filled heads. If you've never had crawfish, don't expect much meat, just delicious flavor. To order them anything but spicy would be a shame. Shrimp o' glorious shrimp how I love thee. The shrimp are amazing. Heads ON! Flavor ON! Peel and eat, the side of extra spicy sauce was a good call. Much of the sauce is lost when you peel the shrimp, so the thick side of sauce came in handy to lacquer them with more of the garlicky buttery chili love.The Cajun fries are some of the best ever. The fries are glass crisp on the outside and steaming soft on the inside. We ordered another after we devoured the first. The fries are perfect to give your mouth a spice break when the heat starts creeping up.About a half roll of paper towels later with our white plastic drop sheet looking like a crime scene it was time for the check.JanJira is a fantastic waitress, very attentive and made sure we had a great meal stopping by our table several times throughout the meal for a quick chat.Next time we will be taking on the crab and a double order of spicy shrimp!!!Aloha!
3	It's solid shrimp. Good oysters. Service was so-so.
5	Really great food. Everything on the menu is great. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
4	Didn't know that this place had opened up more locations around Vegas. Pretty much almost identical to the original place except way bigger. Way bigger. Don't think you'll ever have to wait in line at this place. Food is just as good.
5	I came all the way from Phoenix to eat at hot and juicy and the severs(Leila and Kayla) where amazing. We had a great experience and the food was great.
5	First timer and wow!! Great outcome. Service was fast..let's not forget to give a shout out to the girls, they are amazing!! Amanda thank you for putting my bib on for me.
5	So besides hnj being the best place in the world to eat seafood they have an awesome staff.  Including this clown shoe  PIMP C. Aka (Camille)  Lol always in a good mood and on top of everything. Every time I go in and see her at any of the locations I know I'm gonna get good service.  Thanks girlie see you later this week for my weekly fix!!!
5	I have always enjoyed going to hot and juicy but this time was Awesome!   Not only was the food great but our waitress Jessica and Aubree were on their game.  They were attentive, friendly and engaging.  They really made the whole experience great.  Way to go Jessica and Aubree!
1	I usually LOVE hot n juicy, but today's food was just eh. I got a pound of shrimp, with garlic butter sauce, mild heat. I like my shrimps to be fresh; not all mushy and gross. Half of my shrimp was all mushy and I definitely lost my appetite. When my shrimp came in a bag, it was very securely tied at the top with a layer of two bags; that tells me that it's been in that sauce for way too long. I was super disappointed. The waiters we had were super attentive, although one of them seemed to be in a hurry because she kept grabbing the check when we haven't paid yet and asking if the check was ready when clearly we were still eating. Very unhappy with the hot n juicy on eastern, maybe the one on spring mountain is better. I used to like hot n juicy better than boiling crab but now I'm not so sure.
5	First time to hot n juicy from 3 years living here and don't know why we waited so long!! Compared to the other crawfish restaurants..this place is my favorite!! Got medium lemon pepper shrimp, corn, potato & sausage and was totally an amazing choice!! It was soooo good!! Had jessica & Rick as servers and they made the experience fun, energetic & making us wanna come back tomorrow!! What topped it off compared to the other places was that they give you gloves to use (I have a cut on my finger so didn't want to get the sauce on it) and they have sinks outside the bathroom to wash your hands! Oh AND the whole ambiance and feel of this location I LOVEEE!! It's interior design was so nice and clean and the fact that it wasn't busy made the experience so relaxing while we ate!! Thanks for coming to this side!! See you tomorrow :)
4	First timer at this place after hearing so much. My husband loved and I was impressed but not blown away. The hot and juicy seasoning was very delicious but I think next time I will try the lemon pepper. The shrimp didn't really absorb the flavoring as well as the crawfish did. I will definitely return. Service was excellent, especially Jessica! She was attentive, personable and more than made up for the slacking of some of the others. Its too bad they pool tips because obviously others are riding on the backs of others (Angela).
4	Nice place, tasty take on crab. Nice place and more upscale ambiance than the one on the other side of town. The workers are very pleasant but the service is slow at times..
5	there needs to be a spicy level between med n spicy.. picked it up twice togo back to back days.. first day was so good but it was super spicy.. their frozen cf was not bad at all.. 2nd day they had live ones but from calif.. got the med hot n juicy flavor.. not spicy enough and the calif cf just wasnt as good.. alot of guts though that was good =) too bad the one back home is so far
1	Way too messy.  Just not my thing.  And I know way too much about this type of cuisine to say give it a shot if you want the experience.  No.  They bring your food to you in bags.  No.  So okay, you don't go here to be healthy to begin with, but really?  And it is just so messy, everything was so messy and it really did not taste that good after all.  No.
5	OMG! Why haven't I tried this place before? The clams are fresh and sooo tasty. The staff warn us not to take the hottest spice level. We listened and are grateful. We took the 2nd level down, be-careful when you eat the crawfish, the spicy juice may splatter into your eyes.
5	My friend and I went to Hot and Juicy for lunch yesterday and shared a bag of shrimp, an order of sweet potato fries, and an order of corn fritters. Plenty of delicious food to share! The only thing I felt that could have helped the meal was a great sauce for the sweet potato fries- they were served with ketchup, which was ok, but could have been better. The corn fritters were delicious, the shrimp- "over the top" and the service was perfect!!!! Aubree was our server and she was so attentive and friendly! We can't wait to come back and hope to get served by Aubree again!
1	What a terrible experience. Have always gone to the one in China town and that one is great. Was close by so figured it would be the same. Boy was I wrong. This young blonde girl who started as our waitress (I told them to not send her back) seemed to be on drugs or left her brain at home. We ordered 1 lbs of baby spice shrimp butter garlic, 1 lbs of lemon pepper medium, 1 lbs of lemon pepper medium with corn, 3 rice, 2 waters,  and 1 unsweetened tea. First she brought me raspberry tea, corrected her it was unsweetened tea, brought it to me with sugar on the side. Smh. Food got here and got about 1 1/2 lbs of the butter garlic that was the complete opposite of baby spice. Then the other 1 lbs bags were about half a pound, and one was missing corn. Had to constantly ask for refills on my tea. My auntie wanted the least hot spice, and got the hottest on the menu, no wonder she was so miserable by the time we finished. I will NEVER come back to this location,  now as I'm writing this and get my check, she brings my check with charging me 4 lbs. Looking for the GM. This place is a joke. Stand by..... Ok so GM tried to fix the ticket and messed that up. Ended up leaving being charged for 2lbs, 3 rice, 1 corn. Sure hope this GM can turn this place around.
4	Hot and Juicy Crawfish was good but not as good as Hang 10 in Alameda, CA.  I had shrimp in the Hot an Juicy medium sauce which is a combination of all of the sauces. It would have been better without the lemon pepper in the sauce. The shrimp were large and cooked perfect. It is weird to have the wait staff in a restaurant this small to all be wearing walkie-talkies and earpieces. The staff was very attentive to the guest. I can't wait to try the new location in Orlando since that is where I live.
1	The food is always consistently tasty and way overpriced. Problem is, it's the service at this specific location. It is just appalling here. Actually, it's like pulling teeth everytime we come here. They are quick to snap at you for asking a simple request and immediately give you attitude for pointing out something simple. The last time we were there, the server just could not be bothered with being courteous and spraying herself with body spray. I do not appreciate being smothered by smoke before, during and after I eat in a non-smoking restaurant. It is disgusting.
5	Awesome food and service! Food was tasty especially the hot and juicy sauce.  Servers were very attentive and kept our drinks coming.
5	The food was great and came out fast! Our server Jessica was friendly and attentive. Our drinks were always full and she made sure we got everything we asked for. This was my first time here, and I will definitely come back when the craving hits again!
2	I love hot n juicy. But I'm going to stick to the locations on spring mountain because the service at this location SUCKS. Our server was a Filipino guy and he was friendly and upbeat, but he seemed more interested in having conversations with his co workers behind the registers. He forgot our refills so after 15 mins we had to get another server's attention. And she forgot too! Food was good, but the service at this location isn't the same like the other locations. The girls and guys at the spring mountain locations are always moving fast and friendly. Won't be coming here again.
5	Hot and juicy rocked again my girlfriend and I were served quickly and the crab and shrimp was off the chart good. Hostess aubree was quick and kind very cool.
4	I could probably eat 3 or 4 pounds of seafood here.  The seasonings are great and the seafood is pretty fresh.  Prices are affordable.  You won't catch me wearing a bib though.
2	HOT & JUICY? oh you meant HOT AND BLOODY.Two stars for the restaurant that doesn't set the bar.Walked in, not greeted just looked at.3 minutes pass and a server goes,"Hi have you been served?"OBVIOUSLY NOT. Ordered to go by the bar.I ordered:1/2 lb shrimp && 1/2 lb sausage RiceCorn frittersTartar sauce*check out my videos and pics of the shrimp(not for the faint)*the sausage was alright, thin slices *i don't understand why you would dip the corn fritters with the ranch sauce. Who is the chef? Like corn fritters are sweet and then dip it in savory ranch sauce why?*tartar sauce is sour ehhhhAfter seeing the shrimp by god all I tasted was blood. Service was okay. I'm done.I'm going back to boiling crab.
5	We come here once or twice a month. Food is always great. Aubree served us last night and was absolutely wonderful in spite of situation out of her control. This isn't the first time Aubree has served us and she's always been great! We will be back soon!
4	Good restaurant if you are craving spicy seafood. First, do not wear nice clothes if you  are eating at Hot N Juicy. You are using your hands most of the time and the plastic bib can come of easily, so expect some splashed sauce on you clothing. I always go for their shrimp with Hot n Juicy sauce. The shrimps are fresh and huge. The sauce suites the the shrimp meat very well. I also love their seasoned fries. The parking and customer service is also very good.
4	Super good, I always get mine to go.. Only thing I'd say they could work on are their prices. Boiling crab has the exact same stuff (taste a little better too) for cheaper.. The staff is super friendly and fast so that's the reason I don't mind going here.
