4	So your from Los Angeles(Hacienda Hts, San Gabriel, Monterey Park) or San Francisco(Oakland) or New York (Flushing) and you're jaded palate has had all the boba tea drinks from all the new "cafes" that do the coffee, iced coffee, frozen slushes, juices, health drinks, etc.  But sometimes you just have to go back to the old stand bys.  Lollicup is almost a venerable institution in the boba tea drink world.  Long established in Taiwan and sprouting up in almost every little neighborhood street, its been a long time purveyor of syrupy sweet icey drink (and hot ones) to students, office ladies, and workers coming and going to work or home or school.  Thankfully, the Lollicup in Chandler has the same tastes as Lollicups all over the world.  So if you're craving the passion fruit green tea with boba or pudding or lychee jelly cubes then your in luck.  But if you want something else to tickle the taste buds?  Well, they have an extensive list from red teas, oolong, green tea jasmine, macha (japanese green tea), to juices etc.  Then pair those up to fruits from Kiwi, grapefruit, kumquat, green mango, mango, peach, guava, durian,jackfruit, etc.  Milk tea drinks also abound so if you have a hankering for an english style, its here too.There is a small menu of things to eat which will satisfy you if you are in a rush or too hungry to go anywhere.  They have decent xiao long bao, some great crispy fried chicken nuggets (Taiwan style), noodles, pork chop, etc.  The staff and owner are great and extremely accommodating.  The place gets busy in the evenings and around meal time.  You'll see alot of the Asian youth and even their parents here.  People sometimes linger and read the magazines or play bridge or simply talk.  So if you like cafe culture, sweet drinks, convivial atmosphere, some good cheap eats, then you lucked out.
4	I had never had boba tea up until a month or so ago, when a coworker brought me a cup one night for work. I'll admit, I was skeptic at first, and rather nervous. The thought of those little black tapioca balls floating around in my tea made me cringe. However, after judging the tea on the cute little cup and fun extra wide straw, I decided I would give it a try. I drank most of the tea first, which is delish! Not too sweet and not too milky. I was still scared of possibly sucking up a ball by surprise, so I was extra careful not to. Finally though (through much annoyance of my friend), I slowly sucked up a boba ( I say slowly as to not choke on it, hilariously, there is a warning for this on the cup).  They are very chewy and a little slimy, so the texture threw me off at first, but eventually I got over it. And once I got over it, let me tell you, that boba was doomed. I've made the 30 mile or so drive a couple of times to get this stuff, it's so good. I really wished there was one closer to my house! (Although I think they sell them at the Cultural Center - I'll have to check it out).
3	Eh, it's okay.  The drinks aren't really anything special from any of the other boba places in the Phoenix area.  The only good thing about this place is that they are one of the few places that serves any Taiwanese food here in AZ.  Downside is the pushy owner lady who mad stalks people and asks them where they've been if they haven't come in in a while.  Way to come off as a slight degree above car salesman pushy/creepy.
4	Bangarang!Not only does Lollicup serve boba, tea and other assorted Asian drinks. But they also have a wide assortment of inexpensive food.  When you walk into a this place you realize that it must be authentic.  It is always full of real live Asian people who are having the time of their lives.  It is like walking into an Italian restaurant and seeing the entire cast of the Sopranos.  Sure you might be a little scared at first but in your heart you know that you are in for a treat/adventure, or a treatventure according to the word I just made up.I got the Thai Iced tea and The Steam Pork buns.  I have only had better Thai iced tea at the Thai Hut in Phoenix, but in all fairness that was after a night long bender in which one of my friends may have gained carnal knowledge of a melon. So it really is not fair to compare seeing as how my mind was already blown that day.The Steamed Pork Buns were amazing. They do take a little while longer to make than normal. But when you cram that much awesome into a little bun thing it is best not to rush.They also have an assortment of games that you can play while waiting or eating.  More places need to have games available. You here me Rose and Crown?  I want to play games!There is a Bigfoot like rumor about free Wi-Fi here as well.  This has yet to be tested.  I will assemble a crack team of battleship playing nerds to asses this claim as soon as possible.  Stay Tuned.
5	Lollicup is pretty awesome, and I can't decide if I like them or Boba Tea House better.  Lollicup's boba is a bit more chewy, while Boba Tea House's is a bit softer.  I like the softer boba, but Boba Tea House's boba is almost completely flavorless while Lollicup's has this very subtle sweet flavor that's just awesome.If you like new and interesting things, I'd highly recommend the Ginger Milk Tea.  It's very gingery and a bit spicy, but it's probably unlike anything you've ever had and is just really different in a good way.Don't forget to get a punch card so you can get free drinks if you go here often :)
2	I think the five stars reviews must people from people who have never had boba elsewhere before, and have conflated the lovely drink with this particular establishment in their reviews.The boba itself is usually fairly good here, at least most of the time, but this it's not very welcoming. The staff is either friendly or uncaring/weird, depending on who you are - and if you're not friends with them from elsewhere it'll almost certainly be the latter. Service is rather bad, you're likely to be mischarged (check your receipt!), given the wrong thing, or you'll end up waiting forever for your drink.Most of the magazines are Asian, so unless you read then you won't enjoy those, and the games are frequently missing pieces. The computers are almost always occupied and if you go in the evening you're likely to run into annoyingly loud groups of kids.Go a mile west and get a sandwich + boba at Lee's or just get boba at Boba House.And to the dude who is impressed by all of the "real live Asian people", seriously? Do you also judge mexican food places by how many mexicans are eating there? Or maybe you were just unaware that "real Asians" existed in Arizona? Stop being (or at least sounding) so ignorant.
3	I went thinking it is gonna be like the one in Alhambra, CA....it wasn't.  I think this place just opened or something because the decor was the bare minimum.  Even though I've been there several times, I've never seen more than 3 people. Don't get me wrong though, I think this place has potential with right amount of changes.  Try The Street right next to Hodori in Mesa.  *Atmosphere - NOT hip.  *Decor = can do better.*Boba = they are soft usually....but not flavorful.*Milk tea = pretty good.
5	Awesome food with decent drinks.  They have better drinks than Taiwan express but the menu is allot smaller.  I highly recommend Lollicup if you like Chinese food that doesn't taste like glorified Panda Express.  Whenever I go It's patrons are usually all speaking Chinese which is how I gauge food authenticity.  More native patrons equals more authentic food.
5	This place is great. The owner is very friendly, and she is very patient with people's orders (there are so many choices on the menu!). I personally get the Taro or Coconut snow with Boba. I have never tried the food here, but I have heard it is good too.The place has board games, and you frequently see people playing battleships or cards at the tables when you go in. I spent part of 2009 studying abroad in China, and compared to some of the places I went to over there, this is just as good.
3	So...I was in the mood for some boba today and decided, shoot, what the heck, I'll try some place new. Lollicup is a nice place, very clean and it has free wi-fi...always important. The owners were very friendly and service was very fast.The drinks were good. Nothing extraordinary...I think it was pretty similar to Lee's and that other Boba place at Alma School and Elliot (forget what its called). I had the Almond Tea Milk...good flavor, lot's of Boba but not enough ice. It as all melted in like 5 minutes. I did, however, enjoy the really neato-nifty-Asian vacuumed sealed lids they put on top of the cups. Way cool.My daughter got a Watermelon smoothie, which she drank a little of and then said she didn't like it. I tasted it, it wasn't bad. I think she was weirded out by the boba. It was her first experience with them and despite being 1/4 Korean, she wasn't too fond of them.I also ordered edamame because you have to have a bill of $10 to use a debit card (so if you don't order more than 3 drinks, make sure you have cash). Edamame was edamame...tasty as usual, but nothing special.I thought the drinks were a little pricey, but in the normal scope for those things.All in all, a good experience. Not a place I'd go to every day, but a fun treat every once in awhile.
5	Lollicup has fair prices and a wide variety of flavor choices. The owner is so friendly and always welcomes us. There are tons of games/magazines to check out and free wireless too.This is a favorite spot of ours.
3	Lollicup is a franchise I first experienced back in LA.  I come here every now and then, but the odd location is definitely not favorable for business.  It's so quiet...too quiet at times.  I have some Boba and zzzzzzz.....  I'm sure this place does well for pickups to stay around.  Nothing too special about their Bobas except the cup says Lollicup not some other store name.  I'm used to the Boba service - give me my Boba without a smile and go about your way - fair enough I guess.  Decor...um sure they have chairs and tables.  What's pretty cool about this place is the board games.  Any one for some Connect 4?  I was champ back in the 4th grade...oh yeah...and I was sporting a bowl cut hairstyle too while connecting my fours ;) - enjoy!
3	Its okay, but not the best boba I ever had.Not bad for Arizona, thats all I can say.They have some good appetizers (like the popcorn chicken like things).Good place to sit and chill with friends over a cup of treats.
5	I love this place.  Seriously, I love this place.  It's the only spot I go to in AZ for my boba fix, and I've certainly looked around a lot, and decided that this Lollicup is IT for me.Drinks are also consistently good.  Boba is always the right texture, and the drinks are cold without a lot of ice (a good thing!)  The atmosphere is casual and friendly - it's definitely a place to linger over your drinks, their yummy food (LOVE the sausage meal, the fried tofu, and the steamed pork dumplings), and a magazine or game.Owners are very friendly - in fact, I don't even have to order anymore when I go there.  I just walk in and she has rung me up by the time I reach the counter, because she remembers me and my never changing drink order.So happy I found this place.  I became a total boba addict when living in the Bay Area, and when I moved back to AZ, there was hardly anywhere to get good boba.  I actually resorted to trying to make it myself (not as easy as some would lead you to believe to get the right texture in the boba).  Fortunately, with Lollicup near by, I can now just go there for my fix.
3	Eh was definitely not as good as the other boba house, in tempeThe boba was sorta not up to par and my melon slush was more like semi cold melon milk. Also one drink that was about 16 oz was 5-6 dollarsIm down to give lollicup another try but I've found that mom and pop places are usually better at boba (or maybe I'm just spoiled by Cali Boba Shops)
4	After a disappointing trip to Chandler, way out of the way for Phoenix Muni, we went here to redeem our trip. With Bing Soo's now at the end of their era, we had to resort to the old favorite....boba (did you really wonder with a name like boba snob??).This is a usually fairly reliable chain, so we drove on by. Lots of choices. We both decided on snows. Me in my usual creamy, milk coffee type drink and SG with his fruity drink. I got the vanilla snow with boba and SG got the watermelon snow with boba.Mine was great, except the boba were a little over cooked. SG's was quite sweet and was interesting as a milky watermelon snow. Both of us preferred mine better, but I only shared a sip. Snob, I know. The prices were a bit cheaper than most of the CA boba stops, even after the extra charge for the boba.Should we end up in Chandler hunting for treat again, we may or may not come here. There are 3-4 other boba stops in a one mile radius.... ah heaven. Or maybe the perfect spot for a boba crawl.
1	I had a very bad experience at Lollicup and I would not recomend anyone to go there.  First of all the cashier was very rude, the drink was overpriced and not that great.  It was an almond frozen drink.  When I asked for second cup so that my kids could split it,  (like they do at Jamba juice for free)  she was at first not going to give me one.  Then she mananaged to reluctantly give me a small styrofoam cup without a lid.  I asked for a lid, she said she didn't have one.  Okay my son is three, the last thing I wanted was a small styrofoam cup without a lid.  I really didn't want  boba splilled all over my backseat.  Keep in mind I would have paid for a extra cup.  After that, I would never go back no matter how good the food or boba or tea is.  And of course it was overpriced as well.
5	Best Boba i ever had here in the Sun Valley.
1	This place used to have good boba but lately it's super mushy and old tasting. Their Thai tea is really good though but I refuse to go here anymore because the owner is so rude. She always stares me down and makes me feel uncomfortable and throws the change back at me literally. Seriously if u want customers then u should be more friendly. Over 15 people have even complained to me about the way she treated them too. Good boba place but horrible service.
2	* walk in, no customers in the store, greeted by older Asian woman *Me: "Hi, can you make your milk teas with soy milk?"Her: "We use a non-dairy product."Me: "Oh, cool... does it contain casein?"Her: *puzzled look*Me: "May I see the ingredients?"Her: "No, I don't have ingredients."Me: "Ummm, yes you do, I've seen them,just hand me the bag so i can read the ingredients."Her: *dirty pissed look* walks over, grabs the bag of chemical processed bullshit they call non-dairy creamer and hands it to me.Me: "Ok, looks good, I'll take a Chocolate Snow with Boba please."Her: *very condescending* "Do you always ask for ingredients everywhere you go?"Me: "Yes, and you would too if you had food allergies." *pause* "Do you always lie to your customers faces when they ask you questions?"Drink was tasty, service was bitchy. Avoid.
4	I disagree with all my friends who prefer Boba Tea House, I swear the actual milk tea here is better but I guess I'm not a milk tea connoisseur. I'll have to agree that this doesn't compare to any of the boba shops in Cali or even with The Street in hip decor, but it's perfect for when I'm driving by and wanting boba. The owner isn't really rude, I think she just tends to be a sarcastic Asian lady. Either way, me and my brother have been there many times before and she remembers our faces and our orders (the only thing that changes for me is the size I choose to get).Sometimes there are just too many fobs here, though, who just stare as you come in and walk up to the register. Grr fobs.
3	THE GOOD:The boba and tea here tastes sooo much better than other places. You can play games while you wait.The food and snacks are very tasteful. THE BAD:It is much more expensive than the other boba places in the area.There is also a 50 cent charge for using your visa/credit cards for purchases under $10.00 so bring cash!Do not expect customer service. THE UGLY:The sarcastic asian lady boss. If you are looking for water, please bring your own cup because she doesn't give out water cups. Also, if you're not gonna buy anything, don't bother going in, she will give you mean looks until you leave her place of business.
5	I just went here for the first time with my boyfriend this afternoon. I got a Green Apple Snow and he got a Mocha... Blast? or something like that. We both loved them. While the drink was amazing, what was even better was the quality of their boba, they weren't too hard or squishy and they had the perfect taste. The shop was really clean and nice and cool. I also noticed they had battleship and I think checkers and some other board games out for customers to play with. They also had a computer monitor I am guessing for games. I didn't go to look at it. I think there was music on but I can't remember.The service was really fast, but then we were the only ones there. You can't use a debit/credit card for an order under $10 so we ordered an extra drink for our friend we were going to visit. We asked if she could make it when we were ready to leave and she was really nice about it. I can't say one bad thing about it. If I find something else on another visit I will update. As of now this is going to be my number one place to get boba.
3	Decent bubble tea, surly service.  Got a ginger milk tea and asked what type of jelly they have (Didn't see any selections on the menu or on the board).  The woman at the register gave me a really dirty and annoyed look, and said "What type are you looking for???".... Not sure why that would cause such annoyance?  Anyways, my ginger milk tea with lychee jelly was OK, a bit too mild for me (just a hint of ginger flavor), and a bit too sweet.  Plus, it was WARM in there!  Please put the A/C on!  (Maybe that's why the cashier was so surly, I would be grumpy in such a warm store too if I had to be in there all the time!)
3	The drink itself was not bad, and is the best bubble tea I have had in the Valley so far; I think it is better than Boba Tea House and The Street.However, that lady that mostly everyone speaks about in other reviews, is in fact really unpleasant. She had a dirty look on her face the whole time while I ordered and definitely had attitude. She lightened up a little bit after I spoke Mandarin.The store was not well-lit and warm. The drinks are also overpriced. $4.58 for bubble tea? Too much.
3	One word two syllables: BOBA. Best places for boba in the east valley. I'd come here less often if the west valley location was still open. :( Great boba as you'd expect it to be. They only take cash. Haven't tried to food as we always eat at a nearby restaurant and head over here after for desert.Customer services is pretty lackluster. You never get the same service. It gets a lil' annoying. That awkward moment when you don't want the person making your food to be in a pissy mood so you smile and make small talk. -___-
3	The boba here is the perfect chewy texture.  Delicious.  I was so excited when they opened.  I am pretty boring and get boba milk tea with extra boba.  YUM!I stopped going here because of the sour faced lady.  She would always give me the largest size instead of asking what size I wanted.  When I would say I wanted the smaller size she would get even more sour in the face.  So now I go to the boba tea house.  The boba isn't as perfect but the atmosphere is better and there are no mean looking ladies trying to over charge me.
2	Great boba drinks! I've tried the Thai tea, mango, and watermelon. Very good (very sweet if you like that, I do). The boba is excellent. I lived in Hawaii for many years so I know my boba :)Where they lose 3 stars for me...Customer service is severely lacking (bad attitude from the lady taking our order at the counter) and the drinks are overpriced. Plus, it's too warm in there. Come on, it's 110 degrees outside...stop being cheap and turn on the AC! Also, you must spend a minimum of $10 in order to use a debit card. I HATE when businesses do this because I never carry cash. It's so annoying.Next time I'm getting the drinks to go.
3	Almond snow!!  Love it.  I did not get boboa because I had some earlier in the day.  The customer service is slightly lacking.
3	The Thai tea slush with boba was so good I've been craving it for the past 24 hrs and went back again today...Customer service was much, much better today.
3	Why can't more boba places open after 9PM!    Lollicup is decent, but not the best.  A good selection boba drinks and inexpensive snack foods.  My favors are the beef roll, beef noodles, and fried tofu. If you have been to a Lollicup in Cali, don't expect the same level of boba quality or service here.
1	I'm giving just one star simply because of the lady's shitty attitude, and in fact, I don't wanna give any star if I can. Just to be specific, she looks like around 40, and tatooed her eyebrows. So, I'm Chinese, I came to Arizona/ America for my degree, so naturally I speak Chinese to her to order. First time my bf took me here, and I ordered something, her attitude was kinda annoying, but the Chinese food there is not bad (Arizona standard, Cali apparently has way better Chinese food, not even to mention authentic Chinese food in Chinese countries) so I came back for my 2nd visit, her attitude sucks!!!  When I was on the phone ordering for taking out, her voice didn't sound nice, and didn't say bye but just hung up the phone. Then when I got to the store to pick up my order, she had the same shitty, no smile face. On top of that, she was very snobbish, and of course, no greeting, no goodbye, but just being very snobbish, and staring at me w/ no respect. The only words/sentence she said to me was "$6.49."  didn't say please, didn't say thank you. That was just horrible! I've never been to any Asian restaurants around valley with this terrible attitude and service. If I'm a native speaker of English, I bet I can better describe her shitty attitude! I couldn't help but think if she is only giving hard time to people speaking Chinese, and I seriously wanna say wtf to her. I'm sorry, but this is my true feeling. There are other pretty good Chinese food around valley with fair price too, but w/ such a shitty attitude like hers, I'm not coming back.
2	Can't believe this place has turned into an establishment i'd unlikely visit again. I used to come here and meet friends occasionally in the past because the food was decent to good and they offer wifi and magazines. However, this visit really threw me off. I ordered popcorn chicken and a honey milk green tea. While the tea was okay, the popcorn chicken was like adhering my tongue to a bed of salt. I almost passed out from the saltiness! If i didn't have the drink to counteract the chicken, i don't know how i could have swallowed the piece i had. Also, the owner kept clearing her throat, continuously. It got to the point where i wanted to offer her a lozenge and wondered why she hadn't gone to the doctor. Very scary.
1	Reading these reviews, it looks like the lady behind the counter treats everyone like shit.  That's kind of good, I guess.  I didn't want to be the only one.She wasn't TOO rude to me, she was mostly just weird.  I got a watermelon juice and boba.  I was telling my girlfriend that that sounded deeeelicious.  I was like, "Mmmm watermelon juice, yeah!" and the lady behind the counter was like, "It's not a juice.  It's a slush.  Like a slosh.""That's fine," I said.  On the menu, it's labeled as watermelon juice so when I put in my order, I said it again and, again, she goddamn corrected me.  Look, bitch, if you don't want me to call it JUICE, don't CALL it juice on the menu.  Change it.  Update it.  It's yours!  Or, do you enjoy annoyances and pet peeves so that you can argue semantics?Then, get this fucking shit:  My total was something like $8.12 and she charged me *$88.12*!!  That's almost NINETY fucking dollars!  She re-charged me, but half-assed it because my bank account balance didn't reflect the correct amount for at least 3 days.  So, for a couple days, I was just fucked, I was out $80 because of this lady.Sure, the boba was good but holy fuck it's not worth being treated like a tit and having my money taken away from me for three days.
2	This last time was meh.  Service was meh, didnt get greeted, just took my order. (typical though) but this time it took a lil longer than usual to make.  plus the drinks were also meh, not very good for the milk tee and the slush was too artificial tasting.  is it too much to ask for a decent tasting DRINK?!??!?!PRO:- the boba itself is always perfect, nice and soft and chewyCons-everything else is meh.
4	Can't review the food but I've stopped in a couple times for my Thai tea.
4	This doesn't compare to bubble tea in Richmond or Seattle, but this is surprisingly good. The original bubble milk tea does not have an overwhelming tea flavor, yet isn't too milky, nor is it too sweet. I'll definitely be coming back for more.
3	A kind of cool place to get a drink and a snack. Pay with cash to avoid awkwardness. Don't go there for customer service.
1	When I order roast chicken at a restaurant, I expect roast chicken, not fried, sauteed, etc.  Enter Lollicup where what's on the menu and picture don't match up.  Take the braised pork shank. . . .what a nice photo, succulent and juicy - mmm, mmm.  Here comes my plate, and it's not braised, but dried and fried to a crisp.  Pretty much inedible.  The owner brushed me off and said she's been here for seven years and her customers know that it comes out fried.  Not a fan.  Basically, if you can't read Chinese, be prepared to be surprised.
5	Don't get me wrong Food is pretty good if you do not care about service, owner is pretty surly and rude most of the time, but if you get past that your fine. If you do go in go in for the food the beef rolled in pita is pretty good I think the best on the menu is the coffee and tea boba.Under New Management! Much much better have it a go the people actually say thank you for once :)
3	It's a toss up between "A-OK" and "Meh, I've experienced better". It is a franchise, though, so I shouldn't be surprised, yeah?Dude and I popped in here for "dessert" after dinner at Tokyo House. We've passed it a million times after trips to Video Paradise, so why not? First of all, the woman at the register should consider removing the ten foot pole from her ass cavity.Second, being someone who works in the mechanical contractor industry . . . I know there are better ways at being energy efficient other than keeping your store at steamy temperatures. Hey, that explains the lady. I'd be pissed off too sweating all day. I tried the Thai Iced Tea with added Boba, and dude got a Strawbery Slush with yes, Boba. It was just OK. Could have used some larger straws to get the Boba. I think we just grabbed the wrong ones, haha. No credit card unless your purchase is $10+. Move along, nothing special here sums it up.
5	New owner!! Awesome customer service! Food is great and boba is always dewy chewy with a hint of honey!
5	New owner, no more mean lady!  I boycotted this place because of the previous owner, but back to give new owner business!   Good soft  chewy boba, yummy drinks, good customer service!  Got the fresh watermelon slush and thai tea slush - 2 for 2....Score!!!
5	I love it! It's such a chill place. When we got there it was about 9:45pm and there were people playing cards and just chillin. Friendly staff and they are open till 11pm.
5	Recently heard about this place from a Taiwanese friend, found out basically every Asian kid in the east valley had grown up frequenting this place.To make up for lost time, I'm pretty much there every day after work now...There are a million reasons to go to Lollicup, but I'll point out a few.1. Authentic Taiwanese Boba Tea. No mushy, undercooked boba, these ones are nice and chewy. Milk tea a little sweet, but that's to be expected.2. Taiwanese food. Their pork chop, fried chicken rice combo (BianDang) is portioned generously at around 6 or 7 bucks a plate. You'd get some veggies, meat, marinated tofu (Lu Dofu) and rice, just like you would get in Taiwan.3. Although Lollicup is a franchise (out of Cali?), this lollicup is family owned, the owner a genuinely nice lady from Changhua, Taiwan that goes above and beyond for her customers. Dig it, customer service is kind of a rare concept for Chinese people. (Yes... I'm stereotyping my own people) 10/104. Price? Reasonable. 2 or 3 bucks for a cup of boba tea, hot or ice. ugh. Love.5. If you like to get your sweet and sour chicken on from places like panda express, samurai sam's or any other run of the mill Chinese american places, go to lollicup and try something new. While you're at it, support a local business! Kill two birds with one stone.Best kept asian secret in the east valley.
5	Always friendly and quick! I love my milk tea with boba, just wish it was closer to where I live. Being from San Jose I'm use to one on every corner. I could honestly drink this everyday!
4	Came here with my friend a Chandler native. Apparently the place changed ownership. The owner at the counter was great helping find a good drink we ended we getting carried away and ordered  fried chicken,dumplings and minced pork rice. there were so many to choose from we had a hard time deciding. They also had many different lunch boxes that I can't wait to try next time I'm in town. What I loved was how everything was authentic Taiwanese. The owner even gave us extra slices of oranges on the house it felt like having my favorite aunty behind the counter. I got jasmine milk tea with boba the tea wasn't too sweet and boba was chewy. My friends taro milk tea was not bad if you like that purple flavor.Overall:Service:4Milk tea: 3.5 for Az 3ish for SoCal standards Snacks/food: 4
3	This place is now called "Yes Cafe". Named changes recently but same friendly owners!!
5	New owners make it a whole new ball game at what used to be Lollicup to now "Yes Cafe"; Amazing hot boba. Recommend trying it if you haven't before!
4	Just had the pork and noodles for $5. Very good for the price point, will be back to try others food items. they only had 5 or 6 dishes so this place is more of a tea and smoothie place than a full fledged restaurant.
