1	Ok, in theory Fat Sandwich is kind of funny.  Imagine this as a business proposal.  Let's blare (and I'm talking BLARE) classical music early on a Sunday morning to get the goat of all the hungover college kids coming in looking like zombies.  Make the kids wince under the horrible fluorescent lighting as they try to read the menu and massage their throbbing temples.  Make the menu misleading, never saying that all the things you think you're getting as side orders are actually stuffed onto a sandwich, that thanks to all the necessary bells and whistles, doesn't actually have much of the main substance you ordered said sandwich for.  Charge upwards and onwards of acceptable prices.  Never, ever clean the bathrooms and in fact, add in artificial pee scents.  Watch money roll in.  Now let's be serious here.  This is reality.  I'm not in college any more, I don't have a lot of money, I'm hungover, I don't want my fries smashed into a sandwich and all I want is a goddamn meal, not some novelty on a plate.  Pass.
4	I remember drunkenly looking at the first sandwich I got from here, and telling my friend, "hey dude, I think I have your sandwich...I didn't order fries with mine"."Nah man, they all come with fries".That fact exemplifies the absurdly delicious sandwiches they serve.  Cheesesteak, chicken fingers, mozzarella sticks, bacon...it's all there.  I've got to say, though, that they may win the prize for best drunk-ass food on campus.  It is a bit more expensive than other options, and you'd probably need a heart transplant if you went here twice in one weekend (er...which is what I just did...), but it's undeniable drunk bliss.My only real complaint is that it also takes a while to get the food out.  Kind of makes sense when you realize all the different components they need to fry to make any of their sandwiches, but the long wait is made more painful when you're wasted and just want something to eat.
5	hey Bill M - don't analyze it, eat it - when you order lasagna do you complain because all the ingredients are mixed together? - no, you just wolf it down - and besides if you really want all that stuff spread out on a paper towel (i don't know if they have plates) - i'm sure they'll give it to you - just ask - (but i don't know why you would - i'm drooling just thinking about them now . . . )
3	I'll set the scene...It's Halloween 2008, and you're half-drunkenly walking around dressed as Captain Hammer, with your faithful sidekicks Poison Ivy and 70's guy/Persian night club owner. You're feeling kinda hungry, and what could possibly sound better than a chicken sandwich served on a glazed donut? ...Okay, a lot of things, but you're drunk and willing to eat just about anything. The sandwich is pretty much what you'd expect... it's chicken and a slice of american cheese, served in a glazed donut 'bun'. It's not particularly delicious, but hey, it's food.Okay, back to reality. You probably don't want that donut sandwich ever unless you ARE drunk, or maybe just curious and have a few friends to share it with. I was only there one other time and had the Fat Frat. It wasn't a BAD sandwich... but it wasn't very good either. That's the problem with having so many fried things on a sandwich. They all sort of melt together so all you can taste is the fact that whatever IS on the sandwich is fried. I will probably go back one more time ever, when my brother moves down for college in a few weeks. Ever since I told him about the place he's been jonesing for a sandwich with fried everything.
3	Wow talk about personality, this place is wild. I remember standing there looking at the huge menu with music blaring while thinking to myself do I really want Pizza bites, Mac and Cheese bites, mozzarella sticks, jalapeno poppers and fries on my sandwich......... why yes I do! The sandwiches unique mainly consisting of fried things with meat and cheese and French fries. This place is not for you sissy men, it's for you beefy bros who are HONGRY. I highly recommend. Oh yeah, try the "Big Fat Ugly" .
3	I like this place mainly because it is so insane. I agree with the other reviewer--if you're not careful all the fried stuff can meld together. I prefer the wraps, mainly because they don't include fries. While I'll never order a sandwich named the Fat MILF or want both chicken fingers AND mozzarella sticks on my sandwich, I think that their lighter fare is pretty good and the prices are not ridiculous for what you get. Plus I love the one guy there who has all the crazy Justice League tattoos. Kills me every time.
1	The only explanation I have for why this place is still in business is that people hate themselves. The food is awful, the emloyees are usually stoned, and the bathrooms smell like the zoo. The food consists of various types of terrible fried food mashed into a sandwich. Usually when something is that bad for you, there is still some enjoyment that comes with it. Not here. Fat Sandwich steals your soul and crushes your spirit. Don't eat there, for your own good.
5	First I have to say I love Fat Sandwich.  They usually have decent music playing, and if you wanna bring your kids he often has cartoon network or the news on tv during the day and nothing that parents may find inappropriate such as comedy central or MTV or something.  The general manager is a really friendly guy and gives helpful suggestions when it's your first time there and trying to order.  I enjoy all the food there and go a few times a week.  They also have beer which is nice.  Contrary to other reviews on here I like Fat Sandwich regardless of drunkenness and in fact I usually go there sober.  I'd also like to point out that things other than the fat sandwiches are okay, but not the best.  If you're going to fat sandwich you should get a fat sandwich.  Or maybe a chicken donut.  It is a bit pricy for a sandwich, but one fat sandwich will keep me full for quite a while so I think it's worth it.
1	Terrible. Truly awful.I guess the idea is to give you really heavy food for when you're either drunk or hungover. But - I'd imagine I'd just puke if I was the latter, and I don't think any level of the former would make these sandwiches actually taste good.I'm pretty sure this place was thought up by some stoned frat boys. "Dude - you know what would be really sweet right now? A sandwich... but with a donut for a bun - with fries not on the side but in the sandwich - and mozzarella sticks and bacon stuffed in for good measure!"Bad frat boy. Bad.Avoid avoid avoid.
1	Positively horrendous. The food is sickening, greasy, stale, and in horrid combinations (mozzarella sticks and chicken nuggets and mayonnaise and fries on a donut bun? really?) The tables are never wiped off or cleaned, and we had to sit in these gross chairs with used kleenexes tossed everywhere which we grudgingly had to pick up and throw out ourselves. My friend used the restroom and reported that her shoes stuck to the floor with every step. The entire place was swarming with flies. It Was Very Bad.
3	Most of the reviews here aren't very fair to this establishment.  It is what it is, and if you don't want a sandwich stuffed with different fried foods, then you're in the wrong place.  I've been here after drinking, and it was great.  Otherwise, I only come here when I am experiencing a particular brand of self-loathing, in which case it is still pretty good.  The "Fat Sorostitute" has been my go-to for the past several visits.  If you come during the day, while sober, the people that work here will be pretty nice and courteous to you.  If you come at night, while drunk, they'll be less so.  I know I couldn't serve drunk people all night without getting a bit mad, so I don't blame them.Also, I suspect the counter is relatively high to keep drunk people from doing something stupid.  I think this is funny.
5	People read the title of the place Fat Sandwich... Don't go there for a salad, if you want healthy food go to the subway that is close. Jeez people everyone is giving unfair reviews people there are very nice and give you what you ask 30k in a sandwich
4	I think the other reviews are unfair.  This place does not pretend to be a high-end eatery.  The food is for college kids who working through a hangover or need to load up for an all-nighter.  That said, this place does the job.  I stopped there after a long car ride from BMI airport.  I was starving so everything tasted good (though  also had to remove a good amount of the fries to eat the sandwich like another reviewer).  It did take a really long time to get the sandwich even though the place only had 1 or 2 other customers.   I had no problem with the bathrooms but I imagine they are in worse shape on the weekends after everyone's been out to the bar.They have rolls of paper towels at the tables instead of typical paper napkins.  I did have to use a lot of them after unwrapping my sandwich.Basically a 2 star type of restaurant; sandwich shop/fast food, but it does a 4 star job of it.  Good, but the food could use a little more 'engineering' to taste better vs just paying for a lot of calories.
5	Went here the weekend of  my niece's graduation after seeing the store on the Food Network Outrageous Foods show.  It's a sandwich shop with a wide variety of food on the menu.  Good portions and decent value for the price. Lot more interesting than going to Subway.
4	When I decided to order from Fat Sandwich Company at 1 am, I expected an extremely unhealthy pile of fried foods stuffed into a roll. That's exactly what I got. I ordered the Fat MILF, mostly because I'm immature and anything with bacon on it is probably a winner. I was not drunk  or high, just hungry.  Plus, everything else I wanted was closed and FSC seemed like the best remaining choice. As for the sandwich, it was delicious. It was a really big sandwich and took me quite a while to eat,  but I savored every bit of it. Obviously there are many people who wouldn't enjoy eating a sandwich filled with mozzarella sticks, chicken fingers, cheesesteak, bacon, and fries. I am not one of those people. $#!% was amazing. As I ate it, I felt like I was on Epic Meal Time. And that, my friends, is when I knew I found a winner.The only downfall was that it was just warm by the time it got to me. Still delicious, but it would have been even better if I ate it hot.
2	get rid of the fries on the sandwiches and put the toppings on that i ordered
2	Not entirely sure how a place like this can survive, even on a college campus. They literally take anything that can be deep-fried, put it in a sandwich and then cover it in greasy french fries. I had what I thought was one of the healthier sandwiches, the Fat Luigi. It was a meatball sub with marinara, mozzarella sticks and fries. The upside, beer is cheap. $1.50 for a 312 bottle. Very surprised about that. And $1.25 for can of bud light. They actually ask for tips, which is strange and uncomfortable. Meh. Probably won't go here again.
3	Quick service, open late, and CHEAP CHEAP beer!  I ordered the buffalo chicken wrap and to my surprise, it was quite good.  My friend ordered a chicken sandwich and unfortunately, he wasn't too impressed.  There's minimal decor and rolls of paper towels are on each table.  It's somewhat messy, chair strewn about, garbage left on tables, etc. but it is somewhat expected when you're right in the epicenter of a college campus during homecoming weekend.
3	Fat sandwich is like a storefront given to the "brains" of EpicMealTime or Man v. Food - except everything you buy is a challenge, and they still technically have a challenge.Imagine a hoagie roll filled with everything that you could purchase at Sam's Club that you can realistically deep fry, add condiments, then top with french fries. Then name the sandwich after something that reminds you of a party school with serious collegiate sports teams, i.e. one sandwich is called the "Fat Tailgate."I had said "Fat Tailgate" and yes, finished it all - every morsel of cheeseburger, mini corn dogs, ketchup and mustard - yes, while completely conscious at 2 pm. I had a gut trophy afterwards. It was beautiful. I also didn't want to eat for another two days.If you're particularly bold and want to impress me, I dare you to try their food challenge, the Big Fat Ugly. It's two hoagie rolls filled with 4 cheeseburgers, double cheesesteak, chicken cheesesteak, gyro meat, grilled chicken, bacon, sausage, pork roll, mozzarella sticks, chicken fingers, chicken nuggets, something cheese bites, fried mushrooms, jalapeno poppers, pizza bites, onion rings, has browns, American cheese, ketchup and mayo. Apparently if you eat this under 15 minutes, it's free.As for ambiance, it's typical for a grease spoon except that you can buy t-shirts. I've seen guys come here after intense gym workouts and families after tailgates.I'm add this to my Central Illinois trumps Chicago list because food like this must be illegal.
2	It's a Man V. Food type place - has Adam Richman made his way down to U of I yet? there's a fat sandwich with his name all over it.Like one of the reviewers below said, it is what it is. Not a place I can recommend, a donut burger is not food, it is a heart attack waiting to happen. On the menu board, I saw cigarettes and beer delivery service. Freshman 15? at this rate, I'll consider that lucky.My review is not to judge the bad food culture that this place is promoting. The food, on it's own, was average. Sure, it was a fun magic trick, pulling out random chicken fingers and mozzarella sticks covered in ketchup and mayo in a brown bag, but the +45 minute wait for what should be fast food is not okay and the guy who took my order wanted a tip.
5	Fat Sandwich Company is exactly what I expected! Fast, friendly, laid back service with a smile! The food was hot, made fresh and crammed full of every guilty pleasure one could desire! Ive been there during the day and during the crazy nights there. And to be honest I feel bad for the employees of Fat Sandwich Company! They are out numbered 50 to 1 most nights by spoiled, drunk, unappreciative students of which leave tornado size messes  everywhere. I love it and would say that they do the best they can with what they have considering. If  you do not want to see the place messy and packed to the brim than i would recommend coming before midnight. Also if you want healthy, good for you food than do not go to a place with Fat in the title.I will recommend this to anyone and everyone who is hungry, willing to try something new, and who has a great sense of humor! I hope this place is around for a long time to come!
1	Don't Do It.Food sucks. Service is slow and the workers are shady.I once made the mistake of buying a $15 coupon worth $100 in food.Drunk Kids on Unofficial wouldn't even it this garbage. You WILL feel sick the next morning.You will Thank me later.
3	It is what it is- a late night restaurant for the drunk college crowd. My friend had been talking this place up saying it's totally disgusting but totally awesome (and right she was). She insisted we had to go AFTER the bars because I would probably want to murder her if we went sober. So we hit them up at about 2 or 3 in the morning; it was totally packed!I really don't know what I ate, because I just asked them for something without any meat so they hooked me up. Nothing on their menu is meat-free, so you just have to ask when you go in! It had french fries, mac n cheese bites, jalapeno poppers, and mozzarella sticks on a nice french bun. A culinary delight worthy of a michelin star, clearly. It was fun to eat once, I was clearly intoxicated when I ate it which made it even more fun, the staff were really happy to oblige our drunk selves with conversation while they made everyone's sandwiches. Everyone's drunk and passed out all over the place so the place is jam packed with college kids sleeping while their friend waits for their food. I don't think I would dine in at this place. Drunk people aren't clean people, and as such it's kind of icky on the inside because I'm sure the staff just can't keep up with everything. Oh, and no bathroom after 10 pm for anyone. Why? Because idiots ruined bathroom privileges for everyone by gettin' it awwwwwn in the bathroom. Kind of a huge downside when it takes 20 minutes or so to order and get your food.Will I be back? Probably not. Will I crave this sandwich again? Definitely not. Will I tell everyone I know about how disgustingly awesome this place is? Absolutely.
4	A true American icon.  People ask where our culture is, and I point to Fat Sandwich.  Nothing better encapsulates the uniquely American perspective that, if things are good independently, they must be better together.  In high school civics you called it the melting pot.  Now that you're in college, call it a Fat Sorostitute, tzatziki and hot sauce.  Some day you'll know it as manifest destiny.  God Bless America.
1	To be fair, I didn't try their food. I went in to try it, and the smell of putrid grease was too much for me to bear. I literally HAD to walk out of there.
3	I really only suggest this place when you are tipsy or on the verge of being drunk and are looking for a place to eat. I only say this because if you walk in here sober, your veins and arteries will immediately clog up by the mere smell of grease and you will probably go into cardiac arrest.That being said, Fat Sandwich is probably my go-to (drunk) place when I visit my friends at UIUC (University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign). The combination of mozzarella sticks, french fries, mac n cheese bites, and every kind of greasy glory you can imagine on one bun just overwhelms me in the best way possible; and it never disappoints. It's also really nice that every one there is most likely just as drunk as you are, possibly even more intoxicated.My rating for this place while sober: I wouldn't eat here even if it was the last place on earth.My rating while I am incredibly not sober: fuck yeah let's get some fat sandwich.
5	Honestly, this place is great. Its got "college behavior" written all over it and it tastes great; Drunk OR sober. Come in here expecting to feel bad after...or amazing depending on how starved you were. Don't expect little portions. It's a meal inside a bun. And it's an experience everyone should have at U of I.
4	Slightly embarrassed to say I have never been to this place intoxicated and am still giving a 4 star review.  My husband (a U of I grad) and I have been here 4 times over the course of the past few years and have never been disappointed aside from the less than sanitary bathrooms midday.  The least exciting menu option (in my humble opinion) is my husband's favorite, that being the hasbrown, sausage, egg, and cheese breakfast sandwich.  I try something new everytime, and I even felt compelled to buy a "What the F" shirt.   Word.
5	Fat Sandwich is ONE OF  A KIND!I give the owners huge props for bringing something so cool and unique to Champaign.  Anyway, to the food, i LOVE it, and i've never been here drunk!  I always get the Fat Cubby minus the Tzaiki sauce...its awesome, though i need to pick off some fries to finish it.My wife will eat a half and love it, my son, who is 10, loves it and its 2 meals for him, and he creates his own sandwich, the fat adam LOL  basically turkey, gyro, chicken fingers ketchup and firies.i can't wait to see this place at 1 AM LOL i can only imagine how hilarious it is.GO HERE!!!
3	If you're a health freak, I'd advise you to stay away from Fat Sandwich Company. Otherwise, if you're down to coat the linings of your stomach with fatty oils, do a little damage to your cholesterol, and have the capacity to fit clogged arteries once in a while, this place will do just that for you.This menu items here are unconventional. Imagine a big hot dog bun, filled with things such as fries, mozzarella sticks, chicken nuggets, onion rings, beef patties, bacon, ham, egg, mayo, ranch, ketchup, etc. Gross, right? Well, once in a while you just got to put your guilty conscience aside and set the fireworks in your stomach. Fat Sandwich Company can provide the perfect venue for that. Just go for a long run the day after. I wouldn't advise doing it right after your meal as you'll get pretty darn full.You live life only once. You might as well try their monster challenge... It's as big as a standard NFL football. Finish it by yourself and you get it free.
5	Last evening was my first visit to Fat Sandwich, but it diffidently will not be my last. Great Food, Super Employees, VERY Comfortable N Friendly Atmosphere. As I stood there watching them prepare orders, each sandwich was prepared with care, as if they were fixing them for their selves. The price compared to what you get is unbelievable.. My advise is to either take a friend and split a sandwich or be really, really hungry. Or you can do as I did, make two meals out of it. The Sandwiches warm up real good in a toaster oven...So if you're tired of that hum-grum burger joint... Fat Sandwich is the place for you...   MamahlfA Very Happy SeniorPS... For all you 1,2,3, Star Raters... Please explain to me why you would go into a place named 'FAT SANDWICH", THAT LIST FRIED BURGERS, FRENCH FRIES AND OTHER FRIED FOODS.. THAN COMPLAIN THAT THE FOOD IS GREASY, FRIED AND UNHEALTHY... DUH!!!
5	Yesterday was my second of many to come to Fat Sandwich...  .Great Food, Super Employees, VERY Comfortable N Friendly Atmosphere. As I stood there watching them prepare orders, each sandwich was prepared with care, as if they were fixing them for their selves.The price, compared to what you get is unbelievable..My advise is to either take a friend and split a sandwich or be really, really hungry. Or you can do as I did, make two meals out of it. The Sandwiches warm up real good in a toaster oven...So if you're tired of that hum-grum burger joint... Fat Sandwich is the place for you...  MamahlfA Very Happy SeniorPS... For all you 1,2,3, Star Raters... Please explain to me why you would go into a place named 'FAT SANDWICH", THAT LIST FRIED BURGERS, FRENCH FRIES AND OTHER FRIED FOODS.. THAN COMPLAIN THAT THE FOOD IS GREASY, FRIED AND UNHEALTHY... DUH!!!
5	At fat sandwich, you really get your money's worth. for the amount of food you get, the seven dollars is nothing. And nothing fills you up better at 2am then fat sandwich. I would recommend the fat cubby. The gyro sauce just goes too well with the fries, cheese sticks, and chicken fingers.
2	The sandwich was ok, but it took them forever to make it...even though there weren't many people there ordering food.  I think they actually made my sandwich, and then let it sit on the counter for a while (so it could get good and soggy) before calling my name.Other than that, this place just made me feel kind of uncomfortable.  Not sure how to describe it, other than it's full of bros.  You know what I'm talking about.  There was also a really strange conversation between one of the employees and a customer, which included the use of language that clearly offended other people who were there (I was definitely not the only person who was confused).  I'm guessing the employee and customer must have known each other, but it just seemed inappropriate.  I feel like if you're over the age of ~19 you probably won't want to be in here, but maybe that's just me.As for the actual food, it was decent.  Not good enough to make me come back though.
5	I love Fat Sandwich!  The idea that everything is a topping is a great one so I can get whatever I want and it isn't too expensive. I loved the Fat Blue and the Fat Cowboy.  if you order a side of fries expect to get about 4 potatoes worth. You can also order beer and cigars/cigarettes with your food and they even have a 2 sandwich 6 pack of beer special called the drunken three-way which is a great deal.bring change for parking though as this establishment is located in the campus town area and you have to pay for everything there.  like they don't gouge the students enough with tuition.
5	This food is a greasy ball of delectable food coma. I generally got the Fat F. You don't want to eat this every week, but you have to have it at least twice a semester. Some of the best drunk food you'll find.
5	Had a great time playing pinball while waiting for my food, made those ten minutes fly by even faster!
5	i can proudly say that when i was in college over my time there i ate every single sandwich on the menu (back when my body could take the abuse). Best sandwichs on the menu. Fat F, Fat MILF (best), Fat Sorastitute, Fat Cowboy, and a few others i can't recall. Worst are Fat Caesar and Fat Falafel, bleh those were nasty. This is a college staple and where you have to go if you have never been their before. Grab a six pack and drink while you wait. Eat it while its fresh it will turn nasty in your fridge. place is packed when bars close but empty just about any other time. Its super unhealthy but will sober you up in a minute. Good and Bad, at night they will take your name then call it when your sandwich is ready, BUT, they will ask you what you ordered. Its really hard to remember after a night of drinking so concentrate! They do it because people try to steal sandwiches.
4	I didn't know what was ordered for me, or why it took 30 minutes to arrive, but what I received was absolutely ridiculous.Now I was pretty hungry, it had been a night out that reminded me of my youth, however on this day, I was a graying 30 year old, who needed some late night food.I was not prepared for what I received.  I was under the impression I was getting a steak and cheese sandwich, what I received however, was a delicious endless abomination.  It was a gyro chicken tender and french fry sandwich, with a mozzarella stick packed in its behind for good measure.  What is this monstrosity?  I took one bite head on without modification, and nearly collapsed from the enormity of it.Eventually I slowly deconstructed this mammoth, first removing most of the french fries, after realizing the contents of the sandwich I decided to cull a few chicken tenders off the top, those had left me full enough to where the rest of the sandwich - which looked like a delicacy a few moments ago - was making me sick from how full I was.I debated packing the remaing 80% of it up and eating it for the next few days, or perhaps shipping it off to Africa where it could surely keep a small village going for 2-3 weeks.  However it unfortunately ended up in an empty bag of Doritos and then in to the trash.Fat Sandwich - I don't know what you think you're doing, but please carry on.
2	Not very good and I've spent a lot of time in the fat market. Sandwiches are over complicated and not really sure how they come up with them. I'm sure the place stays open for the hungover crowd. The ingredients are nothing special so not sure if a simpler sandwich would be good. They do have fast delivery.
5	Fat Sandwich Company. The name says it all really. The perfect place to order the most outrageous and over the top sandwiches that pack 2,000 calories into one 8" bun. It is impossible to leave this place still hungry that's for sure. The place is small and divey, which serves it's purpose perfectly. The menu is as over the top as you would expect from a place named Fat Sandwich, serving up everything from deep fried cheesecake, to a 20,000 calorie monstrosity known as "The Big Fat Ugly", to a bacon cheeseburger on a glazed doughnut. They also deliver beer-- every college kids dream-- and they're conveniently located right on campus.The bottom line is, the place isn't meant to be fine dining, it's meant to give you the most densely packed, calorie infused, cardiac arrest inducing food this side of the Mississippi. It succeeds and then some. Would recommend it to everyone at least once. Truly a local legend.
5	I love the atmosphere! It's laid back, friendly, and the customer service is great! The wait time is a lot shorter than it used to be. They have also added pinball machines(which are a blast from the past)! The food is delicious and exactly what you would expect out of a place with "fat" in the name of the restaurant! A University staple and the only place in Champaign that has been on Foodnetwork...how cool is that!
5	This place is awesome. If you want a huge over the top sandwich then definitely give this place a shot. The guy working was very cool and helpful. Since it was our first time eating here he told us some of the more popular sandwiches and the current specials they had that could save us a few bucks. Also they had old school pinball machines which I really love. Check this place out! You get a ton of food for a reasonable price.
5	I jus came here for the 1st time, tried the Fat Lush which contains grilled chkn pieces, cheesesteak, BBQ sauce, mozzarella sticks and fries piled on. Let me jus say.. It's a Gr8 F'n sammich, 'Nuff said!! I'll definitely b bak! They serve beer too for 2-2.50 a bottle & sandwiches are around $10, not bad. Four pinball machines available, rather expensive tho(1 play is 75c, 4 plays $2)
4	Their sandwiches are ridiculous! Those things are stuffed with everything you could imagine, but the ingredients work together. I've been here numerous times during undergrad and I always go back when I visit.
2	This place is gross. I got the Fat Milf and it was shameful to eat. Everything is frozen and fried. However, I'll probably come back if I'm hammered. Service was great though.I literally almost sh!t my pants when I was riding my bike home. I was sweatin. I feel like a gained 5lbs from this place from one visit.
3	If you want some obese and delicious sandwiches, then this is the place to go. First of all, I feel like their creative ideas for sandwiches stems from Epic Meal Time (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9FRSghXhDM). They add fries to all their fat sandwiches. There isn't much space to eat inside. I know that they're trying to go with the whole "divey" feel, but divey doesn't necessarily have to mean dirty. The least they could do is wipe down the tables after they're used. They blast really loud rock music which makes it quite difficult to have a conversation with your mates. it was interesting seeing a group of kids eating here considering that they have sandwiches called Fat Sororistute, Fat Motherclucker, and Fat Milf. I felt the best part of my fat sandwich was the mini corn dogs. Also, it's open at 3:00am which is great if you're having a hankering for munchies after some late night studying. Mmhm.
2	FOOD: 1 star - I would have rated the food 3 stars if hadn't been for the disgusting pubic looking hair I found on my food. I got the fat frat and it didn't have any cheese steak meat as advertised. I'm all for full flavored (aka fat & salt) food but the hair and meat aside, it just wasn't all that good.  SERVICE: 3 stars - Friendly service. It's an order at the counter and pick your food up at the counter kinda place. ENVIRONMENT: 2 stars - The decor and ambience could use some work.
3	I've never understood fat sandwich. My brother gets it though, and we have to stop when we are in champaign. Basically, you take a bunch of fried foods and combine them into a huge sandwich that will make yourself hate yourself after you finish eating it.It honestly reminds me of something Joey from friends would eat. Mozarella sticks? GoodFrench fries? GoodCheesesteak? GoodChicken fingers? GoodHoagie roll? GoodFat F sandwich? GooooooooooooooodSo if you want to gain the freshman 35 instead of the freshman 15, head on over to fat sandwich.
3	It's like a weird coming of age ceremony to drunkenly order a sandwich here. That being said, the sandwiches are artery-clogging and stuffed with everything bad for you. On a diet or hoping to get a healthy salad? RUN AWAY. THIS IS NOT THE RIGHT PLACE FOR YOU. This is where bad decisions are made. They're not phenomenal or anything special, and the sandwiches are pretty bland. Everything in it just tastes like mushy gruel flavored with frying oil once you start chewing. I honestly think you can get more sensation for your tastebuds at Subway or Jimmy John's. I felt mild regret and shame as I consumed a Fat Bastard. My heart skipped a beat as it tried to pump energy through my body to process this beast, but alas it all went straight to my everything. 'Never again,' is what I thought as my stomach groaned in agony.
