4	I was surprised that for under $110 (including tax and tip) that 2 people were able to have drinks, be well fed, and have it all within the pricey Wynn hotel.Great by the glass wine selection due to the ever gaining popularity enomatic system.  Quite pricey though, but what isn't in these upper class casinos?I love the coziness of the restaurant, and the service was impeccable.  The food was fantastic, and surprisingly filling despite it's small plate size.  I really enjoyed my dinner here before going to see Le Reve, and would probably come back next time I'm in Vegas.The only thing that I felt could have been better: they turned on the big screen TV on the wall and put it on football during my dinner.  When I go for an intimate dinner in a nice low lit fancy restaurant, I don't really want the blaring lights and distraction of sports taking away from the experience.  It's not a sports bar, and that kind of surprised me that they had that.
5	I really enjoyed this place and would recommend if asked about places to go in Vegas.  It is intimate and unique.There are 3 sections:  You walk into a round low ceilinged bar area with some seating, then you walk back further there is a high ceiling dining room with wine all the way up to the top, then to the right there is a lounge room with couches, weird furniture and a beautiful view out large wall of windows.We sat in the lounge on a comfy couch.  The lighting is all candlelit.  The lounge reminds me slightly of a less ostentatious Parker Palm Springs.Menu is small plates with a few larger entrees.  Portions are very small, but food is delicious. (bacon dates, beet salad, cheese and charcuterie plates, etc.) They aren't calling it a gastropub, but it is.  The have a large artisan beer selection and tons of wine.  Even the pricey highly specialized enomatic wines.The vibe with soft reggae and jazz with some bass with the atmosphere was awesome.  I was thinking the lounge would be a perfect place to snuggle, smooch and nosh with a love, but unfortunately I was with my mom, oh well ;)
5	Great food for a great price. I highly recommend this place for dinner before or after watching a show at Wynn. My sister and I had  exactly one hour to eat before watching Le Reve. We asked the host and the waiter if they could serve us a whole meal within one hour due to the show time. They were very understanding and sent a message to the kitchen to try to make it faster. It was excellent service. Most customers in this restaurant are very friendly. People from near-by tables exchanged a few words about our food and experience in Vegas after learning that my sister was visiting from Vietnam. I love this place. Oh, the pizza is very good. Get it!
5	My favorite place in the Wynn!  the atmosphere is very cool.  Our waitress was incredibly friendly, quick and very helpful!  We had the sliders and a steak dish - both which were delicious.  Our bottle of wine - a Syrah - was incredibly tasty.
3	Dropped by this place before Le Reve at  the Wynn. The place looks casual and fun. The wine menu is pretty decent with a good number of wines by the glass. I was in for a quick pre-show dinner, so I only ordered a glass of wine and the Jumbo Lump Crab Lettuce Cups with citrus segments. The food was good, but not fantastic.
4	Stopped here for a quick lunch and was pleasantly surprised on how good the Sliders and the seared Ahi Tuna was. Tasty, tasty.
5	Have to say there have been only 2 times in the USA we have had a wow,..good food experience coupled with staff that where wonderful.Charley Palmer at South Coast PLaza was the 1st La Cave at the Wynn is the 2nd.We had a meal that was stunning as well as excellent.Take your whiny big portion attitude and hit the road - please.  Small services,...wonderful seating, great food,..We had so much fun eating the food we did not order any wine,..but we sat next to the wine cellar and it was well stocked.Had bacon wrapped dates with a blue cheese fondue,..yes i know what u r thinking - so I was,..but holy freekn amazing,..the different flavors of the three items was stunning.We then had the Ahi,....ahhhhh ahi,.. still one of my fave foods to eat when done well,..this was - with some pom and a vinigrette and basil oil.  wonderfulThen we had this flat bread with very delicious canadian bacon and quail eggs,..yeah i know,....but seriously -- this flat bread dish was really really really good,..I could see having a wonderful brut champagne - and just this flat bread,..my gawd it was to die for,...I am not going to add quail egg to my regular dishes at home.Last dish we had was thin sliced sirloin with baby mushrooms and stuff, Yes it was good and tasted like it was supposed to,...but of all my dishes it was my least fav,...we did go through almost 2 liters of sparkling water - again ,..well chilled and they kept my glass full at all times.Now,..for those who like a drink,... and who are demanding on a well made drink,..and none of that crap stuff,..I ordered a standard mojito - it we well muddled,..and perfectly mixed,..and it was a good sized glass too,,..lordy I hate those served in a micro tom collins glass or something,,..this was served well with sugar cane and plenty of mint and lime,..the way it is supposed to be.I did not take pictures of the food here as it was soo perfect and wonderful that i expect you to go in and enjoy this place before everyone else knows about it and it becomes a reservation only place,..We ate at around 7 pm and the line was slow - but by 8:30 the place was packed. Packed - crazy packed.Loved the place,..the staff and the food as well as the seating,...yeah the chair was so special - lol seriously a great seat in a resturant is one of my high points --nothing sucks more than a chair u cant wait to get out of.Okay I talked enough,,,get ur ass to La Cave - Hurry before it is too late.
5	We were just here over the weekend for a friend's birthday dinner.  We had a large group, and everything was great.  We decided to split dishes between couples, to make it easier, and I think each couple got around 4-5 dishes.  Everything was delicious.  The cocktails were super good too.  Service was great.  My fiance and I shared the seared tuna, which was good but we could have done without, the scallops, which were amazing, the asparagus and egg salad, also amazing, the prosciutto flat bread, and the filet mignon.  The plates are small, but that was the perfect amount of food.  Others in the group loved the flatbreads too, and the beat salad, bacon wrapped dates, sliders, and hamachi.  Would definitely go back next time i'm in Vegas, and would love to try some of their wines.
4	A romantic spot with a Mediterranean feel tucked away from the main action.  It's a Wynn-Wynn: delicious generously sized tapas at Wynn prices. Highlight: beer list
4	I'm a sucker for a good wine bar, and this place is now in the running for my favorite one in Vegas! *Atmosphere - we sat in the beautiful back "sun room". It had an almost Moroccan feel to it with nice brown tones and a huge planter built into the wall overflowing with greenery. Floor to ceiling windows, comfy furniture.. I loved it! It was a nice contrast from the more cave-like room in the front. *Wine - The wines by the glass weren't all that exciting to me, but we had a couple of half bottles. They were stupid expensive ($50?), but it's the Wynn, I can't say I was surprised. *Staff - weird, honestly. The waiter was aloof and the hostess had to get my name and whether I was staying at the Wynn or not down on some piece of paper before I was allowed to sit down in the empty restaurant. We were also told we could only have the table for an hour, but whatever. The bus boys tried to pick up our water glasses and remove them several times. It was bordering on silly. *Food - I adore meat and cheese and this place had a phenomenal meat and cheese list. Reasonable portions were $5 or so, not all that bad. We had an aged gouda, proscuitto, and truffled goat cheese. Seriously some of the best cheese I've ever had! So freaking yummy. This was a great place for a pre-dinner drink and snack, but would also be a fun place to end the evening. Sexy enough for a date, but also fun for a group of ladies - one of my new favorite spots to drink on the strip.
4	Great food, environment & wine.  The Wynn hotel does a great job with additions of vegan & vegetarian plates.  All of the restaurants I have tried here at the hotel do a great job catering to the guests with dietary concerns.  This restaurant had a great quinoa eggplant dish as well as the beet dish.  it is hard to find a good beet dish anywhere.
5	I run the risk of my one regret in life being I didn't eat at more 'small plate' places.  Beyond the obvious brilliance of being able to share, I love to try many different things, particularly at a new place.La Cave is small plates, and it is great.  On to the food in a minute, but I have to relate my wife's experience.She has several food allergies and sensitivities, including gluten, and we typically get mixed reactions when we ask what they recommend.  The chef at La Cave went above and beyond.  After a little bit of back and forth on what could be done with our server, we got the message "the chef would like to do something special for you".  We agreed, and he came out to talk with us after we ordered.  Extremely friendly, extremely attentive, great service.The topper was the food they brought, which was simple, expertly prepared, and absolutely delicious.  My wife had a version of the Salt-Roasted Beets (which may have been the best beets I've ever had) and a version of the Grilled Shrimp (which she thought was the best shrimp she's had) and some terrific grilled Asparagas.  Did I mention absolutely delicious? I also had the Bacon-wrapped Dates with Bleu Cheese Fondue and the Ham, Egg and Cheese Flatbread (with quail eggs).  The Dates were fantastic, and the flatbread quite good (and a bit rich).The food was so hot when served I took notice - it felt like they took it off the grill to our table in just a few seconds.In a couple square miles of many, many food options, La Cave was worth repeating on a single trip.  And the service put them over the top.I wish I could go back right now.  I've written myself hungry.
5	Great new place at the wynnFlavorful great small dishes Great  and atmosphere
3	Had lunch here on a Friday afternoon ...Ok.. so what's up with needing my first and last name before seating me?  It's not like it was used in any way to speak to me during my visit here.  Anyways...SCENE:Great vibe... really cool bar in the front area... cool bar in the back areaLow lighting, dark, modern, upscale cave like feel... kinda romantic without being gushy...I guess you might call it 'casual-intimate'.Good place to hang out with friends or work friends ...but not a good place for a power lunch.There's a patio area with nice looking couches, chairs, tables, live plants, and really nice (fancy) looking hammock chairs.  They just begged to be sat in with a glass of wine and enjoy the day.  However, it was a bit chilly and they didn't have outdoor heaters out there so we sat inside.SERVICE:For a Wynn establishment... I expected more / better.  I'm not saying it was 'Bad'... it was just Mediocre which is NOT how you would think anything at Wynn would be.We were sat immediately but the wine menu was not part of the menus provided.  I mean... they give you an additional menu that is sorted by Gluten-Free or Dairy-Free or Meat-Free, etc.... but they don't give you a Wine menu?  Hello... you're surrounded by wine and isn't this supposed to be like a really nice wine bar?So... after waiting for 5-7 minutes to gain the attention of anyone... we asked for a wine menu.  And it's a very nice wine menu.... not ridiculously priced and they have a good selection of different priced wines. We ended up ordering a glass each... by the glass ranges from about $10-20 depending.  Not cheap... Not atrocious.FOOD:The Fiery Artichoke Flatbread is FANTASTIC!  Comes with fresh ricotta, roasted red peppers, pepperocini and of course artichokes.  The flavors went really well together and the ricotta was like butter.  The bread itself was perfect!  Not dough-y and not tough.The Beet dish is really good... very rich because of the melted goat cheese, but so YUMMY!  The beets were juicy yet firm.The Asparagus dish was 'ok'... I don't think I'd order it again... it came with shaved hard boiled egg and crispy pancetta.  It sounded good on the menu but the flavors did not blend together well.  And they put some sort of lemon or citrus sauce on it which made it too sour-like.The Dates were 'ok'..... I've had better.  I think it's because the bacon they used was not of the Applewood Smoke type and that the blue cheese fondue (on the side) was really runny.... versus being melted inside the date.Anyways...overall... Yes, it's a bit pricey... $76 b/4 tax... for 2 people with a glass of wine each... but it's a really lovely meal.If I go back... I intend on sitting on the patio and being able to savor the experience better.
4	This is a really nice new place at the Wynn. Has a fun and cozy atmosphere for small group gatherings to come for happy hour/drinks and little tapas/snacks to share. The plates are all pretty small so definitely do family style. They also have a sommelier and a great wine selection so take advantage of that too if you like wining and dining. Out of the small plates, my favorite has got to be the sliders. They were so delicious! The flatbread pizzas were good too, esp the ones with the quail eggs, which was very interesting and first time seeing that on a pizza. The hamachi was also good as well. The desserts were also super delicious, with the chocolate toffee covered donut ice cream bars and chocolate mousse! Because the restaurant is pretty small, there could be a wait, esp if you want to go to the bar area and chill. But I definitely recommend this place esp if you're staying at the Wynn!
4	I love staying at the Wynn/Encore, but this one of the few places to eat at the Wynn that isn't grossly overated. Service was spotty but the food was well above average. We had a nice late dinnerl at a reasonable price that included several stiff drinks.  We sampled:Sunny side duck egg w/Jamon and Serrano asparagus: Nothing special. It wasn't possible to determine if the ham was Jamon or procutto (big difference) because the egg dominated the flavor. Not well balanced. Bacon wrapped dates: I try these at every Tapas joint. These don't disappoint and made a perfect desert to our meal. Salt roasted beets, whipped goat cheese and pistachios: nicely presented, with a balanced pallets of flavors. A nice rendition of a common tapas dish. Sliced sirloin steak with a mushroom fondue and cippolini onions: easily the best dish we tried. The steak was cooked to perfection and the mushroom fondue had a rich smokey flavor.
4	Did someone say tapas?!Yummm... this place was really really good. If you're not obsessed with tapas you'd probably give it five stars. It's a great place to go if you've never had them. They had some traditional ones (dates wrapped in bacon; but they added a twist with a side of blue cheese fondue which I was surprisingly happy about) and they have some new age ones (crab filled lettuce wraps; soooooo good. I devoured them like they were my last meal on earth and didn't care who was watching. Judge me people, judge me!) We also ordered the angus burgers (nothing special, but good), and prosciutto and arugula flatbread (too die for, the saltiness was so satisfying) and a bottle of wine.  The decor was awesome. Try and sit in the back; they have romantic lounge styled sitting. Too fun!Our server was really nice and cute, BUT girl... you gotta come back and keep pouring the wine into our glasses if you want to follow proper restaurant etiquette. I mean common... you know how it goes... the faster/more I drink the drunker/stupider I'm going to be when I over-tip you... Common girl. You know better than that.
5	MUST EATS for sufferers from Celiac Disease or any food allergy.Of all the restaurants we attended, this one went out of it's way the most to accommodate food allergy sufferers.  Separate menus for each potential allergy so there was no guess work or long drawn out discussions with the server about what was safe!The food was absolutely amazing (favorite was the Mushroom Grits, hands down)  the ambiance very trendy and hip.  And the staff was very kind, nothing snotty in the tone at all! Will return to again and again when we visit Vegas :)
5	We held a group lunch here (16 people.) The service was excellent and attentive and the food and wine were INCREDIBLE.  The charcuterie is some of the best I have had (and I've had a lot of charcuterie!)
3	Maybe I went to a different place than everyone else, but after all the rave reviews, I was disappointed.  I felt like I was trapped at a really bad country club somewhere in the midwest.  We were going to see the Phantom, and wanted a snack before the play, but not a full meal, so we chose the Cave.From the moment we approached the hostess, the place felt awkward.  Our hostess could not find a table, and sent for a fellow worker, who checked the rooms, but could not locate a table.  Several people just walked in past us, which was curious, then another hostess arrived, who said maybe we could sit on the patio.  Fine, it had been too cold and windy to sit there all day, but would we like to sit there?  Sounds, er, great.We were led through three rooms, each with several empty tables seats amid the sparrows on a small outdoor balcony overlooking people being told to leave the pool, because it was too cold.  I sat shiverring in my faux fur vest, happy I had dressed for the cold Phantom theater.The waitress was very nice, and our orders arrived prompty.  Tapas is my new obsession, so I was delighted with the selection, but the dates were a bit overdone, and the chicken rolls were also dry.  The most fun I had was feeding the little sparrows who darted about delightedly.  I would give the place another try another day.
4	I couldn't pull the trigger on a 5th star because I am a little unsure how much of an effect the alcohol had on the deliciousness of this meal. Regardless, La Cave is a big time winner in my book. I ate a late lunch here with my brother and we were seated on the outside patio with a nice view of the pool and since it was a beautiful day in Vegas, this was a nice touch. Everything on the menu sounded quite good, but there are definitely two must try's, the angus mini burgers and the prosciutto flatbread, while both were great, the angus mini burgers were outstanding and completely melted in your mouth... those are a dish that I have since craved and will order again when I return to Vegas next month. We also had a salad and the jumbo lump crab lettuce cups and those were also quite good, but if we could have substituted two more orders of the mini burgers for those two dishes, we would have done it in a second. The service was very good and the atmosphere was lively and La Cave seems like the perfect place for a lunch before or after a day at the Encore Beach Club.
5	Mini sliders- excellentQuail egg flatbread- excellent Mushroom grits- excellentSliced sirloin- a little salty but saucy, excellent onions, well cookedBeignets- excellentStrawberry bruchetta- very good
4	Simply put, amazing! The ambiance was very serene, modern, classy.  Service was knowledgeable. The wine and cocktail list appeared well rounded... Though the wine options seemed to start above $50 for a bottle .  We tried six small plates: hamachi with hot peppers (divine!), bacon wrapped figs w blue cheese fondue (one of the highlights of the night), butter lettuce w dates Gorgonzola and crispy prosciutto, flat bread w quail egg and fontina, and delish baked clams, and for dessert  beignets w three dipping sauces. I also tried a wine sampler of reds. It was really a nice set of tastings.A couple (if minor) weak points include that unless you stagger your orders , all of the plates come around the same one and the waiter really didn't  advise us of this.  Also I felt the dessert, while tasty, was not quite as superb as the rest of the meal.  All in all, if I were back in Vegas again, I would definitely take a second trip back to la cave among all the other excellent restaurants in Vegas.
4	Really enjoyed my dinner at this "new" place when we went for the 1st time! The place is very nice, one bar facing the kitchen (which is too warm for me), one bar facing the wine, and one large bar facing alcohol bottle and wine bottle.The tapas were fantastic! The staff was amazing, one of the bartendar was the master in food recommendation and the other bar staff was the wine expert. Perfect team! The place is little too warm for me, which made the wine too warm for my taste. Even if poored from the wine fridge, it was too warm for me. The food was amazing, the ambiance was great. The bar high chair were not comfy but the bartender recommended switching them with the one from the middle of the place which were much MORE comfy!! The highlight of my experience were the beignets!!!! ...and the sliced sirloin!!!! :)Going back this week and cant wait!!Yoohoo!!
4	La Cave is a smaller Tapas joint hidden in the Wynn corridors. Part of its allure are the 3 different seating "rooms" the restaurant offers. Indoors for the person that wants an intimate, dark setting with chatter around. A covered patio type situation with wicker seating for the casual diners who want to have a more spacious experience. And of course, the tables completely outdoors that face the pool area.Having had the opportunity to dine here for both a late-night dinner as well as an afternoon lunch, I was able to experience the entire restaurant. The hostesses and waitstaff here were very friendly and they even remembered me when I came back the next day. This is truly the most heartwarming restaurant - service wise- that I've been at the Wynn properties. Yes, most of the time service is impeccable in these resorts but this was the only place that I felt that the wait staff actually cared and weren't just carrying out directions. The chef, Bill De Marco was there the entire time at dinner and I actually saw him inspecting all the food that left the kitchen. That to me, is a good sign (as I constantly mention in my reviews). Once again, we had partaken in the vegan menu offered here (all priced between $10-$15):1. Salt Roasted Beets, Vegan Cheese, Pistachios- The beets were cooked very well and sweet red juices were oozing out of every bite. The pistachios here really made the dish. Grated to the tiniest piece, they provided the uniquest crunch to the dish. I can only say that perhaps adding a few more pistachios might have made this dish more memorable2. Mushroom Tortellini, Arugula, Tomato "Cream" Sauce- I was going insane at the plump juicy cherry tomatoes that topped the dish. Yumminess! The tortellini's were savory and the cream sauce was exquisite. Pieces of mushrooms mixed into the dish were also so satisfying. Served in a cast iron cup, the presentation was also eye-catching3. Gardein "Chicken", Celery Root Puree, Lemon Caper Sauce-Yum Yum Yum. After we plowed through this, we wanted seconds. The protein was cooked amazingly. Crisp in the right places and moist in others. The concoction your fork made with some Gardein, the celery root puree, some of the spinach and sauce was just heavenly. Deliciousness.We had blood orange margaritas that were rather potent and very tasty to round out the beverage portion of the night. La Cave is a nice place for all events...date night, a nice weekend brunch or a rambunctious group dinner. And they have a menu for everyone. I like!
4	We popped in here before our dinner for a cocktail and appetizer. We sat at the kitchen bar seating - ordered a martini and two apps. The whole menu is small plates but very decent size small plates. We ordered the lump crab lettuce wraps and mini mozzarella/tomato flatbread. Both were amazingly fresh - you could tell they really took the time to make sure their ingredients were fresh. The taste was equally as impressive...would recommend this place to anyone and everyone! Service was good and decor was very cozy - it definitely stands by it's name "La Cave"...
4	This review is for La Cave at the Wynn Hotel. There is also a restaurant called La Cave at the Paris hotel. Different restaurant, a bit confusing.Back to business, La Cave at the Wynn Hotel. This is a tapas restaurant. You order a bunch of small plates and share. Everything we ordered (and we ordered a lot) was delicious. There were 5 of us and we probably ordered about 15 different small plates. Also had wine. There was also a vegan in our party, and she ordered 3 different menu items off the vegan menu (you have to ask for it but every single restaurant in the Wynn hotel has a vegan menu if you ask.)My favorite item was the flatbread with artichokes and ricotta cheese on top. It was amazing. I don't eat meat, but the guys in our party loved the mini burgers. They wound up ordering an additional serving of those. Cheeses were phenomenal. Had to ask for more little breads to go with the brie. My sister the vegan ordered another version of the artichoke flatbread (sans cheese) which she said was phenomenal as well. She also had a beet dish that she said was very good.Just a couple negatives. First of all, I called this restaurant a couple weeks before our trip to make reservations. I was told that since La Cave was one of the more "casual dining options" at the Wynn, they did not take reservations. Upon arriving at La Cave on the night of my 40th birthday, I was asked if we had a reservation. I told the hostess that i had called and was told i could not make a reservation. She said i must have spoken to the wrong person. She proceeded to tell me that their tables were all booked up for the night, but that she could make room for us in the lounge area. This turned out fine. I actually liked the lounge area better than the main restaurant area. A lot more light out there in the enclosed patio area. (Outdoor patio was closed due to high winds....although we saw people sitting out there even after we were told it was closed.) The only problem with the lounge area was that the tables were low and the seating is not really set up for a meal. But it worked out fine since it was a small plates/casual eating situation. I was just disappointed that when i called the phone number listed for the restaurant online, i was told one thing, then was told something different on arrival. I am so glad they had room for us since this was a birthday trip planned months in advance, and i picked La Cave out of all the other restaurants in Vegas due to their menu options that worked for everyone in the birthday party. We dropped about $1,000 at this place, and they almost lost our business. I would say they need to fix this issue asap.One other caveat: this place is very expensive. It may be one of the more "casual" dining options at the Wynn, but not when it comes to the price. Since it is a small plates/tapas style restaurant, you have to order at least 2 plates per person to have enough food (that's why they're called "small plates.") Each plate is around $12-$20. And then there's the beverages. A glass of wine will cost you about $15. The cheapest bottle is around $65.Also, i have to say that I wish there were some restaurants in Vegas where all the servers/waitresses/hostesses were not dressed like prostitutes. No matter where we ate throughout our stay, no matter how upscale the restaurant, without fail, all the waitresses were wearing skin tight stretchy dresses/skirts that just barely covered their private parts. Since it was my first trip to Vegas, this caught me a bit off guard. But i guess that's just Vegas. This is definitely a town set up for men. I noticed that male servers were not dressed similarly/scantily. Just the females (and most of the servers were female in all the restaurants.)
4	We were staying at Encore, and had an afternoon flight to catch, we decided to have something small and quick. La Cave was the perfect choice. They offer tapas-styled dishes in the afternoon. We ordered the jumbo lump crab lettuce cups, which was incredibly delicious. Very light and well-flavored. There was so much fresh crab meat in the lettuce cup. Awesome!We also ordered the chilled taylor bay scallop and fiery artichoke, roasted pepper pizza, they were both yummy. The wine we ordered were quite satisfactory. Service was great. We were sitting outside the patio overlooking the pool area. The weather was warm, nice, and breezy. It was quite an enjoyable late afternoon/early evening dining experience.
4	This place is definitely a hideaway!  We came here to grab a drink before pre-dinner drinks before dinner and drinks....maybe it was a little too early b/c we were about the only people in here, oh well!!!  What I recommend....Jumbo Lump Crab Lettuce Cups and a glass of Pinot Noir!!!  Heard their pizza is pretty good as well.
5	Best food ever :)
5	@nd night in vegas and SW was booked again! so La Cave it was.Loved their selection of cured hams and cheese! I've never been a fan of wine until i started pairing them with cheese and I was so glad that la cave had malbec!my favorite choice of wine. They had goat cheese as well and many different varieties.The ambiance was perfect, dim lighting and high ceilings and great staff.We also ordered the beef carpaccio, chicken, and others i can't remember.Not a full entree type of place but a great place to grab mini items for a night out.who wants to stuff their face before drinking anyways? just so you can throw it back up later? ummmm no thanks.
4	Another small plates joint.  I love small plates and sharing.  I also love enomatic machines.  They ensure that the wine comes out at the right temperature.  Red wine is always served too warm.  I had the Blue-Eyed Boy Shiraz by Mollydooker and a nice Malbec.  Both were excellent.  Some of the wines are not served in the enomatic machine.  Make sure to order from the enomatic machine.  And ignore the $120 glass of wine.  I don't know what's up with that.  The rest of their wine is reasonably priced.Our bartender, turned server as the night went on, was also excellent. Very attentive and anticipated our needs. We tried the bacon wrapped dates, mushroom grits, and the prosciutto flatbread.  I could have lived without the bacon-wrapped dates... too large and mushy. you have to cut them in half to eat them. The blue cheese fondue the dates came with didn't have much flavor to it.  I like Firefly's bacon-wrapped dates better with the almond in the middle for some crunch.  I think our bartender did too, because he asked if we'd tried Firefly's.  The mushroom grits were to die for... so tasty with the truffle oil.  I adore grits.  And the prosciutto flatbread was also very, very good.  Lots of prosciutto with arugula made for a nice balance of flavors.  The flatbread is huge compared to the other dishes, so beware.The desserts were ok. There was a toasted poundcake with strawberry and sour cream ice cream that sounded great but turned out to be underwhelming.  The poundcake just tasted stale and the sour cream ice cream just tasted like vanilla.  We also tried the beignets which were just beignets.  Nothing to write home about.I like the ambience, but I would suggest sitting farther away from the door.  Maybe at the bar in the back or at a table.  At one point, these kids coming from the pool in swimsuits decided to play in the revolving glass door... and the hostess and their mom let them.  In about 1 minute, one of the kids got slammed in the door by the other kids.  Screaming ensued. The mom couldn't figure out how to get the kid out of the revolving door for a while.  So annoying.  I think the hostess should have put a stop to that before it happened.  It was pretty predictable.Later in the evening some drunk guys in t-shirts and shorts came in, falling all over the place and asking for Coors Light.  Charming.  Just get a table in the back if you are looking for ambiance that does not involve the regular Las Vegas tourist. It's a cute spot that has potential.
5	Great Concept. Great Food. Great Wine. Great Service. Oh, did I tell you...amazing! Defiantly has now become our "TO GO" place! Congrats on you all.
4	Great place for tapas.  Bacon wrapped dates, Fiery Artichoke flatbread, and Diver Sea scallops all amazing.  I will be going back!!
5	I thought this place was amazing.  Part of that may be because someone in our party knew the chef so they brought out all kinds of cool off the menu items. But everything was delicious (only thing I didn't like was the beets). Most memorable dish for me was a flatbread wih an egg on it and a bunch of other delicious toppings. Another plus was that the courses were timed really well- you'd finish a dish, very short wait and then the next thing would come out. Also a nice non-pretentious/casual vibe for this caliber of food. One of my top restaurants in Vegas. Can't wait to go back. Oh, and prices are reasonable too, which is a nice change in this town.
5	Yum. We loved the ambiance, the wait staff was helpful and prompt,  and the food was great. In fact, my husband liked his dinner so much that he wanted to go back for lunch the next day. The charcouterie plate was wonderful & our waiter was knowledgable enough to help us in our cheese selections. The flat bread was to die for. I highly recommend this place in the lovely Wynn Hotel.
4	I absolutely appreciate the ambiance this restaurant radiates!  For a party of 6, we had to order quite a few plates (typical, they're tapas! ;))  These dishes were full of flavor...oh and don't forget the wine!  We had a bottle of moscato that was just one of the best I had.I crave this place!
5	We went there last weekend, this place was great.
5	I was pleasantly surprised at how affordable and delicious La Cave was.  However besides that, I just loved the mood and the layout of La Cave.  There are 3 distinct rooms where you can enjoy delicious Tapas and wines.  Me and friend were in the swanky NY Lounge room that reminded me of being in a Lounge somewhere in Lower Manhattan.  Now let's talk about the Tapas... 2 thumbs up for the Mushroom Grits and the Diver Sea Scallops... awesome.  Together we ordered 3 Tapas dishes and had a glass of wine a piece.  Total with tip and tax about $43 a piece... which is excellent for a Wynn restaurant.
4	I love love love this place..i would give 5 stars but the service - like all las vegas restaurants - is lacking. we had the stuffed chicken (OMG, delicious!!), the bacon wrapped dates - which is an interesting concept but not so yummy, the chicken rigatoni - must have, the marinated shrimp - eh.. not so great, and the mini burgers which weren't WOW either. the dessert is so so so yummy - i love the caramel peanut butter bars (which are two giant lollipops) and the chocolate cake was sooo yummy. i love the outdoor patio and the ambiance. overall a must to visit at least once in vegas. interesting menu, great wine selection, and yummy dessert. all this for $150 (+ a bottle of prosecco)
5	Finally I find another gem. This place is classy and casual. Our waitress, Lisa, was very attentive. Food was excellent, simple not over powering. The price is reasonable but remember it's tapas style so you'll get little bites so it's fun to share with a group of friends. Nothing bad I can say about the place. For four of us we end up ordering six dishes bill was about $80If I get to do it again I wouldn't order beef cappachio very small portion... the classic way is to lay thinly slice of beef flat, a little dressing, and choice of micro green. This way there are plenty of raw meat ( 16 - 28 slices on a plate). The best one I had was at Chaya in Beverly Hill.La Cave only served four thinly slices, rolled up with sauce. You should order:Crab lettuce wrapAngus beef sliderPizza with quail eggs on itBelgium beer.
5	After 2 days of partying, loud music and empty stomachs, La Cave was just what the doctor ordered. The cozy, lounge like atmosphere made La Cave the perfect beginning to our last night in Vegas. To satisfy our greens craving we ordered the asparagus, egg and pancetta salad which was spot on! The quail egg, ham and cheese flatbread was super delish and had an unexpected, yet nice spice to it. The steak croquettes topped with blue cheese were also delish! What was that sauce? Yum! We also enjoyed a nice bottle of Malbec for $48. The service was great and our waiter was super accommodating. He even allowed us to hang out long after closing to finish our wine and enjoy the view off of the balcony. In the end, we spent about $120 (including tip) for two girls. Best and least expensive meal we had in Vegas. I would recommend calling to see if you can reserve a table outside on the balcony.
4	I was really impressed by this cool, relaxing wine bar located in the strip.  The atmosphere was classy and chic, the wine list was extensive and the service was good.
1	The service is terrible and the food is average. I'm not sure what people find so interesting about this average menu. The hostess had absolutely no clue what having a reservation means. If you make a reservation - don't plan to be seated any time soon or be told when you might be seated. And the bar is small, so you will not be able to sit and have a cocktail before dinner. Terrible!
4	This place was pretty good. They had a separate vegan/vegetarian menu which was a great bonus. The food wasn't anything extraordinary but it was a good restaurant for small plate food and drinks. Ask to seat at the outdoor patio the view is so pretty.
4	This is probably one of my favorite tapas at Vegas.  Its intimate, quiet, and the service was excellent.  The wait was kind of ridiculous though, because we waited 45 mins for our table when there was no one in front of us and the restaurant wasn't full at all.  The few dishes we tried were light and refreshing.  Everything we tried were quiet impressive, love the wine also.  Especially the scallop
5	I love me some good tapas and this place did not disappoint. Tried the halibut on the toasted baguette and the marinated grilled shrimp. Both were out of this world. I still crave those shrimp!
4	Very delicious. Very intimate. Very fun. A bit pricey for what you get, but if you're looking to splurge a little or impress, definitely the place to consider. It's good for dates because the portions are decent so you get to taste some yummy food without getting full. Nice glass of wine or two and you'll be enjoying everything else as well.The highlight of our meal was definitely the pizza with chorizo. I could have ordered 3 more of them and kept eating because it was that good. Service was attentive and polite. They screwed up our wine order and sent it to the table next to us, but the staff quickly cleared things up and I was enjoying my nice warm buzz by the end.We were fortunate enough to sit right in front of the kitchen, so we got to see how hard the chefs work to get the food out. It's like sitting at a bar, but with the kitchen cooking right in front of us as we ate. I got to say, they work hard. It was also great to see that they took the affair of cooking seriously and were concentrating on producing a great meal every time. Overall, a great experience. The food is thoughtful and creative. The flavors are, in my estimation, meant to be paired with wine. Even if they're not, definitely get a glass because the food and wine definitely complement each other.
3	La Cave is described as a "Wind and Food Hideaway" that serves savory small plates and oven fired flatbreads. You are greeted at the front with what seems to be typical for Las Vegas Hotel restaurants."Can I have a last name.""Can I have a first name.""Are you staying here at the hotel?"At first glance, the restaurant doesn't seem very large. There are 3 different parts to the restaurant: the main dining area, the garden lounge, and the cave. In the front room (the cave), the ceilings are low and there is a bar on the left and seating at a long table in the center. On the right side, you can sit by the open kitchen and watch the food being prepared as you eat. The back room (where we were seated) is slightly larger with higher ceilings and a more open feel. There is seating along the sides and middle of the room, and another bar at back. The last room, which is partly outside, is called the garden lounge.After we were seated, our waiter introduced himself and made sure to tell us that the food would be "small plates" and pointed to the plate on our table to show how large each item would be. Apparently the people that sat down beside us didn't want small plates, so they got up and left. Moving on to the food, we were given a short overview of the menu, told about the Chef's specials for the day, and given an extensive wine list.We decided to order three things:Meatballs, Marinara, Bread (Chef's special)Sliced Sirloin Steak, Mushroom Fondue, Cippolini OnionsLamb T-Bone, Bacon, Mustard Greens, Fresh FigsAfter ordering, the food was brought out much faster than I expected it to be. I suppose this could have been a bad sign (it wasn't). Although not extravagant in any way, the Meatballs were my favorite item from the meal. The meat was seasoned perfectly and the marinara didn't overpower the flavor of the meat. Also, for the price, the portion was very large. The Sirloin Steak was cooked well (I mean flavor, not that it was burned to a crisp). I don't really like mushrooms, but in this case they didn't detract from the overall flavor. Finally, the Lamb T-Bone. This was almost as good as the meatballs.  Great seasoning/flavor and very tender is how I would describe it. The lamb was placed over a bed of mustard greens with bacon. In almost any situation, I hate mustard greens. Not this time though, as they were actually good.No room for dessert, but I'll assume we didn't miss out on anything special. The desserts are standard desserts served from the hotel (Wynn) and not unique to the restaurant. Beyond the food, the service was very good. From the person that showed us to our table, to our waiter, to the person going around refilling drinks. There was just enough attention, but not too much to the the point of being annoying. The next time I'm in Las Vegas I'll definitely be going back to La Cave to try out a few more things.
5	They stray from calling it tapas, but they have magnificent small dishes.  The decor and patio are great, a fantastic setting to enjoy the great food and great cocktails.  Make sure you make reservations.
5	Stopped in for some late night munchies after catching Love at The Mirage. The decor and the ambiance is fantastic. Just a really comfy feel. The menu is small, but packed with lots of interesting stuff. Be aware that everything is basically tapas. Small plates, but really good for sharing. We ended up with 5 items for two people. Roasted beets (excellent), bacon wrapped dates (divine),  grilled hanger steak with mashed potatoes (fantastic), flatbread (tasty) and some kind of chocolate mousse dessert (very tasty and rich). All around good experience. Can be sneaky expensive if you are not paying attention to what you are ordering. I would easily good back. Especially for late night dining.
4	The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because we were confused when we first sat down about how to do the place right.  The place was packed, and we just walked up, but the greeters couldn't have been nicer helping us get a couple of seats at the kitchen.  We ordered some cocktails - DANG! - don't tell anyone, but our vodka tonics had to have been a whole glass of vodka poured over ice.  No complaints here.  We started with a charcuterie plate, which was good, but the lesson we learned is to skip the charcuterie and move directly to the flatbreads and small plates.  We learned this hard lesson after seeing all the amazing dishes being turned out by the kitchen.  We ended up ordering one we saw - a flatbread with filet, mushrooms, caramelized onions and blue cheese - DANG AGAIN!  This flatbread blew us away even more than the flammable cocktails.  La Cave does not mess around.  We will definitely be back next time we're in town to try the bacon wrapped dates and more goodies.
5	Great food, fun presentation, attendant and proactive service, and wonderful atmosphere.We'd had a couple of mediocre or bad experiences in Vegas on our trip, but this was the one that we were hoping for.Our server, Larry, was top-notch, accommodating, and pleasant.  The food was tremendous, especially the lump crab lettuce wraps and bacon-wrapped dates.  Thank you for a great night out at a reasonable rate!
4	Fabulous... Had a wonderful time. Atmosphere was great! Food was very rich so we didn't end up eating all that much. Do the wine flight- best deal.
4	I would have never picked it. So glad we went here. The meats are fresh, the wine selection is fantastic and they are open late. Comfy vibe and outdoor options. The 4 of us shared everything and would definately come back. Overall great experience!
5	I was fortunate to have business meetings at the Wynn this past week and made it a point to have lunch at La Cave as I had heard great things. And I was definitely impressed. La Cave, known for their small plates, flatbreads and extensive wine list, was simply amazing! I dined with 2 colleagues and ordered 5 plates, which was more than enough to share. I will review in the order we received our food, starting with the mushroom grits which were to die for! I don't believe I had ever had grits before and my first experience eating them was amazing. The grits are served with the mushrooms, pecorino cheese and butter on top and after mixing everything in, each bite I took was absolutely delicious. Next up was the salt-roasted beets, topped with goat cheese and pistachios. Every beet salad I've had in the past is usually served cold, whereas the beets I enjoyed at La Cave were warm and fresh. Shortly thereafter came the bacon-wrapped dates which were also out of this world. Our chorizo & sausage flatbread came next which was a very generous serving. The flatbread was unlike any other with the unique toppings served here. Finally, we had ordered the stuffed chicken and that is the only dish I wouldn't highly recommend. While not bad, it was just chicken with no unique touches. All in all, I am so glad I was able to dine at La Cave and will definitely return upon my next trip to Vegas.
4	Small plates = 2 to 3 plates per head.  Flatbreads are a little bigger.  Next time I would request to sit outside on the patio.  Filet flatbread was very tasty but greasy, and lamb with bacon and greens was great.  Extensive wine list and great drinks.  Vegan menu is a huge plus with losts of choices.  Mushroom tortellini and beet salad made us happy.
4	I was recently in Vegas with my boyfriend to celebrate his birthday. We had an awesome dinner, and then checked out Lewis Black at The Mirage. After the shot let out around midnight, we were looking for a chill place to enjoy a glass of wine and some snacky type food. This place seemed to fit the bill, so we made our way over to the Wynn.For what we wanted, this spot was perfect. We were seated in a quiet, hip little room and presented with the late night menu and wine list. I selected a prosecco, my boyfriend selected a viognier, and we went to check out the menu. We were a bit surprised that they didn't offer their cheeses on the late night menu. You'd think it'd be the easiest thing to get ready, but I guess there aren't a lot of people looking to sip wine and nibble on cheese in Vegas at 1am. Oh well. We ended up with the bacon wrapped dates and some of the mini-hamburgers. The burgers were probably some of the best sliders I've had. The meat was very fresh and well seasoned, and they were topped with a tasty chipotle mayo. I'd seen bacon wrapped dates on menus before, and had always been curious about them. They didn't disappoint. The sweetness of the dates compliment the saltiness of the bacon very well, and the creamy blue cheese fondue that was served with them was delicious. The service was pretty good. Our waitress mentioned that it was her first time working the late night shift, so we understand when she had to ask for guidance on a few things. The prices are about what we expected. Overall, it was a perfect end to a great day. I think we'll be trying La Cave for a full on dinner in the near future.
5	went here for my moms birthday, service was good and the food was excellent.
4	Great spot for wine and drinks. Lite menu but very tasty snacks. Flatbreads were outstanding, especially the chorizo, anduoille one, and just what we were looking for as we wanted to duck out of the hustle of the casino and just have some conversation.
5	I'm kinda easy to please when it comes to an afternoon filled with a glass (or a bottle) of wine, a cheese board and charcuterie. We were seated in their outdoor patio that overlooks the pool and started out with a glass of wine. They have over 250 bottles of wine to choose from, as well as wine served by the glass. Our first round of orders included: Jumbo Lump Crab Lettuce Cups (excellent), Bacon Wrapped Dates, Blue Cheese Fondue and Rigatoni Pasta with Grilled Chicken, Basil Cream. Everything was larger than your average tapas plate. Definately enough to share with 2 or 3 people (depending on your appetite). We then split the Charcuterie, you have an option of 3 meats and 3 cheeses (cow, sheep or goat). We enjoyed everything that came out. Don't forget to try the S'mores Flatbread.
2	Couches and pretty staff.  Good place for a drink.  It is loud though and the service was crappy.  Did not eat so I can not give you any input there.
5	Polite People @ door.  Nice ambiance. Bit loud. Pro waiter.  Great Cocktail.  Food was great.  we were wasted but it was great.  Bacon wrapped dates, and Lamb T Bones on Mustard Greens were amazing.  We'll be back
5	We have visited the Wynn/Encore three times now and it is always a delight.  La Cave is new for our third visit and we were knocked out satisfied.  In fact, La Cave is the ONLY restaurant we ever visited twice in the same Las Vegas vacation.Our server, Beverly, was delightful.  Very knowledgeable and helpful, but not pushy.  The three meat flatbread was fresh, well prepared and presented on a neat cutting board.  My wife is still talking about the wonderful charcuterie appetizer.On the second visit we tried several other tapas and were very satisfied.  The beef selection had a great taste, along with the blue cheese topping that is!
4	After our not so great 5 star Italian experience from the night before I wanted to go somewhere close- in our hotel. Something light, something quick, and something trendy. La Cave caught my eye right awag from the endless restaurant menus at Wynn/Encore. I thought it would be the perfect place to dine, relax and try a few things.Fact: Michael Morton created this restaurant!Here the breakdown:Ahi Tuna Sashimi-pomegranite flavor, small dish, refreshing.Thai Snapper Cevice- not impressed. It came with little taro chips, but the fish was very "whatever"Hamachi-refreshing, but nothing special.Jumbo Crab Lettuce Cumps- a little too watery, hard to eat, but also very light and tenderCharcuterie-amazing! I loved all the difference options of mixing and matching.Marinated Shrimp-also pretty great!Angus Mini Burgers- I'm not the biggest red meat fan, but these were pretty delicious and very simple! They came with roasted tomatoes!Mushroom Grits-the favorite at the table! Even though it was a very small dish it was great for sharing! Very rich and creamy!My friends also got the Salmon and the beet/goat cheese salad. Both came in small sizes and were perfect for a course or to share.Overall I really enjoyed this restaurant. We sat in the lounge which had low chairs, dark atmosphere and very lively vibe! I would come back here again!! It's also a full bar!
3	We went here after seeing La Reve.  Unfortunately we were sat next to a table of very drunk people (who were loud & started putting their used plates on our table).  It wasn't the restaurants fault these people were so obnoxious, but it impacted our feelings about La Cave.We had the mini Angus burgers, meatballs, steak & mushroom flatbread and a couple of Pinot Noir wine flights.  The mini burgers were excellent (I would recommend getting the chipotle mayo on the side - the chipotle is really strong (and I like Chipotle!))  The flatbread was decent.The meatballs were good, but the burgers were the star.I might go back to this place if I could pick a table away from any obnoxious drunk people (maybe when the weather is better sitting on the patio is nice?)
4	One of Wynn's newer places, sometimes called a tapas restaurant; but let's get serious.  That has lost all meaning.  It is small plates, in no way Spanish.  Come on, people! It seems like it was just a few years ago that if I said I went to a "tapas" place, that was misconstrued as women with no clothes.  Now every spot that wants to overcharge for a flatbread is throwing that moniker around.  (End rant.)The Vegan Menu, which is all I care about, was small, but everything on it looked great.  There are about 6 items, ranging in price from ~$10-14.  I went with Amanda, and we shared four dishes: roasted beets w/ cashew cheez and pistachios, roasted pepper, kalamata, and artichoke flatbread, quinoa with caponata, and gardein "chicken breast" with sauteed greens and celery root puree.  I thoroughly enjoyed everything, but the gardein and beets were my favorites! The bread of the flatbread was pretty amazing too.  That would make a fabulous pizza.  No real vegan desserts (they offered fruit).I had a flight of Spanish wines (4 2oz pours, $20) that were all good.  They have flights for every budget, which is AWESOME.  Great way to expand your wine palate. My only real complaint is the ridiculously small tables, especially for a place where you will be eating multiple dishes at once.  Also, they do not make any effort to time the dishes, they just come out willy nilly, so ours were all there at once.  The service and ambiance were fine, nothing to write home about but no complaints.I would definitely go back and try the remaining two dishes (and get the gardein again!).
5	We came here for post-dinner, pre-show drinks and all in all it was quite lovely.  The ambiance is really great - classy without being uptight, dim without being too dark.  If we weren't on a schedule, this is the sort of environment I could hang out in sipping wine for hours.  The service was exceptional and the drinks delicious.  My friends got the blood orange margaritas and they were amazing - tons of flavor and not too sweet.  I had a white wine flight that was also very good, and reasonably priced at $15 for four 2 oz samples.Oh, and the server explained the date on the plates to us - one was clearly the year they opened, and the other was 6,000 something B.C., which apparently is the first recorded date of wine.  Pretty awesome.
5	My first visit was 12/13...and loved it so much I went back the 15th. Nice little Wine Bar - "Tapas" style - small plates. In 2 days, I tried the Asparagus Salad, the beef Carpaccio, the salumi charcuterie board, the cheese selection and the "Chef's special flat bread - bacon - quail eggs...Everything tested great and service was right on. The atmosphere is very nice, chic and intimate. I really liked the Wine Flight menu (everything from US - France - Spain - Italy - White - Big Reds - Pinot Noir etc...and quite reasonably priced also. A must go for a nice lunch, quick afternoon bite or...anytime
4	Dined here three times already... Obviously that means I like the place. Tried a variety of plates..... Crab lettuce cups (YUM), caesar salad (very basic), crispy wonton salmon (LOVE) , tomato flatbread (pass on this.... too saucy and tomatoey.. a little different than expected), chorizo flatbread (WINNER. but spicy. PRETTY spicy), onion soup (lots of onions and above average), mini burgers (3 burgers nice for picking.... not anything out of the world.... pretty average but will get again).Wines they have a nice array of....... Always just do the flights for the sake of being able to try different types of wine..... Tried the France and Italian and def the French was a nice choice :DWILL BE BACK AGAIN :)
4	Went for an early dinner the day after Xmas and really enjoyed the two flatbreads that we shared (one with steak and blue cheese and the other with quail egg and pancetta).  Service once we were seated was very good as well.  We opted to sit at the counter next to the display kitchen.  This turned out great for us, as the chef in charge of the flatbreads noticed that one of the ones intended for us was instead delivered to another table.  He quickly let us know that he was making us another one while passing a complimentary plate of bacon-wrapped figs around the partition.  Really above and beyond the level of service I normally expect at LV hotel restaurants, even at a hotel like the Wynn.One complaint was with the hostess.  We stopped in early (no reservation) when the place was nearly empty and noted that we just wanted to grab a quick round of drinks and appetizers.  Before seating us, she went through this whole process of getting our full names and whether we were staying at the hotel.  Struck me as completely unnecessary and rather ridiculous - they should really do away with it.
2	Multum in Parvo... that's what the sign says above the hostess stand.  I asked her what that means and she didn't know.  Then she asked the manager and (s)he didn't know.  Google tells me it means "much in little".  That's how everything is served.  Little dishes for sharing.The wifey and I came here because I read an article about Mr. Morton's little creation in the Continental magazine.  I was excited about trying out his new joint however, La Cave let me down.  The food was not spectacular.  The wines by the glass were ok.  There are other places on the strip where you can spend the same amount of money and get better dishes.  We tried the following dishes and I have rated them from best to least tasting: raclette cheese and potatoes, ahi tuna, mushroom risotto and the tomato mozzarella and caper pizza.
2	I was not impressed by La Cave at all. They had my favourite wine (Joh. Jos. Prum) which is = to a * on its own. but they only had it by the half bottle so that's loss of 1/2 *. The service was mediocre at best.  The food sounded like it was going to amazing and flavorful but most of it was very bland, the only exception being the beef carpacio which was amazing. FoodAhi Tuna- tastelessThai Snapper Ceviche- blandAngus Mini burgers-  not enough sauce too much meatBeef Carpaccio- phenomenalrepeat- nope
3	Pretty good food but i am not a very big fan of tapas.  overall i thought it was a fun vibe for some good wine and a light dinner
5	Not outrageous :-D!Flights of wine start at $15 (4 tastings about the equivalent of 2 glasses of vino) and have a very wide selection of Whites and Reds to choose from!On top of that, they have a separate vegan menu.  It's short and sweet but my two items were fantastic and filling.  I went with the artichoke flatbread (huge!  and delightful!) and the Gardin Chicken "somethingorother" I forget the name but it was really good.  All of our portions were pretty good sized.  Everyone kept telling us the portions were super small (duh, it's Tapas) but these were big for tapas.  I guess they're used to feeding the more hearty of customers that Vegas attracts.Props to Steve Wynn for going Vegan and making it so ALL restaurants on his properties offer some tasty veg options!
5	Though the designation 'Vegas Val" is by far my favorite and well-used moniker, my newly minted "Vegas Veteran" is a close second. And yet, with such a classification as these I have to ask myself "How have I NOT been to La Cave before?!"Perhaps it was all those Bellagio Buffet visits that got in the way of such a fine Vegas dining experience. Or, as a complete contrast, perhaps it was all those late-night, post-libation cravings for all things fried and greasy. Whatever the case, I'm really glad I came here!My friend and I had some time to kill as our man-friends waited in line at XS. Starving, we wandered the casino until we found something that looked reputable and served meat. Finding La Cave almost instantly, we both ordered the sliced sirloin and an accompanying wine flight. (Yes, I likely did not enter the establishment sober, but it doesn't take a sober person to know that their steak is LEGIT.) Tender and covered in a mushroom fondue, the sliced sirloin hit the spot. And at roughly $20, the wine flights were a great way to sample from the thorough wine list (as well as continue that pre-clubbing buzz!).Like most Vegas experiences I happened upon La Cave by chance. UNLIKE most Vegas experiences...I don't actually regret this one!
4	Ate here before hanging out at Surrender.  I ordered the filet flat bread, my friends - shrimp avocado flat bread, and beef tenderloin.  The flat breads were phenomenal.  Beef tenderloin was on the small portion side, but was cooked perfectly - melted in my mouth!  I originally had this marked down as a 5 star, but took one away for service.  The ladies at the front were not too nice when I asked what seats were available without reservations, and our waitress forgot the tenderloin dish.  We put in the shrimp flatbread after the initial order, and it came out before the tenderloin.  No comps for their mistakes, just an oops.
3	A lovely spot with delicious small plates and totally unfriendly, indifferent service.  Three of us sat at the bar (where only one other guest was sitting) and still struggled to get the bartender's attention throughout our meal - to acknowledge us upon arrival, to order drinks, to get said drinks, to order food, to ask for anything. . . though he was great at refilling my water at the end of our meal oddly enough.Maybe you'll have better luck at a table.
4	This was a great little place to eat before seeing La Reve at the Wynn.  We had the artichoke and red pepper flatbread, the sirloin steak tapas, and a salad.  The flatbread was excellent as were the sirloin steak.  The salad wasn't anything memorable but wasn't terrible.  I can't exactly recall what it was but it was similar to a caesar salad.  Wine selection was also good if a bit pricey but what can you do, its Vegas!
4	The best vegan meal we had in Vegas, if not the best of any meal since we became vegan.We had:Salted Beets w/Pistachios: AmazingArtichoke Flatbread: FantasticQuinoa with Eggplant Caponata: Incredible (husband doesn't even LIKE eggplant, but he couldn't stop talking about this dish)Gardein Chicken w/celery root puree: Friggin UnbelievableThe atmosphere is great, the space is beautiful, and the service is awesome.  My only complaint, and the reason there are 4 stars, and not 5:  Even though they boast a huge collection of wines and the Wynn touts itself as being very vegan-friendly, they had no vegan wines (most wines are refined with egg whites or some other animal product).  It's not their fault that they had no wine, really, but more the fault of the Wynn.  You can see my review here:http://www.yelp.com/biz/wynn-las-vegas-las-vegas-3#query:the%20WynnI asked when we made the reservation if they had vegan wines, and was told that they do not, nor does the Wynn have any vegan wines at all. Period.  I asked if we could bring our own wine, as I was told that yes, we could, but there was a 2 bottle minimum.  Luckily, we had rented a car, so we drove to Whole Foods, and picked out 2 bottles of vegan wine.  When we arrived at La Cave, and were seated at our table, we were informed that the corkage fee was $50 PER BOTTLE.  With a 2 bottle minimum!  I told the server that we were very disappointed and felt like we were getting ripped off.  The had no vegan wine, so we had to go buy our own, and now we were going to have to pay $100 just to drink it.  All we wanted was to sip some wine while we enjoyed our romantic dinner.  Our server told the manager, who then came and told us that this one time, as an exception, they would waive the corkage fees.  This was by no means something they normally would do, but they did it as a courtesy to us.  We were so grateful for this act on their part.  It was so kind and generous of them.We loved our meal at La Cave.  We will go back if they perhaps start carrying vegan wine (please!!!), or if we don't plan on drinking at all.
4	We went here a couple of times for a late afternoon glass of wine and snack.  We sat outside on one occasion and sat at the bar on another occasion.  Service was pleasant and efficient.  We found the ambiance and experience to be relaxing and a nice way to pass some time and have a light bite.  There were lots of interesting wine selections by the glass.  We would visit again.
5	I love tapas but this was the best, great variety, everything was great.  Service A+, late night going with team at HIMSS2012 conference.  Love the bacon wrapped dates and himachi. A most in Vegas.
5	La Cave is located inside of the Wynn hotel. The restaurant serves small plates of food so that you can order a bunch of plates to share with your friends. It's best to dine in a group of 2-4 people because the plates are small and even though you can order multiple orders of the same dish it's still hard to pass everything around the table...or you can do what we did and split you table into different groups. We had a party of 8 but divided the table into two groups to make it easier to order, share food, and split the bill. We were advised by our waiter to order about two plates per person and it was the perfect amount of food.Ahi Tuna (Pomegranate, Basil Oil) $15 - The ahi tuna was super fresh and the sauce was very flavorful.Hamachi (Pickled Chilies, Candied Lemon Zest) $15 - Again, the Hamachi was very fresh and the sauce was light but flavorful. I also liked the added spiciness from the chilies.Beef Carpaccio (Arugula, Truffle Aioli) $15 - I love truffle everything and the truffle aioli in this dish was delicious!Salt-roasted Beets (Whipped Goat Cheese, Pistachio) $10 - I loved the salt-roasted beets. The beets were sweet, the whipped goat cheese was rich and creamy, and the pistachio gave the dish a nice crunch.Shaved Asparagus (Hard Boiled Eggs, Pancetta) $10 - I loved all of the different textures in this dish...the crisp asparagus shavings, the soft egg whites, and the crunchy pancetta.Sliced Sirloin Steak (Mushroom Fondue, Cippolini Onions) $19 - The sliced sirloin steak was to die for. The meat was tender, the sauce was amazing, and the mushrooms and onions were super tasty.Diver Sea Scallops (Polenta Cake, Shrimp Sauce) $17 - The scallops were melt in your mouth delicious. I loved the polenta cake...it was soft and creamy on the inside and slightly crispy on the outside.Chef's Selection: Nueske's Bacon, Poached Quail Egg, Fontina Flatbread $14 - The bacon pretty much looked and tasted like ham. I liked the addition of the quail egg on top...it's something unexpected. The flatbread itself had a nice chewy texture and a nice crisp on the bottom.Everything was really good...we ate every last morsel of food!Including a bottle of wine and tip it came out to be a little more than $50 per person which is pretty reasonable for a nice dinner in Vegas. I would highly recommend this restaurant!P.S. They also have a vegetarian/vegan menu! There was someone in our party that is a vegetarian and she thoroughly enjoyed the vegetarian dishes as well.
5	Came here with 8 other girls for a friend's birthday. Needless to say, we tried pretty much everything on the menu - and was VERY PLEASED! Our server, Matt, was also extremely attentive, funny and quick! The service overall here was very quick - even though we had 9 girls, we were out of there easily in 1.5 hours. Some of my favorites however include (but note, there really wasn't anything that I disliked):* hamachi with jalapenos - SO refreshing & crisp! (small portion)* crab/lobster lettuce wrap* flatbreads - both the artichoke & the bacon/egg were delicious* bacon wrapped dates All in (including tax & tip), ended up being $60 / person (this is excluding alcohol).They also have various wine flights (4) available ranging from $15-25.
1	La Cave services small bites and has food I would consider as California Cuisine.  We ordered the bacon wrapped dates, flatbread, and grits.  The food was good, but nothing out of the world.  What really stuck to us though would be the horrible service we encountered while at this restaurant.After ordering our food, we were pretty much ignored by our waiter even though there were other customers in the room with us.  The wait staff helped our the other tables but never really came back to us to see if we needed more water.  In the end, we ended having to wave our arms like mad in order to catch the attention of anyone in the room to hand us our bill.  We never received a refill of water that we wanted.After getting our bill, it took a lot of flailing around trying to get the attention of our waiter to finally get him to take our bill.  What was frustrating about the entire situation was that he walked by us a few times, saw that we were trying to get his attention and continued to ignore us.  I was able to see him look over at us, ignore us, and then continue on.  After doing that twice, he finally came by to pick up our bill once he saw how frustrated we were becoming and asked "oh, are you ready now?".  He didn't bother to hand us our credit card back himself, sending someone else to do it.  We wrote our unhappiness on the receipt.I don't feel as though it was so busy to the point that this type of service is okay.  Actually, given the fact that La Cave is at the Wynn, I had expected so much more from them.  I was very disappointed and upset.
5	Best meal of my life, mushroom grits were unbelievably creamy and the flat bread melted in  your mouth
5	Although our server Perry was not as great as I would have expected, you have to come here to try the food. It is amazing. Reservations are highly recommended to this place. We were seated immediately after checking in with the hostess who happens to be outside La Cave (one of the walkways of Wynn).We were seated in a dark room with a view of the pool area. In fact, the whole place was dimly lit. Our waiter took forever to serve our table (15-20 minutes after being seated). I was rather disappointed with this. He apologized for this, but this is not the way to make a good initial impression. We started out with wine flights. I had the French wine flight and one of my other friends had the Italian wine flight.  The Italian wine flight was clean and crisp, typical of what you would find in an Italian villa. The French wine flight was full of flavor with a kick after each sip. I believe that both of those wine flights were great. I think that the Italian wine flight was $25 and the French wine flight was $30 for 4 tastings each. The wine flights had half reds and half white wines. You drink incrementally from light to dark so you drink the whites first before you drink the reds.Make sure you bring lots of money because for the three of us, it was almost 100 bucks per each person. I have to say that the dishes we had were so good. I think the combination of all the flavors as you take a bite of each Tapas item was orgasmic. We had the Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes, the Diver Sea Scallops with Polenta Cake, the Gorgonzola Salad, Sliced Sirloin Steak with Mushroom Fondue, Mushroom Grits, Beef Filet with Crostini, etc. Do not order everything at the same time. Order in batches so your food is warm when it comes out of the kitchen. Some dishes are quick but some take a while so you should consult your waiter about the lead times. I would love to come back here again for a special occasion as it is very expensive to dine here, but it is worth it.
4	Our group of seven ate here on a Wednesday night. We had made a reservation earlier in the day and were only able to get a 915pm seating (so make a reservation in advance if possible). We were seated at a very large table, which had large comfortable chairs. The room was dimly lit and had an open and airy feel (since the back of the restaurant opened to the pool. All of the food and drinks were very good. The service was not extremely fast but we were not in a hurry so it didn't make a difference to our group.
5	The head wine buyer for the Wynn just called me in response to a letter I wrote to them about this situation.  He said they do carry a few vegan wines, but perhaps the staff were not aware.  They are working on adding more and told me to contact him when we plan on revisiting so he can give us an up-to-date list on what vegan wines they have so we know what to order.  I am so impressed with the Wynn.  Truly amazing customer service and a beautiful hotel to boot!
4	I've been to La Cave enough times since it first opened to get the "lay of the land" and become pretty familiar with the menu. So far, I've experienced solid cuisine and tantalizing wines. Add the poolside setting, and all in all it's a lovely hideaway for a casual lunch or dinner.The pizza (sorry, "flatbread") with micro mozzarella and capers is quite delectable, and it's big enough to constitute either a good sized entree for one or a tasty snack for two. I had never even realized I like capers before trying this dish here. But once I did, I had a new found appreciation for the salty bite of capers (especially when combined with nicely melted micro mozzarella and crushed good tomatoes on warm flatbread). And if you're in the mood for something sweet, then don't bother leaving. Just order the beignets and dig in! They're puffy little dough balls that just become extraordinary when dusted with powered sugar and paired with tasty dipping sauces. I tried it with the raspberry jam, the chocolate sauce, and the creme anglaise, and in all cases I had to hold myself back from licking the plate. This may have been the high point of my most recent dining experience here.Oh, and don't forget the vino! I mean, come on, "In wine we trust" is written in Latin on this joint's ceiling! I'm trying to remember the name of the wine I tried on my last visit, but it was red, sparkly, sweet (but NOT Lambrusco!), and quite satisfying. If you like being adventurous with your wine, then you'll most certainly have fun here.So far, La Cave has been a great addition to Wynn's dining scene, and it fills a void in providing a "tapas style menu" at a price point that shouldn't even scare away tourists who think they can't afford anything inside Wynn or Encore.
4	Came here with a party of 9 girls for one of my good friend's birthday dinners prior to clubbing at XS.  Every single thing we ordered was bursting with flavor, featured very common ingredients in a new or exotic way, and had great textural composition.  We shared:*hamachi with pickled chilies, candied lemon zest and taro chips: I couldn't stop eating this!*thai snapper ceviche w/ asian pear and habanero peppers*jumbo lump crab lettuce wraps with citrus - they do not skimp on the crab meat*prosciutto wrapped chicken stuffed with cheese, lemon caper sauce*sunny side egg, jamon serrano, asparagus, toast*flatbread with quail egg, bacon and fontina cheese*flatbread with artichokes, roasted red peppers, olives and feta cheese*diver sea scallops over polenta cake and shrimp sauce - beautiful, savory, amazing!*marinated shrimp with roasted tomatoes and chili oil*shaved asparagus with chopped hard boiled eggs and pancetta - was a big fan of this lighter, fresh dish*bacon wrapped dates with blue cheese fondue*salt-roasted red beets with whipped goat cheese and chopped pistachiosOur server was this super cute and funny guy, and he was very attentive to our group.  It probably helped that we were all glammed up in our clubbing dresses too ;P
2	I don't know if I fell into one of those cases where my expectations were just too high, but I wasn't a fan. I expected a great dining experience considering the reviews on here, and the price, but the dishes were hit or miss. The ambiance was nice, but I wouldn't recommend this place.Hits: The cheese sauce for the bacon wrapped dates was really good, making it differentThe sirloin dish was delicious, especially the onion and mushroomsMisses:The flat bread was pizza...not what we were expecting for a Spanish inspired restaurantThe ahi tuna was bland and nothing special
4	We stopped in here for a bit to eat before Le Reve.  It is not a place that we even researched prior to going there but it was recommended by our server at Parasol Down.The ouside patio is beautiful with the surrounding pool and gardens.  We had some Prosecco and 3 tapas - bacon wrapped dates, some smoked salmon wonton thing, and stuffed chicken.  They were all quite tasty although the chicked was a bit dry.  Service was great.  I would love to go back and try some different items on their menu - the wine list looked very interesting as well.
4	When I called 2 hrs before our reservations, they were able to accommodate a table for 8 with no hesitation!  When we arrived we had our door seats, aww pretty view, but it was way to windy, so when we asked to be seated indoors, they were able to accommodate us after about a 10 mins wait.  Great!  5 stars for that alone! We wanted to try everything on the list, but were forewarned, each dish were very small portions.  we ordered 2.5 dishes per very 2 people, that wasn't enough for dinner.  But everything from the flat pizzas (4) to the scallop cerviche were delicious! After we all had our own desserts.  They were all very yummy.  The smores pizza was my favorite and I don't even like smores! The pricey dishes kept us from ordering to be full.  As for flavour, it gets 6 stars, for dinner place to go when hungry it gets a 3 star.  but overall I'd rate it a 4 start place.  I'd definitely go again for dinner but make sure you had a full lunch prior.
5	I love La Cave!Everything from interior to food to service was outstanding.  We came here before the Phantom of the Opera and were seated in the garden area since it was a little chilly for outdoor seating.  We were in a slight rush to make the show which we explained to our server and she was very accommodating.  She was at our table frequently in case we wanted to order more, and brought our food out as soon as it was ready.In terms of food, I highly recommend Ahi Tuna with pomegranate, ti's absolutely out of this world!  Flat-bread with tomato, mozzarella and capers was also very good.  The Truffle Tremor and Bermuda Triangle cheeses we also outstanding.Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm going back for more La Cave tapas!
4	I was by myself and sat at the bar.  Sort of a tapas place.  Had a nice flight of wines,good deal. Ate light cessation salad. Expensive but nice presentation. $9. Salad was small
5	It was amazing! The vegan food was so delicious. The atmosphere and service was fantastic! Will be going back soon.
4	Must try the bacon-wrapped figs. Quick service, amazing food. We also had the onion soup, snapper ceviche, ahi, and sirloin. The style here is more like tapas so be prepared to order several plates. A little pricey, but great quality food.
2	Tapas style American food. I would say at least $50 a person for food + 1 drink (like a glass of bubbly and not the higher end stuff). It wasn't my favorite eatery and here's why: ... Who could possibly mess up bacon wrapped figs/dates? The dates were huge sugary blobs, which overpowered the bacon and cheese that it was paired with. The beets were tasteless, even with pistachio crusting, it really didn't stand out. The sirloin with mushroom fondue was  a filler, not as savory as I expected. The flat bread was good, but not what I come to vegas for (I got mozz and capers, thought simple would be the way to go, but it wasn't great). The diver sea scallops were the star of the show stacked on top of a pan fried polenta patty. Not impressed with my dishes, try the luck with others!
5	Love the atmosphere both inside and on the patio.  The food is fantastic and not ridiculously expensive compared to other strip restaurants. My husband and I shared a flatbread pizza, a salad and a delicious scallop tapas and shared a flatbread dessert with another couple and that was perfect for us but I would probably say 2 tapas per person would be best.
5	We've eaten here 7 times now and never have had a bad meal. Sitting in the back bar is our choice, because the service seems to be exceptional there. If you sit in the back,ask for David....he rocks!
5	1 good natured waiter, 12 dishes times 2, and several wine flights later we were 9 happy girls! Food was awesome - felt kind of familiar but new at the same time. Thoroughly enjoyed our pre-XS bday celebration dinner here!
5	Went again last night and had a table on the patio as requested. We had very slow service which was disappointing but the meal was outstanding. I had the beef filet with gorgonzola for $20 and it was thick and delicious.  I will definitely have that again next time. The salads are great, the various sashimi were all good and the atmosphere is outstanding. I love this place but they could do a better job in the service department considering they were not full at 7:30 on a Friday night. Not a great sign of the times.
3	Service is lovely at the front of the house, but is "less than" once you reach your table.
5	I really am sorry it has taken me so long to write this review..La Cave has become a must do when in Vegas..now that they added a Sunday brunch I will definitely be stopping in then as well.The place is beautiful, if your lucky enough to sit on the patio, just sit back and enjoy.The wine flights are reasonably priced and come with some awesome wines..The appetizer plates are good enough to share, yet they are so good I hate sharing..We also stopped in on a sunday one day and our friends showed up with their 18 month old child..The chef came out to ask what he could cook for him and within 10 minutes they had his food ready..This goes beyond customer service, such a nice gesture and such great service all around..
4	Sunday brunch, beautiful garden inspired patio, long booth for us, so relaxing and comfortable, a bit of a retreat from the strip, with a hint of romantic....perfect for a quiet Sunday after hard partying on Saturday night ;p. We were looking for a restaurant for lunch at Wynn, this place looked pretty nice, decided to give it a try, host lady was very friendly, took us to a nice patio table, our super cute eye candy waitress Lisa came to us, introduced the brunch with bottomless mimosa or mojito options, also gave us a wine list to decide. The brunch buffet was amazing! Unlimited salad bar in the front, along with chilled soup, veggies, fruits, pastries, assorted cheese  and carving station. Servers brought us tapas every few minutes, scrambled egg, bacon and sausage, ham or veggie flatbread, potato, beef slider, cheese mushrooms,  pancake, French toast on a stick, egg and beef Benedict...so many choices, they were so delicious! Our mimosa and mojito were so yummy and strong, they brought a few desert treats too after we finished our brunch.The service was great, all eye candy waitresses kept our glasses full all the time, servers kept bringing us more and more tapas. We enjoyed our brunch so much, with the garden patio seating? Even better! The tab was $130, with bottomless mimosa and mojito for $20 each. It was funny I had to run back to give our waitress Lisa more tips, cause hubby realized he didn't give enough, and she deserved more. :) Love this cute little restaurant, romantic, intimate and relaxing, one of my favorites in Vegas. :)
4	There seems to be two locations, but the one I went to was at The Wynn hotel. Beautiful restaurant, but a lil cramped when packed. There's a beautiful indoor/outdoor patio which woulda been awesome had the temperature been conducive to breathing, but twas not thee case. The lighting was perfect for a sexy date and the food was very good. The flat bread pizza was yummy, the grits were surprisingly good, but the gratin with the cornichons was bad. I heart cornichons, but warm and amongst gratin did not work at all. My peach fuzz drink rocked and their wine sampling was yummy. All in alll I;d go back oneday. Service was great!
4	This restaurant was suggested to me by a friend.  We were seated half way between the outdoor patio and the interior.  The restaurant is sexy and dark....hard to read your menu dark, but that's ok.  The vibe is lounge, with an extraordinary wine list.Everything on the menu looks amazing.  It was hard to choose, but we finally settled on the sausage flatbread, pesto cream pasta and the hamachi.  All were incredible, flavorful and fresh.  I was surprised how spicy and perfect the flatbread was, only because pizza crust can be tricky at a restaurant that isn't really a pizza place.We skipped dessert, so I can't comment on that.Service started great.  As the night went on, the server became more absent and we finally had to stop a random waiter to get the check.I plan on coming back.  For drinks or dinner, it's a great place to go with a group or a date.
2	If you're looking for a great meal, THIS IS NOT THE PLACE!!! Their Food is ok, their  service is horrible and all their meals are both appetizer sized and over priced. The service was the worst i've ever had.
4	Great beer and wine. Great Tapas. Must go for a nice little moment with your significant other. The food really was well done.
3	My visit here Sunday eve. was similar to dating a gorgeous jerk. Atmosphere, service (attentive) and wine options were great and expectations high(based on looks)... but half the tapas I tried were poorly executed. Drinks: a tasty (affordable-like all their wine/cocktails in general) glass of Chenin Blanc(cheapest I've ever seen, but from S. Africa), then a good moscato. Wine flights here are fairly priced as well and offer grouping or individual tastings as an authentic wine bar should. The wine, cocktail and bubbly lists are amazing and the wine list is esp. eclectic.Tapas: First up, a delicious gorgonzola salad w/ crunchy proscuitto and delicious dates. Best salad ever. Yay! Finally, a great meal to impress my friends visiting the strip!.... then s%!t starts tasting very cheap very fast:   The onion "puff" pastry soup came out within one minute and tasted like it had been under a heater or overcoooked(burnt, rubbery crust, sans any puffiness or flakiness to its texture). The scallops were tasty and perfectly cooked. I wasn't sure what to think.Then came the stuffed chicken... very overcooked... unforgivable?(should we break up; I just didn't know what to say... like all the others, huh?). The filet with blue cheese was flavorful and met expectations, even though my medium rare was probably medium. Proscuitto di parma was great-a therapy session to address my unstable joy-then aged gouda was served with a delicious raspberry jam but also with the most stale crostinis I've ever tasted. These were obviously not prepared of me but for some other guy who'd stopped by earlier, or maybe for anyone with mullah-typical. I only ate the crust for its mild crispiness. The flatbread dishes looked/sound creative and appealing but I was not in the mood.Dessert:They offer a beignet, but one friend suggested we share the crepe. YUCK... they sent out that one joke-on-a-plate, where the chef has reinvented the crepe as a cold ("deconstructed")one w/ flavorless, unripe fruit that makes italian desserts overly sweet by comparison... we(all french) each took a bite and smirked. I've enjoyed similar crepes before at a ton of other places, but this one sucked... no honey/sauce /nothing on the plate was on the same page.To be fair, this place is cheaper and far more chic than the the Bellagio's Pettrosian or those cheesy bars at the palazzo/venetian. Predictably, I plan to return to this sexy spot for wine and maybe try a couple dishes but nothing serious. Maybe I'll ease in w/ sunday brunch. I just need time. I regretted not going to the encore's (consistently fabulous) lobby bar.They should definitely cut their menu in half and master a smaller # of dishes.
1	I had the serious DISPLEASURE of attempting to dine at La Cave in the Wynn Hotel, Las Vegas this evening. What a dark, miserable little dungeon run by trolls.I was seated by a very snotty, skank hostess who apparently had little interest in the answers to her canned hostess questions: Was I a guest here? No. How do I like staying at the hotel? Uhm, I'm not. Would I like a wine list? No, I'm not drinking tonight....still got the wine menu. Why even ask if you don't even care??? Robot in fishnet stockings that she was, I'm glad she got off her stripper pole at the gas station in North Vegas in time to come to work at La Cave and find me a wobbley little table. YIKES.Anyway, I was dining alone and sat at the table waiting for a waiter/waitress for well over 15 minutes without ANY service, water or otherwise. Waitstaff walked by constantly, still no service.Since I was on a tight schedule, I got up and tracked down a waitress in the kitchen area and politely explained to her what had happened and then handed her back my menus. No one cared and no one tried to remedy the situation.I wound up eating at another restaurant in the hotel, with great service. Sorry, La Cave. Your service was beyond rude, your hostess staff was dirty and I was happy to take my 40% tip elsewhere.
4	Went here for dinner! It's worth it to order two plates, because the portions can be quite small! The ambiance is nice and the food is super flavorful! Of course it's pricey, but it's Las Vegas. The drinks are strong and the food is delicious!
2	The only good things I can say about La Cave is the service, staff and atmosphere. The food was not that great. The Beets with goat cheese was not bad at all, but the seafood we tried was sub-par. The salmon sashimi tostadas was not sashimi but smoked salmon and it tasted funny because it just don't go together with the sauce they serve. I wonder if they ran out of sashimi and just put smoked salmon and hoped we wouldn't notice? Maybe an error in the kitchen? I don't know.Our white sangria was actually wine spritzer with 3 pieces of fresh fruit in it. They charge $15 for that. Come on guys!!!Nice crowd, nice atmosphere and good vibe, good service but the food was just not good. They need to try a little harder.
5	This place has the best s'mores I have ever had. It is a s'mores flat beard but be warned you may not want to share so getting two might be a good idea.
4	I love this place.  If you're in Vegas and just want to nibble and nosh, and not the full gluttonous experience of dinner, then this is the place.  I had a crisp white Vermentino which I love on hot days. It was refreshing with a sharp bite and faint aroma of fruit, but not quite as cold as I would have like it.  The food, on the other hand was awesome.  We tried two flatbread pizzas, the Fiery Artichoke, Roasted Pepper, Olives Flatbread [sweet and salty and light] and the Chorizo, Italian & Andouille Sausage Flatbread [meaty, smoky and rustic].  Both were quite different but great, esp. the crust. My faves were the beef carpaccio and salmon wontons....we even ordered more.  Definitely will go back to try more dishes.
3	We went to La Cave as a party of 6.  Tapas + party of 6 = very expensive meal.  The reason is because you have to order 2 or 3 of each dish so that everyone can try it.  We ordered a number of dishes: salt-roasted beets with whipped goat cheese, caesar salad, stuffed chicken, shrimp, sirloin steak, chicken and fontina flatbread, bacon wrapped dates, angus mini-burgers, and s'mores flatbread for dessert.  Most of the dishes come with 6-8 pieces, except for the salads.  Probably the best dishes were the shrimp, bacon wrapped dates, and sirloin steak.  Everything else was good, but not mind-blowing or very special.  Service was very good, and the atmosphere is nice.  Note that it can get very loud in the dining area, especially in the front room next to the bar.If you like tapas, La Cave is worth checking out.  But if you go, bring one friend (two at the most).  Otherwise, you'll be seeing a long bill, as is shown in a one photo.I personally am not a tapas fan because it's not really a good value.  However, it can be fun for happy hour, or a light meal.
5	Wonderful food in a great setting.  My friends and I had dinner here while staying at Encore.  I did not realize that the food was tapas style so don't expect large portions.  Having said that, we all ate well without walking away feeling grody.  The waitress was extremely helpful and we opted for two dishes based on her recommendation.  My friend had the 3 bean salad.  Simple and nothing out of the ordinary, right?  Wrong...it was a great salad.  Other friend opted for a salmon dish that was expertly cooked and tasty.  I had the chicken and pasta which was also amazing.The vibe is a casual/romantic--outdoor seating, lots of candles.
3	I feel like there are a ton of "ritzy" small plates establishments cropping up, almost like a fad. But with all fads, there are the trailblazers and the me toos. La Cave falls under the "me too" category. For me, price should be an indicator of quality, and while La Cave excels in providing amazing service and creating  a wonderful dining atmosphere they fall short in their menu offerings, the most important element of dining out. We ordered the fixed menu where they bring out their best dishes for us to sample. Overall the dishes were good but overall nothing to make you say WOW. That doesn't mean there weren't 'wow' elements to the dinner. My favorite dish was the Mushroom Grits with Pecorino Cheese. Hands down the best dish they offer and definitely a dish I would go back for. The mixed green salad was also out of this world. Bacon wrapped dates were ok. The seafood dishes were also okay, the salmon was overcooked and fishy. For dessert we were brought the s'mores flatbread. My thought of those, why reinvent our beloved wheel? Graham crackers, Hershey's and Marshmallows... a sacred match made in heaven never to be broken up. Will I be back? Probably not until they revamp their menu, but if you've never been might be worth a check out.
4	Stopped at La Cave for a small lunch after working up an appetite shopping all day. Our server was very friendly. We ordered the seared scallops and the filet w/bleu cheese and crustini. I had an Asian pear martini and it was tasty.  The scallop was one of the best prepared scallops I have ever had (next to gary danko in San Fran and Alinea in Chicago) Next time I return, I would definitely do a full dinner at La Cave. I definitely want to try a flat bread next time.
3	Went to La Cave for lunch on Friday.  They were not busy at all and we can pick and choose where to sit.  The decor is beautiful and the patio area is just fabulous.  They offer wine flights that features 5 kinds of wines in each flight and the cost ranges from $20-$35.  You don't get a lot of each wine though so they probably add up to a little more than a glass of wine. The waiter came over and told us that their food is tapas and sharing style and the portions are small so you'd need about 2-3 dishes per person.  HE LIED.  The portions are good size actually.  Depends on what you order, say the flat bread pizza is enough to feed one person, and so is the pasta.   The food itself is very tasty and nicely prepared though.  We ordered a side of truffled fries ($5) and it's the yummiest fries I've ever had.  Their shaved ham with quail egg pizza ($18) is also fantastic.Not sure if it's good enough for me to return given so many great restaurants in Vegas, but it was an enjoyable meal for sure.
4	Very delicious, great tapas located right in the Wynn plaza. I had no idea it was tapas until we sat down though, so the price ended up being a bit of sticker shock in the end, when it looked so budget friendly to begin with.  I think there could have been more creative dessert options, instead of donuts, which were also served as dessert in another Wynn/Encore restaurant that week.
2	I had the lump crab lettuce wraps for lunch and they were very good.(Thats why the 2 stars) The service was good and I decided to make it our dinner spot. Unfortunately dinner was not so great. Steak was over cooked (all flavor was gone) and the scallops were literally raw.(I like mine undercooked and these were not edible) The service wasn't bad but not great. They should have removed the items as we didn't eat them. They brought a cheese course desert instead. (didn't ask for it nor wanted it) Might go back for the crab but probably not.
5	Service was excellent. Food was to die for. Wines were delicious. Ambiance was very nice as well. And all this with a variety of vegan options!
2	Personally, I was unimpressed with our meal.  In any event, if you are a group of girls making rezzies, make sure to request that you are NOT seated at the low lounging tables.  We arrived promptly for our 9 pm reservation.  After a brief wait, we were seated at what I would call "lounge" tables.  The tables were no higher than my knee.  To give some perspective, no higher than my knew is super low since I'm only 5'3".  "Lounge" tables are just fine to sit at while sipping on cocktails, but not good for eating an actual meal.Plus, unless you like to give people a peek at your crotch, it doesn't work so well for ladies in dresses.They were nice enough to move us to a regular dining table, but that only meant an additional delay before eating, which probably put a damper on me even possibly enjoying the food.
4	Per my galpal from Colorado's request to try a fine-dining meal together during her visit to Vegas, I did my research and thanks to these magnificent yelpers for their recommendations, we ended up opting for La Cave at the Wynn for dinner. We were tight with time and had quite a struggle getting a ringside table at Olives (located at the Bellagio) because apparently, making a reservation in the morning doesn't guarantee you a spot for the night. It's just that in demand! So we stuck with a 10pm reservation there and a 7:15pm reservation here at La Cave. As the day progressed (this was on Saturday), we had to buy more time to squeeze in other stuff to do for the day and realized we would not be able to make it in time here. Fortunately, La Cave had another opening at 9pm and were accomodating enough to push us back, plus leave our table open for 15-20 minutes to make it even more flexible. We got there just in time to be welcomed by some friendly usherettes who led us to a nice high table in the most cozy-looking restaurant, dimly lit with lines and lines of wine bottles ranging from varieties made as recent as last year to vintage wine (I think the most expensive bottle I saw was priced at almost $500)We enjoyed the most nicely presented food I've ever seen (Naturally, considering this was my first fine-dining experience). The portions were just as cute, enough to fill our tummies. And to think that I should've splurged at this opportunity, I actually ended up with a health-conscious choice of roasted salmon with vegetable pasta and yellow tomato broth for $16. That and a glass of water. Our server was patient enough to split our checks for the night and we were prepped and contented. Was a long night of great conversations despite the chitter-chatter in the background seeing as how the restaurant was packed. The atmosphere had such a classy vibe to it, totally worth dressing up for.
4	Wonderful little gem inside the Wynn hotel.  We arrived late afternoon to the hotel, too late for lunch but not early enough for dinner, so we popped in for a glass of wine and some cicchetti, and were very pleasantly surprised!   A very extensive list of wines by the glass, and some very nice flights.  We tried a nice flight of Italians (2 whites and 3 reds) then settled on one to stick with.  Food wise, the bacon wrapped dates were excellent, salty, sweet and crunchy all at the same time, and the blue cheese fondue was an interesting twist on this dish.  The sunny side egg was a show stealer, wonderful soft fried egg with some crisped up serrano ham and still crunchy asparagus.  A delightful dish!We were impressed enough that later that same weekend, we came by for the sunday brunch.  This was also a unique take, with most of the food being passed "butler style" as they call it, rather than at a traditional buffet.  Huge selection of different dishes, from breakfast sandwiches to duck hash to freshly made pizza.  Pair that with bottomless mimosas and we were in good shape!The room itself is also very nice, with a wine cave sort of effect as you come in, but a very nice open air patio in the back looking out on the Wynn grounds.   And the wait staff was excellent on both visits.
5	I pull up this place while I was walking around the Wynn on Yelp and saw some great reviews. I decided to stop by and give them a try. I ordered many food items and was please with everything. The atmosphere was relaxing and beautiful. The Scallop Diver was so fresh and well put together. Their flat bread tasted so good and their ingredients were so fresh. Their meat & cheese platters are nice,and well put together with a side of fig spread.  I highly recommend everyone to give them a try!!!
3	I really likes this place it had a good atmosphere. We tried several different things charcuterie plate, chorizo flatbread and steak dish. The steak dish was over cooked but actually ok. We told the waiter after we ate that the steak was a little well done... they gave us an appetizer on the house. It is nice to see that a place actually cares what the customer thinks...hard to find in Las Vegas.
5	After checking into our room at Encore, we wandered around the resort and came upon La Cave.  Yelp reviews were promising so we stopped in for a light lunch.Ordered:Beef Carpaccio - thumbs up (and I am NOT a fan of raw meat...that's how good it is!)Bacon Wrapped Dated - neutral (if you like sweet dates, this could be your thing)Bacon, Quail Egg, Fontina Flatbread - thumbs up (yum yum yum)Beets - thumbs up (warm beet salad is delish)Angus Mini Burger - neutral (others in the group liked it, but it was just another slider to me)Diver Sea Scallops - thumbs up (perfectly cooked)Beignets - thumbs down (this was disappointing...it was just dry dough balls covered in sugar)All this and a bottle of red wine, fed a group of 5 (3 of which were manly men who love their las vegas buffets) as a great tasting menu for a little of $200...no one left hungry...everyone was satisfied and energized for another round of gambling!Will definitely be back!!!
3	I was there for diner 2 weeks ago and, the waiting time was good, the food and wine were good. But the service not so good. It took so long for somebody to come and ask us for something to drink and so long for them to bring water first and then long time to bring the wine. I might go back again, not so sure.
4	Had the gorgonzola filet flat bread and was totally blown away. The ahi tuna was very good and the wine selection was stellar. The service was lacking or I'd give it five stars. Also they sat us right in front of the kitchen and the waiters kept bumping my chair. It was a small annoyance but enough to subtract a star. Would defiantly go back if just for the flatbread.
5	La Cave has excellent service, an elegant and chic atmosphere, innovative and delicious dishes and an amazing wine selection with brilliant sommeliers. All-in-all I had a wonderful dining experience and for a very fair price. Thai Snapper Ceviche-this was my favorite dish; bright and light flavors with a subtle heatAhi Tuna w/ fruit salsa- had a great spiciness to awaken your taste budsSunny side up egg w/ serrano ham & asparagus-crispy ham and a friend egg over toast was simply deliciousBacon wrapped dates-everything I hoped they would be: sweet & salty & crunchy & chewyRaclette- heart warming and flavorful gooey-cheesy baked Swiss dishMixed greens salad- great combination of acidity and earthiness Roasted beets w/ whipped goat cheese and pistachio-my favorite vegetable dish Diver sea scallops atop a polenta cake- great textures and flavors, a must-order!Beef filet with crostini & blue cheese- classically delicious and perfectly cookedS'mores flat bread- sweet, chewy and rich--a great way to end the meal!With all this food and wine, we were stuffed! This restaurant is a cozy, beautiful sanctuary in the Wynn...I can't wait to return!
4	STILL a fan but I'm starting to think they have new management because the employees don't seem happy.  While waiting at the bar for my husband the bartender didn't say two words to me and the other bartender had a big frown on her face. Lots of large parties which mad the dining room very loud but we got outside on the patio at 8 pm no problem and it was only 1/2 full and the weather was glorious. The food was great (Gorgonzola Salad is fantastic) but it's been hard to order a glass of wine with dinner (*bar must take a while) and this has happened to me repeatedly.  We had better service than our last viist but it's quickly slipping off my radar but we do enjoy the atmosphere. I think we will try Jaleo in the Cosmo next time we want tapas.
4	Great atmosphere, Great service & Great food!We had dinner before the Garth Brooks concert on a Friday night. Patio seating was excellent and our server was fantastic! We had a party of 8 in which she gave us several reccomendations of items to try along with our drink orders. She was so accomodating and nice, even when she forgot 2 items, it was ok, because she was that good and everything was perfect. Wonderful cocktail selections along with the food. The carpaccio was absolutely delicious! Tender meat served with capers and herbs along with an aolii sauce. The flatbreads had a wonderful combination of ingredients with the flavors bursting in your mouth. Would definitely recommend this restaurant to others.
2	Lamb was way overcooked but otherwise tasted good. Beets were literally inedible thanks to way too much salt, and the waitres didn't even offer to remove them from the bill or bring another dish when that was pointed out.  Flatbread was good.
3	I really wanted to love this place... hmmph oh wells my search continues for a nice hideaway. Food: Sliced Sirloin Steak: 2/5Our waitress continuously reminded my table when we ordered our food would come out the order it was made. We said that's fine but when I got my order the sauce was very cold and so was the cut. BUT the plate was definitely heated, I ended up getting it sent back and the chef offered a free desert and his apologies. Veal: 4/5was very hard to slice through, maybe it was my knife but I swear it was definitely but it was very delicious, soaked in a pomegranate reduction, on top of a bed of veggies. Chefs selection Thai Sweet Basil Flat bread: 4/5very delicious, not too sweet and the flat bread was very soft yet also crispy. Desert: 4/5S more's Flat bread courtesy of the Chef for sending out a cold order of sliced sirloin Steak. It was very delicious. I love the dough they use for their flat breads. Very soft and it complimented the chocolate well.  Wine: 4/5$70 bottle of La Sala Chianti Classico $70, Great Wine, very light and refreshing. I thought buying a bottle would've been a better deal than buying mutilple wines by the glass. Happy we picked this bottle.Service: 2/5Personally I think our waitress just forgot about us. She mixed up our order and forgot to order our desert. Well at least she had the balls to come over and apologize that she forgot and the chef offered a free desert. Ambiance: 4/5Great atmosphere, I loved the decor. Very modern, dimmed lighting, if you get seat on the patio they have big windows over looking the wynn garden or the waterfall. Very elegant.
4	Had another great time at La Cave last weekend.Casual yet nice wine bar, good food, great wine list, and fun/hip crowd. We like the high top tables in the bar the best. Good people watching and vibe.Great waitress and service. The hostess could be a bit more friendly.This place is on our rotation for our Vegas weekends.
3	Finally made it out to La Cave for a full dinner and I hate to say it, but I wasn't as wowed as I thought I would be. We came in and took a seat at the food bar, where we watched the guys cook awesome looking flatbreads all night long. The first task was inspecting the wine list. I must say, even for Vegas the prices on the list were high. Saw a pinot grigio that I can get for $12 in Utah on there for $55. But we're celebrating, right? But there were many unique varieties of wine on there, which is much better than we can do back home. After asking the sommellier a few question, we decided on an ansonica, which we'd never tried (or heard of) before. We were very happy with the selection, which had a very unique slightly sweet flavor. First, we had a couple of meats and cheeses: one blue cheese, one soft and creamy cheese, and a bit of salami, all very tasty and complimentary. The first (and biggest) miss of the night was with the beef carpaccio dish that came next. I'm sure the beef was of very high quality, but all I could smell when it arrived was truffle oil. The smell was a huge turn off and negatively impacted the taste of the dish as well. I definitely wouldn't recommend that dish.After that, we had a shrimp dish with piquillo peppers. The dish had a lot of nice, big, fresh shrimp that we loved. However, we'd primarily ordered this dish due to our love of piquillo peppers, and this just had a few chopped bits that were overpowered by the accompanying sauce. I really would have liked to see them do something with this that accented the peppers more.Our final two dishes were veal short ribs and a flatbread with olives and artichokes. The veal was probably the best dish of the night. The tender veal had a wonderful flavor. Still, I felt that the accompanying sauce was a bit too strong for meat of this quality. I really wanted the natural flavor of the veal to stand out more. The flatbread was a nice way to end the meal. It was perfectly cooked, with tasty fresh vegetables. The goat cheese really accented the flavors. I feel as if this review might be overly picky, as we definitely did enjoy the wine and the food (except for the beef). But simply put: while this was a very good meal, there are many better places to go for small plates in Vegas. And given the choice between those places and this one, they're going to revamp the menu a bit to get me to come back.
4	I tried La Cave for the first time on Sunday and I really like it there. I love our waitress! She was so nice, I believe her name was Lisa. We told her it was my first time in Vegas since it was my 21st birthday so she came out with a little cheese cake for me and we didnt even ask for it! The food is kinda pricey but then again, it's vegas. LolI love their Angus mini burgers! Their wine is really good! I can't wait to come back when Im in town again (:
5	La Cave had great customer service and the environment was chill. I love all the dishes that came out. I went here for a business trip to Vision Expo and got to eat charcuterie plate. Cheeeeese is so dam good with prosciutto & salami. Charcuterie is my new thing now.... Had ceaser salad with a little bit of sardines, a kick with some saltyness and prosiutto with the salad. Also, I enjoyed truffled mac and cheese and shrooms and some fresh scallops with polenta cake.. scallops were very sweet. Tried bacon wrapped dates and it was interesting... sweet and crunchy. They are all small plates but after all of them, I actually got full.While we waited we actually went to the bar to have drinks. There was a delicious cider champagne ( I think it was apple or some type of fruit ) but it was nice during the wait. The bartender was very helpful and social.
2	I was really excited to visit La Cave but I wasn't impressed.  I planned on having a party of 13 eat and drink there for my sister's bridal dinner and went back and forth with the manager regarding seating.  She claimed if we wanted to sit on the patio we had to have a set menu, which would run us about $60 per person.  Honestly, I don't have that type of money and if I did I wouldn't have spent it there.  Also, where is the patio located in this place?  The pictures online are very misleading.  We talked to the manager and wanted a large table in the back and we were told that would be fine.  We were put in the very front of the entrance in the middle of the room ( which was in between two bars).  The thing that irritates me the most is we could have just shown up and probably got a better seat with having to go through all the hassle of reserving a table.  The service was ok.  There was one lady who was actually paying attention to our table and she wasn't even our waitress (I wish I could remember her name).  On several occasions we asked for waters and the waitress said ok and never came back.  In all honesty she knew because the party was over 10 people she had a guaranteed tip included.  She was NOT worth the $91.00 tip.   The food was ok.  I wasn't wowed by anything.  The waitress said everything would come out when it's ready and at different times.  I've worked in a restaurant for 9 years and I'm sorry that's a load of crap.  It's called knowing how long things take to make and timing when to ring things in.  I'm also sure the waitress could walk over to the kitchen and let people know to bring everything out at the same time.  There are hundreds of other places to eat and drink at in Vegas.  Sadly, I will not be back.
5	Ah yes, YUMMY! We went before the Garth Concert. MAKE RESERVATIONS!! We didn't and we had to sit at the bar to eat dinner, which was OK, but I would have preferred a table. Anyway, I had the beet salad and OMG was it good and rich and super delicious. My companion, had the little filets and he said they were fantastic. The flat bread pizza's looked really good and I will have that next time and the beat salad. FYI - tapas style, all little plates, but rich rich food and so you don't need "Super Size Me" portions.
4	Reservations are a must - regardless of the number of people in your party. A nice place for tapas, where you can share as a group, or greedily order multiple dishes for yourself. A variety of food options, even a menu for the vegetarians. They do have a full bar which is nice, since most of the cocktails are quite sweet tasting.The food tasted very good, and they do have some very interesting concoctions. Because it is tapas, and the menu is a bit priceier, if you're super hungry, this might not be the best place for you (try Johnny Smalls or Firefly). But if you're looking for a place with a nice ambiance, this is a nice one. They do have a beautiful patio area overlooking the pool which makes for a beautiful backdrop at the end of your meal.
4	Came here for dinner before La Reve since they are both conveniently located at the Wynn hotel and left full and satisfied. The place has a unique modern cave like atmosphere and it was definitely cozy inside. Service was excellent as our server was not overwhelming and allowed us to take our time picking their tapas like menu items. Everything I tried was absolutely delicious, but nothing compared to their phenomenal bacon wrapped dates with blue cheese fondue, it was to die for. My husband who is a okay about most food in general, was like 'these are amazing." So that has to tell you something. These are a must get! I had the mini burger sliders and they were prepared excellently, perfect combo of bread and meat. Plus, they were also served with a little tomato vinaigrette salad which was really refreshing. My  hubby had the sirloin with mushrooms and he really liked the way it was prepared in a plum like sauce, super tasty as I had a bite. All other items that our friends had including the flatbread, the veal, the garlic shrimp, they seemed to enjoy it all. Plus the beer was served in these fun glasses, very cool in my opinion. But only reason for not giving them 5 stars is that I felt that the dessert menu was a little limited. My friends had the s'mores flatbread and they seemed to enjoy that but that's not really my thing, the only crust on s'mores should be graham cracker not pizza dough. Oh well, but if I stay in the Wynn next time, I will definitely come here again as it was super tasty, nice ambiance and great service.
2	Literally sitting in the restaurant right now. Never yelped before but the service here is so terrible that I think I will pop that cherry. Bitchy hostesses quote us an 30 mins when there are 15 open tables, "not enough servers" they say. Well we get a terrible table, ask to move to 5 others and are told no. We steal a couch spot not even cleaned yet and wait another 30 for 1 drink and another 30 for tiney tiny food. Which is delicious by the way. Cost benefit analysis... Might be worth it ;)
5	I love this place! So freaking good! Must Try:Food: The carpaccio and mushroom grits (amazing!)Drink: The Fiery Yazi (trust me - you won't regret it!)
4	Went here twice while in Vegas...Enjoyed the cheese plate & their Raspberry Mojitos, made with fresh raspberries.  Their flatbreads were really good.  Would def go back!
3	Come for the ambiance over the food!I first dined at La Cave for my BFF's birthday party. And by party I mean the birthday girl, myself and our third musketeer. We were keen on a more upscale experience. Somewhere around casual fine dining without breaking the bank. We also wanted to do a girl's night where we could actually talk to each other without a voicebox / stereo system throwdown. La Cave maintains a reasonable volume level and never gets very loud regardless of how full it is.AMBIANCE  |  It definitely has the low-light, sultry feel going for it with a few very intimate dining areas. In my experience, the further away from the entrance you are the better. The main dining room is alright, but the garden room is a little more luxurious with the indoor/outdoor sliding doors. You get the cozy seating and low ceilings but you get to check out the Lake of Dreams-inspired garden.FOOD  |  The veal short rib deserves a solid 5 stars. It's always perfectly cooked and really well marinated. At $20, portions are surprisingly bigger than expected. At the same cost, they have the sliced sirloin which is 100% pass. The mushroom fondue is more salt than flavor and on one occasion, it was served cold. Honorable mentions are the warm beets w/ goat cheese and the pepper/artichoke flatbread.WINE & SERVICE  |  I've been to La Cave on a few different occasions and service seems to be consistently mediocre. You'll see your server a couple times in the beginning but don't expect them to check up on you very much. For my friend's birthday we got a relatively inexpensive bottle of chianti ($70). But the second time I went, my other friend purchased a nearly $300 cab and even then, our server rarely came by to top off our wine glasses. The wine selection is extensive and organized in a way where a wine lover of any calibre can pick something they like. La Cave also being a swanky wine bar also has a pretty decent selection of wines on tap on those fancy Enomatic systems.Nice choice for a date spot or a GNO!
4	Love this little hideaway!  Doesn't look very inviting from the outside, but if you venture through the entrance, you'll find a cozy "bar" that overlooks the chefs that make the exquisite flat bread masterpieces - my favorite item on the menu is the Beef Filet, Caramelized Onions, Mushrooms, Blue Cheese Flatbread.  You definitely have to be a fan of Blue Cheese to truly appreciate it.. wash it down with a fun flight of wine and you can't go wrong.  Did I mention it was pretty reasonably priced?
2	We were staying at the Wynn, decided to give this place a try.  I thought this was a family restaurant, but it's more of a bar lounge.  If you are looking for that kind of an environment, this is a nice place.  I was with my kids and they were hungry we decided to stay anyways. The Thai Flatbread - not too bad for the size and price.  I personally don't like the Thai flavors on pizza or flat bread it always too sweet.  My kids liked it so I guess it was alright. Cavatelli Lamb with brussel sprouts - it was ok it's super small...Good thing I wasn't hungry so it was fine.Angus Burger Sliders - Now if a 9 year says his burger is dry then you know it's dry.  They eat McDonalds all the time and don't complain.  These sliders were really bad doesn't live up to it.French Fries - Surprisingly, they were the best things, then again they're probably frozen fries.   Beignets - You get 5 doughnut holes with some jam for $9, talk about getting ripped off.I ordered a 4oz pour glass of wine and my kids had soft drinks, bill came out to $96.I guess you pay for the ambiance and not the food!!!
5	Five Stars all the way.Have been to La Cave on a few different occasions. All different, but all just as excellent.In short, the food is all tapas style and everything is delicious. Do share a few different things. And if you are like me, do order two of the crab citrus lettuce wraps....The wine is phenomenal. Their selection is great and they have the best wine flights I have ever had. Personally, I only order from their wine flights, so that I can get a few different tastes of the wines I like versus just focusing on one.Their Sunday Brunch is truly an experience. Everything is served in small plates, and there is no menu. Waiters just continue to come by with different options and you can get as many different things as you like. For $30 you can also add bottomless mimosas, bloody Mary's or Caipirinhas. Overall, an awesome deal for the quality and quantity you get. (Just ask my mother in law and her sister, who in their 70's can throw back more of these drinks than any 20-something.)If it is a nice day, make sure to ask to sit out on the patio. It is gorgeous!
4	Really enjoyed ourselves in the low-key intimacy of this venue. The food was excellent: beets with goat cheese and the flatbread were great!The huge TV inside was a bit distracting, we ended up moving to the 'outside.'
5	Can't say enough good things about La Cave.  I love the energy here, and the food and the staff. We've tried about almost everything on the menu and it is always top notch.  I'm not one for chain restaurants, but if they were able to keep the quality of the food and service I would love to have another La Cave in my home town.
5	Absolutely divine. I've eaten a lot of beet salads in the last year - it seems to be on every small-plate and farm-to-table restaurant menu nowadays - but this was the best. Served warm!We also got a flatbread, scallops and shrimp - all delicious. Got the French wine flight, which was very good. Expensive? Yes, but not the most overpriced restaurant in Vegas.And like every other place at the Wynn, top-notch service. Unfortunately the patio was closed that evening so we couldn't check that out.
4	My BF and I came here for a drink and a nosh in between games. It was a beautiful day, so we sat on the patio and enjoyed our food and drinks. The service wasn't overly attentive, but no biggie. The food was good. We had one of the best Nebbiolo's there...I would go back just for that reason.
5	Love this place!  Actually thinking of framing a menu and placing it in our bedroom (?)Love the wine flights (tho Nickel & Nickel hits me just fine).The shrimp and beef dishes are universally delightful; flatbreads are well - flatbreads.This place screams, "You made it, baby!" and furthermore, "You enjoy great food".
1	After eating here feb 11th I got extremely sick I have Diarrhea and headaches calling them to help the problem they are rude accusing me  of lying saying that me being sick isn't there fault it was the only place I ate and I was the only one to eat the dish I ate. They are rude and don't carethey are not worth getting sick over period
4	So let's be honest: the girls working at the front of the restaurant are the reason most people give La Cave a second glance. In a city well known for scantily clad women, La Cave still manages to outdo itself.And, oh yeah ... the restaurant.The almost-tapas style menu means that you're going to order a lot of finger food style dishes that are tasty. How exactly they come together as a meal depends on whether you carefully select each dish or simply order a smorgasbord ... but either way, the food was delicious, if not pricey. But this is Vegas, after all.And did I mention the girls who greet you at the front of the restaurant?
4	The bf and I wanted to find a wine bar during our trip to Vegas and after reading various yelp reviews, we decided to go to La Cave at the Wynn.  I called to make sure I didn't need a reservation for a Thurs at 7:30 pm.  The phone rang for awhile and I almost gave up but someone finally answered and was very friendly and said we should definitely make a reservation.  They asked about dietary restrictions and I said I was a vegetarian but I'd already found things on the menu I wanted and I was informed they have a vegan/vegetarian menu.Now, we arrived 30 minutes late thanks to the monorail/shuttle service no longer offering a stop at the Wynn...and I was wearing heels having not expected to be walking for 20 minutes.  By the time we reached the Wynn, I had extremely painful blisters on both my big toes and was not in the mood for anything.  Seriously, you want me to be a heinous b*tch, put me in uncomfortable shoes, and make sure I'm late for something and starving.  Thankfully, despite our lateness, they said they could get us a table in 10 minutes and we could wait at the bar.  We plopped down at the bar and started to go over the extensive drink menu and were about to order something at the bar when they told us our table was ready.Our server Desiree came over to greet us very quickly and asked if we'd dined there before.  She explained the portion sizes (they are "made to be shared" more like tapas) and the flatbreads are 8-10 pieces.  I asked for the Veg-friendly menu and was tempted to try the mushroom tortellini with cashew cream sauce but I don't like mushrooms enough to go on that adventure.We decided to split the wine flight of white wines that was $20 for 4: Sauvignon Blanc, Riesling, Moscato, and Chenin Blanc.  The presentation of the wines was very cute...a long wood block with small cupholders built in labeled I through IV in order of the lightest to the most full-bodied.  Our server explained this and left the wine menu there for us to observe as we drank.  I noticed she got a few other tables around the same time one of which was larger.  Another staff member came to check on us to make sure we were doing ok in our server's absence.  The only issue I really had with the place in general was the music.  It was kind of club-style dance music and it seemed wrongly placed for an intimate wine bar.  My bf and I couldn't really have too much conversation in there because of it.We started by ordering salads: the Mixed greens salad and the 3 bean salad.  my mixed greens salad was ok but the 3 bean salad was awesome and I wish I had gotten that.  The crunchy chickpeas were my favorite part.For our entrees, my boyfriend ordered the onion soup in puff pastry with gruyere and I ordered the fiery artichoke, roasted red pepper, artichoke flatbread with goat cheese.  Neither of us minded not being able to talk much once those two items came.  My bf was practically licking the bowl by the end and I was enjoying the fiery burn of the spicy peppers.We wanted dessert and afterdinner drinks so we asked for the dessert menu.  My bf had already ordered a cappuccino which was unfortunate because there was a tasty caramel-coffee drink on the alcoholic drinks menu that he would have ordered had he waited for the dessert menu to get to the table.  I ordered the Spiked hot chocolate which tasted like liquid tiramisu.  YUM!  We decided to try the basil and mint infused creme brulee and our server made sure that we understood it had the herbs because clearly she'd had a customer complain about this in the past.  Kudos to our server for checking!  When we got it, the dessert looked like it was cooked properly and the sugar had a nice crack when we dug into it.  The first bite was VERY herbaceous and I probably could have done with just one herb.  The combo of the two was a bit overpowering, but the diced strawberries broke up the savory aspect a bit.  By the end I was wanting more.Our bill all together was about $104, not bad for a nice sit-down dinner in Vegas.  Great experience!
4	Came in with a group of 6 girls without a reservation on a Saturday night around 8 and only had to wait about 10 minutes.  When another table opened up the waitress gave us the option of sitting there as well.  They were very accommodating. The food itself is very good, and the servings are just right.  Definitely share the plates because you will likely get sick of the one thing you ordered.  The flatbread with steak was my favorite.  I also had a beet salad (there were a lot of beets and I was hoping there'd also be some greens, so it was a bit one note).Drinks were nice and strong.  You can also order drinks to go.
4	Overall I loved it. The scallops were beyond delicious,  scrumptious perfection, but only 2 pieces. The veal short rib with brusell sprouts was delicious,  but unexpected specially since the description didn't mention it would be penne pasta with shredded short rib.  The sauce more than makes up for the misleading description. The flavors in the beef carpaccio decadent, too bad it's such a small portion. The ceviche had no flavor,  u couldn't even taste the lime,  that alone makes me want to take a star away,  but everything else was delicious.I wish they would bring the lamb chops back. The place is suppose to resemble a wine cellar hence "La Cave"  but it could be too dark for some folk. Oh and the portions are too small for the price of each dish.  The price range was from $8-12 for salads not bad,  but $15-20 for main dishes,  which are tiny.  By the way I'm not a fat ass that gorges on food I actually like sharing with my significant other,  and I believe in quality not quantity,  but these portions could use a slight enlargement. :-)
5	This is easily one of my favorite restaurants ever!  The customer service was phenomenal, the food was absolutely delicious, the atmosphere could not have been better, and the waitresses & their outfits... well you have to go and see for your self!Food:  We ordered a variety of things including salmon, flat bread, shrimp, pasta, s'mores flat bread dessert, pinot wine flight, and a couple of beers.  It was recommended to share with the table and it was really nice having a mixture of foods - all of which were cooked to perfection. 5 out of 5Atmosphere:  "Darker" type of environment with both a inside and outside area.  I'm personally a huge fan of this type of restaurant and thought it was visually one of the most appealing restaurants I've eaten at.  There was also a more modern music selection which made the place feel alive. 5 out of 5Customer service:  When I originally booked the reservation they asked if there was a special reason for my visit and I let them know it was for a 30th birthday.  The person who scheduled my reservation on the phone said she would try to get us one of the nicer tables (all of which are extremely nice) which was appreciated.  Upon the day of our reservation, our flight was delayed so we had to push back the reservation time and it was done without any issue.  The waitresses and bus boys paid close attention to all tables but didn't overly show up at the table.  5 out of 5If you are looking for a nice place to have dinner, pay an extremely reasonable price for what yo get, and a lot of fun - I HIGHLY recommend La Cave.  We will be back every time we are in Vegas!!
4	DATE/TIME: February 25, 2012 // 11:00 PMPRICE: $25-$75 depending on appetite & beveragesVALUE: Great tasting food in small portions. Worth the prices if you're the type to be more interested in satisfying your taste buds.AMBIANCE: Tasteful modern interior, dimly lit and a bit sultry - provides a great intimate atmosphere. There's an indoor and outdoor patio area where you might be able to enjoy the view of the waterfall or garden. The further away you are from the main entrance, the more cozy you'll be. SERVICE: Attentive, friendly, beautiful servers with plenty of great suggestions.CHANCE OF RETURNING: 85%___________________________________Great tapas-style dining experience, allowing you to sample a wider array of dishes in smaller quantities. Everything was consistently well prepared and delicious. The five of us quite literally wiped the plates clean.It's also one of the few late-night places that maintain the quality of its food and service even past your typical dining hours. La Cave is a good pick whether you're just looking to pop in for drinks and a snack or an actual meal.Will definitely be back the next time I stay at the Wynn/Encore.
5	Great food, service and atmosphere.  Wine flights are a must.
5	I'm going to break this down and make things really simple.Two words. Fiery Yazi.Now go. Now!Oh... Also, top notch bar service - absolutely impeccable and special. Now you may go.
5	Love love love. Came here for Easter dinner. Exquisite food sampling a with a phenomenal selection of beer and wine and pristinely warm and attentive service. I will surely be back.
4	This was my second time here.  Co-workers and I kicked off a conference here mid-week for lunch to strategize.  La Cave serves tapas and small plates to share.  Without exception, every dish we tried was fantastic, from the crab lettuce cups, scallops on polenta cakes, beets, charcuterie, ceviche etc.  Between four of us we knocked out about 8 different plates.  We sat outside and it was a beautiful day.  The Wynn does a great job of creating a very relaxing setting at its restaurants.  The only ding was the wait.  It took a really, really long time just to get the order in, and then the plates almost all came out at once, so there was a lot of juggling of dishes on the table.  Either way, La Cave is a place that I recommend and look forward to coming to again.
2	Definitely a different experience than most.  I didn't like this restaurant.  Came in late at night and sat at the kitchen bar.  Nobody else was there.  Good place to sit if you're solo because you can watch the kitchen.  I love kitchen seating because the action is really fun to watch.  But this was a very weird experience.  They probably had 4-5 people on the line and they didn't communicate with each other- at all.  Every.  Complete and utter silence, which I thought was so strange.  They were not a-lovin-their job.  They were just robots going through the motion.   Maybe the kitchen is set up that way on purpose, but I have never seen a kitchen not communicate- at all.  I think it came across in the food too.  No love in the food.  I had a flatbread that was really, fell flat.  Nothing to it.  I did have a braised veal pasta dish that was good.  The service was okay.  I had a decent wine flight.  All in all, it was a strange experience that I didn't enjoy.
4	Visited La Cave before our 9:30 Le Reve show.  Our waitress suggested four plates so we ordered: salmon sashimi, scallops, pasta with chicken, and steak with mushroom sauce.  All were very good and we were full so we ended the meal with a dessert of creme brulee.My only complaint is that the food came out very quickly and we were done in less than an hour, leaving a long wait for our show.  A more leisurely pace would have been nice.  Bill with tip was $98.
3	Our last visit gave us great service and excellent cocktails, but not as good food as in the past.  We had the bacon wrapped dates that were stuffed with blue cheese - the bacon was very, very well done.  Our favorite flatbread with filet and caramelized onions had way more mushrooms than filet, way more cheese than in the past and was underseasoned.  Remembering how this dish was always such a flavor explosion, I felt weird shaking salt and pepper on it.  The caesar salad with the lemon anchovy dressing, all tied up with a proscuitto ribbon, was outstanding.  I could've eaten 4 of those.  We've enjoyed La Cave so much in the past, the other dishes overshadowed the salad, making this visit disappointing.  La Cave's not at the top of our list anymore.
4	Located within the WYNN, this is a great place for a casual to upscale dinner experience.  Food is served in a tapas fashion so you can order several dishes to try.  Place is a bit expensive, but what do you expect being located in the WYNN.  Service was fantasic, food was delish, all within a relaxing enviroment.  I don't recall excatly what I had, but we ordered 5-6 different dishes. All were great.We dined here on 5/10/13.
4	Awesome feel and decor of this place. Tapas were good- beautiful presentation, and service was spot on. The snapper ceviche could have had a little more, thus the 4 star review, but in all a solid place. Will give it another try for sure- and bring your wallet. It is not for the people looking for happy hour or the value menu.
4	Pre show meal and were not disappointed.Bucked the trend and had craft beer rather than the expensive wine choices.Had snapper cerviche (B), Bleu and Gouda cheeses (A), the house special flatbread (B+), the shrimp with garlic and peppers and potatoes (B).Service was good and serviceable but probably the most inattentive we had all week.
4	La Cave is a great spot to eat.  I love the atmosphere here.  Food was great too!We had:Mixed GreensMushroom GritsOnion SoupThai Snapper CevicheHamachiBeef CarpaccioCavatelliFiery Artichoke, Roasted Pepper, Olives FlatbreadBeef Filet, Caramelized Onions, Mushrooms, Blue Cheese FlatbreadAngus Mini Burgers
2	Not impressed. It does NOT resemble a cave so don't be expecting any cool ambiance.  A 4oz piece of fish or chicken is $15-20. Not worth it. Small plates are enough for 1 person. Don't go here hungry.....
5	I would definitely come back here. Service was friendly. View was great. Food was awesome. Pizza, soup, burgers. You know. Nice rounded meal LOL. That's what everyone was raving about though, and we just had to give in. Worth it.
4	We had a friend in town for a convention and all hit up La Cave on a Friday night.  She had an event, so we had an early reservation at 5:30.  No other tables were seated, but a few came in shortly thereafter.  The wine list is solid, but the sommelier was gone for some reason, so after picking our bottle we had to wait at least 10 minutes, which was annoying.  It was a cab, and it was at perfect temperature.  You will spend on bottles here, but they had a few selections by the glass as well.We shared a bunch of the small plates:  bacon wrapped dates, the steak/onion/blue cheese flatbread, gorgonzola salad, meatballs with polenta (a special), a charcuterie plate, and diver sea scallops.  The charcuterie was $33 for 6 choices, 3 cheese and 3 meat.  You get a LOT of food with this, so while the price tag may seem high, it's certainly worth it.  Excellent quality, and they come with a nice spread and many crustinis.  The menu is not enormous, but what they make, they make well.  I prefer that to having dozens of options that are all average or worse...The flatbread was also large, with 8 good-sized pieces.  The dates only come 4 to an order, and they are delicious.  The bacon crisps up nicely, but didn't get burned.  They are served with a blue cheese sauce that could have a little more blue flavor for me, but it was a nice sauce nonetheless.  The salad was a slight miss for me if any dish was.  But, overall, a fantastic meal, and we certainly had enough to eat.  It's a cool atmosphere, pretty dark in the evening, but a nice place.  I will return.
4	My friends and I actually like this place.  Not a huge fan of the Wynn since everything is over priced. But this restaurant isn't as high as the others.  The food and drinks were pretty good.  We had this flatbread pizza with blue cheese and sirloin. Ordered it just because it smelled good when being served next to us.  The staff and outside seating is definitely a plus. Super nosey inside especially with one tv for sports games. But I would come back just for the flatbread
1	Came here for a Sunday brunch on Father's Day. The place was nearly empty! It should have flagged us to back out immediately and I regretted so much afterward that we didn't! They charged $48/person for brunch but serving mediocre food like tater tots, scrambled eggs (I can get these for much cheaper at a fast food place), chicken wings, pancakes (which, btw, tastes much worse than my homemade ones), mixed fruit salad, bacons.... I mean, we paid over $100 for two for this kind of food was such a joke!!! To top it off, the server also dropped the food on me! That brunch totally ruined our entire day which btw not only Father's Day, but also our Anniversary! Never again we will waste our money like this at a place like that. Should have gone to the buffet instead! Don't go there, save your money for the slot machine!
5	A stunning restaurant. Period It is a Tapas restaurant but offers so much more. The decor is beautiful and very impressive wine list I recommend the meat / cheese tray and chicken flatbread. Unreal
4	We wanted something to eat, but we were still way too full from a late lunch to handle a lot of food, so we headed for small plates. La Cave to the very delicious, very enjoyable rescue!As many reviewers have already noted, these are "small plates," not Spanish tapas. However, if you enjoy delicious food, you'll be alright.They had an entire vegan option menu, which we ended up ordering from exclusively after some debate about whether or not to diversify. We got the three bean salad, the eggplant caponata, and the mushroom tortellini. The sommelier, a really fun and knowledgeable woman with whom it was a pleasure to speak, steered us to an unusual Trousseau Gris from the Russian River that was unique and very good. It paired very nicely with everything, but it really shined with the tortellini.The three bean salad was AMAZING. It's green beans (haricot vert if that's your thing), white beans, and roasted chickpeas, along with roasted artichoke hearts, some seasoning, and an ice wine vinaigrette. The artichoke hearts were phenomenal. They were tender, cooked perfectly, and so flavorful. I could have eaten a plate of those and been happy.The mushroom tortellini, in a cashew cream sauce, had amazing rich flavors and textures. The pasta was ever so slightly over-cooked, but that was easily overshadowed for me by how delicious the dish was. I think this was my favorite dish of the night.The eggplant caponata was good, but the spices in it clashed with our other two dishes. It was also cold, but the eggplant was warm, so it was a little bit confusing in my mouth. It was, nonetheless, enjoyable--it's just that with standout dishes like the previous two, this had a lot to live up to.The staff was universally pleasant and on top of their game. They were genuinely enjoyable to interact with and had great suggestions and thoughts for us. However, a word of warning: they recommend two small plates per person, but we were not that hungry, so we went with three for the two of us. We had PLENTY of food. Unless you have a huge stomach/appetite, I suggest sticking to 1.5 per person if you don't want to leave uncomfortably full.Overall, I really enjoyed the experience thoroughly. I would love to come back to delve further into their impressive wine list.
4	Here's a review that's long overdue. I dined at La Cave at the Wynn a couple months back for Father's Day. Their weekend brunch is an all you can eat feast served butler style -- meaning the servers walk around with trays of food and you pick what you want, like a dim sum place. It is more expensive than the buffet ($48 for adults and $28 for kids under 12) and a less diverse selection, but the quality of food is probably better and (for all you lazy people out there) you never have to leave your seat while dining. For an extra $20 you can get all you can drink bloody mary's, mojitos, and caipirinhas.Dishes that were served included:Pork ribs - meaty, tender, with a little heat from the sauce.Sliders - the beef patties were well seasoned and juicy and the bun was soft and slightly chewy.Pancakes - small portions are perfect for sampling. The light texture of the batter worked well with the raspberry compote.Cornmeal crusted French toast - the crunchy exterior and light fluffy interior made for a delicious combo.Jamaican jerk chicken - the thick, crunchy exterior was exploding with flavor and gave way to the tender, juicy meat underneath. It was one of the best dishes of the day.Egg with a veal hash - a large portion that was plenty for two to share that was served in a cute little cast iron dish. The meat was oily but the amazing potatoes and mushrooms made up for it.Caprese salad - the slices of tomato could have been thinner. It was decent overall, but nothing too special. Yogurt parfait - I didn't try it but we did get some fresh berries that were delicious.Steak and egg benedict - the steak was ok and the muffin was stiff, thick and chewy. The egg was overcooked but the hollandaise was perfectly balanced between the egginess and butteriness of it.Cup of bacon - it was nothing fancy, just a white cup with bacon, but it was delicious. You can't go wrong with crispy bacon.Asparagus - another dish I didn't try but it did look good. I didn't want to ruin my meal with too many vegetables.Mushrooms and grits - i enjoyed the creamy texture of the grits and liked the toothsome bit of the mushrooms, but there was way too much truffle aioli.Tater tots - not sure if these were made in house or frozen, but they weren't bad. By the time this dish came around I was so full I could only have one or two.Flatbread - pretty good, the crust was slightly crunchy yet chewy.To finish the meal they brought out a couple plates of chocolate chip cookies, oatmeal and golden raisin cookies, and chocolate raspberry brownies. I was stuffed but had to try one of each. The chocolate chip cookies were great -- chewy and warm, the oatmeal cookies were ok, and the brownies were excellent -- fudgy, dense, and moist.The mojitos were good but could have used more mint and the caipirinhas were strong with just enough sweetness to them.It was an excellent way to spend Father's day and a great alternative to the madhouse that is the buffet. The relaxed and intimate setting on the patio is the way to go if you want to stuff yourself silly without having to move. And after you're done you probably will (like me) have some difficulty getting your fat ass off your seat.
5	This was the second time we have eaten at La Cave and it was just as wonderful as the previous visit. Food was delicious, wine flight very tasty and went well with the meal and the portions were perfect for sharing. We will be back whenever we visit Vegas. Oh, and the staff were great. The only drawback was the techno music. How about something a bit less jarring?
4	La Cave is a nice hidden gem (at least the entrance is) not far from The Buffet. When the line for the Buffet is easily over an hour long or you don't feel like paying the extra $12 for the VIP line, consider coming to La Cave to enjoy a meal. Tapas-style portion sizes means you can order a bunch and share it amongst the table.If you're looking for a cozy brunch, La Cave offers an AYCE served-tableside brunch option. Think of those Brazilian churrascarias, but instead of coming by with skewers of meat, they come by with trays of yummy breakfast items including but not limited to berry crepes, french toast sticks, jerk chicken wings, pancakes, sausages, grits, tater tots, and CUPS of bacon. Yes, that's right. You can have CUPS of bacon at your table. Oh, and short ribs (of all things??)If you can score a seat on the patio, you'll have a nice view of the guest pool, and if you happen to be at the edge of the seating area, you'll catch a nice balanced draft of A/C and desert air.
4	La Cave is one of my favorite spots when in Vegas. Atmosphere rocks (consider asking to sit outside if you can bear the nighttime heat) and food is delicious. We ordered the onion soup which was excellently prepared, along with the salmon sashimi crackers, gorgonzola salad and grilled salmon. Salmon sashimi was the only one that was not outstanding; it was fun but not amazing and a bit pricey for what you got. I ordered the La Cave pale ale which did not disappoint. I also find that the price-value is good here in comparison to all the other overpriced restaurants on the strip. For three drinks and four dishes, we got out for under $100. Service is a little uneven but they are very nice and that makes up for a slightly awkward server set up. Would highly recommend this to anyone staying near the Wynn.
5	Have you heard of a gourmet buffet?  I hadn't either till we came here on Sunday during our stay at the Wynn.  It's not cheap and you don't get up to fill up your plate.  The waiters walk around with what ever they create fresh in the kitchen and offer you small plates.  You can decline or take what ever you like as it comes.  Everything we had was perfection.  From the crepes to the sausage, it was pure perfection.  Although more people were seating outside, we wanted to be inside (cooler, darker and more quiet).  As with any Wynn Resort Restaurant, La Cave doesn't skimp on quality. The food and drinks were delicious!  The staff were pleasant and very helpful.All I can say is, I can't wait to be back!  Yes, it's that GOOD!
5	We celebrated my husband's birthday with about 24 of our friends last Friday.  We originally reserved the patio area but realized that it was completely outside not indoor/outdoor like the picture on the website.  We explained our confusion to the manager and he accommodated us by seating us inside the garden room.  It was quite the ordeal to move all of us inside and re-arrange several other parties to make room for us.  The service was superb and the food was absolutely amazing.  There were a number of people that are foodies in our group and everyone of them gave the place a thumbs up.  I would highly recommend this place and would definitely come back again.Thanks so much for the service crew working Friday night.  You made our event very memorable and special!
4	Snapper ceviche and crab lettuce cups were my favorites - both very good and something I would come back for. I've had ceviche a thousand times (well, maybe not that much but you get my drift). Theirs is different - flavorful and not overwhelming with citrus. Also had the beef filet flatbread and scallops with polenta cake, which were also good.The best part was dessert. We had the s'mores flatbread and beignets (which come with 3 dipping sauces). Flatbread was good, but the beignets were AWESOME!Plates are small but the price is a bit high, compared to what you'd expect at a "tapas" restaurant. Average plate price is $15 and you'd want to order 2-3 plates per person if you're having dinner. However, the quality here is heads above your typical tapas place.
4	My boyfriend and I really enjoyed La Cave.  We ordered a nice variety of items, including a super tasty charcuterie board (only $33 for 3 meats and 3 cheeses!).  Other items included:*Bacon wrapped dates- YUM YUM YUM! The blue cheese dipping sauce was a great compliment.*Filet Crostinis-  Very tasty and generous portions*Cheeseburger sliders- Pretty normal, but good nonetheless.*Carpaccio- A little too salty for my taste bud.*Did a red wine flight- all three were delicious!
2	We were staying at the Wynn and looking for a place to eat before our show--not too fancy, not too expensive, but also not a burger and fries. This place got good reviews and looked nice, so we thought it would be a winner. Honestly the food wasn't bad--but for the price, it just wasn't all that. The only dish that was really pretty awesome was the snapper ceviche--flavor and texture were both good, and we liked the little fried lotus chips that came with it. The flatbread with steak and mushrooms wasn't bad, but it wasn't amazing, and again, for the $16 or so it cost, I would have wanted to be wowed a little more. My husband had asparagus with jamon serrano and a poached egg; he was underwhelmed. The ham was so crispy it was more like bacon than prosciutto...again, edible, but way overpriced. The waitress forgot to put in our order for chocolate risotto, then did; the taste wasn't bad but the texture was a little mushy and the portion was tiny. I had a glass of wine, which was a little too warm and the bottle had obviously been opened at least a day or two before. Not so bad I couldn't drink it--I did--but at $15/glass, I think they could have tried a little harder. I know $15/glass is standard in Vegas, but that bottle wasn't worth more than $15; the least they could have done was serve it at the correct temperature.For 3 tapas dishes, 1 dessert, 1 beer and 1 glass of wine (low-end wine, mind you) the check was $84 plus tip. OK, not the most expensive place in the resort or on the Strip, but it was pricey, underwhelming and my husband left hungry. They should either lower the prices, beef up the portions, make more amazing food or all of the above.
4	Delicious, creative dishes in a gorgeous space tucked inside the Wynn.The best part about coming with a big group (we had 8) is being able to basically sample the whole menu...which we pretty much did. That being said, La Cave is a place that I like to classify as a great "girls night" restaurant because the tapas sized portions don't really compare to a good ol' steak and eggs at Buffalo Bills; unless you're willing to drop $70+ on food per person (not including drinks), you probably won't leave full.  Expect to order at least 2 of every dish if you have a party of more than 5.The food was excellent overall. Some of my favourites were the bacon, egg, and fontina flatbread, the diver sea scallops, and the short rib cavatelli (which in a twisted way tasted like Chef Boyardee's beefaroni, but in the best way possible). Another big hit was the beignets, or more specifically, the creme anglaise that came with it....long after the beignets were gone, we were still scraping up the creme anglaise. Some "meh" dishes were the shrimp with piquillo peppers, the jumbo crab lettuce cups, and the bacon wrapped dates, but I only say they're "meh" because they didn't do these dishes any better than anywhere else that serves them. Because the menu is extensive and the portions small, your best bet would be to ask the waiter for his/her recommendations and take it from there. Hopefully, your waiter will be a bit more opinionated than ours (when we asked her for recommendations, she waffled on every suggestion so I ended up taking the reins and ordering everything myself).
5	They have the best pizza I've ever had in my life.  Please come here and try the pizza (flatbread).
3	Rounded up from 2 1/2*Nice atmosphere/design--feels like a Spanish cava cellar--and attentive service.But, the mixed green and shaved goat cheese salad is one of the most horrific salads I've ever had--bitter, unbalanced and possibly not-so-fresh greens.The glass of pinot grigio was decent, and people seemed to be enjoying food other than the offending salad.
3	Well lets just start with the Host station, the women who checked us in very snobbish, the girl who took us to our table, Alexis she was quite nice, conversational~    Our server, Perry.....must  have just been promoted from the buffet. Quite incredibly inept!!!! Spoke down whenever a question was asked. When explaining the chocolate risotto ~ do you know what risotto is???? Ok it's like that with pistachios, sweet and savory~ REALLY???? He constantly reached across the table, just really not what was expected from the Wynn.    The food was good, but this is a VERY LOUD bar/restaurant so don't go if you want to chat,   Our food runner Ralph, very good, polite, explained what was on each plate without making us feel like he was rushed~ the other food runner, a blond kid also just promoted from the buffet. Walked/ cut us off in front entering the restaurant!!!    Again NOT WAS WAS EXPECTED FROM STEVE WYNN ~
4	Fantastic ambiance -- the indoors feels like you're dining in a wine cellar, and the outdoor patio overlooks the pool area, which at night is lit up very pleasingly. I sat in the middle -- a sort of open-air dining room with the best of both. Nice!The food is great, but expensive. We had roasted beets with goat cheese, quail's egg pizza, some kind of steak and mushroom dish and a sort of deconstructed Caprese salad. The salad was really small and weird, but everything else was great!The clientele is a mix of upscale one-percenter hipsters and upscale one-percenter thirtysomethings. Some kind of pleasing background music played; it was either jazz or some kind of loungey electronic stuff. The fact that I can't remember means it was played at exactly the right volume!Overall, recommended!
5	One of the best tapas places I've been. The food was amazing, and the place is very nice and trendy.
4	Mushroom grits!!  I would have licked the serving dish if I though I could get away with it. Tapas style dining- it can get pricey. Nice for a quite bite and a drink
5	Was in town for a conference and one of the companies I do business with invited us to a private event here.  We were in the back bar area and the patio out back.  This place is awesome for hosting parties.  The staff greets you as you walk in and immediately offers you a glass of Wine or Beer.  Hors d'oeuvres were passed by servers.  I had the Kobe Sliders and Flatbread....they were awesome.  The Wine was very good too.  On the patio there are very comfortable chairs and sofas.  They even have a couple of those chairs that hang from ropes....very fun to sit in and have a couple of glasses of Wine.Cigar smoking was allowed on the back patio....a few people took advantage of it and the awesome weather we had that night.Overall, I was very impressed with this restaurant and their staff.  I want to come back and have dinner.  Their service is definitely 5 Stars and the food is a solid 4-4.5 Stars.Return Factor - 90%
4	Great place to dine while dressed in style, at the Wynn, yet not too painful for your wallet. Yes, the portions may be small for hungry Y chromosomes, but it was perfect for a group of ladies hungry for food after watching a Cirque de Solei performance. The waitress recommended us ordering 2 dishes per person, but we found that one dish per person was more than plenty. However, you have to try their drinks! I ordered Yuca Java? (contained jalapenos) - it gives you that perfect kick of spiciness just to make your mouth tingle. giggle giggle. Everything on their menu is delicious - but I ordered the Chef's special flatbread and it was delicious and filling! Can easily be an appetizer to serve 4 people.
4	Through weeks of prior planning, I was able to booked a surprise birthday brunch for my dear friend and 8 other people while visiting Vegas for a wedding.  The venues and space was perfect!  I made reservations via OpenTable through yelp which was very quick and efficient.  The hostess and staff at La Cave were awesome.  Upon arrive with the birthday girl, the hostess led our "table of 2" to the back patio where all our friends were waiting for the big surprise.  The patio area was beautiful and I adored the two hanging chairs next to our table.  The relaxed atmosphere and friendly staff made our experience quite enjoyable.  For the food we decided to all order tapas style and share amongst each other.  We considered partaking in the chef's tasting, but one person in the group was not that hungry.  We ordered:- bacon wrapped dates with blue cheese fondue- salt roasted beets with whipped goat cheese and pistachios- beef carpaccio with truffle aioli- beef filet, caramelized onion, mushroom, and blue cheese flatbread.   - angus mini burgers with a side of beer battered fries- diver sea scallops on top of polentaMy favorite dishes would have to be the beef carpaccio and beef filet flatbread.  I loved the texture of the flatbread...slightly chewy on the inside, crisp on the edges.  My biggest disappointment was the bacon wrapped dates.  I raved to my friends about how good they are, but the fondue sauce was a big letdown for me.  I prefer to have my dates stuffed so the cheese oozes out, perfectly mixing the sweet and savory flavors.  Overall, great place and will definitely have to come back in the evening for a romantic dinner with the bf.
5	La Cave can be loud n crowded especially if younare seated in the cellar area. However, while the menu may not be extensive, this may be the best tapas/small plates restaurant in town. Portions were significantly larger than what we had at Julian Serrano the night before.  The salads were excellent, with perfect amount of tossed dressing. The flatbreads here are tops in town besting those at Olives.  The cavatelli pasta with short rib was amaZing,  maybe best pasta I've ever had anywhere. That good. But the real star is the Smores flatbread dessert. Un effen real. Cocktails were solid and cappuccinos were served piping hot. This places delivers a lively atmosphere and phenomenal food. We ll be back.
5	Excellent food, thanks to yelp for finding this.  BTW, please follow everyone's recommendations before ordering.  The salt-roasted beets and beef filet flatbread were recommended, we tried them and were impressed.  We ventured on our own and ordered the shrimp with fingerling potatoes and it was over-powered with vinegar, so it was just marginal.
5	One of the best spots in Vegas. ALWAYS a GREAT vibe.  Sommelier Chloe is one of the best in town and has an eye for obscure wines. EVERYTHING is incredible. Must haves - crab lettuce cups, salmon ceviche, chorizo flatbread, lamb chops, grits (one of the best things on the menu) beets. If you don't like beets or grits , order them anyway-guaranteed you will love them. Save room for the smores flatbread. Best dessert ever.
5	Debated 4 and 5 stars on this place as the context of Vegas makes it hard. Anywhere else, a solid 4, in Vegas, it gets a big 5. Inside the Wynn casino, La Cave is american small plates served tapas style with a very comprehensive wine list. There are a range of small dishes which are actually pretty big and some interesting and thoughtful wine flights which are fun. The atmosphere is dark and very lively. It is an excellent place to go to get the party started if you are going out. A little high on the bachelorette party quotient for me but that is Vegas generally. We started with the Italian flight which was excellent and ordered a bottle of Prosecco for later. The food started coming out fast with the first being the salted beets with goat cheese and mushroom grits. This was actually the first time that I have ever had beets so they were good? My husband enjoyed them so I am assuming they were. I ultimately discovered that beets aren't for me. I do however fancy myself as a bit of a grits connoisseur and the grits at La Cave were excellent.Our shrimp and flat bread came next and were also excellent. The flat bread was sirloin, blue cheese, caramelized onions, and mushrooms. In all seriousness, with ingredients like those, you would need to try to make it bad. The shrimp was in a pepper sauce and actually went nicely with the grits as a pleasant surprise. Price wise, it was very fair especially for being in the Wynn so if you are looking for small plates, this is the place. As a side note, Steve Wynn is a vegan and as a result they have a vegan menu which is really nice in the land of steak houses.
4	This was our only dinner in Vegas that I didn't meticulously research ahead of time, and it turned out to be fantastic.La Cave is a sexy dark little restaurant in the Wynn Hotel, specializing in small plates and wine. We were seated immediately despite lacking a reservation. Unfortunately, given the theme of the restaurant, I was very much not in a wine mood and so opted for a cocktail instead. That said, La Cave offered several different wine flights as well as an extensive menu of by-the-glass or bottles. If I went back I'd be interested to try a flight as they seemed to have interesting themes.The food was excellent. We shared four dishes: The shrimp with piquillo peppers and potatoes, a three sausage flatbread, the beef sliders, and pasta with short rib and Brussels sprouts. All four dishes were delicious, but the shrimp was far and away the best one. The shrimp were perfectly cooked and the seasonings in the dish were just delicious. We fought over the dregs of the sauce. The pasta came in a close second place. The sausage flatbread was surprisingly spicy, so be forewarned if you're heat-phobic. Four dishes turned out to be plenty for the two of us to share, with a small amount of leftovers.My only reason for not giving La Cave five stars is that the service was very slow, particularly at the start of dinner. We waited quite a while to give drink orders and again to order food. Once the food order was placed, service picked up, as each dish is sent from the kitchen as it's ready. Honestly, the service would not stop me from coming back--it wasn't bad, just slow--but I feel like it kept our experience at La Cave from being "as good as it gets."Recommended.
4	Super cute restaurant that very much embodies the 'cave' vibe.  I enjoyed many of the little plates, especially the charcuterie and the beef carpaccio.  Our server was very friendly, but he did bum me out a bit by taking forever to get our wine to us.  I did want to enjoy some of the meat and cheese with the wine we knew would complement it.  A bit more conscientiousness on the part of the wine service could go a long, long way. Go with a few people and try 5 or 6 dishes; you'll enjoy yourself for sure!
5	The Sunday brunch is . It's served butler style (they bring the plates to the table). All the plates are absolutely delicious. They have bottomless drinks for an extra $20. It's a great deal and different experience compared to other buffets. It's for sure worth  a try.
4	We can here as a group of 8 and got an amazing table in the back room and the services was spectacular. What surprised me the most are the totally fair portion sizes - we followed the 2 per person and everyone was stuffed (with a few plates leftover). The items that really stood out:- Thai basil chicken flatbread: We ordered three varieties of flatbreads and this was one immediately consumed.- Three bean salad: delicious- Ahi tuna: amazing- Onion soup: while Delicious, definitely not a sharing dish.- Sirloin steak: tasty- Shrimp: tasty- Steak fillet: tasty- Mini burgers: tasty(pretty much all the red meat delicious were yummy)Other items ordered:- Snapper ceviche: was just meh - Bacon flatbread: I know this is going to sound crazy but way too bacon-y (it's possible)- Salmon sashimi: was good but nothing we'd order againI would definitely come back and would recommend this place to others. Perfect for groups or a romantic date.
5	Very cozy little hide out perfect to chill with a glass of wine!
4	The only reason I'm giving this place 4 stars and not 5 is that the wine list is kind of sorry--I don't think there is a single glass under $18-20. I ended up ordering a half bottle for $52 because hay, it was Thanksgiving and that's just how I roll on a holiday. I'd rather have a nice half bottle of wine than a piddly little glass for more expensive per volume, amirite?ANYWAY the rest of the menu is great. My friend got the Thanksgiving prix fix menu, which was really quite good. The pumpkin pie was outstanding--those Wynn pastry chefs really know what they are doing! Can I talk for a second about charcuterie? Like, how it's one of my favorite things in the absolute world? Charcuterie plates for a steal of $33--3 meats, 3 cheeses. Super HQ and devourable. My flatbread was awesome--truffle, beef, mushrooms, onions. ALL THE THINGS THAT I LOVE. My other friend got the thai flatbread which was also awesome. The flatbreads we just turned into entrees, not so much tapas, but I could see how you could do that.The inside is dark and the bathrooms are out in the hallway. Genevieve was a bomb server, too!
1	Got sick after eating there. Wife and I had same food throughout day only difference was she had a salad there and I didn't. She got very sick. And she never gets sick like that.  Was staying at encore. Called restaurant to report it and didn't get call back. I left message. They couldn't be bothered I guess. The rest of the food was good though. Good luck there.
4	La Cave is perfect for a date night. Dark and    intimate, this place is great to get out hectic Vegas for a bit. We were celebrating my mom"a birthday so obviously a lot of romance was lost but between the food and quality service we all had a great time. Two must gets are the charcuterie board and the beef carpaccio. The charcuterie was perfect with the wine and high quality all the way. The beef carpaccio with arugula and truffle aioli was one of my favorite dishes anywhere. My mom got most of it but hey, it was birthday and it just gives us an excuse to return. Even though it was in the reservation my mom did not end getting a b-day dessert but that was the only disappointment of the night.
5	I recently celebrated my birthday at La Cave and was very impressed. The restaurant is absolutely beautiful. As the name suggests, they have a dim "hide away" vibe that projects an understated and intimate elegance. Our server was great - very attentive and polite. He knew the menu well and was able to make great recommendations. The food at La Cave is easily some of the best in town. My party of three shared four dishes (tapas style) and they were all excellent. We had a field greens salad with champagne vinaigrette, tomato and mozzarella flatbread with capers, roasted salmon with green beans, and a chicken pesto pasta. Throughout the meal, we literally couldn't stop talking about how great everything was. For a nice restaurant on the strip, the prices were quite reasonable. For the four dishes and a glass of wine each, it came out to about $45/person including tip.
5	Visit this place. One of the best places I have been recently to. Great ambiance. Crowd is mostly couples in various ages. Nice lounge/chill music playing. One third of the restaurant has patio seating. Reserve in advance if you want those particular tables. Inside and close to patio tables are amazing too.Prices are fare. Usually one needs two things. Example:.salad $10 and flat bread (pizza) $15. Or just get one if not hungry and you just want something to compliment the drinks.Plenty of bottled and draft beer selection. $8 to $12.They also have good espresso, cappuccino, etc. Great to recharge before continuing the night at top night club/lounge as XS, located at the same resort property Wynn/encore.In short place appears to be very romantic and I am sure ladies will like it. Mature, yet trendy crowd. No running around kids and strollers.Service was attentive and perfect. La cave is easy to be overlooked, but it is definitely worth it and one of the best restaurants at Wynn property that does not brake the bank.
4	This hidden gem at the Wynn is great!!   Very tasty small plates and a great selection of wine and beer!   Perfect for a light snack or lunch exploring some different flavors!!   It is poolside at the Wynn and feature open air or even outside patio dining!
5	Me and hubby decided to have a drink, sitting outside overlooking the pool. Ended up ordering a salad, filet and a lamb pasta dish. All were excellent and we enjoyed this place which we almost walked right by. It's a must do and we can't wait to go back.
5	The chef really takes pride of the food he prepares. Very delicious. The vegan menu at this restaurant is great! The creamy mushroom tortellini pasta and the Vegan chick'n gardein was delectable.This restaurant has a very romantic feeling to it. It's perfect for couples. (but not necessarily)If you have a significant other, I highly recommend you bring him or her to this restaurant for an intimate evening and delicious food.The service here is first class.
4	Really loved this place! I love tapas style eating because you get a chance to try more than one thing. Went here on a Thursday night while in Vegas and we really fell in love with the cool decor. The wait staff was very friendly as well.We started off with some apps...Chorizo and sausage flatbread: Delicious!Filet and blue cheese flatbread: Also deliciousThai-Basil chicken flatbread: Great but not if you don't like sweet and spicy together- as one in our party mentioned.Salmon sashimi tostada: Very goodFor our "main course" we got the Angus mini burgers, beef filet with blue cheese crostini and the sea scallops. All were fantastic with the scallops being the favorite. Definately will be going back to La Cave!
5	We get to Vegas about twice a year and we always try to go to someplace new for dinner. However... This week was at least our 4th visit to La Cave. The food is delicious, the ambiance wonderful, service excellent and friendly. Big bonus the wine list is fun, intriguing and exciting. This trip was no different. Thank you for yet another great meal!
3	Smells good when you walk in.  I was told the patio seating is nice in the summer time. This evening was gloomy.  The hostess was nice.  We did not see a server for a while longer than I would expect.  Once she did come she have great suggestions for the meat and cheese board.  I ordered a German Riesling. It was a great pick if you like sweet white wine!  Our orders came in timely.  The beef carpaccio was very good.  I love truffle oil. This beef was server rolled in 4 pieces. Very small and light.  We shared but I could have had one order to myself. The cheese board was large. A generous helping of meat... Salami, prosciutto, and a spicier meat.  The truffle cheese, Gouda, and third cheese we had her choose for us seemed so small in comparison to the meat.  Toasted bread and cranberry sauce also complimented the board. Everything turned out to be more than enough for the three of us. We took an hour to eat our appetizers as we were waiting for Allegro to open. The server had not tended to out table since the food had arrived.  After the hour passed we had to wave her down.  As I was taking my last sip of wine she asked me how I liked what I had chosen.  What we are was good.  For the type of restaurant it was, I definitely  expected better service.
3	My girlfriends and I were seeking a place for a lite dinner after gorging on a buffet earlier in the day. La Cave seemed to fit the bill as it is a cute little tapas place, in the Wynn, where we had just attended a show. As we did not have a reservation, we waited about ten minutes before we were seated.I ordered the salt roasted beets, with whipped goat cheese and pistachio, which was delicious, and the potatoes, which never arrived. One of my girlfriends ordered the Chorizo, Italian & Andouille Sausage Flatbread, and luckily, she did not finish it, so I filled up the empty place in my tummy that was craving potatoes with the tasty flatbread.We had a few drinks and enjoyed the dark atmosphere, service was a-ok.
4	We went to La Cave for a fancier meal and were drawn to it because of their vegan menu. Our carnivores sampled the duck ravioli, ahi tuna, and bacon fontina and quail egg pizza. I had the vegan salted beets, artichoke flatbread, and tortellini. Everything was very tasty but nothing so greatly overwhelming that we would crave it later. The two standouts from the meal were the MOA Breakfast Ale and the chocolate marscapone cake with caramel sauce. Now, when we say that this cake was the best thing we have EVER eaten, as far as desserts go, we are NOT kidding. Seriously. Drop everything and go get this cake. For dinner. Now. Just go. Cancel everything else.
5	Amazing food. Excellent wine. Very pleasant staff and atmosphere. The Grits is a must try!
4	Looked toYelp for a spot to grab an elegant and affordable meal. All the positive reviews of this place are spot on. Beautiful patio seating overlooking the pool (inside is very accurate to the name. It is dark and feels like a wine cellar), the food is fantastic and prices are very reasonable. I shared the beet salad, green bean salad, egg over easy sandwich, and flatbread pizza (don't remember all the formal names) with a gf. Those dishes, combined with a drink for each of us came out to $80. Not bad at all!  We were full with leftovers to spare.  The only reason I am not giving 5 stars us because of the beet dish. It was much too salty!!! We couldn't get past several bites. Make sure to try the strawberry wheat beer. Soooo good.
4	Was staying at the Mirage with some friends and while I like the Mirage as a hotel, the food isn't fantastic, so we wanted to go somewhere a little fancier without breaking the bank before we went out. Because of Yelp reviews, we ended up at La Cave. We got right in at around 8 pm on a Saturday night. A lot of the dishes are tapas style, so we each got a small salad and a few things to share. I got the gorgonzola salad and it was AWESOME. The cheese combined with prosciutto was fantastic! I thought it was going to be super small but it was a pretty decent size. We got a couple flatbreads to share - the tomato, mozz and caper and the artichoke, roasted pepper and olives. I wouldn't LOVED the tomato and mozz but the capers kind of threw it off for me. The drinks are also pretty yummy. Four of us probably spent $40 bucks each, which for a trendier place in Vegas is pretty darn good. Would definitely come back.
2	Went here for their valentines day menu. Overall the food was not bad, a couple very good, a couple very average items. The wine pairing with it was terrible! I have had better bottles of Barefoot than what they paired. Also for $50 a person plus $25 for wine pairing, I expect to get more than 6 total ounces of food. I understand its a small plate restaurant but at that price I shouldnt have to stop by In N Out on the way home and get a full meal for my girl and I....which we had to do!! Very unimpressed with a hotel that usually does things right. Staff was nice for the most part but again, not excellent which is what I would expect at a $75 a person dinner.
5	After searching Yelp for quite some time, my mom and I landed our sights on La Cave. At first, they tried to seat us right by the kitchen/pizza oven but we quickly asked to me moved with no argument from the friendly hostesses. We sat close to the bar and were able to peak into the enclosed patio area.The atmosphere was dark and sultry with music playing loud enough to sing along during a pause in conversation. We both needed a minute to decide on which wine flight to order and the waiter was gracious enough to invite the Somm over for some suggestions. The Somm was really nice and friendly. Not pompous and arrogant as others I have met in the past. I asked for a specific wine to pair with the chocolate cake and they did not have it. He was gracious enough to talk to the wine director to find something to fit my fancy. And it did!It was recommended to order 2 plates per person and it was right on! We started off with the mixed greens salad. Moved onto the warm beets where my mom was oooooing and ahhhhing after every bite. I had never had beets before and I even liked them. For our third plate we went with the Veal short rib pasta. The portion was generous and I would have been fine eating that alone. It was warm and delicious. Total comfort food. For our last entree we had the beef medallions.  I absolutely HATE bleu cheese and the kitchen had no qualms about substituting mozzarella on my filet instead of the bleu. Of course we had to order the cake as well and it was a nice way to end the night. As we chatted with the somm, I mentioned that we were celebrating a belated birthday for my mom and they brought out a small chocolate mousse with a candle on it for her. With 2 wine flights, 4 plates, one cake and 2 after dinner dessert wines our total was just under two hundred and worth every penny. I would totally visit La Cave again!
5	One of the most enjoyable Sunday Brunches I've had to date. It's advertised as "Butler-Style Brunch" or, American Dim Sum, I was a bit confused by what they meant until it was explained to us. Small plates that are brought around to your table by the servers, and you pick what you want. My previous experience at La Cave was great, the outside patio option, and the view of the pool, plus the food was excellent, made me anxious to come try brunch. A little kink in the service, we did sit for awhile before being offered a drink, after someone had noticed, we were started out with bottomless mimosas ($20 extra on top of cost of brunch) but it did include a variety of drink options if mimosas aren't your thing.  They included; Bloody MaryCaipirinhaMargaritaMojitoSangria (white or red)MimosaI liked that you are able to switch them up.Table side items inlcuded:Heirloom Tomato and Mozzarella SaladChilled Tomato SoupFresh Fruit SaladYogurt Parfait with GranolaCornflake Crusted Brioche French ToastNY Style Egg SandwichScrambled EggsAngus Mini BurgersMushroom GritsBaked Potato Loaded Tater Tots w/ Brown GravyTomato Mozzarella FlatbreadChef's Selection Ham & Egg FlatbreadEggs Benedict with Chorizo, Canadian Bacon or FiletVeal Short Rib HashPancakes with Berry CompoteBacon and Chorizo Sausage CupsEverything we had was really good, but a few really stood out, I'm not a huge french toast lover, but the one served was by far the table favorite. I had 3 servings (don't judge, they're small). The mushroom grits and the Eggs Benedict Filet, oh and the Fresh Fruit Salad (sounds boring but it was outstanding) were  my favorites. I'm not sure if it was intentional, but we did wait quite awhile in between servings, not sure if this is to let you rest and digest before the next server comes around with items, but we did have to ask a few times for refills on our drinks and well as food. There seemed to be plenty of staff. Service wasn't bad enough to knock a star off, we really did enjoy our food. Already making plans to come back.
1	Not the experience we were looking for.  I have had this on my list of places to check out in Vegas for a couple of years.  Certainly didn't expect Sports to be blaring on multiple TVs in every room.  It was so noisy in there, we left after our appetizer.
4	I guess the prices are what they are because it's at the Wynn? The food was good, but a little overpriced IMO, even for tapas. It was $13 for 4 small bacon-wrapped dates. The rest of what we ordered was pretty good and fairly priced. The pesto pasta was delicious! The flatbread was filling and definitely tasty. I forget the name of the one we got, but it had artichokes and ricotta cheese...yummm!! I would definitely go back for the flatbread!
2	My wife and I decided to try La Cave for a belated birthday dinner celebration after reading the rave reviews on yelp and other sites.  We are longtime Vegas vacationers who love staying at the Wynn because we appreciate their high standards, quality amenities and top-notch service, and love to frequent their excellent restaurants.  It started out fairly well--the greeters at the door welcomed us and seated us quickly, and our server came and took our drink order.  All of the restaurant staff was impeccably attired and gave me the feeling that this was going to be a good evening.  While walking to our table, we noticed that most of the employees were busy chatting away with each other instead of working or doting of their customers, and most of them avoided eye contact or any kind of acknowledgement of us--yes, we WERE properly attired.  The restaurant was very stylish and clean, and our table for two was set very romantically and the ambient lighting was perfect.  However, the huge flatscreen TV on the wall blaring out a March Madness college basketball game was confusing and somewhat of an eye (and ear) sore, since we wanted to dine in a cozy, romantic restaurant--not a sports bar.  Our drinks were came quickly and were really good--I had the Rince Cochon, a strong Belgian ale, while my wife had a glass of Eckstein Riesling.  Our server asked if we were ready to order, but we were unfamiliar with their offerings and requested a little more time.  Well, I finished over half of my beer by the time she finally reappeared to take our food order.  We had a small order since we needed to get to a show after dinner, so we ordered the jumbo lump crab lettuce cups, warm salt-roasted beets, chicken flatbread and the beef filet.  The crab lettuce cups came out first--full of succulent lump crabmeat, topped with small wedges of mandarin orange and pink grapefruit--very tasty and refreshing!  Next, the chicken flatbread and beef filet--the flatbread was very generous and filling, the exotic seasonings and hearty portion of chicken made it most delicious and a worthwhile experience, while the beef filet was savory and rich, sitting on crostini soaked with those delicious beef juices, topped with blue cheese and cooked to a perfect medium.  After we finished the three dishes and our drinks, we patiently waited for another 10 minutes before our server showed up and asked if we were ready for dessert.  I quietly mentioned to her that she forgot the roasted beets, so she said she would check on them.  Wait 5 more minutes, then she comes back and says she forgot the beets but if I still wanted them "the guys could throw them on the grill"--what?!  I was still hungry (these ARE small plates, after all) so I said I did want them.  Another 10+ minutes later, the beets finally show up, but it is kinda sad sitting and eating beets with nothing else to munch on with it. So I quickly ate most of the beets and asked for the check, since we still had a show to attend and our discombobulated meal took over 75 minutes to consume.  To my surprise, I was charged for the beets!  We wanted to speak to a manager about our disappointing experience, but needed to rush out of the restaurant to get to the show at The Orleans in time, which we did with just minutes to spare.  So I would rate La Cave the following:FOOD:  4 stars-excellent quality, but very expensive for small plates.AMBIENCE:  3 stars-nice atmosphere and lighting, staff dressed very well, but sports-bar TV's killed it.PRESENTATION:  4 stars-very professional, clean and stylish.SERVICE:  1 star-extremely disappointing for a Wynn restaurant; too long wait times for food and service followup; felt server wanted to rush us out.To say we were disappointed is an understatement, because the food offerings and the restaurant itself were wonderful.  Hope La Cave can clean up their service issues, because there are a lot of other options, both on- and off-property.
1	I Am a frequent guest at this restaurant but don't think I will come again. Had a reservation at 12:30 today. Was seated at a very small table and asked to be moved to a larger one, hostess stated that's reserved. Asked for another table that was also empty and again she stated that one is also reserved. Two couples came in 2 minutes later and sat at both tables we asked to be moved to. I asked each couple if they had specifically reserved that table and both couples replied no they just sat us here and we didn't ask for anything specific. RUDE! We got up and left and I won't be coming back.
5	The food here was very good. The filet with blue cheese was phenomenal and cooked perfectly. The flatbread was delicious. We had to send back the french onion soup because the pastry was burned, but they took care of it and brought us another that was excellent. I wasn't crazy about the the wine flight we chose...I was expecting better for the price. This was a great place to eat after the show. Enjoy!
5	I've been here for dinner many moons ago and it was a great experience. I went here for brunch for Easter and I'm glad I did. I think I enjoyed their brunch menu more than their dinner menu.For about $50, you can enjoy 16 butler-style table side items and for an additional $20, you get unlimited brunch cocktails (mimosa, sangria, Mojito, margarita, Bloody Mary, and caipiranha). About $30 for kids under 12. Servers with plates/trays of food go around the restaurant. We were sitting in front of the kitchen so, we always got first dibs on everything.Items we got just for the heck of it (non mind-blowing but expectations weren't set high in the first place):Heirloom Tomato and Mozzarella SaladFresh Fruit SaladScrambled EggsAngus Mini BurgerChorizo Sausage CupPancakes with Berry CompoteTomato Mozzarella FlatbreadVeal Short Rib HashWhat we enjoyed and ate the most:Cornflake Crusted Brioche French ToastMushroom Grits (I smelled truffles when the server passed by so, I had to have this!)Baked Potato Loaded Tater Tots with Brown Gravy (do you like Poutine?)Ham and Egg Flatbread (raw quail eggs)Eggs Benedict with Chorizo (one of the best eggs Benedict's I've ever consumed)Eggs Benedict with Filet (you can't go wrong with steak and eggs)This is supposed to be a leisurely dining experience so, if you have to be somewhere at a certain time, go somewhere else. I like my Lazy Sundays so this was an excellent choice. Laidback, no worries...just sit, eat, sip and enjoy life!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! We had a table outside, overlooking the pool on a lovely April evening. Le Cave is Italian-style tapas and a wine bar and it is a great way to eat. We ordered the Steak, mushroom and gorgonzola flatbread to start and it was amazing, so light but full of flavor. I had a salad as well and then we ordered the roasted salmon, delicious. The service was strong, but not overbearing.This is our third visit in the last few years - consistently excellent each time.
5	I've had tapas here before and loved it but I just experienced brunch for the first time. The selections were fantastic and you don't have to stand in line to try things. They actually bring the food to you and you can select what you'd like. They were very accommodating to any changes in the items that you requested. And the price was extremely reasonable for what you got.
5	OH EM GEE!!!!!!  I think this is currently my new favorite restaurant.  You don't hear much about this place but my friend brought me here for an early bday dinner and I loved it so much that for my actual bday dinner when my other girlfriends arrived in town, we came back!  I've had tapas before but this place was one of the best.  The portions are small but that's really what tapas are!  And it allows you the ability to try more and order more!  My favorites would be the carpaccio, the crab cake lettuce cups, the thai chicken flat bread, papardelle pasta, and holy SMORES PIZZA!! Honestly, that smores pizza is one of the best things I have ever eaten. I have no idea what they put in it - crack perhaps? - I could eat ten of those in one sitting, if I knew that it wouldn't all go straight to my butt.  Sooooooo good!  Drinks are a bit pricey.  They offer wine flights, selection of four wines in 2 oz glasses.  That was good, but still pricey.  Sangria was good too but wayyyyyy expensive!
4	So yum...get the beets for sure. They could use a little help with servers...always seems a little short staffed. The patio, food, atmosphere is wonderful!!
2	I have only been here for brunch so I cannot say anything about their dinner service. The hubby and I have been to almost all the brunch places in Las Vegas and wanted to try something new. The for $48 you get served "tapas" style brunch items. For another $20 you can get unlimited mimosas, bloody mary's and a few other brunch type alcoholic drinks. The only thing that stood out for me and that I could have eaten tons of was the mushroom grits. Everything else was just ok. With that being said $48 for mushroom grits is a little too much for my wallet.
5	I came to Vegas for a bachelorette weekend for a close friend and was charged with finding places for our party to eat (perks of being a Yelper!). I had to work with the diets of a couple veggie/vegan friends and that slightly limited my choices of eateries in Sin City. However, googling and Yelping showed that The Wynn's head chef was a converted vegan and many of the hotel's restaurants had vegan choices...yay! Vegan/veggie menu? check.Classy venue? check.Cocktails, beer, and/or wine to start off our bachelorette party right? check!The ATMOSPHERE in here is a combination of a classy restaurant/lounge -- there are traditional tables to sit at along with comfy couches/benches too. Instead of huge bay windows, the wall just opened up on one side of the restaurant and we got a wonderful view of the High Roller Ferris Wheel throughout our meal. Onto the FOOD! Even though this is considered a "tapas" restaurant, I thought their portions were much larger than traditional tapas. I got the chicken thai flatbread and it had the most amazing spicy chili sauce on top. It was also very filling! Upon request, they offered a separate vegan/veggie menu and my friends all enjoyed the mushroom ravioli.For the DRINKS...They had many beers on tap and a large selection of wine. There is also a full bar for cocktails. I ordered a SANGRIA and it came in the largest glass ever...it was like half a fish bowl! I loved the fresh berries and apples in my drink. The SERVICE was very accommodating here. I was able to make a RESERVATION via Opentable and they even called me the day of to confirm our spot. I really appreciate restaurants checking in because I hate having my party wait upon arrival while they get our table ready. We were running a bit late due to traffic on The Strip, but they still held our table for us 30 minutes after our reservation time. If you're ever in need of a classy restaurant with a diverse menu (especially for vegetarian and vegan eaters), I highly recommend La Cave at The Wynn!
3	All in all the dinner we had was lovely, it's just I live in San Francisco and could get everything on the menu for half of the cost. Hence, the three stars. If you are coming from a place where you don't get to experience amazing wine lists and food and that's your jam, then you will definitely enjoy this place.We drink a lot of Pinot Noir, and on that front the selection was fantastic. Lots of French and Sonoma County/Russian River options.The patio is gorgeous, albeit a little hot if you go to early - definitely opt for a dinner reservation that's 7:30PM or later - that's about the time it started cooling down.Our order:Thai Basil flatbread - this was solid. Really good and unique flatbread. Beets with pistachios and goat cheese - really tasty, perhaps a bit too rich or heavy handed with the cheese. I love beets so I felt like they were drowning a bit.Charcuterie plate - prosciutto, sopressata, and a dry salami along with Truffle tremor, humboldt fog, and a beemster type of wisconsin cheese that I can't recall. All good, but nothing surprising here. Crimson Crush wine flight for 2 - really good selection here. Both of the french Pinot Noirs on this flight were fantastic.This was more than enough food for two people - I'd actually say slightly too much. So don't be afraid to order the plates as you want them - it was pretty quick.Hope that's helpful!
5	My husband and I are wine fanatics so we decided to try La Cave.  All I can say is AMAZING!  This is our new Vegas go to spot.  The service was impeccable!  The wine list was massive.  There is a wine for all taste buds. We bought a bottle and ate on the patio overlooking the garden pool.  We ended up being there for 3 hours and were not rushed to leave.  The food is tapas style and very high quality.  We had the La Cave Cesear Salad which was yummy and the meat & cheese board.  Biting into the cheese you could tell it was real aged cheese, delicious!  After sitting there so long we decided to have the chocolate mousse cake for dessert which was divine.  If you enjoy high quality food and wine this is the place for you.
4	Loved the tapas sized plates. Don't miss the Thai chicken flatbread.  I also loved the cheese course.
5	I love Vegas, I deal with the prices of the food/booze because its Vegas.  I have eaten my way through the strip several times, and cannot believe I have never eaten here before.  We stumbled accross this delightful find by accident, they were expecting a private party but let us eat at the open kitchen bar area as long as we could eat under an hour.  I started with a Spanish wine flight with generous pours and a great selection of wines.  I then moved on to the ceasar salad wrapped in prosciutto, this was amazing.  The cut of meat was perfect...and I know my meat!  Since we were short on time we split a flatbread that had bacon and quail egg on it....oh my!!  This was amazing, bacon melted in my mouth.The service was perfect, the atmosphere is intimate inside.  I cannot say enough nice things about the food and wine, just remember its VEGAS so prices will be high.
4	This is my go-to Date location in Las Vegas. I think its the perfect first-date spot on the strip because of thr Tapas style dining. What could a better ice breaker be than talking about which food items you would like to share?Def order:Bacon Wrapped datesSangria Sliders FiletRequest:A table on the Patio. The view is simply amazing! The only downside is that it is slightly pricey. I haven't had a bill less than $150 after drinks/apps. The drinks in particular are super what adds up quickly. They are so tasty that you want to order them again and agian!
4	If you are looking for a restaurant in Las Vegas that's menu has variety, definitely need to check it out here! Here's what I ordered!-Bacon Wrapped Dates: crispy on the outside and flavorful inside! It's a must dish.-Sliced Sirloin Steak: Everything about this dish is amazing. Cooked medium rare, when you receive it the knife smoothly cuts into the steak, and the mushroom adds amazing flavor and texture. -Diver Sea Scallop: By far the best dish! The seasoning is incredible, everything about this dish was fantastic! -S'mores Flatbread: last but not least the dessert! Very yummy and not to sweet!Reason why I knocked off a star, is because even though it's Tapas style, I wish it can be just a little more bigger portion, just a little bit more!
5	What great service. The small plates are really well made. I am a fan of the vegan menu. And the wen selection is great
1	I just don't know how I feel about this place
3	We were a group of 8 Las Vegas locals celebrating a friend's birthday.. our first impression was great we had some drinks at the bar and the bartender was very knowledgeable and nice we were seated at one of the best tables in the restaurant. My whole group would agree that once seated we were disapointed with the service from our waiter he suggested the Chef's Tasting menu($45each) due to the size of our party we all thought that was reasonable but one of the members of our group has a food allergy to mushrooms and 3 of the six items contained mushrooms, when asked to substitute our waiter acted offended and told them "to eat around the mushrooms". We opted out of the tasting menu after the comment was made and ordered some delicious items like the Crab Lettuce Wraps, Pesto Pasta, Asparagus with egg, Flat Breads and other items. The service improved with the evening sadly once they realized we would possibly be repeat customers and after talking to the sommelier about the waiters personality . The bill was over $850 for tapas, dessert, cava toast and wine(2 @bottles at $70each). Overall the food was good and the atmosphere was great.
5	Our meal at La Cave in the Wynn hotel was by far the most outstanding dining experience we enjoyed during our extended weekend stay in the desert.  After a number of other meals and experiences which fell short on the execution, I thought that La Cave did everything very well.Our server was prompt, friendly and informative.  There was never a push to hurry any decision which gave us plenty of time to look over the "American tapas" menu.  The cuisine is creative American, all served in small plates.  It took us some time to come up with right combo of tastes and sizes.  We agreed on 4 small plates - the rack of lamb chops, the pasta with broccolini, the mushroom grits and the 3 bean salad.  All of the dishes were excellent.  Of the 4, probably the salad and lamb were the biggest stand outs.  The salad because this wasn't your picnic variety of 3 bean salad.  Rather, the La Cave version had fresh green beans, fried garbanzo beans, grilled artichoke hearts in a delicious ice wine vinaigrette. Yum!  The lamb was served hot, juicy and tasting of the grill.La Cave has an extensive wine list of bottles, glasses and 1/2 bottles - domestic and imports.  We settled on a 1/2 bottle of a French white which complemented our meal well.  The wine server  was very knowledgable, kept our glasses full and spoke with us extensively about the dessert drink options.  My wife tasted, and then ordered, a glass of Madeira and I had a fantastic Amaro.  There were a handful of dessert options but we were plenty full and enjoying the after dinner drinks.The interior design of the restaurant is very eye-appealing.  Despite the hard wood floors and background pop music, we found the noise level not to be a problem.The overall meal is pretty pricey but considering the excellent execution and location, it's not out of line for the experience.  If we were closer, we'd be back for date night!
3	The Wynn and Encore are some of my favorite properties in Las Vegas. Their elegant styling with classic and luxurious design cues all make for a perfect resort. Walking into SW Steakhouse with no reservation, I realized I was being too optimistic. Reservations is a must at SW -- lesson learned. Scratching that idea, our dinner plans turned into something more casual but elegant at the same time. La Cave at the Wynn is a wine bar, tapas bar, and hideaway all in one. I don't know what a food hideaway is exactly, but that's what it is. Their classic tapas items paired with some interesting wine tastings made for an incredible dinner service. SW steakhouse surely wasn't on the back of our minds.We started thngs off with the La Cave Caesar salad. With the Romaine lettuce left whole, we cut into it like a steak. Wrapped in the most delectable, yet really salty prosciutto, I was all smiles. Mixed all together with their lemon anchovy dressing, the salad was a great ice breaker for our meal. The addition of fried anchovy made this Caesar salad a legit one.Who orders soup at a restaurant, let alone, a tapas bar? This guy! Their onion soup really looked good with the puff pastry "poofed" up on top. With gruyere cheese mixed up all in the puff pastry, the dough had a great toasted cheese taste. The broth in it was rich and addicting. I just didn't want it to end. Mixing the broth with the cheesy puff pastry made for a perfect bite.It was time for wine! I opted to try the Spanish wine tasting selection. With four different kinds from specific regions, I was bound to find at least one that I like.I find myself ordering bacon wrapped dates at every tapas joint I go to. The salty and sweet combo is done all the time and I like to try them all and compare. Most of the restaurants prepare them similarly, but they are never the same. At La Cave, the dates were huge. This meant really big sweet flavors. The bacon's saltiness wasn't enough to counter balance the sweet dates, so the help of blue cheese fondue did the trick..Just as the bacon wrapped dates, every tapas needs to have good flatbread options. Their chicken flatbread was a good option. With Thai basil, chili sauce, and garlic aioli, the flatbread had lots of flavor. For what it was, the dough and crust was decent as well. Possibly, any of the classic flat breads on the menu would have been good as well.I love a perfectly cooked shrimp, and theirs was just that. Mixed in with chopped piquillo peppers, fingerling potatoes, and roasted garlic, the flavors popped in your mouth. The piquillo peppers made this dish as it was all I could really taste. I think a better crust on the shrimp with the addition of extra salt would have perfected this dish nicely.Not eating at SW Steakhouse meant we had to find our beef elsewhere. We found it in their beef filet. Siting on top of crostini with some blue cheese melted on top, this was a perfect filet. I felt the beef could have been cooked a little more on the rare. The slightly over cooked meat was forgiven with the 2 sauces that came with it. One was a thickened onion based sauce, and the other was a mushroom/truffle reduced cream sauce. Both were exceptional with this beef, but the white mushroom/truffle cream reduction was just heavenly. I shamelessly just lathered this stuff on each bite.After seeing the bill, I realized I probably would have spent this much at SW. The only difference is, and it's a big difference, I would have only eaten beef and some side item of starch. Granted, that beef would have been quite nice, and the bread and butter would have perfect, I had diversity. That is the beauty of tapas. Where other restaurants are all about doing one thing and doing it right, tapas is all about trying new things and repeating that over and over. La Cave was an awesome detour for dinner. The place was busy and the crowd was young and hip. It was dark in there though, hence the crappy pictures. I mean, it is a "hideaway" afterall.
2	Food was adequate to good and wine selection was great (Gramercy Cellars, Spring Valley are some good Walla Walla selections), but the service was absolutely atrocious.  Flatbreads were well done, charcuterie was a generous portion (and should be for the price).  Our party of eight on a per diem got some of the worst service I've had in quite some time.  Slow to the greeting, slower to the order, food came before the wine even though we had ordered wine first thing, took 20 minutes (no kidding) to get the bill after asking, and then we were given the wrong one.  Something is (or at least was) dreadfully wrong, the manager knew it, but could not solve the problem.
2	Small casual room with an upscale cave like atmosphere; as you might expect.Good service; decent wine list, good food - not inspired in nature, but well executed.Portions are quite small by any tapas standard.  Not a particularly big eater, but if you think about what you need to order to feel reasonably satisfied the price of your meal quickly shoots up to a range where you could for the same price go to a more upscale restaurant and leave more satisfied.So although the food is good, if I compare to comparably priced alternatives I would rate La Cave below average.
5	This was probably my favorite meal in Vegas this year. Thanks to yelp for the help in finding it!I didn't originally realize that this place is designed more or less tapas style. No worries, that only made it okay to order multiple things. Our waiter ahead of time told us that everything comes out when it's ready and typically the size of a small side plate. Our group decided to not do the traditional sharing- and each ordered 2 or 3. I got the charcuterie board- selecting 2 meats and 2 cheeses; and the beef carpaccio. Wow on both. The carpaccio was probably one of the best things ever. The charcuterie - get the Truffle tremor. It's amazing. And I received a huge portion of prosciutto, along with the other salumi.Prices fairly standard or lower than most restaurants on the strip. If I go back to that city, it is definitely a place I want to return.
5	GREAT charuterie and cheese board, surprisingly good Thai chicken pizza (I was not really planning on eating any of this but it was killer), and STELLAR filet topped with bleu cheese.  My only regret is that I split the filet and the scallops with someone and the scallops, while good, didn't hold a candle to the filet.Good wine selection, too.  Next time I am in Vegas, will definitely be making the trek over to the Wynn.
5	Bacon wrapped dates are so so good ....everything was so good, great staff and nice atmosphere, the best food in Vegas I've had this far! Highly recommend
4	Fine and fun place with delicious vegetarian, vegan and gluten free options. Another winner from Wynn!Wait staff was delightful, knowledgeable and friendly. food was great and portions decent.Get a table out on the back deck if you can. They have Swinging seats!!!
2	As I was eating dinner at La Cave the other night, I was debating that this review could go anywhere from a 2 star to a 4 star.  We ate there with a group of 6, and since it is Tapas, we were able to try almost everything on the Menu.  Unfortunately, nothing was super memorable.  I'll start with the highlights.1) Our server was very nice.  Great personality and even gave some good recommendations for offstrip restaurants.2) The Beef Filet was quite was good.  That and the Charcuterie plate were probably the two best items that we had.3) The wine selection was quite good.  The Sommelier acted of high importance, but didn't show any action for his promises.  As shown below.The bad:1) The restaurant is in the Wynn, and prices were as expected.  They were not outrageous, but for the quality of the food, they seemed a bit high.2) As we were eating the duck, the Sommelier asked how the duck was.  I told him that it was chewy and not very good.  At first he acted surprised, and said he would take it off the bill.  As the norm, I said, "oh no, that's ok" (still expecting him to do it).  He then replied, "other people have said they didn't like either.  I'm taking it off for you guys."  I figured if he DID stand behind that comment, that would def. bump La Cave up a star.  If he didn't, then it goes down a star because it was that bad.3) Other disappointing dishes were the overcooked and small Scallops, the watery grits, and the chewy lamb.La Cave is a 3 star restaurant for the mediocre food, and above average service for the strip.  All dishes were "OK" and nothing blew any of us away.  It was all just OK.  As you guessed, the duck remained on the bill, and as expected, the Sommelier was just giving us words.  I doubt I will be back to La Cave, and gladly try other restaurants in Vegas.
4	We went to La Cave for my best friend's bachelorette party dinner on a Saturday night. The girls we were with wanted a place that was not outrageously expensive but still had good food. La Cave fit the bill so I booked us reservations. It is located in the Wynn hotel and is beautifully decorated. We started out with the bacon wrapped dates and a few flatbreads for the table. We ordered the bacon, quail egg and fontina flat bread, which was deliciousssss. Half of our table ordered the sliced sirloin steak with mushroom fondue for the main course. Everyone was raving about how delicious it was. The bride ordered the scallops and loved those as well. This was a beautiful place to have her bachelorette dinner!
4	First time here at this restaurant. Great food and service. Atmosphere was good. We sat on a balcony overlooking the pool. Not typical cheesy Vegas.
5	Amaaaaazing food! Get the cheese plate, the flat breads, and a fancy drink. Love it!
4	"In vino veritas" is on their archway. That pretty much says it all. The wine selection here is fantastic, and their knowledgeable sommelier is happy to offer some suggestions to accompany your food choices.As far as the food goes, I thought the tapas were fantastic. The presentation of the smoked salmon was impressive, with the overturned glass of smoke that the server lifts. The crispy duck was pretty much as perfect as duck could be, and the flatbreads were lovely. The prices here were extremely reasonable for Vegas.
4	Ambience is beautiful! Food is great! We came here for a bachelorette dinner (10girls) Our waitress said it's tapas style and is good for sharing because it comes in small portions. Don't believe that! We ordered so much food thinking it was small portions and when they started bringing it out we knew we weren't gonna finish. Btw all their flatbreads are to die for. I love how there was always someone making sure your glass wasn't empty and our table wasn't cluttered. We stayed out on the balcony and the view is amazing at night. Id come back. Definitely a must in Vegas!
4	BOTTOMLESS CAIPARINHAS! Or mojitos, margaritas, sangria and one or two other choices. I think it's $20 more for the bottomless drinks, and the selection was awesome. The food was mostly excellent. Serving style was unique - waitpersons bring small plate items to your table. Unfortunately, they may bring a cup with sausage and bacon that serves 1 when you very obviously have 5 or 6 at your table. So you end up having to ask for more a lot. Great for the restaurant, but not so much for diners. The NY Egg Breakfast Sandwich was very good; the bread was soft. The Veal Hash was excellent, as was the Gazpacho.
5	Great place to have appetizers, a light meal, drinks and socialize. Good place to go before a show.
4	Great place to start your night good beer and good wine excellent service...Love the atmosphere.
4	Great food and service. We had the Thai ceviche -amazing, but small portion; the chorizo flatbread was great, ended up ordering 2.  bacon wrapped dates- small portion and probably not the best thing on the menu. Same goes for the beet salad. The s'mores pizza was a great way to end out night!
5	La Cave has quickly become my wife's favorite restaurant in Vegas. The food is great and the portions are perfect. This is the type of restaurant where you will want to get several different dishes and share them among your party.Highlights include an amazing Caesar salad with a delightful Lemon Anchovy dressing. The flatbreads are very good, we've had several different ones and I can't say which was my favorite. The Beef Filet on crostini with Blue Cheese was also excellent.The wine and beer selection rocks and this is a really dark, but trendy spot to hang out with friends or with a romantic interest.We will surely come back every time we come to Vegas.
5	My husband and I were married at The Wynn and did not want to hold a huge reception. Instead, this restaurant was recommended to us by our Event coordinator.  I must say, this place is amazing!  We reserved the outside patio (gorgeous view) and had such a wonderful experience.  The staff was beyond friendly and helpful.  My husband and I got there earlier than expected and they had everything ready for us and even let us sit early too! Our time max was 2 hours, of course we went over that limit, but we were not rushed at all.  The managers kept checking up on us without being over bearing.  This restaurant was exactly what we wanted.  Thank you staff and management at La Cave!! This was such a wonderful experience.
5	I am so in love with this place!!!! Very romantic ambiance, delicious food and excellent wine selection! What more can a girl ask for?!
3	Went here with some friends for Sunday brunch. The food was fantastic, but the service was really lacking. I'm not sure what the issue was -- they weren't busy at all, but just trying to get refills on coffee was way too difficult for this caliber of restaurant. It also took them 20 minutes and asking several times for someone to come and take out drink order.All in all the food was great but the service was not up to par for this level of a restaurant.
5	I love La Cave! I went here for lunch and split a few appetizers with my family. We shared a few flat breads which were delicious. The wine was great as well. We sat outside and had a view of the Wynn pool. Service was excellent too. I look forward to going back!
3	Cute...unique restaurant I really really dug the atmosphere customer service amazing whatever you do you do not get the chartreuse tray I'll tell you how to make a better one you go to whole foods market and I'll throw out for cheeses for you some spices some olive oil's a particular style of vinegar and I'll blow your socks off other than that it be fun to go for a glass of wine a day just for something different!
5	Grits!... order them period. This review is long overdue since i have been back here many times for so many different reasons. La Cave is considered the food & wine hideaway and it kind of fits the feel when walking in past the entry cave where they have high tables to enjoy a glass of wine or appetizers and then past this to pen up to a formal style dining room complete with a gorgeous patio that opens up to a gorgeous night. The feel is a little more upbeat and hip with music playing and a diverse setup of tables and chairs to chose from to sit at. If you have the option try to find yourself sitting on the patio with a good glass of wine. I have had Grits - Oh God... thats all but eat while hot and dont be shy and let them get cold because its such a waste. Filet and caramelized onion flatbread with blue cheese - A very nice combination of ingredients on a very generous sized flat bread. If you are a blue cheese lover then this is a must. Bacon wrapped dates - A great stater and these are winner on many tapas menus but from here happen to be my favorite (far better than firefly)Sea scallops - Although these were well prepared i can say that i could pass on these. Then again i am not a scallop guy so if you love scallops then you may like more than i. Beef filet crostini - The biggest surprise of the menu for me, so simple yet so delicious and so well put together. I could eat just this all night with the right glass of wine. Chloe is the sommelier here and is good at what she does. Ask for her assistance with your wine and she will not disappoint with something from their extensive list. Her smile and appreciation for her customers aids in a terrific dining experience. Actually the entire staff here has always been attentive and welcoming as ill continue to return for excellent meals deep into the future.
5	Wow, what a find. After several days in Vegas eating at expensive, dark, mediocre restaurants, La Cave was a breath of fresh air, literally. Excellent food, a beautiful patio overlooking a garden and amazing service. Hayley was patient and we ended up staying for a couple hours. They really should let people entering from the Casino side know how nice their outdoor area is!
5	An unexpected delight. While out wandering around the casinos, we decided that we wanted to grab some lunch, and were sent to La Cave by the hotel concierge. What a great surprise! After having some pretty expensive and high end meals, we weren't looking for anything special, but La Cave had the best food we ate all weekend. The atmosphere at lunch time was lovely out on the patio, and a little fresh air and sunshine were much appreciated. The service was stellar.
3	This may be a hip restaurant but I would warn you on the wine. They break prices down by ounces and your glass of wine could turn into a $30 charge without you even knowing. Should have gotten a soda!
3	Food is okay but the decor is gorgeous. I would definitely recommend for some apps and a glass/bottle of wine. Really a beautiful place.
4	Great little romantic dinner place! Good portions for a tapas menu. Try the strawberry cucumber lemonade cocktail! It's delicious.
3	don't come here if you're hungry. food comes in very small portions. food was okay- nothing special.VERY overpriced! the cheese and meat plate that was $35, was definitely not worth the cost. almost everything we ordered had a flaw.the seating was awkward!! if you're looking for a big steak dinner... not the place.
4	Alright, first off, this is not a restaurant you go to and expect to eat your own meals. This restaurant is meant to be a really fancy take on family dinner. The food comes out on small plates in modest portions abs you are encouraged to share. So you are also encouraged to get a few plates of food not just one for yourself to enjoy as you would in a normal restaurant. All that being said, this place is really good. With the portion sizes being small it isnt overwhelming and you don't leave over full. We had the chicken skewers, shrimp, Angus, and the benigets. The chicken came on skewers with little toasted pita slices with a taziki sauce. (like the stuff you get on gyros) the chicken was moist and the sauce very good. The shrimp was wonderful and the sauce was very creole in taste but not overly spicey.The Angus came out about the size of a fist and cut into two pieces. It also was very flavorful but wasn't cooked as well as I could have been I think.The benigets were small abs round, like a Mexican wedding cake, and came with a chocolate sauce, raspberry jam and a cream sauce I cannot place. All were just wonderful. So if you're looking for something a little different with delicious food this is a good place to eat. If you're super hungry and not wanting share go someplace else. Our waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable of the menu as there were a lot of words I didn't personally recognize on there lol.
4	Perfect anniversary dinner.  Everything was wonderful, from food to ambiance to wine.   Highly recommend.  Had salmon sashimi warm slow roasted beets rack of lamb and sirloin.  Only complaint was that for some reason the drink service was a little slow.
4	Very nice. We ordered: baby kale saladdiver scallopsmushroom flatbread .... and then we decided we wanted something heavy and orderedsirloin. Baby kale salad was actually arugula - must have run out of kale - but nonetheless, it was lovely.  Perfect amount of dressing. Crisp apples were a great complement to the greens and the dressing. Scallops were prefect.  Perfectly seasoned (just salt), with a good amount of butter and seared to perfection. Well done. The pollenta was too salty, but it had a great creamy texture. Mushroom flatbread w ricotta was great. Sirloin - nice cut but overcooked.  The waitress did not ask our preference for cooking [would have been medium rare] and we found this medium cooked sirloin too dry.  But I don't regret getting it; the presentation was great and its accompaniments were excellent.
5	Great little hideout within the Wynn. We booked this place because we were watching Le Reve at 7:00pm and thought we'd grab an early dinner before then.FOOD:Ordered their La Cave Caesar Salad ($11.00), Onion Soup ($9.00), Shrimp Ceviche ($15.00), Tomato, Micro Mozzarella, Caper Flatbread ($14.00), Black Angus Sirloin Steak ($22.00), Rack of Lamb ($23.00), Strowngbow Apple Cider ($9.00), Strawberry Cucumber Lemonade ($16.00), and a Chocolate Mousse Cake ($9.00).The La Cave Caesar is marvelous little appetizer to start off dinner, it's Bibb lettuce wrapped in a thinly sliced Prosciutto with lightly brushed on Caesar dressing. I really enjoyed it since it wasn't so heavy with dressing and the Prosciutto was the perfect amount to give a nice savory kick to the fresh lettuce. The Shrimp Ceviche was a little sweet for me since the peach and pineapple chutney has a really sweet undertone, but shrimps were crunchy and definitely cleaned well. Their flatbread I think was highlight of the dinner in terms of portion and price, especially in Vegas upscale restaurants. It's enough to feed two people at least and visually it's not overly oily like normal pizzas are. My sister and brother seemed to really enjoy the texture and the how the flavors were light and flavorful. The Black Angus Sirloin is to die for! I definitely recommend it. It was so tender and juicy, cooked to perfection that it melted in my mouth when I ate it. Ahhh! I can still taste the delicious aroma of their Sirloin steak!SERVICE:Our waitress was absolutely lovely, my sister has difficulty making up her mind when it comes to deciding on a dish, but she was patient with us and was just terrific. Great attitude with a charming smile and bright personality! She wasn't overly pushy in terms of over checking up on us nor did she disappear the entire time we were dining.AMBIANCE:Just spectacular! I made a reservations note that I wanted to sit in their garden patio and that was where we were seated. Our seats were more like front porchesque couches where you get to sit back with long comfy pillows all around as you sip wine and look at the beautiful view of Vegas through their glass patio. Soft jazz music gingerly danced in the background with dimmed lighting, noise level was minimal which I loved. It's so classy and romantic here! Perfect for intimate outings. :)
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet!I had dined at La Cave a year ago with 5 of my girlfriends to celebrate my bachelorette weekend. Everything at La Cave was amazing - my girlfriends and I still talk about it fondly.Walking to La Cave itself was such an experience. It is located inside the Wynn. We had to walk through the gorgeous hallways and then arrive at La Cave, where we were seated promptly.We had ordered a whole array of tapas to share, including the roasted beets, bacon-wrapped dates, ceviche, salmon tostada, beef and blue cheese flatbread, sirloin steak, etc. Everything was incredibly delicious! Each one of us was in love with the food, including one or two picky eaters!Three of us got a wine flight as well. I LOVE wine flights, and this one didnt disappoint! To pair with the wine flight, we ordered three types of cheese to share. Oh man, the portions we got! BIG pieces of cheese! We were all giddy with happiness because we thought we'd get an inch at most, considering what a reasonable price it was. The service was super friendly and polite. We all had an amazing time laughing, sharing food and indulging in good wine. Thank you La Cave for the good memories and for making sure the last dinner on my bachelorette trip was a success! :)
