5	There is no better venue in all of pro football than Heinz Field. Great site lines to field topped off with incredible history donned inside the Great Hall. What other stadium has all of their Super Bowl trophies on display next to a Hall of Famer's fake teeth (Jack Lambert). All that, AND they have Primanti Bros available inside the stadium. Oh yeah, I almost forgot this is the best tailgating spot in all of pro sports. Do yourself a favor, make the pilgrimage to Pittsburgh for a Steelers game.
4	Heinz field is a great stadium but mostly for the ammenties than the setup for the game. The ramps are aweseom, tons of hisroty and decorations, very cool. The food is good and the views along teh river and beautiful. The stadium itself is very open which is bad because it means all the crowd noise escapes. Qwest Field in Seattle, WA is much better in that respect. Still agreat place to see a game though and the tailgate in Pittsburgh is a lot of fun, people were very cool even though I was wearing my Seahawks gear. ;-)
5	KILLER STADIUM!!!Great fans, even to me a 49ers fan. The setting s cool, you can see downtown out the end zone. There are bathrooms every where and great stadium food!!I loved this place!!
4	A great place for a football game. Nice sight lines and a nice view of the river through the open end of the stadium. It would have been even better if the open end were made to have faced the downtown area, but I'm sure there are reasons for that. The tailgating is friendly and fun, the cops turn a blind eye to most everything. The traffic leaving the stadium is horrendous, an easier way onto the highway would be appreciated. Finally, rooting for the Giants I have to say that the Steeler fans were very friendly and there was a good football camaraderie between everyone.
5	Love this stadium.  Very easy to get into, fun tailgating, lots of entertainment inside.  I love the Walk of Fame and the live music.  I can't get enough Quaker Steak & Lube fries.  The lines to the ladies room aren't ridiculous and the fans are so fun!
5	I'm a Colts fan...I love them, have been since i was 7 but ultimately, I am a football fan....and this stadium was built for its die-hard fans.  I can totally appreciate that.  Not only are there a shitload of seats, but MOST of them are not nose bleeds and the ones that are (I'm sure they are FREEZING this time of year) look to still have decent views of the field and screens.My hubby is a big Pittsburgh Steeler fan, as his cousin plays for the team...so we headed out for the Colts vs. Steelers game in early november.  I have only been in a couple of NFL stadiums in my lifetime (one of them being my beloved RCA Dome) and I have to say, I was BLOWN away by the arena.  It was UNBELIEVABLE.  The seats are painted BRIGHT Steelers yellow that blinds you when you walk in.  And, if you are there for the opposing team (like I was), you DEFINTIELY stand out, b/c MAN, their fans come out in hordes swarming in every section, ready to bare down on an outsider.  It was awesome!!Speaking of fans, despite me boasting blue and our team rockin' it out that day, they were REALLY cool to me.  I stood out like a sore thumb, being only one of maybe four Colts fans in my section so I was pretty exposed!  The guys sitting next to me gave me a hard time, insisted I swing their Terrible Towel and in general, were a lot of fun. :) I'm sure that not everyone was as nice, but I had great neighbors.My seats were fantastic, in the lower section in the corner of the endzone.  I could see all the action!! It was great and I really enjoyed it.  It was REALLY cold but all in all, outside of seeing the Colts beat NE in the 2007 AFC Championship, this was by far the best NFL football experience I have ever had!  It was FANFREAKINTASTIC!!If you ever have a chance to visit Heinz Field, TAKE advantage.  It was easily accessible, in a great location downtown, security was a breeze, fans rocked it out and the stadium is AWESOME!!
2	The hell...?  Yellow seats?Did someone spill their mustard?Shitload of mustard.
2	I think you gotta love the "Stillers" or be a Pitt fan to understand why anyone would think this place is terrific.  Sorry guys, I don't necessarily get it.   This is certainly not the most horrible stadium I have ever visited, but it sure isn't up to snuff with many of the other stadiums about the country.  Went to a Univeristy of Pitt football game over the weekend.  Since I am from out of town, I was not familiar with the layout or where to enter in terms of where my seats were located.  Got some pretty bad directions from the staff working outside of the stadium and needless to say, I spent almost the entire first quarter of the game attempting to find our seats.  I will say that once seated, the view is good and nothing that I could see would impart your vision of the field from wherever you are sitting.  Food offerings are your standard fare (hot dogs, soda, hamburgers, nachos, etc,) - nothing out of the ordinary.  The main concourse on the street level is pretty nice, and gives you a nice sense of the history of the "Stillers" and is really a walk down memory lane, even for those of us who don't live in Pittsburgh but remember the teams from the 70's and their glory days.  (Yes, admittedly, they are still a pretty terrific team!).Loved the Heintz bottles on the fan-o-vision that tip over and look like ketsup running down the screen - very cool!
4	I love the field, I love the Steelers, I loved my seat, even though it was Section 512, row LL (yes, that is the very top row).  At least you could see every play being developed on the field.  However, the most horrendous part of the great Steeler experience is the staff.  The slow, pissy bartenders, who can never manage to pour more than one beer at a time, make the line go on forever and ever.  Maybe I want to enjoy a beer while watching the game.  But you'd never know because you're too busy standing in line, muttering curses to the slow servers.  Other than that hot mess, the euphoria of the fans, the good seats, those bright friggin yellow seats...it's all good, man.
5	I've been to a number of University of Pittsburgh football games here, though no Steeler's games yet.  The view is awesome, and you can see Mount Washington and the Pittsburgh downtown skyline in the distance.  The stadium is well-maintained and easy to get around in.  It is rare that college team gets to play at a professional football stadium.  If you have prepurchased parking, there are some parking lots right near the stadium.  If you don't have prepaid parking, it seems like the thing to do is park downtown, and cross the Roberto Clemente Bridge.  When Pitt gets into the Red Zone of the opposing team (within the twenty yard line), the two large ketchup bottles at the top of the Jumbotron pour out ketchup onto the Jumbotron, where it says "Heinz Red Zone".  Wow.  Talk about commercialization.  Next thing you know, whenever Pitt falls behind, the Jumbotron will start showing "Catchup, Catchup."  Best highlights of every Pitt game: - third Quarter rendition of Sweet Caroline with interjections of "Let's Go Pitt" or "Go Pitt, Go Pitt, Go PItt"- students doing air lifts or whatever they are called the number of points Pitt has- students going crazy with excitement when they are shown on the JumbotronIt's definitely worth the visit.  Go Pitt!
5	New stadium. Outdoor atmosphere. Blue collar feel. Great fans. Great team. Awesome tailgating. That's why I became a Steelers fan. The beers are expensive but if you were tailgating properly, you should be pretty loaded by the time you get inside. They also have Primanti Brothers inside too which is awesome. The urinals are trough's which I have never seen before and helps fit even more people so the men's line just flies.The view from the stands is ridiculous. I've been here twice and had the good fortune of being on the 40 yard line, Chargers side, 10 rows from the field. Scalped my tickets. Oh. This was a playoff game that the Steelers ended up winning before taking home their 6th Superbowl. Ticket cost me $200 for my seats which I bought an hour in advance. Totally worth it.The only problem is the entrance. There is only one main gate and everyone funnels their way to get inside so the lineup is ridiculously long to get in.
3	The stadium itself is nothing special, but it gets the job done.Like other reviewers have wrote, its the people, the tailgating, and the Steelers of course that make the experience so well worth it.
5	Walking in to Heinz Field, you are immediately smacked in the face with the endless rows of screamingly yellow chairs.  Their vibrancy practically yell out "This is the home of the great.  This is the home of the Pittsburgh Steelers."  Welcome.  Because you're in Steelers Country.Yes, you will stick out in any color other than black & gold.  That means you, Browns fans, in your disgusting orange & brown.  Go sit in the back, you're second-class citizens.Tailgating: fantastic.  Music blasting, kegs & plenty of brews to pass around, chicken & burgers hot off the grill, random Steeler chants, decorated cars, and of course, loud booing at anyone who passes by in a jersey of the opposing team.Food:  47 concession stands - take your pick.  They have your typical hot dogs, burgers, nachos, pretzels.  But wait, that's not all.  Primanti's sandwiches (the best sandwiches on earth - scientific fact) and Quaker Steak and Lube wings (the best wings on earth - again, scientific fact).The stadium itself is beautiful.  Open views on the south entrance create a gorgeous backdrop of the river and downtown Pittsburgh.  Field view is great from almost any seat.  And when the Steelers enter the red zone, the Heinz ketchup bottles on the jumbotron spill red ketchup onto the screen.  Super cool.Make sure to visit the Great Hall and bask in the glory that is Pittsburgh football.  Six Superbowl trophies speak for themselves.See you in the Superbowl.
2	Winter (Rainy) Classic. Caps vs Pens. Sidney vs Ovie. You know who I'm rooting for.Since they only presold parking to Pens fans, couldn't park at the stadium. Parked instead over at the casino two blocks over. We deliberately got there when they opened doors at 5:30 PM since we wanted to get good pics of the ice on the field before too many people got there. Plus, we wanted to make it through security before too many other people got there (there were 65k people who were supposed to be there). Lastly, we wanted to get fresh, hot food since the lines for the food outside the stadium were nuts.Because we are upper level season ticket holders for the Caps our seats were in the 506 section at the field. No biggie. We go to the food stand outside our section, order our food, and go to hand them our debit card only to find out that they are not equipped to take debit cards. None of the food stands are. They are cash only. WTF, Chuck?! It's 2011. Everyone takes plastic these days. I asked the girl if there was any place in the arena where we could pay for our food with plastic and she said no - all they have are old registers that are not equipped to handle those functions. Luckily I had enough cash on me to pay for the food. We ordered two foot long hot dogs, an order of fries, a large pop, and a side of cheese for the fries.  The hot dogs were good and the fries were hot BUT the cheese was ice cold. At $2 for a cup of cheese, I demand hot cheese...especially in light of the fact that it's not like they didn't have ample time to prepare for the game.The view from the seats was good. We were close to the speakers, where there was no sound for two out of three periods. It was cool to look out over the water and see the fog on the river. Most of the Pens fans (the older ones at least) were nice. We had some good spirited rivalry talk. However, the younger (under 30 fans) were dee-bags of the highest order. I mean really...the wimmenz were especially out of control. It got worse when they started leaving en masse about 5 minutes before the game ended and were losing. People started throwing beer and getting in people faces. Fights started. No crowd control whatsoever.The whole place is sort of a travshamockery. And I don't even hate Pittsburgh.
5	One of the best outdoor venues around.  Key tip park in the golden triangle parking garages, becareful there garages that charge 20 dollars adjacent to ones reserved for steeler games that charge 5 dollars by far one of the best parking options in the NFL.  It takes 15minutes to walk across the brigde, but you get wonderful views of the city, as you cross the bridge take a little time to stop at PNC field were the pirates play, they ahve a huge statue of Roberto Clemente.  There are also lots of other memorials to the police, Vietnam, and Korea wars.  Interestingly, as you walk to Heinz field along the river, you come across a huge statute of Mister Rogers.  The game we attended was the Raiders Steelers game, have to give credit to Raiders fans they really dress to impress.  The sightlines in the stadium are wonderful and you get a great view of the rivers, city, and bridges.  The only negative of the stadium is the endzone seats are bleacher seats.  Bathrooms are plentiful, concessions are good I would recommend eating at Promanti Bros, they also have the usual stadium fare at the usual prices.  Everyone should also check out the great hall in the 100 concourse there the Steelers 6 super title are displayed along with video highlights of each win, I also love the fact they had a concert going on as well, all in all one of the best venues in the NFL.
4	We headed here for the winter classic back on New's Years weekend. The stadium is very clean, has a ton of food choices, and great views from every seat. I really liked the location of the stadium and the ease of walking distance to restaurants and bars. if we are every in Pittsburgh again we will have to take in a football game.
5	A truly fantastic stadium. Have to be honest, I've only been to a Pitt-Texas A&M game and the Pens-Caps Winter Classic game here--no Steeler games yet. But it's got an incredible view, it's well organized, the sight lines are perfect, the food and drink is very good, and you can even take the ferry across the river, or walk across the Roberto Clemente Bridge.Plus it's right next to the Science Museum, PNC Park, and now  a casino. It's not far from the Warhol museum, and a lot of other great stuff. Pittsburgh always does its sports right, unlike Houston which at least built a nice baseball stadium. Whomever built Reliant Stadium has surely never been to Heinz, and that's a shame.Not to mention you have owners in the Rooneys who truly care about both the city and the team. It would be awesome to see the Steelers play here in the snow someday (thought I'd get to do that with the Pens, but it was freaking hot that day!)Oh my one tiny complaint is that they wouldn't let us bring in a reusable grocery bag to carry our ponchos in. We had to buy a Winter Classic bag. So they are clueless on the point of having reusable bags, obviously.
5	Good News: I finally get to visit the city I've been dreaming of since I was 10Bad News: It's summer! Which means the Steelers aren't anywhere near Heinz.I was still determined to make the best of it and decided my friend and I were going to go on the Heinz field tour. I didn't care if she wasn't into football and if she kept rolling her eyes and that it was my only day in Pittsburgh. Although it wasn't Three Rivers it was still amazing to walk through the gates of Heinz field. The tour was amazing. You get to see everything! Luxury boxes and even the locker room, which is very rare for any stadium tour. The guides are amazing. They are full of trivia and allow for plenty of time for pictures. That's not even the best part...it's only $6.50! Plus you get a pencil and some other goodies! Even my friend had a great time and conceded that it was not a waste of time. Yah!
5	The Cathedral of Pittsburgh. Nothing beats a trip to the stadium on a Steelers Sunday to get a feeling of how crazy this town is for football. The stadium itself is modern, with comfortable seating, reasonably good food and beer, and great views of the field and city.  Where you sit in the winter does make a HUGE difference in your enjoyment of the game. Try not to sit near the ends of the upper tier; the wind really whips through the gaps between the section behind the goal posts and either side.  If you can afford it, when it's cold or raining, I would strongly recommend club seating. It will let you go inside between quarters or the half, and is one of the few places in the stadium with a full bar.
5	Having had the displeasure of attending numerous events at Three Rivers Stadium, I can say that Heinz Field is unequivocally better. There are no bad sight lines (I remember missing some plays when watching Steelers games in peanut heaven at Three Rivers). I do wish they had a Primanti's in the upper decks but that's a small complaint to me. But nothing beats a Steelers game day (or night), feeling yourself getting swept away by the euphoria and camaraderie of the Nation. Also I've been to other stadiums and I think that Steelers fans treat opponents pretty well.I've only been to one concert here, the recent U2 concert but I thought they did a good job staging that as well.
4	My review is based on the U2 concert that I attended a couple weeks ago.Definitely is a nice stadium.  The surrounding area is pretty awesome.  I thoroughly enjoyed my time in Pitt.  If you are a Steeler fan, it definitely seems like a great town to be in.  Found the people in the city to be more than cordial  and friendly.  Would definitely go back to this city to visit.
5	There's no bad seat in the house. The parking can be a bit pricey on game days. Pitt plays there too so you can get NCAA or NFL football.
3	Steelers fans love it, well mostly because they are Steelers fans. Therefore, when they review Heinz Field most of them in a way are reviewing the Steelers. Sure they are going to give 5 stars to where their favorite team plays.I'm not a Steelers fan so I will try to be objective. I've been to a number of pro and college stadiums and Heinz Field field is just OK, thus the 3 stars. It's way too open, and though Steelers fans get very loud, it doesn't get close to as loud as old Three Rivers used to be. The turf is bad. I love how they want to keep the real grass, but when the Steelers, the Panthers, and the entire WPIAL championships are played there the grass just can't hold up and it turns into a mud bowl. Its really time to lay the fancy new synthetic field turf like many of the other stadiums.And for a college football venue, it really sucks. Terrible college atmosphere mostly because its 3 miles from campus and all the students have to bus in. But in order to have a beautiful basketball stadium Pitt had to get rid of old Pitt Stadium and play their games at Heinz, so I understand PITT's decision to play here.
5	Um, hello! It's awesome! Great for games! Sat there for 13 hours for American Idol auditions. Changed a bit since when it first opened. Stadium food prices are high, but what you get is decent. Stop at the proshop for Steeler and Panther gear. Great seating, as long as you arent in the "nose bleeds." If you have the spirit of the game and excitement and enthusiasm of the players and what's going on around you, it will make every experience a great one.
5	Just a terrific stadium! Have been here to see a few Steelers games and it was a great experience.Walking in you are struck by the vibrant yellow seats. We had tickets to field seats one time and these tickets gain you access to the field BBQ area near the end zones. It was so cool to be able to get early access and walk around the field and explore this place. Tailgating here is a must and the whole parking lot seems like a big kegger party!I have to say their food court area is awesome! Just an amazing selection of foods to choose from, plus concessions stands everywhere. From buckets of wings, to fresh carving stations, to famous Primanti Brothers sandwiches, this is a football foodies heaven! Plus, a live band plays, and walking around the Steelers Hall Of Fame area is very cool.The views that the stadium offers are killer. The river and downtown Pittsburgh, the fun Heinz Ketchup bottles on the jumbotron pouring ketchup on the screen, and great view from every seat. The only bad view is the upper rows in the end zone, as we had last row one time and I could swear the air was thinner up there we were so high up. Great sound system too. The stadium can get really windy and cold, so warm weather gear is a must if seeing a game in December. Went to one game and it was lightly snowing which was so cool. Just a wonderful stadium with a great fan base that is really into the team and supports it with all it's might. Can't wait to see another game there.
5	Black and Yellow rocks it out! We have such a great stadium in Pitt! Now that Steeler season is officially in full swing I will be quite the regular at Heinz Field. It doesn't hurt that my job brings me here either. So lets get these tailgates going!Many of my coworkers really enjoy coming to Pittsburgh and everyone comments on how incredible our stadium is! Believe me they know cuz they work all around the north east covering these events. Our club level is so crazy fun and the food is actually really good. TCat is always raving that the pizza there is the best around. I haven't tried it yet. Last weekend I did sample a rib sandwich with sourkraut, not quite what I was looking for and the meat was chewy.The worst part about attending games is obviously the parking! I park in a lot that charges $45. Others I see have $35 price tag! Yikes! I think that if you can park in a garage and just walk from downtown you are much better served. Better yet catch the bus, and if you have friends there bum a ride back with them. I think you can also play your hand at getting a cab and parking somewhere sort of nearby because we all know it's gonna get ridic cold pretty soon! I hope everyone has a chance to enjoy a game in Pitt at some point because the Yinzr Stiller energy is so benevolent and quite addicitive. It got me hooked after my first year here when we won the superbowl! Lets go Steelers!
5	I have been to many stadiums, and nothing really compares to Heinz Field.  The atmosphere on a Steelers gameday is just something that nothing can compare too.Not only football games, but this is the best place to see a concert.  Imagine about 70000 packed into a stadium enjoying good music.  It is concert venue that I suggest every try at least once; believe me you will be hooked.ADD A QUAKER STEAK TO THE 500 LEVEL!!
4	Wide open with a great view of the point. Sight lines are generally outstanding. Pitt games = no alcohol sold and a less than rowdy crowd. Steelers games are crazy, loud, and rocking.
2	This review is going to be short and sweet, well, not so sweet for the Steelers. I think when the city decided to build the Steelers a new stadium, instead of building another Arrowhead Stadium like in Kansas City, they should have built a stadium that would have been a Mecca to the greatest football team in the NFL. Instead, we have a drafty stadium, with a lousy field, and really awful yellow seats. Not even a sit down restaurant.When I look at what they built in Detroit, Dallas, and Phoenix, I could just spit at what we got.Hey, Dan Rooney, when your finished being Ambassador to Ireland, go take in a baseball game at PNC Park and see what a GREAT stadium looks like.
5	I usually attend a Steelers game every year and this one like all the others was crazy loud and intense until the end. My review of the stadium is that the crowd makes this place. It is so loud and the fans are so much into the game it is easy to overlook any shortcomings the stadium may have. It is tough to get into the stadium as game time approaches since there are thousands of fans and only a few gates and people working those gates. The concourses are wide, the bathrooms were never crowded and the concession stands were easy to get to. The view is also nice since the stadium is built right on the river. The parking is not too difficult and the tailgating that goes on is pretty amazing.
3	First of all, I'm going to talk about the venue itself, not the teams who make their home there.Pros:proximity to the city (cough looking at you soon the be Santa Clara 49ers stadium)relatively easy to get in and out ofprimanti'sview of the city through the south/south east end zonegenerally good sight lines throughoutsoon to have its own T stop (thanks Rivers Casino patrons)cons: only one primanti's, quaker steakregular concessions leave a lot to be desiredbeer pricescan be long lines for the pat down to get in if you don't time it rightthe field surface - seriously is this not a solved problem in 2012?over served steelers hooliganismnot great for anything but football (concerts meh and hockey? forget it)scoreboard, inside feeds could use an HD upgradesummary: massive improvement over Venerable, Storied but Archaic Three Rivers Stadium
2	I am a Pitt season ticket holder and am not impressed with this stadium at all.  It is outdated already.  The cash registers are cash only....no credit cards!  It's 2012 and we still haven't learned that people don't carry cash like they used to?  The lack of HD technology around the stadium is also somewhat embarrassing.  The concourses are nice, but there are no sitdown restaurants that are found in a lot of newer stadiums.  The open end of the stadium prevents the place from really getting loud and the sound system positions the majority of the speakers on the open end, which really hurts the stadiums acoustics.  Lastly, there are bleachers in the north end zone which is overly outdated.  Lastly, there are only 3 entrance gates which makes security and entering the stadium awful.  Allegheny county had a chance to build a great stadium for football but really missed the mark with Heinz Field.  Luckily,  PNC Park is such a gem and the Steelers are consistently competitive so the locals really don't care and think it's awesome.
4	It's a good stadium. Nothing great. I guess that the Roonies don't care as long as they can fill it with a winning team. It would be nice to have a better venue to see the premier football franchise in.   At least update most of it.   Here we go Steelers, here we go.
2	Have to say its a nice stadium, can see good from anywhere. The staff however at the stadium are not well trained it customer satisfaction. Just seen Kenny chesney, went to our seats people were in them and we said they had to move. They had a huge problem with us wanting our seats and started argueing and ran to the ushers complaining. We got kicked out of our seats and got bounced around between multiple guest services trying to find us different seats and whatever they did find was worst than what we paid for. We ended up missing 90% of the concert and ended up leaving early and waiting in the car for friends. Total bad experience. Not sure if I will ever get tickets for something there again.
5	Love this stadium!  one of the best with all different food options and lots of entertainment before games.
3	It is a perfectly fine place to watch a football game.  The club levels are all nice, albeit a bit boring in an Airport lounge kind of style.The site lines from the seats are all fine, but I don't like the 500 level from the closed end zone and would avoid it if I had any other options. It is very high and steep.The food is boring and expensive.  Yes they have "a little" Primantis.  Primantis elsewhere has 40 sandwiches; here they have two or three.  And so on.  You don't come here to eat.
5	They got it right!  Prices are not crazy, PSA to fans about being respectful.  I love my Steelers only thing I can say is, make the stadium bigger!  I want a season ticket darn-it!  Cannot wait to get back, GO STEELERS!
4	Do not go to Pittsburgh and miss out on the tour of Heinz Field. For $7 you really can't go wrong and the 90 min tour does not dissapoint. Whether you are a football fan or not (I am). And wheteher or not you are a Steelers fan or not (I am NOT), you will have a great time.You learn a great deal, you see the locker room, luxury suite, press box, and much more. Make the time for the tour and you will not be dissappointed.
5	Anything less than 5 stars? Child, please!Where else can you go to see the most successful NFL team and their six Lombardi trophies? Nowhere but here.Yes, I bleed black and gold as part of Steeler Nation. So, pouring rain and cold weather was not going to deter me from seeing the Steelers host their only Monday Night Football game this season.First off, @Tailgate32 was also visiting the 'Burgh as part of its cross-country road trip, so stopping by their RV pre-game was a must. I got to meet some cool people, including the Trupiano brothers, their support team and some other die-hard fans. I also enjoyed their complimentary food and drinks. A huge thank you to all of them for fun time in the rain.Of course, there was the game itself. I felt very fortunate walking into the stadium because:1. I got a ticket for only $50.2. My seat was in a great location, under cover in section 509.It didn't turn out to be a blowout game I expected, with the Steelers squeaking out a FG win in OT. Whew. Overall, it was a great time cheering, yelling and waiving my Terrible Towel with the other faithful fans. HERE WE GO STEELERS!
3	Great venue to catch a game (especially the suites).  Tailgating is top notch as well.  Lots of concession stands and the season ticket holders (Steelers) are fun people (even for this Giants fan).  Biggest drawback to the place is their lack of taking credit/debit cards.  And there are not enough ATM machines to counter the rush to get cash.  This has to improve!
3	I will preface this with the fact that I know less about the game of football and stadiums where it's played then I know about say nuclear fission.  So I will do a pro cons list,PROS-The Steelers were thereThe Stadium is massive it seats 65000The seats are GOLDCONS-No leg roomNo appetizing food choices- for seriously NOT a fan of Primanti never have been never will be , deal with it.  Oh heavens me,  people love the joint and it is so perfectly Pittsburgh that it would be odd had it not been inside Heinz field...but still. Dirty Fans( saw two young brats drop an entire bucket of half eaten chicken wings under the seats in front of me)and also had the father of the brats who was a loud mouth alpha male yelling obscenities at couch Tomlin while seated next to young children I paid top dollar to be seated just four rows from the field but I  left feeling that I had not gotten a good value for my money.  Everything seemed to have just a layer of grime on it,  I did get there just 5 minutes shy of kickoff, so it's possible that fans had torn the stadium up earlier in the day. But Heinz field could use a hosing down. If I have learned anything from my experience at professional football, I'd pay a lower ticket price to be further away because the atmosphere all through was energized and fun.
4	As a lifelong Buffalo Bills fan, it was hard for me to like Heinz Field.  After all, it houses a competitor.  I've been near the stadium on several occasions but finally got the chance to be inside for the Steelers vs. Cleveland game on Sunday,  I have to admit, I was impressed.  We had seats in the second last row of the end zone, but  could still easily see the action on the field.  There was also enough room that I didn't feel over crowded. One thing I did find odd was that the cup holders were at an angle, so if you put a full drink in them, it spilled.  After paying $8 for a beer, I was upset to lose even a few small drops.There was also A LOT of walking to get up to our seats.  Yes, I know we were up in the nose bleeds, but it felt like we were walking forever.  There has to be a more efficient way to get up there than the way it keeps winding around and around.Concessions were pricey, but that is to be expected at any sporting event.  I did like the fact that you got one free refill on your pop.  On the upper levels, you were somewhat limited compared to the lower level that had options like Quaker Steak and Primantis in addition to the traditional concession options.  What surprised me (and I wish I would have known about before Sunday) was that unlike most other stadiums, you can actually bring non alcoholic beverages and snacks into the stadium!  Bathrooms were cleaner than I expected for a football game and are one of the few places that have heat (which is a welcome treat on a cold and snowy day).  There is plenty of parking near the stadium, but it will cost you.  We parked across the river downtown and took the T over and it only cost $5 (instead of the $30 to $50 per space prices we were seeing near the stadium).Overall, an enjoyable experience in a clean, well constructed stadium.
4	Heinz Field is an OK place to watch a football game, but I've experienced better venues. I gave it an extra rating star because I grew up in Pittsburgh and I'm a Steelers fan, so this is one place where I feel "at home".I can't comment on the food as I've only drank beer when at the games, and what I've always done is buy the cheapest nosebleed seat I could and then just stood on the top of the walkways on the south end. I can only see about 80% of the field from up there but the tradeoff IMO is a good one as (1) I don't have to climb over anyone to get a beer or use the washroom any time I want (2) I can turn around and enjoy the view of the river/skyline/Mt. Washington during timeouts rather than the cheesy "entertainment" you see at NFL venues nowadays and (3)  I can avoid the sardine can feeling.Can't wait for my next Steelers game at Heinz Field. Look for me standing in the southeast corner walkway. Go Steelers!
5	Interesting to read through all these reviews and see them all over the place. I loved this venue for watching the Steelers do their thing, and I am certainly NOT going to review the team here, just the stadium. There's an awesome view from almost every seat, even the "cheap seats," which unfortunately aren't so cheap.Concessions were actually faster and better than most pro sports places I've been previously, and the prices were also pretty much the same (high) - one of my gripes with pro sports in general is that it costs an average family of 4 a fortune to enjoy a pro game in any major pro sport, so this isn't really a surprise. I think my beer was $8 for a 24 oz cup of Yuengling. Hot dogs could be done with a little more pizzazz. Franktuary and Station Street guys, are you reading this? Why not try and strike up a conversation with the Heinz Field folks like other Pittsburgh "favorites" so we can enjoy some variety here?I liked walking around and watching the tailgaters, and stopped in to a nearby steakhouse to have a few beers with friends before the game - it's a nice, convenient sports area, anchored by this great open-air stadium. One of my big questions is: why are there so few events there? Tax base? I would think a stadium like this could host an amazing plethora of rock concerts all Summer long!!!Either way, I loved my experience here, and will definitely be back.
4	This stadium when empty has nothing really spectacular about it. You may even be unimpressed.Just be sureo go when the Steel City faithful have the house packed.......
5	Do not go to Pittsburgh and miss out on the tour of Heinz Field. For $7 you really can't go wrong and the 90 minute tour does not disappoint. Every Steeler Fan has got to take this tour at least once. You learn a great deal, lots of Steeler memorabilia; the old lockers from three Rivers Stadium with some of the 70's great's items in them, all 6 Lombardi Trophies are on display, you see the locker room, luxury suite, press box, and much more. Make the time for the tour and you will not be disappointed.They only take cash, no plastic.
4	Lifelong Steelers fan, this was my first visit to Heinz Field.  What an experience.  If you're a Steelers fan and you've never been, make the trip.If you're sitting in the upper section under the overhang, prepare for a workout, those stairs are steep and brutal.
4	I went for the PITT vs NYG preseason game last minute.  A really nice stadium, and I'm a college football fan rather than NFL.  The concessions stands move pretty fast.  In the first quarter, if you're a designated driver, go to one of the main entrances and sign their pledge and you'll get a free soda/pop ticket.  More than enough bathrooms, which is a plus.  Word of the wise, new NFL bag policies so ladies, bring a wristlet and leave the large bags at home to avoid the long walk back to your car and back to the stadium
5	Great experience for this Steelers fan from Maryland.  Tour was an eye opening and informative experience that any fan would appreciate. Loved it!
5	How can anyone possibly dislike Heinz Field? It's the mecca of Steelers football, for goodness sake. However, I do have to say that my experiences here have been a bit spoiling. My husband and I have been here three times together through work and have either sat in our workplace's suite or in special bleacher seats all three times. Outside of great seats, I think the stadium is in great shape and well taken care of. The stadium is only 12 years old, so hopefully it will continue to look this nice over the years. Knowing the pride that Pittsburgh takes in its Steelers football, I have no doubt that it will still look new, even in 50 years.
5	Came from Chicago to see our Bears play the Steelers.  I loved the seating, very comfortable and great views of the field.  Nice ushers.  We could go down by the field prior to the game.  No one bothers you as far as the ushers are concerned.   They let you enjoy seeing all the players on the field.  We saw Ashton Kutcher and his girlfriend and many of the coaches, players.  Got plenty of pictures.  The stadiums big screen can be seen from all angles of the park.  We were happy with the ushers, since the Bear fans in some cases were targets. Some fans were very bitter, but the vast majority were gracious.  The Chicago Bears won big and are 3-0, while Pittsburgh is now 0-3, but we are rooting for them in England this upcoming weekend against the Minnesota Vikings!  Go PITTSBURGH!
5	As a life long Steeler fan I finally saw the Steelers play in Heinz Field!  The stadium is beautiful and not a bad seat in the house.  I sat in the Club level, they had a great selection of food, even sushi.  The club level had full liquor bars as well as beer and wine.  Once again beautiful stadium with comfortable seats.
5	Came here on 10/20 for my first Steelers (and NFL) game. I got to see my boys beat the Ravens at home (suck it Flacco!) That alone gets 5 stars! Came back here on 10/21 and did the tour. The woman who walked us through the stadium was so sweet. Awesome experience in a awesome city; I can't wait to do it again!
5	Can't say much about the Steelers, but U2 was fantastic.
5	Was in town for the Steelers game of course!  Drove around the area the night before and the stadium just happened to be open....not to walk around the whole thing, but at least to walk in and go into the store, which was exciting!!!  Day of game was awesome...pleasant staff!  Stadium is HUGE and beautiful!!!  Loved seeing the walk of fame and all the other awards along the stadium in cases.  Good location, easy to find, plenty of parking!  Sat in section 529 which yes, was up high, but still a perfect view of the field!  Can't wait to return!!!!
4	I didn't fall in love with Heinz stadium like I did with PNC park, but still it was fun to go to my first NFL game here. Sideline passes let us watch the players warm up on the field. It was cool to see them interacting with the guests. The weather here for games can be absolutely brutal. My toes were numb by the end, even after spending halftime inside. We had club level seats, but the crowds were all jammed inside so there was nowhere to sit and barely room to even move. I can't see myself coming back here soon. The prices are outrageous - $50 for parking. Seriously? I'd prefer to enjoy a pirates game in the summer.
5	Beautiful Stadium. Went on a 68 degree afternoon in september and it was amazing. Great place to catch a game, and i could only imagine the environment for steelers football. Worth the trip from Miami to check it out.
5	Not only does this field house the best team in the NFL :) ... It is also a beautiful stadium! There are far less douchebags who frequent this place as well . Lol. To one side of the stadium there is Three Rivers Park and a lovely view of the Allegheny River..I think the big duck is gone now .. Sigh .. But still a fabulous view . Well worth the trip .
5	I've sat high, I've sat close.  It doesn't matter, there isn't a bad seat in the house.I'm a biased reviewer as I am a die hard Steelers fan.  However, I love the way this stadium was designed.  The south end views of the rivers, hills and city are stunning.If you're a Steelers fan you have to bite the ticket price bullet and spend a Sunday watching the black & gold here.  There's nothing quite like it.
3	There isn't a bad seat in the house.  And the Great Hall is nice.  But the stadium is fairly generic.  I also don't like the fact that the Steelers have to share it with Pitt.  A team with the following of the Steelers should have a place of its own.  I do like the way it sits on the river.  However, if you compare PNC Park (Pirates home) with Heinz Field, it's quite a drop down in ambiance.  And getting through security is very unorganized and is a tremendous hassle.  Getting in and out of the stadium area before and after games is also a chore.  Arrive way early and prepare to wait after the games.
5	Went on a tour of Heinz Field and Bob was our guide.  Bob did a great job we had so much fun an experience everyone should enjoy.
4	One of the best stadiums I've been to. Ushers while off seats before you sit down. Bathrooms clean. Live band before the game. Yes, concession lines are long, but they go surprisingly fast. And a great variety drinks and food that your stomach won't regret. And the fans talk great "friendly" trash! (we were there for the opposition, but still had a great time w/ the fans) Didn't give it all 5 stars because unlike other cold-weather open stadiums I've been to, there's no outdoor heated sitting area. You'd have to opt for expensive club seats in the winter... So only summer/late fall games for me!
3	I dont really know how to go about this review. We honestly had a blast at the game. My boss couldn't make it and somehow chose me to give his 2 club seat tickets to. The club itself (Hyundai West Club) was really nice. We didn't even have to leave the area.. food, like 5 different bars, a build your own sundae bar, SUSHI (Nakama Express) & restrooms for what seemed like ever single section. It was really nice time and honestly my only chance at scoring free tickets lol. The reason for my average rating is I feel like the stadium itself could have been a little better.. mostly the view. If they could have just shifted  the entire stadium a little then you would've had that awesome "PNC Park type-of-view" I could see some of the beloved downtown, but mainly just the tops of the buildings due to the long ramps..... So basically the stadium gets an "A-Ok" (Average) rating. With a little more thought it could've been even more beautiful. Anyways, the view of the field was nice and it seemed like regarding that, they are all nice seats. We did really enjoy our time and the game though :)
5	This was my first time at the stadium and what a great experience! I was walking around the city and there were guys selling tickets for the game. I passed them up a few times and than I said WHY NOT! You have to live a little. Furthermore,  I grew up in Pa but never went to a Steelers game. I purchased some tickets from a guy selling them near the stadium. I was really surprised at how many people were selling tickets. I got great seats for half the price. What a view! When we first walked up to the stadium it was the lights, the activity and the fans were awesome! We stood in line and found out that all items have to be in a clear plastic bag. No problem. I just threw away my food bag. It was easy to get to our seats. You either took the elevator or the escalator. This was a great experience and now I can say that I have actually been to Heinz Field as a true Steelers fan. I enjoyed the experience.
5	Great venue.  Not a bad seat in the place. Restrooms are kept clean. Food and drink vendors are excellent.  Escalators all the way to the top.  Ample parking.   Highly recommended.
5	Great place went to my first game ever at Heinz Field Sept 28th .... To bad they lost to Tampa Bay but the whole experience was great ... From Stage AE ... To the festivities on the streets in front of stadium... The security was great and made me feel safe ... All the workers from merchandise stands to food venders , to ushers wiping my seats off ..... Everyone was great met Brandon Wrobel at stage AE whom works with steelers and gave me a card if needed help with tickets contact him in future .... The only thing was leaving didn't feel safe with cars trying to leave parking lots and people walking thru .... We took our time to get where we were going to go back to our hotel ... So we weren't in a rush but that was the only problem which want a problem for us but could see how it was for others...... But def will be back again the day and experience was nice and the city was great
5	I have watched a game here and most recently done a walk up tour.  Gotta say...this place is pretty great.  When there for a game, there are great sightlines and the facility is well kept.  Long lines, but no more than anywhere else on Steelers gameday.  The tours are well worth the time.  $8 for a walk up tour, which takes about and hour and a half and includes over a mile of walking.  It covers everything - from the field to the locker rooms to the press box.  They don't let you walk on the grass, but you can get down to field level, which is still pretty cool.
5	GREAT stadium! Outstanding venue to watch the Steelers dominate! Needs more bathrooms outside the stadium though for tailgaters.
4	I love this stadium. The only better view you might find is from PNC Park and really, they're both fantastic. Not a bad seat in the house, though I have to say sitting in club seats really hits the spot. I'm spoiled at this point. (Scored tickets from Pitt's admissions' department. Thanks!!!)Plenty of places to tailgate and if you're a gambler like me, you can get free parking  passes for the Rivers' lot. (Not really free, as I've spent enough to gain those comps.)I've been to Pitt and Steelers' games and concerts. It's a good venue. Overpriced food, but what stadium doesn't ridiculously charge for cheap beer and nachos.
5	Wow! I was so impressed with the organization, the cleanliness, that easy flow of how everything went at Sunday's game. I've been to several NFL games in my lifetime and this was the first at Heinz field and I was so impressed with the behavior, with the attitude, and how everything went so well.
5	Heinz Field is so good, they named a player after it (Heinz Ward). They also named a brand of beans after it, and a political wife (John Kerry's much, much, much prettier half.)A lot of locals were once miners (not minors... every local was once a minor unless their name is Benjamin Button or Benjamin Roethlisberger), and would spend a lot of time in the Pitts (hence the name of the city), and now they spend time here at this beautiful stadium.The only thing prettier that this amazing arena, is the view of it from the West End towering far above on the mountainside. One of the best views in America, nay, the world, nay, the Galaxy.It's an amazing arena, with amazing fans, and an amazing team. It's kind of small, but then so is Pittsburgh. It's a bit open to the wind at one end, you can see everything from the outside, but then the same can be said about the girls on E Carson St on a Saturday night, so it's apropos. Not to be confused with apropuss, which is my friend in Texas.****************If you want good food in Pitt try these:Mike and Tony's GyroMorty's Steakhouse Burger from Burgatory and their shakes tooTacos from outside Las Palmas on BrooklinePizza from Fioris PizzariaBluberry Pancakes from Pamela's P & G DinerAnything from Kelly O'sChocolate Malt w/Caramel shake and Fresh Lemonade from Handel'sCoconut shake from there too
4	How can I not give a good review of Heinz Field as a season ticket holder?  I just wish more concession stands sold popcorn!
