5	Love this place!  They have the best teri beef around.  And their spicy California rolls are quite tasty.
5	This place is awsome!!!! I have been looking for some good teriyaki in town. And I just found the right place. Price & Service as fast food joint, but their quality and taste is 5 star. I tried the Yogis Plate so that I can taste all of what they have to offer. My wife tried the B.B.Q. Short ribs and they are excellent. I have been going to Yogis since, and all my family and friends that I have introduced loves it. I was told the tempura was freshly battered and taste no other.  If you are tired of same fast food , try this joint out.
4	The number one reason I go here is for the salad that comes with.  The dressing is very memorable!I usually get  the plate here with teriyaki chicken, teriyaki beef and teriyaki shrimp.  It also comes with rice, the salad (so good!) and two orange wedges.The staff is friendly.  The place is clean, even the rest rooms.  There is plenty of seating and their portions are generous.Don't let my review make up your mind for you.  Just drive by the store front and roll the window down... I bet that'll be enough for you to park and hurry in!
5	I wish I can give this joint 6 stars!  Ive been going to Yogi's since I moved here bout 4 yrs ago.  When my best bud introduced me to this place.  Ive had various teriyaki places around vegas and Cali.  Teriyaki madness, Yoshinoyas, etc etc. And YYogi's by far is the best.When out-of-towners some in, I usually take them out there and no one has ever complained.  After our meal I can tell there good by that "Dang son this is some good teriyaki" look they get.I recommend good ol combo #6 as it comes with Beef and chicken and a green leafy side thing.  I believe yall call it salad.  Its actually tasty.  A good hearty lunch/dinner thats under 10 bones. Go there, or ill punch you in the face.
4	Great teriyaki place; seems a bit better than Teriyaki Madness.I really enjoy the teriyaki beef, then the chicken, but I wasn't a big fan of the shrimp.
4	This is my go to place whenever I'm on my own for lunch or dinner (the boyfriend isn't a big fan of teriyaki) It's quick, it's close, and it's good and you get big portions at a decent price. I love the teriyaki chicken and veggies. I've also had the tempura. . . not my fav, but not too bad either.
5	this place is DANKcheap, good quality chicken and beef teriyaki with rice and salad...the tempura is bomb also. only 6 bucks for the tempura...
3	I'm having a hard time rating this one because of the rice. Does that sound ridiculous? My boss from time to time will treat me to lunch and this is one of the places we had lunch at this past week. For starters, we always take it to go so we don't have any time to really get served. What I can say about the cashier is that he is very accommodating with offering extra Teriyaki sauce and chili sauce, and points out where the napkins, forks and spoons are. When we order over the phone, the voice always sounds so welcoming and friendly. I ordered Yogi's plate. The shrimp was a disappointment as the three were super small and butterflied for the effect of largeness - which did not succeed. As for the rice, not so good. for some reason, it goes hard after a few minutes and doesn't taste like the other Japanese rice I'm accustomed to. Cheap version perhaps? Although, the beef and chicken were full of flavor and goodness. I was very impressed with the taste of the meat. I was also in favor of their salad. The dressing tasted home made. Oh, I also ordered Shrimp Tempura which was very good. I would order this over and over again. I think this was my favorite in the whole menu. After reading my review, I have more pros on it than cons. I'm a fan of the service, meats, salad, and shrimp tempura. I'm not a fan of the dinky butterflied shrimp, and rice.Okay, I had this on 4 stars, but after thinking about it I just can't keep it at that.  I have to give it a 3 stars.  I'm just not convinced with the rice.  :(  Sorry.
4	I was tired of eating from the fast food places near my house, so I decided to give Yogi's Teriyaki House a try. This place reminds me of the Flame Broiler locations I used to order take out from when I lived in California. They offer a pretty simple menu with your choice of Teriyaki bowls and plates, Tempura, Salads, and a few sushi rolls. I decided to get the Chicken & Beef Plate. It was pretty good and they give you a good portion. It even comes with a small garden salad and sliced oranges. My only complaint is that some of the beef was kind of fatty so I had to throw those pieces away. But overall it was full of flavor and kept me full!Fast service, clean, and reasonable prices. They employees were friendly as well. They offered me extra teriyaki and hot sauce even though I didn't need it. I'll definitely be back!
3	The meat was so so. Some places have good meat and others don't. This is the latter.  Not sure how freshly cooked it was either. Maybe this place is better during a rush hour. Can't remember the bowl I had, bit it was the beef, chicken and shrimp one. The shrimp was ice cold.
4	i used to work across the street and call in my order. sadly, they knew me over the phone. now, i seldom come in but its still the bomb. large beef veggie all day.
5	I always get the same thing, but my friends do get other stuff and they agree it is great. I get the chicken teriyaki bowl with breast meat. Not only is it delicious but it is so much food, we always have left overs.
3	Yogi's usually hovers around the 3 star mark for me. Never great, but a solid lunch choice. If this review was based on just my last visit I would have given them two stars. So I ordered the regular beef teriyaki bowl with white rice to go. When I got back to the office I noticed that I was given a ton of rice and not much meat. I go there a lot because its close to my work, and I can tell you the usual portions in the beef bowls. This last time I would say 5 to 1 ratio of rice to meat. Not good, I am hoping it was a fluke since they normally are pretty good.
4	Free brown rice, free brown rice, free brown rice. FREE!You're probably thinking "I don't care."  You should care, however, because almost every other place in town charges for it.  Which makes no sense because it's RICE.   Meat portions and quality are also a steal. A chicken and beef plate (which includes rice and a salad) can easily feed two partially hungry adults for $6.99.  An impossible feat over at Teriyaki Madness.  The cuts and quality are not bad for the price -- you won't be chowing down on gristle, I promise.  Tempura and gyoza are also on the menu, if you're looking for a little grease.The restaurant is bare bones in terms of decor but it's located next to a eyebrow threading salon.  Teriyaki and pain, sounds like a night!
5	Compared to a place like Samurai Sams, this Yogi's wins hands down. The biggest thing I love about this place is that their rice is always good.You can have decent cuts of meat and a great salad, but when the meal consists of at least 50% rice, it makes a huge difference whether or not that rice is made right or disgustingly wrong.The prices are really good, and a plate of food is enough to feed 2 people easily. The best part about this place -- you can order in ahead of time, pick it up within 10 minutes, and be happily eating some good food back at work.
1	I think this will be my last time going there. Its getting obvious that they are cutting corners to save money. My beef teriyaki was kind of rubbery today and once again the meat to rice ratio was out of whack. Yogi's is going down hill.
4	Solid! Good sized portions, decent quality meat. Better than Samurai Sam's.
2	Starting to go down hill ... more rice , less meat.   The chicken was dry and the beef kind of flavorless.  I love the teriyaki sauce better than teriyaki madness , but i feel as they are trying to save money... and its hurting the quality of their food.
3	Avg place, not great, certainly not bad at all.  It's a simple rice and chicken or beef terriyaki place.  The beef was very good. Oh and they have brown rice as an option (no extra charge)  and I enjoyed it very much
5	Love yogis. The boyfriend and I love grabbing teriyaki when we don't feel like cooking. Free brown rice, which is always cooked well. Great portions and great teriyaki sauce. Its our go-to place for a lazy night in.
1	man! I was there two weeks ago with my friend. they food normally are very good, but this time we both got very bad food poisoning!!!!!! so bad that I was sick for two days straight. My friend got suprer sick that couldn't even work, he had to call in sick.............. I would never ever go to this place for sure.
4	Good basic teriyaki. I like the all white meat chicken teriyaki. Comes with plenty of food for a large meal or two small ones. Orders come up pretty quick and taste great. Will definitely be back!UPDATE 9/15/2012:I'm now a regular here. Still a great place to come if you're hungry and craving some delicious teriyaki. Lots of bang for your buck. The wife likes their beef teriyaki too!
5	The best place for me when I need my teriyaki fix. I always get chicken-veggie. Tried beef once, was all chewy. Fast service like everyone says.
2	I had the chicken bowl.  Tasty.
4	Good service.  Food is fresh!
4	The food here is simple and tasty.... a bit pricey but it's a bit more settling on the stomach than eating panda express or long john silvers.
4	I don't have the option for 3.5 stars so since most people deduct and go with 3, I decided to be generous and give it a 4. It is basically a good teriyaki place. Try their beef, it is much better than the chicken. Also it can be overwhelming with too much rice and meat so order veggies. Big plate plus tax is around 8 dollars. It will feed two people or it can be your lunch and dinner. It is a lot of food. I say this is better than panda
4	For those looking for a decent teriyaki place, this is it.Skip all the fast food places that surround this place. These guys are kind of hidden in the back. But once you find it, your taste buds and stomach will thank you later. For those that are familiar with Flame Broiler in So Cal, these guys are pretty similar.What I got was the #11 Chicken and Beef Combo Plate with Vegetables and Brown Rice. Right away I am liking the fact that they don't charge you extra for the brown rice. The vegetables, which they give you good portions of, are consisted of broccoli, cabbage, and sliced carrots. The teriyaki sauce they have there are in big squeeze bottles. They also have sriracha for you spice heads. They have many other choices besides chicken and beef like short ribs, fish, tempura, miso soup, and California rolls.Prices are a bit cheaper than Teriyaki Madness and their customer service is very good.Too bad this is the only location they have because I live over by Aliante and this is kind of a drive for me so im jealous of those that work and/or live around this area.
1	The food here is reasonably priced for its portions. I love the huge sushi rolls they sell and would come to this place more often except for one small problem. The lady at the register is extremely rude. She has no customer service skills and has a very dry personality even if you try to be positive with her she is absolutely blank. This is really unfortunate considering the place seemingly has a positive energy. Try not to ask her too many questions about the menu she will get pretty irritated, so after you receive your meal make sure not to listen to the sly comments she makes under her breath as you walk out the door. Be extremely polite to her or she will give you a dirty look. Other than that the food is good but not worth the experience. If she is at the register is rather eat elsewhere.
1	DO NOT USE YOUR DEBIT CARD HERE! I ate at Yogi's for the first time on December 20th, and two days later over $600 in fraudulent LOCAL charges hit my account from Walmart, Walgreens, and Redbox. B of A Fraud Department believes the fraud originated at Yogi's. There is an open investigation involving B of A and Metro. BE WARNED! Don't let yourself be victimized. This establishment obviously hires people with compromised values who are capable of robbing people right before Christmas.
5	Great teriyaki!!!!! The best teriyaki I have had since moving from Portland. I highly recommend the tempura veggies and teriyaki beef.
5	This place has always been me & my family's favorite!
5	My family and I have enjoyed take out from Yogi's for years and the quality of their food is always as expected. Their portions are great for the price!Simply put, if you want some good teriyaki, Yogi's will not disappoint!
5	Love this place! Been coming here since '07. Everything here is good; my fave is their teriyaki beef(very flavorful, tender). Their teriyaki sauce is different from the other teriyaki joints and is the best! Too bad we live far away, otherwise we would be here regularly.
5	I was on the other side of town for me and stopped in for a quick bite. I had chicken and beef bowl. The beef was my favorite. I liked that it had an ever so slight char to it. I grabbed two more bowls for friends on the way out. I wish Yogi's was closer to home. I told several friends and will make an excuse to stop back for sure!
1	chicken is chopped to bits... and does not cover the whole bowl and its very little... not enough chicken to go with my rice.... this place has watered down sauce......
1	This place has okay food and prices, but customer service is one of the worst I've ever seen. They don't ever smile or act polite, even by your 30th visit. That's not how you treat regular customers. Also very stingy with sauce, extremely unwilling to give extra, and last time I went my meat was completely charred. Needless to say that was my last time ever eating here, they can keep their 1 extra sauce and continue practicing rude customer service if they think it's worth losing a regular customer over it.
3	Giving 3 stars just because of the food But that highschool drop out of an employee needs to Learn some people skills because the way she treats the customers is horrible Been going there for about 2 years The cashier has always been the same one Always acts indifferent and rude but that's ok with me I just come for the food But today was the last straw Super rude over the phone while she was taking my order that piercing on her face The rude unprofessional cashier Needs to be fired because it's of her that a lot of customer stay away from the wonderfull food they have here Other then that cancer they have taking your orders Don't have anything bad to say Maybe if they fire her I'll come back and spend my money other then that Just be careful not to piss her off Hahaha
5	I look to see pictures and read reviews before I go to the place. Just and FYI the girl that has all the bad reviews no longer works there (I asked), hahaha, but overall the food if good and very filling, the princes are fair. I would recommend to try.
5	The food is amazing here! The small bowl is a perfect portion. My favorite is the all chicken one, but I occasionally get the half beef/half chicken one. I always order a head of time since it can take a while to prepare the food. But, that does not make this place any less amazing. Also, pour the extra teriyaki sauce and siracha on your meal, you won't regret it!
5	I recommend eating here. They even offer brown rice as a substitution to the white rice! Service is friendly here, and the foods great too. I came with my GF and we order a chicken/beef plate, and a need rib plate. They even cook in the front of house so you know it's fresh! Will be coming back
5	Great food, quick service! If you're craving a teriyaki chicken bowl that's a perfect portion for lunch, stop by here! I ordered their ridiculously priced chicken teriyaki bowl special for $6.98! That includes a small teriyaki chicken bowl with rice and a fountain drink. My husband ordered the large portion, of course.Also, their shrimp tempura is very good. Like other reviewers stated, the batter is very light and doesn't overwhelm the shrimp. Basically, you actually get half shrimp and half batter in each bite instead of the usual all batter and no shrimp bite!Lastly, when my husband and I went, the staff that worked that day were openly dedicated and friendly. Their outdoor sign displaying the chicken bowl special fell over and one worker immediately went out and set it up again. Small things like that earn brownie points with me.
4	Such a horrible yelper..been coming for awhile now. Great little spot for a good lunch. Don't forget the tempura. The portions are a great size in my opinion. I have tried everything there except the shrimp and have no complaints. My personal favorite is the chicken/beef bowl with vegetables.
4	One of my favorite places to go. The prices are excellent for the amount of food you receive. The quality does require A BIT more work, but considering the time that it takes vs the amount of customers I'm not to distraught over any of it. They'll continue to have my business for a good long while.
4	Liked it. I would go again. Way better than that "other" teriyaki place. (I won't name names because I don't like to bad-mouth.) But, yeah, it was yummy.
3	Overpriced for the quality and taste. They don't take American Express.
4	I'm giving this place 4 stars instead of 5 because it's over priced... I chose this place because it's near my best friends office and I have been craving teriyaki chicken... For a large to go box it was over $7 which includes on the food, no drink. I prefer Sakura on west Craig but it's out if the way.... Besides the prices that food was actually really good and I will eat here again when ever I'm visiting my friend
2	We used to come here often way before Yelp was around and it has changed. I read some of the reviews about people saying how great the portion size are. I must've warped into the future when minimum wage is $15/hr because all I got was a bowl full of rice and a thin layer of meat laid on top (chicken/beef). The meat must've been less than a quarter pound before cooking and the beef was almost all fat. I really wished I took pics of how measly the meat portion size was. For the same amount spent, I'm going to Samaurai Sams or Teryaki Madness.I really want to give them a 1 Star, but service was decent. Portion size = BAD. If you look at my review history, I usually rate places high. Sorry Yogi's.....you just couldn't make the cut. I really am that annoyed after looking at the pictures other people posted and compared to what you have served me today.
5	One of the few places I would recommend the beef over the chicken.  Somehow it feels lighter.  But the portions are huge and the veggies are fresh!I love this place.  It could be cheaper but I would rather pay the price up front instead of getting nickel'd and dime'd at samurai sams and Teriyaki Madness.
4	Quick service, decent price, and the place is clean. The food taste good :) This place is just like panda express except they only have teriyaki plate and it less crowded.
3	The teriyaki here was ok. I came by for takeout and ordered the chicken and steak teriyaki combination plate. The servers were quick and I was out the door quickly. The food was decent, but the meat was cut a little differently than most. It was chopped into smaller pieces which I didn't love. The sauce was a little sweeter and thicker than I like, but overall the food was good.
5	My FAVORITE teriyaki place in Vegas. The best teriyaki sauce and the meat is cooked just right. Plus, you get a lot for the price you pay.
