5	My boyfriend and I recently moved to Gilbert and have patiently watched and waited as this establishment was being built. We've since been there twice first for dinner and second for pastries. Dinner was definitely very busy (as it was opening night) but our food was delicous. The restaurant seemed a slight more upscale than the Paneras we've been to in the past,  in terms of variety of ingredients and a slight higher cost. Though the portions were very big so next time we will probably stick with half sandwhiches instead of full. I got the chicken pesto panni (which half went home as leftovers) and he got the cheese melt sandwich. The chips were different and complemented the sandwich well.The desserts we got were very delicious. My particular favorites were the double fudge brownies and chocolate mousse domes.We will definitely be dining here again in the future. The staff was very friendly and quickly fixed some dessert mix ups for us.
2	Stopped in for lunch during their opening week. Whoa, not sure I've ever seen (or thought possible) a sandwich place to be so busy. Waited patiently in line to order, got the turkey artichoke I believe, on focaccia and also the tomato soup.  I got VERY lucky and snagged a table that was still dirty but since it was the only one in the entire place I didn't care.I got the food quicker than I expected considering how busy it was.  The sandwich had good flavor, but I wish there was more to it.  It was more bread than anything else.  The chips that came with it, or that were supposed to come with it, were just crumbs mixed with cheese.  I wondered if this is what they were supposed to be like, but looked around and saw people eating actual chips so I figured I just got the bag of crumbs at the bottom of the barrel. :(  Also the soup was just OK.I loved the little retail section which has a lot of cute, unique items for sale (which could be dangerous while waiting for your food!).The service was friendly, and I think I will give them another chance in hopes that they just need to work out some kinks after the initial opening.
4	Great sandwiches and French toast!  Not a fan of the soup. Favorite sandwich is the turkey avocado--my husband and I order it on the baguette. Sandwich is huge!  Great for leftovers. Went to this location for the first time today. Tried a key lime tart and it was yummy!  Love that it has a drive thru.
3	Drive thru is slow... don't stop if you are short on time. I thought the menu was far too pricey to make this a normal stop. Coffee options are limited so the Starbucks next door shouldn't be worried. I got a cinnamon roll and it was moist, fresh and yummy. My husband got the sausage croissent sandwich and he liked it a lot.  I think our total for both items was under $10, but the lunch items seemed to be much higher. Won't be stopping again anytime soon. There are far too many options like this in the valley already...
1	It took over half hour to get a salad and a sandwich order. With kids wanting their sticky bun orders it was not a relaxing night out.
4	Turkey avocado on French country will change your views on what a sandwich is capable of...it's that good. Top it off with raspberry bread pudding and your taste buds will thank you profusely:)
2	1 Star for service3 Stars for the food*Averages to a 2 Star experience at this location because, Meh...I've experienced better.*Let me preface this review by saying....I have had better experiences at other Kneaders Bakery locations (in Utah.) I am hoping it was just an "off" day or something?Oh my goodness the drive through was so slow, and the customer service by both the girl who took my order & the one at window was horrible. Not sure if window girl was just flustered due to being busy or maybe having a bad day but yikes. She was not pleasant or personable. She snatched my credit card from my hand with attitude and tossed my food at me through my car window after i paid. Recommendations for food: - Turkey Bacon Avocado Salad w/ranch (or) Turkey Bacon Avocado on Focaccia (same as the salad but on bread.) The turkey is roasted and pulled/shredded which is delightful and the bacon is crispy.- Turkey Cranberry Sunflower Salad. The poppy seed dressing is scrumptious.- Cinnamon French Toast for breakfast is awesome, if you dine-in it's all you can eat. It's served with fresh strawberries and a caramel syrup that makes you want to lick the plate when you are finished. I sure hope this location gets their house in order, if their customer service is made a priority then maybe their rating would come up. Go for the food, not the service!
2	We saw the place being built and were hoping it would be a good bakery close to our home.  Well...meh....It wasn't really bad, but it was nothing special (and over-priced).  We got two loaves of bread, and even though they were supposed to be very different they were pretty ordinary.  We didn't try their sandwiches, so can't comment on that part of their offerings.  But we like the bread at Great Harvest, and Whole Grain bakeries better.  And they're less expensive.  Disappointing because both those places are a lot further from our house.
4	Idk why people complain about this place so much I've never had a problem at either of the east valley locations. I've had the French toast and it is AMAZING the syrup is even better, my daughter liked the pancakes, breakfast sandwich on a croissant was great, the cinnamon rolls are mediocre not worth the calories or money. I've had a couple different sandwiches all were great, tried the artichoke portobello soup  tonight and it's pretty tasty, chicken noodle soup is really good too. My daughter and I shared a mint brownie and it was pretty good, wish the mint layer was thicker though. I've also had the apple bread pudding which was good, would be amazing with a good creamy bourbon sauce. The line is long but it goes pretty quick, my biggest issue is that there isn't someone making sure to wipe the tables off when someone leaves, tables are always dirty; and tonight it was FREEZING in there, I heard several people complain and move tables to try and find a seat that wasn't soo cold. In the summer that wouldn't be a complaint :)
1	Our first visit to Kneaders was a disappointment. We understand it's tough opening a new business having launched several successful ones of our own over the last 30+ years, so where do we start?How about when we opened the door and it crashed against the large potted plant outside the entry because the pneumatic door closer had come apart. This is a new location and yet no one was addressing the problem, even though several customers AND employees went through it during the 12 (yes twelve) minutes it took waiting to pay for our bread.Which brings us to the service. Not once were we ever welcomed or even greeted by the numerous staff that looked at us while we entered and then waited. Not that there was a long line mind you... only one woman in front if us with two well behaved young boys who took a long time deciding what to order at the ONLY register that was staffed. Even though there was a second register next to the one where we waited no one came to assist. Not the employee who looked to be the manager that walked up, stood right there, shook hands with a younger man to the left of the register and then proceeded to share a conversation the entire time we waited. Nor did the girl who walked up to the register and punched a few buttons as she sucked on the straw of her drink. Nor did the girl taking the woman's order ask any of the SEVERAL employees standing behind the counter to assist us, even though she saw us standing there because the woman in front of me was not large. They obviously take their name to heart, because anyone who bakes knows that if you knead your dough too much it gets tough. This morning when I tried to cut our cinnamon chunk bread it was so tough I could hardly get a bread knife through it. As for texture, though I've never chewed a sponge that was my first mental image because I had difficulty getting the first bite sufficiently masticated to swallow. Taste was also off and quite unlike any cinnamon bread or roll I've ever eaten, and not in a good way. Sara Lee cinnamon bread from the days old bakery store is FAR superior.After one bite both my slice and my wife's went in the garbage. My wife and I  briefly discussed taking the bread back for a refund but the thought of driving there then waiting another 12 minutes made us decide to throw the whole loaf in the trash and write it off as a learning experience... even though we hate, hate, hate wasting food.Whoever wrote the franchisee operations manual, should include instructions to spend time in Wildflower and Paradise Bakery stores to see what customer service and quality are all about.I could easily have made a fuss and probably would have been justified doing so, but that would have gotten my evening off to a bad start so we waited our 12 minutes, paid, said thank you and left, being careful not to smash the door against the planter a second time... even though the employee seconds behind us was not so careful. I wonder how much more it costs to replace door glass than fix a pneumatic closer.This location is fortunate to be located next to a COSTCO and a Deseret Bookstore because that proximity is the only reason we can imagine anyone bothering to enter more than once.
2	The food is great but the service is not very good. My sister and I have been waiting for our order for fifteen minutes, we've been watching it sit in the kitchen (the entire order) for about five. There is no line, and there are at least three people working the front counter.
5	Going to a new restaurant and complaining about wait times is like going to Disneyland and complaining about the lines for the rides. I went today around lunch time and there were 3 people in front of me. From stepping in to food on table, 10 mins max. The sandwich was full of meat and full of flavor. BTW... you can get extra meat if you request it...it is in BIG BOLD LETTERS on the menu. The pastries were awesome! This place is definitely better than Paradise. It is new, and the staff is still getting in their groove. The service is not out of this world, but you are at a dang sandwich shop. I can not stand when I walk in a fast food place and everyone from behind the counters yells WELCOME!!!! I digress
1	Sooo disappointed in this place. I heard it was similar to Pandera but it is far from! The first time I went, I asked for a menu and they couldn't find any. I checked online and their site only partially works, so I went through their drive thru and the girl taking orders was listening challenged. I had to repeat my order several times before she finally got it. I still though I should give them another try so I went again today and asked if they could make me a whole pb&j sandwich. I know that they have a half one on their kids menu so it wasn't like I was asking for something special. I said that I would pay extra for it and they said no, they couldn't do that. Really?! Wow! I won't be back.
3	Went here with some girls friends on a Wed evening. We usually go to PB Bakery...but wanted a change. Of course it's very hard not to compare the two. Overall I think the portions of soup and sandwich were smaller than I expected. I had the Gorgonzola mushroom soup and it had great flavor. I also had the vegetarian sandwich...I am pretty sure they forgot the cucumber...but I usually pick that out so all was good. There was about a 2 minute wait and they were out of detailed menus but the staff did their best to guide you through what was on everything. The best part of the experience...the apple bread pudding!!! WOW! I will he back for that...and to try breakfast!! 3 stars because I think they are a little overpriced for what you get.
1	One register open. Late Saturday afternoon. We came to try their salads.  12 people in a line that is moving at a snails pace.  The baked goods were well presented, you notice this because you are looking at them for about 20 minutes.  The menu on the wall is vague.  It names salads but no descriptions.  What type of lettuce?  What type of dressings are available?  Is the meat flavored?  What is on the salad? We didn't want to ask questions as others ahead of us were and it took so long to get answers.  We took a gamble and each ordered two different salads and coffee.The coffee in the carafe must have been sitting all day.  I could have poured it on my wrist like testing the heat for a baby bottle and it would have been just right.  I couldn't get anyone's attention to ask for more to be made so I dumped my cold java and filled my cup with soda.  Tried to search for a clean table.  None.  they had been cleared, but not wiped.  Crumbs and smear on every table.  This was the same the entire length of our time there.  Trays were pulled off tables, but never wiped.  While you are sitting waiting for your food as an order comes up the "server" tromps through the aisles announcing "Joe" "Joe" "Joe" "Joe" "Joe"  until Joe raises his hand.  This constant calling of names to find the person who placed the order is ridiculous.  There is technology for that...Pagers, cards on tables, and so forth.  This constant calling of names adds to the noise pollution that comes with tile floors and marble tables.  This place is noisier than a McDonalds with a Playplace.The salads were ordered to eat in.  They arrived in a square clear plastic flip lid container like you would get at a grocery store salad bar.  They were very small in size ( smaller than a half salad at what I thought would be a comparable restaurant) and had no dressing options.  I didn't come to a restaurant to eat a skimpy salad with a plastic fork out of a plastic container.  I went up to get an extra napkin.  There was a worker moving the empty lemon container around (not filling it).  I kindly said excuse me as I reached for a napkin and she acted like I was bothering her.Some people may like the gift items they have incorporated to sell at the entrance.  If I want gifty items like a replica of my Granny's apron I will go to a nursing home Bazaar in the fall, or a cutesy gift shop.  This space could be better utilized for traffic flow.This was 1 hour of my life and $21 of my money I will not get back.  I will not even give this place a second chance as it wasn't even a scenario of hitting a bad day.  They just have processes that just won't be remedied without a total transformation of policies.
2	They do not allow any substitutions and are very rigid. Except when they needed to make a substitution. Sandwiches, salads and soups are much smaller in size than Paradise Bakery with same price.  Unimpressed, will not return.
4	If you can get past waiting in a long line, the food is worth it! They have many different delicious desserts, and their sandwiches as quite good as well! This is a place you should try at least once!
3	Cute little place, my mom took me here after raving at how good it was. I don't mind waiting in a decent line-seeing previous complaints I would say there is ALWAYS a line but they're decent at moving it along. I got a kick ass Reuben panini and broccoli soup, good stuff and quality ingredients but I could get the same at Panera or something similar. I do prefer smaller local restaurants so I would still prefer this place. My mom is a bit on the scatterbrained side so the next part could be slightly blamed on the confusion she causes: we ordered 20 specialty cookies and after our food was delivered we were told they were set aside and ready to be picked up on the way out, along with some hot Irish soda bread-unfortunately one of the younger, more frantic looking food servers decided to sell all 3 boxes to someone else while we were eating and the same server snagged the other half of my sandwich and tossed it while I was in line waiting for my now nonexistent, already paid for cookies. When they disappeared everyone seemed to look around at each other in disbelief instead of giving any real explanation.  Poor counter girl looked frustrated with her younger timid coworkers when we explained what happened and offered all she could while doing what I refer to as "facepalm," haha. They ended up boxing up some fresh baked cookies for us within minutes instead of having to refund us, minus any real apology. I would still definitely come back because it's a cute atmosphere with awesome baked goods and treats. My cinnamon, white chocolate, caramel apple saved the day though, given my sudden interest in every caramel apple offered in Phoenix! I would recommend still giving this place a try but keep in mind that it seems like they are not quite a well-oiled machine, not much communication going on back there it seems. For such a high-volume, busy place they should really get everyone on the same page so someone less patient and understanding doesn't flip out over some damn four clover cookies. ;)
5	This is the place to go if you want a good fresh sandwich....totally knocks all the other places out of the water. The soups are very good (broc and ched) and the cookies are amazing. I am a huge cookie monster!! NOM NOM NOM!!! You will see a lot of Romney's and Osmonds on some night ;)
3	I had an egg cheese and ham Sandwhich for breakfast.  It was good enough that I would definitely return to this place and try other items.  I arrived early so I didn't experience the lines that other reviewers have mentioned.  I write this though a line is forming.  The flow of the restaurant is not great.  It lends itself to the creation of bottlenecks (long lines).  They do have two registers but they are very close to one and other and they seem hesitant to open it.  The dining room is also chopped up do the place can feel small and overly busy. The person who helped me at the register was very friendly.  That aside the spirit of service doesn't seem to be quite as high as it is at paradise bakery or a chick file. A decent stop though if you are killing time by Costco.
1	My wife ordered a salad and there was 2 lettuce cores in it.  She asked for another salad and we took it to go. when she got to work the next day and started eating the salad the same cores were in the salad.  they didn't give her a new one the rearranged the lettuce to the top.I called the Manager and he just said bring it back and we will replace it.  "take your salad and stick it buddy"  we are never going back.
2	I've been to Kneaders twice now and both times for breakfast.  It is a cutely decorated store with lots of goodies to look at while in line.  The lines both times were fairly long; there were even lines out the door.  It takes a while to order but once you do, the food comes quickly.The first time I was there, I had a breakfast sandwich.  It felt and tasted like it was made int he microwave.  It wasn't great.  At that time, I also ordered a mint chocolate brownie and I was thoroughly disappointed as it was very dry.  This is a case where it LOOKED better than it tasted.The second time in, I ordered the french toast.  It was delicious.  It seems to be a popular item for them and I can see why.  That will definitely be my choice for breakfast there from now on.I have yet to try Kneaders for lunch and as soon as I do, I may amend my rating.  I will also try a different bakery item so that I can see if it was just a fluke or if their baked goods just aren't any good.
1	I've heard that these guys are all the rage for breakfast. I've tried to go to the Mesa location for months and the lines are so slow that I've never been able to take the time. So... I was excited when they opened this one and I waited a few weeks for the "new" to wear off so I could give it a try. Sheesh.. what a disappointment. Slow lines, rude staff, I actually walked out and have still never eaten there. I could drive to Tucson and back for breakfast in the time it takes to have a meal at Kneaders. If you have a life or a job... you don;t have time for these guys! I guess that's why the place is full of stay at home moms and their kids...
5	Well I was a little hesitant about going with the reviews below. But... I thought it was great. I had a panini and desert. The sandwich was perfect. The sample bread was delish. I bake a lot so I am picky about deserts but the key lime tart was amazing. Overall I liked the seating and the food selection. After going to Paradise Bakery for over 100 visits in the last few years, I am excited to have them in the San Tan area.
2	My wife and I went there to grab dinner quickly before picking up the kids.  We had been wanting to try it for quite some time, but it's always packed at lunch time.First of all, it took forever for the 2 people working the register to get through a line which was 4 deep at the time.  My wife ordered a chicken salad sandwich, I ordered a chicken chop salad, and we got a bowl of cream of broccoli soup to share.  Again, one person running one ticket at a time, it took forever to get our food.My salad came in a plastic to-go box, set inside of what looked like a salad bowl, with dressing on the side.  It was a garden salad, with chopped chicken the sprinkled on top, not a true chicken chop salad one would expect (if you've ever had a real, chicken chop salad).  The salad wasn't good, but I was hungry so I ate it.  Red Robin has better salads, by FAR.  My wife said her sandwich tasted like raw white onions.  I declined an invitation to verify that point.  I then picked up my spoon and dunked it in the broccoli soup, which took an extra ten minutes to get to the table because they had to "make it fresh".  It came and was grey in color, and tasted like, well, nothing.  Seriously, it was bland and tasteless.  Like a milky water with broccoli floaters.  Almost lost my garden salad and chopped chicken...We did take a couple of cookies and an ooey gooey bar to go.  I took one bite of the bar and it was marginal.  Overall this place is awful.  Save money and get better food at Paradise Bakery.  You know you will get a good meal there.  I gave it two stars because the cookies were enjoyed by the kiddos.Other than that, I'm not sure how this place has exploded the way it has.  It's like Old Country Buffet, but without the Buffet.
4	This is our new favorite place to get good sandwiches. The bread there is so good. The only issue that I have with kneaders is that it's always so packed and there is never an open seat. They do have a drive they that is very quick so we use that In order to avoid the crowd. They have really good deserts too. I had a cannoli that was awesome.
2	Review is for AM Drive thru service only. First, no bagels?!? The place is called Kneaders and when I scanned the drive thru window menu, I was unable to find any mention of any bagels. When I asked if they had bagels I reviewed a short "Ma'am we don't have bagels at this location, but we do have other pastries...". I ordered the chocolate croissant and it didn't even come out warm! It left much to be desired.
5	This place has a fantastic atmosphere, was extremely clean, service was excellent, and the food was just as good as I was expecting. Fresh! There is not a good bakery around like this and it is about time. Very busy restaurant...but worth the wait. I recommend getting lunch with a pastry to go. Very fulfilling and good value for the money. I'll be back!
1	When I walked in here at 10:00 a.m. today, I was hoping to see an assortment of scrumptious bread products (perhaps of the breakfast variety, given the time of day) and attentive friendly staff. Instead, the first things I encountered were a closed register to my right, a tower of products for sale to my left, and a short line of patrons ahead of me. I scanned the menu overhead. Nothing offered for breakfast jumped out at me as particularly exciting. There were several staff members behind the counter, some bustling about, others not so much. For the four minutes I stood in that unmoving line, not once did any member of the horde of visible employees greet me, smile at me, or even freaking look at me. This made me unhappy -- hey, Kneaders, let me know you appreciate my business! As I continued to stand there like the ghost I apparently was, things started to agitate me, like the location of the merchandise mountain blocking the dining area from view and the fact that the bread behind the counter was haphazardly thrown onto wooden shelves (I assume this was the look they were going for, though). I noticed a display case filled with dessert-type items. It was still breakfast time according to their posted menu ("till 11 a.m."). Why weren't breakfast items showcased? Maybe hip Arizonans eat frosted brownies for breakfast and I'm out of touch.I wish I could comment on the taste of the food, the speed & accuracy of service, portion sizes and what not. Unfortunately, I departed after those four uneventful minutes. This first impression of Kneaders is a crappy one and I don't plan on giving a second chance any time soon. Great job rubbing a bread lover the wrong way!
4	Basically repackaged version of paradise bakery. Food and environment are similar, menus are similar, quality is similar. Price is also similar which is too much for what you get.
4	First time visiting this cafe yesterday.   Very similar to the Paradise Bakery chain.  Kneader's Bakery had friendly servers this day.  Great tasting chocolate macaroons!  Fresh, moist and chocolaty!   The strawberry tsunami smoothie was just okay.  I will stop by again to try their meals.
2	I had the Ruben sandwich the it had good flavor but almost no meat. It was so thin that I almost sent it back. Also they need to add cashiers the line was way too long.
5	Amazing find! Great customer service and logistics for drive through and call in. Possibly the best sandwich shop ive ever been to. Decor is a little nerdy or elderly but who cares. 3rd time here and 3/3 for awesome.
3	First time at any kneaders.  Wasn't sure what to expect. Cute decor, real Italian coffee ($1.79) & my kids loved their treats - chocolate dome & ultimate cookie bar. Husband wasn't too happy with the key lime tart - kinda soupy and not tart. It was freezing inside so much so I couldn't stay for long. No wifi which is a big problem for me so unfortunately I couldn't come back anytime soon anyway. Was expecting more bread choices vs pastry desserts. No bagels, no challah .... bummer.  But staff was nice and facility was clean.
2	Needed a place to grab a bite to eat and get some work done. Was very surprised to find out they don't offer WiFi.  I ordered a sandwich & soup combo. For the price you pay, the taste was mediocre at best.  They need to understand what a salad is and not lettuce shoved into a cup. Also when you use lettuce for a sandwich, don't use the hard core parts. The bakery looked appealing, but the comments from the people behind me said it looked much better than it tasted so I opted not to get any. The environment is cute and they have home decor for sale, but I can get the same items at Hobby Lobby for half the price. This will not be a place I will jump on going back to anytime soon.
1	ordered a slice of pie and a cappuccino from the drive thru.  cappuccino had sticky syrup dripping down the side and a thumb print on the mouth hole of the lid.  it tasted watery and sugary like gas station cappuccino.attaching a photo of the pie which tasted like  chocolate dipped donut in pie form.  not in a good way.
3	This place is growing on me because I really like the French toast. The syrup they serve is liquid heaven. Can't speak to the rest of the food, however, because I haven't tried anything else yet since my last review other than French toast.
3	It was OK. I had the pesto chicken panini. I think it is over priced for what it is.
1	Really? 15 minutes in line to order?  Can you get another cash register going? I finally get to order get my coffee cup and they are out of coffee. I go tell the one cashier who then stops taking orders to go get the coffee. We finally get our cinnamon rolls and milk 15 minutes later. WTH? Hire more people!!
4	I had a good experience at Kneaders.  Went for lunch with my co-worker friend.  It was busy and loud, but I was happy with the salad.  I ordered the Chicken ala Mondo without bacon.  It was fresh and delicious.  I preferred it over what I've had at Salad and Go.For dessert I tried a sugar cookie and a brownie.  I preferred the cookie.  The brownie had an strange texture.  I like dense moist and chewy, and this was kinda sandy.  They had a good selection of desserts.I like that they have a drive through.  It's a good place for a work lunch or just to grab a quick bite and head back for work.
4	My aunt and I went here one afternoon for a late lunch.  I am from Chicago, so I used to be an avid Panera goer and have yet to find anything up to par with those yummy sandwiches!I ordered the Turkey bacon avocado and it was delicious. I got the deal that came with chips, pastry and a drink! I love that they had so many choices! Their fruit tart sure is tasty!Sadly, I reside in Phoenix so I won't be swinging by anytime soon but it was good while it lasted!
4	I only had their frozen hot chocolate, but it was unforgettably delicious!Comfy cozy environment that smells like heaven. Close to the beautiful Gilbert Mormon temple, which is awesome!
5	I have seen a few Kneaders pop around town.  This was my first time coming in.  After checking out the menu, I knew this would be a place that I would have to come back to just to try everything that I wanted.On today's visit, I had the Turkey Cranberry on a croissant.  It was just the right amount of fresh turkey and cranberries to not overwhelm the sandwich.   I also asked for combo #3 which includes chips, drink and any dessert that is priced $2.19 or under.   I chose the key lime tart....absolutely delicious!!!  But as with the sandwiches, I must keep coming back to try all of the desserts I want to try.I highly recommend Kneaders for lunch or dinner.  They have a breakfast menu, but can't comment on that since I haven't tried it.  This has officially become my favorite sandwich shop!
5	I love Kneaders. I thought it would be too busy based on reviews. And sometimes it is, but I've never waited more than 10 min to get my order in and the food always comes very quickly. I love their salad variety. Always such fresh delicious ingredients and lots of whatever meat I order. Their soups are also great and my husband is working his way through the different varieties of bread pudding with each visit. WAY better than Panera!
5	Starbucks is in same parking lot and doesn't have half the flavor or menu. Blended drinks are world's better at Kneaders. The staff is a ton nicer as well.
1	Order their chicken raspberry salad Chicken was way dry like it was sitting uncoverd and had dried out due to lack of moisture. Dressing was good cannot mess up spinach, but the candied nuts really lacked flavor. Pricey place and really need to step up their product quality. Only to revisit if I'm with someone who wants to go there.
3	I love the bread pudding and the soup.  But the prices are high, not open on Sunday, and I was not impressed with the breakfast.
4	Although I think the sandwiches and salads are pretty good, the bread is what really makes this place good. I always buy a couple of loaves every time I take my office staff here for lunch. I once had a bad experience with the panini's, but to be fair, the management was very apologetic about it and made it up to us on a future visit. If you like cheesecake, their cheesecake is absolutely fantastic.
1	Kneaders can make really good bread and deserts but the soups but sandwiches and soups are not that great. I had a chicken salad sandwich and it was so boring. It was served on a croissant and it had tiny pieces of chicken and celery mayo too. I had the wedding soup and it was just blah. I could tell it was a serious pre-mix. My two kids had the chicken noodle soup and the noodles are bigger than Paradise Bakery but it has little flavor. Its just boring and it sucks that its boring.
3	First off, I have been here a few times and for the most part the food has been pretty good.  I really enjoy the french toast for breakfast.  Today, however, I went in for breakfast (all you can eat french toast).  I was with my young son.  It took over 10 minutes to bring out my french toast.  While I was eating I noticed a large caravan of Mormon Missionaries arrive for breakfast.  I waited till they were all done ordering and went up and asked for 1 more piece of french toast.  I sat there and waited and waited.  Meanwhile, they kept bringing plate fulls of french toast refills to the Mormon boys even though their original order was after mine, by about 10 minutes.  So, I went up to the counter to cancel my refill  due to time constraints and the worker says, "Oh, you didn't get your refill yet?".  No, because you guys were to busy taking care of the Mormon boys and ignoring me.  Now, I have no problem with the Mormon boys, but since this place is owned by Mormons, I couldn't help but think they were getting preferential treatment over myself who was being ignored.  Not happy about that and unsure if I will return.  There are plenty of other good places out there who treat all their customers equally.
5	Best oatmeal EVER. Never thought of putting cranberries and coconut together but it was a treat!  Crunchy French Toast was decadently thick, the scramble was too tasty!  Great selection of teas and expresso drinks.  Great breakfast!
4	Four of us went for dessert. We each got something different and shared. Plenty for all of us to try
