5	This is as good as it gets. The sensory and educational exhibits are well organized and thought out. I suggest going to the web site to check out value packs and group rates for admission. As of June 08, food selection is only snacks (chips, candy) from the gift shop, so plan to eat somewhere else.My favorite exhibits have to be the CD glittering wall and the Noodle Forest.
4	If you have kids - this is the place to take them!  I work in teh media and was invited for a special tour of the place and WOW is it cool!  There are tons of activities for the kids and they learn while having fun, doesn't get much better than that!Only reason I can come off my 5 star is that it's only for kids 8 and under (even though they say 12 and under) and the fact that birthday parties are expensive.  Daily admission is $9 (I think) but I looked into having my nieces birthday there and it was $400 - for a one year old - yikes!Even though I don't have kids, I highly recommend this place if you do!
4	Spent the afternoon here with my little bro. Fun place. He's 7 though (almost 8, he keeps reminding me) and many of the exhibits/activities really seem geared for a younger audience. Still lots to see and do for him though, from the musical pots & pans to the beanbag corner. His favorite - the Grand Ballroom, where there's this magnetic wall of adjustable pieces of shelves and pipes he could move around to create new and interesting corridors and paths for golf balls to follow as he explored the exciting world of cause & effect and chain reactions.My advice - watch yo step. The kids there are nuts, hyped on whoknowswhat, sprinting back and forth from exhibit to exhibit, nervous parents right on their heels.. I also found myself wishing I'd brought along a little bottle of hand sanitizer. Who knows where those millions of little hands have been, you know what I'm sayin'? And what was with the lack of shoes? I'm sure it's all in my head, but here I am four hours later, thinking I can still smell little kid feet. Gross.
4	I went to the museum to take some out of town friends. They have children, and honestly, I had no clue what else to do with them. they had a BLAST. What a cute, cute place.It really reminded me of the children's museum in NJ. Very hands on and interactive. The kids had such  a great time.  Loved the little grocery area and pizza baking section. My niece and nephew just love playing kitchen, so they had a blast.Even the gift shop had some really great educational toys.
4	So, what to do with a 2-year old when visiting Phoenix?Since we are from SF, I don't have the complete back story of how the museum came about. But, if you are unfamiliar with the area, the chain link fence that surrounds the museum (housed in an old elementary school) was quite the deterrent - I thought for a second that the museum was closed.We managed to find the entrance and contrary to what others have said, admission is cheap at $9 a person. (It's only $7.95 at the Mpls Children's Museum.)A lot of exhibits that sounded interesting were still under construction, but my daughter had a great time in the reading nook, the art room, the grocery store and the main play area on the 1st floor. What's missing is a water play area.But, if/when we come back to Phoenix, we'll definitely come back.
5	I have two girls, ages 3 and 1.  This place was absolutely perfect for them!  It's huge inside with tons of things for them to touch, climb on, and play with.  I'm looking forward to taking them again during the summer when it's too hot to be outside!
5	It's hot - the kids are wired - there is really only one solution.....the Children's museum!!! This place is great for kids under 6 years old - over six, they are probably going to like each exhibit for about two minutes. Under six, you can spend a long long time here. Start downstairs by throwing colorful scarves into vacuum pipes that climb the walls, and pop out over your heads. Watch your young ones climb thru tunnels and tents, and then cruise around on scooters for awhile. On the second floor, there's the coolest art room ever! I wish this place existed when I was little! Everyday, they paint this little playhouse a different color. It is so so cool! And there are two different art projects to try out. The facility provides aprons, and paper towels, but I would still recommend wearing something you don't mind getting a little paint or glue on. There's a kid's kitchen where they can make you pretend pizzas, and a grocery store where you can shop and ring up the food. My favorite room has walls of mazes for a ball to go thru that makes a ton of different noises. So much fun! The third floor has the funnest thing ever!! A huge room full of hanging noodles (swimming pool noodles) - and you can run thru full speed playing tag with your little ones - just keep eyes open for other little ones. I am leaving a lot out (like the toddler room), but just check this place out! It is so so nice! I think one of the coolest things is that the rooms are extremely clean - you never feel like you are picking up a book or toy covered in goobies, which I greatly appreciate. Also, don't go here if you plan to be one of those non-interactive parents. This place requires participation from both parent and child.
5	My almost 3-year-old son loved this place!  It's a nice respite during the miserable summer weather.  It's perfect for kids his age.  There was something for all interests--visual, art, tactile, everything!  I love that all the rooms are kid-sized, including the sinks in the bathroom and a separate/lower hand-rail on the stairsProbably not the best value for crawlers or older kids.  But for 2-5 yr-olds, it's a wonderful place!  The only annoying part are the parents who don't lead their kids by example.  Saw some pretty poorly-behaved, rude, and bully kids there.  But that has nothing to do with the museum.  Just a sad commentary of the lack-of parenting skills out there.Anyway, we love the museum and think that it's the best $9/person we've spent all summer!
3	We had fun but it is definately more for kids 5 and younger . The pretend store was fun and we all had a blast playing in the noodles.
5	Creative and fun for all ages! This place is entertaining for everyone! I took my 4-year-old niece and we had a blast. The entry fee is $9 for everyone. Like others have mentioned, that is a steep price especially for family members that don't interact in the activities, but go with the family. Some of the public libraries have a deal worked out with the museum to give out ticket packages for a small fee or for free. Check with your local branch for more information (this is how we got in without paying). Parking is free and they have their own private lot. There are three levels of creative, engaging activities and a gigantic atrium of fun being built. The third floor was my niece's favorite because she could bike ride through a little "car wash." I probably watched her for a good 30 minutes going 'round and 'round. On the second floor there is an art room. It closes before the rest of the place, so if you want to do crafts you should go to this section first. There is even an area for kids 3 and under. My niece was sad that she was a year older this time around and couldn't go in there. Her sadness was quickly alleviated because just down the way she could play "grocery store." I can't name all that they have to offer because that would make a long review. My favorite was that this place caters to every person's method of play and interaction; there are no limits to engaging in play and learning. Go, have fun, and enjoy imaginations at play!
5	We got lost in the noodle forest!  At first, I was going to skip that exhibit, but our friend wanted to go in with his toddler who doesn't walk yet.  So I followed suit by scooping up the little bug and carrying her in.  All those green and orange pool noodles suspended from the ceiling frankly scared me.  I'm so glad that our friend dove in, otherwise I wouldn't have experienced the unique forest.  Pretty quickly our little walking bug was on her feet and navigating the sea of noodles herself.  There are some areas of the forest where there are no noodles, which gives you a breather.  There are also structural poles in there, but they wisely placed foam barriers to keep the little ones from tripping and bonking.It is hard to pick one favorite part of the museum.  For our toddler group, I loved the under 3 room.  It isn't like Seattle's CM room for the younger set, where kid of any age enter at will and can wreak havoc.  Here they actually monitor the room and they don't let the older kids in.  Frankly, they have more places to go in the museum so I appreciate having a place for that age set.  She loved the under 3 room, from the slides to the boardwalk to the in-floor air vent.  She even was enticed to crawl, as there are several exhibits and play spaces to check out.  For the young infants, they had these round, pillowy structures that you can place the babes in.  Our little wiggler wouldn't stay in it though, obviously.  Having to take off our shoes to go into the under 3 room did not freak me out.  Why would I want our toddlers crawling through some of those structures where dirty shoes have been?  Not something I'm into during cold & flu season.The cafe closes early but we were able to grab some snacks (imperative with toddlers).  I was impressed to find fruit packages of blueberries, grapes & melon but also loved that they had Eli's cheesecake and ice cream.  I'm still nursing and need the extra calories now and then!  Of course, they had milk and juice, too.The art in the texile pizza kitchen room is great- lamps that look like tea cups & saucers, art made of cutlery.  The nearby room is pretty cool, with the ball track that makes sound and other exhibits that feature balls and little trains and gravity working.I thought that the staff did an excellent job reigning in the too energetic kids that were throwing balls and cars down the tracks.  I don't know how the staff can maintain their composure.Other yelpers mention that the entry fee is steep but it looks like the museum is undergoing lots of renovation.  The climbing structure they are working on is pretty impressive.  They need every penny they can get to keep construction on the exhibits.  I was sad that they had no reciprocal memberships with other cm's, but the staff said that they can't afford to offer that feature right now.This was definitely a highlight of our trip.  We are far from likely to go back to Phoenix but this museum is now my gold standard for cm's.
5	This Museum is AMAZING! I have never seen anything like it before. I love the mock grocery store and pizzeria. It seemed to be my kids favorite too. We had such a great time that both kids (18 months and 4 years) had a sensory overload. Everything is adult friendly too, so parents can have a lot of fun pretending with their kids. What an amazing time! I wish that the prices were a bit cheaper, but understand due to the complexity of all the exhibit as well as the maintenance it must take to keep everything in working order. I would love to see a membership program with more reasonable rates.
5	During a recent visit to Phoenix my friend asked me to come with her and her kids to the Children's Museum. Wanting to be polite, though not expecting much, I agreed to go along.Boy, had I been underestimating the fun. Even though I'm 40 years old, *I* had almost as good of a time as the kids!  I only wish such places existed when I was a kid.Imaginative play is the motivation behind all the activities available at the museum. The pretend supermarket and pizza kitchen, the arts studio, the Noodle Forest -- we spent ages in the Noodle Forest alone. There's so much to do, we could easily have stayed there for several hours. The museum is currently at work on a new section that will feature a towering 3-story castle of ramps and turrets and balconies and more, constructed of car pieces, bathtubs, metal ramps, and so who knows what else. I envy the kids and grownups who'll get to play on it when it's done!This is a great place for kids at any time, but on those days when Arizona heat makes outdoor play unbearable this is especially a great destination.
5	If you have a baby or a toddler, this is the place to be.  As soon as the Museum opened, I got my family membership.  There were times when my son and I spend everyday (from ages 10months -3 years old) there before he started preschool and my son never got tired or bored with the place.  At times, he was able to spend HOURS in the same area and for moms out there, you know what a blessing that can be!The one most common complaint I've heard about the museum is the cost of entrance and cost of membership- most people think that it's a little on the pricey side.  I disagree.  Since I was there so much, I saw how much wear and tear the interactive activities goes through and how diligently the museum staff has been about replacing the parts so that each activity is always in perfect working order.  I also saw how quickly they replaced an activity if what they envision did not bear out in reality once the kids started playing with the activity.  And the place is HUGE!  3 floors filled with fun, creativity, and absolute joy.  The staff there is absolutely darling- so much patience for the little ones.  As often as I've been there, I've never seen a staff cross or annoyed with a child.FYI for those who think this museum is expensive- the Children's Museum in NYC cost  $10 per person and the place is less than 1/3 the size of ours.  PLUS their activities are not as creative or engaging.  Our Children's Museum in comparison is HEAVENLY!!I absolutely LOVE this place!
5	What a great place! I first heard about it from their TV commercial then I looked it up online. We took Cadie yesterday and we all had a ton of fun! We built forts, rode through a bike wash (kind of like a car wash but you ride a bike through it). We ran all over the place turning as many of the doorknobs as we could in the "Under 3" room. Made origami things, built a tower out of ant blocks, launched soft yarn balls out of a goofy air cannon thing, made a pizza in the kitchen, got hit on the head by a bunch of golf balls (well, I did) and checked out with a HUGE cart of groceries in the store.We topped off the whole thing with a little lunch pack for Cadie from the cafeteria and got some amazing Mexican food from La Tolteca (right down the street) for Michelle and I. What a great day!P.S. I can't wait until they finish that huge thing in the middle of the building. Whatever it is, it looks like it's going to be so awesome!
2	I have only been once and thought it would be a good place to take children over 3 or so.  My son was about 6 months when we went so didn't get a lot out of it.  The "infant room" is not that great and he wasn't really able to interact with anything.
5	Great time at the Children's Museum! Our 5 year old loved the "Noodle Room", the 7 year old really enjoyed the "Art Studio".  We packed a lunch and enjoyed ourselves in the shade outside!  We will definitely be back!
5	Awesome place for kids of all ages! My 1 yr old boy loves it! One of the best if not the best children's museums I've been to.  Everything is very hands on.  Kids can really get involved and I'm not ashame to admit that I was also very excited myself to play.  :)  Climbed the massive tree maze.  My 1 yr old was not afraid but I sure was when we climbed to the 3rd floor of the maze.  Heights is not my forte.  There were lots to do.  You can not bring outside drinks here except water.  They do have a cafe where you can purchase items.  Really enjoyed our time here.
5	Who says you need to be a child to visit? Ok, it might not hurt to bring a child with you, but even so, this spot makes any age feel like a kid again. I've been to the Children's Museum a couple of times now. The first few visits were to volunteer with an organization I belong to and the other times were with my three year old nephew. Of course, visiting with a three year old wins in the fun category. From a faux grocery store to a tricycle car wash, I've got to say...this is probably the ideal spot to bring a kid. We stayed for well over 2.5 hours and my nephew could have probably played 4 more. The Children's Museum offers classes, family fun programs, free first Friday nights and more.The newest "game" to hit the Children's Museum:Most recently, I experienced the brand new, larger than life, playground in the center of the museum. Friends, I doubt my description will do this thing justice. I bow down to the geniuses who created the most jungliest jungle gym on this planet. I saw this monstrosity in the works and was anticipating the opening. There was no way I thought adults or kids stuck in adult bodies would be able to "play" on it too, but guess what? Yours truly made my way to the very top. Imagine tunnels and steps, bathtubs turned space ships and rubber that's become a maze. It was the most fascinating use of every creative thought I could have ever imagined all clumped up into one gigantic maze. You step up and down, you climb, you slide, you crawl and you imagine. And this is coming from an adult's perspective. Now beware, while adults can fit very easily and, for the safety of their children, should accompany them up the jungle gym...it's no easy task. I left with a couple bruises and a new fear of heights (not really...but kind of). While my sister decided to keep both feet on the ground, favorite Aunt Lindsey stepped up to the plate and got to go on the adventure with the nephew. I made it to the top and I made it back down to the bottom. Trust me, it was touch and go there for a minute. Achieving this is something I am very proud of and once you experience it, you will be too!
5	This was my 3rd trip over the past year with my 4-yr-old grandson! He LOVES it...especially the new "Flying Bathtub"!!It's fun for Gramma, too...once I figured out where the stairways were so I didn't need to crawl down the chutes!! LOLHe finds different areas of interest/ways to play with things on each visit and it's just an overall fun place to go!!I do wish they had some kid-friendly lunch places in walking distance...got in the car to find lunch and didn't make it back to the museum!! :-(
1	I take  my 2 boys there, age 22 months, and 3 years old.  We have a membership, and go 2 or 3 times a month.  The museum is great and a lot of fun, but unfortunately some of the staff is completely rude! Not, to mention, it is always so crowed the small kids get trampled.Almost every time we go, the staff yell at me or my children!! My children are not bad, or rowdy, the are  just being kids. The climber is so high and looks very dangerous. My child talked me into taking him up, so I tried going up with my puse, and was told" No puses, you need to put it under the stairs." (where the sign says"not responsible for lost or stolen property.") Wish she would have told me before my child ran off ahead of me, because I was stuck yelling for him to come down! The employees should ask a little nicer, not with such a rude tone. They should put up a sign saying" no purses, or bags" Another time, they yell at them and say "don't run!!" They could say" walk please." The final straw was today when we went into the 3 and under room and were harassed by an employee Shereyl. She asked me  and my friend and her 3 year old 3 times how old my son was and I said 3. She followed him around and yelled at him, everything he did!"  My son wouldnt play because he was scared of her, we left and overheard her talking about us to 2 other staff members., saying he was not 3, and heard them talking rudely about us!  We said we wanted to speak to a manager right away, and the manager came over being rude, and would only say " we can not have kids older than 3!" That is the last time we will go there, and its unfortunate because we bought a membership. :( Make sure if you go into the toddler room, you have a birth certificate for your children!! They need to have staff education on how to talk to customers, and children.
5	I'm incredibly impressed by the Children's Museum of Phoenix.  It definitely exceeded my expectations. We went with my 2 years old and 7 months old. He was in heaven!! He was all over the place trying to figure out what he liked more.  The Climber was not only fun but such an attractive structure. I enjoyed just looking at it. I really wanted to climb it but it was my turn watching the baby.  The tricycles with the little car wash was adorable, the supermarket area was a hit as everything was pretty real. There was a track with little cars he could have stayed playing with all day. The Noodle Forrest was a very interesting experience, and I was cracking up because my son didn't had any sense of direction:) The staff was very courteous and nice. They answered our questions promptly and seemed happy to be working there. We didn't even made it to the under 3 area or the art studio, but since we had so much fun and it's an ideal place to go with this crazy heat, we got a membership. I'm pretty sure we're going to be visiting every weekend.I disagree that it's an unsafe place for kids, and to call the Climber a "death trap" is a bit much. I'm very hands on with my son, I just don't watch him play, I play with him and make sure he's OK and won't get hurt, plays OK with others, regardless of where we are.  If you have a kid that likes to run away from you ( like most kids do:) you have to keep an eye and close distance, especially with the stairs.   Any outside park will pose risks as well. I guess if you want it to be all soft and plush, might as well go to a Pump It Up kind of place.I do however, agree that most of the museum it's probably not the most appropriate place for (some) 2 years old and under. I guess that's why they have the under 3 year old area then, but I can't review it as we didn't enjoyed it this visit.       I would say that my main negatives are the price. I do think that for kids it's reasonable to charge $9.00 but it should be 2 and up, with no charge or reduced charge for the youngest ones. Also, a reduced rate for parents, but I know many children's museums do charge everyone the same.    Truth be told, I had so much fun, I didn't mind paying;-)We can't wait to take our visiting friends with kids! It's nice to have such an amazing place in Arizona.
4	Was a great adventure. The noodle room is epic.
5	My Granddaughter just turned two last week and I still didn't know what to get her for her birthday gift. my husband and I took her to the children's museum yesterday and she had such a great time the entire time we were there we became members. Happy Birthday Chloe I know we will be there every Sun and the membership is flexible so her parents can take her or I can take a guest, its really a great deal. Cant wait to go back.
5	My husband and I got married here in November of 2009.  We were the first wedding on the premises since the building was constructed in the early 1900s. We wanted something different and something downtown and when we came across CMOP we were so impressed by the space, and the staff that we knew we had to have our wedding here.  We said our vows in the "technical" front of the building, which is now actually the back area facing 7th St. The cocktail hour was held on the third floor and our reception was sprawled along the second floor.  The dancing took place in the room where people often eat lunch or snacks, but it was cleared out.Being the first wedding here it was a challenge to coordinate tables, chairs, catering, music etc.. but it was a learning experience for the staff as well as myself.  They handled it with ease and I was so happy with the final outcome. If you are looking for a amazingly fun place to get married or have an event in downtown Phoenix I would suggest the Children's Museum for you. I can't wait to bring my daughter here when she is old enough to enjoy it herself.
3	My son is now 18 months and we had a blast at the Children's Museum.  Tighe wanted to do EVERYTHING!  I would definitely bring 2 parents per child, just for one parent to get a break while the other one watches. I am giving it 3 stars due to the high price tag.  $18 for anyone over 12 months (including parents).  I'm sorry but that is ridiculous.  I don't even see why parents have to pay, but whatever.
5	I had just as much fun as any kid there, and I was hung over!What a fun place!  Right when you walk in, there are tubes that line a giant wall.  You pick up scarves an push them into the tubes, and the scarves are whisked through bends in the tubes with air, eventually firing out of one of many exits that can be changed by turning knobs.  In the same room there is a giant sculpture that you can climb up the interior of, for a total of 3 stories of climbing fun.  Each of the 3 levels of the building have entertaining and interactive exhibits for all ages.  We brought our 11 month old daughter there, and she had a blast!Highlights:Wrench xylophone on the 2nd floorNoodle forest on the second floorScarf tubes on 1st floorGiant 3 story climbing sculptureThe building itself is cool, it is an old converted high school.If you hate having fun, stay home!  But if you are one of the few that like fun, then go!
5	We are on our 2nd yearly membership and LOVE everything about you! The design and details are brilliant! We have made many wonderful memories here and you have been a huge part of our toddlers' lives. We are sad that we can no longer visit the 3 and under room, but always find something fun to do instead. I love being greeted at the front counter with smiling, happy people. It always starts our day out perfectly! The clean bathrooms and great assortment of lunch options you sell are much appreciated!A few things I would be thrilled to see are; -a calendar on your website showing when you have large school fieldtrips going on. (as a stay at home mom with little ones, it would be nice to know in advance, so that we could choose a different time or day. That would be awesome! )-more Member Nights!!! We love these nights and always bring daddy along (who can't join us during the day)There are too many fun and wonderful things to list.. if you haven't been, grab your kids and GO!
5	A really fun place for kids. No adults allowed unless accompanied by a child. Appropriate for kids up to about 14. The noodle jungle is fun for all ages. Gift shop and food available.
5	I love taking my 4-year-old there, but mainly on First Fridays when the admission is free. It's always a terrific amount of fun for just about everyone. "Museum" is a bit of a misnomer. It's more like a very cool indoor playground full of interesting stuff.
5	This place is great. I began bringing my son to the Children's Museum when he was 2, and he still loves it at 4. My friends have had a bad experience or two with parents who weren't supervising, but I haven't run into any problems at all.My son's favorite room right now is the fort room on the 2nd floor. They did it up right. Our tip is to get there as soon as the museum opens -- you'll have the fort room to yourself and you won't have to share your creation right away. Also, they have a few really great books about imagination and fort building in that room.Just like a few of the other reviewers, we're on our 2nd or 3rd yearly membership, and it's well worth the money. We let our zoo membership lapse, but wouldn't dream of doing so with the Children's Museum.
5	A fabulous place to take your little ones, or, as in my case, the grandkids to.  And today and tomorrow, you can get your tickets for half price and use them anytime in the next 6 months at jitcAZ.com
4	The children's museum is fun but it seems like every time I go it gets more and more expensive. They charge for every person over the age of 1, and it's currently 11 dollars a person. They do have a super cool 3 story climber but most adults agree it makes us all a little nervous to venture up there but the kids don't seem to mind at all. They have a car wash, an art room where you can paint a castle, a grocery store with carts and check out stands, a pizzeria, a race car ramp, and much more... But my favorite my thing of all is the noodle forest! It's an area of hundreds of pool noodles hung from the ceiling that you walk through, it's so much fun. :) The kids seem to want to go back over and over again even though it's pretty much the same thing and doesn't usually change much. But hey, if they are happy I am happy.
5	We have been coming here since my son was 6 months old (he is now 2 1/2) This is the one place we can come and i feel 100% comfortable letting him run around and explore. The entire museum is kid friendly and has something in every corner. My son's favorite attraction here is not the giant play kitchen, the 3 story climber, or the huge arts and craft room.. but the simple noodle forest. He loves to walk back and forth through them and hide. The prices have gone up since we first became a member, but I still think the prices are well worth it ESPECIALLY in the summer when it's 114 out :)
5	So I'm 33 and still had fun at this place! I went with my sister and my 2 year old niece. It was a blast. I think kids of all ages will be entertained here. There is a special room for toddlers (age 3 and under). Super fun for the little guys plus they won't be pushed aside by the bigger kids.There are lots of different rooms featuring different activities. Fun for everyone!If you come here thinking of this as a true "museum", you might be disappointed. It is more of a place to let the kids run free and expect the kids to sleep in the car on the way home as it will wear them out!The place has super cool decorations all over. Everywhere there is something to look at.Bring hand sanitizer if you are grossed out easily.  Afterall, there are kids everywhere wiping their nose and eyes and who know what else!There was a small snack room. Sandwiches were $7. We got little tubs of pasta salad and potato salad. Those were each $2.
5	Can't recommend this place highly enough. It's a heck of a drive here from where we live in Surprise but it's my 4-year-old's favourite place to play. After the first couple of visits we got the 3-person membership for a year which will save us a ton of money since we'll probably go here at least once every couple of weeks. It's a "museum" only in the loosest sense; in fact as others have mentioned it's actually a giant playground with tons of things to see and do spread across multiple floors. A list of all the playthings inside can be found here (http://www.childrensmuseumofphoenix.org/facility/Exhibits.aspx). In particular, the Schuff-Perini Climber, which is a giant structure resembling a treehouse with crazy stuff like a bathtub hanging off it, is phenomenal. Except when fat adults thinking to keep up with their children try to worm through certain parts of it. They even have Adirondack-style deckchairs in that room so that those seated down have a more elevated angle of view at their kids climbing two or three stories above them. Basically my kid, who at four is easily taller than most five-year-olds with the strength and energy of Bam Bam off the Flintstones, rapid-fires every single plaything every time we go - rushing around the climber, then heading up the stairs to pedal furiously on the trikes, then running (a no-no, always have to tell him to slow down so he doesn't blitz other kids) through the noodle forest, etc. It's sensational to watch. Even more delightful is how hard he crashes out in the back seat of the car, dried sweat plastering his bangs to his forehead with his mouth in the shape of an O, not more than three minutes back on the road after leaving.Trust me, if you bring your younger kids here you will have a tough time getting them to leave at the end of the visit. There's also a gift shop with some interesting toys well-suited to kids under 10 - yesterday we bought my kid a "marble racer" (http://www.toysrus.com/product/index.jsp?productId=10995054) and the time before we got a giant plastic boat for bathtime. The gift shop is a great incentive when it's "time to head home". And the P.C.M. is also super close to Mrs White's Golden Rule Cafe which is one of my favourite "quirky" eateries in Phoenix.Take your young ones here, you won't be sorry. Just make sure you pack elbow pads, shin pads and helmets for them in case my kid's there too *8-) Let's pretend I gave it ten stars.Edit: I created some panoramas of the Schuff-Perini Climber on photosynth.net using the Microsoft Photosynth app on my iPod Touch. Check em out.#1: http://j.mp/kfLVTC#2: http://j.mp/k0oArr#3: http://j.mp/jMDofn#4: http://j.mp/jC2eAC
5	This museum is absolutely wonderful! I have two children and they beg me to bring them here. If we lived closer it would be put on day trip rotation. They are constantly adding new activities and have special crafts to bring home. The Noodle Forest is a blast! There is an entire room dedicated to fort building. Craft room is any young artists dream! They just opened up the biggest indoor tree house I have ever seen. It's more of a maze slash obstacle course with a flying bathtub. All activities are adult friendly so playing with the kids makes it even more magical! Of course weekends are crazy busy, so I like to go when kids have early release or days off that are not holidays. Website is a great resource as well. Oh, almost forgot that they have an outdoor lunch area and a snack shop that serves healthy choices to keep you fueled for more fun! Enjoy!
4	We came to Arizona to visit family, but after seeing some really good reviews we decided to check this place out with my two year old. The place is fantastic. There's a really gorgeous tree-like structure that spans the height of 3 floors--definitely my favorite part of our visit here. It has all kinds of things hanging off of it that make it really special--like this great big flying tub with wings, or a funky colored boat with "legs" hanging down from it. The thing is absolutely wonderful and fun for kids of all ages.There is an area of the museum designed for children under three thats really great. It's quieter than much of the rest of the museum and has all kinds of neat surprises and its safe from the rough and tumble of older kids. There is also a market, a tricycle car wash, and a forest of bright green and orange noodles. There's also an area where you can race little cars down several tracks,Lots and lots to do here. The price is 11 bucks a person for everyone over the age of 1, which I thought was a bit too much to pay for my two year old but in the end it was still worth it.  The little gift shop has lots of neat things and mostly the prices are reasonable. The place is really cute, safe, fun, and most of all cool for the kiddos to enjoy even on the hottest of days.
4	Loved it!. Got better with each level. My 20 month old loved the noodle forrest, she could have played in it for hours.Staff in the 0-3 room was a tad bit cold, thought she would interact more with us
2	Hmmm.  I actually thought the exhibits were neat and my kids mostly enjoyed it but it was too freaking crowded.  Someone mentioned dangerous and that is right!  I have two boys ages 3 and 22 months and they both got trampled.  If parents and school chaperones (ESPECIALLY them) would keep a closer eye on their kids there would be no problems.  Honestly it pisses me off when parents or chaperones sit there and text or talk while their kid is trampling over a smaller kid.  This place is WAY overpriced.  We went because we had a culture pass but I definitely won't pay the full price and it seems like discount coupons are a rarity.
4	I'll say this: if you have the wherewithal, children, and you live in the Valley during the summer, you are absolutely insane not to have a membership here.
2	Would be a great place if adults didn't have to pay, since they can't do anything anyway.  Followed and watched the kids to their thing and it was $11/person.  Adults should be free or 1/2 price.  I looked at it as $44 for 4 of us, 2 are the only ones who really participated, so $22 per child was way too much for what they had.  Noodle room and the fort were the best things there, other than that, wasn't a whole lot for kids who are older.
5	I can't say enough wonderful things about this place! We have been members for over two years now and it is the best value for the money! I actually think the non-member price is really steep -$11 a person- so even if you think you will visit a few times a year so worth getting the membership. Every time we go my kids tend to pick a different part of the museum for that day. One visit we will spend 2 hours in the fort building room and the next time 2 hours in the grocery store.  So we usually don't see the whole museum each visit so it's always fresh and new when we visit.  My biggest suggestion is to arrive there about noon instead of when they first open.  By this time a lot of families are heading home for nap time and it starts emptying out. And the school groups usually tend to leave by this time too. They don't close until four so it gives you plenty of time to play without the large crowds.  This is truly one of my favorite places in Phoenix!
4	This was our first time coming to PCM and it was a whole bunch of crazy. Kids running around everywhere, where are your parents lol... Anyway I guess I can't complain it was free and my kids had so much fun! The first of every month it's FREE from 6pm-10pm...
5	Yes, it's pricey, so I got a membership. Yes, the membership is pricey - but if you go frequently (and you'll want to with the hot summer months) you'll get your money's worth and then some. The place is big enough that you can do different exhibits for each trip. Great place to take the grandparents to watch the kids in their element, too!
4	This place is a nice little change-up from the usual mall/Target/splash pad destinations that summer requires.  We have an 18 month old son that loves the noodle forest and the tricycle area.  The place has so much going on it is easy to focus on different things even if we go once per week.  The price is high if you don't get a membership, it pays for itself just in summer visits and then the rest of the time is icing on top.  I admit to enjoying climbing around in the big maze in the center of the museum, that made me feel like a kid again.
5	AWESOME! I so with Flagstaff had something like this. Fun for the whole family. From the climbing structure to the "kid run" grocery store and cafe, we had a great time.  My fav place in the valley.
1	Looked like a great place, but not a member of the association of children's museums, so our membership was not honored.  Went to the Science Museum instead
5	I live just down the street and love the how close the Children's Museum is to our house.  We have a yearly membership that includes one adult and 2 kids.  It was $125 for the year and totally worth it, since it is $11 per person over one year old.  We go about once a month and my girls love all the activities.  From the climber to the fort room they have created a wonderful for kids to play and learn.  They also use recycled items to great unique art around the museum.  It is very clean and the staff is very friendly.  If you have children under the age of 8 this is a must do.  I would not suggest going on a First Friday or Weekend as it will be packed, but hit it up during the week.xoxo
5	This place is absolutely incredible.  So thoughtfully designed and fun for kids.  My boys are 2 and 5 and it was perfect for them.  Not a detail is overlooked and I love that there is sort of an industrial feel to the museum with so many items that appear to be repurposed.  It's really a neat place and really allows little ones to explore!
3	Good place for kids ages 2-9The 9-10 crowd has limited things to do. The even older kids (IE: tweens and teens who lets face it, are still kids but in a bigger body) cannot do anything aside from the art room...BUT...you still pay for their admission!!!! My beef:I'd love this place if they didn't charge admission for adults and the older kids who are told by the PCM staff that they are too big to play. As a family with kids ages 2y-11y...we all cannot come here anymore and have fun. Oh yeah, school groups should be limited during the week to a certain, bearable amount, and being told to come in the early afternoon by PCM staff as a remedy to this, not cool. As a previous member for 3 consecutive years, I do miss this place, but wish it had less of a for profit feel. Maybe we would come back then, and I'd have better things to say.
5	What a great children's museum! My kids (3 and 4) have been there twice and have loved it each time. Both times we have taken about 4 hours to go through pretty much the whole thing, spending at least a little time at each exhibit. If we lived in Phoenix, it would be worth the price of a membership for sure!As it is, it can be pricy. But keep your eye out for deals and know that kids of a variety of ages will love it!
5	Great, hands on museum built for kids, but adults can enjoy also!  Lots of places were  parents can sit and watch their children's imagination run wild!  We will definitely be back.
5	We came for FirstFridays and had a blast. Everything was free except food but they gave us a coupon. The volunteers were friendly and knowledgable
1	One star is probably not right, because the museum itself is very nice, especially for young (2-5 yo) kids. HOWEVER, it's expensive (pay for adults) and it is completely overrun by older school children-what exactly they are learning there I am not sure. I feel like I wasted 33 Dollars and valuable time off going there. Being told by a staffer to come after lunch (my kid's naptime) did not exactly help in raising my opinion of this place. Also, being told that today was a "slow" day for field trips triggered me writing this review-you really don't want to go there on a busy day. Apparently, they show on their website how many visitors are expected that day, so that might be helpful, but I haven't seen that yet.
4	So much fun. My 3 & 4 year olds loved it. Great place to go w/kids when it's hot in Phoenix.
4	Always funTake ur time, let ur kids explore, theres alot of stimuli for them to take in.Bring lunch @ drinx cuz Cafeteria is pricey. Put all ur stuff in locker & enjoy.  Sit out on front steps for lunch.  Some valley libraries offer a Culture pass for free adm on that day only.
5	I cannot get over what an awesome children's museum this is! My 3 year old was in awe. It is 3 floors of of the most creative play I've ever seen. From the giant steel building structure on the first floor to the art studio on the 2nd floor and the "noodle forest" and grocery store on the 3rd floor- it was a morning packed full of fun! There are so many opportunities for imaginative play and creative exploration, we could have stayed all day!This is an absolute must if you are in the area and looking for something awesome to do with your kiddos!
3	I think this place is a bit expensive for what they have to offer.  My children are on the upper end of being able to enjoy much of it at age 13 (does the art room), 8 and 6.
4	Great place to hang out and spend several hours. There are a bunch of different areas that kids can loose them selves in. The museum is almost 100% interactive which makes for a very fun experience. My son, who is 5, loves the "tree house" structure on the 1st floor and the noodle forest on the 3rd floor. He loves to make multiple visits to each area. I one draw back is my 10 year old feels she is too old for it. This makes it hard to get everyone excited about it being a family activity. Also, everyone is the same price and when the older child and the adult can't experience the activities that is an issue.
4	Came here while visiting for spring training and our son loved it! I was jealous of all the cool stuff lol we didn't have anything like this when I was growing up!! We will definitely make this a must visit anytime we are in Arizona!!
5	The ultimate play place for little kids.  I took my granddaughter (almost 2) and I must admit I as an "older" person had as much fun as she did.  Yes, it does cost but you can't put a price on the sheer fun the little ones have.  Kids over 10 should steer clear -- unless they want to revert to their childhood and have a rip roaring time.  Also, every room is supervised by a kindly docent, who make sure everyone is safe and having fun.  They take time to show the little ones how everything works.  I would avoid the "free" day, as I would think it would be too crowded and diminish the play opportunities.  I look forward to bring my granddaughter again and again as she grows up.
4	I really like this museum. We took out niece when she was five and she loved it. We now take our daughter and even though she is just a baby the room on the 3rd floor is a perfect place for her to explore.Try to go on days when they have special events in The Junior League of Phoenix room, etc. as that will make the trip even more special.My only feedback would be that the museum is a bit expensive. However, they do have free events/days and reasonably priced memberships.
4	Took my kids here last summer and although my older two (11 and 9) were a little too old and "too cool" for it  and my two little ones (4 and 6) LOVED it! Their favorite things were painting the castle and playing with the sand light box. My favorite thing was watching all the kids take on life roles in the grocery store and restaurants. It was amazing to see how quickly and easily they all chose a job and fell right into it without conflict or questions.   I was just recently back for Yelp's pleY Date event and I have to admit it was more fun as an adult sans children ; ) I always climb the tree house with my kids but climbing it with my adult friends was a blast! We will be visiting again this summer, at least my little two and I will be!
5	Great place for kids!!
5	Went to the Yelp part for the first time w/my hubby and had a great time. If I had kids I would take them to the museum.
5	Brody and I went to the Children's Museum a couple weeks ago and it was a hit. It was so much fun we bought a membership and Brody took his mom and cousin last weekend.  We could go to the museum every weekend and not run out out of cool stuff to do.
5	A gem in the Valley!  My only complaint is that I didn't know about it when my son was a bit younger.  There are a couple areas for children under 3 that he would have loved!  I also went back for the yelP event and had a great time as an adult! Can't wait to play hooky with my son and go back!
5	I was here for the Yelp event recently and loved it.  The facility was great and Yelp did a good job putting together the event.  I noticed there was a lot to do there.  I am already planning to come back with my nephews so I can have fun walking around the mock grocery store.  I'm also looking forward to racing my nephews through the car wash on tricycles.  Bring energy when you come and prepare to have fun.
5	*** Oh what a cool place this is!!! I was here for the Yelp event last April 16th and boy was it fun in here!!! They have a gigantic tree house you get to crawl, walk and enjoy!! All I have to say is, that I cannot wait to have children and bring them to this wonderful place!!! Extremely kid friendly and Adult friendly too!!  Have fun!!:)
5	makes me wish I was a kid again!
5	If your looking for a place to cool down and have fun this is the place!
5	One of my favorite places to take my 3 and 4 year old. Only drawback is it gets really crowded- especially with the school groups so we call early to see how many school groups there are and then we decide if its worth it or not. They sometimes host 500 kids at this museum and thats just not fun. Other than that this place is amazing.
4	Wow, what fun!!  We took our 15 mo old and she LOVED it.  We spent the most time on the third floor where most of the youngling activities took place.  There's a grocery shopping area where they can pretend buy groceries.  We had a lot of fun with that!  They had some pretty international food items which I thought was cute.  It's definitely a place for kids of all ages.  Not so much a museum as it is a huge indoor play park.  That's my opinion anyway.  The only reason I'm rating this 4 stars is the lack of food.  There is pre-made stand that sells sandwiches, fruit, salad and kid friendly items but no restaurant.  Just a heads up for you parents who don't like to cook or bring brown bags (i.e. me).  It's not that great so in the future, I would cut the trip short or have a lunch packed.Definitely 5 stars for fun.
4	I found this place when I was chaperoning for my son's kindergarten class. That was four years ago and I've never stopped going or loving this museum. I've taken him and my niece's and nephew's numerous times and it has always been a blast even for me! The noodle forest and the giant tree house stand out for me as the most fun. There is so much to do for kids of all ages and adults if they know how to have fun with their kids. The only reason it doesn't get five stars from me is the price, the fun they offer is not cheap. Unfortunately, this means this great place has become more of bi-monthly trip.
5	Came here originally for a Yelp event.  Wow, very interesting.  Came back without kids to explore.  Stayed 4 hours- great design and concept.  All kids should have fun here.
1	Let me say first that if I could give a lower rating to the way the staff of the Children's Museum of Phoenix treated me,  a 0 or lower would be appropriate.  Unfortunately, I am limited in this respect.I believe it is appropriate to let a person know that you can't be someplace where you are expected.  In my place I got to where I was expected but wasn't allowed to stay.  Just the same I thought it was appropriate to let the person expecting to me to be there.  It does make a difference if where you are makes it very clear that they will make no more than the most minimal effort to help you do that.  That is a how the Children's Museum of Phoenix staff handled my situation.Obviously I was mistaken when I thought I could pay cash for tickets to the event that Yelpers were invited to at this place tonight.  I discovered when I got there that you HAD to buy your tickets on line ahead of time or else you were out of luck.  My mistake was to think the staff of this place might help me to let somebody from Yelp know that I at least got there if I couldn't stay.  Talk about a group of people that were absolutely unwilling to do more than than the minimum expected of them.  I asked them if they could bring up a Yelp page on a computer so I could explain to someone what had happened.  They were going do nothing of the kind.  The look of shock that I asked was apparent on the faces of a  couple of them!  Based on what happened and their attitude toward me, I told them I wouldn't be back.   One of the women said, "I'm sorry."  I told her she would only need to have said that if she'd been willing to at least bring up a Yelp page for me and left.   Truthfully, It takes a lot to get me to say I won't go back to a place.  In this case... You might say they were terribly busy and just didn't have time for the simplest of mistakes.  There were enough of them standing around that I was taken from one group to another.  It kind of reminded me of a department store where you walk in and the sales associates are standing around talking rather taking care of customers.  If these people were busy, I'd hate to see them when they weren't...maybe in a coma?
5	CMoP's first adult's only event, Play Date, was a great night! I went to Yelp's Pley Date earlier this year and had a lot of fun. Play Date was even better. Since the museum limited the number of tickets sold, it was easy to enjoy all of the different activities. In fact, there were so many things to do, I didn't get to them all in the three hour event. Here are my highlights:1. Candy Bar Bingo: with Apple jacks as markers, I played three rounds of old-school church bingo. While I didn't win any candy, it was fun cheering on the guy who had played nine rounds and finally won. 2. Coloring/cootie catchers: my friends and I made awesome fortune tellers with redonkulous fortunes and then colored pictures of Mr. T, Aquaman, and Ulysseus S. Grant. This room was very popular. 3. Make a Button: they had souvenir logo buttons and tons of magazines to find pix in as well. The cool part was that you got to actually make the button yourself. 4. The Climber: woah...this was the best--we climbed up to sit in a rooftop, scrambled through tunnels, hung out in a bathtub, and got a great workout. Good thing there was a bar on every floor to quench out thirst. There were so many other cool things to do: giant Jenga, Slinky races, Nerf-a-Smurf shooting gallery, plus most of the regular exhibits were open for play. The dance floor was full of people learning to salsa dance. It was so much fun watching them. I can't wait for the September event to try some of the other activities an see what new stuff they plan. @ChildMuse tweeted that tickets were limited, so I made sure to get my tickets online as soon as possible because I figured this event would be popular, and I was right! It sold out three days before the big night. I will definitely get my tickets early for the next Play Date. CMoP said tickets go on sale September 1.
4	Very cool place for kids under 10, better for kids age 3-8.There's a climbing maze on the first floor that--unless they've just unloaded a busload of kids--is a whole lot of fun for the kids to "get lost in" and explore" (parents are welcome to go with, but be warned: it's rather cramped even for this 5ft 2in mother so you may wish to wait "on the floor"...which is so enjoyable in that you can look up, walk around and admire the creativity that was employed putting this play structure together. The flying bathtub is genius!My boys especially love the "Bike Wash" with tricycles, the "Noodle Forest" and the "Racers" (cleverly built from roller-skate wheels and PVC pipe).Always enjoyable as well are the make-believe ice cream cart, pizza cafe and grocery store, as well as the "Ball Room" with umpteen pipes, ramps, and funnels for rolling balls of various shapes, thereby resulting in a cacophony of chimes, bells and gongs...All kids enjoy the vacuum pipes that push/suck/blow fuzzy balls and bundles of cloth in/out. Fun!While my kids are not interested in the Art Studio, we have walked through and it seems like they have some neat projects happening at scheduled intervals throughout the day...THE ONLY WARNINGS I'LL ISSUE ARE THESE:It's expensive. When my kids were younger and I had one that wasn't in school full-time, we got the year membership for $135 (not sure what it is now but it paid for itself with just four visits with me and the 2 kids at $30 per visit) since we went at least 6 times a year... But now that the kids are both in school full-time, we only go a few times a year. $33 for the three of us is quite steep (I absolutely insist that only my husband or I go with the boys because they charge $11 for EACH ADULT as well!) and only worth it if you bring a lunch/snack and plan to stay for 2-3 hrs.Also, as other reviewers have noted, this place gets CRAZY CROWDED, especially in summer, and that can really ruin your/your child's enjoyment. Best go right when they open or 2 hrs before they close.One last thing:This is meant to be a Parent/Child experience. Those mommies/daddies that want to plop on the couch, set up their laptop and immerse themselves in work or social media should STAY HOME! The museum aides WILL tell you to stay with your kids and they will stop your unattended children and ask where their parents are.
4	went first sunday of the month thanks bofa, museum is cute! Only if you're with a kid or if you are at a yelp adult only event!
5	great for kids 7 and under... Membership is more expensive than the zoo but worth it
5	This place is so much fun, but can take a toll on your pocketbook, especially if you have more than one child over the age of 1.  Admission is $11 pp for anybody over 1 year old, but there is plenty that will keep even the wee ones entertained.  If you are very lucky, you can get a Culture Pass at the library and get free admission for 2 people for a day.  For the rest of the month of August (2012), the museum is offering $20 off of memberships.  In addition, if you pay for a day's admission to the museum and then decide you want to buy a membership, you can subtract what you paid from the cost of the membership.  It's a pretty good deal and is what ultimately made me decide to spring for a membership.  Looking forward to a year of children's museum visits!What is there to do there?  Well, I'm looking at it from the perspective of the mother of a one year old, so I'm sure I'm missing a whole lot.  But, there is a whole section that is enclosed that is for the 3 year olds and younger.  There is a lot in there for them to explore... a pint-sized doll house where they can "cook" or put baby to bed; stairs and a slide; a wind tunnel; a "plinko"-type game; a reading nook; plenty of room to crawl.  In addition, every exhibit has a small area that is just for babies so that they can play safely while older children enjoy exhibits that are age appropriate for them.My one year old has spent a lot of time in the 3 and under room, but also LOVES the noodle forest and the handkerchief machine.  I'm really looking forward to see what she is drawn to as she grows.
5	Great for young kids... tons to do and see
4	It was my first time to the Children's Museum, the kids had a blast and were wiped out afterwords... I would recommend Museum to other folks w/kids!
5	Went to the adult only play date and had a great time. I will be bringing my grandchildren here soon! There is so much to do, the facility is clean and well organized, and a lot of fun. The play date despite being sold out was not "oversold." Lines were not extreme for activities and there was plenty to do. What a great night and I can't wait to go to the next one. Great museum!!!
4	Pros:--By far the best kids' museum in the state.--Climbing structure inside is amazing and fun for adults and kids.--Lots of great activities and a room especially for the under 3's.--Some of the exhibits change out so you can often find something new.--Art activities vary along with with a theme of the month and include activities for all ages.Cons:--Expensive.--Crowded with school groups during the week.--You can lose your kid in the noodle forest...would highly suggest a sticker or tag on them with your phone number.--There's this one staff member that works there that harassed me because my child was eating in the "wrong" place and I didn't get the cracker away from my kid quickly enough for him.  Other than him, the staff isn't very happy, but they're not overly mean either.  Maybe they're stressed out?  In any case, you've been warned...follow the rules (even the ones they don't tell you) and you won't get yelled at!!
5	Any parent with young children can vouch for me on this one...keeping the attention of a three year old is, to say the least, difficult. They need constant stimulation, otherwise, there very well may be hell to pay!Enter, the Children's Museum of Phoenix!The facility is an old school, converted into three stories of pure fun and energy! After you pay your standard $11/person older than 1 (or your $22 for up to four people with a Groupon), you encounter a three story art project that can only be described as AWESOME! There are multiple ways in which your children can traverse this mammoth. The various pathways challenge children in strength, balance, and critical thinking skills...all of the ways you want to challenge your child!After your child has lost interest in this room, you progress to the second floor. Here, children get to experiment with a really cool board that can only be described as "Plinko-esque". Here, children can alter the path of a falling object by changing different platforms. My daughter thought I was a genius because I was able to predict where her object would land every time...it's a shame she'll ultimately realize how routine that feat really is.  After Plinko, children can either go to the trike wash, build forts, or they can head to the art room. After some laps through the wash, my daughter wanted to head into the art room. Being that we went right before Halloween, our child had the opportunity to make black play dough (to make spiders), she got to paint on a giant rocket ship, and then she was able to make a spooky tree out of a brown paper bag. Such simple activities...such great opportunities!After cleaning all of the paint from her smock, we made the journey up...to the third floor. Here, children get to play grown-ups. There's a mock supermarket that allows children to either shop, ring up merchandise, or work in the stock room of a miniature grocery store.After shopping, our daughter wanted to work at the little ice cream stand located just outside of the grocery. We had fake ice cream cones and sat at the tiny bistro set while we watched children make their way through the noodle forest. We then made our way to the end of the hall to race miniature race cars on roller skate wheels.Being only three floors, our day at the museum only lasted a couple of hours...but in those short hours, my daughter never stopped smiling!How on earth could you rate any place less than five stars when it brings so much joy to YOUR pride and joy?
5	My son is obsessed with the Children's Museum.He's been on several occasions with our nanny (and I've seen lots of pictures and videos of him playing there), but today my husband and I were able to see first hand just how much fun he has at this place!It was more crowded than I expected; perhaps even more so on the weekends than during the week?  My son is only 15 months old, so many of the other kids playing there were older and bigger, but it didn't seem to phase him. We spent most of our time on the 3rd floor where he painted rocks, played with flower arrangements, ran up and down the hall, went in the noodle forest, played with some cool cars, and more.  We went late in the day due to his nap, so we couldn't stay long due to the fact that they museum closes at 4pm, but we squeezed a lot into our visit.  He cried when we were leaving as he wanted to stay and play more, but I am sure we'll be back soon to play some more.It's worth noting that I've also spent time at the Children's Museum for some adult parties, and it makes a great venue for those as well.  I love that it's in an old renovated school building, and the staff is super friendly too!  I also like that they have a huge parking lot, some of which is covered, which is so nice when you're dealing with our insanely hot AZ summers!
5	We've taken our kids to the museum twice now - it's become one of our absolute favorite family destinations for when we're in the Phoenix area. There is so much to do and see for everyone, from babies to big kids. During the holidays, as can be expected, it's super busy and it's a challenge to keep track of everyone as they're dashing from one exciting room to the next, but it's worth it to see your children have that much fun in a learning environment. We've visited a number of different children's museums and this one is the best we've found so far.I highly recommend the Children's Museum of Phoenix to anyone with kids!
5	Can't say enough great things about this place! We were visiting family in the area and wanted to take our 18 month old out for some fun- so thrilled we found this museum! Super friendly staff, great pricing & CLEAN facilities. A wee bit crowded but that is to be expected as we went during holiday break. We will be returning again and again!
5	Our family had a fantastic time last week at the Children's Museum of Phoenix.  It was our second visit to the museum in as many years, and it confirmed my prior opinion that this is one of the best children's museums anywhere.  The challenge with this museum is that it gets very crowded and some of the interactive exhibits are optimized for the kids' enrichment and enjoyment rather than to facilitate the parents' supervision, which adds to the challenge of keeping a watchful eye on your little ones.  One the first level is "the Climber", where the kiddos walk, climb, crawl and explore several levels up in a complicated structure.  Museum staffers are well positioned to listen and watch for children who are upset or scared, but I had a difficult time tracking my kids' progress.  There are three places where the kids can exit, so a couple times my daughter left the structure and despite trying to track her I didn't know where she was.  Same with the Noodle Forest on the 3rd level - the kids enter the noodles and you can either try to follow or just cover the 60' +/- exit to make sure they don't get past.Our kids loved everything - The Climber, Whoosh (the scarves zipping around the vacuum tubes), the floating ping pong balls with the PVC pipes next to Whoosh on the first floor, the car wash/pedal power on the 2nd floor, the Market and of course the Noodle Forest on the 3rd Floor.  Everything was great fun.The physical plant also enhances the experience at the museum.  It is a great reuse of an historic school building.  I am a big believer that great spaces make an impression and a difference.  The building makes the museum even better.Great experience.  Highly recommend.
5	We are from Dallas and have visited several kids museums, science centers, and the like.  This is the greatest kids place we have ever been to.  It is awesome, well thought out, terrific fun for the kids, fun for adults, and also comfortable seating for adults.  Some of the staff did seem a bit, disengaged, but we were also very pleased to see staff posted everywhere.  They had probably five adults posted inside the three-story jungle gym they are famous for.  We stayed a total of five hours in one day and our kids could easily have stayed a lot longer.  Also your admission does give you in&out privileges so you can eat lunch out and come back for more.  If we could give it more than give stars, we would.  HIGHLY recommend.  Although there are tons of things here that you kids will probably be begging you to build ("Dad, why can't we build a noodle forest?!?"The only thing I'd note is that it's definitely geared more towards creative play than learning.  I'm good with that - that's how I think kids learn (Montissori and all.)  But that may not be everyone's cup of tea.  (It's a little hard to see how the noodle forest is really teaching the kids much.  But man did they have a blast!)
5	I have been to several Children's Museum across the country and this one is something special.  Three levels of amazing imaginative structures and toys.  Lots of thought went into this place.  It really is a wonderland for the little ones.
5	I just went for the first time last weekend with my son who is one. They have a special area for children three and under so we went in there. They have this platform in one corner on which my son was playing and he was accidentally knocked down by another little boy wanting to play. He ended up faceplanting the wooden floor and had a horrible bloody nose. It was his first, so I was obviously a little freaked out, but the staff responded so much better than I would have even expected! Within minutes, they had medical personnel ready to check him out, the director came in and apologized, making sure both my son AND myself were ok, an employee rushed to get ice for him and cleaned up the blood without a second thought. I really appreciate the way they reacted and honestly the way they comforted both of us. The only bad side is they charge full price for anyone over the age of one... but I can overlook that given how well they took care of us and the situation.
5	We have a membership here, so that should tell you that we go a lot more than I actually check in. Since I'm fairly new to Phoenix, this was a great place to get better acquainted with the city and all it has to offer families.The toddler room is wonderful for babies- and toddlers- to run around and explore without being mowed down by really excited school-age children. For the parents who have one baby, one preschooler or multiple older children ,there are baby zones throughout the building for parents to play with their smallest child while keeping also keeping an eye on their older kid(s). Also, the cafeteria/snack room has lots of healthy options for parents and kids!
5	A must do with kids in Phoenix.  Easily the best children's museum I've ever been to.  Huge, fun, full of variety.  The giant tree structure that greets you when you walk in is amazing - I wish I got the chance to play in one of those when I was a kid!!!  The grocery store was beautiful wreck - my kids went nuts running from station to station, shopping, paying, restocking, making pizza, serving pizza.  They were on fire.It's a bit expensive - $11 for a 1 year old?  Really?  But hey in the end if you're kids are 2+ you'll get your moneys worth.
4	Great for kids. It is a bit expensive $11 per person :(. I honestly don't think adults should pay that much, but we usually go the first weekend of every month (I'm a BofA card holder and you get in for free so I only pay for my child), or we try to get culture passes at the library. Otherwise, I would recommend investing in an annual membership if you go frequently.
5	Had our 6 year old's birthday party at the museum today.  The team was well organized and a pleasure to work with!  Everyone had a fantastic time in the party room, the climber, noodle forest and everywhere!  This is the perfect place for a birthday party.
5	Such a fantastic place for kids 1-5. I took my daughter there when it first opened and again recently. She is now 9 and didn't find it entertaining at all.
5	An excellent place for kids. Tons of things to do - I even enjoy it as a cough, cough-year old man. With my daughter, of course. Only drawback is that it can be crowded, but that's not surprising.
5	My son loves this place and now that he's almost 2 its well worth the trip. Parking is never a big deal and most are covered so the sun doesn't bake your car, also if you happen to drive an electric vehicle they have charge spots for them which even though I drive a normal car I find awesome. Its usually pretty busy but I like that my son gets more socialization. We are planning to get our son a membership for the year.
5	This place is fantastic! If your child isn't walking very well yet, I recommend holding off a bit. For the price, it just isn't worth it. We brought our daughter here for the first time a few months after she turned 1. There are 3 floors of fabulous things to do for kids of all ages! If you have a young one, the under 3 room on the 3rd floor is perfect. In fact we spend most of our time there. (My daughter is almost 20 months old now). There is an employee standing at the entrance monitoring who comes in and out. Unlike the malls where kids who are clearly too old dominate the play area, these employees make sure the big kids stay out! My daughter loves the pretend grocery store as well, but it can turn bad if there isn't a cart available for her to push around the room. We ended up getting an annual pass & as long as you go a few times it pays for itself. Definitely the most economical way to enjoy the museum. If you can come in to play after 12:30 in the afternoon it tends to be a lot less busy too!
4	I don't think there is anything I can say that hasn't been said so I will keep this short and sweet.Pros:Parking - I didn't know what to expect so we got here around opening on a weekday. The lot is a good size and there are some undercover spots. We parked with no problem but it might get packed on the weekend.Food -You can pack a lunchAttentive Staff - My daughter got a raunchy splinter in the tree house climbing thing. When I realized I didn't have band-aids I asked if they had first aid. The lady gave me one and then asked if my daughter would show her where it happened so she could check it out to make sure it was safe for other kids.Good size - Small enough to not be overwhelming but large enough so the kids won't get bored.Lockers - Near the entrance in case you don't want to tote all your stuff around.Culture Pass - Two free admissions if you are lucky enough to swoop up the culture pass at your local library.Cons:I've got nothingThis is a fun place to spend an afternoon. It may not be as big as some other Children's Museums around the country but it was a hit with my five year old, and that's all that really matters to me. Parents, put down your cell phones, iPads, what have you, for the day and just watch your kid play...and play with them. Do an art project, draw pictures in the sand table, let them "make you a pizza", build a fort together, get lost in the noodle forest, just unplug and have fun. I promise it will be worth it.Oh, and "Stroller Parking" and "Baby Only" areas are not suggestions. Please be respectful of all the other kiddos and parents who are trying to make some memories. Thanks...and have fun.
4	Kids love this place. They can spend all day here. Buy the membership its worth it, with just 2-3 visits you have gotten your money's worth and you have a year's worth of visits to go for free!  Well, at least this is how I sell it to my self. Things to do with your kids:  climb the "tree," run the noodle forest, play with the car racers, and play with the marbel/ball obstacle course.
3	We've been to the Children's Museum of Phoenix now 4 times.  2 times without Baby C (first time being at the Elite event back in 4/12 - I was 7.5 months pregnant) and at a 80's Play Date in Jan of this year.  J and I had such a good time both times, we figured we bring Baby C on one of the Target First Fridays Night and see how he did in the 3's and Under room.  We attended the Target Night first back in Feb.  Baby C wasn't walking yet, crawling and pulling up on things.  He seemed to have a decent time.  He lasted about an hour before he started getting cranky.  We tried him out again this past Friday on the Target night.  Baby C is walking now, so we figured he'd have a blast.  We were right!  He again lasted about an hour before he started getting cranky. Only downfall to the Target Free Nights is the fact that you have to wait in line to get in - and its advisable to get there before 5pm, unless you want to wait 60+ minutes.  During the fall/winter, that may be okay.  But during the summer when the temps are 100+ out, F-CK THAT NOISE!   Once we got inside Friday, we got a little bit of relief from the heat...but not much.  The 3's and under room's air was pretty stagnant/warm.  Thankfully we were one of the first in the room...so we had the corner with the fan updraft to ourselves for a few minutes.  But once people started flocking in...the room and end of the hall by the entrance to the room got stinky - FAST.  Who wants to smell BO and sweaty ball and foot funk.  The 3s and under room is shoeless, which is nice.  But really that's about the only space that you can take your toddler.  There are toddler areas in the other rooms, but they're a joke.  At $11 per person (over the age of 1) - There isn't much for a toddler to do here, so charging $11 for a little one seems like a ripoff.  In fact charging $11 for an adult is kind of a ripoff too.  How about for every paying child, an adult gets in free?!?  I mean, it's not like we're going to run off and have our own fun.  No, we're going to be watching/supervising our kids.  I'm sure we'll return for another Target First Friday Free Night, but not until it cools off and we're not sweating like pigs before we even enter. Would I buy a membership?  Maybe - once Baby C was maybe 3yrs old.
4	Great museum for small children (age 2-5)!  I DO NOT RECOMMEND going on FIRST FRIDAY'S free admission days!  The building is COMPLETELY OVERCROWDED with lines of people standing outside waiting to be let in.  As you can only imagine, along with the crowds came a nightmarish parking situation and genuine issue with safety and security concern for small(er) children.  We had a difficult time keeping track of our two kids who in the end, I think, didn't have a chance to enjoy the "exhibits" because of the overcrowding. We visited the museum on a "normal" day and it was fantastic! The building was almost empty. It was a completely stress-free, enjoyable, and rewarding visit...for everybody!4/5 stars for the fact that the admission price is clearly overpriced as evidenced by the masses of people who come on First Friday's and small crowds during other days...even week-ends.
3	The museum is great and has lots to offer. People who have enough money to spend $11 per person (including all children over 1) can have a marvelous time there. I think asking $11 for a one-year-old is ridiculous.  Infants and toddlers cannot get as much out of the museum as the older kids (art classes, etc) and they don't spend as much time in the museum because they nap. It's cheaper to take kids to the movies.  A one-year-old can ride on an airplane for free but cannot get a discount at the Children's Museum.I can't understand why they need to charge such high prices anyway since I saw their long list of charitable donors posted on the wall, including the Phoenix tax payers.
5	FUN. FUN. FUN. This has got to be one of the best kids museum/playground/romper room/energy burner/imagination sparker I've ever seen on the West Coast and Pacific Rim. Definitely worth the $11 admission. Not to mention it's beautifully air conditioned so when it's 113 degrees outside (like it was when we went last week), this place is nice and cool! I can see how this place could get crazy packed though but we went on a weekday and right when it opened so we avoided most of the crowd and our kids got to do A LOT. So when it started to get busy, we were on our home. I've been to my fair share of kiddie places and I am just impressed with the overall clean, thoughtful and modern amenities and activities they have. Would definitely come back again with any kid under the age of 10....maybe even 12 =)Pros:-Love how they have little toilets and sinks in the bathroom for the kids-the multi-purpose room for you to sit down and eat your outside food and drink-the bad-ass vacuum/scarf/blower thingy -the foam noodle forest...why didn't I think of that???-can bring outside food and drink in coolers and bags-the huge wire jungle gym/fort-racing cars tracks-make your own play pizza place Cons:-expensive snack shop. $4.75 for a sad looking pb & j, $3.00 for a small bag of chips uh.....no.
5	Love this place, maybe even more than my 4 year old.
5	WOW, what a fun experience for kids of all ages. We grout our two children here during a brief trip to Phoenix and was pleasantly surprised to find this place.When we were there, the tooth fairy came for a visit. She was a scary looking fairy. It's possible the idea of having her visit you at night is enough to keep kids brushing 3 times a day. At least it would have for me.They have a huge maze when you walk in and 2 floors of fun. This is a touch everything you see place, with some painting thrown in. If you're in Phoenix and looking for a family friendly activity, stop by for a visit.
5	Lots of stuff for even little ones to enjoy! Stopped here to play one day with our 22 month old on our vacation last week.  We live in Indianapolis, home of one of the biggest and best children's museums in the  country, but we were so pleasantly surprised by this museum! Unlike the Indy museum, which is great for "kids" of all ages, the Phoenix children's museum is a great place especially for little ones. I think we hit just about every section.  Our little guy's favorites were the noodle forest (which I thought was really fun too), the tricycle "carwash" lane, the kitchen/market, and the "floating" ping pong ball air tubes. Not too overwhelming for a half day's fun, but we could have easily made a full day out of it. We'll be sure to visit again on our next trip
1	Horrible excuse for a children's museum. I am from Indianapolis so I must be spoiled from their children's museum. This place is an exaggerated play place for kids, no hands on learning. A bunch of cheap toys an weirdly placed gimmicks, for 11$ a head I would rather take my daughter to Makutus island to play. Literally their is nothing educational at all, no exhibits, nothing. Take your kids to jump zone or something else if you want to have them run around and play.
4	I took my daughter here as something fun to do over her fall break. All in all my daughter whose seven did really enjoy it. The best part of the experience for her though was the climbing/maze area at the front. My daughter loved that and even asked to go back and play in that area again before we left. It was a little expensive for what we were able to get out of it. Yes, it was fun but a lot of the area's were pretty crowded and my daughter had to kind of squeeze in to get a turn with certain things. I did liked the fact that it was an old school turned into museum and the artwork around the museum was really impressive as well if you stopped to look at it. If you have kids this is for sure a place to check out but the younger the child is the better since there are certain area's(like the bike area) where if your child is older or simply just tall for their age that the activity will be difficult or they won't be able to do.
5	We visited the museum for our first time today.   My 17 month old loved it.  So many activities that we didn't see them all.  My lil guy spent so much time at just a few areas that I think we will be able to explore something new everytime we go there.  I had just as much fun as he did.  We went home equally ready for a nap after such an action packed day!I would like to take advantage of the free first Fridays, but the idea of it being any more crowded than it was today is a hindrance. It was full of people this afternoon. But, if there were large groups of semi-unsupervised youngsters running all over the younger ones, I could see our pleasant afternoon turning into a frustrating one.I do wish the adult admission was a little less than the child admission.  But, I am not complaining. :)Today's highlight was the noodle forest!Bring a lunch and have a picnic out on their lawn!
5	This museum is an impressively designed, well-staffed attraction that is perfect for young children (all the way down to toddlers) and their parents.Our little family came mid-morning on a Saturday on foot from downtown Phoenix. Our only complaint was how confusing the entrance is: 98% of the perimeter is wrought iron fencing. We called their customer service line and promptly received clear and cheerful instructions to get in. Crisis averted.The first floor consists of a series of wall-mounted games and the base of a giant, ornate climbing tree maze. This thing is ultra impressive: probably 50-60 feet tall and around 30 feet in diameter with bath tubs, catwalks, netting, and other interesting climbing platforms. The rest of the museum lies on the second and third floor, wrapping around the tree.This review is too short to detail all the remaining attractions, but our two-year-old went through two more floors of learning activities before passing out in a box of chicken nuggets on the way home. We will be back many, many times.
2	We were visiting my parents in the Phoenix area from Philly, and decided to bring our 7 year old daughter to the local Children's Museum. It was housed in an impressive multi storied "older" building, in central Phoenix. Plenty of free private parking. The museum itself is housed on section of the first three floors. The first floor is rather limited with activities. Without rehashing what other reviews described prior to my review, I will get to the pros and cons of this location. First and foremost, this museum is entirely geared towards toddler aged children. My daughter was rather quasi-interested in the immature offerings. We blew through the place in about an hour.  I would not recommend this for children older then 5 or 6, the museum stresses it is for children from 1 through 10.      I felt the museum offered stunning displays and some thoughtful hands on activities for children and families alike at times. However, in general, to reiterate, unless your children are 6 and under, I would perhaps find another location to preoccupy their time with. We were just as happy in my parent's resort communities pool. I will admit, and no offense intended tot he fine people of Phoenix, but our Philadelphia Children's Museum is aw inspiring! If ever out here in Philly, check out our Children Museum! My daughter managed to have fun, but she honestly felt the museum was rather uninspiring for her age. It is reasonably priced, and spacious, in fact a bit too spaciously, generating large gaps in activity areas for the children. The staff was curtious and respectful, the bathrooms imaginative and clean. Definitely check his place out if you have very young children, if not, think of something else to do wit the kids.
5	Never thought someone in their mid 20s could enjoy something this much with a 2 year old boy. Didn't want to leave and definitely the highlight of our trip to Arizona :)
4	Really fun and educational and interactive. We had a great time here! Loved the large jungle gym in the front!
3	Loved by children and parents alike! BTW, you're not allowed inside without a child in tow, which is good, lol. I only know this because I met a friend here (she has a toddler) and I was asked to wait in the gift shop for her to walk me in :D While in the gift shop the keen eyes of the shop keepers saw my childless self wandering around and approached me several times to see if I 'needed help', LOL. I've never felt more awkward. Children are everywhere. There is a tree house (the best and biggest one ever! I really wanted to climb it, but I'm afraid someone would have questioned me again, lol), an art room & 3 floors full of activities. Parent supervision is still needed and you'll see them being run ragged, but every once in a while you'll see a kid livin the vida loca and going it solo (the parent probably passed out from exhaustion somewhere). Parking is crazy. This place fills up quickly, especially if they are having a special event. There is extra parking across the street.
5	Interactive, super fun and awesome. The staff in the art room were so friendly and really wanted to get the kids involved in the artwork. One staff member, Kate, was particularly helpful and friendly with my son. He can sometimes be shy and she showed him how to get started with painting and he was able to make friends. I really love that so many of the pieces are made from recycled items. The noodle forest is so much fun.
4	Great museum for toddlers. Really like the grocery area and art room. Nice interactive activities though it would be nice to update some of the areas as they do not seem to change.  A few things could be better though...The staff is not very helpful as they seemed content in talking to each other and letting you know the rules but did not get involved in assisting of any kind.  The food offering in the cafe was not kid friendly and many of the staff were rude. After purchasing 4 drinks, they refused to provide straws and one even lied and said they did not have them...they said that straws were bad for the environment which is ironic since there were no recycle bins.  Ultimately they reluctantly gave us two straws.  There werent many great areas for younger kids (under 2) which is annoying since you have to pay for anyone over 1.
5	I go to this museum, at least, 2 times a year with my son. He loves this place. As he gets older it seems more interactive for him. He's 5 now and I plan to keep taking him until I see it's no longer of interest for him. He loves playing with the air machine and he love running through the foam rolls. He also loves running through the interactive jungle gym. I myself love going in with him (i'm pretty small). This is a good place to visit if you are downtown or what to do something fun with the kids.
5	I've been coming to this museum for 3 years now. We have memberships which are extremely affordable and pay or themselves in 4 visits alone! I highly recommended anyone with infants to kids as old as 12. There is so much to do and they learn so much. There is a cafe to buy good but bringing your own will save you. They have lockers to store your items. My favorite thing about this place is there is a 3 years and younger where it's not too rowdy or aggressive with the older kids. Definitely the place to hang for new moms!
4	My daughter is 2 years old now, and I finally took her to the Children's museum. We both had such an incredible time. There are so many things for her to do there. It really have her a chance to explore on her own as I followed her around. The noodle forest was her favorite. The staff was very friendly and helpful. It's great to go right when they open and spend a few hours before nap time. We will definitely be back!
5	If you're thinking about going.... GO!  My 4  year old grandson loved his adventure at the Children's Museum. It's wonderful! There is so much for the kids to do and to see. I would say, don't go with the expectation of seeing and doing everything though. Let the kids enjoy whatever they like, even if it's spending hours on the giant jungle gym/tree house when you first walk in. The other really neat thing is that so many of the activities are made from things we have at home, so it's a great place to come up with awesome ideas to do or things you can build at home!We went on a Sunday morning, and it wasn't overly crowded. It was really perfect!
5	I was checking the weather the day before and saw that Tuesday would be the hottest day of the week. So, I scoured Yelp for something fun and indoors and this seemed to top the list in the Phoenix area. So, I  rustled up the boy and we mosied on over to Downtown. Upon arriving you get a map of all the different things to do and boy is it a doozy. There are so many things to do and see that if I were to list them all it would be severely more mind-numbing than my reviews normally are. So, to keep it simple I'll give you my 3-year-old's top 4 things that he seemed to enjoy the most here, in no particular order.1) Pedal Power- There are a bunch of different sized tricycles that you can ride around through a "trike wash." Not the most exciting thing in the world, but he loved it and who am I to argue?2) Noodle Forest- This was a "big fun"! You get to run around like a crazed chimpanzee through a thicket of water noodles draped from the ceiling. I've gotta admit I ran through it once or twice myself--it was a definite blast!3) Pit Stop- A series of multi-level race tracks where you use gravity to move the cars from pt A to pt B. What little kid doesn't love to race cars?! My son was grabbing 3 or 4 at a time and trying to get them to crash into each other; Toddlers love mayhem.4) The Market- This was easily the most adorable thing I witnessed all day. They have a little supermarket setup with shelves, bulk foods section, cashier and even the warehouse! It was really cute seeing him walking around with a cart; "read" the labels (like his old man!); throw the stuff in his cart; and go check-out. I was talking with one of the parents and she thought it was fascinating to see how some kids automatically wanted to shop and others went straight for the cashier or bag boy roles; we wondered what that meant physiologically. Hmmmmm... There's lots more here to see and do than what I described, but you're just going to have to come down here and find out. As you can see, most of it's not very educational, but really who cares? Not everything you do with your kids needs to be a trip to Science Camp. Plus, the opportunity to run around and touch everything and the chance to interact with other kids is really worth the price of admission alone. Highly recommended for all parents with young kids!
5	Exceptional museum.  Really big, lots of activities for kids of all ages and the staff is attentive. The only gripe I could make is the price of the cafe on the second floor.  We were kind of a captive audience so we just paid it, but it was a little expensive for a family meal.
5	I've been to several children's museums all over the country, and I think the one in Phoenix is the best I have ever seen. My three year old absolutely enjoyed every moment of it - so incredibly much to see and do it's hard to do it all in one visit. My ten year old on the other hand was a little bored, so it's probably best for the very young crowd. Nonetheless, it's an awesome place. Free parking too!
4	Found a groupon for this attraction and took my son (7) and daughter (3) and wife (25 and holding) on Saturday 4/12/14. We had a blast, best $25 I've spent on wholesome family entertainment in a long while. Very clean and easy to navigate, with tons of interactive features for kids and parents to enjoy. My kids loved the 3 story tree house type structure, where they can navigate and climb through a variety of turns and ladders, to find a different vantage point to shout out "Here I am Mommy, look at me!!"The painting room is great for showing off your artistic talents with a brush and giant castle as a pallet.Lots of fun and interesting features to capture your child's imagination. I'd highly recommend this place to anyone with kids under the age of 10.
4	Great museum, good value - admission is reasonable, no extra cost for parking - lots of shady spaces! When we first went in I was skeptical, but as we kept walking,we kept discovering such fun things ... from the instruments made out of tools to the "car wash" to the art studio to the fort room (that was a winner!) and the climbing structure and area that blows scarves out .... everywhere we turned was fun and learning.A bit of advice ... the school children are there from opening until about noon - 1pm - afternoons are definitely the better time to go. We got there around 11 - total bedlam ... by 12:45 the place was quiet and about 70% less full ... a dream!A definite stop for visitors looking for something to do during the peak heat of the day!
5	Don't go during Spring break.  My kids are getting trampled by these rude kids.....good job parenting.
4	Brought the kiddos here to check it out and found that they really had a wide variety of activities. My daughter loved the art area, the big climbing tower and the little pretend area (store, ice cream stand and kitchen). My son enjoyed the toddler room and the shopping area (mainly pushing the carts!). Facilities were nice and clean and it wasn't super crowded. I felt it was a bit pricey ($11 per person) especially since there was no adult vs. child rate as I've seen in other children's museums.
4	Great place to bring the kids! I bring my daughter as often as possible. There is so much for them to do.  My daughter can spend all day in the maze. They also have a arts and crafts room where the kids get to make stuff.   There's  a room for toddlers with lots of toys where they can play with other babies.  There are always field trips so I always call ahead to see what the schedule is like and when the best time to Come is. We usually spend a good 3 or four hours there and she always leaves happy.. Hope this helps
2	We can on the 1st free Friday of the month day.This is just a huge in door play ground for kids. My daughter is 10 and she had some fun but not as much as younger kids would have.not really what I expected and if you come on the free day expect to wait if you don't get there early, luckily we did and didn't have to wait at all and there is 1000 of kids everywhere. so if you want your kid to enjoy it don't come on the free day
5	This is a great place to take your toddler to burn some serious energy.  My 2 year old loves it here.  The membership amount is tax deductible which made the $160+ easier to swallow for our family of three and they frequently have deals or promotions that get in guests for free on a regular basis.I can see how this place would get boring after a while if you have a kid older than 5-6.  But for the older kids, the first level is the best spot for them.  The younger the kid, the higher in the building you should go.  My kid spends most of his time on the third floor and there is even a great shoeless room geared specifically for kids under 3.We love it here.
3	We are from California and were in town for a baseball tournament for my middle son.  While that one was at the ball field in 108F weather, I had to figure out something to do for my other two boys -- ages 8.5 and 16.  Decided to visit the Children's Museum since pictures showed a pretty cool tree house climber.  We paid the $11 per person (adults and kids are the same price) and proceed to explore this air-conditioned space.  First thing we encountered was the climber -- a modern version of what I envision either Peter Pan & the Lost Boys or the Swiss Family Robinson might have had.  From toddlers to adults (and 16-year-olds), I have to say this was pretty cool.  Lots of tunnels and platforms, stairs and ramps.  There were cool little areas like a winged bathtub, dog house, row boat, and race car for climbers to end up at.  We spent most of our time in this area as everything else was really too small and kiddie-ish...even for the 8-year-old.  Another area that was somewhat entertaining for about 10-15 minutes was the Noodle Forest which consisted of foam pool noodles hanging vertically from the ceiling and very close formation.  You pretty much make your way (or hide) in there.  Other than those two areas, there really wasn't much for the 8-year-old...and definitely not a place the 16-year-old would have come on his own accord...but he is a really good big brother and so indulged his little brother by following and hiding from little bro through the Noodle Forest and climbing around in the tree climber.  All in all, worth the $11 per person.  Just keep in mind this is more a place for 6 years and under.
5	A great day!
5	So many different activities for everyone to enjoy. Entrance price of $11 is very reasonable. Food in the cafe is healthy and tasty. The grammar teacher in me would like the sign in the cafe corrected. It has 5 spelling and punctuation errors. I know, I am just being picky. This is a wonderful place to enjoy on a hot Phoenix day!!
5	This was such an awesome kids' museum. My kids loved these exhibits most: The paint castle! It was so cool and looked like wax from the layers and layers of paint. The noodle forest! It was awesome. Such a clever idea and attendants were there to make sure my younger kids didn't get demolished by the bigger kids blazing through. The grocery store! My son found some older kids to play with and it was so cute. They were playing loading dock and having a blast. They didn't want to leave!
5	We've probably been here over 100 times.  The great thing about this place is that they keep updating it.  The newest thing is the outside playground. Inside there are three floors with various activities. The climbing structure on the bottom floor is the flagship apparatus in the entire museum.  Even adults can try their hand at going from the bottom to the top. The art room always has something different every time you go.  Kids of all ages will find different activities that will challenge them and keep them occupied for hours.  A little side perk is that an annual membership can be partially tax-deductible.  This is definitely a great place to visit with kids.
5	Every one of my kids lives this place. My five year old loves the market. She could.spend hours in there pretending to be a cashier, grocery shopping or being the stock girl that takes the food and reshelves it from the back. I love the smelling drawers that have spices for them to sniff. My seven year old loves the art room. Painting the huge tree is so much fun. The little art projects keep her happy and then she has a little project to take home with us. My 11 year old loves the pneumatic tubes. From the huge one that is two stories tall to the little vacuum tube that he can redesign using PVC to shoot ping pong balls higher and higher into the sky. I even noticed that they have a toddler room and little areas for infants spaced around that attractions so baby brother or sister can have fun while the big kids play. My tip would be to check out the free culture passes from the phoenix library system. We checked out and got in free.
4	I visited the museum on a Thursday morning and it wasn't too busy. My son is 9 months old so we spent most of our time on the 3 rd floor, it's geared towards crawlers and new walkers. They had plenty of soft balls, large puzzles, and blocks for the little ones. They also had some soft padded mats that the babes are able to climb and crawl on.Since it is a baby area almost everything gets put in the mouth. I'm not a huge worry wart but if you are then you will probably cringe frequently. The museum does have a tiny basket that is labeled "toys that have been in the mouth" but really we would've put half of the toys in the basket. Didn't really seem logical.  I may consider getting an annual pass once my son is older. For now $11 is worth getting out of the heat for a couple hours. Also, I would pack snacks, their cafe is okay if you are desperate. Parking is limited so get there early. I would also recommend checking their website to see how many field trips will be there on a particular day. Sometimes there's 100's of kids scheduled to be there. Yikes!
1	I wish I could leave a positive review unfortunately this museum is not at all what it should be. If your thinking about taking your CHILD here it would probably be a great experience as long as they could walk. If you have more then one child and your children are close in age or your youngest is not yet walking STAY away!!!! After paying $30 for admittance to this well rated family museum within 2 minutes I was confronted with a rude staff member who yelled at me for disobeying a stupid rule that was not previously mentioned anywhere. The museum boasts about an impressive play structure which children and parents can play on however, no where is it mentioned on their website nor are you advised in brochures, by staff, or in the map that areas a restricted based on age, ability, and parent availability. My children are 4,2, 10 months my older children were beyond excited to play on the structure, as soon as I began to climb up a stair case which is all the structure truly is I was rudely yelled at from across the large room that I was not allowed to carry my ten month old through. I was informed I could fall walking up steps and my older children could play in the structure without my supervision. I know few two year olds who would be courageous enough to climb 3 stories without a parent before getting scared. I asked to speak to a supervisor who simply informed me that she would speak to her IT team to put it on said website. I was told I would find additional activities further on. I reluctantly continued as my children were already asking to do something. After climbing 2 flights of stairs safely we experienced areas were my youngest could play however my oldest was imprisoned in a small corner to read in order to be allowed into the area, a large noodle area where kids are allowed to freely ram into your children without any museum workers saying a word, play areas with so few toys only 1-2 kids can play at a time many who's parents sit idly by talking instead of encouraging turns and museum workers who text, talk with one another, or generally do not care about anything. After 1 hr we left two of my 3 children in tears because they were not able to experience the activities. While I could have demanded a refund I was so livid I stormed out just wanting to make up this horrible experience for my kids. Never have I been to a place where a parent is discriminated against for having more then one child and I am utterly ashamed that such a place pretends to encourage natural parenting with ideas such as a nursing room however when I went to nurse my son in the art room I was told to use the nursing room upstairs!!! I do appreciated the reading areas but honestly I take my children to the public library where we are warmly welcomed and accepted for who our family is and it's FREE. Long story short save your money there are much better museums.
4	I had been wanting to come here with my son for the longest. I finally went on (First Friday) which is a free night. I came around 4/5:00 and it was a little packed. The staff all smiled and greeted well. The museum was VERY packed. There are 3 floors and each level was truly fun. My main concern was the 1st floor the 3 level obstacle course. Although, my son is 4 and the staff said it was for all ages and the staff said I could go in with him. When I went in it was hard because kids were pushing my son as well in the "Noodle forrest" my son was probably pushed down 4 times. While in the pizza or grocery store room it was cute my son defiantly enjoyed his time. It was cute the only set back was parents not encouraging their children to share and kids that were 10/12 play in on things when obviously a younger peer wanted to give it a try.
4	Now that I have a kiddo of my own, this was a very different experience for me.Lots of things for a toddler to do and play with. My daughter loves the little mail box corner in one of the rooms, and the toddler play area was really cute.The noodle forest was well, kind of crazy. Even though it says WALK, there were at least 5 kids running like mad through there. Annoying.The little cafe is also not great. It's probably a better idea to bring your own snacks.I had the absolute worse hot dog of my life in there.Besides that..a great place to spend a 110 degree day. The tree at the entrance is pretty spectacular to climb too.
5	Where a Kid Can Be a KidI really like the Phoenix Children's Museum. I first found the childrens museum about three years ago and have been going ever since and it is always a great time. My nephew enjoyed the museum  so much and never wants to leave. There are lots of great activities and places to explore. One of my nephew's  favorite activities  is the noodle forest on the second floor. My nephew could spends hours in the noodle forest.  One of  my favorite room is the grocery store room, it's just so much fun.  I highly recommend the Phoenix Childrens Museum to anyone with kids from  8 months to 10  years old.  The museum  is well worth the price for a day of fun with the kids! Especially in the summer time when it's too hot to play outside.
4	This is a great Children's Museum, lots of interactive exhibits for the kids (and adults), the first time you go, you'll spend all day there, for us, we're usually in and out in about 4 hours, my daughter knows what she wants to do and we go right to it.  It's fun to pretend and this is the best place for it.
5	My 7 year old had so much fun here! There's this amazing play structure right when you enter the museum. Place was just big enough and kept us busy for a awhile. Definitely will be going back
1	We spent over $400 dollars to have an amazing birthday party for my 5 year old at the Children's Museum. During this time we purchased a family membership for the year so me and my ex could both take our daughter. When we purchased a family pass they never mentioned that my ex and I had to be in the same household to use the pass and we have successfully enjoyed the museum many times on our pass before today. When my daughter and I tried to use the pass today a very rude woman working the front counter told us that we had to be in the same household to use the pass and I could be put on as a "nanny" if my ex showed up to approve it. Excuse me? I am the MOTHER not a nanny and I was greatly offended. I can't even believe she said that! I can't believe they would rather me lie and say I was my daughter's nanny then tell the truth that I am her mother, but she has two homes one with her dad and one with me.We have been coming to the museum for years and it just left a bad taste in my mouth the entire visit. There are so many families that are split up and I should not have to have my daughter embarrassed at the front counter of a museum because her family is different than a traditional family. I am so disappointed and I really hope when I call a manager on Tuesday that there is an apology or we will never spend another dime at this discriminatory establishment!
4	We come all the time on 1st Fridays.  ITS FREE ADMISSION! Today was for a play date with my daughters friends. The girls are all around three years old. It was 11$ to get in (each) which I thought was steep. One of the moms did find a "Groupon" for today!bummed I missed out on it. :( we got there at 9 in the morning, and it wasnt to busy at all. I packed a lunch, we ate outside the cafe, and the girls okay d in the equipment. Around 1230 it was pretty busy, but all in all we had a great time there. I'll probably just stick to going on first Fridays though.
5	My 2 and 5 yr old love this place. So much hands on staff well knowledge and very friendly.
5	This place it amazing! We brought our 22 month son to adventure around and we ALL loved it. There is so much to do, see, and learn here. Our son especially enjoyed putting the scarfs in the air chutes, the car tracks, and the tricycles. I liked the pool noodle forest the most. If you have kids, this is a great place to go on a hot summer afternoon.
5	My son is three years old.  He isn't quite ready to run around in the 'climbing structure' on the first floor.I have learned to take him straight to the third floor, which is perfect for kids his age.There is a large "styrofoam noodle" forest hanging from the ceiling.  He spends lots of time in there bumping through stuff.  One end of the third floor has a dual race track thing - he runs to get the cars, takes them to the top, lets them go, watches them, and then repeats.  He can go back and forth between the noodles and the race cars for over an hour.On the second floor, they have some excellent "art projects".  I don't know the schedule for this, but there has always been something happening while we have been there.
4	Me and my wife took our 18 month old and he had a ball. We will be back.
5	Wow this place is freaking awesome!  Good time for kids and I even had a good time here!
5	This is such a great place to take young children to.  Amazing activities and learning around every corner.  The best thing to do is to walk in and let your kids be themselves.  Let them play in the grocery store they way they want to (while respectful of others), or create their own contraption on the magnetic walls.  I love seeing my son and his cousins explore and create in all the rooms.The best deal is to get a membership.  With so many ways to play and learn, the museum offers endless options for kids.  My son has never been bored regardless of how many times we've gone.
5	I am only sad that we didn't have enough time here! We were here in October & the weather was around 90. We didn't get to do the outside stuff because it was sooo hot. Make sure to go early enjoy the outside then move inside for the rest of the afternoon. The only negative we had was that the outside picnic area was not convenient once the outside play area closed. I'm hoping the remodeling they were doing was to fix this. The kids didn't want to leave. They loved figuring out what recycled items were used to create the new item. We spent most of the time climbing up the play structure even daddy got in on it. I loved the grocery store. How amazing to use recycled containers that they see every day for mass play. I wish we lived closer so that we could go more often. It is 100% geared towards children.
5	FUN FUN FUN, I felt like a kid when I entered the place.  My kids were extremely happy when they were in the museum.  I kept rushing them because I was afraid that they won't be able to see all the things that's in the museum.  We started around 12, and in a blink of eyes, it is 4 already.  before we leave, my kids told me this is the best museum so far.  they want to be able to come again before we head back home.
5	Unbelievably wonderful place for kids to spend the day. Very clean. Good food even. The three story tall treehouse in the middle of the place is mind blowing cool!! Everyone with kids should go out of their way to make it here!
5	My husband and I spent almost a full day at the Children's Museum Of Phoenix. Spectacular place with stunning views and wonderful art from multiple genre's and time frames.Would recommend it highly, even the food choices available were pretty good! Good family outing,but would go back with just my wife as well.
4	This was a fantastic way to spend a day in Phoenixs. I love to take photos and the views, architecture and landscape around the Getty are exceptional. Parking was easy and as long as you get there early the wait for the tram up the hill is very fast. The garden is breath taking. Bring a blanket and find a spot in the shade and you can have a wonderful picnic. We had a baby with us and getting around the museum with a stroller was very easy.
5	Wonderful experience for our 16 month old and 8 year old. We lost the 8 year old, and the staff were efficient in locating her in less than a minute.Plenty of things for children to do.
4	Visited here awhile back. Was a nice experience, first time to visit. Very good art museum and gardens to compliment the views.
5	This was going to be a couple hour to do something. There is so much neat stuff here to see. We ended up staying the whole day until closing and still didn't gett to see verything. We are diffently going back. A great place to take vistors from out of town. Only price is a low parking fee for all day.
4	Quite possibly the most attractive art museum in the world. I go to art museums as a matter of course wherever I am, and I have seen some beauties (better in the US than in Europe -- don't let the Eurosnobs tell you different), but nothing like this. The buildings' clean lines, the location -- unparalleled.It will be interesting to see how this place ages. Those fusty old 19th century museums were state of the art once, too.
4	You really need a whole day to see this centre. The gardens are spectacular, as are the views.
