5	Say!  My second five star for a review!....OK...Here's the lowdown on this particular Mimi's at Avondale off the Dysart Exit on (HWY 10)---Extremely easy to get to from the freeway going east or west bound.  it is on the north/west side of the freeway.  Me and a friend came for a quick lunch/dinner bite to eat after work...4:30 pm...The service was first rate, prompt, courteous, considerate of our timing needs IE: we needed time to talk and review the menu....The cleanliness was extremely clean!  The decor is Cajun in motif, and the over all layout is more than adequate for parties up to eight people....They may have a conference section..?(I didn't ask).  The prices are moderate, the place-settings spit / spot! and the atmosphere was welcoming.  I ordered the salmon with steamed veggies----Both were perfect!  Then afterwords I had the bread pudding in whiskey sauce!  Oh Man!  Again, perfect!But what impressed me the most---was the waiter's service and care to be considerate of our needs in timing, refills, our own space, and professionalism!  [if I were in a dump of an establishment, and received the service we received from this waiter, most places would probably get at least four stars!----lol]  I guess this means that the service actually means more than what goes into our mouth!  I'm looking for a genuine attitude of concern for our needs, more than the quality of the fare being served...Weird...I know....but true!  As it turned out though, the salmon was very well done.  Not dry or overcooked, and flavorful.  Parking is all around the restaurant and I felt completely safe, comfortable, at ease, and welcomed there.Just watch the next person give this place two stars or worse...lolAt this point though, I welcome anyone to---- 'Bone That's Petite' at this location.
5	Wife and I love it and my out of town parents can't wait to visit it when they come into town.. and the PUMPKIN PANCAKES YUM!!!I whole-heartedly recommend Mimi's!!!
3	I love to come here for the eggs benedict. The food has been consistently good for breakfast. Service has been good and bad, but management is always walking around to see how things are going. They have great bloody marys and mimosas. They also have a lot of healthy choices on their menu for those watching their figure.
5	I love soup, could eat it every day. Rarely do I find a place where I enjoy all the soups available, but Mimis fits the bill. They have enough choices to satisfy my many moods. I usually get a grilled cheese to go along with it. Did I mention I love grilled cheeses too. I know I have ordered other foods here but can not remember what. I do know I have enjoyed it all. We have also been lucky to get an up beat server with each visit. I also love the building, I want one overlooking Lake Tahoe for a house.
4	This is the best Mimi's I've been to so far. The service was great and the food was delicious as always. The only thing that bothered me was the akwardness of the atmosphere.Nonetheless, I'm not a big eater and I'm really glad they have a 'just the right size' menu..ahh.
4	I LOVE Mimi's! The service was great at this one and I had the stuffed blueberry pancakes! So so so good!! I wish we had one where I live....sigh.....
1	Went here to satisfy my craving for eggs benedict with my husband. We both got the basic benedict with the home fries. I also ordered some blueberry muffins and a mimosa. My husband asked to keep the lunch/dinner menu to look it over because we have only had breakfast here and wanted to look at the menu while we waited. They were not busy at all but our server kept asking if we were done looking at it..after asking about three times it got annoying and we just put it down and she immediately scooped it up, it was just weird.When the food came all looked great and we dug in. I was happy and looked over to see how the husband liked his and saw a horrified look on his face. He had taken a bite and looked down and saw a very large hair on the egg. Also both or our home fries were cold...which has been an issue before. We got new potatoes and a new benedict and both were delivered by a manager that apologized for the inconvenience and hoped this would be better. All was fine until we got the bill and we were not compensated in any way, we even waited a while to see if the manager would come over and do or say something. Another manager was walking around and we called her over and told her what happened. We were told the girl was new and they would of course comp the meal. She actually ended up comping the entire bill..even my mimosa...and that is where the 1 star comes in. That was really great that she did that and it was very much appreciated. We tipped the girl $10 ( our bill was $29.54).Although they did remedy the situation and went above and beyond what they had to do...finding hair in food and having the issue with the cold food more than twice, is just not acceptable. I was also surprised that since our server was new that when the manager got involved with the issue that they would make sure that it was resolved correctly...or the manager that first came by could have made a gesture at that time to let us know the meal would be taken off the bill. Instead it was blamed on the server...I don't like that at all. I may go to another Mimi's..just not this one
4	This review will be short and sweet. I promise!I was able to have breakfast here with the guys as our weekend was coming to an end and it was pretty darn good. I ordered the pancakes with scrambled eggs and extra crispy bacon. YUM! Dennis ordered the Mardi Gras omelet with fruit and I swear the is the second time this weekend he had mardi gras something. The first was mardi gras pasta over at pappadeaux. Hmm I see a theme lol. JD ordered eggs and chicken sausage and let me just say I have never heard the word sausage sound as naughty as it did with these two around. Even our server Steven was blushing by the time we left.All in the the service was good, the food was good and the company was awesome.  I will have to come back and try lunch or dinner one day soon.
4	Love this Mimi's. My favorite breakfast dish is the crab cake egg benedict. The service is always fantastic, and there are always great coupons you can sign up for! Simple and sweet, this place is a comfy, fun place to fill up on a yummy breakfast!
5	I love this place. My brother's girlfriend took me out for a girl's brunch and my the end of the meal I was ready to call her family. Partly because of her picking this location. First it's a beautiful building, looks like some beautiful cottage wrongly placed in this city. Greeted warmly as soon as me enter and they should us to a lovely booth. I'll wait hours for a booth! There were so many great things on the menu it was so hard to choose. I finally decided on the French Toast breakfast with turkey sausage and grapefruit juice. I love that they have a non-pork alternative for breakfast. (Other places should take note.)As we chatted I looked around the room and it made me feel like I was in some over sized European cafe. All it was missing was outdoor seating. And the smell was great - not that over cleaned cafeteria smell like some places. Just coffee, pancake, sweet fruit - gave the feeling like there could have been a small garden in the back (there isn't that's the parking lot). Additional the servers were very attentive. They seem to float in and out so smoothly we never had to ask for anything because they already had it done. I think we went at the perfect time, when walking out we could see a big crowd and a line building outside. But this place is definitely worth the wait. Last note - they even have a cute bathroom take the time to look at the walls.
5	I love this Mimi's.I love them all, but this one is the best of a great chain.  I don't often find myself near one, but when I do I usually make the most of it.The french onion soup is wonderful, and I've never had a bad sandwich there.  Breakfasts are works of art, so good looking that I hesitate a half second before digging in.  The muffins, breads, and rolls are always tasty.  The rest of the menu is excellent, with various offerings of classics like meat loaf, sandwiches, fish and chips, salads, and classic entrees.  Don't forget dessert, big enough  to share, but good enough not to want to.And service?  Service is usually excellent (barring misadventure) and is usually friendly.  You will get all the time you need to enjoy your meal without feeling abandoned or pressured.  In the few instances where things were not what they should be, the manager made a point of making it right.I'm always looking forward to my next visit, and I've never been disappointed.
5	Amazing Food and Great Service! They are a little pricey....
4	I love Mimi's, and I love this location. My mom and step-dad go here at least once a week (usually for breakfast) and I got with my mom at least once a month. I am a HUGE fan of the broccoli and cheddar omelet (although they no longer have it on the menu, they still make it if you ask) and I love trying all of the seasonal items they offer. In the last month I tried the cinnamon brioche french toast (excellent) and the lemon poppy seed pancakes (pretty good but not great) as well as the new chocolate mousse muffin (to DIE for). I have never had a bad meal here, but obviously I have liked some things way more than others. The coffee is yummy and the apple juice is good too. Service is, 9 times out of 10, great. The manager serves one day a week, every week, and I love when we get sat at one of her tables. Sometimes you get the server who is slow to refill drinks and bring the bill, but that can happen anywhere.Also, sign up for their email club. We get coupons all the time. Buy one entree get one half off, get one free, that kind of thing.
3	Service was excellent.  Very friendly.  I had eggs benedict and wasn't a big fan of their hollandaise sauce.  Overall food was good but average
4	It is always a chore to find some place you can take kids under 5 for dinner and still get a cappuccino, a glass of wine or a broiled salmon for yourself without feeling like you are intruding on the date crowd or the adults..I myself have been out with my friends at a steak house or bar and had a family with little kids complain that WE were too loud or obnoxious or "adult" for their kids...  of course when it happens.. i am  thinking.. "well this is not a kid joint, people!" So, when i do take my niece and nephew out, i like to take them somewhere they can behave the way children do.. eat what they want (spaghetti, pizza, cheeseburgers etc) and still not feel like I am in truck stop diner...This place is the perfect in-between.. not Dennys.. but not so "fancy" that little kids are treated like the plague. In fact as soon as you are seated with little ones the hostess brings each child a snack plate with cheerios, orange slices, crackers, a bib and hand wipes..  this makes the children feel special and also suppresses the mad hungriness that makes little angels into screaming banchees while you are waiting for the server.They have the usual kid menu with good choices for fruit, veggies and everything ranging from mini-corn dogs to pizza. (kid standard)For the adults, they have a fairly good wine list, full bar, a good choice of cappuccinos and flavored coffee as well as some really good specialty drinks like the seasonal gingerbread martini.The menu is pretty diverse, but I love that they do brown rice as a side to replace more high fat choices if you want.Their bread basket is killer.  An assortment of cakes, muffin type bread and regular rolls that are way too tempting!My broiled salmon was very good and the tomato bisque was nice. My sister had a salad and some clam puffs. The kids feasted on mini corn dogs, fruit and mini burgers.I am a fan of their breakfast as well. I love that they serve chorizo and eggs, bennys and quiche.. but i am always tempted by their Belgian waffle! The great thing about breakfast here is that when they are busy, they have a selection of breads and coffee in the waiting area, so you can snack while you wait.Anyway, if you are looking for a family restaurant that doesn't feel like a dummed down dive...  this is a good bet.
3	We belong to the eclub and get weekly coupons. just yesterday had a spend $30 get $10 off.  It was lunch so the bill came to $25.  We were able to buy two muffins to bring the bill up.  I like eating there.  Only gave it three stars because I have had a few not so good meals.  One thing seems to be consistent..don't order the eggs benedict.  I love the broiled flounder and my husband loves their salmon.  Liver and onions usually over cooked.  Most often staff is very accommodating. I'm a big fan of their blue cheese bacon and chicken quesidilla which is off the menu but the cooks is accommodating and makes it for me. Meal may not be a five star, but can't beat buy one, get one free.  Give it a try!
2	I received a buy one entree, get one free coupon for joining their fan club membership so my son and I went this morning for breakfast. Got there around 9am. Greeted and seated immediately in a nice booth. Waitress was quite knowledgeable and took our order after giving us time to peruse the menu. I ordered the Country fried steak and eggs which comes with OJ, country potatoes and toast as did my sons breakfast which he ordered the standard bacon and eggs with an extra egg. We both agreed that the breakfast was OK, both our potato sides were cold. I had a small thick dollop of gravy on my country fried steak, which was quite good but had to ask for extra gravy. Put in a serving bowl it was so thick it wouldn't pour so I used a spoon. I spread it on my Country fried steak with a butter knife much like you would a piece of toast. Weird! Watch out for the coffee. If you are offered flavored coffee it is extra. Hidden charges for everything. In other words, even with the coupon the total came to almost $20.00. for 2 average breakfasts. (tip, cancer donation, etc.) I had to do a double take on the check to see if they included the coupon. Nothing really bad but nothing really good either. I should have known better! Probably not coming back. My son seconds the motion.
1	My wife and I stopped by for a week day dinner, arrived around 4:30pm and was seated immediately. The waitress was friendly and attentive, the bread basket was the highlight of the day. The wife got a burger with fries, average burger and fries were unimpressive. I ordered the meatloaf, very sad, it was from a can then heated on the grill, mashed potatoes were instant and the gravy was store shelf canned at best. The vegtables were mixed brocholi and carrots, they could not decide to serve them raw or cooked, so they just half cooked them, carrots were very rubbery. Thirty dollars for this dinner was a disgrace, we won't be going back to any Mimi's anytime soon.
1	Had to eat here with coworkers for lunch today and was incredibly disappointed. My $8 caesar salad was probably the tiniest I've ever had. Service was slow, the entire table was nearly finished before mine arrived, and staff was unapologetic. I've had side salads larger than the full salad they served me for lunch. Overall a miserable experience and I won't be back.
4	Mimi sampler is a good appetizer.  The zucchini is cut the long way, for a good zucchini flavor over the breading.  I enjoy the Chicken Cordon Bleu, as it tastes fresh, and well cooked.  In retrospect this meal was heavy on the fried side, so I will search for a different combination next time.
4	This is the best deal out there. Wife and I wanted something light for dinner, we both ordered French Onion Soup which comes with an assorted breadbasket. Soup and bread were fantastic, and the bill came to $11.22 including tax! We tipped extra because I was kind of embarrassed by how low our bill was, and the service was great. This is a great choice for a light meal.
2	My experience here started out fine.  We were seated fairly quickly and our waitress came and got our drink orders right away.  We then decided what we wanted to eat and ordered.  We got our soup right away, but there was quite a lag between getting our soup and our food.  When it was almost to the point where we were ready to flag someone down and ask what was going on our food arrived.  My food was cold when it arrived.  I also did not like the special that I had ordered (chicken Madeira crepes) mostly because it was a soggy mess (probably from sitting for too long before it finally got brought to the table).  I guess next time I will stick with chicken pot pie.  My husband got a blue cheese burger and said it was good.  Sometime while we were eating, our waitress just seemed to disappear.  We had ordered dessert when we ordered our meals so it was just a matter of letting her know we were ready for it.  We waited, and waited, and waited.  Finally she came out and said she would get started on our desserts.  We waited some more.  When someone from the back finally brought our desserts out to us he handed me the triple chocolate brownie.  But I ordered the chocolate mousse.  When I brought this to his attention he informed me that they didn't sell the chocolate mousse anymore and hadn't for about a month.  Okay, well, it was on the menu, I ordered it, and the waitress didn't say anything but subbed a brownie without asking me if that was okay?  Not cool in my book!  After we got our dessert situation settled we ate them and then waited for the check.  And waited, and waited.... Finally I had to take my kids out to the car because it was just taking too long and they were done.  My husband came out to join us about 15 minutes later.  We clocked our visit at just over 2 hours, and that was because we were constantly waiting on the food or the waitress.  Add that to the fact that my meal was sub-par and the whole dessert fiasco, I can say we will not be going back.
4	We come here pretty frequently for breakfast.  Delicious goodness.  If you get a meal that comes with a muffin, it's a LOT of food.  Enough to share.  Our favorite, chocolate mousse muffin.  Deeee-lish!
2	This is my first time being to Mimi's in about 10 years. We went to celebrate my grandma's birthday dinner so there were 6 of us. We were seated quickly and our drink order was taken relatively quickly. And then we waited, and waited, and waited. Finally I had to get someone's attention to come and take our order (and it wasn't even the guy who took our drink order) We waited for a good 30 minutes for our food which is fine, but then it came out cold. It was rather disappointing. It took them about  6 reminders to bring my aunt's muffin she had order but we finally got it when we were paying the check (at least it was warm...). Both my dad and I got stomach aches from the food. Luckily it only lasted until about mid afternoon the next day, but thinking about it still makes me queasy. The atmosphere is inviting, but the were definitely short staffed last night. Poor waiter was running around like a chicken with his head cut off, so I can be sympathetic to that. However, I won't go there again for dinner. Ever. Maybe breakfast. Breakfast seems to have good reviews.
2	The meal was a lot smaller than the picture in the menu. The service was slow every time I come here, I don't know why. It wasn't that crowded and I saw enough waiters and waitresses. If you don't use coupon there are 2 more menus to choose from, it's weird. I probably won't come here again, I like Wildflower bread company better.
1	**Gee, it won't let me give a 0!  DO NOT EAT AT THIS RESTAURANT!**I made the mistake of having dinner here last night and I can only ask... "What happened to the "old" Mimi's that served palatable food?"I had out of town visitors last night and made a really BAD choice on Mimi's!   The three of us all ordered different dishes and ALL were horrid!  The one common factor was bad food!  The mashed potatoes were cold, flavorless and extremely dense.  After complaining to our server and the hostess we were finally able to speak to the manager...  GUESS WHAT?  The "old" menu of yummy dinners has been converted into a "commissary" menu - frozen meals reheated.  The specifics:  1 member of my party had the turkey dinner - he said the meat tasted "funny" like it had not been stored properly, I was unwilling to taste it.  I had the chicken picata which was NOTHING you'd associate with picata!  Instead of the rich, buttery, lemon/wine based sauce, theirs was GREEN, it had been reheated to the extent that the sauce had separated and had a granulated appearance, the chicken had no flavor and was difficult to cut with a steak knife.  The other member in our party had the Chicken Cordon Bleu...  another menu mystery served with the yellowish glob of "mashed potatoes".  Although we called our server over to tell her the "potatoes" were cold, no effort was made to replace them!  The server didn't even give the slightest hint of concern over our dissatisfaction!Yes, they did deduct some of the charges it didn't even come close to repairing the damage done to our dinner "experience".  All 3 of us suffered varying degrees of stomach distress well into the evening.Sorry folks, the Mimi's Cafe of a few years ago is a distant memory - do not waste your money here!By the way, I've eaten C-Rations and MRE's that had more flavor than Mimi's "food"!
1	The question comes up again - what happened to the old Mimi's?  The food quality has gone down hill tremendously (tasted canned/old) and the service was not very good (not attentive and "fake-nice").  The bathrooms look like they need attention (maintenance and cleaning).  No thanks.
1	We stopped for breakfast at this Mimi's on our way out of town and oh my... what a disappointment. I have been to Mimi's at Desert Ridge and Metrocenter, and they have been OK, but we would never come back to this one.The food was very plain, the plate looked huge with just a few potatoes... My husband ordered hot tea and the cup they brought him was nasty. I understand some stains are hard to remove, but I did clean some smudges with my finger...When we brought it to the attention of our waitress, she behaved like, 'oh there are just coffee stains...' but still took it to replace it. Since no one brought another cup, we asked the person that brought our food, (yep, that is how long it took) and just then she was in her way to our table...She even said it took her so long because she had to go 'hunt' for a clean cup...What kind of excuse is that?We also had asked for crispy bacon, she even wrote it twice, and yet we got regular bacon. We sent it back and even after that it was not crispy at all...So yeah, they didn't pass the crispy bacon test.Oh well...
5	I would like to say thank you to Christin. We had the worst service here the last time with an assistant manager leaving a new server to drown! This time we got a server named Christin and is was amazing! Super fast, always smiling, not bothersome at all, and as alway.... Mimi's awesome lunches! I would recommend this lady to everyone on top of hiring her on the spot to work for me!Thanks again Christin!
1	Terrible service. Terrible food. Too warm and dirty. Yuck! Not much more to say.
5	First, let me say, I was very afraid of what we'd find because of two reasons.  1 - It was Thanksgiving and we didn't have a reservation. 2 - We had been to another Mimi's in Scottsdale and it was horrible.  First, we walked up around 2 PM on Thanksgiving Day without reservations, but the manager found room for us to sit with two kids.  The turkey was probably my least favorite part of the meal.  The dark meat was good, but the breast tasted suspiciously like pre-packaged turkey.  Anyway, I had a couple of drinks also, and the bartenders were wonderful.  The staff were of the caliber of a much more expensive place.  All in all, I was very impressed.  We will be returning on a day that is not as hectic.
3	I had lunch here with my friend and daughter on Saturday.  Our waitress, while sweet, seemed overwhelmed.  It took her a few more minutes to bring us our drinks, and take our orders than I would have expected, but I could tell she was working as fast as she could and probably had too many tables.  The food was okay, although my chopped Cobb Salad wasn't presented quite as smartly as it appears in the photo on the menu, it was in more of a jumble than a perfectly lined up presentation.  My French onion soup had a delicious flavor, although the Swiss cheese covered French bread on top was chewy and very hard to eat because I couldn't cut it into pieces.  Finally, my bran muffin was among the best I've ever had, and I know from bran muffins.I did notice that the table next to us was unbussed and remained that way the whole time we were there; that mess was slightly distracting.  Another slightly unpleasant thing was that our table was positioned right next to a side exit to the restaurant and when people opened the side door to leave we got an Arctic blast of air right in our faces. (I guess that wouldn't be an issue 99% of the time here in the Valley, but this weekend it was certainly cold enough for it to be uncomfortable to sit at that table.) The damage for lunch for three girls was $52, plus adding a 20% tip and it made for a slightly higher priced lunch that I would have preferred, but for an occasional special lunch I guess it's okay.  I will say though, that $2.59 for each soda and iced tea is just too friggen high.  Honestly, it should be about $1.99 per fountain drink, maximum.
3	Not quite as good as it once was.Seems a bit tired.Food was not presented well and lacked flavour.But it is still ok, just not great.
3	Hit and miss, but good pancakes and FO soupMy experience goes between good and bad at this Mimi's.  Food is usually good for a chain place, but the service makes or breaks it each time.  On a good day, we get someone attentive, who brings out food and drinks promptly, is friendly, and gets us out the door in about an hour to hour and 15 minutes.  On a bad day, we wait 10-15 minutes to order, 5-10 minutes for drinks, 20-30 minutes for our food, have to ask for any refills, get a mix of hot and lukewarm plates, wait 10-15 minutes for dessert, and then wait another 10-25 minutes to finish paying.  We've learned that if our server is slow, we need to skip dessert and have something elsewhere.Average loudness and pricing.  If not for the Minnie Mouse pancakes and french onion soup, I might avoid the place for being bipolar on the service side.
1	I've been going to Mimi's since I discovered them in '06 and my visits have now become very few and far between. Long time customers could probably agree that the customer service in most places is like a casino game, you get lucky every once in a while but most of the time it's a shot in the dark. Also the prices have gone up while the quality and quantity goes down. And for someone like me who had a "usual" it was very surprising to see the kinds of changes being made over the years. Also...don't go past 7pm, you'll get left with the slim pickings. I had a Ceasar salad so soggy and the croutons were not fresh, you could squish them with the fork. Thankfully when we showed the manager she didn't charge me for it.The evening staff is also a younger, not very experienced group. We were sitting in the booths next to the kitchen and we could here them joking and cussing with eachother. They also left some guy waiting with a to go order over 5min just to fetch change they clearly forgot. So there was more than one person who left disappointed.I used to really like this place, but I definitely think tonight Is the last time my family and I will be returning.Sad and done giving this place second and third chances...
3	Good service, OK food, overpriced for what you get
2	Just another Mimi's. It is a chain. The attempt to set themselves off with opening doors and greeting people is a bit saccharin it execution, although it is a good idea. The appetizers and salad were corporate creations with little panache.  The service was between slow and moderate, on what appeared to be a small crowd. I will be moving on. Goodyear / Phoenix is such a large area and there are so many choices. Sorry Mimi's
3	Not the best food you have to ask for bread the staff are nice food is okay not much food to choose from ....
1	Hands down the worst breakfast I've ever eaten. Bacon over cooked, potatoes under cooked, fruit plate I wouldn't even eat and an English muffin that was as hard as a hockey puck. The only good thing was the eggs and fresh orange juice.
1	They ruined my wife's birthday dinner.  Very slow service.  My son's steak tasted like sand (freezer burn?).  The waitress said that they are getting new steaks next week.  My daughter and I had the chicken - Dry ... She had a "creamed corn" which means that the corn was in a "biscuits and gravy sauce".  My wife had the oriental chicken salad - it was ok.
5	Our local Cerritos, CA Mimi's has experienced such a severe decline in service, menu choices and quality of food that I didn't have great expectations here.WRONG, Wrong, wrong . . . Our waitress, Amanda #4030, got it all right. Good menu choices. Grandson ate first. Hungry and restless he devoured his pancakes. The majority of us followed with lunch choices from Caesar's Salad to pancakes to bouillabaisse to tomato bisque to French onion soup and assorted sandwiches. All delicious.Attentive service. Amanda kept the drinks filled and her presence visible. She positioned a portable cradle at the end of our table so my daughter could eat while attending her infant. Fits any make or model carrier.  Looks like thishttp://www.amazon.com/Infant-Seat-Stable-Cradle-Color/dp/B003UCWI4G/ref=pd_sim_sbs_ba_1Our late arrival joined us at the end of our meal. Amanda was right there with her meal and drink, tout d' suite.Thank you, Amanda, for taking good care of a group of weary travelers.
2	Service was super slow. Server forgot parts of order and had to remind her several times. Pancake, at 2.00 was dry and flavorless. And, no salsa?? What gives with this?  Honestly, we get a much better deal and meal at Dennies! Stay away from this place Ohh, had to go find the wait staff to pay our bill.
2	Mimi's Cafe...let me take a deep breath before I start.My love for Mimi started in the 90's. She was a quaint old gal, that welcomed you into her place with open arms. She seemed so different than all the others with her unique decor and subtle touches. She had beautiful pink tablecloths for breakfast and black and white checkered tablecloths for dinner. She had fresh flowers at each table. Her staff was well trained, attentive and dressed in bright colored aprons. Her food was excellent and plentiful. She would include sliced oranges as a garnish for the breakfast plates. She had colorful plates, with different designs around the edges. When she put your plate in front of you, you would say 'wow'! I would visit her every chance I got, to try a different muffin every time and partake in the soup that warmed my soul. She was consistently great and I looked forward to seeing her every time. However, Mimi was sold to a new ownership group and her charm did not come along...The last time I visited my old gal, she wasn't as welcoming. She didn't have any table clothes covering her plain wooden tables. She didn't have any flowers on the tables. Her staff is dressed in all black and not as attentive or knowledgeable. Her food is average and scarce. She uses plain white plates, with no garnish alongside the food. When she puts the plate in front of you, you wonder why you gave her another chance. She is consistently bad and I can no longer watch her continue to decline. If you do decide to visit my old friend, you may have a better experience, simply because you did not visit her in her prime. The old Mimi's Cafe...she ain't what she used to be, many long years ago :-(
2	Not even close to a good breakfast. Had their Pommes Lyonnaise Benedict. Hollandaise was grainy and separated. The Pommes was a gooey bunch of hash browns shaped into a circle and then tossed onto a griddle for half a second. The poached eggs were cooked properly. The bacon was soggy and sandwiched in the middle was soggy half cooked spinach. I asked for toast and received two "toasted" pieces of bread with no jelly, even though I was charged $2 for toast and jelly. The waitstaff is okay, very unobtrusive- which I like, and the pricing and food quality really isn't their fault. I won't be returning. The West Valley needs more brunch places!!!
4	We stopped here for dinner after my car broke down and had it towed. The service was very efficient and friendly and we were seated right away. I had a salad their Mediterranean Chicken which was excellent and very fresh tasting. The bread was served warm which we love.So great place to go for dinner .
5	Mimi's is unlike many other big chains because their food is French inspired, and most people go here for their favorites...French onion soup, corn chowder, muffins, and the carrot bread.  But I think most everything on the menu is very flavorful and delicious.  It's unique from the other big chains. I love the decor...so cozy and lots of things to look at. I also love the free bread basket for dinner. Sometimes I have been here and service has been a little slow, but they always make it up to you with free food.  I love Mimi's!  We go here quite often.
5	Stopped in for breakfast with a friend. Eggs cooked perfectly and bran muffin was hot and delicious. Service fast and friendly. Very nice experience.
2	Managements poor planning makes for an unpleasant experience. Waited 30 min to be seated which is typical for breakfast on a Friday morning, but waiting 45 min after we order for our food to come out is absurd. The managers have no clue what is going on, probably hired with no skill, no know-how on scheduling, estimating traffic, or management skills. Second time being here and I will never be back. Stick to local places where they still care.
5	I do not agree with the low rated reviews; farther from the truth. My husband and I go here all the time. The food is clean, well prepared, and absolutely delicious. We are seated right away and constantly checked upon..excellent customer service!
2	Poorly understaffed don't plan on a quick lunch I got my food the same time as the gal who walked in 20 min after me I was sitting at bar and can equate this to a fast food restaurant
5	Our server Was awesome! I had never been here before and he made a wonderful recommendation! Can't wait to go back and try the apple bacon waffles!
5	Delicious. If you're looking for your typical "greasy spoon", this is not the place for you. Come to Mimi's for an upscale bistro experience. My wife and I loved the atmosphere and the food.
2	Here on business from Louisville KY.  Just paid over 17 bucks for 2 tiny tenderloin medallions (filet mignon).  I ordered it medium and it came out over well done and very dry.  Probably one of the worst steaks I have ever had.  I wish I took a picture.  It was also drenched with salt.We were seated right next to kitchen and all I could hear was people having a conversation in Spanish in the kitchen.  Seems like they were more worried about hanging out than doing a good job cooking. We were the only ones there which should have been a sign.I dont like to complain and I hate to see food wasted so I ate it (most of it anyway).The service was good which is the only reason I did not give it 1 star.The reason I came here is because the one close to where I live is always really good. This one was just horrible. They need some help. May want to start with hiring a good cook and getting better management.The food took a long time as well but again. We were the only ones there.  Very disappointed to see a place with potential be so horribly ran. Maybe with better management this place would be better.I should have checked yelp before I came.
2	Came here later on a Saturday.  Service was good, food not so much.  Mac n cheese for my son was clearly kraft out of a box.  Daughters Parmesan noodles undercooked, "bruschetta salad" was a feeble attempt with tiny pearl Mozzarella was incredibly disappointing.  Stuffing as side for for turkey was clearly out of a box.  Not at all what I expected, but again, server was nice.
4	A Consistent FavoriteMimi's Cafe is one of those chain restaurans that is different enough and consistently good enough to recommend to family and friends.  All of the Mimi's Cafe Restaurants  are all exactly the same so you're immediately familair with the restruantat concept and their menu selections.   Mimi's Cafe serves breakfast, lunch and dinner and offer low calorie meals and a limited bar selection .  The prices are very reasonable with a two dinner meal including appetizer and dessert for $25.  The serving size are very generous.  In fact there was so much food we had to take two boxes to go.  The food is very fresh and plentiful.  The service is fast and pleasant with refills on drinks before we had to ask.  I would recommend Mimi's for a nice causal place to grab a bite to eat.
3	Went for breakfast and the food was tasty. The service was just average. The eggs Benedict were tasty but very salty without a lot of character. The egg white and veggie omelette was ok but nothing spectacular. The dining room is clean, large and fun. I would go back but the food is nothing spectacular.
1	Here after our grandsons football game on  Saturday morning. Wait was way too long, unfriendly, and service was the worst!  I have been to Mimi's several times in Santa Clarita and enjoyed it. I hope the food is worth the wait. Would not come back or recommend it
1	Stopped by yesterday (9/30) on the way hope from a long trip.  Wished we'd have kept going.  The place was literally empty so we figured the service would be good and the food tasty.  I ordered a bacon avacado cheese burger which was a huge dissapointment.  Seemed to take a while to get to the table (even with a near empty restaurant) and when it did the fries that accompanied it were burnt (some even black) and shrivelled up.  In other words the dregs that had been setting around for a while and they were cold.  The server seemed embarrased and said he was going to bring fresh fries but he never returned with them.  If he was that embarrassed he should have never brought them in the first place!!!!  The burger was somewhat tastless and it wasn't even luke warm.  Have been to other Mimi's so this should have been a good bet.  NOT!  Doubt I'll never return.
3	Friendly staff, good foold.A bit over priced.not very crowded but noisy.Coupons via email if you sign up for them.
5	Breakfast with the honey loves! Everything was super delicious. The waitress was on point. It was my first time here, the food and the service was great! Will definitely be coming back soon for more breakfast
1	great service!!!!! cooks can not cook NY Strip to save their lives. :-)  don't order steak here I sat and waited for 35 mins and they still didn't get it right I came in on a buy one get one free entree, the manager said that he will take care of it but it was all ready free. still paid over $26 for one good entree and a crappy free one. here is two muffins sorry we suck he said. over all great place not better than Desert Ridge All Day D-Ridge Baby!!! :-)
2	My daughter just moved in the area and we were looking for a place to eat. Used to eat at Mimi's all the time but found that the quality had gone done considerably so we stopped going. Thought we'd give it a try. Asked for my steak to be medium. Came out well done and dry. Very disappinting. Daughter enjoyed her potpie and we both enjoyed the artichoke frites. My daughter who used to be a server thought the service was sub par. He showed no personality and our beverages were empty for quite a bit while he was rolling silverware.
4	Brunch is always delicious which keeps us returning. Service is sub par. Servers never try to make a connection. The only reason why I'm giving a high rating still is because of the food and the management. They actually care about your experience and do more than the servers do. I have to say the manager this morning 11/9/14 was fantastic and handled a very unpleasant start of service and made it much better. Kudos.
1	I have been a customer of Mimi's Cafe since I was itty bitty and my family took me there growing up in California. It was always the go-to place for gatherings and weekend breakfast or lunch meetings. I have never been disappointed, until this location last weekend! I have been before without any issues, but we came here for a good, hearty meal (so I had hoped) before a Cardinals game and I ended up with the worse meal I have ever had here, or at any restaurant. I ordered the corned beef eggs benedict. I am usually never disappointed with an eggs benedict, and I have never ordered a corned beef one before but I pictured it as shredded meat and eggs with hollandaise sauce on an english muffin, like the traditional eggs benedict minus the ham. I was very wrong and they brought me what looked something awful and putrid, almost like cat food (or throw up) and there was no english muffin, just this mashed up disgusting meat mixed with onions or something else, with poached egg on top. No substance, and no presentation...it looked horrible and tasted even worse. I was so disappointed. And left hungry. I didn't say anything because I already had a coupon so we didn't pay for that meal as it was, with buy one get one free, but I felt like I got ripped off and I probably should have complained but I wasn't in the mood to say something that day. Also we elected for patio seating and were ignored outside for the most part, due to the inside being crowded. No drink refills or attention. And if someone was checking in on us, perhaps they would have seen the tragic look upon my face at my first bad experience at what used to be one of my favorites. I guess it will be Black Bear Diner or Tj's next time....*sigh*
1	I have always enjoyed the food at Mimi's Cafe, but this Mimi's in particular is so dirty. It seems like they never clean the decorations on the wall. I happened to touch the back of a booth one time and my hand had gross, greasy accumulated dust/dirt. I let the waitress know and she said they only clean what the manager says to clean. This place could use a good deep scrubbing from top to bottom.
3	The service was great but the food was just ok.  The freshly baked bran muffin was bitter.  The lorraine quiche was bland but the potatoes was very good.  The freshly squeezed OJ was super bitter, after adding 1 packet of sugar still no go.
