5	I've lived in Tempe for 6 years now and didn't realize a range was opening up until I drove past it this weekend.  I pulled a u-turn and stopped in to check it out.  Upon entering I could instantly tell that having a range in this part of the Valley was long over due.  The place was buzzing with people looking at new firearms, signing up for classes, signing up for the range, I .  I spoke with the manager and got some information about classes and the range and she was very helpful.I went back yesterday afternoon to shoot and I had a great time.  There is another yelp review about target issues and not being able to program the targets which wasn't my experience at all.  The range ammo was also $4 cheaper per box than what I just paid at another gun store so next time I'll remember to purchase ammo with my rental.  I ended my outing by buying a gun safe that fit perfectly under my passenger car seat.  It was a spontaneous purchase so when I got home I priced it out online and it was $10 more than Amazon but $20 less than Dick's Sporting Goods.  I figured paying $10 extra to get something right there on the spot AND supporting a local business is money well spent.I will be back often and am really looking forward to taking the classes once they start up in April.
5	We had a great experience. I took my son who is 13 years old. He has experience, but needed some help with a gun he hasn't shot before. The staff was very helpful and answered any questions we had. Thanks for a great bonding experience. You got a friend in Pennsylvania !Good luck with the official grand opening!
5	A really nice range that will definitely give Scottsdale Gun Club a run for its money. C2 is the sibling range of Caswell's, which shares the same owner. As a result, memberships here can be upgraded to include Caswell's access for an extra fee. If you are going a la carte, range time is per hour, per person. There are 23 lanes, very well ventilated with nice touch screens to program your lane distance. The screens are easy enough to operate, but just be aware that if you've been to Caswell's, they operate slightly differently. We had no problems using the range though, and the range officers themselves were very helpful and friendly.The floor showroom is quite large and hosts quite an array of different firearms, including some impressive 50 caliber Barretts. As for instruction, they offer the same type of classes as Caswell's, and they start in April. The only negative I found was that you have to use the C2 brand targets, which aren't that expensive, but still puts a damper on your experience if you already bought some targets to practice with.Compared to Caswell's, there are more lanes, the facility is bigger and newer, and they are open later (Until 9 P.M. every day except Sunday). Although I do like going to Caswell's, it's a little bit of a drive for me from where I live. The closer location and later hours of C2 allows me more opportunities to get some range time on a work day, vs. dealing with the crowds that you find typically at the ranges here on the weekends. Due to the convenient location, very nice facility, and welcoming, friendly staff, this is definitely going to be my favorite for indoor target practice! Range time: $15 per hour, per person (Handguns, $20 for rifles)Bull's-Eye style targets: $1 eachPistol range is 50 feet, rifle range is 75 feetOpen Monday through Saturday from 9 A.M. to 9 P.M.Open Sunday from 9 A.M. to 6 P.M.Memberships start at about $150/year, upgrade to Caswell's access for $200/year.
4	Pretty much ditto of what everybody else says. We decided to try it today instead of Caswells. Went with my son, and shot about 200 rounds. I guess because it is so new, and it was in the middle of a workday, it wasn't terribly busy.  It is new obviously, but also feels very spacious. Feels like the store is built around the range, and not the other way around.  There are 3 different modular shooting areas with several lanes in each.  Since the other module was full, we were put into a different module, and were the only ones shooting. Our R.O. was named Ricco (sp?) and was MOST FRIENDLY AND HELPFUL!!  He stayed with us the entire time and taught us improvements in stance, grip, and trigger control.  I felt like we got $150 worth of individualized shooting instruction for free!  I know they will continue to get busier, and I can't expect that level of attention every time, but I say KUDOs to Ricco and G2 for creating such a friendly environment.  This is the first in  a long time I went home excited and wanting to return tomorrow for more practice.  Unfortunately I live in E. Mesa, and Caswells is closer to me, but I will certainly HIGHLY recommend C2 to anyone looking for a good range in the S.E. valley.
5	Very impressive shooting range.  Extremely personable and knowledgeable employees.  Good products, and good membership opportunities.  Exactly what we needed in this part of the Valley.  As demonstrated by everyone's review - you'll be glad you visited C2.
3	All the reviews seem to be centered on the range, however I found the retail store to only be so-so. I went in looking for a holster. After wandering around and looking at all the holsters, not only did I not find what I was after, but none of the store employees so much as greeted me, much less offered any assistance. Guess they were more interested in chatting with each other than making a sale. The store was clean and well organized, so no complaints on that front.
5	I have been to Caswell's a handful of times, but living in Ahwatukee it was a bit of a drive to get there. When I heard the owners of Caswell's were opening a new place off Warner and the I-10 I was ecstatic. So far, C2 has not disappointed.Staff - Everyone is insanely friendly and knowledgeable without coming off as arrogant or condescending. The sales staff and receptionists are not pushy, they don't try to sell you things you don't want or need which I think is a huge plus. The range safety officers are always willing to help you with technique or answer any questions you have.Facility - C2 has only been open for about 2 months so the facility is top notch, clean, and spacious. There is a handgun range and a rifle/shotgun range inside, and each side has 12-13 lanes (there's 24 lanes total I believe). There's even a lounge with a billiards table and some lounge chairs to hang out in. For $60 you can rent their scenario room, which has a large screen and they put you through different situations. You use a real gun, but they put a CO2 cartridge in it and it just fires air, I used it during grand opening weekend and became addicted, it was so fun! I haven't delved too deep into their guns for sale or accessories, but it appears they have a good selection of both.Overall, a fantastic experience everytime I go in. I highly recommend C2 for anyone in the area (or even those willing to drive) that wants to get some shooting time in!
4	I have been to Caswells and Scottsdale Gun Club a couple of times but living in Ahwatukee those are both a bit of a drive, so my wife and I stopped by because we were excited that a shooting range had opened close to our neighborhood. The staff was super friendly and one of them chatted with us for a while and showed us every gun we wanted to see and was very knowledgeable about each one. He explained their membership options but was not pushy in anyway. My only gripe is the prices on some of the firearms seemed a little high compared to other shops in the same area. I am definitely considering a membership.
2	First let me say I did end up joining as a member. Its a convenient location, nice, new and not very busy so it makes for a good experience. I am also a member of Scottsdale Gun Club and shoot there as well. Although C2 is newer and brighter there are a few things that keep Scottsdale as my #1 range. First C2 requires you buy their targets - not a huge deal but I am not a big fan of their big targets and don't really like not having a cardboard backer - but its a minor issue. Second, C2 doesn't seem to want to let shooters do anything but shoot at stationary targets from the ready positon. Scottsdale will allow tactical positions and draw from holster once you pass their requirements (class or test with a staffer). That makes for a better shooting experience if you are a regular shooter that carries daily and wants to maintain proficiency in drawing and firing. Lastly - ammo prices. I don't understand C2's strategy on ammo pricing at all. A range is usually the least expensive place to buy ammo. Ranges want you to shoot and shoot a lot and their business model requires that. Scottsdale Gun Club ammo (for range use) is MUCH cheaper than any retail shop (particularly for members). C2 is the exact opposite - ammo prices are at least 40% over what you can buy it for at retail shops in the area (although availability is  bit of a problem at retail stores - ammo can be purchased at reasonable prices if you shop around and do a bit of legwork). Here are some examples of member pricing. 5.56 - 20 round boxes are currently $19.99 at C2 $9.89 at Scottsdale 40S&W is $20.99 at C2 $17.99 at Scottsdale9MM $19.99 at C2 $13.97 at ScottsdaleNot a huge deal if you shoot a box a month - but me and my friends shoot 5-10 boxes each a week. If you are a regular shooter thus likely a member - the pricing difference is substantial. For location, looks etc. 5 stars, ammo pricing 1 star so 3 star average.UPDATESo I been back another half dozen times and really like the staff and the range is just killer. My wife likes how bright it is and the benches in the range area are nice! But C2 keeps doing it wrong on pricing. Since my post ammo prices at C2 have gone UP, considerably, 40S&W is now over $30 a box, 9mm reloads? (in ziploc bags) are $25 while at the same time stock has been resupplied at local retailers and prices have plummeted.In addition I was in the market for a new carry pistol and really wanted an M&P Shield in 40 S&W, C2 had one for $529. That seemed high to me so I drove up to Scottsdale and got the same gun for $449. Love to shoot here - but would never buy anything other than the mandatory targets. So because of the obscene ammo and gun prices I gotta drop to a 2 star rating 5 for appearance 0 for pricing.
2	Wish I could give a better review but when  I walked in with my holstered EDC and am told to take it outside I really cant. The entire staff is armed but the customer I guess is another story. I can walk into walmart, trader joes, barnes and noble, and others openly carrying but not the gun store? I'll continue to drive to SDGC, Id rather pay the gas than patron a business that doesn't respect the open carry law.
4	This is an awesome facility with great staff and plenty of cool stuff to look at.  The range itself is clean and has nice electronic target distance adjusters.  Rico one of their staff members took a bit of extra time to help me with my grip and give me a few shooting pointers which helped a ton.  The only ding I give this place is the fact they make you buy their targets.  Definitely check them out if you want a great range experience.
2	Store room floor is nice and fairly big. They have a lot of pistol merchandise and their staff is friendly, much more friendly than Caswell's. However their merchandise is overpriced. I bought a Beretta Nano for $379.99+Tax at Scottsdale Gun Club and at C2 it is $499.99+Tax. Also 5.11 Taclite shorts are $44.99 at SGC and $62 at C2. That is crazy to me. So far nothing has come close to beating SGC, with range or merchandise/pricing.
5	Great range, the range assistants are great also. They are always eager to help, without an attitude. The gun store sales personnel pretty much know the content of each firearm. The ammo is a little expensive, but during these times good luck in trying to find a decent price for any caliber of ammunition. The range officer helped me out, and saved me some $$$ by showing me an alternate pistol grip - I was pleased. I will definitely go back with RO and personnel like that. Living in Ahwatukee makes it convenient, since the closest range is about 45 to 60 minutes away.
1	This is by far the worst gun range I have ever been to. If I'm going somewhere to exercise my second ammendment rights, why am I asked to unload my weapons completely? I can understand all the ones I'm bringing in to shoot, but my primary sidearm, holstered in a  retention Holster and only under my control is wrong. Why do the employees of C2 have anymore right to defend their lives than I do? Stopped in to test out my new Glock I had just bought since the location was convenient, brought along a friend and went inside. We were helped by a staff member named Colin. Completely rude. I don't want to be treated like a criminal who is going to shoot them having my every move watched like a Hawk. I had respected the sign on the door and completely unloaded our weapons and we had followed everything to the tee. By the time I was done getting my lane and getting through Mr Scrutiny, I had no desire to shoot anymore nor was it even an enjoyable experience. The range officer was the one personable individual that I had spoken with, and he was there with live rounds and wasn't a controlling ass like Colin and respected our ability to handle our firearms. Moral of the story in my mind is if I was there to hurt anyone, I would've already done it. So give me the right to carry my gun, don't look at your customers like criminals and maybe I'd consider spending more of my money here. Until then I would never recommend this place to ANYONE who actually believes in their right to carry. I'm making it my mission to try to get the information out to all those in the gun community to just let this place die. Why is it that you can take your firearms into Walmart, out to eat, into gas stations etc, but not a gun range? I know some reviews are good on here and I have to admit the facilities are very nice, hence the 1 star since that is all C2 tactical has going for them. I sincerely hope that the management of this location takes a hard look at some of their business practices before this gets on too many people's boycott list. SPEND YOUR MONEY ELSEWHERE. (Not like it's cheap here anyway)
5	Very nice store, staff, and range. I found the RSO's to be the friendliest in town. Safe, but no attitude... Ammo was more expensive than it should be at a range, but I think the facilities provide you with an overall better experience and that costs money. Want a cheaper range... Shoot outdoors.  I find it ironic that some reviewers tout Scottsdale GC as a better value. That's a joke in my humble opinion. If you don't buy an annual membership at SGC, good luck getting a lane on a weekend.
4	Pricey but nice.I went in here with a friend and we were both treated very well. I was a little nervous because I had never been in there before and didn't know what to expect from the staff. They were not the stereotypical, macho, and condescending gun guys that I expected. Before we left a guy even asked us about or experience and sincerely asked us to come back! I left there thinking "what a nice guy". I put four stars instead of five due to the prices.... Yeah, it was a little pricey. $$$
2	They have nice facilities, but large prices. The front desk staff all think they have the worlds best gun training, and are far superior to anyone that walks in that store. Everyone better kiss their feet because no one could possibly have more training than the 8 hour class they went through, if that. As for the range masters I had when I was there, one was young, cocky, and texted the whole time.... hmmmmm should "range masters" really be texting? Especially the entire time? The other range master wasn't cocky, was informative, and friendly. Making that one out of three employees I dealt with that were actually worth anything.
4	Nice shop, very clean and well organized. The staff appear to have their heads on straight, friendly and efficient. The military/LEO discount is very welcome for us broke-ass vets.I dislike indoor ranges in general because I tend to own fairly blasty, hair-raising guns, but C2 is about as good as it gets on that score. The programmable target holders are neat and there's a good variety of targets. Ammo stock is sloooowly recovering from the hoarding shenanigans. Gun prices are on the high side, but accessories (holsters and that) are still reasonable.Note to the whiners: Most shops ask you to unload or case your sidearm for a very good reason. That is, a fair number of gun owners are irresponsible jackasses who completely ignore the Four Rules, when they've heard of them at all. Someone blows a hole in his femoral artery while trying on AIWB holsters, he (or his next of kin) is gonna sue the crap out the shop. Sure, YOU aren't one of those idiots, but the shop owner and employees don't know that. Quit your bitching and play nice, and do your part to educate the ones who make the rest of us look bad.
4	Great shooting range for the price. The rangers are very helpful, ammo is a little pricey but more positives than negatives.
4	Good range - clean, well organized and professional staff.My only gripe are the gun prices, they're highly inflated - if you're looking to buy a new firearm, I would look elsewhere.Other than that it's a fantastic range, highly recommended.
2	I arrived to a clean store... Good selection...   That's the only reason for the 2 star review.It was my first time, I asked to be pointed in the direction of the range.  I walked up to the representative and was advised that the range was closed.  It was 518 on a Sunday.  Published hours stated a 6pm closing time.  I was expecting a half an hour of range time.  The rep stated that he asked 3 min prior if there was anyone wanting to stay.  It left a bad taste being turned away with 45 min and the "oh you're 3 min late." Especially when no where reflects a 45 min last call for "cleaning." I may decide to go back.  Though I hope either the website is updated to reflect the correct hours.
4	Watch out, princess is armed! Well, at C2 Tactical anyway. Another shooting range in town where I used to go no longer allows single shooters to shoot at their range. Given that discrimination, I recently had to go looking for another place to get my "pew pew, pew pew" on. C2 Tactical was recommended to me, so off I went! They have 22 air conditioned lanes, divided into two sections. The folks who work here are quite nice (you never know what you're gonna get there). All of the RSOs I've encountered (except the first one) have been great. They have a full range of classes and I've taken two so far, including the CCW. They have supplies here like guns, accessories, protective eyewear, ammo, and gun-related books, but I can't speak to that as I haven't sufficiently walked around that part. I've always checked in and gone straight to the shootin'.  Bonus: Wednesday is Ladies' Day (2-8 p.m.) -- free lanes for the ladies! You still have to buy ammo, target, and rental (if applicable).  Another bonus: They are particularly active on their Facebook page. Not bonus: If you live in Phoenix, traffic is a royal pain if you try to go to C2T in the evenings after work.
5	It's hard to put the experience into words, but the feeling I got when first walking into C2 was like walking into a salon or Robb & Stucky (when they were still around). Well lit, organized, clean, and full of merchandise, I felt like this was what SGC could have been. I already knew this was the "West-side Caswell's", but I was not expecting it to be so nice.  I was wrong, and happy about it.I was greeted immediately by the nicest gal (Gina? Gena?), and she introduced me to the concept of the store and what I could expect as a casual shooter.  They have classes, ranges, rentals, a video simulator, all manner of firearms (handguns, rifles, NFA), accessories, and ammo.  I know about their memberships from the Mesa Caswell's experience, but this is the place to hold your membership - the ranges are SOOO clean and organized, and the range officers are like instructors - so friendly!It's easy to drop off the wife/kids at IKEA when visiting there, but this is a family-friendly environment, so I feel comfortable recommending a visit by anyone.  Some of the biggie's for me: - Clean ranges with a good selection of targets - Ability to shoot larger-caliber rifles - Rentals of stuff I can't afford, like full-auto AR's and suppressed handguns - Reasonable pricing on ammo (required using their range) - They buy & sell, and have a pretty decent selection of used guns - Affordable CCW and self-defense classesFree advice: If you have a spouse or mom or sister that thinks guns are intimidating, then this is the place you want to take them to overcome those fears and avoid the typical "gun store stare". Just sayin'.
5	Had my bachelor party here. Had an AWESOME time! Rico and Gena were extremely helpful and ensured we had a great time. Will definitely be back. Had fun with the AR-15.
1	I will NEVER go back to this range.  If you don't want to read my lengthy complaints, read this: Go to Caswells off the 60 in Mesa.  Some background, I am an experienced shooter (14 years) and a decorated Navy sharp shooter.  I like going to the desert to shoot because in my experience, staff at ranges and usually arrogant dicks.  C2 did more than exceed my expectations.  Before I walked in, I read their signs to be sure I was meeting their rules walking in open carry.  My firearm was clear, though within seconds of walking in, I was approached by a staff member, "before you walk in, will you be sure a round isn't chambered?"  First, I did this.  Second, how does he know I didn't do this because he asked me to clear before I walked in.  I will never unholster my weapon in public unless I intend to fire, and if he wanted me to clear when I walked in, he could have asked me politely when I entered.  I apologized, for whatever I did that wasn't as expected and went about my business.  When I got to my lane, the range officer noted that the target retrieval device wasn't working properly and moved my to a different lane.  I was all ready to shoot, so before I moved, I dropped my clip,cleared my weapon, moved the ammo over to the lane and then came back for the gun.  When I did that, the range office said, "you were supposed to holster your weapon."  I was somewhat confused, so simply apologized and he further said, "I just told you that."I was wearing two sets of hearing protection and whatever this guy muttered to me, was clearly missed.  He was very rude about it after my apology for missing that, when I clearly made an effort to be safe my moving the loaded clip in a separate trip from the empty and cleared gun.I popped off two boxes of ammo, and thought about buying another 50 rounds, so I asked him, "how much do you sell ammo for?"  Instead of, "what size?" or "what are you looking for?"  The jerk in the most annoyed and matter-of-fact tone of speaking said, "that depends on what caliber."  After my purchase I was getting ready to go, my personal items were on a bench behind me and I again made sure the range officer was to see I moved my empty clips separately from the gun to the bench behind me.  As I did so, he straight yelled at me, "anytime you are back here you have to holster your weapon."  I was confused because I thought he meant 'back here' as back at the lanes, from the store, and you cant fire a weapon in the holster... I then figure out we was referring to back here as behind the yellow line.  When I asked for clarification, he thought I was being smart with him and spat more attitude at me.  Essentially, This was my first and last experience at this range.  I feel that I was targeted as I saw multiple safety violations for other patrons, though this guy for some reason wanted to hold me accountable for all of the unknown (published or spoken) rules of their range.  Go to Caswells off the 60 in Mesa.
5	I've been here 3 times. The staff if friendly, they have a good selection and its clean. SAFETY is really taken seriously.I got to try out the simulator room and it is a blast. (No pun intended). I highly recommend this place
5	My experience with C2 Tactical has been fantastic!! The facility is very sharp, clean, professional, and fun! Everything you could want in a shooting range. The staff are all top notch. Both knowledgeable and approachable. I've had a great time every time there and plan to go back often
5	This is the place I have been looking for- close to my home, brand new, lots of guns and accessories, and A GREAT STAFF.  You can have everything else but if your staff behaves like idiots, then it pretty much sucks. I had been a member of another indoor range and you wouldn't believe the attitude.  I finally quit my membership.  But now C2 is open and, did I mention, they HAVE A GREAT STAFF.  Hope they have a Happy Christmas and a Great New Year !
2	The facility is nice and clean and appears new. The sales staff is nice and friendly and the prices seem very reasonable. The main problem here is the range check-in staff. We were told there was one lane open and then a wait. We took the open lane for a group of 5 and thought we were lucky. The lanes on both sides were open and unused the entire time. I stepped out to let the staff know and see if we could split and use two lanes. I was told no, that they were currently used. The staff has cameras and can see that they are not. When challenged politely that they lanes in fact were not being used the staff behind the counter seemed annoyed and rebuked the suggestion that they were open. This left the impression that they artificially creating wait times. During our entire time there 4 of the available 8 lanes in our area were open and not being used. They were not damaged or broken either.So if you have to go here press the staff on lanes. Make sure you aren't being made to wait for no reason. There are other places to shoot and perhaps you should go elsewhere.
5	I'm very ignorant to buying firearms and was very intimidated in every other gun store I went to. There was none of that here!! SUPER friendly and knowledgeable staff! They did not try to pressure me and they spent a lot of time showing me any gun I inquired about.I was able to try out as many guns as I wanted, just had to pay for ammo. In their kick ass indoor range the Range Safety Officers were friendly, helpful and kept the area clean of brass. They even helped me open a pain in the butt box of Federal Hollow point ammo, which broke the tip of one of their personal knives. I ended up purchasing a used gun that was a great deal! Definitely recommend going to these guys if you're not a seasoned gun shopper. Unlike the other stores that have been around forever this staff doesn't treat you like their doing you a favor selling you a gun, or keep you waiting forever like Bass Pro.
1	I thought I would try out C2 Tactical as it is closer to me than the other range that I usually frequent in Central Phoenix. The staff at this range is not knowledgeable enough to understand the difference between "steel core" and "steel cased" ammo; after getting to the range, signing in, and entering the shooting area, I shot about 20 rounds of tulammo at which point one of the range officers informed me that I couldn't shoot tulammo, then showed me that the tulammo bullet stuck to a magnet.I tried my best to explain to the range officer that the shell casing was steel, which is why the magnet sticks to it; however that specific range officer and other staff did not agree with me. One of the staff said "we can't have steel ammo because it can ricochet and create sparks"... once again I tried to explain that the CASE was steel not the PROJECTILE.To me, this range is using a magnet as a way of making people purchase their specific range ammo (which is overpriced as usual). This is a sick business tactic; additionally I felt as if C2 staff was treating me as if I had no firearms knowledge, this was quite insulting. I recommend trying the other indoor ranges in Phoenix, I have had much better experiences, and the additional drive is worth the better customer service.
5	We hosted a group team building event in the VIP Lounge for our sales force.  The dedicated lanes, simulator, and private experience was excellent.  Gena and the range officers went out of their way to interact and make the overall experience outstanding.  I would highly recommend this to others considering doing something with a large group.  The overall cost was very reasonable and they were very flexible to work with.  Very knowledge, safe, and willing to teach on all the firearms.  Thanks for making our event enjoyable.  We will be back!!!
5	Big fans!!! Todd was the greatest ever. Helpful, friendly and accommodating. Look forward to taking classes.
5	This is one awesome indoor range to shoot at, staff is friendly, RSO's actually monitor the range, and the facility is well maintained. Keep it up guys, your doing great!
4	First time visitor to an indoor shooting range.  Check-in staff was friendly & efficient.  Wide variety of targets avail for purchase, I passed on the extensive collection of zombies & werewolves since they have been eradicated in Ahwatukee!  Went traditional with a silhouette.I like the lane set-up and felt comfortable focusing on my own shooting even though every lane was in use, the only thing I would do different is WEAR A HAT to deflect the spent shells flying all over the place - gee whiz I almost took out my own front tooth!Good catalog of classes that are offered from novice to expert level.  WEDS 2p-Close is Ladies Day -FREE shooter fee, I'll be back!
5	First thing I told the girl at the counter was I have never been to an indoor shooting gallery in my life. 10 minutes later bullets from the guns we brought (Glock 9mm, AR15) we're hitting targets down range.People firing shotguns nearby gets a little loud adjusting to.The lane officers (instructors) were friendly yet confident.The experience here was great.According to my buddy the prices of guns in the store are super low.We could have rented guns to try including fully automatics like some guys near us did.I would question the romance bringing a girl here for a date based on the dudes near us who thought this was a good idea.A. She didn't look like she was having any fun.B. do you really want a pissed off girlfriend adept at shooting your ass?Great experience overall. Shooting is expensive though.
4	I really like C2 tactical's indoor range. It is very modernized. The range safety officers are very helpful. Well, everyone is helpful foe thay matter.The have enough lanes that I have never had the need to wait for one to open. Going there often gives me the opportunity to meet many different people all sharing a similar interests in fire arms. Pretty much I just go there for that and the indoor range.Range fees are not bad, however. The price on the things  sale are pricey.  And is the reason why I can't give them all stars.
5	Nice place very friendly staff and knowledgeable instructors. Range has touch screen control's for target control.  Nice section of rentals as well as stuff to purchase
4	C 2 tactical indoor shooting range the staff is very knowledgeable and the Ranger Masters are very helpful. The selection of firearms are some of the more popular models such as Glocks Kimbers Benelli just to name a few.
5	Great place to go for rentals.  Can't comment on their retail business.Pros:a) They allow you to use prescription glasses as "safety glasses".  Woot for not having to wear goggles or super-bulky safety glasses over regular glasses.  (Technically prescription lenses aren't "safety glasses", but practically at a gun range they provide adequate eye protection)b) They let you change guns as many times as you want and you don't get charged multiple "rental" fees.  Pretty much $15 (whatever the fee is) = try as many guns as you want, even different calibers.c) They have a HUGE selection of rental guns to choose from.  I estimate they have probably 50 hand guns to choose from.d) It's a modern facility with good ventilation / filtration system and the rifle side of the range has high(er) tech lane control .e) Ammo prices are reasonable.  $8 or so for 50 rounds of 22, low-$20s for 50 rounds 9mm and .40, $29.99 for 50 rounds of .45.Cons:a) You can't bring your own ammo, you have to buy theirs.b) The first rangemaster I dealt with really scares me that he didn't bother asking if I actually knew what I was doing.  Thanks to video games, TV  (lol), and prior range experience I know my way around a handgun and firearms safety, but I'm worried about someone else accidentally shooting me because they don't have any clue what they're doing.  The second rangemaster on another visit DID ask me if I had shot with them before.c) They don't accept Amex, but does any Amex card hold not also have a Visa card in their wallet to handle this?Misc:Bring your own ear plugs to use with ear muffs.  If you get placed next to a guy who is shooting a large caliber gun, you'll really be wishing you doubled up on hearing protection.Plan on spending around $50 for a handgun rental (gun + ammo).
4	So, I've never been, but my sister picked C2 Tactical to send the men in our lives to for Father's Day and they loved it! They did the simulation, which I found little about on their website, so maybe it's a hidden treasure or, I think, pretty new. There were four men and it was $55 each. The instructor wasn't 100% sure of how everything worked, so they're still working out some kinks, but they said it started pretty standard, but the scenarios they worked up to were really fun. They haven't stopped talking about the experience! Still doesn't make me want to go, but hey, if it's the kind of thing that floats your boat, check it out.
5	I enjoy coming here because the officers watch everyone. And if your off point or off target they'll help you and give you pointers on good techniques and how to hold the gun. Not that i need it but i see them helping the ladies and some first time shooters that come here lol. Over all everyone here is pretty friendly and answer all your questions in the range or in the store front. Only bad thing is that they don't allow outside targets because some people children were bringing in vulgar targets and sneaking them in. So, ruins it for everyone. But they have nice silhouette targets a buck a piece and other targets ranging from the $1 to $3 range. So not bad i guess.
4	Great range. Very modern with touchscreen controls. The staff is very friendly. Highly recommend this range over Scottsdale Gun Club
4	Great Experience! Will do it again. First time ever shooting a gun. There was a package where you get safety glasses ear protection range rental 2 shooting targets 50 rounds and we had a range rep with us the whole time. No time limit with the package. I would say we lasted for about 30-40 minutes. HOnestly even next time I go I think I would want to have the range person with me or go with someone else who has shot before. We started by getting an explanation of the various 9mm to choose from and he helped us choose. He had us both practice how to hold gun with dummy guns.I think it cost us about 50 a person. Next time would be less since we glasses and you can always bring your own ear protection and bullets. I would pay to rent a lane rent a gun and maybe pay for the assistance if I go by myself.
4	It's a long drive to this place from my side of town, but I've been here a couple of times to browse their selection of guns.  They have a nice selection of Sig Sauer semi-automatic pistols.  Their prices are ok.  The accessories and ammo are moderately priced.  Decent pricing on their EO Tech optics.I've never used the shooting range, but would like to come back and try it sometime.Overall, it's not a bad place to buy a gun.Return Factor - 70%
4	It was our first time using the range here and I was very impressed with the facility. The lanes are clean, well-maintained and the staff is friendly and polite.  The prices are very affordable as well.  We will definitely return.
5	I have been to a few ranges and this one is by far my favorite.
4	I like this gun range because it is always clean, always has available lanes, and is decently priced ($15 per hour per lane for pistols, $20 per hour for rifles). I believe it goes up to 50 feet as well. Also, they recently started enforcing a rule that you must purchase your targets THERE at their location. Outside targets are not allowed, no exceptions. This is an odd rule but I suppose they need to make money somehow.One of the most positive changes I've noticed in the past year since they opened are the staff. The few people they had employed when they first opened were very rude, blunt and unwelcoming to questions. The employees there today were fantastic! The young man at the counter was so friendly, cheerful and I could tell he liked his job. Also, I was having some problems figuring out a new 9mm I purchased and the gentleman in charge of the lanes (range marshall?) came over to help me learn a better refine my shooting technique. I was so happy to feel like I was actually valued there and was thanked by multiple people on my way out :)Way to make positive changes, C2! I will recommend you over Caswells in future!
4	Very nice store, staff, and range. I found the RSO's to be the friendliest in town. Safe, but no attitude... Ammo was more expensive than it should be at a range, but I think the facilities provide you with an overall better experience and that costs money. Want a cheaper range... Shoot outdoors.  I find it ironic that some reviewers tout Scottsdale GC as a better value. That's a joke in my humble opinion. If you don't buy an annual membership at SGC, good luck getting a lane on a weekend.
5	The staff are experienced and the customer service is exceptional. I am from CA but when I'm ready to purchase the gun they recommended (which is perfect for me) I will plan a trip back there to support this business. Wish I had had the same experience here in CA but not so. Refreshing to support a business that truly deserves it. THANK YOU
5	Amazing experience and thanks to Damon for his wonderful guidance and coaching. And Tara for making sure we were all taken care of and set up. They are great people and so nice....thank you for everything.
4	The shop is clean and staff was helpful and friendly. Especially good since my wife and I are novices when it comes to firearms. The shooter packages they offer are fairly priced and staff was more than willing to explain things while not making us feel totally green. I will be going back in the future for sure.
