4	I just spent the past weekend in Las Vegas being punished by God for being in "Sin City."  The weather was a sweltering 116 degrees at its hottest and a mere 92 degrees when I drove back to L.A. at 3:30 AM Monday morning.  All I can say is, "WTF?!"So, a nice hotel is where you want to be to escape from this, and for the most part -- it didn't disappoint.  The room was your typical timeshare room with kitchenette, washer/dryer, etc.  The appointments were uninspired at worst.The staff was friendly enough, and there were multiple pools which were nice, as well.  One odd complaint, though -- because the parking garage is subterranean, the lobby is actually the 2nd floor, which I didn't quite get, but oh well.  Another complaint -- the A/C wasn't really adjustable (due to a "broken" thermostat), though we stayed cool for the most part.We had a great view of the strip, though, and that was pretty nice :)
5	Fine place to stay. Fairfield got bought by Wyndham so now it's a Wyndham resort. Nice pool facilities, only goes 4 ft deep so it's really just for wading in the pool and messing around.Free shuttle to Harrah's is nice. Close enough to MGM Grand to forgo the shuttle and walk. In fact, it's closer to MGM than Harrah's is.Room are nice, Quiet. Except for a funny noise coming from our ceiling. At first we thought it might be a vaccuum cleaner, but it lasted for an hour or two. Very quite, though, so it didn't bother me enough to complain.Free USA Today downstairs. Nice touch. Especially for when the gf gets lazy and wants to just lay out somewhere. Gives me something to read.
4	Accommodations were nice and staff was friendly.  We got a 2 bedroom suite and it felt very comfortable.
4	I usually find myself here when I'm staying with the parents in their timeshare.   I find the Wyndham Grand Desert much nicer than expected, even when it was a Fairfield.  And that makes sense, now that I know (from Susan's review) that it was designed by  the person who designed Bellagio. We usually stay here in the colder months so I haven't ventured into the pool. The interior of our 3 bedroom suite is especially luxe with a contemporary feel.LOVE that it doesn't have a casino.  I'm not much of a gambler anyway, but it's makes for a nice and quiet hotel experience.  Shuttles to the Strip make going to a casino relatively easy, and Planet Hollywood and Hard Rock  are only short walks away.  The location on Koval and Harmon provide for stunning views of the Strip if you get a north facing room.The activities room, happy hour snacks and Internet/computer center were also bonus.
3	Stayed with some friends who knew people, who knew people that owned a timeshare in the Wyndham.  Not bad, huge suite with a full kitchen, a bedroom, jacuzzi tub, and living room.  Outside of the main hustle-and-bustle of the Strip (but only a couple blocks from Hard Rock Cafe in one direction and Planet Hollywood in the other), it was a nice and peaceful oasis from the beeps and whirs of the slot machines.  The pool areas were nice, but don't expect anything similar to the nearby resorts on the Strip. -1 star for a 10am check-out.
4	This place is amazing!  It is a huge place, about 2 blocks off the strip.  We had our bachelorette party there for my cousin.  We rented a 2 bedroom suite.  One of the bedrooms had a king size bed, that fit 3 girls!  The other room had 2 double beds.  There was a pull out sofa in the living room that could fit 2-3 girls.  We had about 11 girls staying there.  They serve free food & free margaritas by the pool.The only downside is it is a little far from the strip to walk.  They advertise a free shuttle service, but you have to get shuttle tickets.  When we asked for 9 shuttle tickets, they looked at us like we were crazy.  Then they only gave us 4 tickets.We got a great deal on this place through an ad on craigslist. (About $350 total for 2 nights! That includes tax!)  At first, we were a little hesitant, but everything worked out!
4	another awesome timeshare suite in vegas!!! stayed here last year for a friend's birthdaday celebration, and we had fun. yes, it's off the strip (a huge whopping two/three blocks off the strip), but they have a shuttle too and from harrah's, which can help.two bedroom suite. master has one hell of a bed, can fit 3 average sized ladies quite comfortably and it's own bathroom with a jacuzzi tub. the second bedroom has two twin beds, can fit 2 people on each. and there's the pullout couch in the living room. bam! 9 people covered, everyone else is assed out and on the floor (if you've got that many people staying with you). dining table area and kitchen with everything you need to cook/mix drinks/what have you.good price for what you get.i can't wait to go back in august for my friends' yearly trip. i think we're gonna need to book 2 suites this time around. more and more keep wanting to join b.c they hear the the fun we always have.
3	Very nice place if your looking for a out of the way and off strip hotel. Owned by wyndham, formally efairfield, they offer lots of activities BEST suited for young children, They often have parties in their pool area and play movies on a projection screen. They even have food served. Pool is always crammed with little kids. I even got threatened by a little girl because i bumped into her. Jeez! Overall, you best have a car if your staying here, it is off strip and if you walk, intend to walk alot. Overall, its a nice place.
5	We booked a 2-bedroom suite through tsadventure.com for my sister-in-law's bachelorette party last August. It's a nice place to stay and there is shuttle service. A cab fare to the strip is not bad either. It's nice having a full kitchen and the master bedroom was wonderful. If you're not a timeshare owner, I would book with tsadventure.com.However, if you decide you would like buy a timeshare with Wyndham please book something with my brother since he works for them. You can find him at the Harrah's Hotel Wyndham Timeshare Preview Center.
5	I've stayed here before with friends, and we'll be back in 2 weeks. The rooms are spacious, and the kitchen is great. Just to clarify a previous post, margaritas are NOT served by the pool for free anymore. The resort didn't have a liquor license then, so they couldn't legally sell it. In about 2 weeks, their bar should be opening, then you can purchase what you want from there.
5	This is THE place to be if you can afford it...and you can.  It is a Wyndham property so you know it is good.  They have two pools, a nice lounge, and a good little place to get food.The apartments...and they are apartments not hotel rooms...are gorgeous.  They are filled with flat screen TV's, granite floors and marble counter tops in the kitchen.  Some of the rooms have jacuzzis.  Good times.Close to the strip, great views from every room and friendly staff.  Can't be beat.
3	Not exactly as pictured, but good for large groups.  I have a pretty tight knit group of friends that I have known for over 10 yrs now, and we try to keep our Vegas trips on a strict budget.  We got a 2 room suite (sleeps 8) for around $400.00 (Fri-Sun)It was not as pictured on the website, but works well for friends like us (as long as we're together, we'll have fun) and families.  They're about a quarter mile off the strip and have a full kitchen, jacuzzi, and a nice pool area w/ a seperate area for adults.  Pretty clean and friendly staff.   Not exactly living it up, but I would probably stay here again.I actually prefer the Hilton Grand Vacation, I think it's newer.
4	Great stay.  It's a good alternative if you have smaller kids and don't want the exposure of strip life.  The pool is popular, as we went the week before  July 4th...so yeah...pool was realy busy.  Staff was friendly and I just the like the fact, it does feel like home.
5	I was pleasantly surprised by this place. It's a family resort, but not loud and they cater to adult groups too. There is an adult only pool, waiters who will bring you drinks, a full service bar in the main building, a free shuttle to the strip, a deli and convenience store that sells everything from batteries to booze (at a rather high price however). It's close to the Hard Rock (walking distance) and only about a 10-15 minute walk to the MGM Grand. If you're willing to stay off the strip, check this place out. The rooms are large and comfortable and great for groups. There's a full kitchen, living room (with pullout couch) and a little dining table. Overall, my experience there was great.
5	It was exactly what was described on the craigslist posting.  We had a 1 bdrm suite in Tower 1 that was perfect for two couples.  The bathroom was off to the side so no couple had to walk through the other's space to use it.  The kitchen was fully equipped and we ordered all our food at vons.com which showed up at the hotel when we did.  $100 for groceries (including alcohol) covered us all for 3 days and allowed us more $$$ for the craps tables.  I loved having a kitchen available!  Who wants to go to a buffet when you're wicked hungover and all you want is some bacon, eggs and a vodka/cranberry?  There was a free shuttle every 20 minutes to/from Harrah's which is right on the strip though the hotel itself is only a 10 minute walk to MGM or Planet Hollywood.  There is no gambling at this hotel which was nice as it was quieter in the evenings when you want to sleep (no, I'm not a 24-hour-party-person).  There are 3 pools, one that's hidden near Tower 3, a family (pee) pool and one for adults only!  The adult pool was clean and well monitored so that when kids tried to invade they were quickly shooshed out.  Cocktail server at the pool was nice but we had our own margaritas and Coronas so we drank for cheaper :)  There are cabanas for rent here too...not as exclusive as Tao or Rehab but they are nicer and are only $50 for 4 hours.  No glass poolside so bring some cups.  This place is timeshare heaven but they don't push them on you.  Checkout is 10am which is a tad early but they do have easy checkout from your room.  That bought us a little more time ;)
3	Pretty good so far, but it does have some irritations.So I am obviously one of the few people who use the stairs to and from my session at the workout facilities....  why lock the doors to the stairs?  errrrr!!!The rooms are nice and spacious... the lights are a bit dim... probably swapped out the incandescent for CFLs or something, but it's not that same bright light... instead that kinda dull glow.Have to pay for internet access... .annoying... I'll be here a little longer than the weekend to avoid the rates and so I'll have to work... and hence having ot pay for hte connection.. It was pretty crowded out there last night.... but the room isn't too loud....  you can hear the airplanes.. but they are a minor nuisance.. I'd be more concerned about the traffic noise from people.. .but that hasn't been noticeable.
4	Ok so I was pleasantly surprised!  My best friend and I invited ourselves on a Vegas trip with a friend from high school.  So there you have it, two guys, two girls, easy-peasy right?  NO!  One of the guys, who shall remain nameless, demanded the guys have their own room.  But....what if he meets some hot chick while we are there and wants to take her home!  Fine, player!  Alas we ended up at the Wyndham Grand Desert and boy was I happy we did.I walked in and there was a living room, kitchen, bar, dining room, two bedrooms, two bathrooms and a jacuzzi.  SCORE!  The master bedroom bed was gigantic.  Kelly could of had a party on the other side and I wouldn't have felt it.  The best decision we made the whole trip was to lock out the two guys on the first night.  I will forever be grateful for that decision and for homeboy's decision to make us get a two bedroom suite.  Furthermore, because we had this kick-ass suite we were able to have two more friends come in from Colorado.  They had the pull out couch in the living room. The hotel is located two blocks behind Planet Hollywood and luckily on our last night we found out there was a free shuttle to Harrah's!  Read the brochures ladies and gentleman, could of saved us a few taxi rides.  Not once do I think we got the hotel name right when climbing in, Grand Palm Wyndham Desert Hotel?  The pool is heated and it was utilized even in the 40 degree winter Vegas weather.And for all you nosy people out there, yes he did find some hot chick on the strip and took her home.  See we all win.
4	Very nice property just off Vegas Strip. Huge room with great kitchen, large living room space with pull out sofa, washer and dryer, and even a hot tub! Can't beat the price for this place. Only gave it 4 stars since the local TV channels were fuzzy... but you don't come to Vegas to watch TV right! If you wanted internet service in your room it was available for a fee (didn't bother paying to find out). There is a business center with a few computers and printer to use for free downstairs in main lobby. Would definitely stay here again and would recommend the place to family and friends. Just don't get sucked into their timeshare presentation and you should be fine.
3	Clean roomsVery nice customer servicemain pool is beautifulshuttle service is limited to one stoprooms looked better in the pictures but were still niceand hands down most comfortable bed i have ever slept on in a hotel room over all it was nice and affordable.
3	We had a group of 8 stay here for a Vegas trip and it was a nice room and quite comfortable.  We got a good deal on the room, and it isn't that far off the strip.  Although we did mainly use our car, it is not unreasonable to walk to the strip from here, but it could take some time.  We had a good room which slept 8 comfortably.  Only complaints were that the staff seemed really confused when we were checking in - it took us like 30 minutes to get everything settled - and they could have provided us with more toiletries like soap and shampoo.  We didn't get a chance to enjoy the rest of the amenities on the trip.  Parking wasn't too bad, although it did get kind of crowded at times.
3	A group of five of us came here and stayed at the 2-bedroom suite. The room itself is nice. Two double beds in one room (perfect for the boys) and a king sized bed with a jacuzzi tub and large bathroom in the other room (perfect for the girls). I love the full-sized kitchen and counter for mixing drinks before a night out. I love the extra sleeper bed in the living room for last-minute crashers. I did not like the terrible service. It was a busy Friday early evening and only two of the 5 available "registers" were available. When we finally got to the front (after waiting a half-hour in line), they not only could not find my name but when they finally found me, they only offered 2 keys. Hello people, the room sleeps 8!!! It took another 10 minutes to get 2 extra keys. It may not help that I was already cranky from sitting in traffic on Harmon Rd for 45 minutes because of construction. I swear we drove 3 blocks during that entire time. Anyway, I digress. My friends were still stuck in traffic so I asked to leave the two keys at the front desk for my friends to pick up since we were heading out as soon as we got to the room. It took my friends the same half-hour waiting in line to get to the front. They finally bribed the bell boy with some cup cakes to get to the front and he got them their keys, only after another 10 minutes of his searching.  Ugh!!!Visited the pool during their Saturday afternoon pool party. A party it is not because they had some lady screeching rock songs and dancing around the pool area. Thank god it started to drizzle and the band had to stop. After that, it was much better...If you have a family with kids, this place is great. If you are young, have no tolerance for crazy traffic, do not know the back roads and like good service, DON'T COME HERE. Or at least wait until construction is completed. Maybe I'll have a little more patience by then.
4	You need to come here understanding it is not a typical Vegas hotel (well, in that it's a timeshare).  If you want a place you can go downstairs at 4am and stumble back up with a lighter wallet and possibly some missing articles of clothing -- this is not the place for you.You end up feeling pretty secluded out here despite it being just a mile from the strip.  Sure, it's a $10 taxi anywhere, but at least for people looking to go out and party, you'd sure to want to leave this place.There was a full kitchen, but for us the fridge + microwave were what was most convenient for us.  There was also a convenience store in our tower which was nice.  The layout of this place was so strange.  We had to cut through a garage to get out of the building through the courtyard to get into the lobby and then back outside to catch a cab.Walking to the strip is kind of funny b/c everything looks way closer than it is.  It's a 15-20 minute walk to one of the hotels.  We didn't realize but Vegas Law prohibits taxis from picking you up or dropping you off anywhere that isn't a hotel.  So if you walk up to a taxi in traffic, they aren't trying to be asses when they lock the door on you.Or they are trying to be asses, but at least with some merit.There are a lot of families here and you can hear the kids screaming in the hallways.  I wouldn't pay to stay here if one of the casino hotels were similarly priced just for the other conveniences -- but for what it is, it is nice.
4	Four Vegas stars for the  Wyndham Grand Desert Resort.A good chunk of my recent trip to Vegas was spent here.  Our group of 10 was best served condo style.  We had (2) two bedroom condos and (1) one bedroom.  The furnishings in our units didn't match the posted pictures on Yelp, but in my opinion that's not such a bad thing.  :) All the units we had were furnished in an almost identical manner with lots of neutral colors, granite counter tops (in the fully stocked kitchen) and full size washer and dryer.  The 2 bedroom units looked over the pool area which is super pretty.  I bet it's a lot of fun during the warmer months.  They even have a separate pool for those 18 and over that would like to splash around without a bunch of little ones in the pool with them.  The 1 bedroom unit actually had a view of the strip which is rather unappealing during the day, but full of Vegas flash at night.The master bathroom rocked although you better *really* like the person you're with because there is absolutely NO privacy.  I'm not even sure why there is a door since there is the big cutout for the jacuzzi tub (see photo).They have a market and grill onsite along with a business center with probably 8-10 machines that are all free to use.  They also have an activity room with pool tables, a few video games and 4 Xbox, Wii stations.  The video games cost $.50 per game, but the Xbox and Wii were free.  Very nice addition if you have kids in your group.  And since all rooms come with a DVD player, they have a nice selection of rentals that you can borrow (for free, I believe).   I didn't do the tanning bed or get a massage, but they have those services, too!This is a non-gaming resort, but there is a bar downstairs that has some video poker machines.If you want to get your gamble on, they have a free shuttle that runs all day long (until 10pm) that will take you to the strip (Harrah's).  You could easily walk though as it's only a couple of blocks (Planet Hollywood and MGM are the two closest casinos).  That said, since you already do so much walking once you actually get to the strip, having a shuttle is a nice break.  This place suited our needs perfectly and if I ever go back to Vegas for any length of time with kids, I would absolutely stay here again.
5	This place is AWESOME! Especially because they let us check in at 9AM!!! Check in wasn't supposed to be until around 3 or 4pm, but when we arrived to just drop off our bags, they were able to get us into a room, right then and there!We had five guys, in a one room condo, and it was more than adequate. If you're looking for top quality, high snobiety pish posh, this isn't the place for you. If you ARE looking for a super nice, comfortable place that makes you feel like you're at home away from home, then you've found it.All of the accommodations you could want: Two pools, a few jacuzzis, a restaurant, a store, and a bar all within the confines of the hotel. The entire staff is super friendly. Everyone from the cooks, to the barmen, to the security guards, to the staff at the front desk were really awesome.The towers are only accessible by card key, they have patrolling security guards that make rounds around the grounds. We met one, I can't for the life of me remember his name, but he was a REALLY great guy, helpful as hell too. He hooked us up with a guy at the front desk who was able to get a bad ass ride to the Palms for dinner, and was going to get us other accommodations at clubs and bars, but we didn't have the time to do all that stuff too. It is about a mile, plus or minus, off the strip, but it isn't a bad walk, even when you're sober! Aside from walking, they have shuttles that take you to and from Harrah's that stop running around 10pm, but they keep bringing you back, even the Rio shuttle, til about 12 or 12:30am.All around, it was comfortable, accommodating, and a good place to have fun. I definitely would stay here again.
4	We arrived in Vegas with the impression that we would be staying at the Wyndham Worldmark on West Tropicana Blvd only to be told that extensive water damage had ruined 40 of their rooms and that we were being moved. Well sweet! Not only did we get moved, but we were upgraded to our own suites at the Wyndham Grand Desert which is only 2 blocks off the strip. The facilities are lovely and there is a free shuttle to Harrah's on the strip that leaves about every 10 minutes. So it cuts down on those ever present cab fares. The rooms were very really clean and there was plenty of space as well. The stand-out point of the weekend was the staff. Every single person we encountered that worked there was incredibly friendly and helpful (with the exception of the concierge who had no idea how to do his job). Everyone was attentive and had a genuine smile on their face. The main pool area was gorgeous, and although the crowd was a little older than normal for Las Vegas, it made for a completely relaxing weekend.
1	Did not like the hotel style setting, or the fact that you cannot open windows, and had no balconies.  Sis is a VIP member, so they upgrade one bedrooms to 2 at no cost, which is cool, but rooms are over priced and there is NOTHING to do on site.  Lobby is far from some rooms, and no one tells you how to get where you are going.  We had to walk around pool area dragging luggage behind us, as staff watched us pass by and never offered directions or assistance.  Don't waste you're money or your time.
4	This is my 1st time in Vegas and I purposely picked this place because it is close to the strip but yet, not on the strip. We came out here for my wedding and I had another stayed with me in the 2 BR suite and my photographer and his wife stayed at the 1 BR suite.The service was great and the rooms were clean. We did not cook but everything you need were there. The staffs were friendly and we rented the Gabana and they were pretty cool too...with a fan and cable TV.I would come back again and stay here
4	We all stayed here at one of our friend's timeshare. Our stay was comfortable and it was awesome. Think about four couples and 3 singles in two 2bd/2ba condos; and it was more than adequate. Great amenities, business center, fitness gym center,  pool, hot tub jacuzzi, free parking, friendly hospitality, etc. Although it's off the strip by a few blocks, it was a nice brisk walk to and from the Wyndham. I'd stay here again.
4	I stayed here for 5 days on a recent trip to Vegas as one of my friends has a time share here.  Free hotel accommodations = more $ for the tables!  I'm actually really glad we stayed here and not at one of the major casion/hotels on the strip because having such easy access to a casino can be dangerous!    Only two long blocks away from the strip the Wyndam is between the MGM and Hard Rock.  The decor is slightly out dated but still acceptable.  We had a two bed room suit and although the carpets are a little worn and the bar stools were a little rickety, it was still a very comfortable place to stay.  The resort had 3 pools and the main pool is very nice.  We stayed in tower 3 so it had a small pool that we did not use.  The room was very clean and the linens smelled fresh.  The staff here are very helpful and go out of their way to assist you.  Definitely will be back!
4	I was fortunate enough to accompany some friends with ownership here to stay a few nights.  The place is just beautiful.  It is a short distance from the strip, which is either good or bad.  I like being away from the craziness when I am ready fore rest.When you check-in there are less people at registration than there are at guest services...even though the need for registration is higher...I thought that could be fixed.  The rooms are great!  We stayed in a 2 bedroom condo, and we had more space than we knew what to do with.  A full kitchen, dining room, and living room...on top of the 2 bedrooms and bathrooms.  The master even has a jacuzzi in it!  Everything was so clean, convenient and comfortable.  They have 3 pools: a 24 hour pool, a family pool, and an adult pool.  They say they have the only 24 hour pool on the strip, which is awesome for 3 am dips.  I was so happy that there was an option for a no children allowed pool...sometimes you just want to relax.  When I used the pool and spa, they were never crowded, and there was always plenty of space in and out of the water.I would gladly stay here again.
5	we bought an ownership here through the resale market after going to a presentation over new years and it was the best thing we've ever done.  The Grand Desert is a beautiful, well kept resort.  The rooms are well appointed. staff are courteous and there is a full calendar of activities that includes trips to the outlet mall and grocery store.The rooms and hallways smell like waffles in the B building 24 hours a day.  Its a pleasant smell though but I craved waffles all week.  lol
4	I have stayed here twice thanks to a cool sister-in-law who lets us stay here on her dime. The timeshare resort itself is not very big but the rooms are very spacious and comfortable.  The best room I have ever stayed in Vegas compared to any room I have stayed in on the strip, this includes Ceasar's, Paris and Bellagio.  They have two pools, tennis courts, bar, pizza lounge, game room and  a mini gym that they have every building.  There is a total of 3 buildings which you can stay in.They also have shuttle bus service that takes you to the main strip.  It drops you off at Harrah's and runs every 25 to 30 minutes.  The shuttle is free with a pass that you get when you first check in.  Remember to tip the shuttle driver at drop off because it's the right thing to do.Back to the rooms, they have a dining room area where a whole family can enjoy meals.  A kitchen with all the appliances and utensils.  A in-room washer and dryer to do any laundry.  The bedrooms have a king size bed, TV and a joining bathroom with a jacuzzi tub for two.  There is also a living room area with another TV.  Like I said earlier the rooms are spacious and comfortable.  I would love to come and stay here again.  The resort is awesome.  I would even consider buying a timeshare if my sister in law stopped letting us stay here for free.
4	My parents own a timeshare with Wyndham and we recently stayed at the Grand Desert for a little mother/daughter Vegas weekend.  The one bedroom suite we had in Tower 2 was very spacious & comfortable.  We had a large bathroom with a large shower (with a disappointingly weak showerhead), a huge whirlpool tub in an adjoining room, living room, dining area & kitchen.  The unit was complete with washer/dryer, fridge, stove, microwave, toaster, coffeepot, dishwasher & two tvs.  The bed was firm/hard, the couch was comfy & the pillows were plentiful.  The grounds are well manicured and the below tower parking was convenient.  Check-in was smooth & check-out was a breeze - just call to let the front desk know & leave your roomkeys on the counter inside the suite.Overall, I was pleased with our stay but there were a couple low points for me personally:- the hallway in Tower 2 consistently smelled like it was hiding hundreds of  vanilla Yankee candles everywhere.  It reeked and made me gag every time I had to walk through it.  The smell was STRONG.- the 24-hour pool and hot tub was over-run with loud obnoxious teenagers & their oblivious parents and small children afer midnight the night we went.  The 'heated' pool was freezing (maybe 65 degrees, probably lower) and cloudy.  Never had a chance to get in the hot tub, despite waiting almost an hour.  The family crowded in it when we arrived was still holding court when we left.  Here's a good idea Wyndham - make the 24 pool the adults only pool instead of closing that one at dusk. Other than those two quibbling things (maybe I'm just getting old & persnickety) we had a lovely time.  I am booked for another weekend in September and look forward to it.  I will ask for a different, non-vanilla smelling tower and cross my fingers that the kiddies are back in school by then.
5	Best accommodation we ever had in Las Vegas. Excellent customer service and high end accommodation. Highly recommended if you are traveling with family.
1	The day before our checkout, we received a letter on the door knob with instructions for checking out. Nowhere on the letter was the checkout time, nor was it posted anywhere in the room or in any of the documents we received. We assumed it was the standard noon checkout - if they wanted people out early, no doubt it would be posted somewhere.We got a phone call from housekeeping at 10:30am telling us we were supposed to be out of the room already. We called the front desk and they told us they were charging us $100 per hour past the check out time, and that we had to be out of the room in 20 minutes or it was going to be another $100. We were still in bed at this point, so we asked for a little leeway time and they said no, we absolutely had to be out in 20 minutes. They were very rude and acted disgusted that we would even ask.We frantically hopped out of bed and packed in 20 minutes (try doing that on 3 hours of sleep after you've been living in a room for 5 days) while housekeeping stood outside of our door waiting. We ended up forgetting several items (my $50-60 shaving kit, the other two people I was with forgot things as well in the rush). It was a complete nightmare. We took a cab to THEhotel at Mandalay and checked in, it was like night and day compared to the Wyndham, we finally got to see what real service and luxury is like.Other than that terrible experience, the stay was mediocre. The adult pool closes early, so you're left with the family pool at night. I don't know what kind of people take their small children swimming around people with alcohol at 3am, but you'll find that every night at the Wyndham. The television is just standard local television with no pay-per-view movies available, so don't count on that for any entertainment. And be prepared for 8am wake up calls trying to sell you more time share packages.The silver lining to all of this is that we used the last of our points on this trip and we'll never be returning to any Wyndham property. Absolutely awful.
3	I've stayed at another Wyndham timeshare property and they seem to all be pretty close to the same:  Living room, dining room, kitchen, washer/dryer, bedroom, bathroom.   Nothing spectacular for the chain.The location is nice.  It's on Harmon not too far from the strip, just east of The Signature.  I'm sure you could walk to the strip if you really wanted to.  It is definitely in walking distance to the Hard Rock.They have an adults only pool which was nice.  There was a bar out there and music sporadically played while we were down there.  The only downside to the pool was it was surrounded by the towers, so we were in the shade pretty early in the afternoon.  Some things I disliked:  1.  The air freshener.  Vanilla is a nice scent but when it's overpowering, it starts to make you mad that you don't have any cookies.2.  The staff can't seem to enter information in their system correctly.  My friend spent 4 hours getting her name added as an owner at this location only to return and the staff have to go to the back room and talk to a manager to try to locate her name so we could check in.  Her dead grandmother was supposed to be removed at the same time and she is still showing as an owner.  3.  The staff said the bar would be open until 2.  It was open until 1.  We drank elsewhere, but I don't like being given wrong information.4.  The pool being shady prematurely.5.  No device to plug my MP3 player in to listen to.  There is however a CD player.  Who still has CD's?All in all, it's a good location with what timeshare owners expect from the Wyndham locations.
4	LOVE the Wyndham! We are owners with the resort and we stay here 4-5 times a year for business and pleasure. Went last year to celebrate youngest sons 21st birthday, going back next month for oldest sons 30th birthday! Rooms are great, love the kitchen so we don't have to spend a fortune on restaurants every time we want to eat. And the washer & dryer... It is so nice to go with clean clothes rather dragging dirty ones home with you and have a ton of laundry to do when you get back. Any problems that have come up are quickly taken care of. Only thing I don't like is the Sales people...lying friggin dogs. Had a couple of bad experiences with them and DO NOT trust them for a second. Get EVERYTHING they say in writting or else you will be sorry. They will say what ever it takes to get the sale. Other than that, we love the place. Guest services is great and we have no problems with the employees, very hospitable for sure. Nice workout area and If you decide to get a massage ask for Andy, she is very good!
4	Nice big rooms. We had a full kitchen and 2 bedrooms. It also had a washer and dryer in the unit. There are a ton of things to do on property.  Its a nice option if your gonna be in Vegas for a long time.
4	Stayed here this past weekend thanks to my friend's time share.  We were able to get the biggest suite there which was on the 15th floor in tower 2.  Space was huge for a 3 bedroom suite.  The layout was nice and the necessities within the suite was everything you would expect and more.  As far as location, it's close enough to the strip and major hotels.  The most I paid for a taxi was $10 so it was very reasonable especially after a day or night of drinking.Definitely a good place to stay at if you plan on being in Vegas for a long period of time.Can't expect anything more from a timeshare.   Good job Wyndham!Almost forgot to mention............. this place has a 13th floor!  This is the first hotel/resort I have stayed at which had a 13th floor.
5	To walk to my room and not have to smell the horrible smoke and booze ridden air/floors etc of a regular Vegas hotel - LOVE IT. The rooms are comfortable in size and quality, the service is great, you're a short cab trip away from anything (or a free shuttle to Harrah's on the strip), and if you can avoid a timeshare presentation even better! Don't sit through a timeshare presentation unless you really really need an extra $100+ bucks in your pocket and you're willing to spend 1/2 day with them. They say 90 minutes, but it will be half day! But if you're interested in buying a timeshare, then sit through it because Wyndham is one of the best out there!!
5	We usually do a big bang vacation while visiting this property. We stayed here the week prior to Christmas and had a blast. The staff basically kissed our asses whenever there was an issue or we needed something brought up to the room.The staff is awesome and the property is very clean. The shuttle service that is offered drops you off at Harrah's, what a life saver.Absolutely no complaints on this end.
3	A bit out of the way, but that can be nice (super convenient for the airport). I think the most annoying thing about this place is the ridiculous speed bumps. They are killer for a low lying car, as most expensive sports cars are. Not nice to kill your guests' cars!!  The shuttle was not the least bit convenient with very vague timings and sometimes will only be dropping people off and will not take pick people up (happened to us from both harrahs and the resort itself). Because they are always running marketing packages, you end up getting herded like cattle in the shuttles. Not a fun experience for a 'luxury' resort.  The 'activities' can be a bit of a joke as well. They had muffins and coffee in the lobby one morning and they were pathetic even for free food. Mini Sara lee muffins from a box are not all that luxurious.We stayed in tower 3, which was not as nice as what we saw in tower 1, even though they claimed this was newly renovated.  The room was big and clean and little things made me feel like they paid attention to detail (including a mattress pad for the fold out couch).  There were two tvs, a stereo, and a DVD player and a view of the airport for one's entertainment needs.  But the room was extremely loud and the construction quality cheap. The appliances were generally good, but the oven was outdated.  Anything that runs water (shower, ice maker, washer) is sure to keep you up. The shower had the most pathetic water pressure, which was weird because the tap would fill the tub in seconds. Maybe it's supposed to be a rain-like feature, but we were not fans.I suppose I shouldn't complain, having paid about $50 a night for this place - but I was hoping for more from this vacation giant.
4	The place was nice, although I would have like to have stayed at tropicana wyndham resort where the lazy river was.We stayed in a 3bdrooom. place which was nice . and there's a shuttle that takes you to the strip and takes you back later when you're done.So you dont have to drive and have a hard time parking . . .Overall it was a good place to stay at.
4	For the past 20-ish years, my family has come to Las Vegas for a week every January for the Consumer Electronics show. This year my husband and I made the trip together, along with our 9 month old. We usually stay in the same hotel as the show rooms, but a week in a hotel gets old. Fast. Especially if the show room is basically the same as the room you stay in. So, on the recommendation of a friend we decided to get a room at the Grand Desert, and we couldn't be happier with our decision! We got a two room unit, which has two bathrooms, kitchen, living room, and dining area. We have the baby in one room and us in the other, but you could easily have four-six people here comfortably depending on how much time you actually spend in the room. Having a fridge, coffee maker and stove is nice, even if you just have coffee and a bagel in the morning - which would cost you at least $10 at a hotel. Also has a washer and dryer!! Going home without a suitcase full of dirty clothes is a joy. The service has been impeccable, we called for a crib and they also offered a high chair and both we promptly delivered.   While they were delivering those, we mentioned that the shower head in one of the showers seemed to be breaking.  The guy called another guy who was in the room and replacing the shower head within minutes. All of this at 10:30 at night! The internet is one of only a few negatives (that and the sickeningly sweet smell in the hallways, I don't want to know what they are trying to cover up). Not shockingly is AT&T, and sucks. It is $30 for five days access, which would be fine if it covered the room, unfortunately that is "Per Device," so if you had four adults on laptops, that would be $120 for five days of slow internet. Total rip - but necessary if you are here and actually working. 10am also seems early for checkout - especially if you have been here more than a few days and have settled in. Four stars for all the great, but star taken off for internet, smell and checkout time.
4	Wyndham Grand Desert Resort is a nice change for fans of Laas Vegas who are tired of the hustle-bustle of the Strip. Reasonable distances to all attractions, excellent suite accomodations, shuttle bus to take us to the overrated "strip" and super-nice resort staff. The activities and equipment are extensive so that you could stay at the resort for a week and not go to the strip yet not be bored. Enjoyable stay.
4	We arrived at night and Jim checked us in. Super nice fellow. We had the two bedroom suite with full kitchen, 3 TVs, dining room, breakfast bar, jacuzzi tub, stereo, 2 full bathrooms, washer & dryer,  I could go on and on. But I won't. You'll have to try to book accommodations there yourself. I am a super huge fan of having a place to store my restaurant leftovers (refrigerator) and reheat them (stove/oven/microwave) the next morning to eat with my in-suite pre-Starbucks coffee. This place has 3 pools. 4 jacuzzis. 3 or 4 fitness centers. Lobbies with 'activities' like "chips/salsa + margaritas" for happy hour or "champagne receptions" for guests. There is free Wi-Fi (AT&T) but if you didn't bring your computer, there are 3 business centers with plenty of computers. There is an activity center where you can "borrow" DVDs to watch in room on your DVD player, playa!  So far so good no complaints. I was so totally happy here. But when I was ready to make that move to the wickedness of Sin City's famed "Strip", there was a free shuttle to deliver me directly to Harrah's shuttle zone. Aw man was I a happy camper! Dam!
4	We got a hootel room with 2 bed rooms, a kitchen, livingroom, and they had a stovee and oven! The kitchen came with so many utensils .. wasn't even funny! Felt like i was at home. IT's like 2-3 blocks away from the strip but would highly recommend for the price & room. They have a shuttle that comes every 30 minutes? I don't remember. They have a jacuzzi in the masteroom! the restrooms were beautiful and they had a radio & a TV in the living room. didn't look too cheap. they were very nice about giving us extra towels. I would def. come back.
4	I stayed in the one bedroom suite which has a fridge, stove, sink, dishes, washer, dryer, dinnette table, living area, and one bathroom. The couch also pulls out as a bed...but it's not very comfortable, but then again, it's a pull out bed. I just expected a better mattress compared to other hotels that have a pull out bed. Next time, I'll get the 2 bedroom for the better mattress, extra bathroom, and jacuzzi tub. I liked that it had 3 pools. A pool that could be used for everyone, an adult pool, and a 24/7 pool. I didn't get to see the 24/7 pool, but the staff said there was nothing special about it, and it was smaller since it was in the 3rd tower, across the way. Tower 1 and 2 are bridged together and have the 2 pools, so try to stay in these towers. The adult pool is for 18 and over. It has a bar as well to order drinks. This is if you don't have kids or you don't want to get splashed by a bunch of kids or you want a less crowded pool. The pool for all ages is right below, which you can access by a walkway. They have all kinds of fun activities like karaoke and sno cones for the kids. They played good music too. they have free wi-fi if you have your own laptop. If not, you can pay a fee to use the internet or they have a business center where you can use the internet for free. Although, the internet is really slow and hard to do stuff if you have a phone (figures, it's AT&T internet). I couldn't get service on my iphone half the time. this was the only downfall. The service from the resort staff was excellent! They also have a starbucks coffee cart with free bagels/pastries for guests. They have a lounge with a bar to hang out and get drinks. they also have a little market, and a place to order food with seating area. Very nice resort and great for a weekend or for a week. Definitely recommend for your family or if you have a bunch of friends. Theres also a free shuttle that takes you to Harrah's which is cool and convenient if you don't want to take your car anywhere.
2	I stayed 3 nights 4 days at the Grand Desert. Checking in the gentleman at the front desk was very nice and welcoming. I stayed in 2 joined suites and it was more then I expected. Huge beds, a big jacuzzi tub and full kitchen. The pools were nice and clean and great for sun bathing. Everyone had a friendly smile on their face and even the security guards were extremely welcoming. My main complaint I had about this establishment was during their pool side trivia contest. My large group of friends were sunbathing in the grassy area when we were asked to join a "guess that song" type of trivia contest. Seeing that our group is well versed in a wide variety of music genres and being trivia enthusiast we thought this might be a fun way to win a free drink. After dominating the first few questions we started to become a little more competitive. After a few minutes of playing the woman in charge of the pool side activities played a well known song, "Stuck in the middle with you" (most notably known in the sound track of director Quentin Tarantino's Reservoir Dogs) Our team quickly answered saying "Stuck in the middle with you" was song by the band Stealers Wheel. The woman in charged said we were wrong and allowed us a second guess. We replied with Gerry Rafferty (the songwriter) she once again said we were incorrect. Confused we waited for another group to answer and no one did. The woman in charge of the festivities said it was a song made famous by Bob Dylan. This was 100% wrong. While the vocals have a unique sound it is just not Bob Dylan. Now the majority of our group being fans of Classic rock and more specifically Bob Dylan we were sure in our answer. A separate team even went up to the woman in charge of pool side activities and showed proof that it is in fact Stealers Wheel NOT Bob Dylan who sang the song. The woman in charge of pool side activities was insistent she was correct, NOT because she had an extensive knowledge of Bob Dylan's work (like my team and ever growing group of supporters) but because its what her Ipod said. Now I will be the first to admit I have music mislabeled in my ipod. It is not a fact I am proud of but its true. I suggest that the woman who is in charge of pool side activities and lounge singing to start buying her music legal through itunes, amazon, or various of the mp3 downloading site so it will be properly labeled and avoid illegally downloading music to avoid this type of mix up in the end. If you're in charge of trivia make sure you have the correct answers. All in all it was a great trip and the resort was fantastic. I just hope if I end up revisiting the Grand Desert they will have the correct answers for any trivia contest they have, be in pool side or where ever.www.youtube.com/watch?v=DohRa9lsx0Q
4	This place worked out excellent for us. 8th floor, tower I, facing the pool. Loved the view. Room and amenities including the dishes were very clean and  nice.(Irma was our housekeeping person) It looked like the place may have had some upgrades: kitchen counter was still laminate though!Jim from Oregon checked us in. He mentioned something about us getting a complimentary bottle of wine delivered to our room. It never came, and we never called to find out where it was! -Sound proof and black out curtains and very comfy bed. -Sometimes it's hard to get good sleep away from home. Not the case here. WE HAD GREAT SLEEP!Apparently there is a Vegas building ordinance that doesn't allow pools in public places to be built over 4 feet deep now. That is the depth in the deepest spot at the resort pools. We made due, of course, but like our water a bit deeper!We would stay here again in a heartbeat.
5	Awesome hotel! We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite that did not disappoint. Free shuttle to and from the strip. Friendly as hell receptionist and drivers. Room was very clean and bed was comfortable. They had an Adult pool party which was kinda lame but everything else was great. I will be staying here next time i go to Vegas.
5	Some people might ask: "What's the point of Vegas without the drunk people roaming around the hotel, loud & annoying slot machines, and smoke?"Well... All I have to say is... If you want that, just go to another other hotels on the strip.  This location is relatively close to the strip, and I love booking this when I am coming with a group of friends.I normally like to book the 2 bedroom suite when I come to this location:- 2 Bedroom (1 Master Bedroom with King Bed, Jaccuzi, See through shower; and the other bedroom have 2 full/queen size bed).- Kitchen with all the gears that I don't know how to use- Laundry- Living room with pull-out sofa bedA 2 bedroom suite can comfortably sleep a party of 10.  Please note that this location is a vacation resort, so they do not have room service daily.  But you can always buzz the front desk for service.  Definitely a great place to stay at if you are traveling with kids and/or want a relaxing weekend at Vegas instead.
5	This hotel is very clean the staff is very friendly & helpful!! Warning this is a family hotel so do not be surprise if you see a tribe of kids zoomin by! The adult pool area is very nice! Overall great experience for a nice summer get away!
5	We got a great deal since we're an RCI affiliate member ($250 for a weekend 2bd/2ba).I will say though, that if you have kids (the ones we brought were 2 and 4), the kids pool is absolutely AWESOME.  It's 4 feet deep at its deepest point and has a life-guard at all times.  Being able to sit and watch the kids swim and not be helicopter parents made all the difference.Great service (shuttle to the strip!) all around, and a super-clean environment.
3	We stayed here this past weekend in Las Vegas. It was my first time NOT staying on the strip and it wasn't so "disconnected".  I loved the 2 bedroom suite, the jacuzzi tub, kitchen, flat screens in every room. What I did miss about the strip hotels: Room service, Casino floors and fun pool bars. Also, there was a strange stench that arose from the tub whenever I took a bath. Weird.
4	So, first time in Vegas, staying off the Strip. Okay, not a bad idea. It was super cheap for us all to stay together in in a suite with two bedrooms, then again, there was like 20 of us. It's pretty close to the strip, but in the heat, it seems like it's forever. The pool was pretty nice, but you know, a poolside bar would have been nice as well. It was just nice to get out and have a nice time.It's a pretty big place: bedrooms, two baths, kitchen, laundry, living room and dining room.
5	Stayed in the 3bedroom presidential suites for my 27th birthday and it was amazing. It really did smell like waffles in the hallway but Id rather smell waffles than must and cigarettes. :)I loved the suite and can't wait til my next stay.
4	The main tower was much nicer this time around.  Our joined 2 bedroom suite was very nice with a complete dining set, living room & kitchen.  It overlooked the main pool complex which we had time to visit several times.There are two main pools, one adults only & several (I counted three) hot tubs.  There are a ton of padded lounge chairs (three cheers for no waffle butt!), tables with chairs & cabanas that you can rent.  I didn't see anyone renting a cabana during my trip.  There's also a bar at the adults pool but it closes relatively early.  Both pools close at 10PM but there is a 24-hour pool by one of the other towers.
4	In order to save some money but still keep it classy, homegirl Jaymie S. decided to put us up in the Wyndham, and I'm glad she did so. For my entire Vegas trip of 3 days and 2 nights, I only paid about $20 for the hotel. Sure, there were 20 of us in a 3 bed suite (+1 pullout futon), but I was able to save a good amount of money and still sleep comfortably. The Wyndham is great for those who don't want the hustle and bustle, as well as the prices of the Strip, but still want to be within a 5 min walk.The suites come with all the necessary amenities, including very nicely decorated bathrooms, a kitchen, TV, radio, etc. Even on a hot 110 F day, the pool was kept to a perfect temperature and not overheated like most pools tend to be. Great lounge chairs and towels, and a nice jacuzzi with a back massage fountain.As Nina Y. heavily emphasizes, it was "nice."
4	We were able to stay at this resort for Free-99 through family that are Wyndham Time Share Owners.  Our suite had a living area, nicely equipped kitchenette and separate bedrooom.  Likes:Hallways smell like cotton candy.Firm but comfy bed.Quiet- not too many partiers.2 pools (family & adult - adult pool and jacuzzi open all hours).Dislikes:Bath products are small.Shower pressure not great.No casino.Bar is just so-so.Subjective:Walking distance to main strip (about 10 minutes, 20+ if you're drunk - lol).Most patrons are from older age group (40+).Not as fancy or ornate as strip hotels.Kind of a Vegas-Lite experience.  More for the mellow-not-here-so-much-to-party kind of folk.Would recommend for large groups and families.  3.5 stars rounded up.
5	We will never stay on the Las Vegas strip again, that is as long as we do not have to. During our latest trip to Las Vegas, my wife purchased a 5 night stay at the Wyndam Grand Desert resort from a timeshare owner for just $395! That might have been what we would have paid for any decent room on the strip but what we got at the Wyndam was so much more.- 2 bedroom suite w/ full kitchen, dining & living areas, jetted tub- Didn't have to walk trough smokey, stinky casino to get to room- 3 swimming pools to choose from- Lack of crowds- Off strip but still close enough to walk- Like-home accommodationsThis place is great. I'm not saying to go out and buy a Las Vegas timeshare but if you can find someone who is selling their time-slot, for whatever reason and it works out with your travel plans, then by all means check this place out.We were able to save money on our trip by utilizing the full kitchen meaning we didn't have to go out all the time to the over-priced Vegas restaurants. And with two full baths, 3 televisions, two bedrooms, a decent size living area, and more, relaxing in the room was a pleasant experience.Next time we come to Vegas, we will look for a place here again, or at least something very similar.
5	If you are going to Vegas with family and kids, you need to stay here.  I know you're thinking, why the heck are you taking kids to Vegas?!  Well, we wanted a vacation with the grandparents and aunts/uncle but we didn't want to pay too much for airfare.  Plus I had bonus points with RCI that I exchanged for the Wyndham.  So off to Vegas we went!I am a Hilton owner and usually stay at the HGVC resort near Sahara Blvd.  This place is not as luxurious as Hilton but it was a very cozy and comfortable stay.  I liked that the parking was so close to the entrance of our bldg.  Sauna and jacuzzi in my Tower 3 bldg.Wyndham tries very hard to make your experience there great.  I applaud their customer service.  One day I realized our room toaster oven was malfunctioning.  It was burning the toasts even at the lowest setting.  I called the operator to ask for a maintenance guy and they sent someone to bring us a brand new toaster.  Then 2 min. after that, they call to make sure you got what you needed.  I was very impressed.There was no charge for wi-fi when we stayed.  It was slow at times but overall not too bad.  Free dvd rentals in the activity center.  Washer and dryer in every unit.  If you're staying a week and want to do laundry during your stay, I'd recommend buying/bringing your own detergent, softener and fabric sheets.  They provide you w/ only powder detergent.
3	I was here over the NYE weekend. The property is two long blocks from the Stripe, but Harmon & Las Vegas blvd, was the epicenter of the NYE celebration.I stayed in Tower 1 and it is not the main tower, Tower 2 is and it is quite a walk to the main lobby. Tower 1 may also be the older tower, because you can clearly see the wear & tear in the room. No, the rooms are not rundown or decrepit. They just have the feel of well used to them. The 2 bedroom suite was roomy, and can probably sleep up to eight, but there are only two bathrooms and one is shared. There was a full kitchen with a complimentary bag of popcorn, two packs of hot chocolate and two packs of coffee (one regular and one decaf); however, there was also only two coffee service set (creamer and sugar).Since our group got a great deal, I could not complain about anything. Let's say we got our monies' worth.
5	This hotel does not have the fizzaz as most hotels on the strip but sometimes all that fizzaz is a bit much. Based on my experience here, my cousins, friends and I all stayed in a two bedroom space which includes a master bedroom, a second bedroom with two queens, living, dining and kitchen area - so much space!! The living area also has a sofa with a pull out bed, 15 girls and we were all comfy, never crowded. It's more of a family resort but again sooo comfy I tell ya, you can almost live there. They have humongous heated pools, game rooms, deli restaurants, activities - definitely a plus for a family trip as well. The place is also beautiful at night, from the view through the window panes of my room, with all the lights, palm trees surrounding the pool just gives it a beautiful touch of a romantic atmosphere where you can sit back and sigh to the good life feeling. One other plus, Wyndham offers free shuttle buses to Harrahs, perfecto! I highly recommend staying here if you're planning for a big group. Love it here would so stay here again. My review is very promising, trust, book here now people!
4	My everlasting Vegas memories doesn't always end up on The Strip.  In fact, I've never actually stayed anywhere on it... I've always gone the cheap route (you know I'm talking about you Hooters), but for my massive return to Vegas after a whole year, Wyndham sure knew how to please!It's advertised as a family resort for the kiddies.  I call it a college apartment that I wish I had, and even when there were over 20 of us crammed into one complex, it was nice to call this place home for a few days.It was cheap to get this place booked!  Mr. Jackson was all I needed to pay for this stay (thanks to the help of my fellow Yelp buddies booking and everything!), and our place was huge(enough).  In our three bed suite, we got two bedrooms, a dining area, kitchen, and a giant fridge to stuff with alcohol and mixers... I mean really.  It was awesome!  The "master" bedroom had its own tub, and a personal bathroom for your friend that had a bit too many AMFs on their first night out.And when I got back my first night to knock out, the nice carpeting was all I needed to have a good crash until morning came when the fun started back up again.Finally- this place provides complimentary wi-fi!  Just make sure you call in everyday to get a new login because it changes everyday.Only problem was that it's a bit off from the Strip, but they have shuttles going every half hour to Miracle Mile, so you can always catch one to and back for your convenience.I don't think there are any slot machines inside either, so if you need to keep someone away from the pressure, this place is definitely for you!
5	Amazing. this property is absolutely fantastic.We had a 2 bedroom suite with a full kitchen, two full baths, and a dining area and living room. We had a room that looked over the pool from the far tower. Jetted tub in the master bath! I'm sold! It's very clean and full of security. It is a short walk to strip and a short short cab ride back. There is also a bus that goes back and forth.My favorite part is that the pool is open 24-7. so after a long night out, you can go relax at 3 am in the hot tubs. We are planning a trip back next march!!!!!!
4	This last visit was the 3rd time ever staying here. Like always It was a very good experience. Pleasant staff, nice pools, nice full size apts style rooms. Here's another thing about the place, I know it's Vegas and gaming is  everywhere. But you don't have to walk long paths by slots, tables and bars back to your room. Sometimes that's a relief after a long Vegas nights.
5	Stayed in a 3-bedroom presidential suite and enjoyed every second of our stay. The suite was fabulously furnished with elegance and the view was breath-taking!!!  My platinum status even included free limo pickup to and from the airport!!
3	This property is lovely.  It is well maintained, clean and appropriate for a family.  While it is off of the strip, they offer shuttle service, which is nice.  The rooms are clean, beautifully decorated and you will find everything you need.  As always, I will warn of any visits to the "Customer Service" or "Sales Center".  This includes "member updates" or whatever fancy terms Wyndham is currently using to scam people.  It might be difficult to decline the sales visit with their offers of free food and money, but in the long run, you will be much better off because they will keep you there for hours and say absolutely anything (true or not) to get you to make a purchase!  Other than that, I would definitely recommend this property - and you do not have to be a Wyndham owner to stay at their resorts, so save yourself the frustration and financial hardships involved with a timeshare.  There are certainly wiser, less expensive ways of traveling.
4	Great customer service, clean place. I enjoyed our accommodations here and the prices were fair.
3	Very lovely place.  I was impressed with accommodations.  The actual sales staff left something to be desired.  It was especially unimpressive when my sales person made a couple of "off color" remarks that I felt were racist (I'm sure he would have definitely thought they weren't). I wouldn't buy into this time share.  They seem really shady and operate like used car salesmen.  Honestly, if you don't already have timeshare points with them, don't do it.  Run for the hills.  They lie, lie, lie, lie.
5	Best time share that I have been in...cant wait to come back .
3	So where are you all staying??Um, the Wynn.........................................damGrandDesertBesides having that same conversation all weekend, it was fine. It's not far off the strip and the suites are big. Ours was quite stuffy and the (fake/tacky) flowers were just a hot mess, but who cares. We were comfortable. We took advantage of our friend's family's timeshare so we probably won't be staying there again, but it was fine.
3	I legitimately felt ashamed staying here. After meeting someone, conversations went like this,New person: "Oh, where are you staying?"Me: "The WYNN..................... dham grand desert resort."There was no single horrific problem with the resort, there are just many lovely Vegas amenities that the resort lacked. For starters, there are no gambling options, shops, nor restaurants; it is off the strip, so if you like any of those aforementioned things (you do, otherwise you wouldn't be in Vegas) you have to taxi it. Walking isn't too far, but when drinks are involved you don't wanna be wasting precious Vegas time. A huge drawback was that the resort demographic appeared to be senior citizens, children, and families. Poor planning was definitely our group's fault since we knowingly agreed to stay here (Our friend has a timeshare, so it was cheap). If you're under the age of 60 and don't have children that you want to bring to Vegas, then I wouldn't recommend staying here haha. Also, the decor in the room was ridiculously outdated, not to mention the fake flower in the center piece of the living room table looked like every guest plucked at it and kept a petal. The living room furniture was wildly uncomfortable, and the entire two bedroom suite was always stuffy. The only type of stereo system in the room was a boombox from 1990. Unfortunately, no one in our group brought any cassetes (we're living in the 21st century), so we pre-gamed listening to the local Mexican radio station haha.I probably won't be staying there again unless I've been kidnapped, in which case if you see a check-in at the Wyndham after this date... HELP!!!
4	A very good place to stay off the strip if you want to save some money and have a lot of guests in one room.Seven of my friends and myself recently stayed in their two bedroom suite.  We had plenty of space to maneuver and sleep, so I would imagine that other groups of people could probably fit 10 or more in there.  The suite was completely spotless and clean when we entered.  The suite contains two full bathrooms, a kitchen, a dining room, a living room, a master bedroom, and a second bedroom.  The kitchen contains a stove and oven, and a full set of pots, pans and plates if for some reason you wanted to cook your own food.  There are also plenty of wine glasses and regular glasses in the cabinets if you want to prepare your beverages for the evening before going out.  The sofa in the living room can act as a pull out bed and can easily fit two people on it; one more person can fit in that area if he or she doesn't mind to sleep in a couch.  The smaller bedroom has two queen beds and can fit four people without anyone sleeping on the floor; easily five people can fit in that room if someone is willing to sleep on the floor.  The master bedroom has a king bed that could fit three people on it if you really wanted to cram, along with floor space for another person.  And if you wanted to cram even more people, the dining room has a bench seat that would easily allow another person to sleep there if he or she had a blanket to borrow.  The hotel has a free shuttle to Harrah's on the strip that runs until 10 PM.  Harrah's a is a great place to act as a shuttle stop as it is located nearby Caesar's Palance, TI, Mirage, and the Venetian.    The hotel staff is really friendly.  My group actually had a problem entering our room on the very first night because fresh paint on the door stuck to the door frame, making it difficult to open the door.  As an apology for the inconvenience, the staff gave us two free bottles of BV red wine.The hotel complex as a whole is pretty calm and quiet.  At night, you won't really have to deal with noise.  Most of the patrons here tend to be older or family groups.  I actually don't mind this at all - I like the peace and quiet when I am sleeping!With my group of 8, two nights spent here (Thursday and Friday nights) required each person to spend 50-80 total, depending on who got the master bedroom and who got the other places in the suite to sleep - not bad for two nights!
3	Let me start by stating that we own two timeshares but have NEVER used our points to stay in Vegas because we love staying in the hotels on the strip.  This year we had points we were going to lose so we stayed here.  GREAT DECISION!  This place has a stunning pool area and the rooms are comfortable and clean.  I had a few complaints that prevent me from rating this higher but to the resort's credit, we did not take the time to call them in.  We were in room 1041 and every time we flushed the toilet it made a horrendous, screaming sound that actually pierced your ears.  We don't like to spend time in our room and don't like to risk theft by having someone there when we are not in the room so we did not call this in to be repaired.  The carpet was also very wet in the kitchen area which leads me to believe there were some plumbing problems.  The shower was adequate but my pet-peeve about hotel showers is water pressure (or lack thereof) and maintaining adequate temperature during my shower.  The water pressure was just so so and the temperature kept fluctuating during my showers (I hate that!).  On a positive note, even though this is a time-share resort, we were not hounded by sales people. This place is an easy walk to the Hard Rock Hotel but if you are planning to go to the strip, you definitely need a car or you could take the shuttle which goes to Harrah's and it does run fairly frequently.  Harrah's is a great central location on the strip.  We will stay here again but will check out the room before we get settled in.
4	What a deal!!  Had a baseball tourney in LV and a friend set up the entire team at the Wyndham.  The place is off the strip but close enough to get to by walking so you're able to have all the night life you're looking for and get the hell away from it as you choose.Our room consisted of a large 1 bedroom with a full kitchen, dining room, living room and a large bath.  The living room had a pull out couch for the kids so there we enough sleeping accommodations for all of us.The property consists of (3) 15 stories, each having pools.  One of the towers features a regular pool and an adults only pool.  At the larger pool, cabana rentals are available for around $100 a day.  A small bar, convenience store and restaurant are located in one of the buildings.A key card is required to get up to the floors so you want to be certain that your kids are responsible enough to hang onto their key otherwise they're getting in.If you're looking for nightlife and a good dose of gambling, the Wyndham probably won't be for you.  However, if you have a group of kids along with you....you cannot beat this place.
1	Not the place to stay if you want to party in Vegas! During our two night stay we were accosted by an old church lady in the hallway on the way to the pool at 2pm...I guess we were being too loud...for 2pm, in Vegas, really?! Later that night someone (probably church lady) called security on us with a noise complaint at 8pm...again, 8pm in Vegas, WTF?!?
4	It lacks close location to the strip but offers very clean rooms, helpful 24 hour staff and a beautiful outward look on the desert and airport. No 5 stars only because of its small disadvantages such as an early close time for the gym and pool. It is called time-share, I should be able to use it at my disposal 24/7.dp
4	This is a great place to stay. No resort fees. Family oriented. Can't complain about the type of resort it is. But there's one thing that it's missing at that's the small personal touch that have a BIG impact on the overall customer satisfaction. At other casinos and hotels on the strip if they notice your celebrating an event, birthday, anniversary, wedding etc, they send you a hand written card, a gift, even a bottle of champagne, something to thank you for spending that special moment with them. Here .... Non of that, here it's "here's your suite, check out is at 10AM don't be late! " kind of sucks. On the reservation they have this space for notes or specifics, we wrote on there "we're celebrating our son's 2nd birthday". At the MGM, Mirage and THEHotel (Mandalay Bay) that's all it took. Here i did that AND sent  Guest Service Inventory Analyst and the Guest Service Manager an email and nothing. No note or anything. Don't expect that little special personal touch here.
4	Stayed here mid June 2012. I really liked our stay at this resort. Close enough to walk a few blocks to Planet Hollywood on the corner of Harmon. Our suite was clean and it had a well equipped kitchen.  Bathrooms where big and spacious. We had a nice view of the strip but far enough away to get away from it too.
4	Parking is insufficient!! Hazardous to park in the garage!!
3	The Good: Beautiful rooms! It was like staying in a nicely furnished condo. The kitchen had every appliance and pot and pan you would need. And the rooms were very clean. The entire hotel smelled wonderfully. And the pools were very nice, though small. Also, it wasn't too far from the strip. But I can see that if you are young, unless you get to stay here for free, you may enjoy staying at a hotel on the strip more. There are a lot of families and older couples that stay here, which isn't bad, but maybe not the "scene" for everyone.The Bad: Unless you are ok with being personally insulted, held hostage for 2+ hours, and made to feel like the biggest dirt bag in the world for not buying a $12,000 timeshare (excuse me, "vacation ownership") on the spot, UNINVITE yourself to the sales pitches and free comps they invite you to when you get a tour of the hotel. Our salesman was nice, but when he saw we weren't going to buy, he brought in a "closer" who insulted me so horribly he made me cry. Embarrassing, but true.
4	Great place to rest up from the road, and it has laundry facilities right in the room!  (Be sure to check the dryer for rust).  We may have found a new Vegas favorite.
4	Ok Ok, so I was going to rate this place a 2, possibly a 3, but I ended up giving it a 4.Why do you ask? Because of the customer service and the location.Me and my family have been going to countless time shares in Las Vegas due to the fact we have a time share. I think we've attended 4-5 in Vegas alone. We usually spend 7 days a week here and invite the whole family to come along.So as soon as I saw our 2 bed room suite, I wasn't impressed with the space and the setup they had in the room. It could have been a little bigger and spent more time on making the place more " to the times." Even the TV was small.So I tried turning on the AC unit and it wouldn't work. I called down stairs and they sent up an A/C tech within 10 minutes. He spent 5 minutes working on it, and the the front desk even called up 10 minutes later asking if the tech arrived, and if we wanted anything else.I'm going on my 3rd day here, and using one of the computers from there "free computer room." Oh and the location is amazing... only a mile from the strip and it's close to bars that I always frequent. So I ended up giving this place a 4 after much consideration. Enjoy!
4	Got a one-bedroom and it had a full (small sized) kitchen!   Second stay here. Quite nice and great pool area. Three different hot tubs!
3	So, the Grand Wyndham Resort is a very Bittersweet place. First, let's go over the Pros.+: Great Bang for your Buck. You get a very nice place for not a lot of money.+: Staff is extremely courteous, and make a point to help you whenever you need it.+: Shuttles to the Strip, if needed. (@ 15 Minutes)+: Pool area is awesome. I counted 3 pools and 2 hot tubs.+: Hotel Bar, with drink specials every day from 4-7pm. Look to spend, ballpark range, 7 to 10 bucks for a drink -- a little less then you'll find on the Strip.+: Refrigerator, Microwave, Oven, Toaster, Silverware, Drinks -- you get a full kitchen. Awesome stuff.And now, the Bad Stuff:-: Decor leaves something to be desired. This isn't an IKEA commercial with modern Black and White furnishings. Expect to see some circa 1970 furniture, with horrible, horrible paintjobs. I got a headache walking down the hallway looking at the wallpaper and flooring. Maybe it was because I was drunk, but I think it was the decor, haha.-: You're a good mile from the strip. I didn't mind the walk, but a 10 dollar taxi ride each way can get pricey if you're not in the mood to move your legs.-: (-1 Star) The Internet here was atrocious. Now, granted, I know you're here to gamble and see shows, but I have a fulltime tech job I need to be connected to the Net for, even on Time off. Look for Max Speeds in the Ballpark Range of ~70 KB/s, which is horrible for Hotel WiFi, as well as periodic drops of connection. There were periods of several hours where I had to drop / reconnect to the WiFi every 5-10 Minutes. -: (-1 Star) The plumbing here is horrible. I'm a big fan of the hot tub that was in my 2 bedroom suite. For some reason, after filling up the tub, turning on the jets and relaxing for 30 minutes, I would pull the plug. Guess what would happen? All the other drains in the room -- the bathroom drain, the shower drain, everything -- would spew forth this foul smelling black water that smelled like doodie. So, weigh the Pros and Cons of having an in-House hot tub -- sure, you get the relaxation part, but your room smells like a turd for 10 minutes afterwards. Gross, Wyndham. Seriously guys, gross.All in all, a semi-enjoyable experience. I would recommend this for what I would call "A Baller on a Budget" -- looking to visit, and wanting to cut some corners on where you're staying? Stay off the strip and get a full kitchen so you can cook some of your own meals.Wyndham, you are awesomely mediocre. I'll come back, but I'm staying away from your poopie hot tub.
3	Stayed for 4 days as a guest, service was nice the first day, but once you say no to the SALES of the timeshare offers, services went down hill. Night driver of the free shuttle to Harrah's was not nice it's unfortunate that the driver did not even bother to post his name behind the driver seat, day driver's post their names. Hard to get a taxi in tower 2. The place is kept clean, I would like to compliment Alec at the market store for being so nice and friendly.Thanks to Herman at the Bellman's office also, for a good service.
4	On our way back to Utah, my friend, having a timeshare at this hotel, decided to reserve it for us that night.It was a delight. The rooms were clean, open, nice, and comfortable.We had a fully equipped kitchen, a hot tub in the master bedroom, and internet access.I'm only giving it 4 instead of 5 because the TVs were a bit on the older side, especially for Vegas where everything is luxurious, and the parking situation. it was kind of messy finding a spot, close to our tower.Other than that, this hotel was a true delight. Plus, its so close to the strip, you can get there in a 5 minute walk. PERF.
3	The three C's:  Clean, Comfortable and Quiet!  Staying here on an invitation to view the property and it is a different world a few blocks from the strip. Our room is virtually a one bedroom apartment. In fact, the facility has more of a feel of an apartment complex than hotel.  Thus, it doesn't have the infrastructure of a hotel and obviously no casino.  However, this should appeal to anyone in Vegas on a long-term stay (i.e. trade show booth hosts).  Free WiFi and no resort fees.  The downside - the location of the property is east of the Strip and near the flight path of a runway at McCarran.  There are no views to speak of.   Our room is on a low floor and the view is the brick wall of another building on property.  The plus side - being on the back side of the strip allows for easy access by car to Strip hotels by avoiding Las Vegas Blvd.
2	We are Wyndham owners, staying here this week, actually Platinum owners and decided upon checking in to go ahead and do their 45 min update even though we are at top bracket (not counting Presidental Reserve) What an awful mistake that was!!!! Avoid an upper sales person named Moe! He is the rudest person and makes me ashamed to admit we are Wyndham owners. Do not do the sales pitch or update if already an owner. They put you down, never thanked us for all the money we have already spent to be owners and even had the nerves after bringing me to tears from Moe's insulting behavior to tell us we actually were not Platinum owners. And Andrew, you were not much better! Apoogizing with a but does no good! You both should be fired. And they were very rude expecting us to pay more money!! Wyndham we are ashamed to associate with you now! Great  beautiful resort, F sales dept! Would give lower score but resort itself makes it worth more.Turns our stomachs to ever think about going there again.
4	Great location, good service, warm heated pools, our suite was a 3 bedroom suite + pullout sofa in living room with full kitchen, washer/dryer, all the amenities of home.Everything was so clean in the suite. The beds were all comfortable and duvets were all fresh. The bathrooms were nice and big and all the TVs had cable, including HBO.The fridge had an ice maker, there was an activities room that rented out games (video and board), DVDs, and there's even a free shuttle to Harrahs. All in all- we really enjoyed our room and amenities. Staff was helpful and nice. We would definitely stay here again.
4	I'm an owner at this place, you can stay as a visitor too. I purchased a timeshare here about 7-8 years ago because I was tired of paying $150/night for a non-smoking hotel room that totally wreaked of smoke. It's a nice place... all non-smoking and you can tell most guests respect this when staying here. Rooms are nice with a small kitchen so you can save some money cooking a few meals yourself. They have a kids pool but also an adult pool (18+) and they enforce the age limit which I very much appreciate as I can't relax with kids screaming next to me. They also have a on-site lounge where you can get drinks too. An on-site cafe that makes a decent pizza, a gym, a small store for any items you forgot and a room with games for kids and/or adults. They have a shuttle that goes to Harrah's regularly throughout the day or you can just make a 10 minute walk over to Planet Hollywood. The MGM and Hard Rock aren't too far as well... about a 25 minute walk if you need to burn off some drinks from the previous night. As timeshares go, I'm very satisfyed with this place... although I over paid by purchasing directly from the resort. I actually purchased more time at this place on ebay and that was a smoking deal. It's a nice place.. staff is friendly...the constant sales staff is annoying but you take the good with the bad.
4	I have stayed here a couple of times and it is an AWESOME place to stay. The rooms are like apartment from 1-3 bedrooms, full kitchens stocked with cooking utensils, washers, dryers, dishwashers, regualr size fridge and  bigger rooms have jacuzzi tubs. The grounds are well manicured, tropical lush grounds and 3 pools to choose from. 1 for kids, 1 only for adults and i mixed and 3 jacuzzis, fitness room, lobby in each tower and staff is very attentive to the guests needs. I recommend it to anyone for long stays in Las Vegas and worth the price. I city block from Hard Rock Hotel and 2 city blocks from the strip.
4	I have stayed here 4-5 times for a week each and have loved it every time. The best timeshare in Vegas. Nice large rooms, good service, and great location.
1	Absolutely the worst place I have ever stayed! Dont leave anything in the rooms when you leave or it will be stolen by the maid service. When we reported our items being stolen they sent us to security in the basement. After waiting for the officers for 20 minutes we stepped up to the window to ask a question and they demanded that we step back against the wall! We were treated as criminals by the entire hotel staff. I have called once a week for 4 months about the situation and they refuse to reimburse anything. Everyone we have delt with has been extremely rude, short and has brushed us off ... They don't care about customer service! FUCK THE WYNDAHM DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!
1	Complete Scam! Booked a reservation 2 months in advance on Booking.com. Two options at the time of reservation. opt #1 Pay a non-refundable deposit if you cancel. opt #2 pay the full amount up front with a 72 hour cancellation policy for a full refund. Had to cancel the trip 5 days in advance. Wyndham kept my money. Will not issue a refund. I completely fulfilled the requirements of a timely cancellation. Every time I call, they make up new rules on why they will not refund my money. Latest is "they do not accept cancellations over the phone, they have to be in person" for reservations booked through 3rd parties such as Booking.com. This is ridiculous for a vacation resort. Let me just fly on over to come talk to you in person. Absolutely ridiculous. DO NOT BOOK WITH THIS PROPERTY OR DO BUSINESS with Wyndham. It's a complete scam!!!!! They stole $665.00!!!
4	Wyndham Grand Deset Resort. Where to start? Lets start with location.Contrary to what you might hear, you do need a car to go around to visit the hotels. True, there are miles of passageways and a monorail, however, it is advisable to have a car and a GPS. Wyndham Grand Desert is about a five minute drive to the main Strip. They are located on East Harmon Drive and the nearest casinos are the MGM Grand and Ballys. The one thing I appreciated about their location being away from the Strip is that there were no loud, drunken idiots clamoring out of stretch limos or staggering, puking and claiming their undying love to their fellow lushes on the sidewalk. One of Grand Wyndham Desert Resort's best qualities - great customer service. Check in was fast, their concierge and information was very helpful in letting us know the ins and outs of the area, plus getting some fantastic deals on shows. A smile greeted us wherever we went.I'm not going to go into too much detail about the pool, the parking, the bar or the gym, suffice to say they were all clean. The pool has two areas - one for kids and one for adults. Trust me, the adult pool was more sanitary. Gym was pretty basic - devoid of people (probably hittin the buffet) except for the hardcore athletes.Parking can be a bit of an issue. There are THREE buildings that are part of the hotel, and spots can get used up fast. So be prepared for a walk if you come staggering back after puking your guts out after a night on the town.The rooms are very spacious and clean. If you are lucky enough to book a suite, they have two bathrooms, a washer/dryer, mini kitchen (with fridge, dish washer, toaster and coffee machine) and a hot tub. A BIG HINT - buy your own bottled water BEFORE you check in. Bottled water is at a PREMIUM in Vegas, and you will be drinking a lot of it due to the climate.Security here is tighter than a pair of speedos. You need your door key to operate the elevators and there are employees wandering the building at all times of the day. Our room had a personal safe, which was an added plus.If they try to pull you into the 45 minute time sharing seminar, do it. They have some cool perks, like discounted shows or a free dinner for two at a food restaurant.We are part of a time share that includes Wyndham resorts, so our stay was literally free. I do know they have some great packages for vacation stays, so be sure to look into them.And the downside? This is more a hotel for families with and without kids, and people who want to relax. You aren't going to see Girls Gone Wild being filmed here or 'massage therapists' in 4" heels and a dress almost falling off walking through these halls. This is a chill, relaxing and stress free hotel. Plus, it is NON-SMOKING anywhere.I would highly recommend this hotel to stay if you are bringing the family.
5	Very nice Time Share Resort Hotel.  They are very friendly and nice. Beware the time share spiel to get your free meal voucher.  We ran for our life!  LOL  It is walking distance to the strip and that allows you to drink as much as you would like.  It was a great time.  They have 2 pools: One for kida and one for adults ONLY.  That was a nice touch.
4	Overall view:I came here during our last  Vegas vacation and I have to say that I approve of this place. Wyndham Grand Desert Resort offers very competitive rates and if you want to exercise you can walk to the MGM, but I suggest that you take the shuttle to Harrahs(it comes around pretty frequently) or a taxi. Parking:We drove and it was a quick 5 minute drive to MGM. If you do get a car... you may need help finding parking. We went EDC weekend and it took about 30 minutes to find a parking space. This is while other cars were parked illegally in fire lanes and other spots that were not meant for parking. Room: The rooms are pretty nice they come with a full kitchen with plates, cups, utensils, and cooking tools. They also have a washer dryer and a spacious living/eating area. Staff:The staff was very helpful when we arrive they helped us get our bags with their golf cart without us asking. (great service) and when I couldn't find Parking they said it was ok for me to park in the 15 min parking  till 11am (check in time)note: if you're checking in Check in to the tower closest to the MGM. we found parking in the back and had to go through the hotel to the other tower to check in.
4	I stay here every time I come to Vegas and I LOVE IT! The rooms are spacious and clean, beds are super comfortable, service is outstanding! They have a shuttle that goes to the strip every day til midnight (watch your time, midnight will come faster than you know it when you're having fun on the Strip!).  I would give it the full five stars if they had a shuttle to the airport.
4	Always loved this place...hope to see you soon
4	Nice huge rooms!  The AC wasn't working properly, too hot.  Maintenance came and fixed it right away.  24 hours Maintenance..nice!
5	This place is great! The location is right near the strip and close to the airport so getting around is easy! I stayed in a room on the 12th floor with some friends and it was fantastic! We had a kitchen with all the utensils and glasses ready for use, two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a living room and a nook. The staff is very attentive and checked in to make sure we were doing well and when we had a problem with the lights in the bathroom they sent someone up straight away who fixed it and then called to make sure it was fixed after the repair guy left. They have an adult pool a kids pool and even a 24hr pool with towels stocked by for guests to use. A shuttle runs from the resort to harrahs on the strip which is super convenient! Definitely want to stay here again!
4	Great and convenient timeshare.  Located just below the strip.  Great rooms and nice resort.  All the needed essentials pools, bbq grills, spa services, computer room and small bar. Also shuttle service to the Harrahs resort multiple times a day
3	Pros: clean, spacious, quiet, liked having a washer & dryer & full kitchen, free shuttle to Harrahs 10am-12am, a 2 bedroom can sleep up to 8 people (2 queen beds, one king, one couch pull out bed) Cons: only pizza is available for room service, you have to pay for housekeeping they only offer it on the 4th night of your stay(it was around $75 for them to clean our 2 bedroom suite), they try and get you to take a tour & offer you show tickets ect. The catch is they try and sell you a time share, location was so/so walking distance to the hard rock or $8-10 cab ride to the strip if u can't catch the shuttle, the toilet in the master bedroom wouldn't flush, the 2nd bathroom had a door that wouldn't close all the way
5	I love love love this resort it's convenient, the price is reasonable, it's clean, and the staff are fantastic. I will be returning. I have no complaints.
5	This was one impressive timeshare resort, without the hustle and bustle of a casino crowd.  Mostly because, there really is no casino here.  There's a small game room in the main tower, but that's about it and it closes.  I love the fact that this hotel is located between the MGM and Hard Rock Hotel.  There's a parking garage, and plenty of parking spaces around the hotel as well.  A few years ago, I stayed at a room in Tower 2.  This was a normal timeshare room with a kitchen, dining table, living room, master bedroom with a hot tub, and a washer and dryer.  This room appeared to be a bit dated, but during that time I recall they were remodeling some of the rooms as well as the pool area.  This past weekend, however, I stayed in the Presidential Suite in the newer of the buildings - Tower 3.  Man, what can I say?  Love love loved it!  Huge living room with a sofa bed, coffee table, and a nice LCD.  Fans up above the high ceiling.  Gas fireplace that kept us warm.  It had a big dining room table.  Plenty of cabinet space in the kitchen.  A dish washer, coffee maker, blender, knives in a block, coffee maker, stove, oven, washer/dryer, and a large refrigerator.  Plenty of counter space if you want to cook.  As far as the rooms, they were plenty spacious.  They come with a large safe in the closet.  A jet bubble sauna, as well as a stand up shower.  Two sinks in the master.  The beds were clean and comfortable.  The closet had hangers and plenty of space for luggage.  Each room has it's own bathroom and an outside sink for guests.  See my pics.  Believe it or not, a lot of my time was spent in the room enjoying the view.  The staff was excellent.  From the bell-hop to the front desk, everyone was helpful!  They've got free WiFi and shuttle service.  So worth it, I'll be back!
4	The last time we stayed here was much better than this time. The resort is still awesome but the particular room we were in this time was less than stellar.Here is what broke or went wrong:- Refrigerator not cold enough. Had to put stuff in freezer just to  keep refrigerator cool.- Had to hold down toilet lever to get it to flush. I know - anal but all the same, not what you expect of a resort.- Agitator in washing machine detached.- Lint trap in dryer fell out (broken).- We were in a ADA room which is fine but weird shower configuration for one who is not disabled - no door.- Drain in shower clogged. Wifey had to pause shower to get it to drain.We thought of contacting management to fix or switch us but decided to hang it out. So, still love this place but maybe they need to start upgrading/fixing some things.
5	Stayed here for our annual girls trip in October. We are not owners....found an owner on Craiglist, did some checking up on him (by calling Wyndham) and we got a great deal for 5 days. Even though we vowed not to attend the presentation, we agreed to it as we received a seafood buffet and tickets to the Motown show (which was awesome!). The room was great...like really great. Not one complaint. The resort is only a 10 minute walk from the strip but they do have a shuttle that takes you to Harrah's. As we did not use the pool we did tour the grounds and was very nice. Would definitely stay here again while visiting Las Vegas.
5	I was not sure what to expect since I usually stay at one of the casinos on the strip when I visit Las Vegas, however I was pleasantly surprised. Upon arrival you have to check in like any normal hotel and since the regular front desk personnel were busy helping other guests the VIP clerk offered to help me, which was nice. I mentioned that I was excited about the 24/hour pool and Jacuzzi so he took the initiative to move my party to the tower that housed the pool that was 24 hours! He also informed me that the resort offered a free shuttle to and from the strip until 11:00 PM which was awesome! It drops you off at Harrah's. We only used it once as it's only a few blocks from the strip and we liked walking during the day.      When I walked into our two bedroom suite I was stunned! It was so clean and beautiful. The second bedroom has two double beds and the living room has a fold out double bed couch. There is a dining area with 6 seats and a full kitchen and bar. There was plenty of seating for my 7 party group to sit around and talk. The second bathroom was a good size and very nice.    The master bedroom has a California King bed, which was amazingly comfortable! The master bathroom contains a Jacuzzi tub, beautifully tiled shower, separate toilet area and a washer and dryer. Our group got a good deal and each person only paid $48 for two nights for something much better than a normal hotel room.      I will definitely be staying here again and would recommend this to anyone!
5	Great amenities with at least 4 pools, a workout room, good location, comfortable room & the nicest staff. Everyone is very friendly and helpful. Condo had 2 bedrooms with a full kitchen.  The little store on site was handy in a pinch but the near by Walgreens and CVSs had better prices.  It's 3 blocks to the strip and the free shuttle to Harrahs was nice as well.  Limo service for platinum level Wyndam members was a really nice feature as well! They will pick you up at the airport ($15 charge for none members; pretty reasonable).It doesn't offer the casino and swanky clubs of other hotels, but it gets the job done in with a quiet, large room, spa tub, and very comfy beds.
4	This place is GREAT! Awesome time-share. The rooms are clean, nicely decorated, and fully furnished with bowls, plates, cups, and coffee! Couches are usually a pull-out. Free shuttle to Harrah's. There are two towers, and tower 2 is the main one. Tower 1 is diagonal from tower 2, and you need to go through the pool area to get there, or walk around. Be wary. Oasis bar happy hour is $1 off well drinks. No beers on tap though. May have to go somewhere else. Left my cell phone there and they promptly took it to security for safe keeping. Room service is free if you order over a certain amount. They also provide numbers to local pizza deliveries. Only negative was that the front desk was very rude when we asked for a late check-out.
1	Overcharged and when spoke with manager was told sorry but no refund for overcharge the manager continues to. Argue with us
4	My friend was the one who booked this place so I am not sure of the exact cost. It was during the Consumer Electronics Show 2014 convention week was when we stayed here. My friend found a good deal through a craiglist ad apparently. I looked at this hotel on the map and found that the location was slightly off the strip which I usually do not enjoy but it was good deal nonetheless. Hotels during that week was really expensive and probably wasn't as big as this hotel. The Wyndham was a time-share like condo with 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms when I did my research ahead of time. When we drove up here, it was quite big on the outside and was right behind the MGM signature hotel to get you an exact location. Parking was a bit confusing at first when we tried to find where our room was in the two towers but eventually we found the right one. We immediately went to our hotel room to drop off our luggage. I stepped in and was amazed at how much you get in this condo in terms of the amenities. My friend did a really great job in booking this place. This is like a villa in a sense with the main area, which is the dining area, kitchen, and the sofa that turns into the bed, and the two rooms on both sides had their own private doors as well. On the one room, there was a small kitchenette with its bathroom, sofabed, and enclosed bedroom. The other room was a room with a bathroom and a jacuzzi. I was amazed that you get a lot for this much money in Las Vegas. The views were really nice as it overlooked the strip. At night, when the lights are on, it looks spectacular. The rooms aren't run down either and it was quite a modern and very family friendly like with a tv in each room with a total of 4 of them. You also get cable tv included as well so you aren't limited on that sense. The kitchen and kitchenettes are very generous with refrigerators, stoves, ovens, and plenty of dishes, and utencils as well. Of course, the other necessities you would buy at a supermarket nearby in order to cook. Overall, my stay here at Wyndham was one of the best in Las Vegas. Having all of those amentities and also I forgot to mention a gym and pool to use is quite generous. Most of the hotels on the strip don't have all of that for a good price. It isn't a casino either so it is quite quiet at this hotel as well. The only thing and reason I would mark one star was the location. It was quite far to walk to the strip and especially at night isn't ideal for our group. Besides the location and distance, I would recommend this hotel for those who have big families or have a big group and want those amenities. It may not be spectacular or have the casino and clubs but it does the basics right which is to be a great place to stay inside and sleep well.
4	Great place to spend a few nights in Las Vegas.  The location just of the strip is great, as are all the people who work here.  Although it is a few blocks off the West end of the Strip, they do have a shuttle to Harrahs (so you don't have to hoof it the whole way to the heart of the Strip).The little store had the basics--oj and champagne to use in the full kitchen, as well as other things that you might have forgotten or ran out of in your stay.  Although we used the space mostly like a cocktail bar area, it had all the dishes and equipment to make full meals. The jacuzzi tub in the Master Bedroom was super nice, as were all the accommodations. Very relaxing the heart of a riotous city, especially the comfortable beds and the the view from our room (the Strip and the Mountains). The wine tastings in the early evening did not hurt either.Due to cool weather, we were not able to use the pools or firepit, but we were able to take advantage of the property's green space (very nice conversation pits with outdoor furniture...in perfectly shaded courtyards.
4	This resort was by far one of the best resorts I have stayed at. We loved the free shuttle to the strip that ran until 12:30 am! This was a great money saver. The staff was wonderful and always eager to help, (minus one bell hop who may have been having a bad day) they brought our bags up to our room when it was ready with no problem. Our room was not ready when we arrived (our fault) so they held our bags while we went to main strip Vegas. The pool was beautiful plus they have an adult pool and a family friendly pool.
2	Front desk staff needs serious work. This hotel/ time share did not meet my expectations at all with customer service. My husband and I walked into an empty lobby where 2 front desk agents were having personal conversations and did not acknowledge us at all. Even when I walked right up between the two of them waiting for either one to say they could help me. NOPE, nothing. they broke from conversation and just stared at me with blank faces. So i walked to the lady on the right and when i was in front of her she mumbled "O, im helping another guest" and pointed in the distance. Ok so I looked at the other lady who was sill staring in to space for a few more seconds before snapping out and said "o, i can take you". O geez thanks. After letting us know that there were no rooms available she said they would call me as soon as a room opens up, and then directed us to the bell desk across the lobby. Ok. no problem. There is no one at the bell desk, but there are 10-13 sales reps standing at the large counter next to the bell desk. after 3 min of making eye contact with 3 reps and none offered to help or call a bell man for assistance i walked behind the bell desk in the back office and asked for help. A nice young lady called for a bellman. So its 4:30pm and still no call from the front desk, so we go back to the front desk to see if a room is ready. It is. So while we are in the lobby we had out luggage tix to the bellman and tell him the room we are in. After bringing us someone else's luggage my husband goes with the bellman to find the right bags. Really?! this was our honeymoon. If it was only the lost bags for over an hour i guess i would not be as upset. BUT the check in process sets the tone. Rude front desk agents, unhelpful staff (sales reps) who by the way ware Wyndham name tags therefor represent the property and should help a guests when they see then in need. The only reason i gave them 2 stars is because the staff the next day were much friendlier.
5	Love this place. Staff is always pretty awesome when I'm there. Its a $10 cab drive to the strip (planet Hollywood) or a quick walk. Some rooms have an amazing view of the strip if you're lucky. The convince store and little food place in the back tower (tower II) is pretty good. Love the pools bit does get crowded in the summer. Game room and business center with computers in tower I is great.
5	Really loved this place! Have stayed here numerous times before and I love all their pool selections and how they are conveniently located just off the strip.  The room we had this time had an amazing view of the strip and kept us far enough away to relax and close enough to jump into the action at any point in the day or night.  They give you awesome local coupons and are there any time of the day or night to help you with any of your needs.  I enjoy staying at this Wyndham location and would suggest it for anyone else looking to relax while in Las Vegas.
4	4.25This is a wonderful place to stay that allows more space for less money than staying on the strip.  The hubby and I stayed in a 2 bedroom suite over Memorial day weekend.  Our service was excellent.  People were very friendly.  The activity center was a humongous plus in keeping my 1 year old entertained.  All in all an excellent choice.  The only downfall is that no one cleans while you are there.  We cooked breakfast everyday in the kitchen.  Used the fridge, dishwasher, washer and dryer daily.  I LOVED having the washer and dryer!It is a relatively short walk to the Planet Hollywood Casino right on the Strip.  We had a car, so we drove to the Casinos that were farther away.  I would stay here again.
1	Stayed in a 2 bedroom suite for a weekend with a group of my close friends. Based off the room alone, I would give it 3 stars. While  the size of the room was perfect for our large group of 15, some of the amenities were janky--i.e. fridge/freezer never really got cold, bathroom light was super dim (it would take minutes for it to reach normal brightness. Weird), bathroom door would only lock when the door was open (but wouldn't lock when the door was closed... What). However, I am giving only 1 star because we had about 5 girls in our group that had MONEY STOLEN from their wallets which they left in the room when going out. I had 50 bucks stolen, a couple ppl had 40 bucks missing, and another person was missing 20 bucks. It definitely wasn't anyone in our group because these were my close friends. We reported it to the staff who came up to check our "key log" to see if any maintenance ppl entered the room while we were gone (apparently they have their own maintenance key). To our "surprise," they claimed no one entered the room.. It wasn't a lot of money, but the fact that it happened was annoying. Just be careful if you stay here. Hide your personal belongings when you leave the room or lock them up in a safe (if there is one) or just take all of your money with you.
1	I would not come back here simply because I don't feel safe in this hotel. It's a nice, relatively cheap place to stay while in Vegas. Not too far from the strip. There were some problems like bathroom locks not working properly, lights are weird, fridge wasn't working so staff had to bring up ice, etc.. But I still won't come back.Night one: A couple of girls get money stolen out of their wallets after leaving to go out for the night. We thought this might have been a mishap or miscounting of money or whatever, but it was $40 per girl and that is a lot of money when each girl only brings about $100 cash total. Night two: We all leave at 9:30PM for the night and come back around 2:30AM. This time around we were going to head out again for the night to go to get food and some girls that left their wallets out got  $40 stolen out of them. This time it was obvious because it happened the night before, it was the same amount, and the girls needed money to go out and eat... plus wallets and items were not placed in the same place or zipped up correctly. I decided to stay back with two girl friends while the rest of the group went to go out and eat. My friends fell asleep, but I was awake eating my leftovers and just hanging out on the inside one of the bedrooms when I hear a knock on the door. The first time, I ignored it (I WAS NOT getting up unless someone called me on my cell phone). Later on in the night, I heard a knock again so I go up to see if anyone was there. There wasn't.. and it kind of freaked me out. (Benefit of the doubt, it could have been another room being knocked on and I was paranoid). To be honest though, the next day I realized that anyone could have gone into the room without me or my friends noticing because the doors are SO EXTREMELY QUIET (this would be a plus if people didn't steal stuff from our rooms) or it sounds like it's coming from the rest of the hotel. Someone could have definitely come in, saw my friends sleeping through the bedroom door and left all without me knowing. Informed the staff the next day & they checked "maintenance records" to see if any of the workers came into the room... of course there's are no records. Also told us to fill out a survey and they would get back to the group... & they still haven't responded. It's not a lot of money, but the hotel should still follow up OR at least make sure their employees are not doing this.For people staying: lock up your belongings in the safe or somewhere hidden in your luggage. Don't let shady stuff happen! I'm just thankful that my whole group is safe and this was the only mishappening of the weekend.
5	This place is great for groups! The two bedroom suit was very comfortable and spacious. It's very quiet in thisHotel and the pools are beautiful.
2	This place is generally a good place to stay, the rooms are comfortable and it's close to the strip. It's very family friendly and have activities all day everyday for people of all ages. That being said I do have a long list if complaints.The staff here is overly rude and unprofessional. I'm not talking about pushy sales men I'm talking about front desk and activity center staff. I was painting ceramics with my daughter and the girl running the activity had rap music playing in the craft room. Now I'm not saying rap music is bad but I would prefer my 4 year didn't have to listen to lil Wayne...The resort has an on site "Starbucks" but you better get there early because it's only open for about 4 hours a day and they only serve hot coffee, I'm sorry but I don't want hot coffee during my July vacation when it's 105 outside. There's a bellhop desk outside, but there's never anyone at it. You have to drive up to the front, get out of your car and hunt someone down before you can get help with your bags. Parking in the parking garages is tight, and no one regulates it. People don't park in between the lines and nothing is done about it.They have a new "movie theater" by the activity center but the projection screen is smaller than the TVs in my house. They have the dates and times for movies set up a month in advance and they say if you are late they won't let you in, that's not true so don't both showing up on time. If you do you will just be interrupted by the late people that they let in. Our dishwasher was useless and the bottom of our fridge filled up with water/ice every few days. The rooms that face the pool are nice and you don't get any noise from the pool but if you have a room facing Harmon Ave you will constantly hear road noise, the view of the strip and the new high roller almost make it worth it. Don't even get my started on the WiFi. It's horrible. It goes out for hours and the hotel can't help you with it because it's through AT&T.
5	For staying here on my first ever visit in Vegas, I'm very satisfied with my stay here at the Wyndham Grand Desert.2 friends and I rented out a suite on the 12th floor which has been an absolute blast and so much fun. Total and complete privacy, we each got our own beds, the master bedroom is jaw dropping! The room service comes every few days, we didn't get any until today(our last day) which kind of sucked considering I like to use fresh towels after I shower, I mean who knows who used which towel. The vending machine doesn't appear to work and the lady at the front desk was pretty rude about giving me a refund. Other than that, my stay here has been memorable and I am definitely coming back to this hotel next visit.
1	DO NOT BUY TIMESHARE FROM WYNDHAM!DO NOT STAY AT THIS PROPERTY!I would like to preface this with that I am an attorney and also run a Valet parking company. My income relies on the customer service that I give. The amount of lies and stories that go into a Wyndham timeshare scam are astounding. I went on a vacation to Las Vegas with my parents and two sisters. We went into the Luxor hotel where we were approached by some Wyndham timeshare representatives. They offered my parents a significantly discounted rate for show tickets in exchange for attending a timeshare presentation at particular Wyndham property. My parents didn't see the harm in this especially when we were saving about $500. My parents paid $185 up front for the show tickets in cash. We were 5 people and were told only 4 people could eat lunch at the presentation. I decided to opt out of lunch and let my family enjoy it since I brought my protein shakes to drink for lunch anyways. My parents were going to attend the presentation and I was going to head to the hotel and wait for my sisters to finish eating breakfast so we could go shopping. We were given the address to the Wyndham hotel. We were also told a shuttle could bring us to the property that leaves at 2:30pm. The following day we went to the lobby at 2:30pm. to find out that the shuttle had just left. We had the address anyways so we decided to drive to the Wyndham itself. It was only a little over a mile down the road. We arrived at the property at 2:40pm. My parents walked in first to ask where to go. A Wyndham employee guided my parents through a building and past two pools to a building at the very back of the property. They were brought upstairs where the other timeshare guests were walking in. A woman directed them to go downstairs to check-in because they just went directly to the eating area. My parents asked the woman if someone could show them where to go and she designated an employee named Crystal to bring them to check-in. When they arrived downstairs, Crystal and another employee denied my parents the right to check-in because they were late. They were not late because the presentation hadn't started yet and people were just starting to eat. I'm not sure why they denied them to check-in but it was not because they were late although that was the reason they used. My father pleaded with them because we had cancelled lunch plans and reserved time in the day for this. They eventually were told to sit tight and wait to see if a timeshare representative would be free to show them around. They patiently waited.A lot of time went by and no one had come to show them around. My parents spoke to the manager, Jaime, who also provided no help or guidance on how to resolve the situation. He was just as incompetent and unhelpful as his employees. After waiting over 2 hours and filling out a complaint, my father and I both spoke to another manager on the phone. This woman was read the complaint by her employee but still never provided a resolution or tried to remedy the situation. We were given some worthless vouchers in the end after almost 2.5 hours of waiting. People were rude, unhelpful and misleading. My parents were lied to and kept on property because they were told they would be given a tour. I would never stay here because this hotel has NO CUSTOMER SERVICE. The management at Wyndham was not helpful, especially Jaime since he had the ability to remedy the situation. I do not recommend anyone staying at this Wyndham property. I value great customer service and this hotel had ZERO. I can't say anything about the facility itself. However, if you value the good attitudes, smiles and customer service that you receive when staying at hotels while on vacation, THEN DO NOT STAY HERE. The Wyndham employees, especially management, are the worst I have experienced and I have worked in the hospitality industry for about 10 years now. These were Wyndham hotel employees that we interacted with. I have stayed at hotels all over the world and the customer service here was despicable. I urge you to stay somewhere else when going to Vegas. The hotels on the strip may cost a little more but it makes your Vegas experience that much more fun. It is definitely not as fun or convenient if you aren't on the strip. However, if you must budget, stay elsewhere. DO NOT STAY HERE!
4	Wyndham is AMAZING and comfy! The gym in Tower One needs to be bigger. Other than that, EVERYTHING was great.
4	place is beautifully well taken care of and although its not close to the strip, still worth trying and staying. clean and well consolidated so u can fit many people together in one room. very awesome. only complaint is that checking in takes a bit longer than anticipated.
4	My friend has a time share in Vegas & this year we stayed a week in this outfit.  Our room was in Tower 3 which has the only 24 hour pool & spa, albeit a relatively small pool & just 1 spa.  The room was spacious with nice appointments.  But honestly, what matters most to me is how comfortable the bed & pillows are, the other elements are nice, but of secondary importance.  After all, I did not come to Vegas to enjoy the hotel room's amenities.  Luckily for me, the bed/pillows were comfortable & I slept well.  The kitchen was better equipped than I expected; however, I only used the blender to make my protein shakes.  Why cook on a bloody Vegas vacation?The staff were friendly & helpful.  This timeshare seems well cared for with due attention to details.  Nothing seems out of place.  The gym in all 3 towers exceeded my expectations so I was able to enjoy my daily workout.  Kudos, Wyndham!
1	i can't even begin to talk about how bad my experience was here!! from the rude, pretentious gay man in the marketing department that threw my parking permit at me and told me to go fuck myself! than called security on me!! i than filled out a 6 page complaint form with the general manager about the incident i had. 4 months later all i got was a phone call from them trying to sell me more weeks at this location.
2	This place used to be a 5 star for me before but on my last stay (sept 12-14) my view of this resort went down to a 2 star!!! I went with my family we stayed in a 2 bedroom suite on tower 1, the first night we all went out but my mom decided to stay behind with the kids she said that while we were out someone knocked on the door, she ignored it thinking it was another room and then a guy opened the door, he looked surprised to see her and apologized and closed the door, how the hell did he have a key to our room and who the hell was this guy???? That did not settle well with me at all! Then the next night we had the door partially open and my dad and father in-law were sitting at the table which is located right next to the door, I was sitting on the couch when all of a sudden these prostitutes open the door and ask my dad and father in law if the wanted to party, I couldn't believe this! My dad said excuse me miss but we're here with family and this is inappropriate and the just said omg I'm sorry and left.  I don't know how they got upstairs when you need keys to work the elevators! On our final day there we were invited to do an owners update, we went in only to get a pushy sales men trying to sell us more points we kept saying no but he kept pushing more and more eventually we left telling him we would think about it that's pretty much the only way we got out of it. So much for an update, they never even asked us for our updated info! We left this place in a hurry trying to get out as fast as possible but of course with the luck we were having we forgot a couple jerseys and a jacket I called right away but were told we needed to fill out a report online and of course maintenance has not found anything, with all of the shady things going on in this resort why would they return something worth $250-300?  I'm extremely disappointed with this place!!! This used to be the place I would come to at least once or twice a year but now I don't feel safe at all with random guys having keys to your room trying to steal your money, prostitutes coming up to your door and pushy sales men with bs and lies, why would I ever come back? Definitely would not recommend staying here! The only reason I gave a 2 star instead of a 1 star is because the hotel is nice, cleaned and comfy but apparently that's the only thing it has going for itself now! ***theft and prostitution are alive and thriving at this resort!!!
3	My experience could have easily been 5 stars without one mishap. Check in:Checking in was a breeze and it could not have been better for us. Having read many reviews I knew to check in for my family because I am under 25 and can't get the whole timeshare speech. It literally took under a minute to get parking passes and shown to our room. It was obvious their time could be spent on a potential buyer and not on me. I didn't mind being hurried at all, haha.Resort:We had two one bedrooms that were attached in a lock off. I can't say how amazing the amount of common space was for our group of 6. I wish we had three separate beds, but the pull out sleepers were plenty. Tip: make sure to turn on your ice maker in the freezer right away... I couldn't find a machine in the resort. We wanted to use the 24 hour pool, but the lights weren't working. The resort was somewhat accommodating by letting us use any of the hot tubs that they had their.Distance:My dad doesn't drink so driving was easy, but we also had no problem walking back and forth from MGM, which is where we spent most of our time for an event. Walking there it's best to come in off of Koval through the parking lot at the MGM. However, walking back I recommend taking the walkway through the MGM Signature and coming out on Harmon. It will put you more than halfway back to Wyndham.Issues:The pool was being serviced, again they were accommodating. They didn't have Fox Sports 1 amongst the hundred channels they had (It's October, I'm trying to watch the Dodger game). The main problem was somewhat terrifying. I've read reviews with people suspicious of employees coming in and taking money, which I am starting to believe. At 4:15 AM, our door was unlocked with a proper key and opened. My girlfriend and I were sleeping on the couch sleeper and had the latch locked so the door was only opened a couple of inches. It immediately woke us and I was terrified. I think it is safe to say that housekeeping was not coming by at 4:15 AM. I don't know what would have happened if the latch was not there, but I'm glad it was. After reporting it to the front desk it did not sound like they had plans to do much. I don't know how safe I feel here and it almost makes me want to give this place 1 star. However, our trip was still great and we are safe, with nothing missing. Be skeptical about things like this, but otherwise it was fantastic.
2	Where do I begin?  I'll start off with the GOOD; clean, large room and nice pool area.  The BAD; rude employees.  The UGLY; sitting through a 2 hour timeshare seminar which felt like a cheesy used car sales approach, "Well, he never done this before, but seeing as it's special circumstances and all, he says I can knock a hundred dollars off that Trucoat" (Fargo)....that was the most painful experience ever!
1	I've booked my room here for years and have always loved it. Unfortunately on our last visit money was stolen from the room and we experienced horrible to nearly non existent costumer service after reporting the issue.  We were very disappointed and will no longer use this specific location.
2	The good first: this property is quiet which is a good thing ( I'm an 8hrs a night sleep kinda girl and even though those 8 hours sometimes happened until late in the morning I had no real outside noise interference)  Shuttle to Strip is a great thing.  Although isn't far to walk to the strip it is nice to have option of a ride to & from!  The Bad: room was ready as soon as we got there BUT when we opened our door to unit it reeked like cigarettes.  Called front desk, was transferred no less than 5 times trying to get resolved finally went down and had manager from our tower call over to front desk and get handled.  In total it took 60 minutes from the time we got our first room key until we got new room assignment.
4	Biggest downside is the 10am checkout with a $35 fee for one extra hour and $100 per hour after 11am!!! Aside from that this hotel/condo style property is great . Off the strip and quiet with no casino . 24/7 jacuzzi and pool in tower 3.  Easy parking not like the strip hotels . We don't have a timeshare and got this by booking a Priceline vacation package .  Rooms are clean and spacious , we got upgraded to a 2bedroom suite with 3 beds in it, but had no use for it as we were just 2 people. Great for large groups to cram into one unitUpdate -Don't give them your real phone number when you check in- they will call you after your stay to sell you a timeshare !!
3	Out of all the resorts in Vegas resorts...this one isn't nearly tje best. When you take a tour here tjey show you the BEST they have with superior service!  When you actually book or purchase....they give you 1 step above staying in a normal old Wyndham hotel. And when you ask what happened to the nice suite you were shown to entice you to purchase, they act like theu dont know what you are talking about.DO NOT PURCHASE a TIMESHARE here you will be DISAPPOINTED. Its almost lile false advertisement!The configuration of the bathroom is weird too. Why do you have to walk thru the kitchen to get to the bathroom to shower or even wash your hands. Why are my guests walking thru the kitchen in a towel while im trying to cook breakfast????I will say, however it was clean and the 3bedroom suite is huge!
5	Hubby and I invited to stay here with friends in a 2 bedroom suite on 14th floor. The rooms are very spacious and comfortable all around. Includes a master bedroom with jacuzzi tub and bath, living room, fully equipped kitchen, washer & dryer & second bedroom with two double beds. The beds here are very comfortable. Location is good for those who like peace and quiet. Half a mile away from the strip, just a few blocks from Planet Hollywood. We've walked it a few times which is not too bad but they also provide a shuttle bus service right to the heart of the strip at the Harrah's. There are two great looking pools to enjoy but I can't review here as the weather was too cold for me to get in there. I did see several people enjoying it as the water is heated to over 80 degrees. There are also several conversation areas, firepits, hot tubs and cabanas in the outdoor common area.  As several people have mentioned, thus IS a timeshare location so there is no maid service daily which to me is perfectly fine as I prefer not having anyone in the room during my stay. The staff has been very friendly and extremely helpful to us. Wwe did sit through a timeshare presentation in order to et some free goodies. It was worth a few hours of our time. In return we got two tickets for a great show, two passes for Maddame Teusau Wax Museum, two gondola rides at the Venetian, and an awesome dinner for two at Tortefinos Restaurant also at the Venetian. All in all, its been a wonderful experience and we will definitely be back.
1	We stayed here for the first time this last week. While the facility is beautiful, the customer service is horrid. A request for towels took over an hour to receive, the front desk staff don't know much about where things are when asked, when i asked for more coffee for the coffee pot i was told i had to come down and get it, and I left something behind in my room and can't get anyone there to help me get it back. The security confirmed they have my belongings but the lost and found person that I need to talk to is elusive.The resort has shuttles to the strip, a shopping center, grocery shopping, and fremont street. Only the strip and shopping center shuttles are complimentary. Fremont Street is $15 dollars per person, it's only a few days a week, and the shuttle goes there at 5 and returns at 9 pm. The night is just getting started at 9 p.m.! Even grocery shopping is $5 each. I would not return to this resort. When I vacation I want to be somewhere with good customer service, and the Wyndham definitely isn't it.10 a.m. checkout time not so great after a night out in L.V either!
5	I've stayed at this location for the last five +years..I've had the pleasure to staying in a few different suites. (From 1 bedroom deluxe-4 bedroom presidential suite) my favorite tower is 3 . I request this tower every time I stay . The resort is always clean/air is fresh.  Staff's always been amazing. When I've checked in, if the room's are available the staffs allows me to check in early... I've never had any issues with staff being rude or unpleasant. This is my favorite place to stay while in LV. I LOVE how spacious the room's are & I love the full kitchen.  Rooms are great for a groups. Everyone gets to hang out together. I always recommend this resort to all my friends!
5	Stayed here in a one bedroom this past October for a weekend trip in Vegas. Rooms were very spacious and clean and service was great. They include a full kitchen so it's a great place to stay to save some money and cook and drink in your room. The two bedrooms are even nicer and have a nice dining area. Also offer a shuttle to limited destinations.They do try to hard-sell you on some of their offers, but you can just ignore them and tell you're not interested.
1	The rooms are nice but the customer service is horrible. We were supposed to get a 2 bedroom but they only gave us a one bedroom and there wasn't anything we could do about it. When we got to the room it was a mess! We were tired and just wanted to sleep and then we have to deal with getting another room which was much farther from our friends room. I wish they had better customer service and management. Definitely would've got a 4 or 5 star if they did
