4	The Tequila Bar boasts 50 kinds of Tequila.In addition, they have an extensive selection of Mexican beer.The bar is located at the rear of the casino, on the way to the sports book.I tried the Blackberry margarita ( among several ) and it was supurb.The bartender is "old school vegas" having tended bar in the city since 1959. He has seen the change in the city and it was  terrific to visit with him.The service is great.They have a happy hour from 4 PM - 7 PM with the house margarita for $4.50. The house margarita is made with Hadura Silver, so it is not your every day house drink.The chili dusted shrimp looked excellent at several of the nearby tables, but I did not try it myself.A very enjoyable bar on the strip......
4	such a RANDOM gem to find on the strip! pros:- $1 margaritas! come on... whats not to like about that? for the price of ONE drink at any other vegas you can get completely drunk at the tequila bar and grill! the margarita was great! they dont skimp on the booze, and seriously, 4 or 5 of these little babies and youll get an awesome buzz going- $1 tacos! - nachos!!! for $14 you get enough nachos to feed 4 drunk girls and get them FULL. we asked for it to go and the server said, well, its kind of big, it fills lot of to go boxes. we were like, whatevs, give us nachos! ... the plate - or, i should say PLATTER of nachos and filled 3 large to go boxes to the brim!!! - $2 tequila shots! ... tequila and i are enemies, but $2 for a shot? really? where else can you get $2 shots of anything on the strip???cons:- poor service: we went around 9pm and it was PACKED. took us forever to order, and even longer to get our food- self seating... for some reason i dont understand the logic of restaurants who use this method. its chaotic! since parties are self seating and theyre not spread out evenly amongst the wait staff, often times the wait staff fall behind and are ALWAYS busy. took me forever just to flag our server time every time we needed something. if i flagged someone down who wasnt our server, theyd say, sorry, ask your server. they didnt seem to care cause they werent working for your tip.
4	If you are staying @ Bally's or someplace very close by YOU NEED TO STOP BY FOR HAPPY HOUR which is pretty much the entire time they are open. After unpacking, aka tossing my shit on the floor, me and several of my friends went down there for a quick happy hour before our dinner reservations. The service here is a bit slow, and seating is a serious problem. You must seat yourself, and majority of the time, this the tequila bar&grill is extremely crowded. BUT! This is a must go place for the following reasons:(1) $1 Tacos, that are really tasty! You can get beef or chicken, and either ways, you'll enjoy that party in you mouth!(2) $1 Margaritas! They come in 8oz portions which may sounds really small, but they actually decent. Not enough to get you tipsy decent, but definitely cheap! (3) $2 Tequila Shots - Need I say more?This is no where you want to take a date, or have a nice dinner. Come here for happy hour and to get the night started!
3	On the late night creepOn the late night creepin creepin creepinWill you be my lady lady lady?I don't wanna be a player no more!- Joe, "I Don't Want to be a Player"Late nights when the other food spots are closed or crowded Tequila Bar has the answers to all your problems:Tequila Bar has late night $1 tacosTequila Bar has late night $1 margaritasWhat more can you ask for....better service?  Maybe they can increase their urgency to serve, and I will increase the stars, but other than that this Las Vegas strip taco spot is cool for late night eats.
2	Poor service but good dollar margaritas which you can upgrade o a double shot for 2$ more. We had tacos and cheese quesadilla at lunch time/ mid afternoon. Service was slow and food was mediocre. Three margaritas four tacos and quesadilla was 18$
4	"Yay! I'm a fan." Yelp helped me decide that 4 stars is the best rating. I considered 5, but a friend who dined here with me 3 times says, she wouldn't. Or, in yelp terms, it's not "as good as it gets." For us twentysomethings trying to save money during our trip to Vegas (Clearly. We were staying in Bally's after all. No offense to anyone who loves the place, but there are more luxurious options on the Strip), we became fans of Tequilla Bar and Grill. Really, anyone who wants more gambling money can save on the food expense by going here. The dollar tacos lured us in. Four was a good amount. The waitress told us she preferred the beef over chicken - you get a choice - because of better seasoning. I tried both and agree. Tacos are topped with lettuce and cheese, with sour cream and guac. Not bad for $1. Small margaritas are also $1. What brought us back in the second  time was the menu item that I called giant nachos. See picture to understand. I thoroughly enjoyed it. The third time, we indulged in the fishbowl drink. Not pictured, but you can imagine. Comes with straws for as many amigos as you brought, says the menu.  Overall Tequilla Bar and Grill doesn't seem completely organized in how it operates (seat yourself, slow service), but the waitstaff was charming enough. The menu options show a fascination with ample size and value for food and drinks, which I think is good for the Strip.
4	$1 Tacos and Margaritas at midnight were the perfect start to our vacation.  Friendly staff, and close proximity to the Gaga/Prince and the Revolution/Lionel Richie cover band that night.  What more could you ask for??
4	Mmmm...  $1 tacoooos...Say you're playing poker at Bally's.  Aaand you get a little hungry at, like, I dunnooo, 4am.  You've had your fill of the $4.99 steak and eggs from the neighboring Bill's Casino Victorian Room.  You don't feel like driving, or even walking very far.  Cruise on over to the Tequila Bar.  $1 tacos (beef or chicken, hard or soft shelled) come to the rescue.  They're pretty dang good, and come with a side of salsa and sour cream.The $1 margaritas ($2 for strawberry) are available, but I say pass.  As a player I can tip a buck for any drink I want.  The margarita from the machine wouldn't be my first choice out on the floor, and it wouldn't be here either.But here's the real deal with the Tequila Bar: they accept your Bally's players card comps.  Bally's comps you $1 for every hour of poker you play, for example.  That's like earning a taco an hour for playing.  Not too shabby.So, in conclusion, enjoy the tacos.  They're not even $1.  They're free.
1	They've changed the menu to Southwestern and have discontinued the tequila specials. Skip it!Tasty Gringo style tacos, and amazing drink specials. This is probably that late night place you're looking for if you grew up in LA or San Diego. They make real guac, serve up hefty margaritas, and it's all at only-in-vegas prices. If you're losing and want to party, definitely come here. This is also a great post-club move if you want some grub. The food is freshly prepared and while nothing amazing, stands up as a decent taco joint. They're pretty damn good here and I've grown up with great tacos in Mexico and Tijuana. Recommended highly for value. A great place to meet up with friends. Hardly an decor or "vibe", the drinks and food do the talking. Bar/Pour service is outstanding.At Bally's at the far end of the casino. Just head for the goal line.Tip: on weekends you can get a 5 shot Cuervo (yes) margarita with a pretty cool souvenir glass...for $15.  Yes, five shots. Careful with that, Amigo!
4	Great little place for a quick lunch at a great price! I had their fish tacos- they were fabulous - I wish I had choosen all 3 to be corn but just a preferrance - the flour tortillas were great.
5	Friendly staff great margaritas not the cheap ones and the the $1 chicken taco is great for a cheap meal. I enjoyed the Platinum Margarita not bad for a top shelf.
4	Me and my friends usually go late so the band plays right next to the restaurant, so it's pretty loud. That is my only complaint.The food is cheap but really good! The dining area is small but soo comfortable. I like it because the servers can always see you and all the tables are in one room. I have been to this restaurant several times and will continue to return :)
3	I find myself in Vegas at least a handful of times a year, and as someone who likes to gamble (read: hemorrhage money) I certainly find myself looking to keep my overhead low when it comes to dining and entertainment. To this end, The Tequila Bar inside Bally's has proven a vital post for wagon-circling during long stretches of losses, as well as a cheap celebratory meal following a fortuitous full-court heave. In downtown Vegas and off-Strip, drink and meal deals for the gambler and non-gambler alike are fairly common. But mid-Strip (Bally's is at the heart of things at the corner of Flamingo and the Strip) value is almost a four-letter word. Tequila Bar counters this trend with thoroughly decent $1 tacos (hard or soft, chicken or steak) 24/7, small $1 margaritas, as well as a larger forget-your-troubles-gringo margarita featuring not uno, not tres, but cinco Cuervo shots in a souvenir glass.  But if you're looking for dinner and a show, I recommend ordering the burger known as The Texas Challenge. Three pounds of Angus beef, a dozen strips of bacon, a half dozen slices of cheese, a whole tomato, a whole red onion, an iceberg lettuce wedge, a 1/3 pound of cole slaw, and an epic, custom-made bun about the size of a manhole cover. I ordered the $40 masterpiece, and the bartenders and managers made a huge fuss, telling the rest of the Friday night crowd at the restaurant that something big was in store. How big is the patty? Imagine a large pie crust filled solidly to the top with ground beef. Uncalled-for big. If I was able to finish the entire meal (which when plated took two hands and a hernia belt to lift) it would be on-the-house and I would receive my name on the wall as the first to ever polish it off. When it finally arrived so many diners' camera phones were going off they had to have a bartender act as a cowcatcher to part the crowd so they could deliver the burger to my seat at the bar. It was incredible. Just the biggest, most beautifully symmetrical thing I'd ever seen. It was like I was looking at a regular burger through a powerful telescope, except that it was right in front of me. I was able to successfully finish two-thirds of the mighty meal, and the manager said I had come as close as any of the brave souls who preceded me. He then shook my hand and bought me a beer. He was a hell of a guy. And it was a surprisingly delicious burger, all things considered. I would recommend Tequila Bar highly as a friendly, inexpensive place to eat and drink your cares away mid-Strip, meet a lot of single ladies late-night, or make a huge spectacle of yourself by eating a Sputnik-sized burger.  Just remember: even in the casino kitchen, the house always wins.
4	The best part of the Bally's casino - $1 margaritas, $1 tacos, $2 tequila shots and $2 draft beers. The margaritas are okay, super sour and barely drinkable, but for $1 you really can't complain. The tacos are decent, a slight notch above taco bell. We ate here for a quick bite before The Price Is Right Live show and there was a Cuervo promotion going on so we got free T-shirts and free shots. It's a good deal. Took our drinks with us to the theater so we didn't have to pay their higher prices. Have never seen such huge platters of Nachos in my life!
3	Went here, not once, but TWICE, in one evening! Why, you ask? My friends and I were hungry and this place was cheap, and their nachos didn't mess around. At $16 a pop, the nachos was big enough to feed you, me, and everyone we know. The cheese could've been melted a little more, but it was still pretty good, especially when you're trashed. If you need more alcohol in your system, scrounge up a couple of bucks, panhandle, get your "Will dance for $" sign out, and get a $1 margarita. It's strong and sweet, and will keep your buzz going.
4	Wow. $1 tacos, $1 beers, $1 margaritas. And they were all good. The margaritas are blended only out of a machine and regular or strawberry. The beer I think is limited to Miller Lite and Modelo. Other dirnk items such as top shelf margarits and plenty of different kinds of tequila to choose from.The beef tacos were slightly better than chicken tacos but both were delicious for only a buck. The quesidillas were also good with lots of toppings. The service was mediocre.  I like to think that it seemed like everyone sat at the same time and it got really busy, but I think it was more that the waiter couldn't handle multiple types of drinks at a time, let alone every other request.  Like not having any napkins on the table and we were halfway done with the food.Very loud, especially when all of the games are on. Pretty much first come for a table. The bathrooms are far to the left outside oft he restaurant or to the right and all of the ways down the hall to the conference center. Either way, don't wait until the last minute to go.
5	$1 tacos$1 margaritasnuff said
4	Going from Bill's or O'Shays in Vegas just wandering around getting drunk, our friend and I make it a point to stop by the Tequila Bar to get the Fish Bowl that has a drink that looks like an AMF ($20).  After that, make sure to down some tequila shots for those that didn't make it to Vegas ($2). Then down it with a tall pitcher of Modelo, because liquor before beer, you're in the clear ($7).After we do all the things above...well...let's say that stays in Vegas.Specialty: Tex-MexRecommendations for first timers: $1 Tacos (i hope they don't raise the prices)Service: 9/10 Variety: 10/10, Parking: 10/10 marc out.btw: they make margaritas really strong, so if you're into that then definitely a place worth checking out.
1	I almost went here.Me and my group sat here for 20 minutes or so and didn't even get a glance from a waiter.We were drawn by the lure of $1 rita's and tacos but that deal doesn't start til midnight.We were there at 1130p and decided to bail after we had a near misswith a member of the wait staff who cruised by our table, smiled and walked on by.
1	Look left, right, and around at the signage at Bally's- $1 margaritas at Happy Hour.  Nope, wrong - they are $2 each, and come with an attitude.  Boo.
4	I was here at least once every day that I was in Vegas. I still dream about their chicken tacos (with extra pico de gallo) and dollar margaritas. Trust me, they are that good! Word of advice: stay away from the beef tacos; they are less than stellar. I'd go for the strawberry margarita as it masks the tequila. The lime one is pretty good too, but the strawberry is amazing. My friend who had been here before told me that they offered dollar tacos and dollar margaritas from midnight to 6am, but to my recollection, tacos and margaritas were $1 all day long. They have this fishbowl drink here that is adorable. It's blue like water and may or may not have candy fish in it. Not sure since I didn't get the chance to try it, but I wish I did! The portions for the nachos are huge as well. One couple that was sitting by us on one particular occasion thought they could finish it on their own, but they barely made a dent in it. What a waste!The service was terrible the first time that we were there, but the more we went, the more it improved. Maybe they started to recognize us? The bartenders were always nice though! They had no problem talking to drunk girls at 4am. We were rejected at the entrance two nights in a row because the kitchen couldn't handle any more orders. Imagine our disappointment when the manager behind the velvet rope informed us that the kitchen was too busy. So, remember: chicken tacos (I recommend at least 2 per person) and strawberry margaritas!
4	One of the best deals in Las Vegas!  Old Vegas Deals are Back in a Big Way!$1 margaritas, $1 tacos, $2 tequila shots and $2 draft beers!What more can I say!!!  A great late night stop for some fun and food!  The taco tray rocks too...it keeps your hard shell tacos upright so nothing falls out of them!!!If you want to look like a high roller order all 4 items...a 6 buck investment but you will be the KING of the BAR!!!
2	1$ Margarita is now $2 and its WAAAAAAAAY too sweet. Wings had WAAAAAAAAAY too much sauce. Looked around at other peoples food and really didnt see anything I would have liked to try. As a last resort, maybe. Other than that, keep walking.
2	The nachos looked awesome but wasnt going to wait that long to actually get them.  Service was slow here, beyond slow and zero vibe.  A tequila bar should be upbeat with young people serving and having fun, the staff was older and mostly philipino speaking little english and more interested in watching tv then clearing tables, other people didnt get silverware, and most people were all looking around for someone to help them, so me and my buddy said screw it and decided to just get some dollar shots THAT NO LONGER EXIST.  Two dollar margaritas of low quality is no deal, the shots are an ounce or less and cheap cuervo.  Totally dissapointed in this place.  I would have a better time at a dive bar in Barstow.
2	Disagree with the last part of Ken M's review. You get a decent amount for your money by splitting the big @$$ nachos or ordering the 3lb burger for a group of people instead of just one person.Individual sized entrees are way overpriced and saying the food is mediocre is actually a compliment. Save your money, and your gas, go to your local Roberto's or any mom and pop taco shop for MUCH better and cheaper food.As for the 1 dollar taco and margaritas, either this is a limited thing they only offer during happy hour or it's on a secret menu because none of the servers were talking about it and no where was it on the menu.
3	My Son and I stopped by to watch Anthony M try to finish the 3 lb Burger challenge......the Burger was actually 5+ lbs total weight!  (see pics)We decided to order some food for ourselves as well.  I ordered the 1/2 lb Open Range Cheesburger ($11) w/Onion Rings ($2) & Loco Bueno Hot Wings ($10).  My Son ordered the 1 lb Big Daddy BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger ($16).  There were 11 people in our party, so I expected the service to be a little slow.Our food came out in a reasonable amount of time.....the Burger was OK, not great.  The Hot Wings tasted pretty good, but the sauce was not hot enough for me.  I asked for the hottest sauce they had and it was called the Texas Double Pepper.....it had a small kick to it, but it really didn't do much for me.  My Son enjoyed his Big Daddy BBQ Burger....it was huge at 1 lb, but it was nothing compared to the 3 lb Challenge!Anthony ordered his Burger at the same time we all ordered our food, but he didn't get his 3 lb Challenge Burger until we were all finished with our meals.  Keep that in mind if you want to do this challenge.....it will take 15-20 min longer for it to be ready vs other entrees.When they delivered the challenge Burger, they rang bells, whooped & hollered and made a big deal.  The staff announces it to the restaurant and they count down to start the 30 minute time limit.  Everyone in the restaurant watches as you try to eat this monster.  They advertise it as 3 lbs, which is within range for a normal person.....but it weighs it at over 5 lbs once you add it the 12 pieces of Bacon, Whole Onion, Whole Tomato, 6 slices of Cheese, Bun, and Lettuce!  Crazy!  I give Anthony props for giving it a shot.....he finished 1/2 of the Burger, which is respectful.  The manager told us 150 people have tried it, but only 5 have completed the challenge.  While we were dining there was another challenger at the bar.....we heard he only finished 1/2 the Burger too.  It's a $36 Burger in case you want to give it a try.....Overall, it was a pretty fun time hanging out with other Yelpers.  The food was just eh....OK.Return Factor - 30%
3	Have to admit that Tequila Bar and Grill is one of those hidden gems in Las Vegas.  And without fellow Yelper organizing a 3# Burger Eating Challenge here, I would have totally not know about this little restaurant, which is located in Bally's.The food I ordered while I was here to cheer on Anthony M (took on the 3# burger and did a respectable job of finishing 1/2 of it within the alloted 30 miniutes) was their full slab of ribs, which was flavored with a choice of their selection of BBQ sauces (I went with the Texas Double Pepper, which was supposed to be hot, but it was mild at best).  It tasted okay, not the best nor worst ribs I have tried in Las Vegas.From the comments about the food others in our party had ordered, I think the food overall is just okay too. Price-wise I think it is about average for something you order inside a restaurant within a casino.However, Tequila Bar and Grill does have some very attractive items on their menu that would definitely qualify as super value deals.  The $1 margaritas, the $1 tacos, $2 draft beers, $2 tequila shoots, $16 "mountainous plate" of nachos, $36 3lb burger (if you order it and split it 3 or 4-ways).Service for large parties is not good.  I am thinking why would they work harder for their tips, when the 18% is already automatically added to your bill.  Our waitress never came back to check on us after we ordered, except to bring us our food.  Checking up on refills of beverages or additional orders only occurred after we frantically waved down the waitstaff.  The only time the waitress followed up was to hound me to pay my bill before I was even done with my ribs (definitely didn't like that).About the 3# burger challenge.  Expect to wait an hour for the burger to finally be served.  I am guessing that they will have to bake the giant hamberger buns from scratch and make the giant patty too.  So if you are serious about trying to win the challenge and go hit the gem for 2 hours before tackling the burger, it might be strategic to have someone go and order it for you, so you can get there without waiting so long that you are no longer hungry before tackling the 5 pounds of food that comes with the 3# burger challenge burger.  Also order the burger rare, because if the 2 inches of beef patty is cooked any more, it will mostly be well-done.
3	$1 margaritas, $1 tacos, $2 tequila shots and $2 draft beers, can't go wrong with prices like that! For those prices you're not getting gourmet food but the tacos aren't bad either. The chips & salsa is $3 and is bottomless, the waitress actually offered to box the leftover chips for us to take with us too. I wouldn't make a special trip to go here but if you're near Bally's it's a place to get some decent CHEAP food and drinks!
2	Crowded and not cheap at peak hours.  Had a hell of a time trying to get two spots to sit for my girlfriend and me. Paid $14 for two draft beers at about 3:00pm/weekday.  I guess happy hour time would have been cheaper but we didn't want to rack up a big bill by the time happy hour started (I think it starts at 5:00pm).  Left and went across the street to La Salsa.
3	$6 pitcher of modelo- cheap for vegas$14 chicken enchiladas - They were good. It was a ton of food!$9 queso fresco dip- dont even bother it was terribleThe service was awful
1	The food was decent, the prices were alright (for Vegas), but the service was TERRIBLE!  If it weren't for the fact that I have moral issues with getting up and leaving without paying (even if we have only had drinks) I would have done it.Our waiter not only left halfway through our meal (without telling anyone), but even when he was there, everything (from drink order to drink reception) took at least 20 minutes minimum.  Our food order (which was soups and appetizers) took well over 45 minutes to come out.Another thing... My grandma ordered the tortilla soup, and it looked (and tasted) a lot like the Texas chili.  It just had tortilla strips added.I think they are more used to people who are wasted and don't keep track of the normal details that restaurant service requires.  I would NEVER recommend this place, sober or drunk.  But hey, if it's 4:30am and no where else is serving food for your munchies, then it works.
3	$1 Tacos are the best deal here..I didn't see any mention of the $2 draft beer or the $1 Margaritas..damn! We also had the cheese enchiladas..not the best..but ok. The chips and salsa were also just ok. I would come back for the cheap tacos....Service was really slow..need more servers.
3	I've been here a couple of times and once was to try to defeat the big plate of nachos.  Myself and two other friends were unable to dominate this beast but we got close.  They also have a 3lb burger challenge if you're feeling like you have to redeem yourself from getting your ass kicked by a slot machine.  I've tried their baby rack rib dinner and the food is average, not spectacular tasting but they are large in portion.  Good for late nights if you're in the area and you want to munch on appetizers.
4	OMG the Nachos are huge! I didn't get it though, but from a distance, it could easily feed 4-5 people.Wings were really good, they were quite meaty, so if you're looking for a decently cheap place and want some food. Come hereI will be back.
2	Tequila Bar, I came here after reading reviews on yelp. I was looking for a cheap bar with decent drinks. When I saw they had a 128oz Blue Fishbowl for $20 I YELPed! But was disappointed to hear they had no "fishbowls" and would service it in two large cups. The two cups turned out to be 64oz Plastic pitchers, which was pretty fun. What wasn't fun was that 1. It has no "fishies" in it (like the picture) and 2. It was 90% Soda. Boo! But hey, for the novelty- the price wasn't bad!The Nacho's at the next table did look pretty delectable, but I just came from a big dinner so I just ordered the "southwestern corn on the cob". I was curious. What made it southwestern? I should have known when I ordered it and the waiter said, corn- you want the corn? ok. And Corn is exactly what I got. Just boiled corn with a square of butter... for $3 - FAIL
3	$1 dolla tacos. thats all i gotta say. Come here for those tacos (chicken is better) and some cheap drinks and you'll leave a happy camper. I believe it might be open 24hr/day so perfect after a long night of partying or losing your money! The only complaint I have is the length it takes to get your food. I came here twice in one night. The first time was the taco experience, which like a said - left as a happy camper. Second time I came was around 5AM and ordered a chicken quesadilla and onion rings to-go. The order took about 35 minutes to make. I thought it was a pretty long wait, given that they were pretty slow at this time. Other than that, cool place to grab some cheap food and drinks before or after your night!
5	Unbelievable!!!!  Visited Vegas from Austin and would have never dreamed we would have run into Mexican food this good ( and cheap ) in a casino bar.  Gigantic proportions to boot.  Hard to find inside Bally's  but worth the search.
2	If you are cheap and staying in Bally's, then you should come here. Otherwise, the food is only okay and I am sure there are better options that are in a similar price range, even though dining tends to be pricey in Vegas. We ordered the chips and salsa, the $2 tacos, and then two of us vegetarians got the taco salad minus the beef. Everything was okay, just the service took a long time...we basically had to beg to get or bottomless chips and salsa refilled. Also, the food took a long time to come, as well as everything else. I probably won't come here again unless I find myself staying in Bally's another time.
3	How can you beat $2 tacos & $2 draft beers?  This was the first place we ate at after arriving in Vegas.  The service was SLOOOOOOOOOW.  The cheap tacos were good.  They did the job.  I can't decide if I liked the chicken or beef better.  Their Miller Lite and Modelo Especial are the $2 draft beers, or you can get a pitcher for $7.
4	After walking through Bally's, Paris, & Bellagio we discovered this was the only place that was open at 5am in the morning after me and my gals had danced the night away and worked up a hankering for late night munchies.It may not be omigoodness amazing food (we shared chips and salsa, tortilla soup and fries - standard probably pre-frozen / pre-made fare) but it does it's job and for being so late/early the waitress was mighty attentive and bubbly.
1	I have nothing good to say about this place. Bad service. Bad drinks.  Bad food. Stay away!
1	Disgusting! The salsa tasted like a can of puree tomatoes. The chicken tortilla soup had 3 small chunks of chicken and it tasted like a heated version of the salsa, hot puree tomatoes. Simply the worst meal I've had in a while. I will never return. In fact I felt robbed cause a cup of soup, chips n salsa and a Pepsi was $11.35 before tip. I know its Vegas but seriously. Do you know how many cans of tomatoes I could have bought with this money? I could have made nasty soup and salsa for our entire block!!!This place was a hot mess down to the waiter who asked me every 5 freaking minutes if I needed anything.
3	A casual American restaurant with a friendly menu serving burgers, ribs, nachos and cheap drinks with HUGE PORTIONS near the casino in Bally's, Vegas - good for mixed groups, guys and satisfies a drinkers craving for a hefty, greasy meal. Portions and price point are the sell here.My two girlfriends and I drank $2 Margaritas and shared El Jefe's Nachos Grande ($16). Fully-loaded with layers of toppings and cheese, the nacho platter was literally the BIGGEST platter I've seen in my life. We stuffed ourselves silly (and regretted it soon after) and it didn't even look like we made a dent in it. I recommend sharing the Nachos Grande with 6-8 hungry girls or 4-5 hungry guys. 3-Pound Texas Challenge: Ultimate BBQ Bacon Cheese Burger $35You get this burger and fries free if you finish it. This hungry man named Joey was up for it while we were there and he didn't even finish half. Wall of Burger Finisher Fame had only a mere ~17 people.
4	since the nascar cafe closed down i was afraid there wasn't anymore monster food challenges in town for the mightiest of eater to go to. Tequila Bar and Grill has a Texas 3lbs challenge which is not just a burger but an ultimate BBQ bacon cheese burger, 3 lbs burger filled with the regular burger ingredients, a bunch of bacon, and drenched in BBQ, so it has a pretty good taste. finish it all in 30 mins and get a tshirt, photo on wall, and best of all its free instead of $35. i wasn't able to try it the last time i was here because i wasn't ready. but give me a few weeks or a few months and i think I'll be able to round up some worthy challengers to join me. if you're not up for a 3 lbs burger they have a huge menu with huge portions at OK prices for the strip. beers for $5 most places on the strip are at least $6. margaritas and mojitos starting at around $7, a 128 oz fish bowl margarita for around $20, a lot of Mexican, nachos, quesadillas, taco salads, chili, soup, BBQ chicken and ribs, pulled pork sandwich, desserts, and breakfast. i think they have $2 tacos, Tequila, and draft right now.
3	Cheap drinks and food! Service can be very poor at times though...especially if the restaurant is busy. Great if you need to eat a quick meal or throw back a well drink for under $20 in Vegas!
1	Seat your self type of place.... Someone 10 min later brought us h2o but we didn't see anyone for at least another 10 min. All 4 of us felt sick after we ate there. I kept finding bones in my chicken enchiladas. Our drinks were so overly strong, they tasted bad. Overall, poor experience, won't be back.
4	I've attended this place 3 times during my 6 day trip. I would recommend this place if you are looking for a quick place to eat and get cheap shots of tequila (jose cuervo). $2 tacos, margaritas and shots, cannot beat that deal, especially if you are in Vegas. 1 taco will not fill you so order atleast four. Waitors are friendly and give exceptional service.
4	Good bang for the buck for late night food, especially if you are staying at Bally's.One thing to keep in mind is that there is a separate late night menu after 11p. I came around 2a hoping for some ribs, but ended up with steak and eggs for $10 instead. Steak was perfectly cooked (char broiled)  to medium rare and everything was a healthy portion size. I think Bill's across the street has some better deals, but if you are tired, even that's too much of a walk.The $2 tacos and margaritas are always available though they don't appear anywhere in the menu though they are on posters all through the casino.
1	Would give it a zero if I could. seated ourselves at a dirty table. Took 10 mins to get it cleaned. Took 10 MORE mins to get a drink order in, and when we said we were ready to order the waitress said we'll have to wait because they take drink and food orders separately...10 more mins, we complain TO the manager and he seems irritated at us, but still takes our order...another 20 mins...food comes out.Chips- look good but were stale. disappointing. Salsa was decent.Tacos- not amazing...def NOT worth the trouble we went thru. Ud figure they'd try to accommodate us or just even be NICE to us as apology for their poor service...nothing but attitude and ignorance. Horrible staff, they need new management. Never returning.
4	This is for sure FAT MAN FRIENDLY dinning. $2 tacos that are tasty and aren't small either!! They can be brought up to your room via room service too (Still $2 but you need to order at least 4). The party I was with did what everyone else was doing and that was getting the nachos. They were big and packed with toppings. If you had a hard time figuring out what to order and you see that plate of nachos come out of the kitchen you will be instantly sold!! We also ordered their "Electric Fishbowl" which was over 100 oz. of tasty drunkenness!! They broke it down into two tubs to make it easier on us for sharing. With our $40 tab (including a very small tip) all 4 of us caught a buzz and our bellies were pretty damn full. They have a burger challenge I'm sure I'll have to come back and try out. If you are staying at Bally's I don't see why you shouldn't eat here at least once. ***Would of gave it 5 stars but the service was slow*** (NOTE-it was right in the heart of lunch time on a Saturday so speedy service was not expected)
4	I am a fan of this place. I am sorry, but El Jeffe Nachos- $16.00 that feeds up to 6 people, are the biggest and most loaded and cheapest nachos I have ever seen or ate. And, they are good. Not to mention they are open until 6 AM and, not to mention that they have $2 Margs, $2, Shots and a Loaded Mexican Menu. Seriously, if you ain't a fan, I don't know what to tell you. Service could be better, but who cares.
4	Thanks for being open for last minute cheap food! The bartender was really nice too!
3	Pretty cheap food to get especially if you want something late night at ballys. The food is decent 5-12$ breakfast items
2	Beef tacos = old musty ground beef. Chicken tacos = mushy chicken. Both have stale hard shells... The beer was good, lucky for me they are only 2 bucks each.Stick with the beer and you'll be alright!
3	Portions here are huge but the $2 tacos and beer is your best bet.
3	We sat down here at 2AM looking for some bar grub.  We ordered the nachos ($16) and a side of onion rings ($7).  The nachos were by far the biggest platter of nachos I've ever seen.  I remember them being pretty good but then again I was hammered.  The service was slow and spotty at best.
4	In the wasteland that is late night food on the Vegas strip, this place adds a few extras. While you can get a cheap steak and eggs, the real finds are the infused tequila, the ridiculously huge nachos, some insanely large burgers, and some other items that I can't recall since I was just as drunk as everyone else at the place.
4	Pleasantly pleased with the food, service, and drinks at this hole-in-the-wall-joint located in Ballys, at the very back of the casino floor. Me and my boyfriend came here to meet up with my uncle who was staying at Ballys. The place is pretty small with a few tables and stools and a couple of stools at the bar  The both of us sat at the bar and ordered entrees before my uncle arrived:1) I ordered the HALF RACK BABY BACK RIBS w/ a choice of 2 sides; I got the baked beans and cole slaw. I don't remember what kind of rub or sauce but whatever our server suggested was really good. The meat was cooked well as were the baked beans. As for the cole slaw, it was swimming in a pool of the dressing, yuck. 2) The boyfriend ordered the CARNE ASADA including spanish rice, refried beans, and choice between corn or flour tortillas. The carne asada was a nice sized portion and the accompanying onions and peppers added more flavor. The beans were good, but the spanish rice was a bit salty. We had just finished dinner when my uncle came to meet us.  From then on it was a nonstop drink-a-thon. Beers are relatively cheap, with $5 or $7 pitchers, depending on the beer, and so between the free flowing cheap beer and the endless choices of tequila, we stayed at the bar for a good majority of the night. The 2 bartenders were extremely friendly and attentive getting refills and explaining the 2 sets of flights my uncle had also just ordered:1) The SPIRIT OF MEXICO: 4 shots of various tequilas for $29 2) BLANCO FLIGHT: 4 different shots of other tequilas for $29Overall a really surprisingly good time at such a random place. The food was good, the service was attentive and friendly, and the drinks were relatively cheap for being in Vegas.
4	$2 tequila shots, margaritas, and tacos - all day, errday!My brother and I were meandering around our hotel at Bally's and saw the $2 deals. It was past midnight, which was the perfect time to take in a buzz or two. We ordered some shots, margaritas and 4 tacos (2 beef and 2 chicken) to share. Both the beef and chicken tacos were not the greatest, kind of like Taco Bell. Oh well, 4 stars for the cheap deals!
4	The Tequila Bar 'Chos are massive!  Like get the whole drunk crew to share massive!Tacos are now $2
3	I'm writing to give this three stars because as a whole it is A'Ok.  Vegas is all about the glitz and bright lights and most of the restaurants around the strip are pretty pricey. This is a great place to stop into if you are looking for something a little less expensive.  The food is decent.  I ordered a steak salad and it was better than the one that i order at the Sugar Factory.Good service, but it's a little small of a space so probably not good for groups.
3	Chicken wings are a good choice  to soak up liquor quickly. Saturday night bar across from the restaurant have live music.
3	Great specials found this place walking thru Bally's going to Paris.  $2 tequila shots, 8oz margaritas, and taco's all day, everyday!  Service is a bit slow, but service was friendly and the place was very busy when we came in.   I had 2 chicken taco's that were great, stuffed full of chicken, lettuce, and a lot of cheese.   Great place for cheap eats in Vegas which is hard to find.
4	In any other place I would give 3 stars, but for Vegas it's easily a 4th star.  Food (ok, just the tacos) are good (not great).  They are not big, the best tacos you ever ate good, but for $6 you can get 3 of them and leave comfortably full and they taste decent.  We had prompt, attentive service.  Drinks are well priced (at least the specials are).  Add in the price and this was one of our better stops for the weekend.  One of the few places you didn't feel like you got bent-over for price gauging.
4	$4 watermelon and pineapple infused tequila shots!I'm biased, I have fond memories of this place spanning over a decade.  It's a must stop spot every time I'm in town.
5	Very friendly. $2 shots - $2 tacos!!!! Had an awesome time!!!
2	The food here is pretty average if not plain bad. Do not go here if you are hoping for some good Mexican food. However, considering that you're in expensive Vegas, the $2 tacos and beer are a nice option to have. I came here twice for that very reason. The tacos, which are Taco Bell style, hard shell with cheddar cheese and sour cream, were good for being far from authentic and only two bucks. I also tried the tortilla soup, which is really a misnomer, since this soup was more like some sort of tomato soup with tortilla chips on the side. Again, this place isn't necessarily bad, just not authentic and not that good either.
2	Considering how late the bars and clubs stay open (assuming they even close...), you'd think the Strip would have a lot more late night food options!  Earl of Sandwich, the (gross) 24-hour cafe at Paris, and Tequila Bar at Bally's...that's all we could come up with around our hotel after a long night of gambling and drinking.  Sad.Since we just wanted to grab something quick before rejoining our friends upstairs, I ordered the Chicken Quesadilla appetizer.  I figured it would be small and simple, but it was really simple.  After popping open the lid, I was greeted with four triangles of quesadilla with scoops of sour cream, guacamole, and salsa on the side.  Really not that impressive, even though it was about what I had expected.  While they put in a decent amount of chicken, the taste was underwhelming - just not enough spice.  Had there been more cheese, it would have helped the flavor...but it would have made it even oilier.  It was already bad enough seeing the grease/oil it left behind in the container, it was even worse seeing it again in the morning ("Oh man...what the hell were we thinking...").  For whatever reason, it reminded me of what you get from the food stands at sporting events. Although the food is pretty mediocre, I can't say Tequila Bar was terrible since my friend thought his burger was decent.  They have some cheap deals if you're looking to stay on a budget ($2 tacos it seems), but I would probably just go over to Earl of Sandwich for some late eats.  Otherwise, they might not be bad for some margaritas and cocktails - the ones we saw the bartender make looked pretty enticing.
5	a beer 2 bucks tacos? yes sir 2 bucks! 2am , heck yes!, the service fast, the taste, amazing for the middle of the night!
4	Lets just say when your hungry after clubbing all night long and all you want is food close by that's open late and serve big portions to soak up all the alcohol that you have consumed by the bar this is the place to be.The price is decent, the food is good, and  the service is friendly. Thats what had us coming back 3 nights in a row after the clubs, and the fact that we stayed  at Bally's.At some point during the second night I went here It felt like there was only one guy working. My friends and I could swear he was the one sitting people, taking orders, making the food and bringing out the food. We saw NO OTHER PERSON working in the place that night(or morning you could call it at 4am)....Overall a great place to dine at! =]
1	We broke our own rule! The rule is when it comes to Mexican restaurants is ... if there are more Caucasians than ethnic DO NOT EAT THERE!We should of known by the attendees. The $2 margaritas were a joke even after we added another shot of tequila. The famous large nachos turned our stomachs into concrete jungles and they were hurting. NEVER AGAIN!
5	What is all the complaining about? There AREN'T affordable places in vegas strip that offer high culinary level food. Don't people know that almost all mexican restaurants aren't authentic in taste? Why the high expectations? This place is meant for the cheapest beer pitcher, tacos, tequilla shots, nachos and quesidilla on the strip! Love this place. Thanks tequilla bar and grill for being pretty yummy and AFFORDABLE!
3	pretty cool late night place but sadly  i cant write much about this place since i was pretty wasted  but i would say the food is petty good   so i probably would check this place out again  maybe when I'm sober :D    ohhhh & the service sucks ASS  ! ! One day i might  try the 3 pound Burger challenge   . Wish me luck when that day comes !
2	The nachos were great, the initial waitress needed an education on what a Top Shelf drink was (at a place called Tequila's - I am NOT kidding!), the manager saved the day by taking good care of us.The nacho plate was huge. Decent flavor and huge. Reasonable price and did I say huge? So ... know your own drinks and talk to the manager. But we won't be back; too many other places in Vegas to have fun.
5	I'm writing this review because I'm craving one (okay 4) of their chicken tacos right NOW. Mmmmm. If you've been out drinking all night this place is perfect to curb your munchies. Affordable $2 tacos & $3 strawberry margaritas a few of each will leave your wallet and tummy satisfied. We ate here almost everyday it's pretty additive.
3	Let's get to the point: if you stick to the specials, you can overlook the mediocrity because it's hella cheap. At $2, I don't expect a good margarita, and the $2 tacos are Taco Bell quality. But it's a cheap place to eat and drink in a part of the strip where cheap eats and drinks are becoming hard to find. So load up on $2 Modelos and cheap tacos here before you move on to another place on the strip.
4	There nachos are no joke... Huge... I mean ginormous! We sat our selfs and ordered right away. Service is fast and friendly. These are not gourmet nachos by any means but taste great and can easily feed 4. My hubby and I have huge appetites and could only eat half. If you're hungry come eat here!
1	My group of friends came across this place while we were searching for a late night bar/grill to eat at. We all didn't really expect much, and the menu sounded pretty good, so we decided to drink and eat here.The service here was VERY slow. After getting seated, our waitress came and got our orders about 15-20 minutes after. There weren't that many people there, so there was no reason for slow service. After ordering, we had to wait another 20-30 minutes to get food. We decided to order a round of drinks while we waited. This also took quite a while, and she also forgot one of our drinks. The food here is not that great. Their tacos are extremely plain and shitty tacos that look like leftovers. However, the nachos looked amazing, so there are some things that are good (you just have to do some research). Overall, a terrible experience. The wait is long, the food is bad, and the food price is ridiculous for what you get. The only upside is that it's open somewhat late, and the drinks are pretty cheap.
2	Seemed good-- but it wasn't that great. I ordered a taco salad, and it wasn't very authentic as advertised. It was pretty pricey, but what am I saying, it's Vegas! However, I thought it was bland and had less flavor than a Jose Ole frozen burrito! I'm from Southern California, so maybe I expect a little more from Mexican food-- but this was supposed to be authentic. With all the money they make in this city, would it kill them to have a professional-cultural-cook adviser?
5	This place is so awesome for frugal drunkards like myself. Most people probably dont know about it as its tucked away in the back of Ballys and not really something you're likely to stumble across.If you're in Vegas, plan to make a trip here if you like really cheap drinks, friendly and appreciative bartenders and a really casual, almost homey atmosphere.Here is what you need to know. $2 shots of tequila, margaritas, draft beers and tacos. They also have a $15 margarita pitcher and a $25 128oz. bowl of alcohol poisoning. All the time. 24/7. You wont see club chicks in skimpy black dresses here or douche bags in Ed Hardy shirts. You may see an inebriated man in a hawaiian shirt and khaki shorts slurring his words at noon. If you do, stop and say hi to me!Me and my girlfriend chose the margarita pitcher at the suggestion of our super friendly bartender. He said we might be happier with that than ordering separate $2 ones. He liberally poured booze into the pitcher right in front of us and seemed to keep pouring when he noticed my pleasure at the amount of booze he was providing. We tipped him well.About halfway through our pitcher a couple of complimentary tacos showed up. He said they were extra and he thought I might want them! Thanks bartender! They are pretty good too for $2 tacos. Nice and fresh, decent size and the chicken was well seasoned and tasted pretty good. I miss the Tequila Bar and I want to go back. My only complaint is that they couldn't sell me the plain black shirt that said "Tequila Bar, Bally's Las Vegas in a very standard font that the bartender was wearing and I wanted so badly as a souvenir.
5	This is for the bar section.Been to Vegas a few times, and every time I went with my bros, we stayed at Bally's. The first time we did, he had flown in the day before me so he had already been here. So he told me about something that was on the menu that sparked my interest. We had a few drinks in the room and decided to come here before going out to the club and ordered the "Fish Bowl". That's what we started calling it. It's real name is Electric Fiesta Bowl. This thing is amazing. It tastes great and knocks you on your ass. We have now made it tradition to get these bad boys every time we hit Vegas. If you want to take it on the strip they give you little pitchers. Which pull ladies, let me tell you. They are always curious to know what it is and where you got it. Nothing like rolling on the strip with 2 128 Oz drinks in 4 pitchers.
3	The burger my friend ordered was bigger than his head! Pretty good food although the service is kinda slow.
3	At least the staff was great- they gave true honest opinions of the bar food. The bar staff didnt mind chatting with you at the bar and the beer on tap was mighty cold. Great for a $2 beer out the door. Now that I think about it... why didnt I grab more from here while the wife was sitting at the slots! But thats all it is- food nothing to ride home about, unless youve had too many $2 beers!
4	The Grande nachos will feed a crew of 3-4 without too much trouble...I can't say much more on their other foods because this is all I eat here whenever I visit.  Although I did try their 2 dollar taco and it was pretty tasty.  The beef has a good flavor to it, but it is the soft kind...not "carne asada."  Enjoy!
2	Ordered Cadillac Margaritas, and I think they were all margarita mix with no tequila for $7. Way too sweet. They were running a special on shots of Jose for $2, so we bought a couple to add to our drinks to cut the sweetness. Note, their "shots" are maybe an ounce. Much too small to be acutal shots. We ordered their nachos, and they were HUGE! Definitely the highlight with lots of good toppings. No way the 2 of us were finishing them (although we gave it a good run). We were supposed to have gotten a $2 discount on the nachos with our Total Rewards card, which we didn't get. I didn't notice until later though, and I didn't feel like going back and arguing about $2. All-in-all, it's an OK place, but years ago I remember the drinks were great and I'd spend hours hanging out there. Now? Not so much.
3	$3 draft beer and discount on food with your players club card! Friendly staff. Nice little restaurant.
2	Avoid this place if you are in a rush. We were looking for a quick bite before the show at Bally's so we popped into the Tequila Bar. We only orderd a couple of hamburgers. They were cooked to order, but you could tell the beef was not fresh and had no seasoning. The fries were stale. The service was beyond slow. I have never had a good meal at any restaurant at Bally's and do not care to give them another chance.
4	4 stars just for the face this joint as frozen margarita's and beers for 2.00!!  That alone is 4 stars.  didnt eat but sat at the bar alone with a few drinks.  Nice bartender.  will go back again when in town.  hard to find 2.00 drinks on the strip!
2	I was attracted to this place because of the cheap menu for drinks and appetizers and being in Bally's I wasn't expecting too much. The staff here are friendly but the service here is just average and it can be hard to find a table during happy hour but there is always the bar area where you can stand and just drink right there. I ordered the nachos and it was huge and not for the health conscious. After eating it for 20 minutes, my stomach started gurgle and I felt sick from the meat and cheese, I stopped eating because i didn't want it to ruin the rest of my trip and just took some tums and went away. Like I said, don't expect too much from this place even for the cheap deals, the restaurant is not as hip looking as the others on the strip but it gets the job done and you do get what you pay for.
5	A great place to start a Vegas vacation and stay on budget. I found myself coming here  several times during my stay in Las Vegas. The $2 tacos are excellent and nothing like taco bell, they have a nice fresh shredded beef and very fresh tasting. ingredients. Also the $2 margaritas were good welcomed addition to the budget meal. The only downside was the service was rather slow but the good food, drinks and prices made it worth the wait. I will definitely return!
2	Cheap tequila? Decent deal for a restaurant....except the waitress spilled a bunch of shots all over our table and didn't apologize.Also service was very slow for an empty restaurant.
4	If you like Nachos then go here. You should take some friends because the plate is huge. We have gone here a few times and the food is good for the price. The $2.00 Margaritas are just that but they still get you drunk for a good price. This is a great place to meet up with friends and have a good inexpensive time. We have gone to other places and paid as much for a few drinks as drinks and a meal here.
3	One of my must stop at least once places when I visit Vegas.  It is located in Bally's casino, towards the restaurant area past the 'Indigo Lounge' area.NOTE:  My review only covers the all day $2.00 specials for the Tacos, Margaritas, Modelo Drafts and Tequila ShotsThis place can be full and very busy depending on time of day, etc.  I always have a few of the $2.00 tacos, which come either in Chicken or Beef with lettuce, tomato, sour cream, and cheese.  Don't expect some crazy gourmet tacos that some of the other reviewers seem to be expecting, this is Vegas after all.  For my expectations the food I have had from the specials is good, and very filing.  I have had the chips and salsa from the menu, the salsa is spicy but can be salty as well.  The $2 margaritas can be sweet, and the $2 Modelo's can go down pretty fast.  The service can be up or down depending on if it is busy or not, I've tended to visit here mid afternoon.  Overall, I can't complain, the food specials are inexpensive and the drinks are cold, this is a good place to grab a bite to eat before heading out to explore.
3	I don't know why, and I don't know how, but my group always ends up here after clubbing every single time we go to Vegas. It's like every night  we have three main goals -- get drunk, get into our club of choice, and get these damn nachos. It'll be 4 am,  I'll phase in an out of consciousness, and all i see is a plate of gooey cheese, tri-colored nachos & steak. I won't even know how much I ate, but l know I'll be able to drunkenly pass out happy.That being said, trying this place sober was a different story. Be prepared to wait forever, get things spilled on your or on the table, and have to ask multiple waiters for the same thing repeatedly until you get it. There is also enough cheese to have four people split this, get them all sick and not be able to finish it.If you're a total rewards member, don't forget to show your card for a few dollars off.But those nachos... oh, those nachos.....
5	Great place. I think I went there every day for the week that I was in Vegas. The first thing I had coming off my flight from OKC to Vegas were their nachos and a margarita (9am, and I'm okay with that!). The nachos seemed expensive and then they brought them. OH DEAR GOD WHAT HAVE I DONE? I think I was going to sob because of how purely gigantic the mountain of nachos was. Maybe because it was my first flight ever and I was ready to curl up and cry already, but yeah. Thankfully I had my boyfriend with me so we conquered Nacho Peak.
5	$2 shots, $2 tacos, $2 beers, $2 'ritas?  we had so much fun.   and it kept us closer to our budget than any of the other joints in town..........hint: if service seems slow, go sit at the bar.
4	Was starving after having an afternoon plane ride (no free lunches anymore unless you're first class), and found this place in my hotel. $2 tequila shots, $2 tacos (small), and $2-3 margaritas - yum. ($2 regular, $3 starawberry)My whole bill for 2 tacos - you can choose from beef or shredded chicken - and 1 strawberry margarita was like $8.50 with tip. You can't do better than that in Vegas! Tacos were just okay but I wasn't looking for gourmet. The strawberry margarita is small - think water glass - but tasty.
2	When will we learn? We came in here tired and starving after half a day of walking down the strip. We were seduced by the all day $2 specials, but really the warning signs were there.we started off ordering the $2 margaritas which quenched the thirst, but were all syrup and next to no alcohol (no real surprise). We followed that up with a taco salad and queso fundido. We got full quick, but neither were very appetizing. The biggest sin of the meal, though, was that they served chili with the taco salad rather than pinto or refried beans.Overall, for Las Vegas, this joint is cheap, but you have so many other options you might as well spend a little more and enjoy your meal.
1	Ordered chicken wings, got chicken fingers? Finally got my wings and got ten wings and one drummie?  Junk.
4	Went for dinner, had great drinks (razzarita is really good, my sister really like the watermelon cooler) food was pretty good too, Im not that big of a fan of tamales but were pretty good and had the alambre tacos which were very tasty. This place is however pretty expensive, me and my sister shared an order of tacos and tamales, and had 2 drinks each bill was around$80. The service was good as well.
1	I have low standards but this place is terrible.I was starving so stupidly decided to try this place out. Waited a few minutes for a table to clear out (would it kill you guys to hire a hostess?) Sat down at a dirty table, and a guy comes with a wet rag and brushes all of the debris onto the floor. That should have been my hint. to go elsewhere. I ordered wings as an appetizer. Wings were lathered in a spicy sauce that masked the fact that they were overcooked. I forgot what I had for an entree but it was unremarkable I'm sure. Drinks were cheap, I guess. Food was overpriced for something they probably just microwaved.
5	Awesome place to get $2 tacos and $2 margaritas on the strip.
5	I went here with my in-laws and all our kids, 13 people in total. We took advantage of their awesome weekday specials, $2 beer, $2 margaritas, $2 tequila shots, $2 tacos, all day. Tacos were tasty. We also ordered bottomless chips/salsa and "El Jefe" nachos - biggest plate of nachos I've ever seen! Our server Sonia was a doll - patient, accommodating, good sense of humor.  We left full and happy for $130, tip included. Would definitely go again!
4	Came here with my youngest boy, celebrating his 21st. Came here around midnight and had the $2 tacos with chicken and Modelo. Six tacos and two beers total cost of $16. Can't beat the price and not bad either. Also, helped that we were also staying at Ballys too. Would come here again.
3	This is a great find if you are looking for value. With all the overpriced places in Vegas, it's nice to find one that still has a good deal. The quality of the product is not the best, but for $2 how can you complain? We make sure to stop in here on all our trips to Vegas. It is in the very back of Bally and worth the trek to get there. The margaritas are not the best, but they are cold, cheap and get the job done. Tacos are also nothing special, but they are fresh and tasty. We usually come in the afternoon and have a few drinks and a little snack to hold us until dinner. Great place if you are looking to get drunk, full or both for cheap.
5	Stayed at Ballys for the first time and tried out this restaurant since my girls and I got really hungry after checking in. We got the the El Jefe's Grande Nacho. This plate was ginormous. There were five of us girls and we didn't even finish half of it! OMG so I would definitely recommend to get this for a party of 7 or 8 people! Overall, it was really good! I love the guacamole, sour cream and we got it half chicken and half beef. So yummy! GO HERE for nachos!
1	Such a dump, the servers are unprofessional, place is dark and dirty. The tabled have the paint scratched off, I saw several people sit down and leave. I got a drink and it was awful, got an almost $20 thing of nachos that were HUGE, but was mostly chips with some beans and hidden little chunks of chicken (dark meat) and a small scoop of guac.Don't go here, walk to Paris or another place, even McDonalds would have been better.
4	I've been here a few times over the years and its a great place for those on a budget. $2 tacos, $3 modelo drafts and $2 margaritas and tequila shots. The tacos are kinda small and nothing extraordinary but they do the job when you have the munches after a long night in Vegas...and they're only $2 each so definitely worth it. Try it out! You won't regret it!
2	For some reason I was mad craving tacos so I checked on Yelp and found this was the closest one that was open. This eatery is located at the back of the Bally's casino, next to the new Drai's location. It is a pretty big space... we opted to sit at the bar and order some grub. I got 3 shredded beef tacos and my friend got an order of fries and a tall Bud Lite. The fries were pretty standard, and the tall Bud Light I believe was like $6... pretty good deal! The tacos were $2 each, but really really blehhhhh. No flavor whatsoever. I ate all three anyways because I was super hungry. Overall, it was an okay spot that is open late with good prices... next time I'll try to find another taco spot before coming here. Thanks!
4	This was a great find especially on that end of the strip. Getting to the bar was challenging but it fit our needs perfect. - a cheap inexpensive snack to hold us over. We got the $3 beer and $2 margueritas which for the price was great. The $2 tacos were good I liked the steak over chicken and didn't care for the chili sauce and I was expecting just beef and shell but they were a good sizes served with toppings. Service was fast and friendly. Nice cheap stop.
4	Tucked away in the back of the Bally's is the rarely crowded Tequila Bar.  Popular for the $2 tequila shots, $3 draft beers and cheap tacos that people stumble in to chug back before heading out to the casino floor or night club, often overlooked are the stellar entrees.  Sure, you're going to pay full price, but they make it worth it.  Especially delectable is the carne asada plate.  Marinated just right, slathered with chimichuri and cheese, it is among the best out there.  The carne asada sits atop a savory plate of black beans, lime seasoned rice and sweet plantains.  For desert, skip the cheap Jose Cuervo swill and ask the bartender for a good tequila recommendation; you won't be disappointed.
3	A friend of mine works nearby and invited me to lunch here a couple weeks ago. I enjoyed my burger so while on a staycation at Paris, I wanted to bring my wife here (located inside Ballys) to try these huge ass nachos I saw on my previous visit. The burger I had a couple weeks ago was the Tequila Bar Open Range Cheeseburger. The $12 price tag included fries. It was simple having lettuce, tomato and red onion but hit the spot.The fries were cooked a tad too crispy and even though our server was nice it took forever for the food to come.The last visit My wife and I shared an order of El Jefe's Nachos Grande. Without your rewards card the nachos are $18 and meant to be shared. My picture came out blurry but man this was a big plate of nachos. The nachos were only okay. More chips than toppings. I think it is the size that makes people interested in trying it. Like a gimick to get you talking. Like my first visit the nachos took forever to come out. This place is just average. Look for the groupon so it is worth it.
3	Food was average and a little on the expensive side even for vegas. My wife loved the mojitos, drinks were good. May give this place another try. Maybe the food will be better next time.
4	Two words people...HAPPY HOUR.  Husband enjoyed two margaritas for just two bucks each.  My iced tea was 3.99.  Now who got the better deal?  Seriously, they were GOOD margaritas, and not chintzy on the booze.  Can't attest to any food, but our stop-in-and-get-a-great-drink-deal experience was a very good one.  Bartender was very friendly!
4	The tequila bar is a great little place! We come here almost everytime we are in Vegas because it is such a great deal and has very quick service! They have $2 tacos and $2 margaritas!! This is probably the best deal on the strip!! You can choose from shredded beef or shredded chicken and they come with cheese, lettuce, salsa, tomatoes and sour cream. The margaritas are pretty big, probably the size of a solo cup, definitely worth the $2. They also have a queso fundido dip that is EXCELLENT!!PROS: The $2 deal is the best! There is a 2nd deal for $14 that is 3 tacos and an order of nachos. The nachos are insane!! The plate is overflowing and is probably enough for 4 people to eat off of! Great deal!CONS: This is not a glamorous place by any means, its a simple little restaurant no bright lights or anything like that. If your looking for a place to be seen and get dressed up this is not your joint. TIPS: If you are in Vegas without a Total Rewards card your crazy! Everywhere you go (that is a Total Rewards owned property) you can earn comps with it and most places give you a discount as well. It's free to sign up so why not. The tequila bar is another place that offers you a discount if you have a total rewards card so be sure you bring it!
1	Honestly it was location that made it convenient for me to eat here.  I had the Adobo chilaquiles and honestly the chips and salsa was better than the entree that wasn't worth the cost.  But of course it's Vegas and nothing's cheap but of course you'd hope to have quality food to match the price.  It's not that great at all, perhaps the alcohol can fade out the quality of food when drunk but if on a sober note you come here, have a beer, chips and salsa if you have to.
1	Not that I am expert in Mexican Food....although I do give credit to my moms cooking for these 50 additional pounds. This bar is in a hotel. This bar tequila is not of any quality. Want a hangover? Get it here. Want quality tequila and NOT get a hangover...see my review for the Venetian tequila bar. The food gave me food poisoning. The tequila was cheap. The workers try hard and are running like crazy to ensure they meet everyone's orders. Good workers....but management need to watch Restaurant Impossible to reflect on their purpose. Hope to return....
3	Very nice people and services. I ordered to-go of wings and chips. wings are deep fries, not bad. Chips come with house salsa. I don't like the salsa which is chili but no tomato or other veggie which made it not really good with chips.
1	Can't really comment on the food since we were never served after sitting at a table for 15 minutes with not a peep of service. It was not that busy, a waitress saw me grabbing menus from another table since nobody gave us any, and the waitresses were all walking around cluelessly as they ignored us. No drinks, no menus, no service = F- We left and ate Italian instead. Save your time and eat somewhere you'll be paid attention to.
5	$2 tequila shots, $2 margaritas, $2 tacos. Since we were staying at Bally's, we stopped here several times throughout the week. Friendly service, good drinks and decent food each time we went. The tacos were actually delicious, and the queso fundido dip is great as well (don't worry, I ate them while sober once- they're actually good! Granted, even better when drunk).
4	Ive only been here (multiple times) after a long night/early morning of drinking and have always order the El Hefe Nachos. They feed about 4-5 people easy and are only about $16. A hidden gem inside Ballys! If you love nachos...go! I believe they are only offered on the late night menu between midnight and 6am.I would give a 5th star if they had more late night employees as it seems to always be only 2 servers for about 20 tables.
3	Food was ok. Price was pretty reasonable. Spend some more somewhere else for a better meal.
4	Open 24 hours (most of the time, they shut down for a few hours in the wee morning to clean up) and $2 tacos!!! What? Yeah, you read that right. $2 tacos! (minimum of 2 in chicken or beef)They have a lot of alcohol specials from $2-$3. I had a strawberry margarita for $3. This is if you sit at the bar only though. And the bartender we had was really nice. Definitely check it out if you're in Vegas and strapped for cash. So worth it for a quick, delicious meal and drinks.
2	If you want reasonable, come here. If you want Mexican go sine where else. ...bland, bland, bland
5	CHEAP & open late. Best combo! Wandered in her after a night out. Cheap tacos, cheap breakfast food. Is it an AMAZING place to eat? No. Will it hit the spot at 3 am and not disappoint? YES!
4	Ordered the grande nachos. HUGE! Eating vegetarian in Vegas is usually easy.. So I asked if there was a way to make the nachos vegetarian and indeed there was. You can have them put the meat on the side, which works great if you're with people that do eat meat. My parents chose the chicken and said it was flavorful and cooked well. They we're definitely worth trying. I was also told you can order tacos with beans instead of meat and they have a vegetable wrap :) *My mom wanted to get breakfast and ordered scrambled eggs with cheese, home fries and sausage patties with sourdough toast. She said it was just a normal breakfast. Tasty but nothing special.
5	Do not skip this place! In a place where you can spend your money anywhere, this is the hidden gem in the strip!!! Awesome $2 Tacos... Cheap prices drinks/shots... Awesome bartenders... Try to go when H.L. Is working... He makes the experience all the better, best bartender we experienced our while trip, and that's saying a lot. The food is flavorful, drinks are cold, an the bathroom is not far away! :-) Our chips were warm and fresh, Tacos flavorful.. (I got beef and chicken) If you go and plan on drinking (I hope you do!) please try the infusion tequila... It may seem A bit pricey at $7...but what you don't know is that it comes with a plate of cut up fruit that has been soaking in tequila... The shot itself has absorbed all of the fruit juices... So it honestly tastes like candy... With no tequila burn... The fruit... The fruit... Is where it gets fun... It has absorbed all if the tequila burn and flavor, so each piece is like it's own shot... And you will feel it after a few minutes... Super fun experience! We went two times and each time spent hours eating and drinking... And both times are bill was less than 40 bucks... And that's with the $7 shots... What I'm saying is... U can have a GREAT time for under 20 bucks! To end the review... Please so not walk by Bally's and not go here... And please seek out the great and wise H.L.... He will take care if you!!! (make sure and tell him his new Minnesota friends actually put a review on Yelp!!)
5	My boyfriend and I almost ordered the "el jefe nachos" but luckily the waiter warned us that the plate is way way way too big for two people and that for a few dollars LESS we could get a smaller plate of nachos plus three tacos! The tacos cannot be mix&matched so I ordered one extra chicken taco for $2. So the food comes out and the plate of nachos is still big enough for a table of 5. I could barely believe this wasn't the largest one, definitely didn't need that extra taco. Everything was really good! Also, this was around 3:30AM so we were surprised to find something so good still open.
1	The one star is for Doc, the only good thing about this place. We went here twice during our stay at Ballys because it was convenient. The first time I orders a dish with braised beef. It was so fatty I didn't eat one bite of the four pieces on my plate. The second time we went the service was slow and the waitress was horribly rude! She was impatient and bothered because our party of 8 needed separate checks. Seems that would be implied but I guess not for her. The food is sub par and the staff seems like they would rather not work with the public. My suggestion, save yourself the wait and money and go downstairs to the subway!
4	We went here for the $2 tacos and were pleasantly surprised at how delicious they were! We ended up going back the next day for more!Food was good and who can beat $2?!?! Definitely get the shredded beef and not the chicken (the chicken was just kind of bland).The first day the service was terrible, disorganized and we seemed to be at an invisible table. Also, the ice tea was like $4. For iced tea? Ridiculous. The next day the service was MUCH better.Great place for a cheap snack!
4	If you're looking to eat and not spend what slot machine money you have left...try Tequila Bar and Grill.  It's not fancy, but you can get a ton of food for cheap.We split the 1/2 beef nachos and had over half left.  I think it was around $13 for the nachos, which came with 3 big street tacos.  A pitcher of beer was $9.  A great deal, especially if you're on the strip and don't want to shell out a bunch of money on something quick to eat.Chips were crispy, they used real cheese, guac was fresh (not brown), salsa was tasty.Give it a go.
4	I ordered my dinner as take-out so that I could go back to my room and work, because I'm lame like that (no judgment).  While I waited, I tried the $2 margarita and it wasn't too shabby. I would have liked it to be a little less sweet with a lot more tequila, but hey it was $2!  The grilled fish tacos were just perfect. The portion was huge and I couldn't finish it (which made me really wish that the hotel room had a mini fridge). I might just go back tomorrow night!
3	Can't beat the $2 tacos, and the rest of the food is well portioned for the cost. We went there 3 times and 2 times they were terribly understaffed. My husband and I made the mistake of sitting at a table the first time and then sat at the bar the two times thereafter. A lot of customers at the tables came up to the bar to order and the bartender refused to serve them and said they had to wait for the waiter/waitress. Even after the customers said no one has come by in 20 minutes, the bartender wouldn't serve them (this was our problem during the first visit too). They also have the best selection of tequila out of many of the tequila bars we went too. They had my husband's favorite, corralejo, which we couldn't find anywhere else. I found it curious that the bartender kept pushing $2 Jose Silver shots even when customers came up requesting better quality and more expensive tequilas.
2	I've come to this restaurant once before and their food was amazing. Pricing is great and the service was so so. My last trip here, I was very disappointed. They had changed their whole menu and ingredients. I was also told that they don't serve burritos here. I was confused. I'm from California and the last thing a Mexican food place lacks is it's burrito selection. By the time you get your low quality food, you're not hungry anymore. Our sever didn't care that my group and I were dissatisfied she just rolled her eyes at any request from us. It's sad because we considered this little place a hidden gem. Boo!
5	This is a great place for frugal folks like myself to go for taco's and drinks.  They are not traditional taco's however they are very good eats.  Drink specials are great. I will definitely return.     Enjoy
3	Stopped by for a late lunch because we couldn't decide to eat. Its a bit pricey for the food that was served. I got a hippie wrap that was mediocre but I tried my friends fish taco and it was very good!
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE! Waited 20 min or so and that's because my boyfriend finally went up to someone to take our order. Which the server took forever to come to us and took forever to punch in our order! Mind you it was not busy at all. There were people who came after us who was helped first. Unbelievable.
5	A must if you happen to be in Bally's and in need of a quick bite that won't break the bank.  $14 for a huge plate of beef or chicken nachos with three tacos of your choice included, has got to be the best deal on the strip.  Follow that up with $3 modelo drafts and the must have infused tequila shots and expect to leave full and hammered for under $50 total for two people.
4	awesome tacos and beer place
5	Ok so Jordan is amazing beyond amazing. But then we met H.L.  And it hit the roof!! If you get the pleasure of meeting either you are very lucky!! $2 tacos and $2 margaritas
4	very good $2 tacos awesome chips and salsa. great service.5 tacos chips and salsa and a root beer. $15 great deal
2	Just settled in our hotel at Ballys and we wanted a bite to eat at 1am and found this place next to a night club. It was fun watching all the interesting people party next door.The wait staff was very attentive and our food came in approx 15 minutes.I ordered the fish tacos and it was three little tortillas and the fish was marinated in some kind of red sauce/spices. They were topped with a little salsa, cilantro, and a dollop of sour cream. It was just okay...I was really starving and just wolfed it all down.My wife had the adobo marinated pork chiliquilis with two easy over eggs. She said it was okay and I tasted her dish and I agreed with her. Overall it was just an okay meal, the food lacked flavor, but again the wait staff was great.Sorry, but I will not be coming here anytime soon.
4	My wife and I hit up this place last night when trying to find something to eat at Ballys. The staff was very friendly. And I get the food out to you quickly. We ended up ordering wings, nachos, and tacos... With a few drinks of course :)The nachos could definitely feed two ppl! The food overall was good. But no wow factor :-/ Something we found quite enjoyable were there fishbowl margaritas and tequila sunrise!
4	I discovered this place when searching for affordable, decent Mexican food on the strip. My mom and I had been enjoying our fair share of fine dining...so we had lunch here. First, it's in Bally's. Poor, old, Bally's. It smells like baby powder and smoke and is a nightmare to walk through. This place is hidden just off the casino floor and across from the first (?) gay dance club on the strip (kudos to you Bally's!). It looks like an airport restaurant. Staff is surly but charming. They have a little flag on each table, so when you want something, you hoist the flag and they come over to serve you. I had delicious red snapper tacos - seriously tasty. We had chips and queso (HUGE portion, too much for us) and my mom had taco truck style tacos. She was pleased. Cheap beer prices for Vegas and you can get your Mexican beer favorites. Writing this review has me craving those tacos again.
4	Nice spot to get a meal and fun drinks. If you win big or lose horribly gambling come get a fish bowl and get trashed . Great wings and tacos! Bartenders are down to earth.
