5	Wow where do I start with the good old Twin Peaks!Me and my boys were in Vegas March 6th-11th 2013. We came here literally every night of the trip. This is where we came to just get some beers and shots in our system before heading out to the club or wherever else. This place is just amazing! The girls here are all dimes. There is seriously no girl less than a 10 here. Our main bartenders were Amber and "Kentucky" as my friends call her lol. She is super nice/hot and remembered us every day we came in. She already knew what I wanted right when I came in every time. Soon as I sat down she would go get me a Dirty Blonde beer. Speaking of Dirty blonde beer. They have 2 house beers. One is called the Dirty Blonde and the other is called Notty Brunette. They are both really really good!! The dirty blonde is like a citrus beer and reminds you a lot of blue moon. The notty brunette is like a mocha/chocolate beer. Both are excellent but the dirty blonde was my favorite by far. Now the girls will ask you if you want man size or girl size........MEN.....for the love of god, don't order a girl size LMAO!!! You never order a girl sized beer from a hot chick EVER!!! haha. Man size is the only option really lol. This place has all the type of girls you like also. Blondes, brunettes, short, tall, etc.. They have some of the best chicken tenders in Vegas after Canes of course. The honey mustard sauce is so bomb!! I ordered it every day I was there lol. The girls here are super nice. They were happy to talk to me and my friends and take pictures and stuff with us. Just a really fun atmosphere. Hooters has nothing on this place at all. Not even close to be honest. Of course Amber was my favorite there. I'm a sucker for blondes so it was easy for me. There are like 3 floors and there is a great view of the strip if you go up to the 3rd floor. Tons of girls working on all the floors also. Swear they had like 50 chicks working on saturday wearing those cute plaid uniforms they wear. There is a rock climbing wall but none of my boys had the guts to do it lol. We were way too drunk to do the wall. Saw people doing it and it looked like they had fun. Seriously if you are hungry or just need a drink in Vegas then this is the place to go. Got everything you need at this place. I love it and me and my boys made this the go to spot for us to hang out and pre game. Forget pre gaming in your hotel room or some regular bar in a casino. Come to Twin Peaks and look at hot chicks that are also friendly and
5	We were in a group of 5 for the WPPI 2013 Photography Convention at the MGM, we were looking to get out and have a good meal with good service when we came upon Twin Peaks Las Vegas.  We had waitress Peyton from Frisco TX, she was fabulous! We couldn't have gotten better service.  She was the best waitress we had the entire week we were in Vegas for the Convention.  She was on top of getting us drinks and re-filling our nachos that we got as an app.  She gave us some good input on where to go around town and what do to.  She was friendly and helpful. Then our food came out right after and it was fantastic.  Burgers and fish tacos, excellent! Highly recommend visiting Twin Peaks when your in town and highly recommend asking for Peyton and you won't be disappointed. -Members of the A Photographic Memory from Manchester, NH
1	My wife took me there for my birthday.  Service was horrible!  We had to wait 15 minutes for a waiter to acknowledge us and a total of 40 minutes before we received our salad and soup.  The manager was just as poor as the waiter.  They both gave us different stories for the delays.  Will NEVER eat there again.  Food was average.
4	This place is HUGE!  3 stories and all three were packed. The bar on the 3rd floor (can't say about the rest) was packed with plenty of TVs for March Madness viewing.Bambi our waitress was exactly what you would expect, friendly and gorgeous. Great service and she never missed a beat!  The rock climbing wall was always full and half of the time the girls were kicking the guys @$$ up the wall.  The food was actually pretty good for this type of venue and puts Hooter's to shame on quality.  The prices were a little higher than I thought, but it is a tourist hot spot on the strip, so if you don't want to spend a little more for the experience, don't go.All in all...it was a great place for a guys night out and my friend has already decided we are going back for his upcoming birthday!
5	Love this place!!!It is like Hooters but much better. Great food, Great Price, Great beer. Lots of TVs, Rock Climbing wall and the service is excellent.
4	If today was Halloween and every girl dressed up as a slutty lumberjack, that's about what the staff at Twin Peaks looks like.The place is enormous - three stories with awesome TVs everywhere.  There is a rock climbing wall where you can occasionally catch a scantily-clad girl shimmying her way up.  There are tons of windows facing the strip.  There are side balconies and rooms for private parties.  All told, this place is great for watching a game, watching the strip, or just watching the staff.To be fair, I did not have any food.  I only had some beer - their Blonde beer which is basically blue moon.  The taps have a temperature gauge on them to tell you how cold the beer is - proven by the mini icebergs floating in the mug.  The girl-size beer is a joke, dont even bother.Our waitress was very pleasant.  She laughed and joked with us, and generally didnt seem phased that she was dressed like the trampy younger sister of Paul Bunyan.  Overall this place looks like it could be a lot of fun to catch a game.  The food smelled good, although strip-priced.I'll definitely check this out again, probably when my dad is in town.  This is pretty much exactly where to take your dad when your mom is at the spa.
3	Not the best, not the worst.. everything tasted great and the servers were all scantily clad in flannel tops cropped below their boobies, and shorty short shorts.. so if that's a reason to go.. you're all good. We started with a beer, and two margaritas. The 22 oz 'MAN SIZE' beer is $9.. the regular pint-glass sized margarita.. was $20. Yeah.. we found that out at the end of the meal. Wasn't a bad margarita, didn't taste like a $20 margarita though. I am aware that balancing the cocktail comes into play, thus not tasting too strong or too weak.. but one shot of tequila in a pint glass makes for a slightly weak, unbalanced margarita. So on to the food. Most prices are $20 and under for entrees.. good sized portions and quality tastes. We started with the mini Bratwurst, called the 'AVERAGE JOE'S', I believe. 3 to an order, 3 of us, so good to share for a hungry group as we expected the main course to be filling. It was.   I had Pot Roast, perfect.. hard to mess that up, but if they did it would be a disaster. It was well cooked, not over cooked, and delicious. My two dinner companions had a Pablano Chicken Sandwich and the other, had a burger.. called the 'Twin Burger' . Both were really big sandwiches and both were served with Steak Fries. (I LOVE steak fries.. these were all under-cooked and not crispy.. ) We also ordered two small sides of mac and cheese that had bacon crumbles on them.. very good, nicely al dente.. not soggy and plenty of good cheese. These were like $2 sides are were plenty due to everything else we were eating. All in all, if you are there, near Planet Hollywood.. check it out. It's not expensive, nothing to really wow you.. but nothing bad about the food. Filling and good. My only real complaint was the $20 Margaritas. (See Photo)Happy Eating!
3	This place had a fun vibe, much more upscale version of a hooters atmosphere. The menu is not too big, so easy to choose. Food was good, beer choices were great and decently priced. Good place for a group of bachelors! Wouldn't recommend ordering mixed drinks as they are highly over priced. We ordered margaritas and they ended up being $20 a drink.
3	Very limited menu. Kind of ridiculous, like Hooters. If you want every girl to act like they're in love with you and your very own personal stripper, you might like it. They know what they're doing and how to get big tips from those guys though! It's 3 stories tall which is pretty cool, the view from the top floor overlooking the strip is pretty awesome actually. They also have a random rock climbing wall in the center of the place. Beer is priced sky-high for the "man-sized" mug (that's how they get these fools to pay more, because they wouldnt want to order the smaller, less expensive size if it's called "girl-sized). They also serve the beer on top at 29 degrees or something which is pretty awesome, You get a hint of a beer slushy at the beginning.This would be a great place to have a drink, watch the game, and hang out with friends... If not for the over the top (not in a good way) service.
4	We came here multiple times on my bachelor party last weekend. It's perfect for a couple of beers with the guys while the game is on.There are also GREAT views of the strip from the top floor. You're sure to get a seat and the service was great, all the waitresses were very friendly and helpful. There is also a climbing wall, a quirky feature i though was a pretty cool idea. If you get a beer, make sure you go for 'Vegas Size'. You won't regret it.
3	This is a great new chain which i first found in Texas.  The working girls are young and mostly hot.  The food is good for a sports bar with hot chicks.  In Texas i found the food to be exceptionally good - every single thing the menu.  Here i found the food a couple notches below that but still very decent.  They do a great job to create a party atmosphere.
2	Went in to see if a friend of mine was working that evening (she wasn't).  After a couple of $18 Lynchburg Lemonades (prices which were conveniently not displayed on the menu), I left feeling like Jodie Foster in "The Accused."  The bartender Courtenay was friendly and extremely attentive; so, this review is certainly not based on service.  Rather, Courtenay's service is why Twin Peaks is getting 2 Stars rather than one.  The pricing was a definite reminder as to why, as I local, I've learned to avoid The Strip.
3	Large restaurant in a great location. I have been twice and prefer the top level  where it is open and you have a strip view. Staff is friendly. Menu is lacking. They really, really should add some more variety to the menu. The pork nachos for example, why not have a chicken version? They do have chicken on the menu, so just makes no sense to me, i'm pretty sure people would order it. The pork nachos we had was $12 bucks and lacked a decent amount of pork, piled high with nachos and very , very messy to eat as the nachos keep falling off the tiny plate they serve it on. The burgers and fries are good. Overall a great place to get a beer, eat a burger and watch sports. They just really need to add a better variety of food to the menu. For an outdoor themed restaurant, with all the damn stuffed deer and moose heads mounted to the wall, they should at least offer a rib entree?. The price for the wings is way ridiculous, pretty much a $1 a wing, whatever.
5	I want to meet the red-blooded American who can give Twin Peaks less than 5 stars?!?!  I already had high expectations because some friends had been here shortly after opening and the group of guys had a blast.  Personally, I've never been a fan of the gimmicky-restaurant (Hard Rock, Planet Hollywood, Hooters, etc), so I wasn't expecting more than gratuitous T&A with barely-edible food.  I'd much rather go to a hole-in-the-wall dive that has great food and great service.   But then there's Twin Peaks...We went today for lunch and had a little trouble finding the restaurant...at least the parking.  Twin Peaks is located on the 2nd floor of a building on Harmon & Las Vegas Blvd - right across from Aria.  We ended up parking in Planet Hollywood Casino and walking over.  Not sure whether that's the best option, but I don't believe they have their own parking.Once we arrived, we were greeted by a few beautiful girls in short-shorts and tiny plaid shirts.  The girls had big smiles and sat us in the awesome patio that overlooks the strip.We probably had 7-8 different servers (all beautiful girls) stop by our table when walking by, greeting us with smiles, and asking how we were.  The service here was probably the best service I've experienced in years.  No joke.  It could've been 7-8 ugly dudes and it still would've been outstanding service.  The fact that it happened to be a bunch of beautiful ladies...well that's just bonus!!The food was great as well.  We enjoyed the Blackened Fish Tacos, Buffalo Wings, Steak Sliders, and Smokehouse Burger.  Good portions and delicious food at reasonable prices.  Interestingly there were many groups of ladies who came to the restaurant, which is great because it's not a dude-fest.  I will be back for the food, for the atmosphere, and for the beautiful view!!!  Haha
4	The name says it all.  A refreshing alternative to Hooters. The staff is friendly and enthusiastic.  Food not too bad. Plus the Dubs eliminated the Nuggets from the playoffs on my inaugural trip to the Peaks...
4	Love this place! BEST AND COLDEST BEERS in Vegas! It is my (and my husband's) new favorite place to watch sports! And who doesn't love an AWESOME cold beer while watching your favorite sports team?! Their hot wings are great, hamburgers are super yummy, flavorful, and juicy. We've been here at least 3 times in the last week...especially since it's hockey playoff season! ;)
4	Ahh my first "Breastaurant". And it was pretty darn satisfying. The place is new with a northwest hunting lodge motif. 2 stories, with the second story having an open deck and awesome view of the strip. The food was actually decent, better than most chains and I had a HUGE chicken poblano sandwich for $10.95. Oh did I forget to mention the place is staffed by tiny, super friendly, half naked tree-nymphs ? Seeing is believing. Stay thirsty my friends.
5	I've never felt so insecure in my life.If I ever got to Vegas with a boyfriend, I wouldn't take him here. All the waitresses have bangin' bodies & are suuuuuper friendly.Being a CRM myself, I know that implementing processes & having your employees convict to making sure that it gets done is a hard thing but Twin Peaks has done just that. You can tell that their employees enjoy working there & take pride in the service they provide. Quite refreshing if you ask me. OKay .. enough about processes & what-not.Again, I gave up meat for Lent so I ordered the Chipotle Queso & Chips. It was yummy. We were checked on by several different waitresses to make sure everything was fine. We sat outside on the deck because we wanted to enjoy the view. All in all I recommend!
3	I became aware of this chain on Facebook and had been following this location during their construction and opening as I knew I'd like to check it out next Vegas trip (fan of Tilted Kilt for example). My next trip was last week and I stopped in here for Lunch early in the week.Fairly small entrance on one end of the 2nd floor of the Harmon Corner building, which contains several bars and restaurants. Girls doing the hula hoop thing (think Hooters) as I enter. Must keep them in shape as there were some tight abs in those midriff exposing outfits. I was solo and the hostess suggested the bar. I declined as I was hoping this was a Tilted Kilt type model where the girls stop and chat when they're not busy.So we headed up to the top floor (there was an intermediate floor which wasn't open). Quite spacious with a large bar. I declined sitting on the outside balcony as it was 101 F outside, misters or not!There were 3-4 girls serving and hanging with a large group of guys on the enclosed (glassed in) balcony. Thought this was a good sign. Turned out my server was one of those and she stopped by. Cute, tiny latina. I should mention that all the girls were petite with some quite tiny in stature. No statuesque or curvy girls in the house that afternoon!Server discussed their house beers and brought me some samples. I chose the Dirty Blonde which is similar to a Blue Moon I was told (although no orange offered, so I wonder). I was quite good and I went with the "Man size", 22 oz (after some coaxing and battting of the eyelashes by my server).Another server stopped by and chatted for a bit and filled me in a little on the place. I wasn't too hungry and ordered the quesadillas.This is where things went South. Food was brought out and was quite good but no one checked on my until I was 85% complete with eating it. Girls largely disappeared. Only thing I can think of is they have the climbing wall and apparently a female customer was scaling it. Lots of hootering and hollering throughout the place. But shouldn't the focus of the servers be on SERVING as opposed to cheering a single customer's attempt at an athletic feat? I guess not.Even when that was over the servers were few and far between. Hanging in the kitchen? Taking a smoke break? Trying to entice more customers into the store (wouldn't know as that's two floors below)?They apparently have theme weeks, with a lingerie one coming up. I'd give them another try but management needs to run a tighter ship service wise, There are many, many options in Vegas.
5	First visit was awesome. Angel are waitress was super cute and nice and gave wonderful service. We came back the next night and service not that great. Our waitress kept hanging out at a table with her friends and she didn't appear to be on break. One if my pet peeves  come to work and work. Food awesome. Great atmosphere and view of the strip from the upstairs level
3	Food was good. I had a burger & fries. Girls were very attractive and friendly. Wasn't anything too special though for lunch
4	Bartenders were wonderful and no not just to look at, although that was nice too. Still very friendly. Had some very good local brews, never ate just came here for sports and drinking. The drinks were very good as was the atmosphere and people. Very down to earth and good conversation.
4	Perfectly located for people-watching the disaster that is the Vegas Strip.  Grab a beer and watch the spectacle that unfolds below you from the 2nd floor balcony.  The appetizers are HUGE.  Way bigger than they need to be (we ordered the fried pickles).  One can easily be shared by 4 people and everyone will have plenty.  The wings are good.  The service is good.  The views are... fantastic... everywhere.
5	A new place to check out mid-strip?  Sure.  Why not?  I was a little surprised at the limited choices on the menu, but there were still a few items that sounded good.  I wound up eating the fish tacos, and my wife had the chipotle chicken.   Holy shit was the food good.  WAY better than I expected from a restaurant whose main attraction is T&A.  I guess you could say this place is more Tilted Kilt than Hooters.   I don't remember how much the beer cost, but it was advertised as coming out of the tap at 29 degrees.  I didn't bother to check that number, but I do know it was damn cold and tasted great on a 100-degree day.
3	We sat outside and had a bird's eye view IOC people on the strip. Made for good conversation. They also had the misting machines going. It was hot but not annoying. Our server was nice. Didn't hover at all. It's sorta like a hooters for lumberjacks. They sell the "tops" the servers wear. We came here for lunch in the day of a UFC fight.  The hostess told us if we states for the fight we'd have to pay a $15.00 cover ( soooo Vegas). We didn't stay nor did we plan to stay. I had the quesadillas and enjoyed then because they came with a blk bean pico de gallo and were seasoned well. It's an app not an entree but it was more than enough for me. My husband had the fish tacos which he liked. Not sure what kind of fish or was but he liked them. I felt like it took a whole for the food to come out but inguessvthat means they somewhat actually cooked it. The women's bathroom was clean and had 3 options for drying your hands. I thought that was interesting. Small menu.
3	This is a place you come for the view and stay for the beer. The food is terrible. That said, my husband works nearby and has lunch often with coworkers. While the restaurant does have awesome strip views to people watch, that's not what I meant by view. I meant the smoking hot ladies. That's why the fellas keep comin' back even though the food is terrible.I finally experienced it for myself before catching a concert at Cosmo. We came in for beers and shared the mozzarella sticks and nachos. The guys have tried most everything and declare these most edible. The nachos are huge. They're decent, but I didn't care for the sweet bbq sauce and the quality overall was pretty cheap. The mozzarella sticks were pretty good. I'd get them again. Lightly breaded thick gooey cheese and a decent marinara sauce for dipping. The real winner here is the beer. We all had the manly sized dirty blondes. It's served at 29-degrees and you'll get ice crystals your first few sips. Not all beer is good so cold, but this hits the spot.The ladies weren't as friendly to me as to the guys I was with, but they know who their target audience is. They are well trained to part men with their money. I could do without the sales pitch for golf gear, tshirts and whatnot. Just bring my beer and make it quick. Unfortunately, the bartenders were painfully slow on my visit. Hopefully, that's not the norm.
4	Came here to watch the nba finals game 7.  Get here early to avoid the wait during big sporting events. Our group had to wait an hour to get in which was fine because there's a margarita bar next door with TVs too.  We got a seat with its own tv which was cool.  The staff here are very eye appealing and have a great attitudes.  As for the food we ordered appetizers and didn't expect the portions to be so huge.  The taste however was just ok.
4	I'd like to give it more than 3 stars but...We ended up going to Twin Peaks twice in our recent stay in Las Vegas (the first to watch the Tigers and have a few beers before we went to play in a poker tournament, I came in 2nd in that one :) the second at the end of a late night).  I've described the bar to a friend as "Hooters except Awesome".  The positives:  The bar has a number of TV screens on each side of the bar that you should be able to catch a game that interests you (in addition one screen plays an internal channel that shows various funny "catch on tape" incidents as well as various profiles of attractive Twin Peaks girls in-between).  The beer is advertised as coming out below freezing (with a nice little electronic sign showing the temperature that the beer is coming out at) which worked well.  Considering that the attraction is pretty much T&A I have to say that the bartenders we had each night were very, very good with the customer service.  In addition, craft beer fans, the company apparently makes at least 2 of its own beers, which are choices ("The Dirty Blonde" which is like a Summer or Hefe, and the "Naughty Brunette" which is a darker beer, I liked the darker better).  Also, its kind of neat but they do have rock climbing walls on one side of the bar and you can have Twin Peaks girls cheering you on as you climb (no, I've never climbed them, still thought it worth mentioning)The negatives:  $10 a beer?  Serious sticker shock.I can't tell you about the food as we used this as a sports bar to watch the Tigers and have a good time at either the beginning or the end of the night.  I'm giving it 4 stars because I apparently can't rate it 3.5 and its a better time than 3 stars.  Would I go again?  Yeah, because this is a pretty good place to watch sports in Las Vegas and this was actually the second best time I had as a nightspot on my vacation.This place is located on the recent upper level construction that is on the side of Planet Hollywood with the Evening Call, Bubba Gump Shrimp, Eli Roth's haunted house along with others and is not (as far as I know) accessible from inside the Casino itself.  I thought I'd add that as many reviews are not super specific on its location.
3	Been here a few times to drink, enjoy the view and watch sports on their numerous large flat screen TVs.  On this day I had to wait a little too long to be served.  The bartender apologized and informed me that several bartenders, servers, barbacks and kitchen staff had called in "sick" today (EDC Weekend). I finally had a chance to sample the food yesterday. Tried the Pulled Pork Nachos.  Nice size portion, however, very skimpy on the meat and cheese.  Also their barbecue sauce was way too cold & SWEET.  Only the nachos on the top were luke warm as I worked my way down they got colder and colder.  The cheese was cold and not melted at all.I told the bartender I wasn't very happy with the food, so the manager came over and offered to remake them or take them off the bill. I chose the latter.2 Stars for food, 3 for Customer Service
2	Server: Judy... What on earth would possess you to stop taking our order to check your phone and say "people keep calling me, leave me alone!!" Really? We probably wouldn't have known your phone was even ringing until you drew attention to it. Worst idea ever to do when your working for tips and serving a table full of locals in the industry! Not what a company wants representing them! If your gonna sneakily have your phone on you, the best idea would not be to bring it out at your table and in the middle of taking their order!!!!! Picking my jaw up off the ground and probably won't be back.
3	People probably come here for the atmosphere, but as for the food its mediocre. I got the chicken fried steak, the portion was huge! Largest piece of chicken fried steak I've ever seen, however they ran out of gravy and barely had any gravy on my plate, that really lost my there on how they could run out of gravy. The waitress was nice, but not the most attentive server though.
5	Try the house brews and climb the rock wall. We were in Vegas, it was hot as could be one summer day in Vegas and walking by Planet Hollywood we decided enough was enough and we needed a beer.Enter Twin Peaks. It's a fun place. It's got a ton of screens and if the bottom floor is full, fear not, they've got an upstairs area. The beer is kept below freezing (couldn't quite figure it out) but it was good. I didn't try any of the food, but we had a great time there watching some sports, watching customers scale the rock climbing wall, and just escaping the Vegas heat!
3	Oh Twin Peaks Vegas, how I wanted to like you more.  The beer selection is slightly better than I had feared.  You close down the area of your restaurant with a view of the strip unless it is Friday or Saturday, you charge $10 for a beer.  It was from San Francisco Bay Area....not even local.  No such thing as happy hour here.Your recommended mozzarella a sticks were limp and flat, both in taste and appearance.   I was about ready to leave and then a strange thing happened.....you changed shifts.  I got here just around 5.  Once the dinner crowd workers and customers started coming in, I disliked you less.You started climbing walls, and shaming grown men.....but so did 15 year old boys.I decided to put your faults behind us all, an give you another go.  At the suggestion of another customer, not you staff, I tried the trout.  Oh my goodness, that was pretty darn good.  Having caught a trout myself last week and cooking it, yours was better.The beer temp fluctuated between 27. Something and 32 degrees.  I'm happy to see your beer temps did not fall too low, for too long, to separate the ingredients.As the night went on, I almost enjoyed myself....until I discovered my siphoned wallet, but that is Vegas, not you.Between here and the Phoenix location I've been to, I give you three peaks.  I almost gave you twin peaks, but you pulled pulled out some surprises like Total Recall to make it three peaks.
4	So you're in Vegas, and you've been to all the buffets, and you're feeling the burn in  your wallet. Enter Twin Peaks. A typical chain restaurant that as you look over the prices you feel of wave of relief pass over you because the typical chain restaurant has the typical chain prices. The food is meh. I mean, it's a Twin Peaks. I didn't expect it to be amazing, and it wasn't terrible. I probably wouldn't come back for the food. I would come back just for the experience and the fact that it doesn't hurt to pay the prices.I got a margarita. It was strong, and it was delicious.Our waitress decided to flirt with our friend, and we decided to pressure him into competing against her on the rock wall. And yes, he did get his butt kicked pretty badly. But it was worth all the additional tip we gave our waitress.
3	Recently tried this place out.  Not bad food but wasn't the best. Its like a young hooters. The "Girls" seem to try to hard to be cute. Service is decent and pricing is a little high. Cant expect anything different on the strip though. I would come back drunk just for the view and a burger.
3	Awesome ! Uniforms alone are worth checking out.  Grab the hottest server and challenge her to the rock wall !
3	Some people come here for the food. I come here for the scenery. My co-worker picked this place to spend his last lunch with the office before moving back to Kansas. This was my first time here, so I had no clue what to expect. First off, the parking was a pain in the ass. We had to fight for a spot at the Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile parking lot, then walk 20 minutes (outside, then upstairs) to get to the restaurant. The restaurant had a lumberjack theme, with log furniture, moose heads plaques, fireplaces, and a massive 2-story rock climbing wall. We were seated upstairs, overlooking the strip. I looked at the menu and decided to go with the philly cheese steak (rookie move). The servers are very prompt and the food came out fairly quickly. The cheesesteak that I ordered was massive, but it was mostly bread. The meat was seasoned with a pound of oregano, sauteed with mushrooms onions, and covered with more cheese than meat. Needless to say, this wasn't the best cheesesteak I've ever had... not even close. The fries on the other hand was delicious.Crispy, hot, and served with a special seasoning. I looked at my co-worker's foods and most of went with the burgers. They definitely looked amazing, which is probably my go-to next time. Overall, it was a good experience. The servers are very friendly and attentive, the bathrooms are clean, the food was okay, and it was an unique atmosphere. There's a ton of TVs on the wall, so I'm pretty sure this is a great place for sporting events. My street creds:I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 9 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I have a new passion for traveling and trying different foods around the world.
4	This might be my favorite new bar but only because of (1) the indoor rock climbing wall that is $10 for 3 climbs up (2) the upstairs bar and outdoor area with its awesome view of the strip and (3) the way the place is decorated like a woodsy man-cave. Very fun spot to belly up to the bar, people watch and then try your hand at the wall. Food is OK- lots of fried bar food as to be expected but a surprisingly good cobb salad. Love that the large beer size is called "the man size"- probably dissuades dudes from ordering anything but! Luckily, they had smaller female sizes for me. Clientele is about 90% male tourists (probably because of the location on the strip next to the Goratorium and because all the staff I saw was female, gorgeous, about 21 and scantily clad. Fun spot- I'll be back to tackle the hardest climb (there's 3 ways up and one 1 of them is significantly harder than the 1st two).
1	bad service. okay food. but bad service. waited forever for everything. 30 minutes for food in an empty restaurant and waitresses that just dont give a crap about women who come to eat. waited a while to get a bill too. Unless you have a penis you wont get good service here.
3	Well this was the first time going to Twin Peaks. My review is not as good as my husbands would be! He totally loved the scenery! So my review will only be on the atmosphere and the food.  We got some appetizers to share. Mini tacos and chicken fingers basket.  The food was okay. Nothing to rave about. Just ok. The atmosphere is a little noisy but I did like that there is a tv at every booth and you can change the channel.
1	*Bad service.*Food is awful.Wings are overgrown thunder hormone injected wings. Wing flavors are not good. Mini tacos were worst than Taco Bell. Not only they were awful but we found a blonde hair in our food and manager apologize to offer something on the menu. But at this point we didn't want to eat anything at this restaurant even if its free. My bill came out to 60.00. I love wings but it was so awful I didn't even want to take it home.
5	The girls are smokin hot!  The green chile meatloaf is awesome. Also the hangover burger is great.
1	Average service, terrible terrible fat drenched food. Good for frustrated frat boys. Avoid.
3	Went here yesterday to watch the niner game. Place was packed, but still got seated right away. There are TVs everywhere and the atmosphere is great. Our server was super nice and attentive. The food was also pretty good, as far as bar food goes. Recommend the buffalo wings spicy. They were bomb. Only complaint I have is it took forever to get our food! The kitchen had some issues handling all the orders so it was backed up pretty bad. Other than that we had a nice experience.
4	I come here for the food and climbing wall and I sit and read the articles in Playboy at the bar.  Right.  Let's clear things up.  Twin Peaks refers to women's breasts.  This is Hooters except they dress like lumber jacks or Seattle grunge wilderness climbers or whatever.  Who cares?  The point is, the waitresses and bartenders dress skimpy to attract dudes and keep them there.  The food isn't that bad actually, better than Hooters.  The beer is served super cold, in fact, so cold that it foams a lot and makes a big mess everywhere.  If you get tired of oogling all the women, there are TV screens everywhere with sports playing.  It goes up three stories where a climbing wall goes all the way up.  You can race against the waitresses, but here's a clue.  They do it all the time.  They weigh less.  You will lose, unless you climb a lot.  I was there and some dude from Belgium beat the waitress up the wall, because he climbs a lot, not in Belgium though, because it's all flat there.  I went there another night and tried to climb the wall.  Here's a friendly piece of advice, don't get too drunk to get your courage up.  It's hard work.  You will be breathing hard if you're a novice like me.  Your arms will shake.  It will take you a while to get up.  I've never climbed walls, but I heard that you're supposed to keep your arms fully extended as much as you can.  It's a lot harder than you think.  There's an overhang that will is really tough, but fortunately they have a handle at the top.  I made it all the way up.  My forearms were so sore I could hardly lift my beer mug.  But it was fun.  It's hit-or-miss if the bartender is friendly or not, maybe it's how busy they are.  I thought it was a fun place, although the second time it was packed with stupid dudes all cheering their stupid teams and being real loud.  I'd go earlier in the day, when it's slower, less dudes, more time to talk with the staff.  BTW, these days I think Hooters sucks because they've gone downhill, their staff are not as friendly as they used to be, and their chests are getting flatter.  There I said it.  It's chauvinist, but it's the truth.
4	Twin Peaks is a good choice anywhere in the country but the gals at this location are vegas fun and vegas good lookin'.   Works for me.   All I can say, if you don't know where you should go, go here.   No better bet.
2	Last two visits bartenders not as friendly as first time
1	I went to this restaurant with a group of friends with me and my twin brother being the youngest in our early 40s.  They would not serve me alcohol as I did not have my ID even though my twin brother showed them his ID and they served him.  Another friend at our table of 6 just had his 60th birthday the day earlier and they wouldn't serve him as he also didn't have his ID.  This was completely ridiculous so we left after the 4 who were served finished their beer.  Upon walking out the entrance all of us were served a beer by a lady selling beer out of an ice keg to foot traffic.  I've never been to a place that has shown such poor judgement with respect to IDs in my life and I will never go back to this place (even though the servers were very good looking)!
4	Great place to stop by in Vegas if you wanna climb the twin peaks.Don't let the ladies fool you! They can do it in less than 50 secs!TIP: The one of the side of the rock climbing is the hardest don't pick that pick the one to the right of it.The bartenders are great and super friendly! It's like hooters but mountain climbers style! LOL Food - who's paying attention to the food! Awesome beer selection!It's on the strip so easy access!
1	This is the WORST place we have eaten in Vegas to date (out of over 100). The waitress SUCKED, she was VERY slow and ignored my wife and I for the most part, instead spending time flirting with the two guys next to us. They were sat 10 minutes after us, but got their drinks and food first and even got a second round of drinks after she kept walking by us with empty glasses. She was obviously inexperienced and this might be why she had no clue that people like me tip 20-30%. Oh well. The drinks were decent (the one round we got). The food was CRAP. We were stuck there for almost an hour for a couple bad sandwiches and one round because we were ignored. We had plenty of time to look around and found that this place will not last very long. The waitresses are not that good looking. Half of them were just in bras and no uniform. And if you call a place twin peaks, you expect to see something. Nope. The person doing the hiring must be a member of the itty bitty **tty club because there was nothing but skinning girls with no figure and a bunch of piercings to look at. There are MUCH better places on the strip to eat, drink and look at the various views
5	So I did the first review of twin peaks vegas and now I'm gonna do another one. I STILL LOVE THIS PLACE!!! They have the coldest beer in Vegas by far. I like to drink the 29 degree Knotty Brunettes, Dirty blondes, and Dos equis(Really good ice cold with 2 limes). Now yes these man size beers are like 10 bucks but so worth it. They have a thermostat that shows you exactly how cold the beer is at the time. This last Vegas trip was the first time I ever had anything to eat there other than the Chicken tender basket. I had the chicken and shrimp and it was probably my favorite meal in Vegas. Also did the mozzarella sticks and those were soooo bomb. I don't understand how anyone could not like the food here. Exactly what other places in Vegas have better food for the price. I would love to know. The girls here are super nice. I was eating at a table with my friends and when my friends left....she let me move over to the bar to watch the game. There were these 2 twins working the bar that were super hot. Yeah they most def got a tip lol. My friend did the wall but not something I really want to do. If I have one problem with Twin peaks it's that they have some strange cheese burgers. Burgers with eggs and mushrooms and stuff. Why can't they just have like a double bbq bacon burger or something. To be fair my friends loved their burgers. I just stick to my chicken and shrimp though. Every guy in Vegas should come to twin peaks at least once. Check out the man size Dos equis with 2 limes. It's so damn good.
4	Stopped here in early September, lunch time. Sat at a table in the ground floor bar area. My server was Sierra, very helpful and cheerful. So much so that I asked forvher when I returned the next day. Had the fish tacos, they were awesome. Enjoyed their Dirty Blond beer. Such a positive experience I came back the next day.Next day was a college football Saturday. Girls looked cute in their (abbreviated) favorite team jerseys. When I was informed Sierra wasn't working at the time I decided to sit at the 3rd floor bar. Good choice, awesome view of the Strip. Fun atmosphere with all the key games on TV. Although it was quite busy received great service from bartenders Megan and Ellen. Chatted with a couple of the regulars and downed several of the Dirty Blonds.Both visits were a big improvement from my May visit. Just goes to show, a lot of the make/break of a visit comes down to your server or bartender. Definitely looking forward to stopping by my next time in Vegas.And bonus for me, as I'm walking out the entrance who's "manning" the beer tub but Sierra! Way too many beers in me at that point but got to chat briefly.
1	DO NOT EAT HERE! The BBQ nachos seemed to have diarrhea on them. They were inedible. We took the rest of our untouched food and gave it to a homeless person who is probably very mad at us now. Might have been the worst food I've ever eaten.
3	Honored they have a military discount but the chicken tenders were flavorless. Server shay was nice which brought the score up.
3	A friend and I stopped in one evening, and were pretty impressed with the cold beer.  I mean, beer is always supposed to be cold, I know, but here it is really, really cold.  There's even a sign on the wall showing the exact temperature in the cooler.  It fluctuated between about 28 and 30 degrees, but really - why would you order beer above 29 degrees given the choice?  We didn't try the food - I'm not convinced it was likely to be super fresh and tasty.  The service was efficient more than polite.  At least the beers kept coming.
2	I met a friend from out of town at Twin Peaks  for a few drinks. It's a place inside with a rock climbing wall that patrons and the staff can both challenge themselves. I was just a spectator but had a few laughs at other peoples expenses. The bartenders were a little slow. It was that crowded but they seemed more interested in their own dramas rather than serving customers. Myself and several other thirsty individuals had to sit around and wait for refills. Too many other options on the strip to have a drink than to waste time at this place.
4	High end hooters.  You're looking at the next generation of strippers and nightclub cocktail waitresses in Vegas.  I don't mind.
4	Being locals in Las Vegas, we are always trying to find new and fun places to eat. I searched restaurants on Yelp and this one showed up. Sounded like a fun place.It was! Our server was Lauren and she was very nice and made sure our glasses were kept full! We really enjoy places that have small menus, then you know your food is going to be done properly as they don't have hundreds of things to throw them off! The burgers sounded amazing, lots of flavor going on. But this time we got the queso and chips to start with, then we saw the nachos go by and thought WOW, we gotta try those next time. They were a mini mountain! The chips and queso were great, love the thin chips and the salsa mixed into the queso was a fantastic flavor!Hubby had chicken fried steak, I had the steak sliders, our friend had the philly cheesesteak. Everything was cooked perfectly and we cleaned our plates! In the end I would say this is a great place to stop in with friends and enjoy some good food and great ice cold beer it is 29 degrees! My hubby loved the cold cold beer! So try it out and be sure to ask for Lauren she was so fun and helpful!
4	Great location just next to planet Hollywood and across from the Bellagio. Has a manly wood tavern feel. The servers and bartenders are beautiful women! Food selection is ok but the atmosphere makes up for it. Amazing spot to grab a beer. Try racing the girls up the rock wall if you dare!!!
4	Great service and food. Better than Hooters! As a local it's a great view of the strip. Parking is easier if you go straight to the top floor.
3	Good spot to grab a cold beer watch some sports or look at  the attractive women that work there in skimpy outfits.  Food is OK not memorable, typical sports bar food, beer selection is average not a lot of variety if you like craft beer.
2	We had a recommendation from a friend to go there when in Las Vegas. We love beer and the list was impressive (and we are from "beervana" in the Northwest).However, the negatives outweighed the positives:1. Volume on the speaker above our table for the football game was at airplane-takeoff decibel levels and didn't appear to be adjustable.2. When our 2 beers arrived, the server gal had 3 beers in her hands and was confused about which might be our two, as all pretty much looked alike. So, we will never know what it was we were actually drinking.3. Our waitress was prompt in taking our order and we were very specific that my husband wanted NO ONIONS on his burger. She understood and repeated it and appeared to comprehend it just fine. However, when the burgers arrived, his had the carmelized onions on it (which blend in with the melted cheese, so you can't just pick them off without removing all of the cheese). Luckily, I stopped him from taking a bite as he is allergic to onions. The waitress should have checked to see that she was picking up the correct order (same as with the beer, but that was a different gal), or that the kitchen had actually made a burger without the carmelized onions. He sent it back and decided he would eat elsewhere rather than chance what would come out of the kitchen.My burger was delicious - but I'm not allergic to onions.They were gracious about not charging for the burger mistake, and all of the servers were upbeat and cheery, but we won't be going back.
1	The Hostess and waitresses suck and they're retarded, for this kind of place really goes without saying. Another hooters chicks with big tits and bad attitudes place!.. The 29 degree slushy beer idea is one of the dumbest things I've ever seen in a sports bar. Don't do it
1	Do you think two months of advance planning would at least get you in the door here?  Think again!I booked our dinner here for a bachelor party of 14 people two months in advance and coordinated with their sales and marketing manager, Kristy Mendenhall.  She provided a contract which I signed to finalize our reservation and I stayed in contact with her up until the event to make sure we were good...One month out, they made a minor change and kicked us from our reserved "man cave" onto main-floor seating.The night of the even we showed up 15 minutes prior to our scheduled arrival time. We didn't even make it in the front door because of their unprofessional and dismissive security guard who refused to listen to me. Eventually, the general manager opened the front door and I told him about our reservations. The manager said he would have to check but never came back. We went elsewhere to eat that night.In summary: We signed a contract two months in advance! 14 people drove from out of state for this event and never even got in the door!I even gave them the opportunity to make up for the mistake before taking it further and writing any review.  Kristy Mendenhall apologized and said she would send gift certificates to make up for the mistake. She told me this three months ago, and still NO gift certificates have arrived. Stay away if you are planning an event here!The good news, is after we were turned down at the door, we walked down the escalator to PBR Rock Bar & Grill, where they were happy to accommodate us and provided excellent customer service.
4	Me and a few buds were wanting to grab a burger so opted to try Twin Peaks on an early afternoon. Plenty of TVs going with good sports action. Their hot wings with standard sauce were outstanding. I was surprised that their twin peaks burger rocked pretty good; i destroyed it and the fries. All said better than average. Next time I'll be hammering out more wings... Gordon Ramsay's BurGR & fries were better, but 40% more....
2	Ok so it's a great location on strip, patio outside has good view, hot girls, and beautiful inside cabiny feel. So for you boys it's a nice drinking spot. But I had the chicken fried chicken and I could barely find the chicken just a lot of breading, Tacos blah , drinks good. But I won't go back to eat there. But a drink on the patio for sure!
3	Met some colleagues here.  I've actually never been to a Hooters, but my colleagues tell me the food here is better.  My priority was to get good beer, and this place delivered.  Their two house brews are both good.  They have a hefe (Dirty Blond) which was decent, but my favorite was the Naughty Brunette.  It's an amber and has some nice toasty notes.  The beers come in either a truly massive mug, or a very large, tall stein.  The smaller of the two must still be at least 20oz.  They also have a seasonal Sam Adams and Newcastle on tap, along with the usual crap beers (Bud/Miller type stuff).  Be aware that if you're a beer snob and don't like your beer cold to the point where the head is slushy, this is probably not a good place for you.The food is typical for this type of place.  I got a grilled chipotle chicken dish that was good, if a little heavily seasoned.  Kind of a small piece of chicken, but the price was reasonable.  My companions reported that the Hangover burger was very good.  The salsa that came with the chips was also really good, with a smoky flavor.The girls are everywhere at this place, and go out of their way to be friendly, to the point I found them slightly annoying.  We kept having our conversation interrupted by one scantily-clad server or another, trying to initiate idle chit chat.  Some guys may appreciate the attention, but as a married man, I could've done without.The climbing wall is kind of a cool gimmick, and it's only $10 to try it.  They have 4 routes, but two are super short and should only be done by kids.  The other 2 have an overhanging section and it's fun to watch the drunken attempt to negotiate them.  The gimmick includes a "race" with your server, where you climb the wall and then your server climbs it and tries to beat your time.  Actually, they pretty much WILL beat your time, since it's clear they've climbed these routes many, many times.  My colleague, a very fit (and very inebriated) guy climbed the easier overhanging route in 2:34.  His server did it in 1:11, so be prepared to lose the wager your waitress will inevitably make with you.Parking for locals is kind of a challenge.  There may be a better way to do it, but I parked in the Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile garage, then walked all the way through the Planet Hollywood to get to the restaurant.All in all, this would be a fun place for a group of guys to go hang out and have good beer and good food.  The waitresses will definitely make sure you have a good time, and it's all good clean fun.  You can definitely do worse on the Strip, and this is a particularly good option if none of the bars/lounges in the Cosmopolitan are doing it for you (which they likely are not if you're reading reviews on Twin Peaks).
1	never again will I eat here the staff was unprofessional
2	Bartenders are pretty cool here. Love Kayli, Emily and Stacey.  Servers on the other hand are terrible.  Alyson had to be the worst.  Gorgeous girl with an ugly personality and terrible customer service skills.  Don't let your looks get the best of you.
5	What a great place!  Well thought out, great food, terrific service!  Had a blast!  The rock climbing wall was very cool!
4	4 of us stopped in on a Saturday during peak nfl playoffs. It was packed, and had to wait about 45 minutes for a table. Not too bad, considering the little bar across the hall. They had $2 coronas to keep us busy! Once we were buzzed for our table, we were seated promptly. The beer really is ice cold, and the food is pretty good. I'd recommend the nachos... They're huge! We have a few TP here in Houston too, so I'll be back.
4	Just off the plane and starving not expecting much. At first though the skimpy outfits were gimicky but was waitress was a blast. She convinced my wife to go rock climbing up the restaurant after ordering food which was surprisingly fun! Good beer selection and the food turned out excellent.The price wasn't bad and the view of the strip was perfectly scenic. I got the fish tacos grilled (choice of fried, grilled, or blackened) and it tasted very light and fresh. Wife got the burger and it tasted great as well with good crispy fried.Ultimately still very chain-like and basic options for food but I really had a good time and pleasant experience here. Recommend going if your looking for a casual dinner.
5	My buddies and I stopped by Twin Peaks after Super Bowl for dinner and drinks.  Never been here before and I must admit I was very impressed with everything.  Our waitress Ariel was fantastic.  She made numerous stops by our table to ensure we were happy with our food and made sure we always had drinks.  The manager Fabian, was great also. He stopped by to make sure we were happy and he chatted with us making us feel welcome.The menu is limited but the food was great.  I had the trout and it was delicious. The beer was ice cold and came from their micro brewery.  I also had a bloody mary and it was so delicious my friends also had one.  The staff was friendly and very attentive.   If your looking for drinks or a good meal for a reasonable price you won't go wrong with Twin Peaks.
3	My fiance and I had lunch here last Friday. We thought that it was kind of a local brewery, but it's not really. The beer prices for regular beer were descent. The food prices were a little bit steep, but we got a TON of food. I ordered a basket of friend pickles and it was literally so full I couldn't eat even half of them. There had to be 50 to 60 friend pickle slices in my basket. The battering was really good on the pickles, lots of pepper. Very greasy though. My fiance got nachos and the pile was HUGE! They were good nachos with cilantro and higher grade food products as opposed to your typical chili, cheese sauce and jalapenos. The server was very friendly. She stopped by regularly to chat us up and talk about where we were from, how we were enjoying our food, and how the stay was.
5	Awesome beers bowls and booties! Lena has excellent customer service! Coco really brought the feeling of appreciation!!! Thanks for a great time
4	I really can't say enough about this place but then again I am warm blooded American male with a healthy libido. For the record I know females who enjoy this place as well so it's not all a guy thing. Having said that, there's nothing on this menu that I have not liked. Try the Hangover Burger, in my opinion one of the best burgers I've had hands down. Though make sure you're hungry when you order it. Getting to the location is a bit of a challenge, you can drop your car off at the valet on Harmon or park at Planet Hollywood. If you valet on Harmon be sure to pick it up before they close that side at around 10 or 11. Otherwise you'll have to walk to the west PH valet to get it. The atmosphere is simply awesome. If you've had a bad day this place will certain help to forget it. They have a decent variety on tap and two house beers. The Dirty Blonde and the Naughty Brunette. The Dirty Blonde is like a summer wheat type beer like Blue Moon. The Notty Brunette is as it implies, nutty and dark like an IPA. They also have what they call a Shotsky which is an actual snow ski rigged with about 5 shots of whatever you order and what they do is line up 5 of you across the ski then they tip the ski and all 5 of you take a shot simultaneously! The place has three levels and if you go the third level...the view. What can I say about the view from the third level. BTW, the third level is where it's at!. You can sit on the balcony and soak in wonderful LV BLVD and city center. They have a rock climbing wall that to the inexperienced eye seems easy to negotiate but these TP girls can give you a run for your money. Its certainly entertaining to watch people race up the wall. The only reason I'm giving this place 4 stars (I'd give it 4.5 if it was possible) is due to the parking situation. Though if you're a glass-half-full kind of a guy like me, you can certainly say that the walk from the parking lot to TP offers a great deal of quality 'people watching'. Let me know how it goes...Happy Drinking!
1	Horrible place! We walked in to this restaurant without being greeted stood where there for three to five minutes while 4 hostess / greeters were talking amongst themselves ignoring customers I asked one girl where do we put our names down on the list to eat . She stood there staring at me  and then I asked her if she spoke English ? She replied "no" . We ended with walking out the door . I hope the one in Phoenix treats there customers better !
1	Walked in and some high chick tried to get me to tip her for a table. 3 girls asked me for a tip within 30 seconds in the door and not one showed us a table. Ordered a shot ski and it was about half a shot and tasted watered down. I half jokingly told the waitress that it wasn't a shot and it was weak, she immediately sicked the manager on me, manager said she would send me a free shot. The shot ended up being on the bill later.  Next, the burger I got was about as thin as mcdonalds makes them. It was $15 btw. When it was time to get the bill, my  (not free) shot was on someone else's ticket. After the shot ski thing the waitress was a total bitch. We didn't correct the multiple mistakes on our tickets and went somewhere else for a beer.
4	The wings were delicious! They were moist! the Parmesan wings were tasty but if you like spicy wings do not order these. They are not spicy at all. They do have ghost pepper flavor wings for brave eaters. The burgers rank 10 out of 10 for flavor , texture , and size. The waitresses are cute. This place is waaaay better than hooters.
4	I had been meaning to check out this Vegas location for months and finally made it happen for their 1 year anniversary party yesterday. The restaurant has 3 floors complete with a rock climbing wall that spans all 3 of those floors. The 3rd floor has comfy booths with individual TVs as well as outdoor patio seating with great views of the Strip. Every floor has a bar and plenty of TVs and projector screens located throughout.During the party we tried various appetizers including 4 different flavors of wings, sliders, mini hot dogs, and nachos. My table enjoyed plenty of Stellas, Coors Light and Bud Light in large ice chilled 29 degree mugs which was awesome, but also made it more difficult to chug lol.Having only been to Twin Peaks in Texas where this franchise is a dining staple, I was pretty impressed with this one, especially with how large and spacious the venue is and the speed of service given how packed it was when we were there. The girls were friendly, efficient and sexy as with any of their locations. I will definitely be back. I just wished it wasn't on the strip because it makes it a pain to get to, especially PH!
4	Great place to watch football or other sports, there are a million tv's and some even at the table you are sitting at.  Beer is cold and the waitresses are friendly.  Food is typical bar food but yummy.  I would definitely come back here again next time I'm in Vegas!  :-)
3	Had never been to one of these places before.  Have to say the ambiance is like hooters with a rock climbing wall inside of it.  I guess anyone can climb it if they feel like it, we saw several people doing it. Different form of entertainment.  The waitress wear the minimum clothing requirement (which hubby loved of course).  Its got a lot of TV's for the sports fans and food was actually fresh and decent, although I think a bit pricey for a burger joint.
3	My husband and i decided to try this place out on our first night in Vegas 4/3/14We wanted a view so went up to the third floor only to be told we couldn't sit outside due to a private party. The waitress (Judith) was very friendly ordered our food but wow did it take forever specially the mozzarella cheese bites. Manager brought them herself and apologized. i got the red hot wings and my husbands got the BBQ wings i loved his more , but omg the fries are to die for defiantly recommend this place if you don't mind prices. pretty pricy $$$
4	Love this place the way the girls promote it definitely caught our eye and the rock wall is a big plus! Would like to try their food next time. The atmosphere was definitely fun though!
4	Would be tacky anywhere else but Vegas, but there it fits right in. Perfect for lunch with your friends the day after a night on the town!
5	Very fun atmosphere. The people that work here really like their job.  The girls are very interactive and will even sit and chat with you about your stay in Vegas.  Some of them can even help give you pointers to where to go on certain nights. I got the steak salad. I was impressed with the steak. It was right on for med rare!  My friend ordered their burger and was also very happy.  All in all a great place to stop in to eat.  It has an amazing view at the upstairs bar as well.
2	Do you like boobs? Do you like meh food? Do you like to drink? Then you will like Twin Peaks. The only good thing about this place was the view of the strip. Pretty mediocre. Like Hooters.
3	We stopped here for beers on our last afternoon in Vegas. The girls were dressed super skanky, but they were all very sweet. There were sports games playing on multiple screens throughout the place. I know nothing about sports, but one of the TVs had some crazy ice race thing going on, so that was nuts and moderately interesting for a minute. You might hear classic rock playing, but it's not so loud that you can't hear your friends. It's a decent enough place to chill for a beat.Whatever you do, watch the Twin Peaks promotional videos. They're really funny.The pricing wasn't bad at all, the service was quick and it was a clean restaurant. Beers were super cold (the glasses were frozen). We got a nice seat in the sun on the balcony with a good view (as good as it could be for the location of the restaurant). As a side note, and I'm not counting this against them, there is absolutely NOTHING on the menu for v*gans (asterisking it so it won't show up in searches). It would, of course, be nice if they had something, but nowhere do they claim to have anything, so I can't fault them for it. I ordered chips and salsa because it was the only thing that looked veg. Hopefully there was no lard in the chips... But I'm not sure.Overall, it's basically Hooters. Not the classiest joint on the strip but not bad. Just a place where the waitresses happen to be wearing a tad less than what might be considered typical.
2	Just like hooters but even worse service! I've never been so disappointed in a bar. The food was decent, wasn't expecting much but for bar food it was ok. The beers were nice and cold (that's for the 2nd star) but the SERVICE.... I don't know how they couldn't even call it that? She came to our table 2 times and she wasn't hesitant to drop the bill off before our party was finished. Even worse she never came back to get it and someone from our party had to get up and personally ask for a Togo box from the bartender. Will definitely not be returning!
2	My husband was so excited to try this place out and the menu was filled with a variety of options for any pallet. The staff was very nice and the service was good as well. The food was okay. My husband ordered the tomato bisque soup which he enjoyed. We ordered the shrimp and chicken tenders basket which was also very good. You have the option of getting your shrimp and chicken tenders blackened or fried. We got our shrimp blackened and our tenders fried. Both were very good. We ordered a side of macaroni and cheese which was just ok. It was kind of cold and the cheese sauce was all the way at the bottom leaving many of the top noodles without cheese. It was loaded with bacon on top so we didn't complain. For what the food and beverages cost, this restaurant was just ok. We paid $61 for lunch. Beers are $10.99 each and I got a small bud light for $5.49. I guess center strip Vegas is expensive but it just seemed high for what we got. Premium location on the Las Vegas strip yields premium prices. Fun place to check out, climb the rock wall, watch the games, and chat with friends. Not a place to hang out all day long and drink...unless you want to go broke.
3	Been here quite a few times. Haven't been back in over a year until last night. They were having a twin peaks bikini contest last night & my bestie was in it, so I decided to come support! Upon entering you had to pay 10$ to go upstairs for the bikini contest, fortunately I was put on the list so I got in for free. Yay! Twin peaks is a pretty large establishment. 3 stories and by far the top floor is the best. It has the greatest view especially at night. The first floor has a rock claiming wall where you can have some drunken fun. This place was the place to be when it first opened. All the girls were friendly, knowledgable, fun, & on fire! Last night I had a few different servers due to my table hopping. Our first server was extremely nice & checked up on us constantly to make sure we were doing alright. I asked for prices on drinks & she had no clue of it & was just guessing the prices. Other than that she was a doll.Now, other server wasn't too nice. Her demeanor wasn't to great. She didn't look like she wanted to be there at all. She took forever to bring drinks. Even longer to check up on you. She would cut you off when you tried to tell her things. Not a good look.Atmosphere is very laid back and fun at twin peaks. Probably will return when I need to for friends, but randomly coming in to eat here, probably won't happen.
3	Good beer, good atmosphere, decent service, not the best food.
2	2 stars for their Fried Pickles, very tasty!Was only here supporting our friend for the Bikini Contest..I really don't care for this place-- not because there are half naked girls walking around pretending to be your "server" .. But because they're soooo stupid & clueless.. They're friendly .. But our waitress didn't even know the menu, at all! And big minus for just throwing my overflowing drink on the table, having it spill all of the place! Ugh.. -_____-No trips in the near future for me..
1	Went here on a Sat. night week after opening.  Place was jammed and packed.  Sat at the bar for about 20 minutes and was never even approached by a bartender.  Was going to have a few beers and order some food, but that never happened.  So I just left.  Maybe I will try again on a slow night.
5	Well I was contacted  by Tiffany B from twin peaks customer relations department ,She was very pleasant to talk too and gave me a gift certificate to try the store in Scottsdale Arizona . I'm sure the next visit will be a good one . I'll post a review once we try it
2	We went in quite late on a quite night, the server seemed distant to our table, my friends really enjoyed the steak, my chipotle chicken was tasty but dry. It took our server forever to bring our drinks, never bothered to come around ask for refills. I had to walk to the bar to order a second drink whilst our server was chatting to a table right next to us!! I will not visit this place again
4	I really enjoyed it all around.  We had a great Bloody Mary and bourbon and brew followed by awesome queso and chips and Philly cheesesteak Texas style.  Delicious!
4	Decent lunch spot on the strip..sit on the patio overlooking the strip with a pretty good view.chicken and shrimp tender - tasty.. the shrimp is very fresh which was surprising.Fire fries is decent..Beer is cold. not cheap tho.. in fact nothing here is really 'cheap'..I prefer the sandwich joint nearby (Earl of Sandwich).. but if that place is the usual 20 ppl line up, this isn't bad.
5	My wife and I visited Twin Peaks twice juring our recent trip to Las Vegas. We absolutely loved this place! Mary and Kathiee took great care of us.  Drinks were cold and food was great. I highly recommend it. We'll definitely be back!
3	Nice bar, average food. Reminiscent of coyote ugly, with a texas ranch feel and gorgeous women (I am not exaggerating the women are hot).  My friend has a serious crazing for mozzarella sticks so we figured they would have them here. These were hands down the best mozzarella bites I have EVER had. Lightly deep fried, and bursting with cheese.  Dip that in the side marinera sauce and it's a party in your mouth. Unfortunately I didn't enjoy my meal as much as the appetizer. I can't remember the name but it was chicken breast topped with black bean and corn, mashed potatoes and side veggies. The chicken was decent nothing I would order again but the mashed potatoes needed some milk and butter they were bland and the side veggies were zucchini which is probably one of the only vegetables I don't like. My friends ordered a steak sandwich and a burger. I wish I went the sandwich route as well. Because they looked good.
4	Just a quick review.  Went to watch the nba finals and yes the beer is very cold.  I didn't really eat much just the chips and queso and not much to say about that.  Waitresses are hot and I must give props to Kayt who has hoolahoop skills and killed it on the rock wall.  I will be back to take in the rock wall and Kayt.   Good place for beer and watching sports.  Sure beats watching at the sports boom at the encore.
5	I have to say this was the best sports bar I've ever been to & I've been all over the country. Everything you would want in a sports bar this place had it & more. The rock climbing was also a good time. Nothing like drinking beer, watching sports & rock climbing.All that being said it was the people that made the experience. The ladies were tremendous & the managers were great. It was so good that my boy & I went Thursday, Friday, Saturday. There are a select few of the staff I'd like to commend for there service:Jeff (Manager) & Daniel (Manager) helped make the visits an excellent time. I appreciate the professionalism.The ladies that took care of us all 3 nights were just simply great. They were all good people. Kayt scales a rock climbing wall like a damn spider. If you're their the next time I'm in Vegas I will get my revenge.Nikki G. I appreciate the great service. Quite possibly the best waitress I've ever had. Thanks for running to grab the fries (haha).Sorry the Rangers couldn't pull it out Summer. I feel your pain with my sports teams.These 3 ladies were just spectacular.Pretty obvious I'll be going back the next time in Vegas!!!
3	Ill make this quick and to the point. The food is good but not great for the money, i had fish tacos and they were tasty but not anything i would go through the hassle of parking, walking, and getting to this place to have again. I sat at the bar up stairs on the 3rd floor to watch some World Cup action. Lots of tv's and really glad they play the sound over the speakers to follow the announcers. The bar tender (i wish i remembered her name) was super sweet, and attentive with drinks and the food. I think if your looking for a place to check out the ladies working, and on the strip to watch a game then sure... this may be right up your alley. If your like me who likes a good bite (maybe a little less expensive, drinks) and just wants to watch some soccer action, a pub might be better for you. We had 2 fish taco plates, 3 beers, and a 7&7 and my bill was in the low $80's not exactly a budget lunch but to the right person they might not mind paying for the atmosphere.
4	They were very accommodating to my family, got us set up in front of all the big screens to watch the USA play Germany in the World Cup. We were all surprised how good the burgers were and you can't find a colder beer in Vegas.
1	This  place so completely failed to make an impression on me that I almost forgot we were here. We stopped in for something to drink on a HOT Las Vegas afternoon. We sat at the bar and ordered two Absolute and Cranberries. Our Bill was $30.00! That's high even for Vegas. In my younger days, the very attractive staff might have been enough to draw me back here, but not anymore.
3	Atmosfere  4 starI like the ambiance is a nice sports bar, so for games is perfect it has tvs on every booth also which I think is pretty cool.Food 1 star:Food was literally disgusting, sorry to say that I never like the term but someone in the back has to review the recipes.Got a fried chicken steak that was the size of 2 plates. Was extremely thin and over fried, I woke up this morning with a stomach ache for having eaten 3 bites, tasted burned and not meat flavor. The mashed potatoes were on the button of it and I couldn't get to it because was cover from that giant thing.My gf got chicken tender and she said said thing weren't good. They were pale and soggy from oil so she ate only the fries.Service 3 star:The girls at the bar were nice but a little inattentive. I didn't order extra beer just because no one asked me if I wanted more after I finished. I tried to get their attention, got pissed after waving several times so in the end when they finally came over I just asked for the bill, I didn't wanna take the chance to spend another 15 min just for the check. The girls seemed busy but the bar twas half empty.If I come back will be no food and not very often
1	I don't know how this place got 3 star average.  The place is a wannabe hooters.  Bad service and even worse food.  Just stay away !!!!!
4	Great sports bar to stop by and have a drink and grab some food. Food was good and they are known for the "dirty blonde" beer which is super cold. I would definitely come back here again whenever I'm around the strip.
4	If you're looking for a decent craft beer and casual entertainment on the strip, this is a decent place to check out. My group stopped in on a late Friday night and had a great time. Food: it's basically the same as every sports bar. Nothing spectacular but not bad. Service: had a great waitress and friendly staff all around. One of my friends insisted I climb the rock wall and have a waitress race me. Turns out they have a dedicated employee who kills the rock wall. She destroyed me. I didn't even make it up. I lost my bet to her and my friend. Price: this is why they earn the 4th star. It's hard to find a decent place to eat on the strip without breaking the bank, eating junk, or taking forever. Stop in. Check it out. It's a chain, but it's a fun time.
5	I have been to this location of Twin Peaks twice.  If I wrote this review after my first visit, I would have most likely given it 4 stars.  But today, my second visit here, put it over the top for me.  The reason for the extra star was our phenomenal bartender Kathiee.  Not only was she one of the friendliest people I have ever come across, she was rocking out cocktails, draft beers, and refilling our drinks all while striking up a conversation with my party as well as the others sitting along the bar.  I ordered the chicken and shrimp basket and asked my chicken be tossed in their green chile parsesan sauce.  Kathiee was so great that when my food arrived, she made sure my chicken was tossed in their wonderfully delicious green chile parmesan sauce.  This level of attention to detail really meant a lot (the waitress at the Henderson location just gave me a cold side of green chile parmesan and forgot, or didn't care, I wanted my chicken tossed in that sauce).  So great job Kathiee!!!  Not to be forgotten, the shrimp in my basket were huge!!!  At this particular location, I have had the green chile meatloaf and the chicken and shrimp basket.  Both items were very good.  The meatloaf is smothered in mushrooms, onions, and gravy, but the green chile in the meatloaf adds a unique and delicious kick that I can't get over.  I would have to rate it the best meatloaf I have had.   I believe I saw 12 beers on tap from Coor's Light to an IPA to their very own house brews.  I've had both the Knotty Brunette and Dirty Blonde house beers.  The Knotty Brunette tastes like a good brown ale while the Dirty Blonde is a nice Hefeweizen.  Both are worth a try.  On both my visits, the staff and service was good.  Everyone was friendly and food came out quickly.  Not to mention it is bikini week, so that is definitely an added bonus.  But if you happen to be there when Kathiee is working, definitely hangout at her bar.  Not only is she a great bartender, she is a huge foodie and is a big fan of yelp!!!
3	First walked in and atmosphere was pretty cool with pretty ladies. It was kinda confusing at first on who to go to cause there was like no one at the front desk as a hostess or something... But some guys told us to go to a lady and we just said for 5 people and was basically trying to get a fast but good service.Now speaking of service, we had one girl who basically took our orders and stuff, but said that someone else was our server. About 10 minutes later, our real server came and since we were already taken care of by the other girl, I felt like it should've just been her who received this table as hers and receive the tips... But anyhow, our server wasn't as interactive as I thought she would be... Reason for saying this is because if you want good tip, just bullshit something or say something and chill a little bit... Whistle while you work... She checked up on us about 3-5 times about how we were doing and just awkwardly but quickly left after saying anything to us. When we were finally leaving was when she actually stayed and laugh a little with us... So ehhh, might try this place again, might not.
2	Some of the girls here are decent, others look like they may be escorts on the weekends or maybe high school soccer coaches. I ordered the venison burger which I later regretted because I did not know they had to first hunt and kill the deer.  Since they had to hunt and kill the deer it took about an hour to get my burger. My friend waited longer which was weird but they messed up his order anyway. Our waitress was nice but not very tentative which I understand because her boyfriend was visiting on his lunch break. Although he appeared to be unemployed. Last time I was here I had a better experience but this time it was fairly horrible.  Try the aged steak at the Rio, literally one of the best I've ever had. Twin Peaks is mehh..
5	The food was good. Had a great hamburger and a pretzel. Our waitress was hot and provided great service. Good place to catch the game.,
4	So I am sure you would say having a Fantasy Football Draft at Twin Peaks in Las Vegas is a bit pedestrian, since you know, Twin Peaks are everywhere. Well, normally I would agree, but after 2 days of spending lots of money and walking all up and down the strip, we just needed half a day just to relax. We walked into Twin Peaks around noon on a Sunday and it was pretty sparse as to be expected on a Sunday without football. That worked out great since our waitress sat us down in a booth, giving us ample room for our drinks (those bigass 32 oz. icy mugs) and get our draft going. The food at Twin Peaks is as you would expect, pretty solid sports bar food (I went with the wings). Our Waitress Andrea was awesome, she had a great sense of humor and came back frequently to check on our drinks and any requests we had. If you are like us and you just need a place to relax for a bit or are a bit turned off at all the other expensive options for hosting your fantasy football draft, just try out Twin Peaks. Sometimes familiarity can be a good thing.
4	Try Knotty Brunette- ice cold brown ale beer!  The staff was very friendly, always smiling:)
1	We have only been here 30 minutes into Sunday night football game and we have gone through THREE waitresses.  The Manager Jeffrey was very arrogant said that it was normal because they were slow.Boy Bye ,  I have never experienced such horrible customer service and I eat out at least once a week
1	After watching Under Cover Boss my husband and I were excited to try this Twin Peaks. The CEO seemed genuine and we are for business that are ran with heart. We went to get a table and the hostest first off had an attitude and was rolling her eyes. Then we found out there is a $35 min. Per person. We left. They did not get our business today and more than likely neither will any other chain based on first experience.
2	The food was ok but not anything to write home about, bland and something I could have easily found somewhere at home to be ehh about. I can say I told other people not to waste their time and money here. The only reason this place got 2 stars was that it was clean and out waitress was great. She may be one of the only reasons the place stays in business. Unfortunately, I can not remember her name but if you do go there see if you can get the waitress with the Perfect Circle tattoo on her back.
3	The food was extremely good, the service was great, and the beer deals are pretty hard to beat.  The problem I have with this place is the hammered bros hanging out at 11:00 am screaming at televisions.  That is fine if you stick to the bar area, but not in a restaurant where people are trying to eat lunch while possibly dealing with the night before.
2	I'm giving this place two stars as the draft beers r served ice cold and our server was super great.We expected to see staff females running around in cut off jean shorts and skimpy flannel tops; however I did not see a one so that was a disappointment to our group.If ur into watching the game this place has TVs all over so that is good.Food is mediocre, not much flavor but probably good if ur drunk, like u should be! Hey it's Vegas people! Alas we were sober...Le sigh...Thanks for the read.CJ
4	I had a good time at Twin peaks. Some of the highlights were the amount of TVs,  great for sporting events. The venue itself is huge, three stories with a rock wall to climb as well. You get to climb against one of the girls working, I got my ass kicked and my pride hurt a little, but atleast I got a t-shirt out of it. Lastly there our plenty of pretty girls working in their lumber jack outfits.          I got a hang over burger, which was delicious, I didn't care for the fries to much. The food and drinks are responsibly priced for being smack dab in the middle of the strip.        Lastly our bartender Lena, was the best part of our visit. She was super happy and nice to us. She made us feel right at home. Cracked some jokes and enjoyed some drinks. Twin Peaks is worth a visit, especially if you're looking to watch any sporting event.
4	BOOBIES, BEER, and a bunch of tv's. We came during happy hour and it was definitely good times. The cheese bites & chicken tenders are bomb. The beer is below 30 degrees. SO GOOD!!!
5	Holy Hot girls!   Good always fresh...you'd think the food and service would suck cause it's all booze, sports and hot girls but it's impeccable service!  And HOLY VIEW!  request the 3rd floor...TRUST ME!!!!!
3	Came for a light meal and drinks before a show. Was not expecting much more than Lulus, Hooters, or Bdubs but was surprised that the food was better than expected. We ordered the pork sliders, a basket of fries, hot wings and the 29 degree dirty blonde beer. The beer was delicious, get the one that resembles Blue Moon. The fries, hot wings and pulled pork were flavorful and well seasoned. A great value! Good loud atmosphere with plenty of screens within view to catch your team in action! Enjoyed it very much.
2	Food is average at best.  Third time here and the peaks are the only attraction.  Way better than hooters.  Plenty of tv's to watch the games.  Great location.  Don't make a special trip for the food
1	Bartenders not very attentive. Girl in the front asked if I would like a shot and when I replied no and was still trying to tell her that I was going to have a smoke and would order one when I came back she interupted saying have a nice day like 2 or 3 times. I guess that she gets to dismiss customers like trash. I like the one in Henderson better.
2	We went here to visit family who happened to be in vegas too. The place was big but very confusing. The first thing that it realized was all of the beautiful girls serving the tables. When we sat down and got situated, we were approached by a sweet looking server. I think her name was Brenda?However as soon as she opened her mouth and started talking to us, it was very apparent that she may have been on some sort of narcotics. So she takes our order and comes back about 5-7 minutes later, she had come back to our table and all of our drinks were empty, so she offered to bring us more. She brought us the second round of drinks and apologized for her own lack of good service . Her apologies how raver seemed more like complaints about the party on the balcony being drunk. About 5 min later she came out with the order and complained about the drunk guys on the balcony a little more and brought us out tab. We quickly paid and left. I was not too impressed. I can understand a bad day at work, but wow! Not the experience we were expecting!
1	This place looks good from the outside till you go in to find stuck up bartenders. When Arron de sides to she wants to pay attention to guys that are patrons just like me. She can't seem to put 2 nickels together. I would perfer going else where for food that is not over priced either.  Not to mention they don't even ask what size drink you want. Just ignore me and stay focused on what ever. But then who do you complain to if they or no one else is there to fix the problem.
4	My bf and I came here with friends Sunday and sat upstairs, there's a great open feel and view of the strip! What a blast! Lots of TV's, super nice, smokin hot waitresses and freezing cold beer! We had the pulled pork nachos and pork sliders, both were delish!  Love all the T and A but it would be nice for us ladies if they'd put some hot bar backs or expediters though...then I would give 5 stars! :D
2	Good beer, ice cold but I"d feel more comfortable at a strip club where there is no gray area. Someone's dad at the end of the bar making inappropriate comments to the girls was just awkward. Hard to blame the bar for this but it is a factor in the overall experience.
4	Most if the time when I come into these sports bars we get pops service. This time we got a waitress named Sarah that was on top of her game. Refills were consistent. The food was decent and plenty of tvs with the game on. I would definitely come watch football here again.
4	I came here recently while on a business trip and I brought my 15 year old son......I know, call CPS I am a bad dad!  I didn't know what to expect other then the "twin peaks" so I sat down and ordered a cold beer and a burger.  While I wasn't impressed with the menu selection, it was really scaled back, the food was pretty damn good.  Oh and the beer, lets talk about that, it was pure icy goodness in a glass. The service was pretty good and the young ladies paid a lot of attention to my son.  Oh yeah and they were hot!I will love to come back here again when I am in the area and try something else.
3	Here's the bottom line. This place is impossibly fucking difficult to find, when you do it's packed full of 40 something looking to look at boobs. Look, I get what that is what this place is about. The redeeming quality about this place was a great manager named Kristen who actually took the time to find the hockey games I wanted to see. She was awesome. Twin peaks was not.
3	For those who don't travel the country often for work/play, Twin Peaks is a decent size chain, not a special Las Vegas sports bar. Meanwhile, this location stands taller than it's peers when it comes to looks. The ladies here are far prettier than many of their sister locations, and we've been to more than half of them after sporting events when most regular restaurants are closed. (And, remember, this one has a climbing wall, which none of the other have. You can challenge your server and race them to the top. In fact, they'll even bet you they can beat you and likely take your money.) I had a few clients want to come here to watch a few games and we witnessed one girl beat about 10 guys (and make about an extra $100!). You came here for the food, right? Not to hear about the scenery. Wrong. This is a glorified Hooters, with better looking girls, better food, better outfits and better service and in most cases better TVs. It's actually a good place to come watch sporting events. You know you didn't come here for the food. On the other hand, the food isn't bad. It's much better than you'd expect at competitors. In fact, they prep it each morning and it shows in the taste. If you have to eat at a sports bar, this is one of the better ones to chow down at. There's ample beer and liquor. The difference is the wing selection, which rests below what you're used to. Still, there's plenty of other items on the menu to keep you happy.
4	I freaking love twin peaks, hot ladies,great food,the view of the strip is breathtaking.lots of tv's,ufc fights, prices are not that bad considering its the strip. It's a go to place for sure. I'm not surprised it's blowing up into more bars around the country.
2	The menu apparently shrunk. My chicken fried chicken was not as good as I remembered it to be during prior visits in Tulsa, OK. ...Frosty mugs were great. Service was good.
4	I keep coming back to Twin Peaks, after all these years.Quiet, subtle, elegant, yet still full of surprises. The best food I've eaten anytime, anywhere.
4	If your in NV for a special occasion, (i.e. anniversary, birthday, romantic evening) then Twin Peaks is your place! The atmosphere and service is amazing, but the food is simply incredible!
