3	I wanted to love this place, it's close, convenient and it has different types of bacon.  It is because I wanted love it that it got 3 stars.  My guy and I stopped for breakfast Saturday morning, it took awhile to be seated but once we were the service wasn't bad for as busy as they were.  We both got eggs, hash browns, bacon and toast. I ordered my Applewood smoked bacon extra crispy, he ordered the jalapeno bacon not crispy.This is where the stars began to fall.  It took forever for our food to arrive.  Several people who came in after us had their meals and were finished by the time ours arrived.  The hashbrowns were hot, the eggs warm and unfortunately his bacon was extra crispy and mine wasn't even close to crispy.  I don't mind the food mixup so much as the waiting.  We will give them another try and I will update then.
2	Okay... so I'm giving this place 2 stars... ONLY because we did not have an opportunity to try the food.  Saturday morning... we wanted to try out something new. We walk in from the entrance off of Cactus... and it was packed!  Oh good, that's a great sign for a new place. I make eye contact with a server across the way and it's like a eye dance of awkwardness...a glance here and a glance back and a nod here and a side tilt of the head...what the heck is happening???  So I walk across the way to find out how to get a seat.  He said, "I just want to warn you, our kitchen is behind about 45 minutes."  Uh-great! Thank you for your honesty.  (Hence, 2 stars instead of 1).  I would be upset if I had to sit and wait for an hour for breakfast.  So we took a gander at the menu and they had a beautiful array of breakfast muffins, rolls, pastries, etc. They all looked amazing!  But we ended up jetting on out... with a to go menu. I wish I would've taken pics of it!  It does look rather appealing with alot of great options.  I think $9.99 was the highest price I noticed!!  Most dishes/sandwiches around $7.99.  I'm definitely planning on going back because Ihop doesn't cut it for me and we need a great breakfast place in this area. I plan on updating this as soon as-as other poster's said, "they get the kinks worked out." Looking forward to it!
2	Like many others have said, this place is new and has some kinks to work out. I'll definitely try it out again in another couple months.With that being said, my guy and I were really disappointed that for having a unique name and a "claim to fame" (at least potentially) they really don't own their "Oink Cafe" handle. Yeah they've got 5 different types of bacon but the menu is sadly lacking in entrees featuring what they're all about. In reality, this cafe is just like any other but with the option of five different types of bacon for those few items featuring bacon in the menu. And that's if the bacon hasn't run out. Hopefully they find a way to make their mark.
4	I went during the week with my two young children. We met a friend who also has a young child. Nice use of space. We didn't watch television, but it does have a few flat panel TVs that would be nice during football season on a weekend.  The space was child friendly - nice menu although they didn't offer crayons to kids, which they said they were in the process of incorporating.  Menu was huge and offered lots of traditional breakfast combinations. I had the waffle with eggs and sausage. I ordered the pigs in a blanket for my children. It is prepared with sausage that was fantastic. The perfect amount of spice and wrapped in pancakes that were also really good. My waffle was wonderful.  Really light and fluffy but with the perfect amount of crunch on the outside.  My friend ordered the French Toast, which was coated in captain crunch cereal (this sounds odd, but it was incredibly good and the bacon served with it balanced out the sweetness) and served with her choice of bacon. She ordered the applewood smoked bacon. It was excellent. They have five different types of bacon, including one infused with jalapeno, which I will try next time. The service was a bit slow, but understandable given it was the first week of opening.  The staff was very friendly and attentive. I will definitely be back and would recommend to anyone for a nice neighborhood breakfast spot!
2	My husband and I have eaten at Oink Cafe twice. First time was the week they opened, early on a Thursday morning. Food was good, service was fine, but there was only one other customer besides us. Today we went there at 7:30 on Saturday, the place was almost empty when we got there but quickly filled up. First off, they were out of their homemade turkey sausage, that I wanted to try. I changed my order to Huevos Rancheros, and was really disappointed. The eggs were fine, but the beans were greasy, I could see a layer of lard floating on top of them. At $8.99 I thought it was really over priced. My husband had the pancake combo with bacon, he thought the bacon was over cooked, and the pancakes were almost raw, they were gummy and severly undercooked. As for service, our coffee was never refilled, once our food was dropped off we were completely ignored until the check was left. Customers around us were complaining, the woman behind us had to order her tea 3 times before it arrived, the man behind us complained that his order was wrong, many customers seemed unhappy with the wait and the service. I was really disappointed, I realize that they have only been open a couple of weeks, so we might return in a few months, if they survive that long. It's really too bad, I like small, locally owned restaurants, but the experience today was so bad that I'm not in any hurry to return. They got 2 stars, because our first visit was fine.
4	The wife and I decided to visit this locale this morning because it is only about a 5 minute or less walk from our Apartment. I have read every review on here pertaining to this establishment and most of it remains true despite the fact it has been almost 2 weeks since it has been open. We arrived at about 11:00am and we were seated fairly quickly. The server came pretty quickly and got us some water and I had the coffee which is just average. It took us about 5 to 7 minutes to decide what to order and the server took our order at about 11:15am. I ordered the Pancake Combo with one egg scrambled....and turkey sausage. My wife had the Chorizo and eggs which came with home fries. So after about 30 minutes waiting for our food to arrive.....the owner or manager....which was an elderly lady... came out to each table an apologized for the long wait and offered us some oink cookies. She explained that when they were planning the business structure that she was told there would be several customers in the area that would come to this type of establishment. However there have been hundreds of people showing up and they were not prepared for that.She also expressed there have been some issues with the cooking staff....arguing back and forth about who should be preparing what....and how it should be prepared....there are some huge communication issues that need to be worked out. Finally at about 12:05pm we finally received our food....so that means it took about an hour from the time we first ordered. Now since we live so close to this establishment I didn't mind the wait.....however had I come say 20 minutes away....I wouldn't want to wait an hour to have breakfast. The Food was OUTSTANDING.....DELICIOUS.....AWESOME.....so there were no problems in this area at all. Now if this establishment can just get better organized....because we had to ask for silverware.....napkins....straws....and butter for my pancakes.....and get the communication issues squared away in the kitchen....this will be a guaranteed 5 star establishment. So by all means if your in the east valley and are looking for a place to have a GREAT TASTING....MADE TO ORDER breakfast....give the Oink Cafe a try. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!NOTE: Just another FYI the elderly lady came back after we finished our breakfast and offered us a wonder piece of sour creme pecan coffee cake....so she was really trying to make customers feel comfortable and apologize for our wait. You have to appreciate that kind of service and her honesty about the situation....I truly believe this place will have great success once they fix some of there issues!!!!
2	We live in the area and were pleased to see a new breakfast place opening. It seems to be a locally owned small business and we find the best food and service in this type of establishment. To borrow from William S. Burroughs writing about the Rio Grande Valley; ""In the Valley, restaurants are not operated by people who are cookers and purveyors of food. They are opened by somebody who decides that "people always eat" so a restaurant is a "good deal".""  The owners may have restaurant experience, but it's not apparent. The staff is young, and doesn't  seem to know how sit-down breakfast works. They probably grew up eating from the McDonalds drive-up window. We got coffee and placed our order, and never saw the waitress again until she was ready to give us the bill. Our coffee was gone long before the food came, someone in a black uniform (one of the owners?)  brought the food to us, but didn't see our coffee cups were empty. The waitress never came over to ask us if everything was OK. She did ask if we wanted the check when she saw our plates were empty. At that point she asked if we wanted more coffee. A quick fix would be to take the owners and waitstaff across the street to I-HOP for breakfast so they could see what they should be doing.
2	WARNING: My family and I never got to try the food.  I have never written a negative review and I am sad that a new place has to be my first.So my husband has been waiting for this place to open for a month.  He booked opening weekend on the calendar and invited the whole family.The four of us (toddler and teen as well) arrived about 10am.  There was no one to greet us and looked like they had a number (maybe 6) of families waiting.  After a few minutes a (teen?) girl came over and kind of took our name.  No information, no wait time, no menus (which we took to look over ourselves).  Noticed tables sitting empty but not cleared.  Another couple waiting next to us for 10 minutes ended up finally having their server come over and hand them their bill.  Interesting...We waited for over a hour.  In that time no one saw a bus boy.  The two tables were never cleared of their slowly rotting food in that entire time (though the "greeter" girl came over to the same table twice, clearing 1-2 cups each time...).  A few groups were slowly seated as we waited, but we also noticed the outside tables were empty but no one was being asked to sit outside.  About 30 mins in, the greeter girl came over to see if anyone wanted to sit outside (should have been done from the start.).  As she looked for people, she rolled her eyes when she couldn't find the name from her list.When we were finally seated (by the same greeter...), the table soaking wet.  She grabbed some paper towels and handed them to my son, who dried the table himself.  No silverware was on the table so a few minutes later, one of the owners/managers put some down.  He half-heartedly (and inappropriately if I may add) said "Guess you waited awhile?".  I said it looked like their were some logistics issues and he immediately shot back that "No, we are very busy".  Um, if you cannot handle your shop being busy, than yes - you have logistics issues.  My husband asked if there were any busboys and he said there were three and they were all working.  Wrong attitude all around - this is not how to endear your customer base.  After he walked off, my son noticed the silverware had dried egg on several pieces and that the 5-6 tables nearest to us had NO food on them - all the families were waiting without menus.  That was the last straw.  As the waitress came over for the first time to ask for our drink requests, I explained it was not needed as we were leaving.It sounds like the food here could be excellent.  But they need someone with major restaurant management experience to get these things ironed out immediately.  Additionally, management needs to realize that their attitudes can make or break their business.  I love supporting local shops and I wish them the best.  However, I will wait for more yelp feedback to determine if we will ever return.P.S.  In going over my review with my husband and son, he said he has a few friends that went over the weekend with their families as well.  One said they waited over 1.5 hrs only to get the wrong items delivered to their table, with no explanation of what happened or apology.  Very disappointing...
3	With the slogan of "breakfast, lunch, and bacon", I would expect the restaurant to have multiple interesting and fun dishes with a focus on quality bacon. If this is what you are looking for, do not visit oink. The service was ok, family run it seemed. A little disorganized, but it hasn't been open long so I'm sure that this will get better.The food is standard breakfast and lunch. Most items do not include bacon as an ingredient and there are only 1-2 fun bacon dishes (such as bacon pancakes).I ordered the French toast combo with honey cured bacon and hash browns. The French toast was ok, pretty typical. The hash browns were not fully cooked and the bacon was not very impressive and tasted like the cheap stuff you pick up at your local grocery store.I strongly recommend that the owner check out some good bacon focused meat companies such as Broadbent, who has an amazing dry-cured bacon. If you like good bacon, join the zingerman's bacon club which will introduce you into several tasty varieties from across the country.Oink should rethink its menu and name and try to bring the two in line with each other. Good luck oink, the idea is great but execution needs a little work.
1	My Fiancee and I love trying new local places for breakfast/brunch every weekend, it's become some what of a ritual for us and something I look forward to during the week. We love supporting local businesses so we were excited to give Oink a shot.When we arrived at Oink, the Hostess seemed to be a bit flustered and didn't initially greet us and check us in... This was not a bad sign to me, just a new business still trying to work out the qinks. Once we were seated, the menu looked great. I decided to go for my breakfast favorite, Eggs Benedict (listed as a 'specialty item' on their menu). My Fiancee ordered the French toast and we also ordered a side of bisquits & gravy and sausage. What a DISPAPPOINTMENT! You would think with a name like 'Oink' you would be getting the best breakfast meats one could imagine, this was not the case. The ham on my Eggs Benedict was as thin as a piece of pepporoni (no joke!), our side of breakfast links looked like they were microwaved and tasted like it too. The Eggs Benedict was by far the most disgusting dish I think I have ever ordered, when it first came out, the eggs were clearly over done- more like hard boiled then poached. However, what made the dish disgusting was the 'hollandaise sauce', it was not hollandaise sauce. It was the color of milk and had the constinancy of half and half and there was so much on my plate that it became Eggs Benedict cereal, literally. The english muffins were soaking in this thin liquid that gave off the smell of yogurt, eww. Even though it looked appalling, I decided to try it. Just to give you an idea, I had to plug my nose in order to chew and swallow it! It was AWFUL. My Fiancee's french toast was good and so was the coffee but thats it. The bisquits and gravy weren't anything special and I was only happy we ordered it because of how completely inedible the Eggs Benedict were. Long story short, if Oink plans on succeeding, they need Gordon Ramsey to come in and help them out. Sorry Oink, I really did want to love you :(  I will NOT be visiting again.
5	All I can say is YUMMMM! We wondered in here with not to many expectations... but the service was awesome, food was great, and prices very reasonable. We will be back!
3	Food here is fantastic, service needs a lot of help.  From the hostess who doesn't have control to servers who aren't managing their tables.  That said, if you are looking for good food and have an hour or so for breakfast or lunch, this is a don't miss in the east valley.  The bonus is patio seating.  Just bring your patience.
4	The food was very good, but the service could use some work and organization. I'm definitely a person that's all about customer service and the hostess needs to be more personable and inviting. The older lady is more getting in the way than helping the situation. They need a restroom sign because I saw atleast five people almost walk in the kitchen.  Overall it's definitely a good start, just need to work out the kinks. I gave it four stars for the food and effort! Plus where do they get these stemless mimosa glasses!
3	First off, the food was excellent. However, the service almost made me leave before I even ordered. Granted, I went in on a Sunday morning and it was busy. When I approached the hostess stand I asked how I could order takeout. Before the hostess answered we were interrupted by a man who was possibly the owner or manager. He sent her to take care of something and walked away also leaving me standing there by myself. So I next approached the register where a cashier appeared to be either cashing out an order or entering an order. The only greeting I received after standing there was when the server held up her finger as a gesture to tell me to wait but she said nothing. After I patiently waited for about two minutes I moved over to the counter and waited until the owner/mgr took my order. After giving my order I left for a few minutes to shop while my order cooked. When I returned it was difficult to find someone to help me pick up my order. There was a very nice, but busy lady helping at the counter. I overheard her say she was a school teacher helping the family out and she was kind and helpful. I had the biscuits and gravy which were great, my daughters ate up all of their bacon pancakes, and my husband enjoyed an omelette. My family has lived in Phoenix for about 4 years and we have seen 3 restaurants open and close in that location since then. We are really hoping that the Oink Cafe is able to make something out of the location. I will probably return when things get settled because the food was good but if the service and apathy toward customers is a similar experience I won't likely give it a 2nd try.
4	We have now been to this cute little cafe twice. The first time our service was beyond slow and orders all screwed up but they made it right. Our waitress was working her butt off and gave us free muffins (which were delish) while we waited. We ended up getting two free meals for our troubles. The second visit was much better and the food came at a reasonable time. I think they're just working out the kinks since they're new. Pros: The food is really good and they're pastries looked awesome. My kids loved the mini coloring books and were given a free cookie. The bacon was delicious. Friendly atmosphere and the staff is trying. Cons: long wait and slow kitchen but I think they're trying and improving. Hope this place succeeds! The food is worth it.
2	Food is pretty decent.  I am with all of the other reviewers on the service aspect of this place.  It is SO unorganized here.  The people aren't mean to the customers but it's insane how chaotic it is at such a small establishment.  The old lady is weird and creepy.   There is a strange hostess table in the center of the restaurant that none of the signs tell you to go to.   I see a bunch of staff talking to each other and arguing. They all look so confused its sad.   I wish the restaurant impossible guy would come here and tell these people how to run a restaurant.   Again the food was tasty but the basic functionality customers expect restaurants to have is not there.   I hope they get help because it would be nice to see this place survive.
1	Worst breakfast experience of my life. I come from the restaurant industry and usually cut people a good deal of slack. After my breakfast being prepared incorrectly 4 times the owner refused to apologize and said that my breakfast only went back to the kitchen twice. I will not be going back.
2	I took my son for breakfast as he's a big meat eater, and the name of the cafe alone piqued our interest. We went just after noon on Sunday. I ordered the standard fare of 2 eggs, hashbrowns, and biscuit with gravy, and of course applewood smoked bacon. Meh. Honestly, I think the problem was it was late in the day, nearly closing time, and it appeared that everything had been under warmers for a while. I'm not going to completely condemn the place until I go back early in the morning and see if I can get a fresh meal. I think the place has potential but my first outing was not so great.My son had a burger (I don't remember which one) and he was pretty happy with that.Oh, and as several have mentioned already, service was slow as molasses. Eggs, hashbrowns/bacon and biscuits/gravy don't take 30 minutes.
4	The service was great and the ambience was good.  We didnt feel rushed and enjoyed our long breakfast/lunch.  The people were so nice not to rush us out, it wasn't until I noticed the open sign facing our way did we think to ask them what time they close.  Apparenlty, it was an hour past the point I noticed.  They let us hang out, even gave us a free brownie and chocolate chip cookie which was to live for!.  The owners are very nice.  I ordered half a club sandwich and tortilla soup with sweet potato fries.  The sandwich much bigger than my bite could handle but delish! My boyfriend had a huge breakfast burrito.  The portions are massive!!!! The only thing is that we were expecting more pork options..at least pork chop or pulled pork items on the menu. But, it is definitely a place we will go back to.
3	Liked the food, but the service was a bit slow for our party of 7.  As someone who has worked as a breakfast food server, I know that the morning meal is fast paced and it may take The Oink a little time to get things in sync.  I definitely like the bacon concept and will try this place again.You can read my full review here: http://touristoflife.me/2012/03/25/the-oink-cafe-brkfst-lunch-bacon/
3	Love the premise of the restaurant: Breakfast, Lunch, Bacon.  Service was poor. We were there the week it opened and were told that we could sit but it would be an hour before we got food. We were not able to stay so we left. I appreciate them giving us a head's up. Then we tried again a week or so later and were seated- no warning about the length of time to be served and it was over an hour before we and several tables around us were served. They offered us a free pastry but did not comp anything off of the bill. That was disappointing. Food was ok. Hopefully they will get it together because I would love to make this place a regular stop. I can see them really making something of the theme buy selling bacon themed items like bacon popcorn, bacon band aides, bacon scarves, bacon wallets, bacon lamps, etc...a little bacon shop within the place.
4	First time here...love their motto..."Breakfast, Lunch and Bacon". Visited with my boyfriend and his 2 children.Enjoyed the food a lot. Had breakfast of an omlette filled with spinich, red and green bell peppers and turkey sausage. It was quite yummy. Also tried their maple glazed bacon doughnut....talk about sinful! It was so wonderful. They had run out, but had made more just for us. That was worth the wait. Service was pretty good with just a few mess  ups....but when I asked for a special order it was granted without fuss. Overall it was a good experience and I will go again.
5	How can you not want to eat here?! The sign says "Breakfast, Lunch, Bacon"!!!I had a chorizo and egg burrito that was really tasty.I also had a maple bacon donut that very nearly put me in a (delicious and satisfactory) sugar coma!The patio was wonderful, the service punctual, and the company was the best!I will be back!
3	"Bippity Boppity Bacon". I wonder how Jim Gaffigan would feel about this cute 'lil joint?When you walk in through the main entrance, you will notice the lovely patio and a walk up window (love it) where you can place a take-out order. Creative, but if you are going to wait for your order, I would recommend snagging one of the four seats at the inside counter where you can enjoy a coffee or espresso drink and salivate at the delicious-looking pastrie, some of which, are bacon flavored.The walls are painted bright yellow, green, and orange, with fun wall art of various pigs. In addition to the four counter seats, there is plenty of seating between the green booths and tables, but if you have a party of five or larger, your only option is to push together the tables and sit in the uncomfortable looking wood chairs. Luckily, I was just there with my madre so we got to enjoy a comfy booth.We were greeted and seated immediately by friendly staff and a few seconds later our waitress greeted us and took our drink orders. I ordered a latte that wasn't anything special (no latte art either), but hey, they don't advertise about their espresso, so no biggie. I opted for their half of sandwhich and soup or salad deal. I chose their BLT with applewood smoke bacon and a side salad, just so I don't clog up all my arteries. My mom went for the full BLT sandwhich with sweet potato fries. There area few bacon options to choose from like: applewood smoke, honey cured, sugar cured, peppered, and jalapeno bacon, but our server suggested to stay with the classic applewood smoked, so we listened. The sandwich was pretty tasty and they don't skimp on the yummy bacon, the side salad was boring and basic, but the sweet potato fries were delicious, good choice mom!All in all, good service, decent food, reasonable prices. I would come back and try their bacon pancakes, which is what the server said they are known for, but I'm not in any rush. FYI: This place closes at 2pm everyday and isn't open at all on Tuesdays.
2	was there for the first time and my impression was very neutral. It is a cute place, was busy , but to the point it took way too long for the food, l think they had problems in the kitchen. The worst hashbrowns i had ever  eaten. The pancakes were ok.  They have a chance to be good, i hope they correct their problems and get good quality food.
2	First time here....we live within 5 minutes but have waited to visit to allow them some time to work out the initial kinks of a new restaurant based on previous Yelp reviews.We got there around 10:00'ish on a Sunday morning.  We were seated right away and got our drinks right away.  Restaurant did not seem overly busy to me. We had some questions about the menu, got them answered and placed our order.We ordered the Paradise Valley Omelette and the Steak and Eggs.  It took 27 minutes for them to deliver our first entree'. The omelette was hot off the press, steaming and had some really nice hot, stringy cheese.  The Steak and Eggs was a completely different story.  The steak was cold, overcooked and tough.  Enough said so I sent it back. My next entree' (Eggs Benedict) came out in 5 minutes and it looked great.  However, the English Muffin was barely toasted, the ham was super thin, and the Hollandaise was tasty but it basically formed a pool on the plate.There were some positives.  We ordered a side of the Jalepeno Bacon and it was really good.  I had the side of Biscuits and Gravy on the Steak and Eggs entree and the biscuits were good.  You could tell they were homemade.  Also, the homemade sausage gravy was great.Our waitress was really great and really seemed to know the menu well.  She did comp the Eggs Benedict entree after we talked about how weak the Steak and Eggs came out from the kitchen.The food runner needed some help in a big way....I just kept seeing him flash in and out of the kitchen and running through the dining room. The bakery items looked really good so I might go back to try them sometime in the future. Overall, I'd say about 2.5 stars but I've definitely had better breakfasts at other restaurants in the area.  I'm not completely convinced that I'd go back unless I knew it was going to be a better overall experience.
5	First time here today! Service was great! Our server was very chipper!Clean and open atmosphere. I enjoyed the bacon pancakes and home fries. Lots of food and super filling! Also sipped on a Cafe Mocha which hit the saturday morning spot!
3	We were excited to try this place out after seeing the reviews. Specializing in bacon? How can anything be wrong with that? We walked in on a Friday morning, around 10 am, and 90's rap was blaring through the empty restaurant. I mean LOUD. So, a little strange, but no big deal, we decided to sit outside. We looked at the menu and decided. I ordered the PV omelet and my husband chose the Belgian waffles. The food came out quickly and everything was really good. As we sat outside, we noticed broken glass at our feet. When the server came over to check on us, we told her about the glass, and she told us that it had been there since the previous morning. This made me a bit nervous--I worked at a corporate restaurant for many years and broken glass was like a 5 alarm fire. Also, I am very pregnant, so the glass at my sandaled feet made my husband nervous. After we told the server about the glass, she sent a kitchen guy out with a broom, but he swept the other side of the patio, no where near the glass. She said he would clean up the glass once we left, but then quickly sat the table next to us, also surrounded by glass. This in not a huge deal, but oversights such as this at a new restaurant make me a bit nervous about what else might be overlooked.  The food and service was good, and we may return.
4	This is a new neighborhood breakfast joint in a building many think is "cursed".  The turnover for businesses at this location is high.  But I think Oink is going to make it!  They were very busy when we were there so it took a little bit to get refills on coffee (need bigger cups) and the food took a couple minutes longer, but no worries.  Who I think is the owner was not just standing by and watching everyone else run around like chickens with their heads cut off, they were serving, clearing plates, filling coffee.  Love to see that!  The menu is decent.  I'm not a huge breakfast person but there were quite a few items on the menu I was interested in.  The funny thing is my hubby and I ended up not ordering any bacon and didn't realize this until after we finished eating!  So we definitely will be going back to try the bacon they are known for....jalapeno bacon anyone!
2	I wanted to like this place so bad!  I like the concept behind it, I like the decor, the name and the idea behind the flight of different flavored bacon.  Unfortunately, this establishment fell short of all expectations. Went in a group of 3 on Sunday for brunch.  2 of us ordered 2 eggs any style + bacon and the third ordered a BLT.  Despite the simplicity of our orders we still had to wait 40-50 minutes for food. That's pretty much where the disappointment begins:- several tables that were seated after us, got their food before us. - they forgot to bring my place setting a couple of times- Ordered has browns extra crispy.  They weren't crispy, they were just cold when they arrived =(-they forgot my english muffin-the Jalepeno bacon I was super excited about, tasted like.. regular unflavored bacon.. and it was soggy =/. For a place named Oink, at the very least you'd expect the bacon to be good right? wrong =/.  I wouldn't come here for food again, but maybe alcohol haha.  Their alcohol is pretty cheap: $4/5 mimosas and bloody maries w/ bacon, $2.50 beer.
4	With a name like "OINK" how can you go wrong.  I went here last Friday after my ritual Squaw Peak morning hike.  The eggs benedict were great and the hash browns were extra crispy as ordered.   Excellent, attentive service and good food...I will return!
3	Ate breakfast with friends.  The french toast was overwhelming!  More than any one person should eat!  The bacon is the best in town.  Compares favorably with ihop across the street and would pick indy over a chain anytime.Will go again if just to try the bacon doughnuts!
3	Tempted to give only 2 stars but the sonoran hot dog I had the first time i stepped foot into Oink saved them.I have been here twice. First time was was shopping at Target and my wife wanted to stop in and get an iced coffee. Got denied as the espresso machine was already off and cleaned for next days use. Manager gave use a coupon for two free specialty drinks so that was very thoughtful. While checking out the place I noticed a special on the wall and it was a sonoran hot dog. For 6 bucks I got the bacon wrapped dog, side of fries, and roasted jalapeno, Serrano, and onion. Great presentation and excellent taste. This was a 3-4 star visit although not getting what we came in for the sonoran hot dog saved the day.2nd trip. Went in for breakfast wielding our 2 free specialty drink coupons. Waitress took our drink order (two iced americano's) and they came out hot. No biggie lets order food. Waitress' customer service skills were that of a high school kid at his first job. Lady was very blunt and did not act like she cared. Food came out to order but the frozen hash browns were over cooked and couldn't get a water refill. Had the maple glazed bacon donut and it was basically a sugar cake glazed in maple with bad n bits on top. nothing special.3 stars and will try this place again eventually.
4	Sometimes, I feel cheated by salads at restaurants, because I figure, I could buy a bag of lettuce, dump it on a plate and call it a day for a third of the price! I had a really satisfying strawberry and chicken salad  ($8.99)  here recently and will definitely go back next time I'm in the market for a healthy lunch out: 4 ounces of grilled chicken on a generous heap of salad, topped with blue cheese and fresh strawberries.
2	Sadly, not the best breakfast. The interior is very cute and they carry about their pig theme very tastefully (meaning the place isn't covered from head to toe pigs). Our waitress, Tammy, was extremely quick and friendly. And other waitstaff would buzz by with the coffee carafe for refills.My husband's pancakes were undercooked in the center and had to be refired. I had the eggs Benedict. The sauce is extremely thick and a bit salty and the eggs were over poached and looked like hard little balls smothered in sauce. My applewood smocked bacon I ordered on the side was so hard it was difficult to eat.But it's really the little details, like the not completely full chai tea and the discovery of dirty silverware rolled up in my napkin that leaves me with an ugh feeling.  Don't get me wrong, I was immediately brought new silverware, but the lack of attention to catch that before rolling it up in a napkin makes me wonder what else gets over looked.I'll give it another try before completely washing my hands over it, but it is going to have to work a little harder to change my mind completely.
4	Excellent breakfast, and nice to eat in an actually CLEAN restaurant. Definitely recommend...
3	I don't like how their tables are set up. Booths against the side of the walls, with individual tables in the aisle. Not the best set up if you're there by yourself because everybody's staring at you and makes for awkward dining experience.Some of the wait staff are very rude, and yet some are very friendly. I saw they automatically gave every other table in the place free glasses of water. I didn't get any free glasses of water. I wish some of the rude wait staff would quit or get fired, because they give the place a bad rep. They do have a good manager who is helpful with customer requests. Good mix of customers. Not too many old people, not too many kids, not too many business people there, just a good mix of customers. I didn't feel uncomfortable or out of place there. Will probably be back.
3	Service was good. Food was pretty standard. Bacon was awesome!
2	Kitschy name, cute concept, a little indie place in an area consumed by monolithic chains -- Oink really had all the potential in the world. The space is simple, open, and clean, although very sparse --  what some may interpret as modern simply reeked of half-assedness to me. "Hey, let's throw some pink paint on one wall and call it a day!" The bathrooms had fancy schmancy modern sinks and fixtures, although the weekly cleaning form on the back of the door was, disconcertingly, completely blank.The service was super average, better than I expected considering I had heard it was atrocious. My breakfast-loving SO and I did our usual, each of us getting our own separate egg things followed by a shared short stack of blueberry pancakes. My omelet was nice, steaming hot and full of nice fresh veggies. The home fries on the side, though, were cold. The English muffin was barely toasted, also cold, and so slathered in butter it was slippery. My SO inhaled most of his Hollandaise-slathered Benedict, but let's face it, he'd slurp down a dog turd if it was drenched in Hollandaise. The pancakes were completely and utterly unremarkable, as was the OJ (watery and bitter) and coffee. The sucker punch was the bill: with tip, over $40 for two for breakfast. If I wanted to shell out $40 for breakfast, I would stay in my own hood and go to Taylor's where I know the food will be spectacular and the service top-notch. Alternatively, I could go to IHOP across the street, where I know the food will be reliably above average for half the price.Sorry, Oink, your prices make you little piggies. You've gotta step up your game, because no one wants to pay Paradise Valley prices for a Glendale experience.
4	Great food and great service! We needed a good breakfast place in this area that is not a chain restaurant!
3	Bacon madness! Huge french toast! Cute little piggies decorating the orange walls!Oink is a friendly, peppy place to go for breakfast. The food is pretty good, the place is happy, all-in-all I would say this is the perfect place to wake up in the morning!The only irksome quality was our server, who seemed very nervous, checked on us at weird times, and said "you're welcome" too often (I didn't know that was possible, but it was). I enjoyed the jalapeno (!) bacon and the oink french toast. The cinnamon rolls were also tasty, but my group was disappointed by the eggs benedict. I would say the food could be better, but it's just awesome to have a local breakfast place somewhere in my neighborhood now!
2	I just moved to this area and we tried this place out. Nothing special and I have definitely experienced better.  Service is so so
5	OMG- I LOVE Oink. And I hate breakfast restaurants. So I guess that says a lot. Tried it out on a whim one day and now I crave it- they have the BEST french toast. My husband rotates between pigs in a blanket and bacon pancakes. I initially was skeptical, especially after reading reviews. But, it's right across the street from an IHOP so I figured that they probably had something unique going on if they have been able to keep their lights on. Once we decided to go in there and give Oink a try, I knew that we'd make a good choice. The pastry case with the bacon-maple donuts caught my attention, and It kept getting better- we received excellent service and ate excellent food. I'm really not sure why there aren't more 5 star reviews. One of these days, I'm going to have to be bad and get one of those donuts. Their pastry case seriously looks amazing, if you're trying to become a diabetic at breakfast. We travel with a 1-year-old, so eating out is hard. Oink is the perfect place for us to go grab breakfast because it's noisy (read, always full), so I don't worry about my loud and messy baby, and it's fast (we have never been there more than 45 minutes from beginning to end.) It's always busy when we're there, but not too busy- longest wait I've had has been 5 minutes. We've gone there a handful of times since the first, and have never had the bad service people talk about, but maybe that's because we go early, closer to 8 (and we miss the after church crowd.) If you go in the winter months, be sure to sit on the patio- not much to look at (in the Target parking lot) but much more quiet.
4	The caramel bacon glazed donut was awesome!
5	I'm really not the type to want to go out for breakfast, I'd rather save my dining money for lunch or dinner because I figure I can usually make just as good of a breakfast at home.  However, there is no way I could match their french toast, it is just outstanding.  We have been twice and I ordered that both times.  The first time, I told the waitress to put the berry sauce on the side because I usually don't like fruit toppings, they are too sweet and fake tasting.   But this sauce is delicious! It is homemade and very natural tasting, I ate every bit of it.  We also loved the jalepeno bacon.  My kids loved the pigs in a blanket.  We had very nice service both times, we will definitely be back!
4	The Oink Cafe is still young so I am hoping for improvements, not so much with the food, but really with the service. I met a client there one morning for breakfast and although the service was okay, the food was wonderful. I decided to go back the next day for breakfast again and try the French Toast this time. I went to the hostess stand and waited to be seated. I stood there and stood there. I even had a waitress that was standing by the bar doing nothing look right at me and look away. Finally, another waitress running food told her to seat me and she came over and did. I had the French Toast. It was terrific! I wish they had let the bread soak a little longer, but for the most part it was delicious! I took my husband there the next Saturday and just more service problems. The waitress again was rough. My husband's omelet  was wonderful but the home fries were cold. You could tell they sat getting cold until the omelet was done. My French Toast was good, but really dry. Again they didn't let it soak long enough. The concept is great and the food is terrific, but there is still some operational issue that need to be worked out. Better training of the waitresses or better waitresses. The kitchen seemed to struggle during the busy weekend compared as to when I was there during the weekday. I will go back as the food is really good and I hope that they mature!
2	If you've read my reviews at all, you will quickly understand that for me, the restaurant business is a combination of service and product quality.In other words, if the food quality is high enough, I'll put up with ho-hum service. Likewise, if the service is good enough, I'll deal with ho-hum product quality .... A slippery slope that every restaurant ought to be concerned with.So we went to the "Oink Cafe" for the first time as it seems like a fun and cool place to have breakfast and we walked in right at 8 AM with 4 adults and 2 kids under the age of 5 ....  The place was for the most part empty and I immediately had a bad feeling when the hostess asked if we had a reservation.I answered "Yes, but I'm going to eat here anyway" and that famous one liner went right over her head .... So much for my stand up routine.Now remember, the place was pretty much empty and the hostess actually said "We have a hard time with groups as large as 6" ........  You're kidding right??  A hard time with a group of 6 and you want me to make a reso at a breakfast joint??Strike oneOur server was pretty good and had a great smile BUT she let us all order regular black coffee and after it was on the table, mentioned that they also had a wonderful list of specialty coffee's which would have been nice to know before we ordered.Strike twoThe food quality quality wasn't over the top great nor was it awful.  Right in the middle as breakfast is more or less, hard to screw up to bad.Cost was also more or less right in the middle so that wasn't an issue either.What was an issue and probably the key reason I won't go back was the noise factor!  The walls and floors are all hard and after the morning crowds showed up, the noise level shot up and we had to literally shout at each other to be heard !!Strike threeA fun place but a pure novelty that I doubt will be open in a year from now.There are just too many competitive breakfast places that do a better job.
3	I guess this place is known for their bacon? Other than their many bacon-infused menu items I wouldn't really get that vibe, I ordered a side of applewood smoked bacon and it was pretty regular. Nothing amazing or special about it. French toast was yummy, but again, pretty standard. Cute pictures of piglets. Nice color-scheme. Coffee bar is plus. Screaming children was a negative...The service was great. Good location. Will probably back if I'm in the area.
4	Took a group of 8 here this morning for brunch. Our server was great. I had my usual strawberry chicken salad and it was delicious! Others had breakfast items. We all left full and happy. Will definitely come back.
3	Well... with a name like Oink, I expected a cute place full of piggies, bacon infused items, and smokehouse smells.  With fun outdoor windows with cute quotes like... "warning: bacon smell is imminent" I hoped for another breakfast joint to add to our local list of favorites like Chez Vous.  Unfortunately, the food did not stand out by any measure.We sat outside at a wonderful table smelling some scrumptious things from inside.  After looking thoroughly over the menu, we decided we had to try plates with bacon and sausage, signatures off their name, right?  We ordered the Oink Burger - a HUGE sausage patty with hashbrowns and a fried egg on top of a bun - and 2 eggs with hashbrowns, toast, and the applewood bacon.Now if you're like me, you're envisioning thick, smoked bacon and flavorful sausage.  After waiting for the food to arrive, we held our opinions until after tasting the food.  The bacon had a nice flavor, but was very thin and overcooked.  The Oink burger had the makings of a winner, but the almost 2" sausage patty had no flavor and so bland I cut it in half to make a thinner patty.  I think the best thing on the plate was the hashbrowns.  Our waitress was very nice even though she had so many tables to serve she was not able to provide refills on our drinks - something we can easily overlook.I REALLY wanted to love this place...Sadly we didn't find enough amazing differentiators or flavors to drive us back.  I suggest the owners go visit some smokehouses in the south - like Loveless Cafe in Nashville - and bring us some new award worthy dishes!
4	Slightly above average breakfast joint with a few distinctive items.  The servings are more generous than average and service is good.  They have a full bar and of course you have to try the bacon bloody mary!  Would definitely eat here again.
3	I actually ended up here because it's right next to a Subway so I thought I'd give it a try. Plus I make an effort supporting small business. We've actually been there about 3 times.Atmosphere wise, I really enjoy going there in the morning with my kids. The large windows let in a lot of light. Service wise, never had an issue.Food wise, it's alright. I'm not going to complain because it's not bad at all. I seem to always lean toward the Country Fried Steak and it's great. Their bacon? Not worth the extra cost.
4	The bacon is phenomenal! It was literally the best bacon I've ever had. I also ordered a Belgian waffle, which was fluffy and flavorful. I think they sprinkle pumpkin pie spices on top as well. Everything was really good but I can't get over how amazing the Apple smoked bacon was.
4	So here is the deal.  I have been to Oink twice before and although I liked it I was not blown away or anything.  I would say it was slightly above average.  But I also knew there was something special about this place.  So recently I went back for the third time and I discovered something great. So for years now if anyone mentioned chicken fried steak there was only one place that came to mind.  Texaz Grill.  Everyone agrees that they have the best chicken friend steak in town.  Well I am here to tell you,  there is a new player in town.  Oink has amazing, amazing chicken fried steak.  I would have to say that Oink and Texaz Grill are 1 and 1A.  in no particular order.  Also maybe it was because I was enjoying my food so much that the service was also exceptional that day.  I am very much looking forward to my next visit to Oink.
4	Finally tried this place and overall enjoyed the experience. We went on a Sunday morning and it was busy. Good sign and even better, it didn't effect our brunch. Our party of  6 was seated almost immediately. We had two young kids so it was great that we were. Our server was helpful despite the rush and our food arrived  quickly.  Now the menu lived up to its namesake. Bacon was omnipresent! Bacon scones, bacon pancakes, a bacon sampler to name a few. The bacon items were great yet outside of them the rest of the food was rather ordinary, typical breakfast fare. It was good yet nothing different if it wasn't bacon centered. All in all good time and would come back to enjoy the bacon goodies. Maybe the rest of the menu will catch up with its star.
5	Io have been here3 times now and will continue to go back! I go in with my 20 month old son and they always give me the warmest welcome. Clean bathrooms and clean dining room every time I go in. Usually get the eggs Benedict and the holendaise sauce is super flavorful. Bacon iOS more crispy than I prefer but love that they offer a bacon flight. The apple cider bacon is my favorite. Being in the area my whole life, I have seen many places come and go from this location, I'm hoping this sticks around for a long time.
4	Went on a sun morning. Short wait before being seated. Fun atmosphere and theme. Expected more bacon or pork themed items. Ordered chicken fried steak based on another review here. Very good, Highly recommend! Finished with a maple/bacon doughnut, pretty good. Will return
5	I like this place! When I was growing up, my Mother and Grandmother, were determined to put weight on me with their hamburgers.  There'd usually be a 1/2 pound of meat covered with the freshest condiments you might ask for.  Having come from a dairy ranch where they got the freshest beef you could ask for,  any beef they bought had to be up to their standards.  I ate well when we had hamburgers.My mushroom with swiss burger was the first I have had in a long  time that brought back those child hood memories.  The Burger itself is really to big for two hands to hold and I have large hands.  So the bottom bun got soggy.  The beef was fresh enough for it to get that way as you bite into the beef and tastes good in the process!My friend had a burger with bacon on it.  They have eight kinds of bacon to choose from.  She had sugar cured and it was thick cut and yummy.I am going to go out on a limb and say I think the Oink has the best burgers in Phoenix!
5	I have been here a couple of times already and have had two great breakfasts.  The wait staff is pleasant and upbeat.  We were seated right away and able to order in a matter of minutes.The food arrives fresh from the kitchen and reasonable portions.  The restaurant has been fully updated from its previous incarnations.  The price of the food is reasonable and the coffee is delicious.Visit!
1	Horrible service.  We had waited 45 minutes and still didn't have our food. The table next to us came in 20 minutes after us, ate their food, and left.  At one point the server brought us our drinks and said "let me go put down my tray and I will come right back to take your order".  It took her 15 minutes to put down her tray.  She also said "sorry your food isn't up yet, we had a large table ahead of yours", she was saying this as another table next to us, who had ordered after us was receiving their food.  I am sure she took our order and had to "put down her tray" before she sent the order to the kitchen.  We left without eating.
4	Good breakfast place. Open, bright space with friendly staff. Good healthy choice omelette and wonderful biscuits and gravy.
4	Breakfast was awesome. Service was a little slow, but the place was packed. We didn't have to wait long for a table on a late Sunday morning. Overall I was really impressed by the restaurant. Decor was funky and the menu was unique.
4	Great brunch or breakfast place. Went with husband and kids and they loved it, I had their battered French toast, which has a unique sweet crunch to it, and their bacon is flawless. Last time I went I got a veggie omelette. It was good, but I wish there were other types of veggies to add to set it apart from a general veggie omelette. It was still very good, just one of the very few menu items that was not unique. The bakery also is stellar.
5	We love this place. Great service and great food!
5	Tried Oink Cafe on a whim today with some friends, and may I say -- OMG!!! I absolutely LOVED this place! The wait staff was absolutely on point and extremely friendly. The owner happened to be in also, and came over and chatted with us for a bit also which made us feel extra special. As far as the food goes, the Paradise Valley omelet was phenomenal and I could taste the freshness -- I also substituted the applewood smoked bacon for the jalapeno bacon (they have 8 different flavors of bacon). We also tried the bacon maple donut -- this is an absolute MUST TRY!!!! Oink Cafe exceeded our expectations and I will definitely be returning again.
3	The concept is promising, the execution is disappointing. The interior lacks character. The placard on the table looked like someone just dashed it off on their inkjet printer and I can't recall for sure at this moment, but I'm pretty sure there were misspellings. It's as if they didn't have the funds to decorate or add all the little touches that identify the restaurant in the diner's mind. Overall it could use a graphic designer to do the menus and table cards. A visit with an imaginative friend to some store like Z Gallerie or Marshalls Home Store where you can get ready-made framed posters,  canvas prints and such could remedy the bland walls. This is a nice area, between Phoenix, Scottsdale and Paradise Valley. People expect a restaurant to have an identity. Your food has to be crazy good for people to want to return to a place which has all the character of a school cafeteria.OK so who cares about my aesthetic sense; what about the food, right? Well I've only been there once (a 2nd trip planned shortly). My bacon flight was disappointing; a couple of the slices were overcooked and had the consistency of beef jerky. My dining partner's eggs benedict were well-done. That's bad. I talked to another friend who went here and they said the same thing happened to their eggs benedict. The service was OK. I'll give it another try but I doubt this is a place I'll want to make a regular stop. I think I gave it one star too many because  I just wanted so bad for it to be good.UPDATE:went here recently for a 2nd time. Better experience but I'm not changing the 3-star rating. The burgers were very good. The website menu and the physical menu show a discrepancy in the size of the Oink burger patty. The site says 1/3 lb (while all others are 1/2 lb), the menu says 1/2 lb. Pretty sure the actual burger was 1/2 lb. Waitress was a little slow refreshing the teas but she did do it and they were both very good. I hate it when I get stale icky iced tea at a restaurant. It is very inexpensive to keep fresh tea around. It's just water and a tea bag.Unsolicited advice to the owner:1) the concept needs better execution so that your restaurant's concept is 'sticky' in the mind of the diner. They remember it and go back.a) the menus do not really sell the concept and are printed on plain old office paper on an inkjet printer. Hire or finagle a graphic designer to design new menus that better reflect the theme of the restaurant. If you don't want to go for professional-looking laminated menus, at least go to Kelly Paper and get a ream of heavy card stock to print them on so they don't look so cheap.b) the walls need help.2) The table card also needs a graphic designer's touch. What's more, I would not have assumed that a breakfast place - yes I know they serve lunch too but in my mind and most people's, it's a breakfast place - would serve booze yet that is what is on the card, the adult drinks. They have beer and wine and hard drinks too. Some people would like a Bloody Mary with breakfast, I bet they'd order one if you let them know it's available.3) Speaking of Bloody Marys, did you know that there is bacon-flavored vodka? Why are you not pushing Oink Bloody Mary's or something like that? Missing the boat here.4) If I were designing your menus, I would have on every page in big bold type: "SAUSAGE SIZE IT! ADD BACON OR SAUSAGE TO ANY ITEM FOR $1/SLICE" or something like that.5) My friend raved about the bacon maple frosted donut. I did not see it anywhere on the menu. I had to ask the waitress and she said, "oh it's there under 'donuts' on the back page'. All it said was , 'donuts' or whatever. THIS THING WAS ON THE COVER OF NEW TIMES!!! Why aren't you pimping the sht out of it? You might even have some other awesome donuts but you're not trying very hard to sell it to me.
4	This is another 3.5 rounded up to a 4. It gets the extra star because it's ranked rather low on Yelp right now. I'd avoided it before this for that reason, but one day decided to just take the plunge and check it out. After all, it specializes in bacon! Couldn't be that horrible, right? It really is pretty decent. I went there on a Monday afternoon. The place was quiet- there were patrons, but I got seated right away. The wait staff were prompt, and my waitress was fabulous. Sweet and friendly and there with everything I needed. Very cute decor, they have that neat wood-looking tile all over, and the walls are BRIGHT chartreuse. I kid you not. Wear shades. The menu itself is pretty simplistic. Don't expect anything revolutionary. It's got all the staples, benedicts, omelettes, chicken fried steak. I wound up going with their Denver omelette, subbing out the eggs for egg whites. They do allow you to get a pancake instead of toast. It's just one pancake, but I'm watching that waistline anyway. It was good. The Denver omelette had green peppers, spinach and bacon. Lots of bacon, they were super generous, which is awesome. The pancake was huge and fluffy- one was more than enough. They also have a drinks/cocktails menu, so I was able to indulge in a mimosa. Really nice, definitely appreciated that. They've even got a bacon bloody mary. I was tempted but stuck to my mimosa instead.The last food item that I have to mention is their maple glazed bacon donut. Yes, you heard me right. Incredible. I brought it home for my husband and he inhaled it in foodgasmic delight. It's a deep fried cake donut with a maple glaze and tons of bacon. Tons. He gave me a bite- really quite good. So definitely get that! All in all, a nice restaurant. I promised my husband I'd bring him back over when we can. It's not far from us, so we should be able to be by more often than some other brunch places I've reviewed. Don't be put off by the low reviews. The service was good, the food was good, it really does deserve you stopping by at least once!
4	Oink oink!!  That's what I was thinking as I saw the pigs on the walls, on the coffee mugs, and elsewhere around the Oink Cafe.  Not to mention the five different ways that bacon is prepared (applewood smoked, honey cured, sugar cured, peppered, jalapeno).  I found my experience very pleasant as I parked, sat down with no waiting late on a Saturday morning, and was greeting almost right away.  Don't get me wrong...there were still a lot of people in the restaurant, and it appeared that everyone was enjoying themselves.  The service was outstanding as my waitress was very pleasant and helpful and continued to stop by to check on my father and me.  The food itself was very good.  Both my father and I ordered traditional breakfasts (to keep it simple for our first time at the Oink Cafe).  He ordered applewood smoked bacon, extra crispy while I ordered honey cured bacon.  Both orders were delicious!  The rest of the breakfast resembled any other breakfast restaurant though the dishes were still good.  As an entire package (the food, service, wait, atmosphere), it was definitely worth the trip.  Plus, there are some coupons online for 15% off your bill, $1 off any gourmet drink, or a free maple bacon donut (at http://www.8coupons.com/discounts/the-oink-cafe-phoenix-85032).   Oh, and if you're not a fan of bacon, there are plenty of non-bacon breakfast and lunch dishes, too!
5	BACON! I thought the "bacon flight" was the greatest dish ever.  Eight pieces of perfectly cooked bacon, one each of: applewood smoked, sugar cured, honey cured, peppered, cherrywood, apple cider, hickory and jalapeno.  The bacon comes on a plate of lettuce, which as a bonus turns into a mini-salad with bacon flavored dressing, after you eat the bacon (at least it does, if you are a pig like me and my sister, no pun intended).  They also have a half-flight (four pieces of bacon, in flavors of your choice), but the full flight is so much better, IMO, especially the first time eating there.EGGS! Besides the bacon flights, I'm also still in amazement over my scrambled egg. I really don't like eggs that much, so for me to LOVE a scrambled egg is just odd, and to crave a scrambled egg the way I crave a pumpkin frappe or a filet mignon is beyond bizarre.  However, that's how good the egg was.  I cannot stop thinking about it.  Yes - one silly little egg!!!  I suppose that my lack of egg expertise should be taken into consideration, as it is not my usual area of foodie-ness.  However, I may be a convert now after my encounter with the world's most perfect scrambled egg at Oink.My mom ordered the yogurt parfait with granola and fruit.  I did not try it, but it was full of really big fruit, that was fresh, not runny, and the most amazing granola I have ever seen.  When I see giant, whole almonds crowning a tower of fluffy yogurt - I get a little happy.  Too many places give you watery yogurt, with powdery granola and mushy fruit.  But my mom ate the whole thing, so I am assuming it tasted as good as it looked.SERVICE - so mostly good points and a possible negative point.  Our waitress was awesome - she even let me know that the bacon flavored coffee is more of a novelty, which most people try but don't usually ask for refills.  That was nice, since I wasn't in the mood for a novelty.  I ordered an almond latte instead (which was really good), and am going to try the bacon flavored coffee next time.  She also double checked that I said almond and not hazelnut, which I appreciated.  A lot of times people forget and just hope it turns out okay, rather than checking.  The only reason I mention a possible negative point, is because it is more of a relaxed environment, so if you are in a hurry or one of those moody people that expects a certain type of "dining experience" - make sure you sit at the counter I'm guessing.  It's definitely not a matter of "bad" service or "slow" service, or "inattentive" staff.....it is just a relaxed, happy, good mood sort of place.  Maybe I've been living in Boston for too long, if I am even making a note of this?I cannot wait to go back this week, and try more of the menu.  Definitely a five star place.
4	Yum! I have been here a few times now and I have not been disappointed. The specialty coffees are great. I had a latte and it came out piping hot. I've had an omelet and the eggs Benedict and both were very good. Last time I was here I saw someone with an awesome looking Bloody Mary that had strips of bacon garnish which I will definitely try next time.
3	Let me start by giving this place some props. The first time I tried Oink was at the New Times Phoenix A'Fare and I had their bacon donut...and it was AMAZING! So fast forward to a couple weeks ago, the BF and I went to Oink for breakfast. I had the bacon eggs benedict with the honey bacon. It was good, but the hollandaise was a little on the sour side. The eggs were cooked perfectly, however, which I can appreciate. The somewhat downfall was the BF's breakfast. He got the pancakes with bacon inside and they just weren't that special. I make pancakes with bacon inside at home that are better and more flavorful....I do give them credit for their theme and for their creative use of bacon, but the quality of the pancake batter needs to be increased. Now, of course we had to get another maple bacon donut for later.....ohhh it was soooo goood! Overall, Bacon donut = 5 stars, overall experience = just okay, but I would definitely give them another shot if I were in the neighborhood.
4	I really enjoy going to the Oink Cafe for breakfast. They have a few dishes that I really like, especially the Arizona Omelette. That one is a little spicy and really good. The service is usually really good, sometimes a little slow if they're really busy. But that's to be expected anywhere you go. After some recent disappointments with other breakfast places, finally a restaurant where everything is just right. Keep it up, I'll be back for more.
5	BACON...need I say more?? i enjoy the smell of the bacon as it makes it's way into the air and over to where I live. I love coming here for breakfast and lunch. All the gals there are friendly and the service is good. In fact today when I mentioned to the owner's brother that I had not tried the apple cider (it was jalapeno for me today) he went and got me some to try - that's treating the customer right!
2	The service was friendly but VERY poor.  We had to ask for water 4 times.  My friend ordered the Southwest omelette scrambled.  I created my own egg white scramble with spinach, tomato, jalapeno, pepper jack cheese and avocado.  We both ordered wheat toast and hash browns well done.  A different waiter brought us our breakfast. His was an omelet not scrambled but ate it anyway.  My was egg omelet not egg white scrambled no avocado, raw hash browns and no toast.  We sent it back but before we received it our original waiter brought us the check without checking on us and made a comment how I ate mine pretty fast.  The order came out again without the avocado, wheat toast and no jelly.  We had to ask twice for the bacon donut  holes (Yum!) which he finally brought but seemed a little confused as to what exactly they were.  He did have the manager remove our two Bloody Mary's.  We did noticed two other tables that this waiter had also had problems.  We will try this place again as the food was pretty good once we got it but hopefully we will get the right food at the same time and better service.
5	Love this place.  And being kid friendly is a huge plus for us.  We have had the pleasure of eating here several times and have never been disappointed.  Wait staff has always been friendly and pleasant.  We do not  mind waiting on average 20-30 minutes.  It is worth it.  Love this neighborhood cafe.
4	Tried The Oink Cafe for the first time this morning, and we're glad we did. We were seated promptly by a waitress in an extremely good mood. Noticed the other waitresses also seemed happy to be serving customers. Nice to see. The menu isn't extensive, but has enough options to satisfy most anyone. They serve alcohol, which is nice for someone that wants a Bloody with their breakfast. Food was hot and well done. The hash browns were crispy on the outside. After asking for "crispy" bacon, it was nice to actually receive crispy bacon. Too many places haven't figured out how to do that yet. Our Iced Teas were refilled without having to ask. Even though places like Chompies have a lot to choose from and the food is good, I really enjoy smaller neighborhood or Mom and Pop places like Oink. Will definitely go back for breakfast and am curious to try them for lunch.
1	I was really looking forward to this place.... Won't be back. We ordered biscuits and gravy and chorizo and eggs with a side of turkey and bacon. It took 50 min for the food to come out and when it did everything was cold. The sparse sausage gravy  was lumpy and bland, and the biscuits were dry. On the chorizo and eggs, my dining companion said they were 'okay' mind you that the waitress had said that the reason for the wait on the food was because they were making "fresh Chorizo'' we wondered if they meant they were mid slaughter being as it took so long to arrive. But then it was just OKAY? yeah, not good enough. When the food came out the waitress dropped the side of turkey sausage, which ended up being a blessing because, though it took 10 more minutes to get a new order, at least it was hot. We won't be going back.
1	The PV Mall area is in desperate need of a good breakfast joint. You can get Matt's if you go downtown and there are now multiple Over Easy's around the east valley. Unfortunately, this place isn't it. I'm wondering if the 5 star reviews have this place mixed up with another place. Let me first say I think they are trying but if you are bold enough to have a "Bacon Lovers Entrance" then you better deliver. Everyone was friendly and we seated promptly. My boy had the kids pigs in a blanket and I had the two egg breakfast. Before I jump ahead I should back up a bit. Coffee... I love good coffee and for $2.29 I expect some tasty premium coffee. No such luck. Burnt and rather acidic this is the kind of swill you get at Denny's. Am I being too picky if I don't like to have the little Shamrock farms containers on the table?  Fresh cream please. You are competing to be the go to breakfast place for the neighborhood. Back to the food. My 2 eggs, over medium, were serviceable and prepared as expected.  The hash browns were super salty and even the egg yolk couldn't make them tasty. Not good at all. I had the applewood smoked bacon. I got 2 flimsy pieces that probably were cooked 4 or 5 hours ago and were burnt around the edges. They were also appeared to be about 1/2 the size of a normal piece of bacon. This is a bacon place and you serve this?  My Kirkland Signature precooked bacon at home placed in the oven for 10 minutes is way better. Seriously how can you serve this?  English muffin was OK. Everything probably sat for 5-7 minutes before it got to me. Not cold but not just off the griddle either. My son's "Pigs in a Blanket" we're worse. The pancakes were crumbly like a biscuit. They had a strange consistency that really was like a sweet biscuit. The Pigs inside of the blanket were of the Brown N Serve variety or whatever the food supply company sells as a equivalent. Really not good. How do you call yourself The Oink Cafe and serve these pork abominations?  I know their trying to give you a quality experience but with the pork products they're serving I don't think they are going to be around.
4	Consistent.This place delivers a great product every single time I'm here. The eggs are always cooked perfectly, and I love that!The wait on the weekend can get long so get there early. They only take reservations for 6 or more. They have a cute patio that allows dogs, but I normally end up sitting inside at a booth. The service is very friendly and they remember us every time we come in. They have an awesome Oink Bloody Mary, that includes a strip of your choice of bacon (they have 7 kinds). The mimosas are nice and refreshing too.I normally order the Pancake Combo, now i do not traditionally like pancakes or sweets at all, but they do them right here. I always have them add fresh blueberries, YUM! It comes with that perfectly cooked egg and the meat of your choice. I really like the sugar cured or jalapeno bacon. The Bacon is not very thick and could be a little more impressive since that is the whole theme of the restaurant, but its still good. I have also ordered the Pigs in a Blanket. The portion is huge! It is three full sized pancakes (with blueberries for me) stuffed with a sausage link, served with your choice of potato.I really like the people and food here... check it out.
2	I LOVE BACON!! So of course when I heard of this place, I couldn't wait to go. We got there and the greeting was lukewarm. We had to wait a little while before we were seated. Once we were seated it took quite awhile before anyone took our drink order. We had the bacon topped doughnut which I actually didn't expect to like. It was delicious!! Unfortunately, that is the only thing I can rave about. We ordered the bacon flight. At a placed called Oink, you would think the bacon would be exceptional; not so. It was over-cooked and thin :-(. My omelette was nothing special. It wasn't terrible, just something you can get at any breakfast chain. With a name like Oink, I thought I was going to have an exceptional breakfast experience. It was just mediocre at best and the service was not good at all. Definitely not worth going if you have to go out of your way to get there.
3	I see that a lot of people think this place is great and I did love my BLT but the French toast was nothing to write home about. And I guess they were severely understaffed because I waited so long for sugar for my coffee that the coffee got cold. They did give me another coffee but not the sugar so I borrowed from a neighboring table. Probably not going to go there again....
4	Good food.  Great service. The chicken strawberry salad is my favorite.
3	Nice place to get some Breakfast or Lunch in the PV Mall area. Inside is somewhat simple with the basic PIG theme (Oink). They have both booths and tables that you can request. Gets really busy and you will probably have to wait a bit. So get there a little early and get your name on the list. We went shopping next door and got back right when they called our name. Perfect timing.The menu has a large selection of most of your favorite breakfast dishes as well as a lunch menu with burgers and sandwiches. They also serve soup, an array of salads, oatmeal, yogurt with granola, mac and cheese, chicken, fish and chips, and even chicken fried steak.Today my Yelp friend and I did the breakfast dance. I ordered the The OINK Omelette which has 5 eggs and is stuffed with a bunch of the meat group covered with cheddar cheese. Had to try a side of the Half Flight of Bacon which is 4 out of the 8 choices of flavored Bacon strips and a side of what they call ranchero sauce for my omelette.Our server Cheyenne was both friendly and most accommodating even though the restaurant was totally packed. She made sure that we had everything we needed and then some.The food was tasty yet somewhat average and the bacon was a little pricey. Would have liked a thicker cut of the Bacon as well as it being cooked a little slower to prevent shrinkage. After all it is served on a butcher block. Thick BABY! The Omelette was tasty and quite filling. What they call ranchero sauce is really more of a New Mexico style enchilada sauce. Ranchero sauce is usually more of a fresh sauce cooked with tomatoes, onion, peppers, garlic and herbs. I bet their version would taste great on one of their burrito options. Hmm?Definitely worth a visit when you are shopping and getting ready to drop. Open every day from 7 am to 2pm. Enjoy!
3	Every once in a while, I enjoy eating breakfast, or brunch out.I was never really a big breakfast type growing up.  Probably because I was raised on the Scottish interpretation of it.  If you're not familiar with their high fat delicacies you might want to search "blood sausage". To this day, it makes my head twitch whenever I think about it.Thankfully, The Oink Cafe doesn't have any blood sausage. But what they do have is a very nice assortment of your normal breakfast items.  Blueberry pancakes, Belgium Waffles, French Toast, all sorts of egg dishes, including Huevos Rancheros, and most of all bacon -- all types.  Oink!  You can even order a medley of your favorites.This past Saturday, a Yelp friend and I decided to give Oinks a try.  It was a little crowded, so we killed time going next door to Half Priced Books. I found Sarah Silverman's very funny "Bedwetter" for $3.99. http://www.nytimes.com/2010/05/04/books/04book.htmlAs we exited the bookstore, they were calling my name. Great!  I just love it when a plan comes together.  We were seated promptly in one of their booths and given menus.  Our server Cheyene was there within seconds offering us juice or coffee. Very nice!We went with the Oink Omelette and Hash Browns for $10.99, with a side of their bacon samplers (called "1/2 Flight" - Pepper, Jalapeno, Apple and Pecanwood) $4.99.  I ordered the French Toast combo with sausage patties for $8.99 and cup of coffee $2.29.We both decided the food was good, although somewhat uninspiring.  For example, the sausage patties were two small things (see photo) that tasted like they came from Sysco Food Services.  While the French Toast was bland and could have used some cinnamon in the batter. The real star of the show at Oinks was the bacon medley.  What a surprise, right?  In summary, we had a nice time and would definitely consider coming back.  If only to enjoy the hospitality of our server Cheyene again.  Our total bill came to $30.89 including taxes, but before gratuities.  So, Three Stars "A-OK"!
2	If you want a good, big breakfast this is the place. I've had everyone of their omelets and liked or loved each one. When they first opened the service was good and the staff was friendly. The past 6 times visits the service got progressively worse. The past 2 trips were especially bad. I only got 3 cups of coffee because our waitress disappeared. We won't go back because the service was so bad. Again the food is great but the horrible service will keep us away.
4	I went back to Oink this morning since I was in that neighborhood. I must say, it was much better than last time! They have updated the menu and added some new items. I tried the pork confit benedict. It was pretty delish. The pork was falling apart and had delicious flavor, the eggs were cooked perfectly, and the sauce was good too. Definite winning dish. The BF got the bacon pancakes again this time, and he said they were also much better. The batter tasted more homemade versus batter from the box. The prices are still a touch high, in my opinion, but I would definitely go back here because the food was very good. Nice job Oink!
4	I went here with my wife and couple of our friends during the Sunday morning breakfast rush. This place was very busy, and I could see why. The reason? Bacon. Need I say more?So I totally pigged out. I figures, what the heck. New place? Let's go knee deep. I had The Oink Omelette. I used to be a fat kid, so I felt my old self pop out. Five eggs, with bacon, sausage, ham and cheddar cheese. With hash browns. How I didn't keel over with a heart attack, I don't know. In my defense! I didn't eat the whole thing! But I did eat a lot. The servers here were so friendly! There was an older woman in particular who I noticed calling people by their names. She was very attentive with refilling coffee and water. Next time, I think I'll try their jalapeno bacon.
4	On Sundays, get here early. Food is good. Staff is very nice and friendly.
2	I've been here a handful of times and each time my experience has been average.  I primarily continue to come here because it's only a few blocks from my house and it's an easy place to meet clients for meetings. However, having said all of that, I highly doubt I'll be back after my experience this morning.I arrived this morning to read the paper and relax.  I always order the huevos rancheros because it's always been good to me.  I've had clients who have ordered other items on the menu and have been very disappointed (I have had two friends order a dish that came with a biscuit--each time, the biscuits had the consistency of a rock).  Anyway, for whatever reason, I decided to live dangerously and order something else.  I ordered the egg white omelet with home fries and whole wheat toast.  It arrived and was nothing unique or off-the-charts.  But hey, it tasted good.  After I was done polishing that off, I still had a hankering (yeah, that's right--a hankering) for something else.  Considering how full I was, I needed something small.  I remembered seeing blueberry pancakes on the menu, so I asked my server how many came with a side order.  He told me a stack of two or four. I asked him if they were gigantic and he said no, they were typical pancakes.  I put in an order for two.  When they arrived they looked good, but like everything else here, were nothing special.  Imagine my surprise when I cut into the short stack and realized only one of them had blueberries in it.  Oh well, what the hell; I ate them both.  After many attempts to get a coffee refill (I was seated on the patio--if you like refills, don't sit there) I gave up and looked at the check.  (Side note: The servers here immediately give you the check after your food arrives.  Their reasoning is that they don't want you to have to wait for the check.  I don't buy it.  I feel rushed when they do this. In fact, they tell you "No rush" when they put it on the table, so clearly I'm not the only one that has wondered about this.)  The check was pretty straightforward, except for the charge related to my two blueberry pancakes (sans blueberries).  For some reason, my server accidentally charged me for the blueberry pancake meal, or so I thought, since he charged me $6.99 for the dish.  I asked about it, and guess what?  It was not a mistake.  This place has the audacity to charge $7 for TWO PANCAKES!!!  What the heck is in them that they cost $3.50 a piece?  Before I wrote this review, I called IHOP  (yes, IHOP--they're across the street from Oink, so they're competition and the food quality is comparable) and asked them how much their double blueberry pancake side costs.  A stack of two costs $3.79 and a stack of four costs $6.99.  Can you explain that to me?  Same size, same ingredients, same zip code, hell, the same street, but Oink charges DOUBLE!  Anyway, considering the outrageous prices, the average service (servers are nice, but not very quick with the refills, or anything else, except the check), and the average/slightly above average food, I feel like I can do better.  IHOP, here I come!
5	We have been here a handful of times, but I have never taken the time time to write a review until today. We went out to celebrate Father's Day a little early since we won't be in town for the next few weekends. Anyway, we happen to mention it just in conversation and the next thing we know, our waitress brought over some complimentary bacon donuts. Then the manager stopped by to welcome us and just say hello and happy Father's Day! I have to say the service today was phenomenal. We felt so special and just loved being there today. The food has always been good, but the service today is what will make us go back sooner rather than later!!! Thanks guys!!
5	I love this place. Evey time we go the staff is terrific and the food of great. And the bacon donuts don't disappoint. For me, Oink is great alternative to IHOP (meh) and Chompie's (good, but overwhelming). It's a locally-owned neighborhood spot for a good breakfast in an intimate setting. We've never had an issue with the food or the service. When we were there last month the owner was walking to each table, talking to customers, and just making sure they/we were ok. This morning we went with friends and the GM was doing the same thing. He stopped at our table, made a genuine effort to talk to us and our kids (making a big to-do about hanging their pig pictures on the wall), and made sure we were well taken care of. Stuff like this goes a long way with me, and is a big reason why I will keep coming back. I always order the Pig in a Blanket which never disappoints. Love this place! There have been so many restaurants come and go in this space over the years. . . .I hope this one stays for a while.
3	Ok so I have had some good and some bad.  The last couple times were not so good.  The food is good and the restaurant is clean but you gotta get better wait staff.  They tend to be disorganized and forget things.  There seems to always be confusion on who's table it is.  The biggest thing though... Stop with the gossiping!! I really don't need to hear about your personal and work problems as I eat.  Serving 101 tells you not to complain and gossip anywhere near ear shot of the guest.  It would be really easy for me to give this place 4 stars if it was more consistent. Undercooked eggs one time, perfect eggs the next etc
5	My friends and I went to The Oink Cafe for an impromptu birthday breakfast. To their credit, we were pleasantly surprised. We were sat in a timely fashion and the server steered us towards ordering macchiatos instead of just coffees. The bacon platter was awesome. My favorite were the jalapeno bacon strips. The country fried steak came highly recommended, and it did not disappoint. Their staff was friendly, the restaurant was clean, and the food and service was terrific! This place is worth every penny!
3	I went here today to try out the new local breakfast joint and just get something to go. I stood at the to go window for about 15 minutes before having to flag someone down to finally help me. I ordered the Maple bacon donut which they only had one left and it was kinda crumbled so the manager said I could have it for free which i thought was great and super nice of him but the waitress still charged me which, i wasn't going to haggle over it. So in regards to the service the manager was super nice and fantastic. The waitress left a lot to be desired but i won't hold that against the restaurant. sooo, back to the food. the bacon maple donut is a cake donut with crunchy bacon sprinkled on top all glazed over. I thought it was good but not great. The donut seemed a little over cooked so u didn't get that soft middle but the taste was nice. a nice salty almost toffee like crunch from the bacon with a little bit of sweetness from the maple glaze. I could of used a little bit more sweetness at the tail end though. I also ordered their bacon flight which comes with 8 different types of bacon including applewood, hone cured, jalapeno, peppered, sugar cured, hickory, apple cider, and pecanwood. The bacon left  a lot to be desired with only the peppered and jalapeno sticking out. Otherwise i wouldn't of been able to tell the others apart. I cleared my pallet after each piece to taste the different notes but they just weren't there. The bacon wasn't bad, don't get me wrong but it tasted like the bacon u would get at waffle house. Overall I think a 3 out of 5 is pretty accurate. I like what there trying to do and I liked the manager but the execution is not there yet. We don't have many good local restaurants on this side of town so I really hope they can find a winning formula.
4	Great service and excellent place to get breakfast. The eggs Benedict were made perfect! You won't be disappointed by their omelettes either
5	This is a great place. Always make sure to bring the family all 26 of us when in town! They have Great service . All it takes is a call and they can find room! We try to go early because we have such a good time here!Who Doesn't Love Bacon 7 different kinds! and their  food is wonderfull!!Fluffy pancakes, Crispy Bacon, Great Eggs Benedict! and I caould go on you just have to try it to believe it.  and did I mention 7 different kinds of bacon love it
4	Damn. If we truly are what we eat, I'm in trouble.Anyone that reads my reviews knows I hold Matt's Big Breakfast at the top tier of breakfast places. Every time I go to Matt's I get friendly service and PERFECT breakfast...and they are the only place in the Valley that get's the 5 stars for breakfast (at least in my book). That being said, we have been to Oink Cafe a few times and are impressed. This is a bacon place. They have about 8 different kinds of bacon, and all are really yummy. The Omelettes are pretty damned good, I have to say. The Country Potatoe's are really good, as well. The egg and meat (think bacon) dishes are very good. So, if you can't make it to Matt's, come here. They're on to something, and it's very, very good.
3	Pros: Good amount of choices for menu options, including a full coffee service menu.  Staff was friendly.  Food was good - I had the waffle combo. Cons: Noisy and a little on top of each other as far as table space.  There was a wait and no real place to stand and wait other than outside.  A touch overpriced for breakfast food, making them a bit less competitive for the surrounding area.Overall: B+ Not the best breakfast place we have been to in Phoenix, but most certainly not the worst.  We'll be back for the bacon flight!
4	One of my favorite places for breakfast or lunch in the area! Others have mentioned the noisey atmosphere, but I appreciate it since I have a little one that can be a bit on the noisey side herself and here she blends in.  I highly recommend stopping in on a week day for lunch if you are looking for it to be much quieter.  The manager is great. He is always working the room and stopping at tables to chat. The food is always great! If you are lucky enough to stop in when they have beer cheese soup it is a must to get. I have never had such delicious soup. A must try!
5	Finely some one gets the basic's right, All I want is a real good cup of coffee and for it to never stop while I'm eating ( always full and hot ) are soda also, Ya!The menu is simple and the staff did not mind me asking them a bunch of questions at are first and second visit. I ate your basic meal the first day Veggie Omelet and tried something new the second time, (Eggs Benedict with home maid pulled pork, OMG it's my new favorite ) And guess what? they do one hell of a lunch, got a burger and took some home. yes that good and big, Wish they did dinner, I'd never eat at home again.The staff is great, Ask for Rachelle and you'll love place even more ( so knowledgeable ) The manager comes around to see how your doing, that means a lot to me.One suggestion:To The Oink Cafe, a loyalty type coupon/card or coupons for your next visit would be nice guys. Marketing 101, repeat customers will keep coming if you show them that they are valued.I wish them good luck, and you'll probably see me there too
2	Maybe a busy Saturday morning is not The Oink Cafe at its best...but then it should be at its best on a busy Saturday. Yes, they have 8 varieties of bacon. Mine was no bigger or better than the bacon I had earlier in the week at Wendy's. The potatoes were dry and tasted like frozen from the bag. Coffee was good. One of my guests ordered a Bloody Mary--I couldn't help but notice that she only drank half, too polite to say anything negative. Waitress was friendly.
4	What a great place!  Went there for breakfast while in town.  The day we went a local television station was there doing a live shot.  Despite that we were greeted and  seated as soon as we walked in.  The waitress was very friendly without bring overbearing.  The Bacon Bloody Mary was one of the best I have ever had.  Our food came out quickly.  It was very full of flavor.  The flight of bacon was excellent.  The Ranchero Sauce was made by someone who really knew what they were doing.  The taste was exciting and full of flavor.  The servings were plentiful without leaving me feeling like I ate too much.  The owner stopped at our table despite the large crowd that was on hand to say hello and check on us.An excellent place which will be on my short list to visit again.
4	I was out doing early Sunday errands before settling in for Football.I drove past all of the chain restaurants and had decided I'd just cook breakfast myself at home.Then I saw a sign in a strip mall that yelled OINK at me.Early Sunday, no traffic, I whipped around on Cactus and headed back to see if this was a breakfast restaurant, a BBQ place, or a feed store for pig farmers.It turned out to be a restaurant - not for breakfast only, but definitely a breakfast menu.I went simple, rocking my Denver Bronco's cap ordering the Denver omelet was a natch.The omelet was done perfectly.  I cook a lot, so I'm well aware of the very short window you have to turn out a perfectly done omelet.  They didn't hold back on the ingredients, nor did they overload it.  Excellent job.  I got the hash browns - these were pretty weak hash browns, incredibly dry - not cooked in enough grease.  They need a better hash brown solution.  Next time I'll try the home fries and see if those are better.  The coffee was good, I just went with the straight coffee but I did notice on the menu they had a whole espresso drink option.I plan on returning often.I'd really love to give them 5 stars, due to the great authentic feel and great morning ambiance (not to mention the perfect omelet), but I have to hold them accountable for the very weak hash browns.
5	excellent burger. very filling.
1	Worst chorizo I have ever tasted... Never again!!! I ordered the Arizona omelet and it was covered in "ranchero" sauce that had the worst flavor. I will never be back.
4	Went here on a business lunch meeting. And it was perfect atmosphere; quiet and large tables to able us to review work. But besides that.....I can not say enough about their Macaroni & Cheese with jalapenos and jalapeno bacon! Yes, that is right JALAPENO BACON!! OMG!! This is the bomb! I am definitely coming back for breakfast during the weekend. I spyed some killer looking drinks like the Bacon Bloody Mary! So YUMMY!!!!
2	We have had Breakfast there a few times and thought it was very good and the service was good. So, a friend of mine and I met yesterday for lunch. This is not a $30.00 lunch place. Two burgers, two sodas...$29.35 then there is the tip which the server earned. We did notice it was noon and the place was maybe 30% seated outside only one diner. My friend added bacon to a sandwich, two pieces, $2.98??? I hope they can survive serving just breakfast because lunch is out.
2	I would probably only give this place two stars. I came for breakfast with my boyfriend today and neither of us were too impressed. We started with the flight of bacon. First of all for what you get it's expensive. $8-$9. They all tasted the same except for the peppered bacon somewhat stood out. I ordered the Arizona omelette because I love chorizo. You literally couldn't even taste or see the chorizo. It seemed like one big blended omelette. Kind of weird. Plus it's SMOTHERED in "ranchero" sauce. It's this dark red thick spicy sauce. I would ask for it on the side if you're going to order it. My boyfriend got the breakfast burger. He didn't seem too thrilled. To be honest, I know it's the "oink cafe" but it was almost pork overload. And I don't really enjoy staring at pictures of cute cartoon pigs all over the walls while I eat bacon. Probably won't be returning.
4	Have been here twice now for breakfast. I've had the blueberry pancakes and huevos rancheros. I love all of their different options for bacon. My favorites are the jalepeno and the apple cider! Friendly staff, good food, and fast service. All in all a good experience! I will be returning!
1	Walked in and had to wait 5-6 minutes for acknowledgment from anyone.   After we asked if we could just take a table,  we waited what seemed another 5mins for menus.   We asked for coffee ASAP and sat another 8mins before just leaving.   The place was not busy and had tables open.   I don't think speed is a priority and from what we were able to gleam from the prices on the filthy menu, neither is value.   $3 for an egg and $2.50 for a slice of bacon? ... really?   No thanks.   We went to 5 & diner for half the cost and had coffees in hand within 4mins.
3	Smells amazing.  Bacon donuts...can't wait.
5	Oops we ate some of them before the pic. Can't resist the bacon ! OK I get it , bacon is good in everything. BUT really get the bacon flight, that's what I said bacon FLIGHT. Many thick cut bacon's , maple , pecan, jalapeno, just to name a few  I'm kind of ashamed to say that when my hubby got a call from work I couldn't stop myself from eating his portion. They also have the best biscuits and gravy that I've ever tasted.  The Benedict is also good as well as the pancakes.  Good coffee too.The service has always been great even when the place is packed.  Try to get there early if your going on the weekend, that's your best bet for not waiting a long time.
4	Bacon! Bacon!  And more Bacon!  Even the donuts are made out of bacon.  It is really quite good though not spectacularly so.  -2 stars if you are a vegetarian.
2	Went for breakfast today. The food was typical breakfast food. The bacon was good but not anything special. What really turned me off was Fox News playing on the tvs. Completely made me lose my appetite and shouldn't be on at a restaurant unless you know your only customers are idiots.
4	This cafe serves good brunch fare, perhaps a tad pricey but the food is definitely tasty and satisfying. The service is very friendly and the atmosphere is casual ... I was about to say relaxed, but then I remembered how crowded it gets on weekends and the wait can be quite long during those times. Unless you plan to come early on weekends, weekdays are probably the best days to try this place out.
3	There aren't a ton of non-chain breakfast places in that area, so this fits the bill if you're looking for a standard breakfast/brunch. The restaurant is a lot larger than it appears from the outside, and there entrance is actually on the backside of the building. The bacon flight wasn't as awesome as we were hoping for, but overall, a decent option if you're in the neighborhood and sick of Chompie's.
4	Had a wonderful breakfast today.  Pecan wood smoked bacon, eggs and a biscuit.  Next time I want to try the bacon sampler platter.  I must have seen 10 of them go out today while e were there.
4	Nice alternative to the typical IHOP places. Good food and neat concept, and our waitress was a blast! Liked it so much we bought a mug!
3	Food was ok, some of the bacon was above average. My husband got the pancakes, average. Son got French toast, basic white bread dipped in egg. I got a waffle which was actually very good. The wait staff was non existent. I waited 10 minutes for a water refill. When we gave our name we told them 2 and a high chair. The manager seated us and told us there were no high chairs- as we passed a table with 2, I told him we'd have to go elsewhere and magically there were plenty of highchairs. We ordered a bacon flight. I will say it was all good and cooked the right way- not some crunchy dog treat like some restaurants. I highly recommend the jalapeno bacon! With hickory and pecan wood tied for second. My husband was sure to have his card out when the wait staff appeared, we didn't know how long it would be if she had to make another trip.
1	There was hardly anyone in the restaurant on 12/23/2013 and we waited 45 minutes for our food.  When it came out it was cold and the cheese was congealed on our sandwiches as it appeared it was kept under the heating lamp.  The waitress never removed our plates after the meal and we didn't receive our salads prior to the meal.  If you go here you have to be prepared to let your expectations of good service go. We heard about this joint from the food network prior to going and it didn't meet our exceptions on both food quality and service.  Sometimes I can overlook some food quality issues if the service is good but this place has neither.
5	Bacon flight and bacon crusted donuts were incredible.  Service was fast and friendly!!  A must visit. Especially if you like bacon. Who doesn't??
3	I really wanted to love this place and the concept is a great one but it didn't live up to its potential. The service here was sub par, it was really busy and a little longer wait is fine. Our waitress never returned to fill our drinks, never checked to see if we needed anything and had to be flagged down in order to get our check. Like I said they were busy and I'll gladly make exceptions for that but being completely ignored is unacceptable to me. The food was only ok as well. We ordered a flight of bacon, which is supposed to be the backbone of the menu. All of the samples were good but none of them were great. In most cases I wouldn't be able to distinguish it from store bought bacon, with the peppered bacon as the exception. Both of our breakfast items were ok, a little on the bland side. Nothing worth complaining about or sending back but also nothing that would make me come running back. Overall it reminded me of a small town greasy spoon diner that was trying desperately to be a trendy uptown bistro.
2	I thought I should write an update, as since my first visit 4 months ago I have dined there abput 8 times.My experiences have never been as good as my first visit.  The omelet has not once been fluffy like the first time.  Since I cook a lot, cooking a flat omelet isn't a challenge so I'd just as soon keep the $20 in my pocket.  In addition, the last time I visited I ordered a side of bacon and it was delivered cold - not warm, cold, cooked but cold.  The restaurant was not busy, perhaps 35% capacity.  Flat omelets and cold bacon isn't worth the price.  I don't think I'll return, too many other places to try.
5	Walking into Oink, you'll discover it's anything but a pigpen. Clean, minimalist design, wide open aisles, bright atmosphere. The menu is simple, but lots of bacon choices. Prices are moderate, food quality is excellent. Most breakfasts include choice of hash browns, cottage cheese or even fruit at no additional charge. Coffee is simply standard old brewed restaurant coffee, but they do have specialty espresso based drinks, that I did not try. I will definitely be back.
5	I've had the jalapeno bacon stuffed pancakes, they're to die for every bite is hot and sweet...we've never had a bad meal and always recommend it!
2	Super nice staff. My latte was barely warm and not much to wrote home about. The bacon donut was good. Like pancakes and bacon had a baby!
3	Everthing we had was good. Service took A LONG time. The food could be hotter (temp.) ours was just warm. I love the unique bacons you can choose. It is a little pricey for what you get.
4	After passing this place numerous times, I finally had a chance to visit for brunch. It's a basic breakfast cafe. Nothing too fancy but not divey either. A perfect place to meet friends for a quiet lunch or breakfast. It's also very child friendly. I had the california chicken sandwich and it was very good! It was a nice sized chicken breast , with bacon, cheese, and green chile. I've never had green chile on a chicken sandwich and it was sooo good!  I couldn't eat it fast enough. I ordered my son the chicken fingers which were the right amount of chicken and breading. My companions both had french toast and were very happy. The service was prompt and friendly. Overall a fun experience that I will definitely try out again.
2	Not impressed. Ordered Ham steak and eggs for $8.99. If the ham was shoe leather it would'nt be enough leather to resole my 18mo grandsons shoe. $3.99 for one dinky biscuit with gravy (which was horrible) come on. hash browns were cold and flavorless. service was so-so. You need to get it together. there are better breakfast restaurants out there competing for your dollar. I  would not go out of my way to return
5	I've never been here but it sure was good. Be prepared to be filled. Wow. Busy place. Really love their good and the bacon was amazing. Highly recommend!
5	An absolute favorite for breakfast. Where else can you try a bacon flight with 8 different varieties made in-house and served on a pig-shaped platter? The BLT is outstanding. And don't forget the bacon donut to finish off the meal. Oink is a can't-miss if you want a unique breakfast experience...and lots of bacon!
3	Went for breakfast with friends and was not overly impressed with the food. Two tiny pieces of bacon with "home fries" that appeared to come from frozen. There are far better choices close by. We won't be going back.
2	The last time I was here we had a big group and so the slower service made sense. But today it's just me and my friend. We asked if the bar was open seating and they said no. The hostess passed us over because she can't confirm what she heard.  In the meantime people just walked up and sat at the bar. Great....so we did the same. The problem is understaffing and mis-staffing. The bar guy is responsible for so much that he's super busy but others are standing around laughing, not rushing and most importantly not helping out. The food was decent but nothing special. The bacon of course is outstanding but the little things are missed.
3	Patience required. We go on Sundays and usually get there around 8:30am. Typically the wait is about 15 minutes. My favorite so far is the Oink Breakfast Burger and the Sweet Potato Fries. The service is usually slow. It's a very busy place and I'm an understanding person so it doesn't really bother me much but for someone in a rush it's probably not going to be a good choice for you. Good luck getting a refill on your water. My husband ordered the steak and eggs last time and he asked for his steak to be cooked medium well. When he got it the steak was more like medium rare...super pink and undercooked. So he was upset about that. The manager did offer to bring him a new dish, so that was nice.  Main reason we keep coming back is that we live so close. It's a decent breakfast, definitely better than Denny's.
4	This is where you go to get yer pig on, I'm talking bacon mania.  A wide variety of delicious breakfast plates, most of which feature that crispy delight, will satisfy ANY appetite. This place proves the old adage that 'bacon makes everything better'.
4	Took a group of 8 here this morning for brunch. Our server was great. I had my usual strawberry chicken salad and it was delicious! Others had breakfast items. We all left full and happy. Will definitely come back.
4	They have breakfast and lunch pretty well figured out. They don't have *everything*, but what they do, they do well.We've had the bad luck of having one certain server several times that isn't as good as the others. Doesn't ask what kind of bacon you want of the eight choices, nor which  sides for sandwiches. She couldn't figure out how to accommodate a flavored green tea.
4	Excellent food & service to match. Clean restaurant & bathrooms too....that says something!
4	This is one of our favorite places to go.  Good food, love the omelets and of course the bacon.  Good coffee.  Service can depend on who's area you are seated in, but over all we haven't had a bad experience.  Make sure if you go at lunch that you order before any big groups, it can take a while.
4	To me, it doesn't matter that we didn't have a full breakfast here. Oink warrants 4 stars simply because they have 8 types of bacon and they are all delicious.Plus: great service and a dog friendly patio!We look forward to returning to enjoy an actual breakfast, but until then, come here if you like bacon. Oink!
2	Underwhelming. It was a decent, basic breakfast. Nothing special. The bacon board was kind of sad looking with 4 shriveled pieces of bacon on a giant plastic cutting board.
5	This place is great for breakfast!  I must admit, I have not tried all the bacon, but they make a very tasty Denver omelette and really good hashbrowns.
5	Excellent choice if you want a good hearty breakfast. Don't come here to eat healthy, there are too many yummy distractions. Had the eggs benedict and a side of pancakes that were tasty and very filling!!
5	Delicious! Long wait but was worth it.We grabbed drinks & bacon doughnut holes from the coffee bar while waiting. Love their vanilla lattes, amazing omelets, and you have not lived until you've had a flight of bacon.
3	Three stars because it was average. I loved the idea of this place, and thought it would be fun to try. Well, it was average. I got a half flight of bacon (4 pieces - applewood, honey, sugar and apple cider). The only one that tasted any different from its brothers was the apple cider. I'm not sure if I actually liked it or just likes the fact it didn't taste the same. I got the bacon benedict. It looked good, and the hash towns weren't bad (if very plain). The bacon was very hard, and the sauce was way too thick. It was also honestly kind of tasteless. My mother and daughter both had French toast and enjoyed it, however. Just for fun we ordered a bacon donut on our way out. Granted I didn't eat it until a few hours after we'd left (kids, whatcha gonna do?), but I didn't find it very good either. Not much taste, very dense.
1	Tried this place for breakfast a few weeks ago on a Saturday. Extremely long wait for food. 1 hour to be exact. 3 men came in and sat down beside us and it was obvious one of them had the hots for the waitress. They both flirted back and forth the entire time.  Amazingly they got their food in 10 minutes. After  I saw that I spoke up and asked "what's is going on here"? she said she they must know someone in the kitchen, haha. Needless to say that's all we needed to hear. Ba bye Oink, we won't be seeing you again.
2	We had been there for lunch a few months ago and it was average in service but high in price. We tried again yesterday for lunch. Arrived at 12:30, was seated right away and the place was busy with a good lunch/breakfast crowd. My ordered a Denver omelet with the home fries that were suppose to be with onions and bell peppers. I ordered a burger and sweet potato fries. Reasonable time passed and out came by burger no Denver omelet. They said it would be right out. My wife at some of my burger and I ate some too. The server came by said any minute now. Finally her Omelet arrived. My wife ask the server where are the bell peppers and onions on the potatoes? The server says, they are in the potatoes. My wife ask her to show her and the server picked through them and agreed, no bell peppers or onions. So, back to the kitchen. Why would one need to fight to get whats right? Meantime a man who i think was a floor MGR was cruising around not really doing anything. He finally came to our table after our bill arrived and ask how things were. My said below average and he said thank and come back again. NOT! My wife and agreed the next time any restaurant comes out of the kitchen with half the order, we are leaving. Its in-excusable.
3	Who doesn't like bacon? Been coming here for almost two years now and it's fairly consistent. The bacon is ok, but nothing that has me doing backflips. Service is usually very good, as we've learned to request Autumn if she's working. The restaurant is very clean and the food is good during off-peak times. When it's busy, forget it... break out the dice, because it's hit and miss when it comes to quality. Neat niche though.
5	My kids say this is the happiest place on earth! I'll have to admit its awesome. No better place to have the best breakfast in PV!!
4	It was super busy when we got there, but we were seated quickly and the service was pretty good. Granted, we went on a Sunday morning, so I shouldn't have been surprised at how busy it was. The food was great and the poinsettia (drink) was awesome. Overall, it was a good experience and I would definitely go back there in the future.
2	The idea is great and what inevitably will get you to try Oink Cafe.  The hostess staff and most employees seem to have better things to do than be at work.  I ordered the BLT.  It is listed as one of their specialties. The waitstaff asked what type of bacon I wanted as they offer eight flavors.  I stated Applewood, but changed my mind and said, bring whatever you recommend.  The BLT came out in three layers of blah wheat bread.  I'm pretty sure it was a 99 cent loaf of bread and the bacon had no flavor at all.  The manager came around and asked how our lunch was, I told him it was okay.  He said just ok and I told him my thoughts; the meal was rather bland.  He said, hopefully, they can impress better my next visit.  They won't have that opportunity.  Where we can order bacon everything from specialty store, don't eat here if you want some Jimmy Dean packaged bacon.
4	Okay so I work across the street and have thought about this place every single time.  Finally, my husband being home on a weekend and no kids, we went.  I had the 1/2 flight of bacon.  It was good, not great.  My bacon was not cooked evenly (some pieces were barely done, and one piece was burnt).  It was good and I could distinguish the flavors.  The Strawberry Cheesecake pancakes were awesome though.  Service was great, friendly and courteous.  I would come back, but give specific directions on how to cook my bacon.
5	Wowza!! We started by sharing the warm maple bacon donut holes which were so delicious. I had the pork confit eggs benedict, and son had bacon pancakes. And we couldn't pass on the flight of bacon. Ok...so we were stuffed, but it was well worth it!!
4	I've eaten here 3 times. The food is always good. The service is good. The bacon flight is really tasty. I like the jalapeno bacon the most.
1	If I could I wouldn't even give them one star. Waitress came out took our order. I ordered bacon and eggs and a bacon donut. My girlfriend ordered the paradise valley omelet. Our order was brought out by another waitress, I informed that waitress that I had also ordered the bacon donut and she just looked at me. For twenty minutes I repeatedly tried to flag down our waitress. To sum it up I finally got my donut when I asked for it as she brought the check. So my bacon on the meal was barely cooked and the toast was burnt, no butter on the toast at all. I won't be returning to this place. If you have a chance,  pass. I'm sure the IHOP across the street would be a lot better.
5	Oink definitely has a good thing going. The service is great and so is the food. Sometimes there is a little bit of a wait but trust me it's well worth waiting. Everything I have had there is good. And one of the best things to order is a bacon flight especially if it's your first time in. Enjoy!
1	Ate here last Sunday for brunch... They were busy but screwed up our order not once, not twice but 3 times. Never did get what we ordered. Then they brought the check before we even got our food. Tried to stand behind their mistakes but did a half hearted effort by only comping my wife's meal not to include her drink and offering to give her a free meal if she came back... Nice but they screwed up everyone's meal and drinks at the table at least once, we all  got our meals at different times. Screwed up our drink order. And then the manager blamed it on the owner for being on vacation.. Really? It took 1 hour 40 minutes to get our food and it was wrong and cold. Should have Comped the whole table and I don't want to hear excuses from the manager! Epic Fail... To many other places to brunch on Sunday... Won't go back even though they did offer a free meal. You only get one first impression..
1	I was very unhappy with this place. I ordered the biscuits and gravy after reading all the reviews, and was highly disappointed. I would think for a place that specializes in pork the sausage in the gravy would of been much better. But it tasted low quality. And the biscuits themselves where very dry. Wouldn't recommend to anyone who actually knows what good food taste like.
5	Best bacon ever! They're Belgium waffle was delicious and service was fast and friendly
3	Based on the name and outside advertisements, you'd assume that this was some sort of pork style specialty house. Once inside you'd assume that it would smell like pork. You'd assume there would be pictures of swine everywhere. And you'd assume that not only will the menu be pork heavy, but that also the server would promote and encourage pork. So imagine my surprise when none of these things were true.It wasn't a big deal though that it seems they were trying real hard to be a classy restaurant. But its an oink cafe. That means pig coffee to me. I want Bacon and an espresso. It should smell like Bacon and coffee. Or Bacon or coffee. It was more of a chemical smell. The layout was odd too. There were apparently two entrances. What I thought was the front which is located street side might have been the back because when you walk in, its a weird long hallway type room filled with tables. (BTW it was packed) The other side had what looked like a main counter with a menu but we never got that far because this was a be seated by server place.Decorations were odd too. There were SOME artsy pictures of swine. But mostly random pictures of art. I love art but it didn't fit. Our server must have been a rookie. Not very attentive. She kind of just threw the crayons in front of my daughter. She didn't explain the menu at all. It took her forever to bring our drinks. And I even tried to break the ice by asking the standard "what would you get?" question. Her response, "I'm not really sure. I think everything's good."  Ok when I hear that I get annoyed. Humuor me at least. Also know you product and services. And if your going to promote a "classy" resturant, then don't wear short shorts. Nothing made sense. On to the menu:Basically the menu is basic items like sanwhiches and salads that have one or two Bacon strips. Ok. Well I got the salad. And to my surprise it was pretty good.It was a fresh spinach salad with an assortment of seeds and fruit and Bacon bits. Also they had a custom dressing called Bacon dressing. Now it tasted nothing like Bacon. It was more of a sweet vinagerette of sort. It was good. The salad though was amazing. it wasn't over filled with everything. It was mostly spinach. And again very fresh. Salad was good enough to give a three star. Also it wasn't a bad experience, just dissapointing. And the only reason I factor in the poor server is because the owner himself was walking around greeting people and when he got to us, he wasn't really engaged or genuine. So perhaps a lack of customer service training could be the reason for our poor service. If your in the area and you want a salad for lunch, I'd recommend them.
5	One of the best breakfasts in town. Had the pork confit Benedict and it was perfect. The ambiance is bright and the staff friendly. If you are looking for a treat at moderate price, this is a place for you.
5	Great spot for breakfast, especially if you like BACON!Service was friendly and fast.  Waitress really knew menu and listened to us about what we were looking for.Would definitely go back!Try the "flight of bacon". Sinful and wonderful!
2	I love breakfast and really wanted to like this place. I ordered eggs and peppered bacon. Bacon was not impressive for a place that specoalizes in bacon,     the hash browns were under cooked and the toast was a bit burnt. My husband had the biscuits and gravy and it was bland. I also thought it was expensive. $ 2.50 for a cup of coffee. It was 3 of us and the check was $37 for a basic breakfast and a coffe. I will not go back. Not worth it.
3	Came here for breakfast and ordered the flight of bacon and the signature oink french toast. The french toast was very good and I would order it again. The bacon on the other hand was nothing to brag about. The flavors were very subtle and it wasn't crispy enough in my opinion.  I would come here again to try some of the other dishes but I'll probably get the sausage.
1	SOGGY belgian waffles...the maple bacon donut(which sounds amazing) is full of grease...service is mediocre...save your Money
4	We came here for a cup of coffee and decided to order some eggs and bacon. Clearly bacon is their strong suit and the coffee was really very good as well.I decided to come back the next day and see if yesterday was a fluke. Since we generally liked our original visit over a year ago but at the time we found things somewhat uneven.Well the good news to report is that since my first visit with fellow Yelp'ers and Pepper Head Mark, things have improved. Service can be a bit slow during busy periods, they have definitely improved. The sad sausage I had eighteen months ago has been retired. It's been replaced by a very flavorful one (see photos).Today we ordered the French Toast and the Oink's French Toast. The latter is just over the top sweet and a bit too much for this gourmand. While the regular French Toast would be enjoyed by every Gourmet as being just right. Look that up in your Roget's. LOLExpect to pay $15 each if you don't order a 4 piece (1/2 flight) or 8 piece (full flight) of their absolutely delicious thick flavored bacon. If you do, and I would recommend that you do, then expect to pay accordingly, around $22-$25.  But ohhh, but it's sooo worth it!Enjoy!
5	Recently moved from Columbus, Oh to Phoenix. Drove the whole way. On our second or third day here we went to The Oink for breakfast. It was the first time since leaving Ohio that we had great service. In fact our server was so good she was probably one of the best ones I've ever had. I didn't catch her name unfortunately but she was a really tall brunette. She was so friendly right from the get go and you could tell she knows what she's doing. It was almost like she was reading my mind with the coffee I wanted, even offered to give me a cup to go. My boyfriend and I were so stressed from the road and being in a new place that we weren't that high-spirited when we came in and she made my day.And the food was delicious! I got the oink omelette and he got the Arizona omelette and pancakes and we loved our food. The fruit was really good too. My omelette was even good reheated. I only got through 1/4 of it so I had plenty of leftovers to eat later on. The sauce on the Arizona omelette was so good that I snagged some from my boyfriend's plate to use on mine. I will definitely be back there and hopefully get that same server because she was phenomenal
4	Bacon is awesome but place is too crowded and busy. The Omelet is also pretty good. If you look for bacon, this is the place to be.
1	Very disappointing. I ordered the pepper bacon and expected thick strips of bacon but instead I got 2 strips of thin, nearly meatless, bacon. Don't waste your time or $.
4	We like the name but this is the first time I persuaded my wife to check it out. We sat outside on a pleasant morning. We an an excellent server. We started with a bacon bloody mary: better than it sounds. I had the oink omelette though the dog is getting a big part of it. My wife had a blt which was mostly bacon.  We missed bacon covered pastry and the bacon flight which is 8 pieces of bacon, one of each kind sold.   The only problem was that my plate apparently waited for the omelette as toast and hash browns were barely warm. All the food tasted good.
5	I really enjoyed the breakfast.  I'll defintely will be back for the burgers and different bacon flavors. Mmmmmm
3	We have since been back a couple more times.  They've got it together now. Solid breakfast spot...  Good service, good food, good prices.
5	I've been going here for breakfast since they opened. Everything I've had has been really good. My favorites are the biscuits and gravy, PV omelet  with egg whites, Oink Waffle. The cafe mocha is awesome too. The service has always been friendly and fast.
4	Heaven, I'm in heaven... Bacon
3	Took the server 7 mins to come over just for our drink order. But the food was fast, menu looked appealing overall. I had the french toast (original) which was good. Nothing special. My partner had the country fried steak which appeared to have canned gravy. Still tasted fine, nothing special. I would probably return, but only if I lived nearby. Which I don't.
4	Good place to eat.  Don't be in a hurry. You will wait to be seated on Sunday mornings. Give this place a try . I'm sure that you will be back. Have a peaceful day.
4	Okay, so my rating is a 3.5, and typically I round down. But for this place i rounded up because they prepared the hashbrowns how i like it. Thin and crispy.They had delicious benedict. I love their hollandaise they used. Definitely worked its way into my top 2 of favorite hollandaise. I really hope to try some more dishes, here.
4	We really enjoyed the bacon flight, the coffee, the Oink French toast. Definitely will return.
4	We celebrated my birthday at Oink Cafe today.  Our first time so we shared the flight of  bacon which was enjoyable.  I ordered the blueberry pancakes which were plentiful and juicy.  Quality of tuna in daughter's sandwich was high.  Mimosa was ok but not something I would want to repeat.  Biggest challenge is that I am a short person and the tables are too high.  As a result I had some major spillage on my clothing.  After brunch we had to run to Ross and purchase a replacement blouse so I could continue my Bday activities.
4	Staying at my sister's place while visiting the Valley for Thanksgiving, and of course she didn't have any food, certainly no breakfast grub.  Google Maps tells me that one of the nearest breakfast joints is Oink Cafe, and based on the name alone, I felt we should try it out.  Since it was a nice morning, my lady and I walked the relatively short distance to give it a shot.  It was a lot bigger than I expected, I guess I was picturing some little hole-in-the-wall with grease everywhere and some grumpy old lady slinging bacon everywhere in an effort to appease the hungry masses crammed into the place.  No, it was spacious and clean.  The menu was typical, except for the flight of bacon.  I love beer, and routinely get flights of beer when they are available, but I am not a huge fan of bacon and don't feel the need to try all 10 (or whatever) varieties of bacon this place has.  I'm sure plenty of people do, but I felt it was a silly novelty.  I ordered the chorizo and eggs, my lady had a ranchero omelet.  She ordered it without onions, it came out with hella onions, but the server was very friendly and attentive and took it back and it was quickly replaced with the correct version without the evil onions.  My fiancee also had a Bloody Mary (with bacon) and raved about it.  I don't dig on Bloody Mary's so I was unimpressed, but she said it was one of the best she's had in a long time.  My food was delicious, especially the side of jalapeno bacon I ordered.  Yeah, I know, I said I don't love bacon, but I figured I had to try one of the flavors.  Good God, the jalapeno bacon was incredible.  It was just the right amount of spice to liven up an otherwise drab piece of fatty meat.  It almost made wish that I had ordered the flight, just to see if the other flavors were as delicious.  Almost.  The service was friendly, quick, and attentive.  The atmosphere was a little bit stale because it lacked intimacy, but there is plenty of hand-colored pig art adorning the walls to occupy your time.  Overall, it was a very pleasant breakfast experience, much better than finishing off the stale box of cereal at my sister's place.
1	If you want a good breakfast in Phoenix don't go to the Oink Cafe. Go to the Butterfield Restaurant on 7388 E. Shea Blvd in Scottsdale, AZ about seven minutes away.  Had breakfast at the Oink Cafe got lousy service,  greasy link sausages and hash browns,  and mmisoma made with cheap Cupcake champagne. I had ordered patties sausages and got links. My wife ordered mmisoma so I asked for one too. Lucky the server forgot mines. My wife had barely drunk hers and offered me to taste it. The mmisoma was bitter due to the champagne. The server brought us our bill, first time returning after bringing our breakfast. I told her about the sausage, hash browns, mmisoma, etc. She spoke with her manager and took 10% off the bill. That was a joke! It was coded military/senior. I'll over 60 and look every bit. I was already entitled to a 10% discount. Just go to Butterfield Restaurant for a superb breakfast and fantastic service.
4	Don't judge this place from the outside, it is really bigger than you think. They do not take reservations for party's less than 5. On the weekends it gets pretty busy so be prepared to wait if there is just 2.This is our 2nd time here and even though we had to wait it was not too bad. You can get your coffee or other drink while you wait but I highly recommend getting a maple bacon covered donut or donut bite. Makes any amount of waiting seem worth it!!On this visit we ordered the Pork Confit Omelette and AZ omelette. Both had their ranchero sauce on top of the omelets but it was best on the AZ.  The atmosphere is busy but still enjoyable and they have a great outdoor eating area. We will be back as the location to stores makes it easy for us to stop & grab a bite!
4	We visited on a Monday at lunch. There were plenty of tables and service was fine; we requested to get our ticket right after our food was delivered, and we were obliged.The infamous bacon flight is impressive, though expensive. It IS very high quality bacon--much better than what I usually get at the grocery store. The taste differences are quite noticeable. I had the strawberry chicken salad. It was the full size, and it wasn't huge.Okay, I knew this was a place known for breakfast food and bacon, and yeah, the salad was just okay. The chicken didn't have a lot of flavor and had obviously just been pulled from the fridge. It wasn't bad by any means.My husband had four pancakes. He's a guy with a big appetite, and he was defeated by these pancakes. They took up a whole platter. The sample I had was light, fluffy, and everything a pancake should be. Oink Cafe definitely knows their breakfast stuff. It's pretty far from us, but I'd be okay with visiting again if we were in the area.
1	Was excited to eat here. Food was disgusting, too greasy, and service sucked. Would not recommend to anyone!
5	Delicious, quick, service is great, the bacon is real, and the barbecue sauce is honestly the best I've ever had...ever. They make it in house. They need to sell the stuff.
3	Unique place! Great service. Had the chicken salad...YUM! Topped off with a bacon donut....different.
5	SUCH good food! Incredible kinds of bacon. EIGHT KINDS OF BACON. Rachel was our server and she was fantastic!!! Super friendly, and she was super prompt with getting us drinks even though the restaurant was busy! We had the chorizo and eggs, and the oink french toast. Pictures posted below!
2	Food is good but only if you're eating there. Out of the last three times I've ordered for pickup they forgot to place my order twice and only realized so when I got there, unapologetic at best.
5	This is 100% my new breakfast spot for quick and easy breakfast brunch. They serve breakfast all day. Nice atmosphere. Good size patio. Very nice staff and waiters. Whether your coming in for a quick bite or sitting and being served this is a great option.
4	If you love all things bacon this is your place! Just across from paradise valley mall in the a Target parking lot Oink has quickly become a favor for Sunday morning breakfast. It fills fast so get there early but even a wait is worth it. All the servers are good and your food comes out quickly. I've had the breakfast hash which is excellent. Omelettes are delicious and coffee good as well. Enjoy! Long live Bacon!!
