5	Wow - I can't believe I am the first person to review Bite and Brews - which is a great little place located next to the ever popular Elbow Room.  One of the biggest reasons to go here is that they have wheat crust pizza.  They also put this amazing seasoning on the crust.  You can order a whole pizza or just a slice and they have lots of toppings to choose from.  I like that the pizza is not greasy.  The side salad is huge, the pizza slices are huge.  The bar has an extensive draft list.  Bites and Brews isn't fancy, but it is nicer than a dive bar.  I think the price is right too.  The front door is garage door style so when the weather is nice the door is open and you can sit outside or just outside.
5	You can't go wrong with this place!  Whether you just want to grab a quick bite or spend the evening with a few friends, Bites and Brews is a great place!  The pizza is amazing.  The menu is pretty simple...alcohol/soda, salads and pizza!  The pizza is delicious and the fact that you can get whole wheat crust is awesome.  The prices are great too. Tuesdays are 1/2 off small pizzas from 4 to 6...but don't let the word small scare you off.  Their pizzas are huge.  Myself and a friend ordered a large pizza and ended up taking most of it home and we are two guys who can eat.  The number of beers on tap is pretty nice.  I recommend the Shock Top.  If you like Blue Moon you will love it.  It has more of a lemon citrus taste to it and is coincidentally served with a lemon wedge. It is also a great place to hang out in the spring/summer, as they have a huge garage door on the front and it opens up onto Ellsworth.
4	They kept the waters coming without me asking - throughout the night, and dished up one of the best pies of pizza that i've tried so far in Pittsburgh (that's not saying too much - but I def ate my fair share of pizza in my brief stay there). The crust was light and thin - and the pie was smoking with fresh cheese, spicy tomato sauce, pepperoni, banana peppers, and jalapenos. Not necessarily the wildest of spots on a Saturday night, but a nice spot to go if you want to hear yourself speak and enjoy a large selection of beer to wash your pizza down with. Oh and word on the street -  is that if you can finish a whole Large pie of Pepperoni and a slice  - by yourself in one sitting -  you may just get your name scribbled in Sharpie behind the top of the back of the bar.
4	I've been here sporadically for the past 4.5 years, starting  when I was underage and living with my sis who lives RIGHT around the corner (yay!) and up through my biannual holiday visits.  I must say that during those few years, either my bar/restaurant perspective has changed, or they really have worked out some of their kinks.  I used to get the impression that the employees were kind of too-cool-for-school, and I wasn't a huge fan of how their menu ordering was set up.  But the more I think about it, the cooler it is.  Here we go:You have a list of ingredients that you can choose from to make any number of combinations of pizza (by the slice or whole!) which is made-to-ORDER.  You WILL be waiting for your food for a minute or two, but that's what the BAR is for...and did I mention:  Your slice is not sitting around in a steam display getting wonky!!  You also have the choice of selecting from a menu of sandwiches already compiled, or again you can choose your own ingredients, up to three (don't quote me on that) for no charge, but any additional ingredients are a small charge on top of that.  You have cheeses, veggies (RRP, anyone?) and delish hummus as choices.  Again, your meal is made to order.Anything you can make a sandwich with, you can morph into a salad, if you desire.  Options are the name of the game here.  And who doesn't like options?Additionally, the bar is not run by frilly, cutesy, annoyingly dim-witted bar wenches.  The girls behind the bar have been very cool and down to earth.  The most recent visit, I was being my usual indecisive self and didn't know what I was looking for in a beer.  The bartender (it was on a Monday night and I cannot remember her name, forgive me!) happily and nonchalantly recommended "Black Strap" which I think is brewed locally.  It was heavenly and I don't know why I hadn't already tried it. There is plenty of table seating, a small-small-small outdoor seating area out front on the sidewalk for the summer and/or year-round smokers (shame on you!) and a nice comfy long bar to belly up to.   You can get a decent dart game on here, but not much else.The jukebox, at first glance, DOES seem to leave a lot to be desired but once you put more than a dollar in....the search engine will open up and you can have your way with the tunes.  It's not ALL that bad if you know what you're looking for and not just blindly picking crap.  Plus there's plenty of TV's to be had, so you can tune out the noise while you're focusing on whatever is on ESPN at the moment.
3	Great beer selection (often including my favorite, Stone Arrogant Bastard, good pizza (especially the white pizza), no atmosphere whatsoever.  A good place to go for happy hour (1/2 price small pizza, but only $1 off beer), but not so much for a night out.
3	When the elbow room  is crowded and you're craving pizza, come right next door.  Owned and operated by the same folks, Bites and Brews is great.  Lots of great beer on tap.  I love everything of the Bell's variety in the summer.  The pizza is delish.  Especially late night.
3	I've hard a hard time being wowed lately. Mostly I am running into PGH restaurants that make me say "That's a decent place" and by decent I mean it's easy to have a good time there and the food will bring you back.Bites and Brews is in line with that mode of thought- its an enjoyable pizza joint where the decor is a blend of playful, and standard "bar" ornamentation. I had a large 2 topping pizza (spinach and sun dried tomatoes- my fave) and  two beers- a solidly good one from the East End Brewery (black strap stout)  and a Magic Hat. Surprisingly, for a place called bites and brews there is a fairly conservative selection of beers available-- I may be getting spoiled by places like the Sharp Edge though.The food was good. A friend and I shared a medium pizza and it was more than we could eat. The service was decent but nothing to write home about. The prices are a little higher than I think they should be for the aesthetic and quality of drink delivered.
4	Bites and Brews has become something of a weekly mainstay for me.  I'm usually there once on the weekends mowin' down a BBQ chicken pizza.  The only problem with that, is that the place gets really packed on Fridays and Saturdays, making it difficult to accommodate four people, let alone eight.  I'd say the place is a bit small, but it's also the kind of place you want to meet up with people, so this is probably the source of crowdedness.The pizza here is fantastic - very large portions, tasty, and great crust.  I've never been super impressed with the service, but all they really have to do is give me beer and pizza and I'm happy.  Plus, if you go often enough, they start to recognize you - the hallmark of a neighborhood icon.I've heard rumors that this is the best pizza place in Pittsburgh.  I haven't had a chance to go to any others (indeed, none have even been recommended to me), but I would still suggest you stop by to try it.
3	Great pizza and beer selection.  They season the crust and put the proper amount of corn meal on the bottom.  I recommend plain or with some veggies.  For my second pizza there this week (yes, I am a fat ass), I ordered pepperoni.  It took away from the taste of the pizza and the delicious crust.
4	I really like Bites and Brews.  The name says it all!  The beer selection is great, with lots on tap.  The pizzas are also great, and you can get them just the way you want it.  It can get very busy during the evenings and during any sort of sporting event - but never is too bad that I'd avoid it.  Sometimes it's just tough to sit down, that's all.  Definitely give this place a try!
2	Thursday night. Bites and Brews was buzzing with business. My friends and I stood in the doorway, shifting our weight, uncertain of what to do. No one had greeted us. "Do we seat ourselves?" we asked a waitress as she rushed past us. "Uh, yeah!" she shot over her shoulder.So we seated ourselves. And then the same waitress came over to our table. "Can I get you something to drink?""Umm..." We paused. Maybe a nanosecond too long."Your options are on the chalkboard," she spat, and probably would have added 'idiots' to that statement if she hadn't wanted a tip. "Oh, uh..."She stared at us, her eyes nervously glancing around the restaurant. Something was up. After a minute, we ordered drinks, and then took a look at the "checklist" menu, a novel idea for a restaurant that is ostensibly DIY. The drinks arrived. We finished our checklists. The waitress whisked the checklists away to the kitchen.And that's when the minutes whisked away, too.Ten minutes. Twenty minutes. Thirty minutes. Forty minutes. A different waitress buzzed by us. Then our waitress. Then another one. Suddenly, there seemed to be eighteen waitresses in the restaurant. We stopped one. Where was our food? She looked at us, and her eyes shifted over to the kitchen. There, in front of the restaurant, a waitress was hollering at a cook. "What do you mean 'you flipped it?'" she screamed. "They've been waiting forever!" The argument shifted locations: to the front of the bar, to doorway to the back kitchen, then back to the floor. It was a Battle Royale.Our ersatz waitress glanced back at us. "Uh... there's a bit of a problem in the kitchen tonight." So she brought us another round of beer.After an hour, our food arrived. It was okay. Not great. Certainly not wait-for-an-hour great... or even wait-for-an-hour good, at that. But it was food. And we were hungry. And, with the exception of our first round of drinks, the entire bill was comped. So. Win-win.I guess.
3	I've never had anything here except the pizza. And the pizza is realllly good, made to order with lots of different combinations! They have a really good selection of beers.the atmosphere leaves a lot to be desired...
4	On a Pittsburgh scale of food eateries, Bites and Brews is at the top of the pack.  Every other restaurant/bar there serves up pizza but few come close to their crispy wheat crust.  Add their large collection of beers on top and friendly servers and you've got a solid to great night every time.  I'm a fan and so should you be.
4	Food: Bites and Brews pizza may be the most underrated in Pittsburgh, a small is huge and a large is even bigger, there are many unique toppings for the pizza as well, the menu consists of pizza, sandwiches and salad all of which come with many options for toppings, the salads are also huge with many toppings and go great with the pizzaPrice: Bites and Brews is about average pricing, not cheap, but the food is so good that you feel good about what you've paid for, most draft beers are $5 and for one extra dollar you can upgrade to a 20 oz.Drinks: extensive list of unique and seasonal draft beers, full bar, many bottles to choose fromAtmosphere: huge televisions to watch sporting events, TouchTones, dart board, outdoor seating, a long bar, bar-type seating behind the bar, big tables for groupsService: very friendly service, even when they were very busy we were served promptly and courteously, bartenders are nice and mix good drinks(+): good location on Ellsworth Ave. next to other bars, great bar-type food (especially the pizza), many beers to choose from, great service, good atmosphere(-): store hours aren't favorable, not open during lunch hours any day of the week when one of their sandwiches and salads would taste greatWould I go back again? Many times.
4	My friends and I are addicted to this pizza - love that you can get whole wheat crust, love the garlic-butter flavoring, love debating the merits of each topping (Hell yes broccoli, banana peppers, and onions!) before filling out our order cards.Service has been...mediocre, and sometimes the pizzas DO take an eternity to appear. But it's either been really busy or I've been with a large group for most of my visits, so I'll give the staff a break. (..as long as they keep cranking out that amazing pizza!)
3	Stumbled in here during a snowstorm, looking for the Elbow Room (they moved to Walnut!).  It's really good!  Great bar pizza with a fun ordering system (grab a pencil, fill out a card).  The beer selection is IMPRESSIVE.  Some outstanding IPAs (you have to love a place that has Arrogant Bastard on tap).  I love the bars on Ellsworth, this is a new highlight for me.  Recommended.
5	Great beer selection. Pizza is surprising good. It is a great hangout place for friends and beer.The servers are great and friendly, especially if you are there often.They have pizza by the slice or by the pie. It is really good, which I did not expect. They also have sandwiches and salads.
3	Beer menu is niceBeware! Chicks behind the bar Have bad attitudes.(b)
3	Bites and Brews... First thought, food and beer, right?  Well the beer list is pretty darn good (too many IPA's as usual), they 'serve good beer not cheap beer' there slogan goes, or something like that.  They don't skimp in that category.  The food... Not much of a choice, pizza, or a couple different sandwiches, that's it.  We ordered a large pepperoni and it was pretty good.  Nice and thin with a crispy crust, good sauce, and not smothered in it.  They could use better, cheese, but overall a solid pizza.  The large is also pretty damn big. I'm sure I will be back, but probably for just drinks...
3	Nothing too fancy - if you're looking for something easy and casual this is a good place. Outdoor seating is a plus. Nice selection of beer, and you can make your own pizza (there is even a wheat crust option!). Pizza is cheap - $20 for a large which can serve 3-4 people. There are sandwich options too though I did not order one. Waitress was sweet and got the job done. Thumbs up!
3	This is a pretty average restaurant/bar with a solid draft and bottle selection. The pizza is good, but its not gonna blow your mind or anything like that. Most cost around $20 and easily feed 3-4 people. The staff is friendly, yet not overly quick. To me, Bites and Brews has a little bit of an identity crisis. Does it want to be a restaurant? Does it want to be a bar? It feels a bit more restaurant like, though there is a large bar if you'd rather sit there. Not sure you'd want to buy a well drink here, saw the bartender pouring the college favorite Vladimir. Yum!Still a good place to share a pizza and catch a game on the television in the shadyside area.
5	Huge slices of New York Style pizzas. Staff is awesome.
4	Bites and Brews has a long and varied wall of drafts to pick from that make me feel like a kid in a candy store. It's one of the best spreads I've seen in Pittsburgh and I've tried some real goodies thanks to this place. The pizza ia pretty good too! (the closest to NY style that I can think of in Pittsburgh other than Sola) Admittedly I've been drunk more times than not when I ordered a pie, but even so great drunk pizza!In short, I wish I lived closer to this mecca of good beer and pizza.
3	Had dinner here again with a dear friend a few nights ago after a few drinks across the street. I will say that this place is a fantastic spot to watch a sports game, as there are flat screens for miles on every wall. I guess that if I would have been hungrier I would have gotten something more "bites"-ish, but I have always been a sucker for a Wedge Salad with Blue Cheese. The crispy, cool and crunchy lettuce, the creamy tartness of the blue cheese- with a dollop of olive oil. I was envisioning it and getting more and more excited, as the Penns game roared in the background. Well.....what I received was something quite different. The "wedge" was 2 clumps of warm romaine lettuce and the cheese consisted of Kraft singles slices cut into small squares. The presentation kind of reminded me of how middle school lunches were compartmentalized and symmetrical. I guess I am a gal who digs an asymmetrical meal filled with chunks of things in no particular order.The beer selection is pretty awesome though. They just don't do healthy stuff very well.
5	To quote Bites and Brews' wall of drafts: "We serve great beer, no cheap beer!"Bites and Brews has become my favorite place in Shadyside.  They have a great selection of beers on tap, and the waitstaff is always willing (and able) to help you decide on what to try.  And their pizza is the best in Pittsburgh!
2	Pizza was mediocre.  Beer list is Ok.  They have TVs all around which is a plus.  However, the facility itself is pretty barren.  Tables and chairs are hard as rocks.  It's really set up to be a college bar... but there's just simply nothing special about this place that makes it worth going to in my mind.
3	I get the fact that they are called bites, so right there you're not going to expect 5 course gourmet meal.  But I'm a big believe in awesome bar food too!  This place missed that mark.  This place has lots of cool things going for them.  They have a make your own pizza, sandwich and salad menu.  Very cool.  Reminds me of Burgatory, except they have great burgers!  I picked my own veggie sandwich and loaded it with roasted peppers, portobello mushrooms, artichoke and spinach.  You're even able to pick if you want it hot or cold.  Mine came warmish, that was not the option I wanted.  It was okay, but not great.  I think if it came hot it may have tasted a little better, but oh well.  The other cool thing is the word "brew" in their name.  I think when I go to these places I expect the servers to be schooled in what kind of beer selection they have.  Our server was slightly schooled, but nothing close to explaining the beers in a way I'd want to purchase one.  I got lazy and just ordered a Yeungling...I know, I'm lame!  I also looked up at the huge blackboard that said "craft beers" and it was completely blank.  I guess I just expected it to be more about what specialty brews they offered.I don't think it was horrible by any means, but I wasn't blown away.  I think maybe they just need to find their identity again....
5	The pizza is yummy and the beer is great.  I recommend going on for  happy hour. Monday - Friday; 5-7pm The small pizzas are half price and $1 off all drafts. Good quick bite to eat.
4	3 1/2 stars.  I'll round this review up to 4 this time.  Why? Because they have upgraded their "everyday $3 beer" from Magic Hat #9 to a Black IPA that is just delicious.  The IPA is made specially for Bites and Brews and Buffalo Blues by Penn Brewery.  Try it!While they still have their simple menu of choosing your own pizza and toppings, salad, or sandwich, they have unfortunately increased their offerings to include overpriced, underwhelming appetizers.  Fried pickle slices or cheesy breadsticks in the shape of a pizza have some potential as good bar snacks, but they're just unappetizing.  That being said, their original menu is still awesome, and they've expanded their space so finding a place to sit during happy hour isn't as tough.  When the weather is warm, they have tables set up right on Ellsworth.  The beer selection is usually very good, and it's $1 off drafts from 5 - 7pm.
3	This a regular spot for me since it is right down the street from work and we typically use it as a happy hour spot. For those reasons, they deserve all 5 stars because that is exactly what they do best. Small eats and drinks. If you want to go there for more than that, you might leave a little disappointed.The atmosphere is funky, casual, and dark. I don't mind it, but it definitely has a hipster edge.The food isn't terrible, but nothing you're going to write about. As far as pizza goes (their more popular item), it gets lost in the better options throughout the city. They are never a place that I tend to remember or crave and the flavors don't stand out. It's a thin crust and a little sauce. The best part is that you can customize a slice to your standards, but it comes with a price. Some of the toppings are a $1 each ... which is crazy high considering you could buy a whole green pepper for that price.Either way, go there for a happy hour or quick bite but avoid them as a dinner spot. If you do this, you won't leave disappointed!
3	I'd give 3.5 stars. It's fun to mark your pizza/ salad/sandwich toppings on a piece of paper and give it to your waitress. Good selection of beer. Happy hour has good deals. I love their salads. it's always fresh and has a wide selection of ingredients. Pizza has good crispy not so thick or thin crusts (can choose wheat if you want). I was a little disappointed in the Mozarella cheese though. Didn't seem too fresh and was mad greasy. Kinda seemed like the frozen cheese sticks you get from any grocery store and stick in your oven. Other than this,  i love going to Bites and Brews.
4	i'm a pretty big fan of this place, but i might be a little impartial because i work down the street so i come here pretty often. but they have some pretty good stuff and a really awesome staff. the pizza is a good size and a good price ($5 slices late at night? perfect!) and they have some pretty cool appetizers too, but as far as food, it's more a snacks or pizza kind of place. now, the beer selection is pretty big. they have a good amount of taps but an even larger amount of bottles and cans. prices are pretty good as well, especially for it being on ellsworth.
4	You go to Bites and Brews for Beer and Pizza.  They also sport quite a few TVs tuned to sports channels, but I wouldn't necessarily call it a sports bar.  The main attraction for me is that they always have one microbrew that is $3 and that the menu is designed for you to craft your own pizza.  The pizzas have a doughy crust and crumbs on the bottom (which I go back and forth about liking) but on the whole they are well made and always hit the spot.  A great place for a night out with friends and just as good for take out.  My go-to pizza in Shadyside any day.
4	1) They have very good pizza.  The pizzas are large, delicious, and re-heat well (you will have leftovers if you get a large for 2 people)2) They have a great beer list, though it seems like they are always out of whatever I want.  A lot of craft beer on tap, and a lot more in bottles.  Excellent.3) The service is usually pretty good and it's a fun place to go with a few friends.I've never tried a sandwich or anything but their pizza, but then again, why would I?  If it wasn't for the debacle that is parking on or near Ellsworth on a weekend night, I'd go here more regularly.
4	This is a favorite neighborhood spot...especially for half price pizza and dollar off drafts. I used to live around the corner and loved sitting outside with the dogs on weekend evenings with good friends, pizza, and beer. I think the pizzas have gotten smaller over the past year or so but are still a great deal when half off.  The draft list is hit or miss, sometimes they are out of a lot of great brews which can be upsetting, but other times they have an endless selection.The servers have all been pretty nice to my friends and I who would tend to come in large groups with people coming and going and everyone has always been accommodating. Especially to my dog!
2	Meh.The Bites:I've been here a bunch of times, and I've never ordered anything I would order again.  Nothing was flagrantly bad, but nothing was that great either.  The food is decent fuel--reasonably priced and certainly won't leave you hungry--but it's far from worth going the least bit out of your way.The Brews:Good selection with prices more or less at the center of the market.  They serve cheap food, but the drinks aren't a bargain.  Nothing special here either.The ambiance:It's often unnecessarily loud.  I'd say the only reason to go here is to hang out with a group of friends, but oftentimes when I've come, the music has been playing so loud (or the general atmosphere was so loud) I could only hear the people immediately next to me anyway.  So I suppose they forfeit their "good for groups" advantage on that one.I get the feeling that this is the place to go to in Shadyside when the other places are too crowded and/or too expensive.  You'll NEVER catch me saying "Hey, let's go to Bites and Brews"...but I'll probably wind up back here at some point anyway.  Oh well.
3	Pizza here is phenomenal.  Other than that, food is average (sandwiches, salads, etc.).  Tap list is pretty good too.  It is ok for watching a game in that you can usually find a table or seat at the bar, though I would rather go to Mario's if I am staying around Shadyside.  Service is average.
2	1.5 but rounded up. just because I didn't get sick after eating their food.I ordered from them twice--last night being the second and will be the last time. I ordered peasant fries with cheese ON THE SIDE, sandwich with NO CHEESE, and hot pretzel NOT TO BE FRIED. The only thing that was done right was sandwich without cheese. I mean, is it that hard to put cheese ON THE SIDE for the fries and not to fry the pretzel? seriously? Who ever took the order wrote my specifications down on the sheet (I know it because I had it with my order) but why did they not follow them? huh? I didn't call them to complain or for explanation because I am sick of these ignorance from the restaurants. Instead, I will never go back to the restaurant.
5	We chose Bites and Brews because of the many good on-line reviews, especially the pizza.  While the pizza turned out to be among the best I've had in the 'burgh, the beer list (bottle n tap) had a pretty solid variety.  We just made it in for the happy hour prices.  The best part was the service, as our server ably provided several suggestions based on our preferences.  It's now my favorite place for good pizza and a great beer.  I'll definitely need to try to some of the other pizza varieties.  There seemed to be plenty of on-street parking.
2	Oh Bites and Brews. With such a cool name and so many amazing beers on your menu (note I say on menu not on tap), I had so much excitement going into visiting your fine establishment. Why do you disappoint? You ran out of all of your awesome list of IPA's except for one that your server didn't really recommend. #1 FAIL. Your restaurant had a cool set up with the weeknight garage door open atmosphere. But you played loud club music. FAIL #2. Your service was slow. I got my salad and sandwich about 2 minutes apart.  FAIL #3. Your server wouldn't split the checks, yet when we told her who had what she split them. FAIL FAIL FAIL #4.The server added a gratuity which is probably the reason she "couldn't" split them. Hey lady, good thing you added gratuity to a table full of people who would normally tip you more than your 18%. FAILED AGAINI walked out disappointed like someone who goes on a date with someone who is perfect on paper but simply has an awful personality. I so badly wanted this to be a place I loved and visited often. But instead it was a failed date.
2	The name of this restaurant threw me off when it said "Bites & Brews" thinking there'd be a list of side dishes or appetizers. But no, you can get a side salad for $6, which is the only side dish they have. Every item was over- priced. The service was horrible and with the loud house music in the background I felt like I was at a club not a restaurant. Over all bad restaurant. I get that it's it's expensive because it's in Shadyside, but you should atleast serve quality food for those kind of prices.
2	every time someone recommends the place, I cringe, unfortunately in the area, it's about the easiest place to dine, that being said their pizza (the only thing on the menu) is terrible, i truly prefer the crap thy used to serve us in middle school.My tip, drink a lot before going so that you don't care about the state of the food
2	We came here after driving by tons of times and saying "We should go there." We got there around 8 on a Friday night, and it was busy. We waited for a table at the bar (where it was very loud), and I was satisfied with their draft list, and they had Jack's cider on tap which is awesome.Our seats ended up being at a very long table between two other groups. It was very 'get to know your neighbor' which is always meh.We got our order forms and filled them out. I got a sandwich which was apparently a mistake not many other people on Yelp make. I accidentally chose cold, put an x through it and filled in the hot circle. My sandwich came out cold. Bummer. Would it kill them to give you a pencil with an eraser?? The small golf pencils sucked. Bummer #2: I also selected ranch, and the sandwich was bone dry. There was a small amount in the middle but it was very dry which I didn't intend. Apparently I should have paid the extra $.50 for mayonnaise and ranch. Bummer #3: I picked pepper jack cheese, and it was a VERY thick slice, which dominated half of the sandwich. It was way too much. On the other half, there was another thick slice of cheese but it only covered half of the sandwich, so 3/4 of my sandwich was too cheesy, 1/4 had no cheese. Bummer #4: I chose white bread, and it crumbled, (which having it toasted like I'd asked for would have fixed). Bummer #5: They only offer chips with sandwiches, but they serve french fries as part of an appetizer. They were very salty Ruffle chips. Meh.The other half of my party ordered two slices of pizza, and picked chicken on his order form but didn't get any chicken. You think cutting out the waitress writing down your order would eliminate your order coming out wrong, but apparently it isn't that simple.In summary: this place is LOUD, our food came out wrong, and their sandwiches leave something to be desired. I've had better sandwiches at Sheetz... Next time I'm looking for a good drink and sandwich, I'll head over to Carson Street Deli.
3	Not a bad beer list. Pizza was thin crust, but really felt like it was not freshly made and it was not great.
3	I prefer the beer to the pizza, but the combo of the both is obviously great.  I like the fact that you can build your own pizza, but the end product isn't that impressive.  If you're a beer lover like myself, you should give this place a try.  It has pretty stiff competition though - there's quite a few places to go with great beer selections and  better food.  The main reason we always ended up here was convenience.  Now that I moved a few neighborhoods over, I don't see myself making a trip back to Shadyside just to go here.
5	Friendly environment, decent prices, Pens Games, and beer. It's near a laundromat too. What more could you want?
2	Pizzas are alright. They recently got a new menu, and the items on it sound pretty good. But service is extremely slow. It was a weekday night and the place wasn't crowded at all. But it took 45 minutes just for the appetizers to come, and about the same time for the pizzas. Not so great when you are hungry! Be prepared to wait.
2	Went on a Thursday night. We sat outside and the service was good. Our waitress was really cool and was great about checking up on us.HOWWWever, a friend of mine and i shared the Buffalo Chicken dip and we both got violently ill. When we first got the dip, we were both a little hesitant because it didn't look great. We went ahead and tried it and it tasted alright. I'm really regretting that decision though seeing as we have both been sick all day!! Don't get the Buffalo Chicken Dip - trust me.
4	This is one of those restaurants you can go to where everyone will be happy!I like pizza, but I don't LOVE it, so I usually get a sandwich or a salad.  You build your food item from their list of ingredients which is extremely extensive....I love it!Great number of beers on tap too!
4	Perfect place for happy hour! The drafts are $1 off and the small pizzas are half price from 4:30-6:30.  They always have a nice selection of drafts and had a special section on the menu of all the pumpkin beers they had on tap. I tried the Flying Dog Pumpkin which was a little dark for my taste. My next selection was Mackenzie's black cheery cider which I highly enjoyed.  The small pizzas are huge and perfect to split between two people. We choose to get ham and pineapple on ours to make it a Hawaiian pizza-my favorite.   I can honestly say this is the best pizza in Pittsburgh. The crust is amazing and they did not skimp on the toppings.  On nice days you can sit outside and bring your dog. Also kid friendly.
3	After declining the 45 minute wait at Harris Grill across the street, we decided to check out Bites & Brews. Immediately I was turned off because the hostess asked us how many people were in our party as she was on a personal cell phone call. Not professional. By the time we got seated as the hostesses wandered around cluelessy, about ten minutes passed by. Our waitress was nice, but seemed a bit frazzeled by the busy crowd. It was a saturday night; I'm not sure why only one waitress was on duty for a place in Shadyside. The food was good, though! However, It took some time for it to come out. Not too mention someone I was with ordered a side salad that came out with the meal, rather than before. That being said, while the food was good it was nothing that I was going completely crazy about, but good enough to excuse the mess the of the hostesses. Decent prices as well. Would I go back? Perhaps. Just not on a Saturday night. They needed more staff.
4	Great option for happy hour. Half priced pizzas, you can choose your toppings, and you even have the option to order a whole wheat crust. It's hard not to get excited about the options!They have a great draft list as well, and there is always a cider on tap, which I love.I love coming here with friends, especially because we can all order a few rounds of drinks, share a few pizzas, and never spend more than $40 for four people. Love it.
2	Food is good but overpriced in my opinion. Every time I've tried to place an order over the phone there is a major miscommunication which is irritating to the point where I ll probably not order from them again.
5	Delicious Pizza and GREAT service!  When I accidentally left my Husband's takeout order behind after amazing pizza and more than a few local brews, our waitress, Jen, chased my friend and I down almost a whole block to catch up with us and return it!  Now that's dedication!  We'll be back for sure!  Thanks Jen!
4	Great for happy hour!! Which is the only time I go. I'm somewhat of a regular on-and-off, and more recently off because their pizza has changed, for the worse. The sauce used to be so flavorful, a tiny bit spicy, and we used to literally ask for little containers of it to go when we took our leftover pizza home. But the last 2 times I went, it tasted like spaghetti-o sauce, flavorless and awful. If they would change their sauce back to being good, I'd be back immediately! The price of a small pizza (which is actually massive, I can't imagine what their large size looks like) is awesome during happy hour, $6-7 I think. Plus decently priced good beers on tap. And I always get a cider, which they often have on tap, or in a bottle if not. I've had their wedge salad too, and it's delish and only around $5. Nice outdoor seating too, and the open up the front to make the entire front half seem like it's outdoors when the weather is nice. Great place, give it a try!
3	I've been here twice, most recently last Sept., and I've been kind of underwhelmed by the quality of the food here.  Last time, my dining partner and I ordered the cheese breadsticks and the buffalo blue pizza, which comes with pulled chicken, crumbled blue cheese, caramelized onions, and bacon.  With that list of ingredients, I thought the pizza would be super-flavorful, but unfortunately, it was kind of...bland.  The chicken in particular didn't taste like much, and there wasn't much bacon or blue cheese.  Sauce was minimal and weak.  As for the cheese breadsticks, I would have expected them to have more cheese on them, although they were crispy.  As far as I know, this is one of the few restaurants in PGH that serves wheat-crusted pizza, which is nice, but it doesn't make up for the lack of flavor.  They need to step it up a notch!Since I didn't order beer, I can't comment on that aspect of the experience. (I ordered a Woodchuck cider, which is bottled.)  I get the feeling that this is a restaurant that people come to more for the drinks and the atmosphere than the food.
4	One of the best pizza places in pittsburgh. I have ordered some pretty unique pizzas with off the wall ingredients, and they always have turned out great. An ideal place to grab a beer and split a pizza with friends- also good for a date. Be in the mood to deal with the uppity shadyside crowd, however, if you decide to stop in.
5	Oh, how I wish I lived down the street from here liked I used to. Whether it's busy and packed or less populated and quiet(er), its ambiance is totally comfortable and makes it a great place to go with friends for both the bites and the brews. The draft list is long and doesn't disappoint.The pizza I cannot really comment on, as I'm always drawn to the choose-your-own sandwich option, and I've pretty much perfected my own monster of a fully illogical-but-delicious sandwich - and no, I won't divulge my greatest secret. I will recommend getting the focaccia bread, as it is easily twice the size of other types of breads and therefore you get more sandwich fillings.Overall I'm always down to come here, even if I've been recently, because I know I'll get exactly what I'm looking for.
5	I love the build-a-sandwich option. The no-meat option is so very reasonable at 6 bucks, and it comes with your choice of chips or a side salad. You get your choice of bread, for which you should always choose the focaccia, because a) focaccia is delicious, and b) it's the biggest bread they serve, giving you more sandwich for the same price. Then you pick 4 veggie toppings (including ones like hummus), and a dressing of your choice (order it on the side and put it on yourself to get a bigger quantity). You'll also have your choice of one cheese, but I ask to substitute an extra veggie option instead for +.50 and I've never had an issue doing that.The atmosphere is okay, a little too bar-y for my taste, but sitting at a table you can still be off in your own world with friends and have a really enjoyable meal. Service has always been pretty good, too.
5	You'd be hard pressed to find a better place in Shadyside for happy hour.  Located off of Ellsworth Avenue, Bites and Brews is connected to 1947 (a more "classy bar/restaurant).  Parking could and should be your only complaint about this place.  As with any spot in Shadyside, parking is at a premium.  You can design your own pizza or choice from several on the menu.  Excellent thin crust oven baked deliciousness.  And the price is amazing - especially if you go for happy hour when almost everything is half off.  That's right - and that is a deal that you can't find at almost any other place nearby.They have a really great deep selection of craft beers here.  I always try something new or different each time I'm here.  Honestly, Bites and Brews might just be my first choice for happy hour - and for pizza!
4	Great Pizza, Good Service, Lukewarm beer.Went there with fiance after striking out at two other places at 8PM on a Sunday...yes,  PM.There are two sizes of pizza, small (12") or large (18"). I'm a pig and the small pizza was big enough to share. We split the Margarita which was amazing...no canned tomato sauce here. Pictures don't lie. Factoring in the happy hour specials and half-priced small pizzas M-F, this might be the best meal deal in Shadyside.Our host/server was friendly and happy to seat us at any available table. It was a non-issue for us, but the table behind us sat uncleared for the better part of our visit. She  offered timely beer/water refills and the check was prompt (when requested). Unfortunately, we weren't interested in those refills because because the beer was barely cold. I ordered a Yuengling draft and the better half opted for the B2 on special - which was decent, other than being warm.Would come back, hopefully they fix that keg room.
5	This is one of the best spots for happy hour in Shadyside. Half off make your own 12" pizza, which means each time you go, you know you'll get exactly what you have a taste for.The pizza crust is perfectly seasoned and no matter how hungry you get, you will always have at least a little pizza left over for the next day...or later that night. During happy hour, it's also $1 off all drafts and the draft list is always a crowd-pleaser. If you want your familiar brew, they have a few options, but a lot of them are not your average joe picks, which gives you plenty of opportunities to check-in on Untapped or just experience something new. Every time I have gone, the waitress has been very knowledgeable about the draft list and has always helped me pick a great option when indecisive me had some difficulty.  Bottom line is if you and your group of friends or maybe you and a date are looking for a relaxing happy hour joint, search no further than Bites & Brews. And if you aren't even in the mood for sitting in, you can order the pizzas to go!
4	Have you ever visited a place that's new to you, yet SO OLD to everyone else that you feel embarrassed to admit that it's your first time? That was me on Friday at Bites & Brews.  I'm sure glad I didn't let my first-timer anxiety get the best of me cuz DA-AMN they have some good pizza!  Our group of 10+ dined on a bevy of baked pies suited to every taste.  Sausage, olives, pepperoni, mushroom, banana peppers, spinach - anything and everything.  The Nut Roll ale on tap finished it all off to Pittsburgh pizza place perfection.  Now that I'm a well-seasoned veteran of Bites, I'll be sure to expand my horizons past their delicious pizza fare and their other amazing menu items.  Mama, I'm home!
2	Bites and Brews is ok. The interior is typical sports bar.  I do like the beer selection, but I really don't understand the raves about the pizza here.  Maybe I've just had bad luck.  Of the two times I've had pizza here, once it was kind of cold, and the second time they forgot the cheese (?).  When we pointed it out, they sprinkled cheese on top of the toppings on the same pizza and cooked it, so that the cheese ended up more grilled than melted--not tasty.  I have no idea why they didn't just remake it from scratch, but we were too hungry to complain or send it back at that point. I'd rather go next door to 1947 Tavern for better drinks/ atmosphere or across the street to Harris Grill for a more varied food menu and equally great beer selection.  Just sayin'.
3	I've been to quite a few places that are billed as pizza shops with a great beer selection. Bites & Brews strikes me more as a beer bar that just happens to have pizza. Beer selection is excellent, whether you want draft or bottles, micro or macro. The pizza isn't bad, but it's never blown me away. Slices are priced excellently for what you get, though: a big NY-style wedge for about $4. It was alright, though the mostly uncooked mushrooms I got as a topping suggested that the slices get pre-made and popped back in the oven. Not bad. But it just didn't satisfy me like pizza should.The Brews? Five stars. The Bites? Not so much.
