2	I get to visit Scottsdale once every 5 years or so on average.   And that is plenty for me but that's another story.   Some of the locals were raving about this place.   They told us the food was top notch and you will never find anything better.   Throwing caution to the wind, we decided to try this place.   Boy were we surprised.   You have to understand, this is a hole in the wall joint.   I usually like those places because they try harder to keep their customers coming back and the food is not pre-made.   I should have known things were going to be bad when we got into the restaurant and met the hostess.   She is a dwarf, or midget or what ever the difference is, I don't know.   Let's just use the PC term and say "Little Person".    Well, we were not greeted by a smile, but just a look that said "What the hell are you staring at?"  Ok, I am not a jerk nor am I trying to be, I just made eye contact with her and told her to get us a table for 2.   This gal puts us in the enclosed patio which, while air conditioned, is where they seated two families with unruly kids between 3 and 8 years old.   (Watch for my upcoming review of Scottsdale later.)   Ok, so this hostess brings silverware, chips and menus at different times.  Each time she stopped by, we made eye contact, smiled and said thanks.   Still, we got the glare of death from this woman.   Ok, whatever, we tried to be nice.   So after that, any time she brought something over we barely even acknowledged her.  That seemed to work out the best.   The waitress was a little better, although she had a hard time talking over the little monsters in the room with us.   I found out if you want to drink your beer out of a glass rather than a can or bottle, you have to ASK for a glass.   Ok. Fine, I can adapt to that as well. By this time, I am thinking the food better be freakin' awesome.   Well, dear reader, you have seen the rating I gave it so you can figure it out for yourself.   My dining companion had a chicken mole dish and I had a beef chimichanga.    The mole sauce was way too smoky.   It didn't have any of the rich, smooth or savory flavors it's supposed to have.   It's almost like we were eating something that had been smoked over a hickory pit for a month.   Surprisingly, the chimmy wasn't bad at all.   The shredded beef was cooked and seasoned just right.   So, I have to give them high marks for that.   The standard rice and beans sides were very forgettable.   Hopefully you are not too hungry when you go there as the serving sizes are not that generous.   Will I go back?   No.   I will try most everywhere else in Scottsdale before returning there.
4	Welcome to...Frank and Lupe'sOld MexicoDating endeavors:  For two months I was repeatedly asked out by this guy and one day I finally succumbed to his request for dinner.  It wasn't that I didn't like him or find him attractive, it was just that I had seriously grown tired of the whole "dating" scenario and had secretly vowed to never endure it again.  I had met him, innocently enough, at an arts charity function for Phoenix Theatre, an annual event called the "Phoenix Follies".  Movers and shakers from across the Valley appeared to pledge their support, including Bob and Carole Machiz, Sheryl Cooper (who is super lovely) and Mark Hiegel, to name a few, along with presidents and CEO's of major companies and corporations such as The Arizona Republic, SRP, R&R and Watson Wyatt were in attendance.  Clearly, this guy was in good company and was introduced to me as an employee of one the consulting firms.  Having this information as a backdrop, I felt safe that he wasn't some sort of deviant or serial killer.  Still, though, I was apprehensive about the "date".The plan: The plan was to meet up for drinks and dinner to follow (so long as neither of us decided to bolt for the nearest exit half-way through our first cocktail) at the sushi fav in old town Scottsdale, Sting Ray.  Now, I've never really been a big fan of Sting Ray (more on that in a later review) and that Saturday I awoke with a particular craving for Mexican food; raw fish just wasn't going to cut it.  I got up, stumbled to the kitchen and riffled through that week's copy of Get Out. Flipping in earnest, I finally found the section that lists all the restaurants, hours, cuisine type, locations, etc.... until I located the object of my affection: Mexican food! Frank and Lupe's, 4121 North Marshall in Scottsdale, Arizona, sounded perfect!  I'm always searching for good Mexican food, which is surprisingly difficult to find amidst the massive amounts of impersonal chain food conglomerations that, at first glance, seem to comprise this fairly new city.A call to my date and a quick change of venue was made. (Sting Ray was one of my suggestions, after all, so he replied to my request with a noncommittal, "Whatever you want is fine," which, so you know boys, on a first date is not the way to go.  Be assertive. Take time to make plans.  We want you to impress us.)  I'm told when I call Frank and Lupe's that reservations are not required.  Overflow from the restaurant often ends up at the bar located behind it, Santos Lounge, so we are welcome to wait there in the event there aren't any tables available.First Impressions:  I arrive a few minutes late, having had difficulty locating the cute cottage that is the restaurant.  Luckily, I'm able to find parking along Marshall as the lot located next to Frank and Lupe's is modest, at best.  However, I make it and, thanks to cell phones, I find my date waiting for me at Santos.  Santos Lounge is edgy yet inviting, with cozy couches perfect for snuggling up to that special someone.  The night is fairly warm for winter in Arizona (and with outside heaters!) We choose to sit on the patio to avoid having to talk over the music.  It wasn't too loud, but on a date, it's nice to be able to hear the conversation.  Several drinks later, we decide that we are enjoying the company we are in and pop over to the restaurant for dinner. (Btw, Santos Lounge boasts over 32 different kinds of tequila and the bartenders were efficient, kind and entertaining.)Dinner:  I am in heaven!  Everything from the chips and salsa to the sopapillas is phenomenal!  I thoroughly love everything I taste.  Truly, there is nothing bad I have to say about this dining experience at all.  The restaurant is charming, "old world" Spanish style and the wait staff knowledgeable and prompt.  Bonus: The prices for the amount of food you receive is minimal... even with the bar tab.Final Thoughts:  At the end of the evening I am content.  Happily full, I have found a new favorite spot and, perhaps, made a new friend.  Added bonus?  You'll fall in love Frank and Lupe's... even if you don't fall in love with your date.411:  Frank and Lupe's is located at 4121 North Marshall in Scottsdale, Arizona.  480-990-9844, www.frankandlupes.com.  Prices are modest.
3	Frank & Lupe's is like the melding of two worlds. Good ol' America and Mexico, you're thinking, huh? Not exactly. I'm talking about one world with good service and another world with not-so-good service. Which world you land in, and, thus, the type of service you receive depends solely on you.I've been to Frank & Lupe's maybe four or five times. Once was a visit to the Santos Lounge portion of the property. You can read up on that venture on your own. All other times, except once, I've been drawn to the backyard patio. This is Scottsdale, after all, and great weather demands that we remain outdoors to celebrate it. The problem is that the patio is found in the world of not-so-good service.Frank & Lupe's tends to draw large groups. Many times, those groups are made up of tourists. Being tourists, they usually want to sit outside because they are from far off places where "outside" is no farther away than the garage. That's okay. But be prepared for a bit of a wait while said tourists stretch out and make this place their own. You should also be prepared for the somewhat frenetic pace that comes when servers wait on large groups --- especially large groups of tourists. It can be dizzying. Or, maybe it was the hunger that was making me dizzy.Servers will come and go. They'll go to other tables. They will eventually come to your table and take your order. It is done with a smile and friendly feel. But then they will go to other tables and leave you with an empty glass and a mouth dry from the basket of chips you gorged on. A possible solution might be to order one of those beer buckets. Another solution is to snag a table inside where the world of good service is to be found.After always venturing to the patio and always receiving sub-par service, I figured it was time to try inside. What a difference it made. We were seated and waited on immediately and proceeded to get the greatest service I had ever had at Frank & Lupe's. I never got his name, but I think he works behind the bar sometimes. So efficient was the service that we were wiping our mouths and settling the tab before we even made a dent in the night. A stroll through the galleries during Art Walk helped take care of that, though.The bottom line here is that the food is pretty good and the service is great ... or not so great, depending on your chosen world.
4	Three and a half stars. Frank and Lupe's is more authentic to me than it is tasty, though I have always found it to be very pleasant and accommodating. During the breakfast hour, I recommend the Huevos Rancheros. I have been fortunate enough to eat these in Mexico a number of times, and the F and L's version is the closest I have found on this side of the border. Chips and salsa are also to par, which is always a good barometer. The lunches I have had there have been good, but slightly disappointing after the impressive breakfast. A charming, comfortable spot, with good food and good service.
2	I am a native Arizonan who was raised suckling red chiles and gumming machaca beef. I dated a native New Mexican for four years who thought green chile was the be-all-end-all of seasonings, and considered it blasphemy that sopapillas were served as dessert instead of with the entree. Now I'm seeing Mr. Man, a real Mexican that just giggles at our silly bastardized food in comparison to his mother's authentic flavor. That said, I consider myself pretty well versed in the differences between these distinct styles of cuisine, and Frank and Lupe's was a straight up New Mexican diner. Mr. Man and I met his mother at Frank & Lupe's for a Labor Day lunch after driving around and finding that all our other dining choices were either closed or packed. And it turned out to be some pretty respectable eats for a a cute little hole in the wall.The service was kind of slow despite the fact that it wasn't very crowded, but the staff was friendly and very quick to recommend their personal favorites off the menu. With that combination met, I didn't really mind the wait. A meal out on the town is something to be savored and enjoyed in the company of others, and that's just what we did with the extra time. Well, that and nurse Patron margaritas that whooped the shit out of any and all in recent memory. When it comes to the entrees, I second what Ken H. has to say. With New Mexican food you can never, ever go wrong with the green and red chile. Don't go there and get something Americanized, like a chimichanga or a steak. And if your eyes start to cross once you see just how many possibilities there are, go for the carne adovada. I was obliged to order it just so I could compare it to other establishments' offerings and measure it against my own version of succulent, melt-in-your-mouth, garlicky red chile pork. Not as good as my own (naturally I like mine best), but it was pretty tasty when wrapped in a pillow of sopapilla and brought a smile to my face.Mr. Man got Lupe's Enchilada plate with shredded beef and it was probably the best thing ordered at our table. Three corn tortillas layered with cheese and beef and topped with an egg over medium may sound a bit weird, but the flavor will make you groan with delight. Try it. It'll rock your wildest expectations. I only have one gripe and that has to do with the filler served at all Mexican food restaurants, chips and salsa. They were made from thick, substantial tortillas instead of those flimsy lil offerings at other joints, but all they managed to do was be a flavorless receptacle for an equally bland salsa. It was heavy on black pepper and completely blended, so aside from a couple of scallions floating around, it was texture free, runny blech. No me gusta nada.
3	I have been here numerous times... love the food and the margaritas.  The service sometimes is excellent and other times it is not so good.  I do however always come back so I guess I take my chances in order to enjoy their food.  I love the spinach cheese crisp and the rolled enchilada's plate.  Their chips and salsa are awesome!
4	Sometime it's not about the food...when you're all about hanging out with a couple of good friends and enjoying the balmy Phoenix evening...then this is where Frank & Lupe shinesWe had enchilada, chicken in mole sauce, fish tacos and beef flautas...nothing really stood out as being particularly good or bad...and the wait staff was somewhat lackadaisical in their attention to service...but washing it all down with pitchers of ice cold margarita was a more than pleasant way to end our MondaySo just 2.5 stars for the food, but we'd be back for more good times on the outdoor back patio.
5	Love Frank & Lupes.  Moved here from Cali and have been on the quest for good Mexican food.  This place is the best that I've found so far.  Very tasty!  Love the outdoor patio, although the service there is slow, but the ambience is great!
4	After reading some of the less than stellar reviews I feel obligated to review one of the best Mexican restaurants in Scottsdale. Even if it isn't exactly an authentic representation of the traditional variety. The staples here are excellent. The chips are fresh and a bit heartier than most. They are, indeed... delicious. The red salsa is of mild-to-medium heat and complements their companions well. The beans are also very tasty, not refried and smothered in cheese like some well-known offenders. The rice is tender and flavorful. Together with some fresh flour tortillas and you experience what is know as harmony. The chicken mole enchiladas are easily my favorite dish here, with the mole being slightly sweet and mildly spiced. The hard tacos here can be a bit greasy, which I admittedly enjoy on occasion. The red enchilada sauce is pretty decent as well. I think I have also had the tamales here, but do not remember them standing out.It's a pretty cool spot too with a patio and bar out back. Definitely worth checking out if you're in the area. Sure, you can get better elsewhere in the valley, but Frank and Lupe's is always a solid choice.
4	You've got to sit in the patio out back. I'm in Texas and have access to all types of great Mexican food. This place holds its own. Beer was cold, food was fresh, chips and salsa were good. I'd go back and I don't say that about too many places.
4	Had lunch at Frank and Lupe's today.  Great New  Mexican food.  I had a taco salad which was terrific, other had a burrito, and taco's along with rice and beans.  Everyone enjoyed their meals.
4	I've eaten here twice now - both times with a small group (party of 5 once and a party of 12 or so last night). I've sampled more than a few dishes and I've decided that they earn about a 3.5 for food and service (which is a bump up from my original assessment). I've given them a 4 because of their ambiance - specifically the back patio. First off - the food. Everyone likes to argue over what "authentic" mexican food is and people bitch about how this or that restaurant isn't authentic so it's not good. That's a bunch of horse shit. Mexico is largely a poor country (as well as being fairly large) and their affluent areas have cuisine influenced by Europe while the rest of the country varies wildly depending on the region. Authentic Mexican food is a mixture of cheap and fresh and spicy. They use foods that absorb flavors well and they use whatever is available that they can afford. The spices originated out of a need to cover up the fact that you weren't eating the best cut of meat or whatever. Authentic Mexican food isn't even that good or particularly good for you - if you spent some time deep in Mexico, you would be shitting your intestines out 6 times a day for a month or two until you got used to it.Anyway - The argument really annoys me. You want authentic, then you should go to one of those shitty diarrhea inducing taco stands that litter the valley and that are run by authentic illegal Mexicans and that are often getting shut down for serving cat meat or for too many health code violations. Everything is made with lard and/or comes from a giant can and/or is cooked in a vat. Authentic. Enjoy.This place is as authentic as any except they thankfully probably use higher quality ingredients as do most places in the valley. I guess compared to other local joints claiming to be authentic - I'd say this is closer in flavor to what you might expect from a higher end restaurant in Mexico than Tee Pee or whatever. I grade Mexican food places mainly on 3 things - their chips and salsa, their shredded beef, and their margaritas. I don't eat beans, so I try to ask a friend who does what they thought so I have some perspective on that. I also try to test out their chicken, cheese and guacamole on a second visit. Frank and Lupe's chicken was flavorless as was their cheese... they put it in a mole sauce which was decent. Their Margaritas weren't very strong, but tasted okay - they gave me a headache and put me to sleep when I got home. The beef had too much 'stuff' in it and I wasn't happy when I ate that. Some places cook their beef in stuff for flavor and then just serve the beef while others cook the beef and then mix it with cooked veggies and stuff for flavor. I'm a fan of the former rather than the latter. Their chips were decent, but nothing special. The salsa was pretty spicy (when we asked for the hot), but it didn't have as much flavor as I like. So basicaly I wasn't wowed by Frank and Lupe's - I just thought it was "ok." The service was decent - everyone was very nice, but be prepared to wait for a long time. This place doesn't do fast. Going to the back patio here is really nice when the weather is good or on a cool evening. It's a great little spot and a solid choice for dinner or a group having drinks and snacks before going clubbing. It beats the shit out of Pink Taco and Tee Pee though. Fun fact: they don't take reservations (so they say) if the party is smaller than 20.
2	My girlfriend and my buddy from out of town went here on a Saturday night.  The place wasn't packed and had a good atmosphere about it.  Not too hectic, nice and laid back.  Unfortunately we had to wait 40 mnutes for our food to arrive, which was as a complete mystery since the place wasn't packed and during that time we barely had a visit from our waitress.The chips and salsa were good, the sopaipillas with honey are absolutely delicious.  I had the chicken taquitos which were fine, a little dried out but fine.  My buddy had Lupe's Enchiladas and he says they were fine but he's had better.The service is what really ruined it for us.  I imagine others could have a different experience, but when you see waitresses outside on their cell phones you can understand they may have other priorities than waiting on your table.
3	I'm back and forth on this place. On one hand, I've had superific wonderful delicious experiences filled with impeccable service and great food. On the other hand - there was today.- No server for about 15 minutes- No chips and salsa 'til we asked (then they took forever to bring the chips) - Ordered drinks that never arrived- Ordered guacamole that never arrived- Waiter was retarded and sucky, possibly just a random man who walked in and pretended to be a waiter as we would ask him for stuff and he would never deliver- Random waitress stops by to find out if we ordered yet. We tell her "no." So she takes our order.- While you are at it , sister: Where is our soda and chips and gauc??? She looks horrified and brings them promptly. Thank you waitress lady and no thank you to you sh*tty waiter #1- Food takes billions of years. Possibly trillions.- We ask where food is at, yo. - They find our food.- It's a little dry (like, no sauce on the enchilada's bro)- But otherwise food is goodBut wait... there's more... - Where are our utensils???- Waiter says we can have forks, but no knives. The knives are being washed right now.???- With one bite left, waiter brings newly washed knives- Ice cream please- Fried ice cream good So...today was notsogood for Frank & Lupe's. Normally this place is much better. I think this is a 4 star place that has a 1 star day. I'll be back soon hoping for a better day.
4	Lots of reasons to go to F&L's:1) Food is made fresh. Yes, it takes time to make food from scratch instead of heating up pre-prepared dishes. So, sit back and enjoy your drink and the chips and salsa.2) Special orders are happily accommodated. I wanted the the rolled enchiladas but with veggies instead of the other options (beef, chicken or spinach). The waiter (actually the manager since our waiter was busy) happily accommodated my order as well as giving me the option to have either or both of the green and red sauce (the red is better).3) Huge portions. Yes, I'm small but I have a big appetite. Lunch at F&L's held me over until 8 p.m.!4) Warm sopapillas. Warm, deep-fried bready goodness with lots of honey. What more could you want?5) Location. Nestled in the midst of galleries, boutiques and other retail stores. I'd suggest starting your day at F&Ls so you are ready to spend the rest of your day in the surrounding area, only to break for the 5 p.m. martini.
4	1st time here last night (finally). We dined on the "secret" outdoor back patio - thanks to my girls prior F&L experience (which is good, I would have never known it was back there). They have a nice outdoor bar area too. The ambiance was really cool, the menu is extensive, the food and drinks were about perfect.Minus one star for slow service (I guess that's how it's done in Mexico anyway? take it slow... relax... or maybe I'm the one that should order a corona and slow down?).
4	I wrote this whole big review of Frank & Lupe's, but then my internet connection died.  Let's just say that this place reminds me of the taquerias you find on just about every block in Chicago -- great food, cheap prices and lousy service. I had the chicken enchiladas mole and they were yummy.  The rice and beans were also a cut above average, and the chips were fresh, light and flaky. The sopapillas that finished the meals were not too sweet, so you can add honey to your taste.  Liked this place a lot and would definitely go back.
3	Cute, old mexican restaurant tucked away in Old Town Scottsdale! 3.5/5We were there for lunch with AJ and J this Sunday. My first time there and love the decor. Frank & Lupes reminded me of the mexican restaurants we saw in Mexico City.. cute, colorful and friendly! Per AJ's recommendation, I ordered a chicken green chile soup topped with a scoope of sour cream. It was delicious! J and J both had beef burito. I personally didn't like their chips and salsa (a little bit too mild) but it was a perfect place to enjoy your lunch on Sunday!
2	Came here based on a recommendation from a colleague.Eh.  Honey, I've had better Mexican food in DC.  Yeah, that says a lot.  (The extra star is for the wonderful service.)I had the combo platter, since I wasn't sure what to have.  The pork tamales was too thick and dried.  I make better tamales myself.  The cheese enchilada was a joke.  They were skimpy on the cheese both inside and outside the enchilda.  No taste/flavor at all.  The beef taco was a surprise.  I found myself savoring every bite of it.  The rice...so-so.The waiters were attentive.  They did their best handing 20 of us.  Not an easy job but they made it!  So, they alone deserve a star.Nonetheless, I wouldn't recommend this place to friends.
4	The service on the back patio almost always sucks (1 server for about 15 tables), and their margaritas are the worst I've ever had (I think they make them with Lime-Aid or some crap like that)  But, we keep going back. And this is why--it's freakin hard to find good Mexican in Scottsdale.  And of all the options, F&L is one of the best (definitely #1 in its price range). The back patio has great atmosphere, the food is pretty decent and very reasonably priced, the salsa is pretty good, and their sopapillas are amazing.  As long as you're not in a rush, I highly recommend Frank & Lupe's.
2	Food was mediocre.  Margs were decent.  Service was so-so.  Nothing really all that special to Yelp about.  Just another mediocre food experience.  Being surrounded by good friends made the night.  We sat on patio and sweated our asses off.  The misters didn't help but the margs did.  I wanted water but they never re-filled it so I came home really thirsty.  The food looked better than it tasted. I had the tacos and I wanted the shells to be better than the store bought ones but that is all they had.  My husband had the fish tacos-- it was more like a civeche in a soggy corn tortilla.  Just, you know, not the best you can get that is for sure.
2	I've come to realize that I like Frank and Lupe's patio atmosphere far more than the food.  The food quality is average. The service still, as Cartman would say, suck balls.  If anything, it's gotten worse.Went there for dinner and watched the bartender/server oscillate between watching telenovelas (in 5-10 minute stretches), chatting with the busboy (in 10-15 minute stretches) and picking his teeth with his bare fingers (in solid 5-10 minute stretches).  When he wasn't busy with any of those productive activities he occasionally remembered that he had 4 tables with guests waiting for service . . .I think we're going to start looking for a new great patio that has mediocre Mexican food.
4	Great patio area, margaritas by the pitcher, decent prices and mmmm stuffed sopapillas!!!I will definaly go back but I will probably avoid Fri/Sat night so we don't have to drive around to find parking or wait for a table (in their non-existant seating area).
3	Good atmosphere if you want to get away from the tourist type of restaurant. Salsa and chips are ok. Got the special guacamole dip - pretty good. Had the Enchiladas del Mar - was ok. Service could have been better. Sopapillas were average - fried bread and you add your own honey.
4	+ + +'s: fun/authentic atmosphere/decor, outdoor patio, cheap food, free chips & salsa at beginning, free sopaipillas at end- - - 's: chips & salsa ok, as well as the food (however, this food is pretty authentic)If you are in downtown Scottsdale and want a fun, cheap, authentic Mexican place I'd chose Frank & Lupe's over Los Olivos, El Molino's, or Julio's.
5	We tried this place on a recommendation by a friend. I've lived in Arizona for about 10 years and this is definetely in my top 5 Mexican food places! I had the shredded beef tacos and let me tell you they were the best I ever had and that is saying alot because I have had alot of shredded beef tacos! The outside patio was awesome! The only downside was the crappy chips and salsa. The salsa was the runniest I have ever has. It is very decently priced, we had two entrees and two beers and it was only about $24!  Even if you dont live near oldtown you should make the trip to this place! I give it a "Hot damn! That was some tasty food!"
3	Setting:  Nice place, feels very much like south of the border.  Nice decor.  The only thing is, you have to go outside and around the building to go to the restroom.Food:  I had the tostada, and it was very good.  I'm surprised it doesn't come with sour cream...I had to ask for it on the side.  Adding some of the salsa that's given with the free chips (which were also very good btw) made it that much better.Service:  Very nice waiter, very helpful.  However, I didn't like the fact that they didn't refill our appetizer chips and salsa.  There's a note up front that says "due to cutbacks...etc etc."  But we were a group of 6 and we should've gotten more, instead of what seemed like only for 3 or 4.  :(  Understandable tho, but unfortunate.
3	Unfortunately we were not fortunate enough to meet Frank or Lupe (unless they were the ones trying to sell carnations to us while we ate....hmm) What a cute place! I love the decor and the ambiance of this place! Everything from the lighting to the music to everything was wonderful! For the first time in awhile I felt like this was truly an authentic restaurant (rare in the concrete jungle!). I like the little quirks of having to go outside to the restroom, and the cool back patio. This place came highly recommended by the other couple we went with and to be honest, we had such a damn good time with them that I hardly remember the food (which does not say much for the food since I just ate dinner there last night!). The chips and salsa were great but not amazing. The salsa was definitely fresh but a little too thin for me. To drink, I had a prickly pear Margarita which was wonderful! I was not all that impressed with my meal. No doubt it was authentic but I didn't really care for all the extra grease. As everyone said, the service is SUPER slow but we didn't really mind since we had great drinks but based on the food/service, I doubt we will return....
1	Atrocious. I mean, really atrocious. Now, I almost went with 2 stars because all of their servers were super friendly and attentive, but that could not remedy the offensive meal that they served me today. The patio is very charming and I like how close all the tables are and it felt very charming, so I really didn't mind when they seated me at a dirty table and left me there unattended for about 5 minutes. After clearing it off I waited a few more minutes before having a menu presented...honestly I am not going to complain about the wait though because I was alone and waiting in a restaurant is more palatable when you are with someone else. So anyway I wasn't super duper hungry but the veggie burrito cost almost as much as the enchiladas del mar, and i haven't had seafood in a while so i thought, "well, okay $9.25 enchiladas here I come." supposedly the meal was 3 enchiladas with crab and shrimp, rice and beans...and it included 2 sopapillas for dessert, which i don't like and didn't want, but you don't pay less for not having them, and they brought them anyway.I had scoped out two guys across the way with really huge plates full of food, and thought at least if i was getting all that food i could take some home. That's why i was surprised when my plate was set down in front of me. I had three tiny cheese enchiladas that were not stuffed with crab and shrimp, but were topped with a few of those freaky teeny tiny shrimp and FAKE CRAB. those horrible whitefish composite crab legs that taste equally of tuna, eggs and white bread. I was stunned. Frank and Lupe's should be ASHAMED of themselves for serving this to paying customers for nine dollars. How about the rest of the dish? Well, there was about 1 tablespoon of crusty rice (how rice can get crusty i don't even want to know) and an equal amount of beans that had no taste. not even bean taste. To add insult to injury the whole meal was swimming. a 1/4 in lake of oil-speckled water coated the bottom of the plate and i really can't even imagine why. None of the food was hot and only when the "seafood" was pushed off my enchiladas was i able to choke them down. I know i should have sent this back and walk out. I know it. but I was so embarrassed, i could not believe that this was a meal I would end up paying $12 dollars for (including tip) and I just wanted to cry, scream, but mostly, get the hell out of there. What a travesty to the name of Mexican food.
3	This is one of those joints where the food overshadows the spotty service.  Anyone that reads my reviews, knows I'm sort of a salsa snob. And although I like their standard salsa that comes to the table complimentary, I LOVE their secret stash of hot salsa (you have to ask for it).  Not everything hits the bulls eye with me, but for the most part, F&L is good eats!Their Santos Lounge is pretty cool and has a pretty impressive menu of tequila. NATALIE'S F*#! the Recession Item:HAPPY HOUR M-F 4-6p1/2 Price margaritas1/2 Price Appetizers
3	Good authentic mexican food in the heart of old town. The Santos building next to patio is pretty cool too.
4	Went on a client lunch at Frank and Lupe's and it was very good. Had the fish tacos, which is my default "go to" dish to determine whether a place is good or not. Service was great. Prices reasonable.Only thing - i guess the restroom is not in the restaurant? Its a very, very small place.
3	This is good(ish).Salsa was average. Guacamole was average. Service was slow but not outrageous. But I did like the atmosphere. We ate out back and it was beautiful - I could have used a space heater, mostly because I'm a weather wimp. They have them they just weren't on that particular night.My food was good. I'm trying to remember exactly what I had (an indication I go out to eat a bit too much) I believe some sort of bean burrito thing that ended up being average to good. I don't spend any time really in Old Town or Scottsdale for that matter, but if is this the best they have for Mexican it will suffice - the charm wins it a lot of points and maybe even a return visit in my book. But I've definitely had better in the Valley.
3	Good Tex-Mex in the Phoenix area - little family-owned place near Old Town.Convenient to local hotels, and they give you yummy sopapillas with  your meal. They are not overwhelmingly accomodating of special requests, but are ok with leaving something you don't want off your plate. Salsa is tasty if not a revelation, like the rest of the food. Service can be poor if you are dining alone, so take a book and plan on staying a while. The food's good enough that it's still worth going, however.
2	This place was just ok.  My boyfriend loves their chicken enchiladas.  We were with a party of five and were given our choice of seating when we walked in.  However, I should have known that I wasn't in store for a 5 star experience when the server who was "seating" us just walked away when we chose the table we wanted.  I was left standing there wondering if he was going to go get menus and then seat us or if we were supposed to just go sit down.  Kind of awkward.  Food was also just average.  The bf still enjoyed his chicken enchiladas.  I should also add that he initially ordered the wrong enchilada plate and when it came to the table the server was very accommodating about taking it back and getting the correct entree.  I had the carnitas taco special which was two tacos with rice and beans.  I specifically asked about what kind of tortillas the tacos were made with and the server said they were hard shell tacos.  When they arrived the tortillas were corn, greasy and soft.  Not so good.  My mom's soft tacos were strangely served upside down.  I was also the only at the table who was served refried rather than whole beans.  Not sure if that was part of the special, but thought it was kind of strange.  I loved that they served sopapillas with dinner.  Prices are reasonable and service was fair.  It was an ok experience but with other better places I don't know that I would choose to go back.
3	Good Tex-Mex in Old Town Scottsdale. I enjoyed it. The service wasn't the best, but our meals were good. Chips and salsa were just ok.The must try are the sopapillias (sp?). Great stuff with honey.However the building itself and atmosphere was nice and I enjoyed the patio seating.
1	I hadn't been to Frank & Lupe's for more than a year when I met a potential client there for lunch today.I don't embarrass easily...just look at the fact that I post my actual picture on my Yelp profile. I come from stout Norwegian stock (you want to talk about an internal compass that is seldom right but never uncertain and always unconcerned, it's the good Norwegian wood - gratuitous Beatles reference - that I spring from).But, jeez, I was embarrassed today!I remember this place as being better than this! Do I have early onset "old-timers" disease? Is my fondness for happy hours just the beginnings of a craving for "early bird specials"? I don't know.I got there a few minutes early and was seated and got chips and salsa (both the regular and the hot..I like the hot, but you never know about other peoples taste). So far so good...decent chips and decent salsa, although I seem to remember the chips being warm the last time I was here.It went downhill from there. My lunch meeting arrived and we chatted as we waited for our server to come and take her drink order...and waited...and waited. He finally looked at us (could it have been my frantic waving?), and dropped by the table to find out what all the fuss was about. Took her drink order and asked what we wanted  for lunch. We hadn't decided and that earned us a sniff and spin, and off he went. Another server brought her drink and we looked at the menu's while we talked business and waited for our server to return...and waited...and waited.I just want to iterate that it just wasn't that busy today...maybe 12-15 total tables, in and out, with 3 servers, so not a heavy load. Our server finally returned after another stint of waving (I had my workout this morning, but I got in a little extra upper body at F&L). He took our orders and we waited...and waited.My fish taco's came out, and we waited for my lunch companions Holy Mole'...and waited...and waited. 5 minutes and I motioned to him (less waving this time...he was looking anxiously between us and the kitchen by now). I asked him to take my order back to the kitchen and keep it warm until both orders could be brought out together...he didn't. Instead he said the mole was coming right out, which it did (if by "right out" he meant 4 minutes from now).This might have all been OK, if the food had been what I thought I remembered...it wasn't...it was worse...way worse.The fish in the taco's was not fresh...little tiny chunks of fish that clearly came out of a can. I tried all three tacos, and there was some variation in the flavors, but not from the fish.The mole may have been worse. I don't know, but for someone who was looking forward to the mole to give up after a half dozen bites was not a good sign.You know, it's never a good idea to have a prospective business relationship see you switch into full jerk mode over something as trivial as a crappy lunch (although I was sorely tempted), so I paid the bill, we continued our conversation and I will probably not get to pick the restaurant the next time we dine together. But it was a successful lunch in the business sense.I try to "vote local" with my dining and entertainment dollars, and I don't expect perfection, but could some of these places at least try? Canned fish in the tacos...really?!?!?! I don't think my memory is faulty...I think it was better, and I know I was looking forward to having lunch there today.Jeez...this was embarrassing!
4	We have been to Frank & Lupe's many times, but last night was the worst service we have had (but was also the 1st time we sat on their patio area).  The food was still wonderful, full of taste and the kick of heat.Good stacked enchilada's & sopapilla's.We certainly will go back again, but wonder if it was a one off or was the patio for the service gap that is not normal for F & L's.
4	Frank and Lupes is one of my favorite places to grab up some good mexican food. Mind you, it is NEW MEXICAN not Sonoran. Anyway, they have a good happy hour (only available on the patio, which is lovely) and everything I have tried on the menu is great. I would recommend anything with their shredded beef...i just drooled on my keyboard. Eew. Also, some of my favoite salsa.
3	Foods good.  Cute place.  Nothing special, good value.Now the important part:Last time I ate here I was staring at this guy the whole time, like "Do I know you?"  He looked back some, mostly bored as hell with his woman.  After he gets up I hear the other tables talking... It was Luke Wilson!  I mean, if Luke Wilson eats there, it's good for something :)  I'm sure he was just in town talking his brother down from the Clarendon roof... zing!
5	I was visiting from Austin last weekend - where tex mex is not just the norm, its the rule - and I can say this place blew me away.  The Serrano Chili Enchiladas were amazing.  Rice and beans were fresh.  Margaritas were just OK, but whatever.  Check it out if you're in town.  Reasonable prices.
4	This place was delicious, fast, and one of the few places in Scottsdale with actual people in it in this HEAT.The margaritas are fantastic.  I highly recommend a pitcher...I had the tamales.  Get one of each.  They are good. The refried beans are real- no nasty canned stuff here.  And the sopapillas rock.  Loved it, and will likely go back next time I am in town!
1	No bueno.  We read about this restaurant in one of the Moon's AZ books as a place to try for good, New Mexican food = not.  It was worse then Chevy's...the margaritas tasted like water and I got so sick during dinner from the food & margarita I was donzo for the night.Also, you're definitely not coming for the ambiance, it's definitely a hole of wall.  It would've been fine if the food made up for it - but you're better off at a chain restaurant down the street.
5	Sweet Jeebus, I miss this place. Dearly.We were regulars at this awesome joint, and enjoyed sweet margaritas on the open patio in the back of the restaurant. This place definitely seems out of place when you first see it...right along the Scottsdale Art District, but you NEED to go in. I have many fond memories of this place, seeing as we moved back to Denver (and I can't seem to find a solid Mexican place here in CO that boasts both good food and ambiance), I dearly wish there was one here! Favorites of mine were the smothered burrito and the SOPAPILLAS with honey. There was an unusual time when there was some kind of Elvis impersonator singing on the back patio, but it made for truly a one-of-a-kind experience. I will cherish my many memories of Frank and Lupe's, and will count the days until I can once again sit on that patio  with a marg in hand, and a smile on my face.This place has some serious charm, and isn't for the uptight. If you want to get some good, laid-back Mexican eats on a warm evening, you can't find anything better than dinner under the stringed-lights of the patio.
5	If you want some good food at a good price, this is the place!Eating at many mexican restaurants, this is by far my favorite. The chicken enchiladas are good, the beans, the margaritas and the chicken mole.Not a swanky place that fits into the Scottsdale area, but just down right good food. Come here for the food. The patio is quaint. I like it here. I have never sat inside and would not recommend it. It feels cramped.I live in Denver now and wish Frank and Lupe's was here.
4	I've eaten at this small mexican diner a bunch and really like it- a litle inconsistent, but that goes with the territory.  My measure of a mex place is can they make a good Releno- and these guys get it done.  Have you ever noticed- everything is better sitting at the bar and conversing with the people cooking and waiting on you??  They tend to take better care with you.
5	I'm partial to this place... I will admit this immediately. They come from my home state and know New Mexico chile and how it should be prepared. Chile rellenos, chile colorado, tacos and enchilads I've had them all. GOOD HOMESTYLE (Mexican homestyle) food. DO NOT forget to top your meal off with their homemade sopaipillas & honey. Never a complete dinner unless you have some.
1	I managed to find a place that is actually worse than Los Sombreros and Los Olivos! Scottsdale is known for food but very average food, but even with those low expectations, this small restaurant failed to live up to its "New Mexico" theme or to the definition of anything that I would consider fit to eat. it's a bit like dining in a small warehouse, crammed in with other people just a bit too closely and having to speak Spanish so that the bored people at nearby tables won't listen in. That works because we were the only Latinos anywhere near the place. I don't expect Mexican food in restaurants to be like what we have at home so I don't go with preconceived ideas to judge a place but food should be hot and I should not have to pick hard "things" out of my teeth as I eat it. A margarita out of a bottle should not cost seven bucks. These are just basic, common-sense items. Other reviews speak of inconsistency in food and service. I guess we hit it on a very bad night, but we won't be back.
5	Back again!!!  LUPE'S SPECIAL.. ground beef enchiladas with and egg on top. Heart attack special but what a way to go.  Washed it down with a cold Bohemia.
5	I'm sad that the average rating for this place is low... it was simply spectacular.On honeymoon in Scottsdale, we seeked above all a good mexican restaurant.    It took three tries before we found Frank & Lupes.     I had Frank's enchilada plate and it was WONDERFUL.     We ordered sour cream on the side and that made it perfect.Our only suggestion to management:    the 'dessert' (sopatilla?) is so so much better hot - why not bring it out at the end of the meal instead of with the rest of the food?We only found this place by stumbling past it and smelling the incredible aromas - what is the matter with you yelpers???   This is clearly five star (budget) mexican!
5	Best Mexican/New Mexican restaurant around.  My family and I have been eating here almost every week for years.  Their salsa is the absolute best; just the right amount of heat, chunks of onion, and large sprigs of cilantro....truly divine!  Frank and Lupes subscribes to the "quality" over "quantity" philosophy that is to the detriment of many other local mexican eateries.  My favorites are Taco's De Charro, Chicken Mole, Shredded Beef Burrito's (the meat is succulent and perfectly seasoned), and their Veggie Burrito which is hands down the best in town.  Some of the gripes from fellow yelpers about Frank and Lupes are down right comical to me.  Complaints about tables being close together and people being able to hear your conversations are issues at most restaurants that are busy by virtue of serving a great product.  Frank and Lupes is not the Melting Pot and shame on you for blaming an eatery for not living up to your baseless preconcieved notions.  As a service industry veteran, I know that some are very adept at the art of dis-satisfaction.  Thank goodness for those of you who "will not be back", My wait for a table every week just got a bit shorter.
2	We were there for lunch on a gorgeous Saturday afternoon, and seated ourselves on the patio.  Unfortunately, there was one waitress serving about a half dozen tables  on the patio while tending the bar, so service was slow throughout our visit.  The salsa was a notch above taco sauce from a bottle, not a good start.  One of my favorite dishes is carne adovada, with it's rich, smoky, sometimes spicy flavor, so I went with the carne adovada plate.  Wow, was this one a disappointment!   The meat, usually moist and fall off the bone tender,  was dry and chewy.  The sauce was primarily tomato based, and lacked the kind of flavor that you find at Los Dos Molinos or Carlsbad Tavern.  And it was over salted.  The accompanying beans and rice were forgettable, the 2 sopapillas that came with the meal were OK.  For what it's worth, though, the table of visitors from Wisconsin next to ours seemed to be enjoying themselves.  Hasta la vista, Frank and Lupe.
4	Really not sure why so many other yelpers hammer this place...  Took a quaint damsel to this fine establishment and had quite a great time. Had the Steak Fajitas, she had the chicken fajitas, both were fab and the I was really impressed with the beans and rice which were certainly above average.The Guac seemed like it may have been processed a bit, and the salsa was good but a bit watery.  The outside patio is nice and cozy.  I think it is pretty damm good, but I am so biased with mexican food. It is hard not for me to love it.
4	LOVED IT!  One of the best meals we had while visiting the area (and we ate out prolly 10 times).  Hubby loves mexican and can be a picky eater  , he wanted to return in the same week.  I loved it and was thrilled we landed for dinner during Happy hour (half priced Margaritas and apps).  If we lived nearby we would at least hit happy hour once a week!Tasty and authentic food.  Yes the salsa was watered-down but it's flavor was amazing! Atmosphere was fun, eclectic and lovely to be outdoors!
3	Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.  Warm months = sit outside, drink margaritas, have fun.Cold months =  endure too many people crammed inside, get shitty service, wonder 'what happened?'.F&L's...I'll see you in a few months, once the temp starts heading in the right direction again.
5	I can honestly say I am so glad we will be moving to AZ. in a few month cause we fell in love with this place and can't wait to go back.  We asked locals were to go and everyone we asked, told us Frank & Lupe's.   I can over look at lot if the food is great, and the food is just that!  I expect "Mexican food" to be what you find at your buddies grandma's house, that's what makes it soooo good.  Hands down some of the best Mexican food I have ever eaten.
2	Ok, so never tried this place, even though it is less than 5 minutes from my house. We (me plus 2) get there and they are super busy. Thought it was weird since it was Monday night at 8pm...but there is a wait. They have exactly- one server, one busser, and one bartender serving food to help out. We only waited about 15 minutes..not bad. We sit down, wait about 15 minutes to see a server...we decide what we want to eat by the time he actually gets there. He takes our drink order and as my friend starts to give her food order, he walks away. He comes back takes our order...we never see that guy again until the bill. When our food came, our entrees were supposed to have tortillas...but no tortillas. I got the Carne Adovada plate which was SUPER salty and had no flavor at all. It was as if they mixed masa with it to thicken it but didn't blend it well. My friend got the Chicken Mole Enchiladas which were pretty good, nothing great and my other friend got seafood enchiladas which had hardly any filling to the enchiladas. I asked 3 times for the tortillas...that never came. Our waiter came after we were done with our food and asked if we wanted more drinks. We were done at that point.
4	Reviews of this place are all over the board, but I always eat there when I do my yearly Scottsdale gallery crawl. The food and ambience, a series of indoor and outdoor patio rooms, are quaint and very satisfying, with good size portions, and a very friendly staff. At least to me they are. I was last there in late November and had the days special, enchiladas in a poblano sauce which was quite good. The salsa is spiced just right.
4	Bummer reading the bad reviews. That wasn't my experience at all. Here in Scottsdale on business, and stayed a couple blocks away. The entire Old Town part of Scottsdale is cute. This place fits in well. Cute look inside and out.Server sat me right away. I hardly looked at the menu before deciding on the Special, shredded beef tacos and a Corona. Chips and salsa were so-so. The tacos were delicious. Came with some rice and lettuce. Very simple, and exactly what I wanted. The added bonus is the tacos had a good spice to them, and the tortillas were tasty.Before I could ask for dessert they brought me the check. The real reason I was there was because I saw they had sopaipillas. I asked my server to add an order (2) of sopaipillas, which she gave to me gratis. I know better than to expect great sopaipillas outside of New Mexico, and these were just ok. Still a novelty to get them somewhere without having to travel to NM.
5	I love Frank & Lupe's... I had the Chile reyenos... It was so spicy... Mmmm!  I also tasted the chimichangas. I wish it was a little crispier, but nonetheless, it was delicious... and when I upgraded the tequila and added Cointreau to my margarita, it was outstanding. They are having a party on their patio with a mariachi band on Friday. .. I will be there with my girls... Woohoo! Sorry - I know - i am a terrible speller... LOL  :  )
4	Gorgeous day on Monday and nothing cures my hangover like Mexican beer. Husband and I headed over to Frank and Lupe's to sit on the patio and enjoy the sun. Their complimentary chips are delicious and they don't give too large a portion, so as to avoid not having room for the main dish. Little bit of a pet peeve is having chips down before the water, but drinks were quickly delivered following the drop. The waitress was terribly slow, but it was obvious she was busy and not neglectful. It did not affect service. Why? Sometime you realize the true hero of restaurants is the back server (aka the busboy). The back server took our drink orders and made sure we were o.k. whenever the waitress was not around (which was pretty often). I ordered the fish tacos and husband ordered the chimichanga. He was a huge fan of the meat, believing it to be of a higher quality than others he had at Mexican food restaurants. My fish tacos were delicious and gone in about two minutes. It was good to be reminded that this gem is close to home and should be added to the dining out rotation.
3	Old Town Scottsdale is a mecca for three things: tourists seeking cheesy and sometimes obnoxious knick-knacks, twenty-somethings seeking overpriced novelty cocktails and easy ass, and middle aged well to do women spending money at boutiques while their husbands work to keep them wearing the current trends. Frank & Lupe's falls in the first category, appealing to the knick knack buyers after they are done shopping and have worked up an appetite.That said, I thought I should try it on a Tuesday night with no plans. My initial reaction after seeing the drapes in the dining room was I would be in for an overpriced-underflavored meal that would only appeal to someone from Nebraska. Quite the contrary. I proclaim Frank & Lupe's one of the best (border style) Mexican restaurants in the Valley. The Green Burro owned and acutually contained fresh green chiles. their chips and salsa were also very tasty. The biggest surprise? the price was right in line with your Arriba, Abuelo's, Macayo's, etc. No complaints there.The reason for the downgrade from four stars? the service. Quite frankly, the server, and server assistant that were assigned to our table were inattentive at best. They made no effort to give us exceptional service, and worst of all, every time I emptied my water glass they asked if I wated more. It's empty isn't it?
2	Good food + weak shaty service= dosStars. Heard this spot was good and wanted to try it out. Went there for lunch on a Thursday and sat in the patio area. After waiting 15 minutes a server graced us with his presence. For some reason, while they serve carne asada tacos, they lack the technology to offer carne asada burros on the menu.For anyone not familiar with burro 101, here are the required steps in creating a burro. 1. Tortilla (sometimes called a "wrap", but only by gavachos)2. Filling (meat, veggies, fiberglass, etc)In looking at the menu, they have allThe prereqs to make my dreams come true. Fast forward to lunch arriving, it was good, but my burro was covered in red sauce. Weird that the server didn't think to ask if I was good with that?This is going no where quickly, so allow me to land the plane. PROs -Good food-Decent atmosphereCONs-Slow service-Like chips? Expect to pay for anything above one serving. Since it takes so long to get your food- you really have no choice but to survive on chips and sugar packets. -Slow service-High prices for what you get. I can see paying for chips if it's a little tacoStand, but this place is a bit pricey toHave to pay for chips.
1	this is one of the nastiest places to eat in PHX. the guac tastes like feet. the margaritas are terrible and they don't have frozen ones. the meat in the burrito tasted like over spiced rubber. the staff was highly lazy.run from this place.
2	The food was outstanding. Unfortunately, the service sucked. Group of 7 on a Monday night at 6:30 and it took 10 minutes to find us a table. Then 15 minutes to get us menus, water, and chips. Wanted to take our order about a minute after delivering our menus. Then, almost 40 minutes to get the food out. The bartender wasn't our waiter, but he was stuck delivering water, chips, and our food. Needless to say, we didn't get refills on much of anything during the 40 minute wait for our food. Would have complained to the manager, but couldn't figure out who to ask, or if it would have done any good. Let me repeat, the food was spectacularly good. And, had I been with a group of drinking friends, the wait would have been tolerable. But, I was with my children on a school night.  The icing on the cake of craptastic service was the 15 minutes we had to wait to get our bill. I'm not sure they would have actually noticed if we had left without paying, they were that disorganized. As good as the food was, I'm hard pressed to find a reason to return anytime soon. With the competition for my dining dollar at an all time high, Frank and Lupe's doesn't seem to be in the race.
5	This place is freaking awesome!  There's nothing like hanging out on a patio in 80 degree weather after a spring training game getting refreshed from one of the best margaritas in Scottsdale...nothing.  Everything aside, the margaritas were freaking awesome.  My buddy Chris R and I conducted a skateboard margarita tour of Scottsdale one Saturday, and I've gotta say that Frank and Lupe's were definitely near the top.Their patio is to die for.  I would rather wait for an outdoor table for an hour than be immediately seated inside.  The food - as a previous reviewer said it's on par with similar "gringo" Mexican places; not bad but not what you target on a quest for authentic.The service has been slow at times, but for the most part I've never had any issue.  I look forward to every opportunity to return to this refreshing break from the Scottsdale norm!!
4	Every time I go to Phoenix I make a point of visiting Frank & Lupe's. The food is excellent, the service friendly and the atmosphere relaxed and fun. It isn't high cuisine, but it doesn't pretend to be and it doesn't need to be! We always start off with the margaritas that nicely straddle the line between weak and WHOA TOO MUCH. The standard chips and salsa are on the table in minutes, the salsa also hitting the sweet spot of not too hot and not too bland. The guacamole is amazing. If you're looking for an enjoyable meal in a nice location -- smack in the middle of Old Town Scottsdale's shops and galleries -- you really can't go wrong.
2	My family and I came here on a Friday night in search of some authentic Mexican food in Scottsdale, where we were vacationing for the Giants Spring Training. I had heard about Frank and Lupe's through Yelp so I had some high expectations, but unfortunately I was disappointed. We showed up for dinner around 9:15 and decided to sit outside on their heated patio; which was the highlight of the evening. We waited about 10 minutes for our server to come by and take our drink order, and eventually our food order. We had also ordered an order of guacamole as fellow Yelp users raved about the guacamole, but we didn't get it before our dinner arrived, rather in the middle of it, when we had already gone through 2 baskets of chips (which cost $2 after the first basket!). I do have to say that their margaritas are really tasty; I ordered a Cazadores margarita on the rocks with salt, yum!; for dinner, I ordered the #8 I believe, the spinach and cheese enchiladas with verde sauce. The sauce on the enchiladas was really zesty, and the spinach added a much needed freshness to the dish; rice and beans were also good. Our bill came, and eventually the server came back to run through the credit card. My family and I left with high expectations not being met, and saying, "I probably wouldn't come back here again."
3	Food - The food here is pretty OK. By that I mean it was good but didnt stand out. My friend had the mole and swears by it so that is a plus I guess.Service - piss poor. You would think paying $3.00 for a soda you would at least be offered 1 refill.Value - See above! 2 small baskets of chips and salsa for 6 people. If you want more they are $2.00 each!! Meal value was average. Overall - we waited almost 1 hour to be seated for a party of 6. When we were seated, we got a table for 4 with 2 extra chairs. Not complaining about the table, just the wait. I would understand if they had to pair 2 tables but we all sat at a standard size table. Service was aweful. Probably would not return. There are a million other mexican joints within a 2 mile radius.If it wasn't for the great company we had, I probably would have been mad but we were with good friends and just rolled with it.
3	It took me a long time to find a great Mexican Restaurant in Scottsdale, so I was very excited to find Frank and Lupe's!   The chips and salsa (one of my favorite parts of the meal) are delicious and I have been satisfied with them every visit.  I also have never been disappointed in the food.  I have to agree with some previous reviews that the service is terrible.  At times it seems like you need to beg to even eat there and they are never friendly to the customers!  Improved service would make this a 5 star review!
3	I've been to Frank and Lupe's twice now. The first time was part of the Scottsdale walking tour and we were able to sit down for about 20-30 minutes and enjoy some sopaipillas. The sopaipillas were very tasty and had a little bit of kick to them. I wish I had more when I left, even after I was able to eat half of my wifes.Last night, I went with my wife and another couple for Happy Hour.  Happy hour is 4-6 pm and half price appetizers and margaritas. AWESOME! We enjoyed our food and drinks on the cool patio area. The margaritas were very good and went down easy. As for the food, we went with the mini tacos, cheese crisp and mini chimicangas. The cheese crisp and chimichangas served with salsa, guacamole were good. I was a bit disappointed by the mini tacos. They were okay, but not great. Seemed like something you got at Costco, dropped in the fryer and served. Not much behind them.The service was really good. Our drinks came out quickly after each order. The food took longer though. Given the food was just appetizers, I thought the food should arrive quicker. The food took upwards of 20 minutes.  Overall, 3.5 stars.I plan to head back and have an actual dinner next time.
4	i kept it simple with chicken taquitos. couldn't find one thing to complain about. some of the best chips and salsa around. i'm not one to finish a whole basket but i pretty much felt obliged to do so the shit was so good. i can see where someone may have complaints about the staff, but they're busy - so give 'em a break. i'll be back soon.
4	I've been here twice.  Loved it once and liked it alot the second time.  First, the patio really is lovely.  I don't feel like I'm in the middle of Scottsdale, that's for sure.  Great, efficient service both times.  Great food both times.  I forget the names of what I've ordered, but it's always fresh and mouth-watering.  The margaritas are big and decent.  They seemed stiffer on my first visit, a little more watered-down on my most recent visit.   Of course, my second visit was at happy hour, so maybe that had something to do with it.  Great chips and salsa.  Sopapillas were a novelty, but very good.  I plan to go back whenever I'm in the area if for no other reason that the patio- it's really an oasis in the middle of Old Town.
5	Frank and Lupe's is one of my new favorites in Old Town Scottsdale.I highly recommend it...  They are open until ten every evening and have the best staff. I can't remember a place that had a more attentive group of people.   There are so many places to sit.. very intimate dining areas, a patio and at least three bars...   It's family owned and it shows that they are proud of their business.   Well worth the trip to Scottsdale Arizona... you will not regret it...This place is just great!
3	A group of us girls went here for dinner to start out a bachelorette party last weekend. Once we arrived, it didn't take long for them to set up our table in the outdoor patio. When the first four of us sat down, the server came by to take our drink order. We asked for water while we waited for the rest of the group and the server actually rolled his eyes at us and said, "okay" in that snooty voice. I asked him if there was a problem with our drink order and he laughed and said no. Maybe he thought he was being funny and joking with us but it did not come out that way. A few more girls joined and by that time the servers went ahead and brought water for everyone. 15-20 minutes after they brought our waters, our server still hadn't come back to see if we wanted to order bar drinks and/or food.  We had to go up to the bar, where he was standing, and tell him he were ready. About 5 minutes later, he came to take everyone's order. After that, we barely saw him. I ordered the ceviche and the guacamole appetizer. I thought the guacamole app would just be a bowl of guacamole but it came with refried beans and chips. That was a nice surprise because I was worried about having to order extra chips and be charged for them (per other Yelp reviews). The guacamole was pretty good and I can throw down on that stuff. I also thought the salsa they brought out was extremely good. My ceviche was...interesting. I love ceviche and ordered it with the intent of something light. It came out on two tostadas with the shrimp, avocado, and salsa layered on each tostada. I definitely did not expect that but I guess that it their twist on ceviche. I found the ceviche to be very saucy, as well, almost as if it had ketchup mixed with the tomatos. It was also pretty spicy. After eating the first tostado, I just ate the toppings off the others with a fork. I liked my ceviche at Frank & Lupe but not if I knew it was ceviche. I looked around at the girls' dishes and I will say they looked pretty good. We also ordered pitchers of their house margarita ($24 each) which I thought was pretty good. Overall, I thought the food was decent, drinks good, and service terrible. Would I go back? Hmmm, not sure but I think anyplace is worth a second chance.
4	There is a problem in the kitchen, the kitchen had a fire...not exactly sure what we heard, but hey, the food was good, so...  We both ordered the Carne Asada Burrito, Beans, and Rice special.  I loved the flavor of the rice, and the beans were pretty decent too.  The burrito, though it looked fairly plain, actually had very good flavor.  The chips and salsa at the beginning were tasty as well, although I have to admit, the taste of the chips far out did the taste of the salsa.  The only "complaint", and not really a complaint, was the service was kind of lacking in refilling drinks, etc...  otherwise, I thought, very worth the money spent.
4	This was the last stop on the pub crawl.  Time for some sustanence (and margaritas) for most of us.  Time to throw up in the pushes for the birthday boy (and for a commercial pilot don't you think he'd have a higher tolerance - aren't they always drinking and whoring around - kidding).  The baby mama and I split some very nice enchiladas and I still maintain that it was the margaritas here that put me over the edge.  Regardless of that useless gibberish, they have nice drinks (big pitchers), good food, and lots of patio seating.  Useless tidbit:  there was a drunk guy in the bathroom with the door wide open taking his sweet time putting his junk away, proudly announcing (to anyone who would listen) that he was proud of what he had.  Dinner and entertainment.
4	The back patio at Frank and Lupes is such a gem to have in old town. As you walk down a small alleyway, you feel like you're walking in to a small family owned restaurant in a coastal town in Mexico. You're surrounded by walls painted with murals, a small bar, old school hanging corona signs, and not to mention great food. Really... nothing beats eating good Mexican food under the stars.What I personally recommend:Get the #1, it's the combination plate. It comes with a pork tamale, a rolled enchilada, a taco, rice, beans, and two sopaipillas. What I do is ask to sub the taco to a chicken taco. I also get my plate covered in red sauce. Ask for a side of salsa with your #1 to dip or pour on top.Their chips and salsa are great. Many times I get served chips right out of the fryer in my basket. Their salsa is fantastic, and it's very fresh. One of my favorites in AZ. The only downside is their change in policy. In the past you used to get unlimited baskets of chips. Now you get 1 free basket, and I think every basket after that is $2.50. This is crazy in my mind, chips should be free. I asked one server why they started to charge, and he said it's because many people would just leave the chips on their table without touching them. What a weak excuse! Instead of charging, just ask initially if they would like chips. Their policy is just to get extra money...Frank and Lupes gets 5 stars for food, 3.5 stars for service, and 2 stars for their policy. Their food is really good, so I cannot give this place anything lower than a 4.
4	The not-so-cost-conscious bartender was pouring the Cadillac Margaritas tall and strong when I swaggered on to the patio at Frank & Lupe's the other night. It was over 100 degrees outside and the icy concoctions went down nicely. I'll claim it as a medicinal endeavor since I've been told by a Puerto Rican friend that alcohol helps to regulate internal body temperature. I'm no doctor, so I was happy to give it every chance to work its magic. The patio was packed when we arrived, but as we polished off our first pitcher of Negro Modelo we were seated. The wait staff here are deft at flipping tables on busy nights, though you never feel rushed. Chips and salsa arrived quickly. Hot, fresh chips and the spicy, cilantro-y salsa that I've come to love about this place. Now, down to the business of ordering. There were four of us, so ample opportunity to sample a good portion of the menu. Stacked enchiladas with red sauce and a fried egg on top; carne adovada plate with rice, beans and tortillas; chili relleno that melts in your mouth as well as the ever popular chicken mole (that's 'moe-lay', of course). Served quick and not unlike a mosh-pit on a plate. It's unfussy and a little bit messy. It's how my Mexican food ought to be. For dessert (as if anyone needs to chase this kind of dinner with anything more), there were fresh-from-the-fryer sopapillas with honey. Tender and flaky at the same time. It's the reason I wanted a siesta before continuing out the door to our next destination. Don't head to Frank & Lupe's for some pansy-ass health-conscious salad or a pretentiously perfect "ameri-mex" experience. You'll be doing yourself a disservice. Instead, prepare yourself for a full on, chili-laden assault to the senses. You won't be disappointed.
5	Service is slow but worth the wait. Tried everything from Quesadilla (An authentic version with beans and cheese) to fajitas (also authentic with spicy red sauce) to Huevos Rancheros (Oh so heavenly) and Open faced cheese enchiladas. This is where I stop. Open face cheese enchiladas came with eggs, and a variety of sides.Have you ever heard a song that gave you the shivers? It was kind of like that. I took one bit of my concoction (I put the egg wrapped in the enchilada, beans, rice, salsa, sour cream?) And my mind exploded. It was the MOST heavenly thing I have EVER tasted. Ever.However, I have not gone back and ordered it again becuase.. I dont want to ruin the memory. Of this perfect moment in culinary heaven. I dont want to over-eat it. It was... so.. delicious. And I had their sopapillas which come with meals with some beans and cheese in it after, which was a fine closure to the worlds perfect meal.Service is always slow here, just like in Mexico ;D but all of the food is fresh and worth the wait.Chips and salsa are 'alright'.
5	Like the quaint atmosphere really cute!  Out door seating that is nice during the cooler times of year.  I eat here often and everything is a hit!  If you just want some tacos theirs are an A plus...the meat juicy and tender in the chicken tacos and the chili relleno  is the best around.  The chips are so fresh...and the salsa is spicy but not too hot.  A nice place for a date ...have a margarita, enjoy a great dinner and then walk around the galleries...a night to remember!
4	I love Mexican food. It makes my heart go *pitter-patter* when I think about it. I've eaten a lot of it in my day. This cute little restaurant is a great go-to when you're in the area. All of the food I've tried has been very good, including the amazing chips and salsa. It's nice to have a not-so-fancy place to retreat to when the city life of Snobsale starts to bring you down.
5	Why five stars? Because the poblano enchiladas will make you believe in God! God is a Mexican from Puebla because he put so much love into these chiles!! And frank and lupes crafted them into these glorious enchiladas.
4	In a town "Old Town" Scottsdale, AZ, with a lot of Mex restaurants: they are very popular and that says it all. Food quality is very good. Service is fair to poor? Worth going to and then trying some others. There are two separate areas, the colorful bar where I ate, or the very informal restaurant. Then there is a private outside courtyard area next door.
1	This place was horrible, service was the worst I've ever had! Server took our order and never came back to the table. Busboy had to bring water and dessert. When we asked for the manager, he said he was busy. Another server brought our bill and there was a 20% gratuity for our lazy server! the patio was full, but all the staff were hanging around the bar talking. Don't ever ask for more chips, second basket is $3! I don't recommend this place to anyone! You're better off at Taco Bell. I called the next day to speak to a manager, left a message, never got a return phone call. Lazy staff!! Go back to Mexico!!
4	I'm soooooo full!!!
1	Yowza, if I could give this spot -5 stars, I would.As mentioned in earlier reviews, service is truly non-existent.  It's quite remarkable at the level of 'who gives a crap' that is on display here.I took a co-worker there for a holiday lunch, as she has a dish there she is crazy about. We arrive at one, and are seated right away. Drinks get to us eventually and we are able to order. My friend ordered a house special, and I ordered steak fajitas.While waiting for lunch to arrive, our drinks ran dry, and we also ran out of chips. While the restaurant was slow, with only a handful of tables occupied- the service was still a complete disaster. The wait staff was five feet away behind the bar hanging out, not paying any attention to anything.Eventually our food arrives, and they must have invented a new strain of white beef, because my steak fajitas are white and look like chicken nuggets, only drier. I asked our befuddled server if I was looking at chicken, and he smiled and replied that it was. I reminded him that I ordered steak, at which point he made a gas face. There was no attempt at service delivery, making it right, etc. To end the silent standoff, I told him I would just give the chicken a go.I am really laid back, and I like chicken, so I thought it might taste okay. As it turned out, the chicken was SO dry, and it was shaped like chicken nuggets. I have never seen chicken shaped like that, that was not part of  a meal you order at a drive thru. Moving past the shape, they were dry and truly tasteless. To replicate this dish, you would need old chicken, no flavor, and a hatred for the people you were cooking for.Wrapping up the cluster that was our lunch, my friend ordered some takeout to bring back to her co-worker. We waited for another 20 minutes and no one ever showed up at our table, so I went to the bar and asked about our bill and takeout. Finally I was able to pay and get the takeout bag, which I gave to my pal. I jokingly told her to check it and make sure it wasn't screwed up too, and she did. *** Spoiler alert, they messed up the takeout too. It was completely wrong. I brought the container to the server who replied with "Wow, everything is messed up." Cheers to you, good sir- we agree!While they went to fix it, I saw inside the kitchen, and it was pretty dirty. I can truly say that was my last and final trip to Frank and Lupe's. The food isn't terrible, but the service, price point, and utter lack of giving a shite make it a no go for me. There clearly is no one there to manage the business and ensure that people are being cared for, and that quality control is happening. Do yourself a favor and find another spot.  Hell, at this point Taco Bell on Thomas & Scottsdale is a better option. At least you know going into it that the food will be mediocre.
4	If you're looking for an upscale, service-oriented place, don't bother.  This isn't it.  If you're looking for generic Sonoran style Mexican (think Valle Luna, Garcia's, etc.), don't bother.  This is not the place to get a chimichanga.  If you want a solid margita and rediculous flat enchilada finished off with simple sopapillas & honey, this may be the best place on earth.I've been frequenting Frank & Lupe's for over 7 years now.  I can definitely tell that the place is a proverbial "hole-in-the-wall".  It's like a converted house with uncomfortable chairs and terrible accoustics that magnify everyone's voices.  The bar area is a nice outdoor setup, but is basically in an alley with wrought iron furniture that leaves grate marks on your legs.  The service is generally pleasant and efficient, but can be a bit variable.  The food, outside of the specialities, isn't anything to write home about.So, why the high rating?  #5 and #6.You can't go wrong with the #5 or #6 (variations on the New Mexican style flat enchilada) served with green or red chile (heat seems to vary with season), chicken/beef, and a fried egg on top (get it over easy).  Though not wonderfully hot like Los Dos Molinos, there's something about the enchiladas here.  I can't explain it.  They're just plain good... in a manner than appeals to something ancient in humans.  The post-#5 satisfaction is about as pleasing as it gets outside the bedroom.To boot, the margaritas are pretty decent (and cheap) and the sopapillas are warm and just the right combination of soft and chewy.  They are just good wiping up the mix of chile, cheese, and beans on the plate as they are with a generous drip of honey.Finally, there's a relaxed feeling (some might find it just plain lax) that is a wonderful contrast to it's surroundings (located right in the middle of Old Town Snottsdale).  Duck into Frank & Lupe's for an hour and escape the self-absorbed pretentiousness oozing from nearby Fashion Square and countless short-lived, trendy (but admittedly tasty) restaurants concepts all up and down Scottsdale Road.
1	Went with another couple to get caught up over Christmas time.  Horrible service right from the start.  Had to ask for everything.  Loud obnoxious group there at the same time so forget being able to hear your own table if there's a crowd.  Took forever for our food to come.  Forever for the check, which was NOT worth the price. First and last experience there.  Too bad cause we're locals who love Mexican food.
2	First time at Frank & Lupes in old town Scottsdale, heard this place can make a mean margarita, but I did not see any being made tonight....to say the least I was sort of stuck here, due to some prick of a cop....but that's another story.Walked into this place and it was quite busy, was actually quite surprised on how busy it was for 7pm on a Weds night. Lots of College football fans in their gear due to the game between the ducks and Auburn the day before, so I am assuming most of them were tourist.There was no hostess, and after looking around I decided to mosey up to an empty stool at the bar, took the bartender/waiter a minute to see me, but once he did he was on top of things. Got a Corona and my chip and salsa on, not a big fan of the authentic chips, and the salsa was a bit watery, I got an extra side of sour cream and guacamole, the guacamole was good, large chunks of avocado in it. Sour cream was your run of the mill, after looking over the unimpressive and hard to read lettering on the menu...due to poor design.I decided after the chips maybe just to stick with what I had, so I got the nacho supreme with chicken. To say the least I was not impresses with any part of this dish except for the fact that it was huge...and the chicken was good...but there was not enough of it. Total tab came to almost $25.00 for one beer and nacho supreme and a little extra sour cream and guacamole...RIP OFF!!!Could of got better nacho's at Filberto's in Phoenix for way cheaper.I would be willing to give this place another shot but to say the least I was not very impressed with it on this visit due to the lackluster food and high prices!
4	After a girl's day out- some friends and I stumbled upon Frank & Lupes- we were all pleasantly surprised. The food was good, the service was ok, and we all agreed we would try it again.
4	grab a nice cold margarita on one of the hippest hidden patios around.  Frank and Lupe's has been serving up some of the best Mexican food in a town overflowing with Mexican restaurants for over 25 years now. Located on the corner of Marshall Way and Indian School, Frank and Lupe's features authentic Mexican dishes such as Carne Adobada, Shrimp Enchiladas or Chili Relleno.  But the real treat awaits out back.For those of you who know about the back patio (or discovered it on accident while searching for the bathrooms) we don't need to say anything else. For the rest of you, skip the small restaurant up front and head in back for one of the best outdoor experiences around.  I love to grab the Chicken Mole Enchiladas (fabulous) with a ginormous  (yes it is in the Webster dictionary now) margarita on the rocks and enjoy the great weather Scottsdale has to offer. The back patio is hidden from the traffic and pedestrians of Marshall way and offers a south of the border feeling when you want a little retreat.  What better place to enjoy a time out!Need a real treat? Skip the Sopaipillas and try a Xango. What is a Xango you ask? A deep fried cheesecake rolled in a flour tortilla!
5	Number 1 and a margarita..... Count it.Best southwestern food around.
4	I love this place - it's yummy food - great old school service - love sitting outside. I'd say its my fav casual, cheap mexi food spot in AZ easily!  I also love that after dinner, we can go browse the art studios with our three year old in tow.  Inside is stuffy and loud - sit outside if you can!!!!
4	We came here not knowing what to expect. It was pretty good! I ordered a beef tostada and it was what I was expecting. The rice was a little salty, but everything else was bland so it worked for me. My boyfriend ordered the combo.  There was a taco, tamale, and enchilada. The tamale was a bit spicier than I was expecting. The enchilada had enough cheese to mask any kind of spiciness. The sopillidias (not sure if I spelled it right) was interesting. I never had it before, but it was good. The chips and salsa was pretty good too. The chips looked a bit greasy, but over all satisfied with the Mexican food.
4	Went during happy hour. Great wait staff. Food is nothing special but it isn't inedible. WAY overpriced. Considerig the location I get it but still...
1	After getting our meal after an hour and 22 minutes and being told that "some meals take longer than others" and sending the over-dried "food" back, our replacement meals came after only 8 minutes this time.  Thank goodness there's a McDonalds on the way home.
4	Excellent smoky salsa! Had #13 taco plate with rice and beans, yummy! Never knew this place was here..will be back again to sit out on the patio and watch Old Towne.
1	This place is the main setting of one of the most miserable nights of my life that didn't involve someone dying or me throwing up on my date or something.  Anyway, I'll spare those details and just focus on what a terrible experience this restaurant was.  To begin let me state in the interest of full disclosure that I live in Dallas.  This affords me the opportunity to eat some damn fine Tex-Mex, but it does not make me a Mexican snob.  I'm every bit as comfortable eating at a chain in my native St. Louis as I am at some of the better places I have found in Dallas or anywhere else.  All I ask is that it is good.  Frank and Lupe's is not good.  The people in my party wanted Mexican and several people affiliated with our hotel recommended Frank and Lupe's as the "BEST MEXICAN IN TOWN!!"  I see that in some of the reviews here, too.  Either these people are getting kick backs or Scottsdale has a seriously terrible Mexican restaurant scene.First off, upon our arrival we were quoted a wait time of 35 minutes inside and an hour on the patio.  Ok, guess we're eating inside, no problem.  Unfortunately, 35 minutes turned into nearly an hour to sit in the hot, cramped dining area.  We would have been much better off waiting for the patio and taking our chances.  There are few restaurant sins bigger than undershooting the wait time by almost half.  Off by 5 or 10 minutes?  Still crappy but it happens.  20+ minutes?  No excuse.  This highlights another problem with this place.  It is tiny.  There is no place to wait.  I guess we could have squeezed into the over-full patio and hoped for the best, but otherwise you're standing out on the street on a tiny crowded sidewalk with all the other unfortunate souls about to be subjected to the horrors that are apparently "the best Mexican in town".As you can imagine, after waiting an hour for a table, our party was starving.  Luckily we were at a Mexican place, so we knew we were getting chips and salsa, so we waited...and waited...and waited and finally we hounded the hostess after 10 minutes of sitting there with nothing on the table.  Then we got the "chips" which were actually more like some thick bastard offspring of a chip and a taco bell chalupa shell.  Did I mention they were cold, too?  Warm chips can hide a magnitude of crimes, but not at Frank and Lupe's.  And the salsa was some watery, runny mess.  Yuck.  And what's that I see on the menu?  $2 for more chips?  Luckily the chips were terrible and they would have had to pay me $2 to take more of them, but seriously?  No one I have mentioned this to since has ever seen a charge for chips at a Mexican restaurant.  Was I reading this wrong?  Is this only if I don't order anything besides chips?  Surely it was, right?Moving on...after another good 10 minutes our waiter finally came around for our orders.  I ordered a number 6. I was presented a choice of a green or red sauce.  Being from out of town I asked for the waiter's opinion.  He told me he would get the red but "its a little spicy."  This is important because it was the exaggeration of the century.  Before the meal came out I had finished my first diet coke.  Of course I did because it was like 30 minutes between getting the diet coke and getting the food.  Anyway, I specifically waited for another diet coke before I started the "little spicy" meal.  Then I dig in and I eat...and I eat...and I eat.   In fact, I finished the entire entree before I even felt a hint of spice in my mouth, and even then it wasn't much more robust than Medium Pace picante sauce.  Huge disappointment.  To tell the truth, the whole meal was bland.  There was basically no flavor even under the "little spicy" (emphasis on little, I guess) sauce and the rice was  apparently just plain rice with a little shredded cheese melted onto it.  So, we finished our meal, all massively disappointed, and then it was another 10 minutes until we could get the check and then after that we had to flag down another hostess to actually pay the check because our waiter was MIA.  You might say it was because they were busy, but we didn't start eating until almost 8 and by the time we were done closer to 9, the restaurant was at least half empty.The biggest disappointment for me is how many interesting sounding places I passed by walking to this place.  Unfortunately, my party wanted Mexican and the hotel suggested this dump.  I had one meal out on the town in Scottsdale, on an expense account to boot, and I wasted it on this utterly forgettable hole in the wall disaster.  In fact, I take that back.  I will never forget Frank and Lupe's.  It goes on the Wall of Shame.  Learn from my error, fellow Yelpers.
1	Being from Tucson, I used yelp to try and locate what is supposedly the best mexican food in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.  I had high hopes when I arrived at this restaurant.  It is charming, and looks authentic.  Much like the restaurants down in Tucson.  The chips and salsa came out quick, and the service was great.  Chips and salsa were very good.  However, I was disappointed that you only get one serving, and then you have to pay $3 for another....something that I have never seen before.But sadly, this is was the only positive for the restaurant.  I had a #1 and the person I was eating with had flat enchiladas.  If this is the best Phoenix has to offer, I feel bad for anyone living here.  The food lacked flavor, the green chili sauce tasted like they opened a can and poured it on top.  Beans and rice were not good at all.The sopapillas were good, but that is not hard to mess up.Also way overpriced for what you get. Do yourself a favor, and find another restaurant.  Not worth your time.
4	Just returned to SD from AZ.  Yelped to find a mexican restaurant in Scottsdale.   This place had a good number of reviews, we decided to give it a try.   The food is wonderful!  The service was very slow, but once we received our entrees we were more forgiving.   The abodoba burrito had hunks of tender, savory beef, with cooked for hours flavor and the rolled enchiladas were wonderful too.   They offer green or red sauce and I went with the green, a nice change and so much flavor.  Two cheese and one shredded beef enchilada with rice and beans.  Everything was prepared from scratch and full of flavor.    They will charge for drink refills and the margaritas are very pricey.  Chips may cost extra for an additional basket.  We'd go back again, the food is really wonderful.
1	I realize that management is trying to keep the place as authentic as possible, there is a recurring theme in these reviews and eventually people will stop coming here, you have a great location and once upon a time an amazing restaurant.  The service and attitude of ALL staff is shocking, from the minute you arrive you feel like you are inconveniencing them.  You have a busy restauarant, if you do not have the kitchen capacity, do something about it, when you have a family with a baby, I would have preferred you told me to leave rather than seating me and making us wait for an hour for our food. And when it arrives you mess up the order and tell us that we can either eat what you put in front of us or wait another 20 minutes for the food we ordered.  And to top it off the food was cold, meat overcooked...absolute garbage. Is there any management on staff?  I never saw one and if there are they don't give a crap about their customers.
2	Recently visited Frank and Lupes. Food was very good but service was slow. In fact, we had to go to the bar to order drinks because our waiter wasn't coming over to our table.  At the end of dinner, my dinner partner left the table to use the restroom, and our waiter came over and asked me if I was waiting to be seated......this after he had been already waiting on me for an hour and a half.
3	Food was good. Slow service. First time that I've had to walk outside through a parking lot to get to the bathroom.
5	Mmmmmmm, sopapilla's.. That's why I went here to begin with, and that's why I'd happily go back.  It's a really cute little place, the food is great, and the service is spot on.  My second choice in the valley for mexican food.. first choice still being Mucho Gusto.
2	Great chips, ok food, poor service and that sums up this restaurant. Asked for guacamole for the chips, it made it on the bill but not on the table. Waiter had three small tables yet seemed like he didn't care to serve any of them.
3	I give Frank and Lupes a solid A-OK. I go to Frank and Lupes when the patio is open which is during the peak season and before it gets too hot out. The patio is kind of like a patio in Mexico with the beach in the background. This patio might not have the beach, but it has everything else to the equation, including pitchers of margaritas and a great atmosphere for a weekend meal of decent Mexican food.This isn't fine dining. This isn't even kind of fine dining. But this is a fun option for Mexican food and it's a couple levels nicer than a Mexican bar in town. So if you go into it with these expectations, you'll have fun. I like Frank and Lupes for a casual night out that involves margaritas and guacamole, but especially for their soapapillas. Their soapapillas are really good. Their guac is decent but creamier rather than chunky. I prefer chunky guac but can handle this creamy one. For the entrees, everything is pretty generic Mexican food but the item that stands out most on the menu to me is the #8, the Poblano Creamy Chicken Enchiladas. It has this creamy green sauce to it and the meal definitely stands out from all the other normal Mexican food dishes. So now I've shared my secret spot for a beach vacation to Mexico when I can't quite find myself to the beach itself.
5	First of all, I have NO IDEA what these bad reviews are of this restaurant.I'm an excellent cook myself, and I know crap a mile away - but this food was excellent.  We had a 20-30 minute wait last Saturday night - totally expected. Surprised it was not longer. Place was packed! Server was quick, and the food was extremely good. I had the chicken mole enchiladas and they were delicious. Chips were very good - and I do not know what people are complaining about with the salsa. It was 'different than other Mexican restaurants'  but I think that too is one of the things that sets this restaurant apart - in a good way!Service was attentive, yet unobtrusive. I will look forward to returning to Frank and Lupe's.
2	Service was great. The staff is friendly and helpful. The chips and salsa are good. Unfortunately, the food was terrible. The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland. There was nothing delicious on my plate (which had 3 different items on it). I left with a stomach ache and felt sick the rest of the day. I will not be eating there again.
5	Frank and Lupe's is an oasis hidden amongst a sea of snooty.Tucked back in the back is one of the best patio's around.  The drinks are strong, and quite tasty.  The food is delicious!  I had the carnitas stuffed sopapillas last time, and I'm still dreaming of them...This is a must-stop for me every time I'm in Old Town!
1	I have been here a few times over the last 4 years and really liked it.  It was horrible on Saturday night (5/28).  I ordered the enchiladas with chicken.  When it arrived there were 3 tiny enchiladas with an ounce of cheese inside the soggy tortillas and the "with" chicken part apparently meant a few chunks of chicken would be tossed on top.  I was so disappointed, but starving so I ate it.  The guacamole was really disappointing too.  I don't think we will go back again.
1	We went here because it was recommended by the locals and had good reviews in the tour guide book.  The patio was neat, with fun decorations. The mexican food was average. The salsa was too watery, just a little heat to it.  The  guacamole was good, it was creamy with small chunks of avocado in it. The pinto beans tasted like they came out of a can. One plus is they have pitchers of beer and margaritas. The one star is for the staff/service.  They were slow moving and never came back to the table to check on us after we got our food. It felt like we were inconveniencing them. They didn't give us a refill on the chips until we asked two different servers. Mind you, it was a small plastic basket to begin with, we were not total pigs. I paid an extra 3.50 for the guacamole, the least they could do was bring me some chips with it! I would pass on the food, hang out at the bar for a beer to get the atmosphere and move on. I would have been happier with the food and service at the Baja Grill across the street.
1	I recently visited Frank & Lupes in Old Town Scottsdale for a dinner with friends, and was very disappointed with the experience.  During the evening, our service was quite slow and erratic.  Our party was charged for small servings of chips and salsa, which they brought to our table before we ordered anything.  Some in our party were surprisingly charged for premium alcohol even though they ordered house/well quality.  Even worse, the salsa we were served was watery and of overall poor quality.  We had friends at another table, and they echoed the same sentiments.  I will not be returning to this restaurant ever again!!  All diners are forewarned!!
5	we love f&lFood is always fresh and consistsantly good.  Their salsa is the best in Scottsdale.Service is very attentive and price is right.  We always look forward to Frank and Lupe.
1	This place doesn't even deserve 1 star, service is horrible.  Food taste like it came out of a can.  You can find the severs at the bar talking, no managers in site.  Don't bother with this dump, huge let down.  Lazy staff.
1	A very poor excuse for Mexican food.  We arrived at lunch to find the place packed and had a bit of a wait, which despite the run-down lackluster interior, we viewed the popularity as a positive sign that we were in for some great food.  We were finally seated and were provided with food-covered menus and a basket of chips and watery, flavorless salsa.  The waiter finally came over to take our order after a long wait at which time we also requested some silverware and napkins.  After another ten minutes, he finally brought us some water and some well used silverware rolled in a paper napkin.  One would have thought that with salsa so watery, they would have provided us with some plates to prevent dripping all over the table, but the overall lack of cleanliness of the place seemed to suggest otherwise.  The chips themselves were greasy and bland and we only consumed some of them because we were both famished.After another lengthy wait, my veggie burrito finally arrived. I only managed to get through a few bites of this greasy, flavorless disaster before calling it quits and heading back to the office still hungry.  The burrito consisted of nothing more than soggy, overly greasy, limp, overcooked vegetables, of which spinach was the predominant variety.  There was no flavor to any of it or any spice, sauce, etc. that would give one the impression of eating Mexican food.  I have absolutely no idea why people would flock to this place.  The atmosphere is that of a dirty cafe with tables packed on top of each other and the food is beyond horrible.  While I avoid fast food at all costs, I can honestly say that I would eat at Taco Bell before ever coming back to Frank & Lupe's.
5	Loved the patio area. Great margaritas.
1	The Service was horrible. The Kids said the steak was tough! They charged for chip refills!! which is terrible enough andThey never told us in advance.  Really disappointing. Did I mention the service was horrible. And they weren't even that busy. Never brought drinks needed to remind them four times for silverware ? Ridiculous
4	Frank & Lupe's is a typical, no-frills Mexican food joint. Sometimes it's very, very crowded, and being a small place it can be kind of frustrating. Having said that,  I think it says something that people will repeatedly wait to eat here. I have never been disappointed. I usually get the fish tacos which are served with soft tortillas and you can substitute blue corn for no charge. Their chips and salsa are slightly addictive. Rather than serving regular chips, Frank & Lupe serves fried tortilla chips which have an amazing crunch. Yes, their salsa is a little watery, but it's not short on spice or flavor. They offer you one basket on the house and then additional baskets are a couple bucks. Service tends to be adequate. I find I get my food and drinks within a reasonable amount of time. Small-sized house margaritas are $5.50 and provide a nice kick. I also like sitting on the patio--which oddly enough has windows--but you can feel like you're outside but enjoy the AC. No complaints on a 110 degree day!
4	this place is cute and quaint and you forget that the menu items are numbered. we've been here a half-dozen times and their food never disappoints. normally we have the fish tacos or vegetarian burrito. both very tasty and very satisfying. house margs are 5.50 for a small and more for a large .the menu is pretty extensive and you can get pretty much whatever mexican food your're in the mood for.plus, it's so close to us!
1	Very bad food. Everything tasted really salty. The ambience is ok. Mom and pop'ish but food was not good. They even messed up the guacamole
4	The first time I was invited to Frank & Lupe's with some friends, it was a last-minute invitation and subsequently I was unable to arrive exactly at the time of their reservation. I was literally on my way! The restaurant didn't care - they have a policy that refuses to seat incomplete parties. On a subsequent visit, I realized why (and I definitely don't hold a grudge about my first experience). This place is popular, and always seems to have a long waiting list. I'd be upset if they sat incomplete parties in front of me too. I can't be a hypocrite! Pitchers of margaritas, average chips/salsa, and impressive dinner combination platters. I've only sat on the patio, and I never intend to sit inside. One of the main reasons I enjoy F&L's is the atmosphere of that patio. It truly is secluded and you can easily forget you are in Scottsdale. If you are a fan of Mexican food/atmosphere, you'll love this spot. Skip the chains like Macayo's - and head straight to Frank & Lupe's... Just make sure you have a complete party!
1	Salsa was ok but the eggs were awful how does this place stay open? Its disgusting food... They served us huevos rancheros with burnt fries dried up cheese. The best way to judge mexican food is by the beans...they were awful. The cocinero was horrible   ....I had to quit writing this because I was sick for a few hours ...
2	Marginal at best. I expected great things based on the Yelp reviews and from asking locals.  What a disappointment.  I was not turned off by the dated decor; it's rather charming in its own funky way.  Besides, you get some of the best Mexican food at the no-frills places.  However, this food was sub par.  The salsa was watery and I could have made the enchiladas much better myself.  Also, I was less than impressed with my margaritas.  I tried two different varieties to be sure :) but that was a waste.  Absolutely nothing stood out about this place.  Where, oh where is the great Mexican food in Phoenix/Scottsdale?
3	I ate at Frank and Lupe's with a friend on July 30, 2011. The service staff was friendly but not very attentive as they were packed. The food came out and was piping hot and fresh. I had the Nachos Supreme and my friend had the chicken chimichanga with rice and beans. The Nachos were pretty good but the pico de gallo is full of kick. If you do not like super spicey foods. I advise avoiding the pico de gallo here as it does have a solid bite. I tried my friend's chicken chimichanga which was very good. The cook chicken with onions, tomatoes, and bell peppers. We got luck and did not have to wait for a table when we arrived at 6:30. However, people arrived after us and were told the wait was 15-20 minutes or you can go around the back and eat outside on the large patio. In Arizona in the summer not the best place you want to eat and enjoy your dinner especially if you work outside like me!
4	In an expensive chi-chi district but has that neighborhood family restaurant feel. The casual outdoor seating with misters makes for a pleasant evening. Great big margaritas. Good service and nobody rushes you  Food is midrange ok, somewhat Americanized & not very spicy but solid selection.
1	in the order i noticed things:1.dirty, sticky wall2. large amount of ants crawling around the floor3. my carne asada tasted like hamburger meat4. FRESH lipstick on my cupI wish i could have noticed our waiter, but he was never anywhere to be found. NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
2	My friend was in town helping her sister get settled at ASU and they were in the mood for some close to authentic Mexican food. It's kind of a hidden gem, I've passed by this place tons of times while in the area and never even noticed it. I joined everyone on the patio and we immediately ordered a round of margaritas. They had the misters and the fans going so surprisingly it was bearable on the patio. I loved the ambiance of the patio, it's not super chic or anything but it's comfortable and makes you feel like you're on vacay somewhere near a beach :-) The margaritas were tasty but this is where it started to go downhill for me...the service here is terrible, awful, slow, confusing, and a whole bunch of other words I'm not going to list. After we got our margs we sat with our menus in hand for a good 20 min! We didn't notice at first because we were chatting but after a while we were out of chips and salsa and noticed no one had come over to take our order. After we flagged down a server he took our orders, we asked for a refill on the chips and and salsa and water while we waited for our entrees and of course that never made it to our table. As we looked over to the bar area we noticed the servers and bartenders and servers chatting it up and watching the game, UNACCEPTABLE. Our food came out surprisingly fast! I ordered the shrimp enchiladas with half red and half greens sauce, it came with the standard rice and black beans. It was pretty yummy the sauces had a kick to them and mixed well with the cheeses. If I wasn't having such a great time with my friends I would have definitely asked to speak to a manger. I wanted to give this place at least 3 stars but the bad service completely overshadowed my experience at this restaurant.
4	This is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants and miss it dearly. When we lived in Scottsdale, we would go there at least once a week. The food is excellent, a quite location. My favorite are the sopapillas! They are a pillow of goodness that only gets better with honey.
2	It's not my fave, but it's not awful.  A couple friends drug me here earlier today... I was wanting basic tacos and/or light apps and good margaritas, like what you'd find on a happy hour menu, but the girlfriend wanted "good mexican food" and didn't want to try a new spot fearing she might be left disappointed. They (she and her man) advised me if I hadn't had the cheese crisp and F & L's, i hadn't yet lived. A cheese crisp was ordered and they were correct in that it is not the crappy thin tortilla with burnt cheese that i've seen in other establishments. Its almost a crust and there is a nice amount of cheese, with a lil pico, shredded lettuce and sour cream to accompany. It was fairly spicy and tasted like jalapenos had been rubbed all over it, but it was a good spicy.  Much to my dismay, there was no happy hour on the weekend.  =/  I ordered a large house margarita. It wasn't great. I looooove margaritas and this one leaves you wanting to go somewhere for a good house margarita (like Cien Agave?)  For food, i had the chicken chimichanga with both red and green sauces (no fancy taco creations here folks, just traditional mexican food.) Red is spicy! Green is almost flavorless in comparison. The rice was decent and the beans were really good. They were the one thing I finished on my plate! I should also give props to the server as he was prompt and attentive!F & L's is decent, but not my cup of tea. I'll stick to the taquerias from now on!
5	Frank & Lupe's is a family favorite and has now become my boyfriend and my go to Mexican restaurant when the craving strikes. The atmosphere is really charming and the waitstaff are really friendly. The salsa here is awesome! And the chips are homemade- definitely a treat. We're huge fans of the fish tacos and the creamy chicken enchiladas.
5	Best New Mexican in Arizona...easily.
3	I was sooooo excited to see the stuffed sopapillas on the menu!  I can't find them anywhere.   Alas,  they weren't what I was expecting.  The sopapillas where small and flattened (a little like tortillas).  The beef and red chili was placed on top ( not stuffed).  The dish was tasty but disappointing.  At least the beer specials are good.  Of all the Mexican food places I've been to in the neighborhood so far...this one is the best.
3	Chile rellenos this time, which were great, but the sopapillas were stale.  decent chips and salsa.
4	Very good Mexican food. I recommend their Chimichanga. The only gripe I have with the restaurant is that their menu seems to be rather limited to enchiladas, burritos, fajitas and tacos. The patio is an authentic experience. I strongly recommend visiting Frank & Lupe's in Old Town.
2	Stopped in yesterday for lunch.  1st time there.  Chips and salsa fantastic but thats where the postives stopped.  Proabably the worst chicken fajitas I have ever had.  Chicken tasted parboiled.  Very, very bland.  My lunch guest ordered a chicken tostada and had the same complaint.  Service was a 4 on a scale of 1 to 10 as well.
4	I have traveled to the Phoenix area twice in the last couple of years and made it to Frank and Lupe's each time.  During my first visit, someone at a local jewelry store recommended this restaurant to me and decided to give it a go. The food was delicious and the service was prompt.  The fajitas were really good and the salsa was addicting.
4	I've been to Frank & Lupes more times then I can count because of its close location and great food. Everything I've tried has been delicious especially the enchiladas and shredded beef tacos. Margaritas are nice and tasty too. Chips and Salsa are addictive but only the first bowl is free. Refills are $2. (Always get them on the come back...) The service however is lacking. More then one occasion, I would have to flag down a waiter for water, refills and even the bill. Sitting in the dining room versus the covered patio makes no difference in service. I have never been to the patio area out back. But if you are in the mood for good Mexican food and you are not in a hurry, this is a good place. (I have to disclose that I have only been here on Friday nights where service is extremely slow. I recently stopped by early Saturday Night and the service was attentive! So maybe it's just the staff on weeknights.)
5	I have been looking for authentic New Mexican food for sometime and finally found it. All homemade and tasted great, I will be back.
1	Just called at 9:45 to ask when they were open until. Woman said they were already closed but website says open until 10 pm. Really?? Obviously don't care about patronage...mexican is a dime a dozen in the new NEW Mexico...no thanks. Next!
2	Live and learn. Live and learn. Average at best. Poor service, they pass off messiness and dirty as authentic. Sopapillas or however you spell it were delicious other than that it was bad service and below average flavors. Oh and did I mention messy and dirty? Thank god I was with good company when I ate there.
4	Solid old school Mexican food that gets the honorary "TeePee" half star upgrade due to its historical value to the community.  Unlike several other reviewers I've never experienced bad service.  The food is solid and the sopapillas make my "best of valley" dessert list.
1	Ordered a large margarita, which was okay, nothing phenomenal.Shrimp enchiladas was not up to par. The enchilada sauces came on the side and didn't taste yummy.Chicken tacos had bland chicken and came on crunchy shells, which was unexpected. Rice and beans that came with both meals were disgusting. Things that come out of a can tastes better.Chips & salsa only free the first round. The chips were good, but salsa was probably one of the worst I've had at an "authentic" mexican restaurant, so i'm really not sure why they are so stingy with it.Service: the place was full, but in the 15 minutes that we stood inside when NOBODY acknowledged us, 3 tables were cleared. Only when a family of 8 walked in and crowded the whole place and they were FORCED to talk to us did we get seated. The waitress at the end also tried to overcharge us. I left her an awful tip. Here's another tip: make your food better, and have better service, and stop trying to rip off your patrons!
4	Not a lot of decent choices for Mexican in Old Town anymore, but this was really good. Nice patio area, not too loud or pretentious, good vibe.I ordered a house margarita, which can be chancy, but it was actually quite good. Margarita came in a big fish bowl, not some little 2 sip glass. Chips and salsa were tasty also.I got the chicken tacos (hardshell of course) and they were very good - shell had good flavor, chicken was grilled, not pulled, and the blend of ingredients was just right. Overall, good choice for Mexican in Old Town and would return.
5	best Mexican food in town...hands down.  I love the enchilada plates (under Frank or Lupe) the sopapillas are so good it should be illegal.  The salsa is so good I want to drink it.  This is authentic Mexican food so if you are Americanized in your taste stick to Manuel's.  But if you are from the MidWest/Pacific NW/East Coast and don't have access to this fare, you should definitely come here!
4	Just moved here from New Mexico, great margaritas and food!  Loved it!
4	I have dreams about their poblano enchiladas. (Why do I love food so much?) (Seriously, send help.)The food tastes like your Nana made it with love ... if you had a Nana. I have a grandma ... she makes Swedish meatballs. Anyway. If she did make enchiladas drenched in a creamy poblano sauce, she would make them like Frank & Lupe's makes them. It's even better when enjoyed on the patio.
1	5 of us ate lunch there yesterday.  3 had burritos.  2 didn't.  The the three that had the burritos have been so sick all day today!!!  Vomiting, diarrhea, chills, aches.  Unreal.  My husband is a doctor and he reported this to the health department but they said they have to wait until more people report a problem!  We called the restaurant and they didn't seem to care.  My two sons and daughter in law are all still sick.  They didn't eat anything but ice cream after the lunch and one son didn't even eat that.  So it had to be Frank & Lupe's.  I am so upset.  We drove home to CA with one son who was so sick in the car.  The sick ones are young healthy people.  Sure hope no children or old people eat there until they solve this problem!!!!!!
3	Nice patio, very charming.Food was great! Service not so much.Staff wasn't very friendly, didn't ask us if we wanted water, actually sat quite a while before getting a waiter.  No chip refill, actually he never asked or checked on us.Maybe try a dinner in the front of the restaurant.
4	Our first time here after a long but great day at the ball park.  A little bit of a wait since the patio was closed for a private party.  Totally worth the wait.  We were seated in the bar area and were warned it would be tight.  Chips and not-salsa-but sauce were darn good.  Margaritas awfully tasty.  He had the #5 3 shredded beef enchiladas and I had the #26 3 fish enchiladas. Very, very good.  We liked it not just for what it is but also because of what it isn't.  Is great food with authentic taste; isn't food slathered in sauce & cheese.
4	Although I can never have more than one mojito because they always seem to run out of rum or mint, the food is absolutely amazing.  My favorite are the carne asada tacos.  Ive been living in the valley for almost five years and I finally found my go to Mexican restaurant when I want a fix.   The outdoor patio is definitely the place to sit.. And they do get packed!
2	The only thing that must keep this place alive is a great outdoor patio and good location. The service is awful, as in it's painfully obvious the management has no commitment to serving the customer. Sat down on a less than busy Sunday evening, and waited 15 minutes before drink orders were taken. After emptying the first glass the food arrived, and the drinks were not refilled until 3/4 of the way through the meal. What server doesn't check in on drinks, especially when the food arrives? I also had to go to the bar to get my silverware. The food is at the lower end of the spectrum on quality, considering the multitude of options.  I was angry when I paid the bill, and wish I had picked someplace else. With a lot of options, this place is a no go. Take Filberto's to the park, and the squirrels will likely service you better. Win -win. Plus, don't order an extra basket of chips, that will cost you. WTF.
2	My experience was a mix of what others have said. I went at around 0730 and there were several open tables, I was greeted quickly and seated. The service was fast and friendly, I ordered the combo plate and was surprised how quickly it came out. Unfortunately the food itself wasn't very good. The taco's ground beef was too salty (and I generally like salty), the rest of the food was fairly bland and only luke warm to boot- the plate was hot, just not the food on it. After the food was delivered the service also disappeared, no refills or offers the entire time there.Food- 2 starsService- 4 when seated, 1 after- so strangeAtmosphere- 3 starsValue- 2 stars
4	Loved it!  Authentic Mexican, quick prompt service, the mole was delicious, great price points.  Will visit it the next time I fly into Phoenix!
3	The stars I'm giving this place are for the food only. The chips and salsa were okay. I had their chicken poblano enchiladas and they were really ,really tasty. I went with my dad for his birthday because this is one of his favorite places to eat. I enjoyed the patio atmosphere also and hope the next time I'm in Arizona to eat here again. The only problem I have with  the place is that the service was awful. Seriously, the worst. I would give the service 1 star or LESS .The waiter acted as though he was distracted the whole time. He never re-filled our chips. It took over 20 minutes to bring us our drink order (diet soda and ice tea) and we never got re-fills on our drinks either. He barely made contact with us to take our order. Thankfully I didn't have any questions for him because I'm not sure he would have stopped to answer them if I had. They were busy but only with a Sunday crowd. We didn't go on a weekend night when I expect delays and distracted waiters. This was at 5:00 on a Sunday. Thankfully their food is good and the atmosphere is nice because otherwise I wouldn't recommend this place based on service alone.I just saw on some other yelper's review that chips and salsa are only free the first round. REALLY?  Maybe I won't be back.
4	Probably one of the better chimichanga I've eaten.  On top of its decent size, it was packed full of beef!  I definitely got my money's worth with this item.Although we got lucky, I can imagine the wait to eat here being extremely long.  The restaurant is pretty tiny and parking is kind of tough in the area.
2	Dropped in on a Saturday night and ate indoors.  I understand when people say about getting a table,  but I am used to this service at Asian places.  I just flagged down the first person I saw and asked where I could sit.  There have been lots of reviews on what the restaurant looks like, so I'm going straight to the food.We ordered the chimichangas and enchiladas.  The salsa that came with the chips was okay.  It could've used some cilantro to brighten it up.  The two entrees was nothing special.  Rice was a little dry, beans okay.  The chimi had a lot of beef in it, but the sauce was not that great.  The enchiladas were flimsy and drenched in this forgettable poblano cream sauce.I thought the food was.. well like the rating says meh.  I wouldn't recommend anyone going there if they have a kick for Mexican food.  There are plenty of other places around that taste better.  For upscale, I'd try Spotted Donkey or Mission.  For something a little more relaxed, just take scottsdale south, and there'll be Los Sombreros on the right side.
1	So, I struggled with how to handle my emotions and how to best communicate my experience.  Let's begin with the positives.  It was a Friday night (April 6th), Mom was in town for the weekend and wanted to take her to a good Mexican place I had been to many time in the past.  Waited 30 minutes, but no big deal as we started on a pitcher of margaritas.  An interesting note to begin with is the bar setup.  They have decided to save 1/4 of the total bar space as a server prep station.  When we started to drift over the tape line into this section on the bar we were shooed by one of the bus staff, pretty rude IMO, but made me wonder.  Why the hell would you steal precious bar space to have silver, napkins and pitchers of water a place to sit.  There are many other spots that could have been created for this purpose.On to the meal, as always love the options presented and tried a new dish with an egg on top.  Love eggs with my meal.  My mom got fajitas and loved them as well. Finishing off the meal and the original pitcher was quite a challenge as the portions are very healthy.  The margarita was the house variety and not that flavorful, pretty much watered down.  That's when the rating hit the floor.Upon finishing my margarita, I set my glass down and notice something in my glass. Whoa, that's a roach!  Not sure exactly how it got there, whether it  was in the pitcher of margarita or in my glass the whole time, but either way, completely disgusted.   At this point all the food was gone, and so was the roach margarita, so what to do.  Well since I really value yelp reviews and this is not something I caught at the beginning of the meal I decided to hold my thoughts for this review. No getting free meals, or making a scene, because honestly the food was good and I don't like getting stared at as I explain the circumstances.  So for everyone to see as proof, I'm going to attempt to upload the photo from that night.  If a roach got into my glass I wonder what else roaches have gotten into at this restaurant.  Let's just leave it at I won't be going back.
4	I love the patio and the ambiance,
4	I'm from Texas, where we know mexican food. Frank and Lupe's has the BEST and closest thing to real mexican food I can find in the valley area. The only downfall I can say about them is the service is hit or miss. When we have the server "rick" take care of us the service is great. However, anyone else I feel doesn't really care that you're there. The enchiladas with green sauce are absolutely incredible. They have the BEST chips and salsa that the valley has to offer. I could go there every day for chips and salsa. So if you're looking for great mexican food than come here. If you're looking for great service, I may skip out unless Rick is there.
4	Best Mexican food we tried on our trip to Phoenix.   Blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent.  Chili rellenos were fine but a little greasy.  Salsa and chips were the best part. Lots of complaints about the service on yelp but we were treated very well
2	I ordered the spicy shrimp whichis noted as very spicy.  It was so NOT spicy and NOT flavorful.  However I had a nice time inspite of the food.....
2	I don't think that we will be back. The chips and salsa were good but that's about it. My chicken enchiladas had the chicken on top of the rolled tortilla with cheese. That just seems plain lazy to me. I was really hoping that it would be better.
4	This is a solid Mexican food restaurant in Old Town Scottsdale. Frank and Lupes is traditional, and a little off the beaten path of other "mexican restaurants" in the area. The food IS top notch. I have taken family members there many times and introduced them to the restaurant, everyone is always pleased. When the weather is nice, the back patio is an ideal place to sit. Their margaritas are great!
2	We were looking for some great Mexican Food in old town and certainly didn't find it here.  The food was below average which was very disappointing.  The place looked like it was going to be great according to photos on the wall even Bobby Flay has met the owner I just hope he didn't taste the food.  The restrooms were located outside around the back of the building which sucked because our children had to go so that took considerable extra time.  The service was less than impressive as we had to beg for drink refills and table service.  They also forgot our desert.  Just an all around lame experience.
2	While reports from the table on the tamales and the poblano cream chicken enchiladas were good, the enchiladas were rated just ok, the chili rellenos were a huge disappointment. Advertised as New Mexico chiles they were no more than your average  anaheim peppers in a pre made coating that was flat and tasteless. When you expect the 7 to 8 inch spicy New Mexico pepper and you get a 4 inch anaheim you really don't want to return. We won't be back.
1	If you like getting food poisoning go here. DIRTY ! DIRTY ! DIRTY !  I should mail this place my hospital bill. Thought I was going to die after eating at the Sh*t Hole.
3	I've been wanting to write this review for a long time. Every experience at Frank and Lupe's is pretty much the same so I think I can sum this up quickly.Service: friendly but VERY SLOW, I wouldn't recommend coming here if you have somewhere to be after dinner. Slow to seat you, slow to serve you, slow to pick up your check.Food: I love the chips and salsa. The mole here is incredible!! The shrimp fajitas are good too, but inconsistent. And, I had a bite of my friends poblano cream chicken enchiladas -- the sauce was delicious but the chicken was bland. If you are looking for a good taco plate or enchilada with rice and beans...move along because the rest of the menu is bland-to-mediocre at very best. The last time I was there the beans were undercooked and the rice was flavorless. MOLE OR BUST! It might be the only thing worth coming for. Summary: The mole alone would get 5 stars but I realize it's not for everyone. Thumbs down for the service and the remainder of the menu (for the most part).
4	the 4 stars are for the beautiful patio, excellent service, and great chips and salsa.  the food is good...not great, but overall a very nice dining experience every time.  o
5	Big stars for Frank and Lupe not banning me for life. After knocking not one but three drinks on the ground, all three producing shards of broken Negro Modelo glass, one would think they'd send a goon squad over to whisk my Winter Beer Festival attending ass out the door, throwing me into the street like the town drunk in some old western movie. Nope.What did they do?Instead, they bring me replacement drinks free of charge. Go figure. Like I needed any more beer, right?I suggest ordering the #4 combination dinner. I managed to get a couple bites, (which was pretty damned tasty) but most of it wound up on my white polo shirt.Weird how white attracts large amounts of Mexican food. I looked like an art-deco work in progress. Frank and Lupe, you have a really nice establishment. Your food (what I can remember of it) is tasty, and your servers are super polite, but you really should have banned me for life, or at the very least, called the police on me or something. Anyways, I'm going to do you guys a big favor and self-impose a "Banned-for-life" on me. It's the least I can do to return the favor. BTW, we were both lucky I found your receipt in my cargo shorts this morning, otherwise I'd never know the name of the place to ban myself from.
2	So, this place is just all right. My wife liked the atmosphere, but I found it to be a bit too bar-ish for my taste. The dining room is extremely small, so if you don't want to inadvertently eavesdrop on everybody in there you'd better go elsewhere. Also, the bathroom's "outside and around the corner;" kinda inconvenient.The food's not too bad. The salsa served with the chips is tasty; more savory than most places. Food portions are good, and I was surprised to see my chimichanga overfilled with beef- so it's a reasonable value.Service is "eh." We were acknowledged and all our needs met, but just kinda felt like they could care less if we were there or not.Not really sure why "Old Mexico" is in the title of the restaurant, though; like I said, it's a very bar-ish atmosphere playing mostly modern music and serving the general Mexican bill o' fare.Still looking for the Mexican place that will knock my socks off in the Phoenix area.
3	It's a nice place. I don't think the food is any better than any of the other mexican restaurants in town.  The chips and salsa are ok.  The room that extends off of the main entrance can get pretty hot so make sure you check where the sun is setting before you agree to your seating arrangement.  The back patio is wonderful, especially in the cooler times.  The bathrooms are in the back patio so if you are seated in the restaurant you have to find your way to the bathrooms in the back.  This can be very confusing.
1	The only nice thing is the patio. Staff unfriendly, food terrible. Probably the worst Mexican food I have ever had. Maybe if we had been drinking it would have tasted better.
1	I've reviewed F&L's before - Food's good 4*, portions are a little smaller than you might expect.  I clean my plate every time.  How many Mexican restaurant's can you say that about?I've had bad experiences here TWICE when using internet coupons or certificates.  The 1st time, I was told that the restaurant was no longer accepting that particular certificate.  I had just purchased those coupons about a month before.  Now, I PAID money for those certificates, but, it was a discounted amount, so I sucked it up and threw my two remaining certificates (and money) away.Now, a week ago, I got a notice that a Deal Chicken I had purchased for F&L was expiring.  I buy a lot of online Coupons (Groupon type), and I don't remember what I bought where or if I used it or not.  I checked online, and the coupon site said my certificate was good.  So, we trotted down to Old Town for dinner and when I presented my certificate, they said it had already been used.  Apparently, they log their certificates on paper and DON'T update the websites issuing them.  We were the 3rd table that night trying to redeem a coupon that had been used before.  The manager came over and apologized, but it was really too late.  We had a bad experience for no reason, other than the owner's refusal to log coupons online as used.
4	i like the food here. it is consistent and the staff is always friendly. my first meal out after being away from AZ for 3 months and i was happy!we wanted to sit outside, but the patio was a 15 minute wait, so we went back in and were seated right away. i ordered the shrimp enchiladas with verde sauce. they were filling, especially with a large portion of beans and rice on the side. the water glasses were kept full and my house margarita was very tasty, although maybe too small because i sucked it down in maybe 3 slurps of the straw. our dinner companions ordered the spicy shrimp dish, and although i didn't taste, both said it was "hot and spicy", a description i took in earnest as one of them was mexican. the chips basket was small and not refilled....which is fine i guess because i always get full munching on the chips before my meal, eat my whole meal, then feel uncomfortably bloated afterwards.....discipline be damned. one of my favorite go-to spots in scottsdale.
2	The interesting things about Frank & Lupe's are the name and the decor but other than that nothing else really stood out. Oh except for the chips, great chips, but a restaurant can not only be about chips. The food was mediocre I didn't even finish my enchiladas which is rare for me didn't find it was worth the calories. Might be a cool place for just drinks and app's but certainly not dinner.
4	Part of the initial thrill was beating the rush. However, the waiter's control and pace of service let us savor the balmy November day, and the Mexican eats, on their fun patio. Salsa is unique and has great kick, served with homemade chips. Flautas and tacos were packed with shredded beef and served with perfect beans. Although customers were pouring in for lunch, the waiter never rushed us. WOW.  Margarita menu was reasonable and tempting! Next time....soon.
1	ROACH, ROACH, ROACH.  We dined at Frank and Lupe's on December 1st 2012 and one of the people in our group found a dead roach in their Coke.  He did not notice it until he had 3 refills.  At that point we all wanted to throw up but we could not leave because they demanded we pay for our food.  They manager had to call the owner and he did not seem to care.  The staff was rude the entire time and never said they were sorry for what happened.  They would rather make $40 dollars off of us then take care of the customer.  We were not the first to have this happen there are other review below that had ROACHES in drinks.  Do not eat here it needs to go out of business.  I am calling the department of health today to report this place.  They could have fixed it with service but instead wanted to argue with us and not simply say they were sorry.
3	This place is a solid, good, and rather typical Mexican restaurant:  The margaritas are good, fair priced, and also come in pitchers, the decor is slightly tacky, when you are seated you get fresh chips and salsa, and everybody seems to be on 'island time'.  The one thing that really does it for me at Frank & Lupe's Old Mexico is the patio!  That is why I keep coming back.  I should also mention I think 'Frank and Lupe's' is a cool name and fun to say.  If you are in a hurry don't come here, but if you want to lounge on the patio and have a leisurely lunch with a margarita in Old Town, well then, Frank and Lupe's is your place!
3	This was my second time here and I will say that the first time I went, it was such a great experience. The second time wasn't as good. My friend wanted a good mexican joint to eat with his family after his graduation. We had a large party of about 7 and so we called in advance. The lady on the phone said that they do not take reservations and that you just have to come in and wait. We were ok with until we showed up and then there was a large enough table that was empty that we could sit at; however the lady said that it was reserved and taken. I let her know that we just were told you can't make reservations and that you had to wait. This obviously upset us even more because the table that could have easliy sat our group was empty for at least another 10 minutes. Then 1 person showed up for the table and remained mainly empty for another 15 miutes at least. We were still waiting to be seated 30 minutes later. The food server forgot one of our peoples food and brought it out later. I should also mention that the food took at least 45-60 minutes to get too. They did apologize on that but didn't seem to offer anything in return. Although this place upset myself on my second visit and also upset the other people in the party, I still like the food here. It's a romantic setting (Back patio) and quality and filling food. If I had to rate just the service aspect I would give it 1 star, but since I am taking into consideration the food to go along with my first visit here, I give it 3 STARS. Let's hope that my next visit goes better.
1	Overpriced and overrated. Bathroom situation horrible. It takes at least 10 minutes to walk to the restroom if your seated in the front room and then you gotta get real lucky scoring one of one stall bathrooms to actually do what you gotta do. Moving onto the food, there are no lunch specials available, so you must select off the high priced dinner/lunch menu. Whoever is saying that this salsa is good is clearly off their rocker. It is a watery mess with nothing in the salsa. It is more like a bowl of Frank's red Hot Sauce than a true salsa experience. Chips though were tasty and seemed homemade, but doubt it now. Our lunch choices were the Chicken Mole and one of those tortilla shell salads from the 80's. Her dish was quite standard and I heard no complaints, but my mole had some issues. Smartass waiter said this wasn't a hot item and mole typically isn't, but 1/4 of the way through, this gringo started heavy sweating. Then we have the chicken which did not seem like real chicken. Plus the dish was chicken mole enchiladads, but all they did was give me two cheese enchiladas with some nasty chicken on top and then that horrible mole sauce at a price of almost 12 bucks.    Frank and Lupe's time has come and gone. How bout remodeling your cramped front room and modernizing your bathroom facilities while your at it. Scottsdale garbage.
1	When I first was in this restaurant, I asked the employees what region of Mexico is the food served in the restaurant from. One of the waiters told me, "Mexico". I said I see your food is Mexican. It says that on the door but what region is it from? Oaxaca, Senora, Baja? One of the employees then said it is New Mexican. I asked so is it Americanized Mexican Food? I was then told there is a pepper that only grows in New Mexico that all the food is flavored with. I asked what are the vegetarian entrees. The employee told me she could not remember and left me to read through the menu until I found one. They also had some cookies called bruschettitos. I said to the employee, "I know bruschetta are twice baked cookies. What kind of cookies are these? Mexican wedding cookies?" She said she did not know but she said they are really good with milk or coffee. I ordered a vegetarian burrito which came with a side of beans and rice. I ordered this to go. The burrito is the worst burrito I have ever had. I ate one bite and could not eat any more. I could eat two bites of the rice. Only the pinto beans were good. The employees do not seem to know anything about the food they are serving. Apparently one employee thinks Mexico is a region of Mexico.
3	Very cute place with a great patio, but be warned that the food is really spicy! I enjoy hot food but this was borderline unedible. Margaritas were good and decor is fun and festive. Service was great and exchanged my extra spicy food without issue.
4	Good stuff. I ordered the chilis rellenos. Really good chips and salsa and good food. Service is a little laid back but if you arent in a hurry its very nice to sit on the patio. Great location close to the Scottsdale art walk. Would definitely eat here again.
3	Went here with a large group. Service was very good. Food and drink was really good.
1	Very bad. We had been here maybe 3 years ago and did not remember much.  It is a great location though, & so we went.  We love Mexican food.  We have been to more Mexican places than I can count.  This has to be one of the worst.  When we sat down, seconds later, the waiter asks" ready to order"? No drinks offered, no appetizers offere..  We asked for a margarita.  Small or large?  That was it for choices. So, we went small.  Thank God.  Yucky.  Okay, moving on.. Ordered dinner.  I had a combo plate.  Hubby had a beef burrito.  Very basic.  When in doubt, don't stretch the kitchen.  Both our dinners were bad. Not even warm.  Tasteless, greasy. We had to ask for hot sauce.  The only condiment on the table was salt & pepper.  To top off the nite, hubby needed to use the restroom.  You have to walk outside to get to it? I heard the table next to us commenting on how dirty the restrooms were. All I can say is,save your money.  Go somewhere else.
4	Looking for a very good Mexican Restaurant??....you found it here.  Homemade salsa had the perfect "kick" and the homemade chips were warm and perfectly salted.  We dined in the original "house" which was fun and historic.  So many margaritas to choose from, but we stuck with the original and they were tasty.  Carne adobada was perfectly spiced, service was good, and best part....they had Victoria Beer....great dining experience and great food!
4	It's been around for 30 years-There is a reason. Relaxed and good food that is not expensive. True food from New Mexico.
2	Food does not make up for slow and poor service. Chips/ salsa were average
4	My daughter actually dragged us to this place, that alone was a miracle that she liked a place sooo much to take US there, lol!  The place is nice "mom and pop" feel to it.  When you first walk in, it looks like a little take out place.  Then, you look to your left and you see this adorable patio type dining area. Very pretty old world decor to it.  I felt like I was in Mexico eating.  My son didn't know what to get, so he asked the waiter what he recommended and he told us the #8. So my son ordered it and LOVED it!  The menu isn't huge but there is plenty to choose from.  Salsa was delish!  The only downfall is that if you are planning to go with a larger group, more than maybe 6 people, you might have a problem getting a table.  Definitely worth checking out!
4	Whether you're a local or tourist, you'll find Frank & Lupe's an enjoyable spot for New Mexican food conveniently located in Downtown Scottsdale.I'm from New Mexico, so what I love most about the menu is that they serve sopapillas and stuffed sopapillas, both of which are hard to find beyond NM state lines. If you aren't afraid of a hearty meal, I highly recommend the Frank or Lupe enchilada plate.  The enchilada is crowned with egg - mmm!Last night we had the special: chile relleno with poblano cream sauce.   It was massive, so between that and the complementary chips and salsa, my boyfriend and I had more than enough to eat.  Our server was friendly and efficient.The small storefront facing Marshall Way has limited seating, but if you walk to the back of the parking lot you'll find another building and outdoor patio.  It's a great spot for sipping margaritas after a day of sight-seeing or having drinks and appetizers before a night on the town.  It can accommodate large groups as well.  In the winter they have heat lamps to make temps tolerable.Opinions and styles of Mexican food vary widely in the Valley, but for me Frank & Lupe's is like a reliable old friend from home.
4	This is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants. Although the parking lot is cramped, the location and atmosphere are pleasant enough. My wife and I still love the Patron margaritas (which have become somewhat expensive lately). As noted by another poster, the chips and salsa are average...What keeps me coming back are the chile rellenos. Furthermore, at F & L, they apply just enough, but not too much sauce (your choice, green or red sauce, they're both good). This is not haute quisine... just good, hearty down-home food. We will return...
3	I usually love this place and take all my out of town guests, but on Sunday we were disappointed. We ask for guacamole with our chips and they brought a very small cup of guac and no chips. It literally took an additional 5 minutes to bring out the chips, while we just looked at the guacamole. We got a pitcher of the house margarita and it tasted like mix. I got the combination plate, like i always get and it was not that good. Food was on the colder side and our waiter seemed like he couldnt wait to leave. We asked for to go boxes and he stood over my girlfriends shoulder and shoved it in her face.
5	If your looking for Authentic True Mexican then this is it!  I have tried all the "fancy" places in oldtown, and this place blows them all out of the water!  The food is AMAZING!  Everything is great!  I just moved out of state and crave them on the daily.  everything is so fresh.  The service there is a hit or miss.  I've had both, but honestly the food is outstanding that I don't care!  They could neglect me all they want and I would still bring my whole family there!  Please open a Frank & Lupe's in San Diego!  I miss it terribly.
4	This was my first time at Frank & Lupe's.  I grew up in So. Cal. So I have been in my share of some great Mexican restaurants.The atmosphere is of a charming old style Catina...nothing fancy but very relaxed feel.The four top signs of a good Mexican restaurant are...SalsaChipsBeansRice....they all were great!!!!The plates we ordered had good flavor.  Love to be able to taste fresh spices, onion, and cilantro.  Our server was Michael and he was always there at the right time.It is the kind of place you do not want to be in a big rush to eat.  Sit back and relax on the patio!!!!  I would recommend.
4	While in Scottsdale for the first time today I consulted Yelp for a recommendation on an inexpensive spot for lunch. Frank & Lupe's popped up with three stars and since we wanted Mexican we thought we'd give it a try. What an unexpected surprise since three stars did not do this place justice. The service was friendly and prompt, Miranda was our server. The chips and salsa were excellent. My margarita was perfect, and the chile relleno was yummy and authentic. My friend had the huevos rancheros and said it was as good as "grandma makes". Ask for a side of poblano sauce, it's wonderful on everything they serve. This is definitely a great Scottsdale restaurant.
4	Never been to Scottsdale before and Frank and Lupe's was recommended. We were not disappointed. We sat around back at the Patio. The chips were fresh and the salsa was just right! Our server was attentive and friendly. We will be back!
1	First time, and I was really looking forward eating here. We sat on the patio. Service was extremely slow, appetizers were not even warm. We waited over 30 min for our entrees, and they were not warm at all, but aour server, Adriana was never available to make it right. Will not go back!
2	This place gets 3 stars from most.  2 from me.  Nothing special except the patio atmosphere was nice.  Margarita nothing special but was $9.  Guac had no flavor.  Food average at best.  Service was fast but unfriendly.  Have not been anywhere else for Mexican yet but I hope it can beat this.  In Arizona I hoped to get so really good authentic mexican.  This wasn't  it!
3	Chips & salsa are delicious, e quality of food has gone down here over the past few years.  It's quick cheap Mexican food. Enjoy
4	Great atmosphere on the patio. Servers were friendly and attentive. Food was good! I got the carne adobada plate. It was a  huge portion, plenty of left overs. Would definitely go back!!
3	Food was good but the service...meh. Considering the location (across the street from Eddie Matney's) they really need to step it up.I don't think I need to describe the food as it was all the standard fare you'd get at every other Mexican restaurant in town so I won't detail it. It was flavorful and was served hot though so that's a plus.The service..well, it was just kind of indifferent. Our server didn't greet us, didn't seem interested in serving us, and was about as indifferent as someone can be who is working in the service industry and earns tips. I was rather surprised given that this is Scottsdale and you really do need to work a little to earn a tip. I'll go back because the food was good enough for a second visit so I hope that our visit was a fluke on the service side of things.
4	We go to Frank & Lupe's at least once a month. We always have a great meal. Their chips and salsa are very, very yummy. Margaritas are also very tasty. Service can be a bit slow sometimes, but given how busy they always are, it is understandable. We will always wait for good food. You should too.....
1	The service was horrible, the  food was mediocre.  For a restaurant located in Old Scottsdale I would expect better.  I arrived for my reservations at 6:30 and was told to go to the patio area and seat myself.  Once seated I sat for more than an half an hour before a server asked to take my drink order and I did not see the server again for another 45 minutes.  By the time my order did arrive I had been at the restaurant for almost 2 hours.  I ordered shrimp fajitas and there were no tortillas included!  I had to ask for tortillas, that should come with fajitas, and they took another 10 minutes to arrive.  By the time the tortillas arrived, my food was cold.  Then getting my bill proved just as great of a challenge and after waiting another 30 minutes I had to go to the bar to pay my restaurant bill.  Total time at the restaurant?  Right around 3 hours.  Frank and Lupe's was recommended by my hotel.  When I got back I was sure to let the hotel manager know what a nightmare Frank and Lupe's was and how dining there hijacked my whole evening.  DO NOT GO TO FRANK AND LUPE'S!!!!!!!
1	Awful experience. I was part of a large group of mostly out of town guests. We arranged to visit the night before and were assured they could accommodate the size of our group (35 people).The food was decent but nothing special. The service was HORRIBLE. When a complaint was made to the "manager" the service got even worse. Overall, there are too many other options in Old Scottsdale than to waste your time and money here...
1	Start with filthy, bug infested, slow service.Other than that, really bad food.Have tried it three times and always disappointed.Will never ever go back.would rather eat from a catering truck.
2	I have been here twice.  The food is really good...the service, not so much.  The first time, the waitress was swamped, so we gave her some leeway.  This time, the server looked like he'd rather be anywhere but serving our table.  My friend ordered a drink which he had to remind the server twice to bring.  He rarely came to our table and when we asked him about desserts, he just about rolled his eyes and sighed.But...the part that will cause me to not go back to Frank and Lupes -- There were ants on the rim of my water glass.  Dead, but still ants.  I showed it to the busboy who promptly took it away, but still...ants.While the food is good (the salsa is yummy!), I am disappointed in the service and the cleanliness.
1	Decided to give Frank & Lupe's another shot since we were heading to Brush Bar again for an evening of painting fun. Disappointed doesn't even begin to cut it. The service was indifferent, rude, and was clearly not interested in us just like the previous visit. We were seated right in the main dining room so no matter what our server had to do, he had to walk by us each and every time. He forgot drinks, food was served to us cold, didn't even bring the appetizer we ordered. If he tried any harder to ignore us, it would have been downright funny. The biggest turn off was the glass of water he served to one of my dinner guests which was rimmed with ANTS. It was almost like they dipped the rim of the glass into a whole pile of the dead ants before serving it. How he missed it, I'll never know. It was disgusting. Not an apology. Not a discount offered. Nothing. This was the most piss-poor service I have received in a restaurant in a long time and you can bet your last dime it's the last time Frank & Lupe's will ever see me or the 8 other guests I brought.
2	The food was ok, not great.  The service was indifferent.  Yep, that is my word of the day, indifferent.  Maybe it just was not the servers finest day, but at least pretend like you want to serve your clientele.  Oh, one of our diners had found ants climbing up and down her water glass.  The server replaced it but did not offer anything in the way of "I am sorry about that" or anything...just kind of swooped it away and put a fresh one in it's place.  So ah yeah, maybe that was not so appetizing.
4	Hits the spot as an old school mexican joint.  Check out the back patio.  Chips and salsa, margs, and Frank or Lupe Enchilada plates are solid.  Perfect place for the laid back restaurant goer.
5	WOW......the most authentic Mexican food I have had since eating my mother-in-laws home cooking.....sorry Nellie, Frank and Lupe' is better!A cute charming hole in the wall. If you are looking for upscale or Americanized Mexican food.....do not go here.If you are looking for the BEST authentic home cooked Mexican food, this is the place!Their beans are out of this world, not completely mashed and nicely smokey tasting. Their Spanish rice was the best I have ever tasted, not heavy on the tomato sauce at all but super flavorful. I also had a tamale that was again better than my M-I-L's and up to this point no one could make them as good as she does. The enchilada was good and OH MY the chips and salsa. The chips are thick but very crunchy and the salsa was amazing, not too spicy with a terrific flavor.I have seen reviews about poor service and bugs.....we saw NONE of that and the place was FULL. The prices are also very reasonable. My combination plate that included a chili relleno, taco, tamale, enchilada rice and beans AND two sopapillas was only 13.75 and I had enough to take home for lunch the next day.If you truly know your Mexican food and love home style cooking, this is the place to beat!
4	Great place for authentic Mexican food. Outdoor dining makes for fun atmosphere. Love the fresh salsa. Recommend the chicken fajitas. Tastes homemade not like chain food places.  Only odd thing was Chile relleno with no sauce. Will definitely return when in scottsdale.
2	Never returning again. The service was slow, the food wasn't hot, the drinks seemed watered down. Their food wasn't at all tasty. It seemed as though they didn't marinate their flavors together when it came to food. The place is cute, but the lack of attention from their staff, the subpar drinks and the tasteless food will not make me a regular. I put full bar as an option when prompted but they really don't have a full bar since they only have a few top shelf choices.
1	THEY CHANGED THE SALSA!!! We have been going here for 15+ years and the food has always been consistent. Not any more - we had the worst lunch ever. We think they changed hands with new recipes. I had a taco salad and the onions were really strong. I am going to hate my afternoon when those things kick in. The salsa was terrible. Tasted like it was from a jar.If anyone has experience the same problem, please post your results.Damn dirty shame. WAS on of the best Mexican restaurants in town.Jeff J.
3	I expected much better Mexican food from this place.  It was merely okay.  The salsa did not excite me, and the sauce on my green enchilada was just alright.  The service was rather.....Scottsdale (I was doing the server a favor by eating there).  It was clean and the vibe is fine, but I'm judging it solely on the food, and the plate gave me no yearning to go back again.
4	One of the absolute best Mexican restaurants that I've been to in the U.S. Simply amazing. Very small and quaint atmosphere. The prices were awesome and very affordable. I enjoyed the authentic Mexican beer and their beans and burritos were one of a kind. As soon as you step out of the restaurant you have an awesome view of camelback mountain.
4	This is the place to go if your looking for a good Mexican restaurant in Old Town.  Frank & Lupe's has decent prices (not your typical Scottsdale prices) with very authentic Mexican food. There is also never a true crowd or wait but is always has a constant flow of people but be prepared on a Friday or Saturday night.  The chicken enchiladas with poblano sauce was recommended to me once and I have never looked back, they are always on my order.  My last trip here I tried to beef tacos are are scrumptious, the taco shells are homemade -  yummm! This just brings me to the chips, which are also homemade and usually come to the table either warm or hot.  Salsa is different and adds a little kick.  Always have wanted to try a house margarita, everyone seems to order them so maybe give it a shot!
3	The food tries to be authentic Mexican but falls bland in flavor.  Very average Mexican food.
2	Last night was my first time at Frank and Lupe's. The ambience was nice and outdoor seating was comfortable. I was with a large group (almost 20 of us) and unfortunately the service was not as speedy as we were hoping. Our reservation was for 730 and we had our food by 9 or 915. We had one server taking orders and when food came he had some help but otherwise it was just one person. What such a large group size we understood we would need to wait a little bit, but what was most unfortunate was that the food came out and it was only slightly warm and my order was not as it was described on the menu. I let my server know that I was not as concerned about my order but that he should be more concerned that our guest of honor was clearly not happy. Adding an automatic 20% gratuity for a large group is acceptable in most cases, however, i wasn't happy to pay it, though I did. Despite the cold meals, the only extra that was provided to the group was a free shot for the birthday girl. I gave 2 stars with hopes that it was just a fluke. I would try this place again, though only with a small group.
4	We found this place from a recommendation from a friend. It is a gem and we love the outdoor patio. Great skinny margarita and excellent poblano enchiladaNo overly priced and great service
3	This was my first time coming to Frank and Lupe's.  We were a part of a big birthday party about 15 of us.  We sat on the patio, it was a beautiful night to do so.  The menu was huge. I had the chicken chimi (ever known me to turn down a chimi?) which was huge had to take the leftovers home.  I wish I had room left to get my favorite dessert, sopapillas!  Someone at our table ordered it, it looked great. I thought the food was good, reasonably priced and thought the margaritas were great.  The parking is horrible for going on a Friday or Saturday, wish the parking lot was for F & L customers only. I had to drive around and found one parking space over by Herb Box, that's too far away. Fortunately, a friend called me and said there was one space open.  I would not recommend going to this place with a big party.  About 4 of the people in our party didn't get their food.  They got their drinks and I thought the server should have given them something to eat to soak up all the drinks they had.  Not sure if they had drinks before but they seemed like they had been over served. I would go back but not with a big group.
5	This is my favorite authentic Mexican food in Old Town.  The shredded beef in any dish is spiced well and melts in your mouth!  Their refried pinto beans have plenty of partial beans in the mix so it's not just liquid beans like most restaurants.  Hard tacos and soft are equally delicious!  The guacamole is fresh, hand made.  They recently started serving La Victoria beer-amazing and made by the same company as Pacifico!  The only negative I have is that they recently changed their rice!  It was a bright yellow, traditional Mexican style.  Now the rice is a bland, watery type (A friend told me it's now a Puerto Rican style).  The back outdoor patio is very clean and decorated well-a couple of TVs show sports.  I'm very surprised the Yelp ranking is overall just a 3.  I've been eating in Old Town for 14 years and this is the first place I tell my friends to go for great Mexican food!
5	Best chile in town ,the most amazing poblano dish in the  southwest.
2	My birthday dinner was pretty much dissed by the servers here. I made reservations a week before but most everything was messed up and they didn't care. They had one server for THE WHOLE PATIO. We even had to ask for menus, waters, and chips since we weren't talked to until 20 mins after getting there. Half of the group didn't get their food and mine came out cold. The only thing that they did right was give me a birthday shot and I can't resist their Mole sauce (reason for the extra star). We were stuck there for over 3 1/2 hours due to the lack of good service. Go here if you have nothing else to do during the night since the servers do not care about you or your time at all.
3	I like this little restaurant. The food is affordable, the waiter was funny and very friendly, and they appeared to have a cute back patio with misters for those hotter days. The food was fine, but the most memorable part was the service! Also the cheesy rice and beans on the side and the salsa are very good!
4	Normally I like to order an item from a menu without making many changes to the dish - especially if I have not had it before. I like to try it as the chef intended. In this case I decided to add their mole sauce to my dish that was not supposed to come with it.  I was glad I did - the mole made the dish. It was great, and everything tasted fresh and homemade. What made my meal was the skinny margarita I had.  I never had a "skinny" margarita but I generally don't like how sweet regular margs are, so I gave it a try. It was amazing, and I have not had a better one since.  It was very expensive - so after I saw the price on the bill I was a bit shocked, but it was worth it.  It was quite strong too.
3	I would like to give this place more stars bc the food was actually pretty good but there were def a few dings and one big negative for me. Like most everyone, if agree that service was pretty slow. Not as bad as some people but considering the number of staff I saw and the small place, not the most efficient. I ordered Franks Enchilada plate. Basically like a Mexican lasagna. Tortilla layered with beans, meat, sauce and then repeated two more times topped by a sunny side egg. Hence the warning about eating undercooked food next to it. On the menu I noticed meat was $2 extra so since it was already $10 I decided to go lite. When the waiter took my order, he asked if I wanted chicken or beef like it came with it and I just had to choose. Not "did I want to add it to my meal". Figuring I read the menu wrong I choose chicken. When the bill came, I saw that $2 charge. The waiter was nice enough but that left a bad taste in my mouth. As for the entree it was good though. The sopapillas that it comes with I thought were pretty lacking. It's flat pieces of dough that are fried. Normally fried anything is good but this was meh. I agree with one yelper, it should come out after the meal, not during.  And it should come out hot. It was cold fried dough served with bottle of honey. I would have normally rated this place with 2 stars bc of the not so honestness of the waiter but the 3rd star goes out to the bus woman who I think worked the hardest at customer service there. She was pleasant and helpful when we needed here. Since we didnt see our waiter that often, she made a difference. She's the one who took care of us better. Props to her!
4	Service is relaxed and reasonable for the atmosphere.  I came in for lunch with a co-worker.  Our waiter was attentive and we were ready to order so we made his job easy.  Chips and Salsa is awesome!  Best chips and salsa I've ever had haha which says a lot in old town!  Mini Taco's as an appetizer wasn't that great of a choice. That was their only flaw.
2	Nice ambiance in the patio area behind, but the food is mediocre at best. Soggy and bland tacos. Very slow service and a bit uptight as well, like not enough help.
5	This does the job when I need a fix of New Mexico red chile sauce!The #14 combo and add a relleno!That's all I'm going to say...make sure you get an egg on top so it's authentic! ;-)
5	I love Frank and Lupe's!  They have a great patio!  Excellent food selections and helpful staff.  The spices and combinations have a very southwestern or New Mexican fee.   I have been here many times and have not had a bad meal.  Very reasonable prices as well!
2	I think that Frank and Lupe's must have had an off night when we got there... It started with a margarita and when they delivered it there was lipstick on a dirty glass.  I asked for another and when they made it I could see they just poured the old marg into a new glass.  I'm not picky, but thats just a tad bit unprofessional.  The chips and salsa were great and my food tasted really good.So why the bad review?  Food Poisoning...  The next 24 hours of my life after visiting Frank and Lupe's was horrendous.  I don't want to disparage a local business but after the experience with the margarita and my time in the emergency room, I can say I will never go back.  I suggest the owners of Frank and Lupe's do a top to bottom inspection of their kitchen as I got really, really sick.  I looked up the last inspection of the restaurant and it confirms some of why this may have happened:http://www.maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/tabs/results.aspx?navigatedFrom=inspectionResultsDrillDownAA&permit=FD-03075&business=&address=&insp_id=3430554
5	Best Mexican food in old town for sure. Loves this place and the authenticity. Felt like I was on vacation!
4	Love this place for Mexican food and margaritas.  My fave is their fish tacos, but all their food is good.  Prefer their outdoor patio area to the inside restaurant.
4	Small authentic Mexican restaurant nestled in old town Scottsdale. We sat on the hidden outdoor patio that offers plenty of shade from the merciless Arizona sun.  We arrived around 1130 and the patio was wide open but by noon all the tables were filled with locals and tourists alike.Prices are very reasonable, around 8-10 bucks each and we enjoyed a couple of great margaritas in the warm Arizona sunshine.  The chicken tacos were good, but the standout was the soft chicken tacos covered in poblano cream sauce - unbelievably good.  We also liked their chips and salsa.Service was a bit uneven but we didn't mind, it was great to escape the winter and just bathe in the warmth.
5	My favorite Mexican place in Scottsdale. Never disliked my food or had poor service.
5	Went here after baseball game and was blown away by the great food, good prices, and amazing environment. A must go
5	This place deserves more than 3.5 stars! I was pleasantly surprised! Very good food and great atmosphere!
4	Where do the locals go to eat Mexican? The same place we send the tourist to! SmilzFrank and Lupes is authentic Mexican food.There outdoor dining area is the preferred seating The Margaritas are a "must have" The Mole is absolutely delightful! Not too spicy -- but so very flavorful!
2	I wanted to love this place, I really did. It's cute and the food smelled really good. Unfortunately my take - out order really didn't hit the mark. My coworkers and I ordered a bunch of stuff to go. I had the shredded beef burrito and a cheese crisp. The burrito was in an extremely soggy tortilla. Like soggy to the point of being inedible mush. The beef is riddled with onions and tomatoes. The cheese crisp was buried under a huge pile of onions and tomatoes. The biggest upset was our takeout order did not come with chips. We were told we had to purchase those separately. Yet if you sit down in the restaurant and order the exact same food at the exact same price chips are included. Why is that? I really don't get it. Overall, really disappointing. I can't imagine the need to return here.
5	The best Mexican food in town , they have the best and the most cleanest Mexican restaurant that I have ever seen , the food was amazing and delicious , the price was affordable and indeed this is the best
1	Wow...truly awful service & food...went around 3PM place was not busy yet service was really poor...Margarita too sweet...Michelada was off-tasting as well.  Nothing remotely authentic about food & really poor example of the great Mexican food we have in the Valley!
1	I don't see how this place was so busy.  The seating arrangement is strange, the service is bad, and the food is terrible!I came with my husband and 2 year old son.  There is seating in the front of the restaurant where it was hot and humid, and there was seating in the patio.  We decided to sit in the patio are where we were seated by a lady who looked like she hated her job. She seated us, and didn't bring a child's seat for my son.  So, I went to ask her for one.  She rudely told me to give her a minute.  Any time we needed anything, we had to come up to her.  Our visit was nearly 2 hours and she probably checked on us two maybe three times the entire time.  I understand she has a job to do, but being disgruntled with paying customers is inexcusable. We ordered our food, which took quite a while to come out, and when it finally did, my food was wrong.  I sent it back.  By the time the right food came out, my son and husband had already almost finished their meal.  I didn't want them to wait on me to eat because who knew how long it was going to take for the food to come out again.We ordered chile rellenos, mini tacos, and carnitas  enchiladas with green sauce.  This place claims to be like "Old Mexico", and the food was by far the furthest from authentic Mexican food. The mini tacos were some frozen store bought "Jose Ole" mini tacos that were fried and served with guac and salsa.  The chile rellenos were made with CHEDDAR cheese.  That is NOT the way we know them to be made.  And the enchiladas were salty beyond belief, and the just plopped the carnitas on top of a cheese enchilada with the weirdest tasting green sauce ever.  They're stingy with their chips while you wait, and super skimp with their sides.  My husband didn't even get nearly a quarter cup of sides. This place is ridiculous, and is nothing like "Old Mexico", or authentic in anyway.  My husband is Mexican and I have had my fair share of authentic Mexican food, and this place definitely DOES NOT have it.
5	Had a wonderful lunch with good friends today. The staff was courteous and the food was fantastic.  The poblano cream chicken enchiladas were outstanding. Thank you!
5	It's not often when I'm impressed by a Mexican restaurant, but this place blew me away. It's honestly the best mexican food I have ever eaten.  Their "holy mole" is to die for. Service is slow, but super friendly.
2	Sat down and told the waiter we were only here for one shot. Was here for 40 minutes and the shot was half of a real one and in a cup
1	I refuse to give this place another chance. We have been coming her for several years and its gotten worse each time. I had the fish tacos and they were horrible. Soggy and too much cheese. My hubby had the fajita burrito.  That was weak as well. Service was horrible.  We had to go find our waiter who was at the bar reading a magazine. With all there is to eat in Scottsdale,  I can't waste another dime here. This makes me sad. I really liked this place.
4	I love this place! I come every time I am in from Seattle. I love the enchiladas with both green and red sauce. Truly fantastic and very authentic!
4	Loved the Enchiladas. So nice of the bartender, Freddy, to make Skinny Margaritas at a busy time. Great service!
4	Delicious fish tacos!!Eating outside is always a plus.Friendly service.  A little slow, though.
5	Great food & great price in Scottsdale's Art district.  Shredded beef chimichangas were spicy and good sized. Chicken enchilada was great and homemade tortilla made it even better !
1	STAY AWAY!!  Don't waste your time or money!!  We had a party of eight.  Hugo was our server. He was not only BAD but REALLY bad. All most to the point of being rude.  We had to keep asking other servers to get him.  We had to ask for plates, silverware, napkins AFTER the appetizers were served!   The food was mediocre to poor!  Our tab was over $200 and the tip was included. That was a good thing because Hugo wouldn't have gotten the 15% he AUTOMATICALLY  received.  Maybe that's why he could have cared less how he treated us.  We were seated on the patio which is very nice; however, the music was so loud, we couldn't talk to the person next to us, let alone the ones at the other end of the table.  We asked three times to have the music turned down.  My thoughts are, they turned it up -- all three times!!   This was suppose to be a birthday celebration for our daughter; it was a birthday disaster!!   This was a party of adults, not children!  STAY AWAY!!
3	Food was delicious! If you are unsure what "authentic" Mexican food is, double check with your server about he plate you are interested in before ordering. Great outdoor patio. Slow service. Great house margarita!
3	Food was fairly decent however there were some things that would make us think twice about coming back.   First, the fact that they charge for extra chips and salsa.  At least they let you know in the menu, however they say the first round is on them.  The first round consisted of two measly trays for 8 people.  Also, the server dropped a place of food on the table accidentally and enchilada sauce ended up in the lap of someone in our group.  They didn't offer to take anything off the bill (didn't even give us our 2nd round of chips for free!).  They were gracious with a couple peoples dislike of the enchilada sauce and were quick to prepare something different.
3	Went to Frank and Lupe's for the first time yesterday with a couple friends of mine the food was really good authentic the service certainly did not exceed my expectations had to ask for things several times like water chips salsa and tortillas restaurant was not busy at all
5	My family has been eating here for 13 years. We come from New Mexico and our Mexican food is different. We love it here...almost like home. The patio is amazing for margaritas any time. They are half priced for happy hour :)
4	The food was pretty good, only small downside was the service, but that's probably because they were pretty steadily busy the entire time. The margaritas were delicious and strong. The dining area is on the small side but really gives the restaurant character. Overall a good experience and we'll be heading back there.
4	My go to spot for steak tacos in old town.  Fresh every time. Comes with only beans which are delicious but I get half rice gotta have em both. When me and my Co workers want Mexican there's no question it's here. Still hot and fresh for takeout as well which is a plus for me. Great crew working there w great authentic Mexican food.
1	Don't bother coming here. Scottsdale has so many other great places to eat. The patio was cute, but the misters were not turned on which became very uncomfortable for a hot Arizona summer night...inside seating is available. The one star was for our service and food quality. Our server forgot to put my order in and got my friends order wrong. Rarely checked in and had to call her over a few times. It was not very busy in her section, so no reason for her to be unattentive. Expensive and not that great. A MEH experience at best for a $70 tab.
1	Stopped at Frank & Lupes 2 weeks ago. Sat outside and they didn't have the musters on which was a bit strange. The margaritas were okay but the beer menu seemed a bit small. Nachos were yummy. But between the 3 orders for dinner, we had issues with all 3. They forgot our order, friend order shredded chicken but they said they didn't have shredded chicken (even though it says it on the menu), and they didn't bring the last persons sopapillas. Definitely would not go back.
5	There is a difference between Mexican food and New Mexican food.  This restaurant satisfies our craving for New Mexican food.  Dining room is a bit loud and cramped but were just there for the food.  Recommend the stacked enchiladas with a fried egg on top (that's  authentic).
5	This so far is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Scottsdale, however, I have only lived here for a couple of weeks. I am a big Mexican food lover, so this met my needs on many levels. The place is rather small, but it gives a more mom and pops, personal feel. The decor is Mexican which gives it a more authentic feel. I loved the salsa. It had a good garlic and spice combination. The food is rather cheap, but tasty. The service is very fast as well. I have yet to try many other Mexican restaurants, but I feel this one will still rank high with me because of the taste, speed, price and casual atmosphere it brings.
4	Good fix for my new mexico style flat enchilada's with an egg on top. Ordered the red with a side of the green sauce to test them both out- both were delicious. The chips are really good but the salsa is really watery, watch out the margaritas are strong! overall very nice, its small and gets packed, dont show up too late for dinner and it can be a bit warm in the small seating area.
5	Been to Scottsdale eight times in the last three years. Happened to come by this place by our car service driver from Brooklyn. He highly recommended it. We tried it the next night and it is without a doubt the best Mexican food we have ever had. The happy hour is incredible, the nachos are amazing. The portions are enormous. The staff very friendly and accommodating and attentive. Incredible little place. Do not miss out.
2	Food is average. Service is poor. Can't make a cheese crisp with green chilies without it being soggy.  Server never once came to check on my or refill my drink. Its been this way the last 3 times I was here. I used to like it.
4	Friendly service, good prices and great food!  What's not to like?
5	It took us 4 months to get around to trying this place...we heard about this place from a colleague and were hesitant because of the lower star rating. We are sad we waited because we love it! We are native New Mexicans and have been very disappointed with the food here. This has become our new go-to Mexican food restaurant, hands down. I, personally, love the Poblano Cream Enchiladas - I'm salivating as I type. We have only eaten in the restaurant and have not been to the patio. We have been for lunch and then around 7 pm and it's been moderately busy and service has been good. Staff is friendly and accommodating. This place is located among a bunch of shops in downtown Scottsdale - so parking is spotty. They have their own lot but it's often full. My only complaint is that the tea isn't so great!Give this place a try!
4	I was in this area due to a business trip. Our cab driver recommended our party of five to one of his favourite authentic Mexican restaurants. ENVIRONMENT: Very cute and quaint and located in oldtown Scottsdale. We got seated in the inside of one of their houses/buildings (Interesting setup). Great for groups. They also have a nice patio. SERVICE: Our waiter was very friendly and made some great recommendations to his favourite dish and drinks, the spicy level of dishes.FOOD: I ordered a sangria $7 and fish tacos approx $12. I'm not very experienced in Mexican food but the fish tacos seemed quite authentic to me. There's 3 soft tacos. The fish, although fried, was not too oily for my taste, which I quite liked. It also comes with rice, beans, and pico de gallo (salsa). I'd come back again for drinks with friends - the ambience is lovely!
3	I really enjoy the food here, isn't the best but pretty good. I ordered the shredded beef tacos and they were not greasy like most places. The rice needs a little more flavor, but beans were good. The only thing that shocked me was they charged for the chips and salsa, I mean isn't that a law to always provide chips and salsa at a Mexican restaurant?!! Either way the salsa is good, not to hot and full of flavor!! It's a cute establishment and have friendly servers. I did notice the service was a little slow though, it wasn't busy at all so no excuse.
4	Went on a Friday for happy hour with a friend.  The food absolutely rocked!  Had the chimi with a red sauce and it had some of the best seasoned beef packed throughout.  Rice & beans were standard and acceptable.  Margarita was good and reasonably priced for hh, though the server added salt when i asked for none.  Only negative in the experience was the heat in the enclosed patio.  They have fans and Ac but it either wasn't working or they didn't have it turned up enough.  Will be back for the food and drinks though!
2	The food at this place was quite greasy and lacking flavor. I wouldn't call this place authentic as it's just a lot of fried food with greasy yellow cheese. I do NOT recommend this for visitors looking for authentic Mexican food.
4	Solid food!!  Best Mexican food I've had in a while - and it is my favorite type of food!  This has more of a New Mexico flare with just the right amount of spice and flavor in everything.  The salsa was very fresh and tasty, the main course was very filling and exploding with flavor, and to end it all were some delicious homemade sopapillas (which were included with our meal)!!  Service was great, kids meal choices were terrific for my 3 year old and price was right on!!  I will be back for sure.
3	New Mexico style food.  Tasty and big portions.  A beautiful patio area out back.
4	Brought some people from out of town.   They loved it. I thought it was good.  Staff was very friendly and there was no waiting to get menus or place our orders.  Had the combination plate which was excellent.   One of the Companions had a chimichanga.  She loved it.  It wasoaded with chicken. Everything here tastes very authentic.   Will return
5	Friendliest wait staff in a long time. Good food and reasonable prices. For a casual evening with friends ask to sit outside on the patio as the atmosphere back there is the best. We recently had a fun time there with a group of friends. The portions are large enough to share or take some home and the pitcher of margaritas the best.
5	Yum off the charts. I was moaning from their shredded beef  tacos. Some of the best I have ever had and I am surrounded by mexican joints.Prices were reasonable especially for the higher end drinks.The location near the art galleries makes for a perfect date night. It is also super charming inside and on the patio.This will be my Scottsdale go to place.Am so jealous of the locales that they get this place in their hood!
4	While on a trip we were directed to this restaurant.  I will say in advance that I cannot handle really spicy foods, but my husband can. Hard to find a Mexican restaurant that we can agree on. We were seated inside since the patio was not open. I hope to time it differently next time, the patio looked like a fun place to be. Our meal was great and the server very patient with us. Great suggestions. I was so excited about the green cream sauce that was on my meal. It was surprising that they put the recipe on their website. How great of them. I have made it twice since we returned home....I don't have it down pat, but still really good.I look forward to returning again.
1	Got terrible food poisoning!  7 out of the 8 of us that went got violently ill.  Only my 3 year old son did not get it bc he refused to eat that night (thankfully). Even my 16 month old vommitted 5x and we almost had to take her to the ER.  Very scary!  The manager seemed minimally concerned when we called him.  The owner said he would refund us our money but has still not done so in over a week and will not return my calls.  It just doesn't seem like they care.
5	One of Scottsdale's hidden gems. Any place that can be open for over 50+ years has got to be doing something right. Not your typical mexican fare....this is "New Mexican" style. Much more flavorful and zesty! Had the number 8....probably the best mexican food I have eaten. Do yourself a favor and eat here. Not if you're counting carbs tho.
