5	This joint used to be my favorite work-week lunch at its old location.  Then, I got a new job and was sad I could no longer walk to my favorite wrap wranglers. Amazingly, perfectly, divine-interventionly their new location opened up down the street from my new work! This place is wonderful for vegetarians - all meaty wraps can be substituted for a delicious grilled tofu, and several wraps are beautifully meat-free to begin with.  My favorite is the Prince of Thais (they have cute names for their wraps). The selection is large and the portions are generous - I don't think I have EVER finished my whole wrap and side dish in one setting, I usually split it with the boyfriend and we are both full and happy and healthy. At this new location there is plenty of parking, and seating, and a large outdoor patio.  They are also expanding their hours and getting an alcohol license.
4	New location, longer lines and busier kitchen.I was a big fan of this place at their old location, the new one is a bit far for me, but the parking situation is much improved.We walk in the door and encounter a line out to the door, the line is moving very slowly as the phone and the orders on it seem to take priority over us.The menu is the same, wraps, bows and salads. Many veggie options, in fact most wraps can be made with tofu for $.50 extra.A $8 wrap includes one side, fruit, pasta or chips. Not cheap but not bad.I had my usual favorite The fin, Ahi tuna mango rice in wrap form. This time I was not all to happy as my tuna was over cooked until it was hard and dry, I did like the seasonings on it. The tortilla was also a bit hard and could have benefited from a bit of steaming.  On the hot sauce side of life there is Tobasco, Couloua and Siriacha on tap.Drop in early or be prepared to wait, and wait,  and wait. Even if you call in your oder you must wait in the line.
5	Oh, That's a Wrap, how I love you. 2002, my brother lived in Coronado before it was trendy to live there, and it was still somewhat frightening. He is kind of a granola type, and took me to That's a Wrap for lunch one day. It was absolutely fantastic. Healthy, clean, something for everyone, and high quality. Flash forward 8 years and the owner sells it to the manager and they move uptown. It's actually better than it ever was.Now, TAW has a patio... a really awesome patio. They have the same menu with the same food, and now stock beer and wine. They didn't fuck that up either, as they are carrying Oskar Blues beers. If you don't want to drink, you can have a big cup of China Mist iced tea... unfamilar with China Mist? They are a local company who does phenomenal flavored (and thankfully unsweetened) iced teas. Good job TAW, get a beer and wine license and a patio, and you make me really happy. Now, as if all of that wasn't enough, the lady who manages it is so frickin nice it's crazy. She has a very cool attitude and is extremely helpful. If you're visiting for the first time, try the Prince of Thai's, Buffalo 66, or Godfather wraps, they are all great.
5	Love That's a Wrap! It's the perfect local lunch spot. Quick, easy, healthy, fresh wraps, salads and yummy sides at the right price! I'm really sad they moved locations because its a bit of a trek from work now but I still make the drive. I love too many wraps to list but absolutely worth trying.
4	My mom was sweet enough to take me to lunch today & told me to pick a place. I decided on That's A Wrap for a healthy lunch, since I am trying to loose weight & my awesome mom has already lost a bunch. She's my inspiration for sure!We pull up & how funny is it that my brothers (who I work with) & dad were here also. Great minds think alike! There was a short line in the tiny restaurant. I ordered while my mom got us a table on their patio. Was it a gorgeous day in Phoenix or what?!I got the My Sherry A'more wrap with fruit salad & my mom got The Veggie Jackson wrap & added tofu with pasta salad. We both enjoyed our wraps, the pasta salad was pretty good but the fruit salad was lacking. We also each got the homemade berry lemonade to drink, it was refreshing.I'd definitely come back for lunch sometime. Would like to bring my hubby next time & try the Turk 182 wrap or the Baja rice bowl.
4	A little pricey for a wrap, but the people are friendly, atmosphere is cool and relaxed, and the ingredients are high quality. One of my favorites.
5	That's a Wrap is one of my all-time favorite lunch-time spots! If you like wraps and haven't eaten at That's a Wrap yet, you need to do so immediately! Their menu is fantastic, with tons of delicious, quirky-named delights. And it's great for vegetarians, because all of the meat can be swapped out for grilled tofu. So far, I've had the Buffalo 66, the Seniorita No-Meata, the Veggie Jackson and the Bird is the Word. They've all been so good that when I go in now, I make a couple of suggestions as to which wraps I like, and then ask them to surprise me with their own choice. Hasn't failed me yet! And seriously, their pasta salad is AMAZING! The chips and salsa are also quite delicious, but you can never go wrong with their pasta salad. And no meal at That's a Wrap is complete without a cold glass of the berry lemonade. Mmmm.... this is all making me hungry!
5	So happy that That's a Wrap moved north and closer to me, thanks That's a Wrap! Expanding there hours was genius, we need more spots like this in CenPho for lunch AND dinner. Digging the new location and small patio space, the employees seem even more cheerful and friendly then before (if that is even possible).This is a great spot for a vegan bites, you can customize pretty much every wrap and SURPRISE - it still tastes good! The Ken and Barbie-que with tofu is awesome. Senorita-no-meata sans cheese is great as well, I've never had a bad meal here - EVER. You can sub grilled tofu on any wrap, bowl or salad. Nothing much else to say besides don't change a thing!
4	The outside of this place does not look like much and kind off put me off, but once i got inside it was a very cute and hip place to my surprise.  I got a gyro and it was delicious with tomatoes, Tahiti sauce, lettuce and the shwarma chicken.  I compared this to other sandwich places and it is really worth your time to stop in.I like that they also have weekly special wraps, which I got today, and was really good.  I also liked that everything was half off so instead of a 8.75 dinner it was a 4.65 dinner,  along with alcohol prices.Definitely  good for lunch and dinner, not so much for breakfast.They have outside seating as well, but it was much more enjoyable insideRecommendation:  sandwich lovers should stop by that a wrap, and stay for the intimate atmosphere and satisfying meal.
5	Needing a quick place to grab a bite after picking up my friend from the airport, we walked into "That's a Wrap" where the owner warmly greeted us. I was immediately impressed by the atmosphere, (seat cushions, tasteful music not too loud, and funky menus). It took us both a while to decide on what to order b/c everything looked so good! I got the Ken and Barbie-Que, and my friend ordered Alota Fajita. We were both blown away! I loved that the sides with the sandwiches were something other than bagged chips you picked out- fresh chips and salsa, pasta salad, soup, or fruit sala. Highly recommend this place!
1	I went to this place because it looks run down on the outside and I interpreted "That's a Wrap!" in a cynical way. I thought I could sit and bask in my cynical drudgery but instead they tried to offer me 1/2 price food. Like really? I'm a believer in adding 50 percent to regular prices just to flip the table on societal norms. Perhaps even incorporate a "Wildcard Bitches!" after you ring up the sheeple. Moving on they had a selection of beer and wine in some glass case behind the register. Like why is it in a glass case? Do you think we are going to swipe this mainstream corporate beer? No. Maybe if you guys had Pabst but something tells me by the repulsive atmosphere of this place that such delicacies would be out of your range. The minion at the register spoke english, how am I supposed to practice my broken spanglish when this slave to society speaks english. I just don't get people and their old broken ways of life. Look at me though being a slave to quotations and periods I don't need periods or quotations or commas or any of that brainwashing crap schools try to instill in us From now on you can just deal with it deal with me and hopefully not deal with That's a Wrap a better name would be That's all Mainstream Crap haha I crack myself up sometimes when you are at this level of intellect you forget to look around and pat yourself on the back several times a day I have a timer of when to pat myself on the back because I believe I deserve praise for my cultural and intellectual superiority to the vagrant municipalities of structured living why does That's a Wrap even have tortillas thats so vintage Finally what I have to tell you is that if you are a sellout poser you can fit right in to That's a Wrap for me though im on to better things in life I was thinking of replacing my monitor with a mirror because it would probably be more interesting to look into my complexity than any thing I could find on the internet
5	everything on thats a wrap's menu is deliciousness , i promise you can't go wrong with anything you choose and believe me i"ve had it all.........my faves are...7 amigosbangkok bowlbuffalo 66 with avocado!!veggie bowland not to mention their employees are real sweeties.
2	The sandwiches were delicious, but super greasy, I was shocked because it used to be so light at the other location. Have they under new management? I really wanted something healthy, and this was definitely not it.
4	If you're looking for a place that's quick, healthy, and not the same old sub-sandwich, then That's a Wrap is the place for you. The people who work there are very nice, they have awesome lemonade , and all their sandwiches and wraps are made fresh and to order. Don't be afraid to customize your order as they are happy to do it. Sitting out on the patio is also great for people watching.
4	I'm really happy about the new location and the expanded hours. The patio is a plus. The quality, tastiness, and friendly service is still the same. I love that they will substitute grilled tofu for any meat. I also love the sides. That's a Wrap is nothing insanely original or delicious. It's just really good and consistent.
4	I've been going to That's A Wrap since it first opened down on 7th Street.  I could walk there from my office on nice days so that was a plus.  Now that they've moved, I don't make it there quite as often, but I still like the place!   Prince of Thai's is my favorite, and Sherry Amore is great, too.  Outdoor seating is MUCH better than the old location and it's a great little mid-day retreat. Prices are reasonable for today's $.
2	A lot of my friends really like this place, and I have no complaints about the atmosphere or the service.  I also appreciate the idea that any wrap can be made vegetarian, so it would be a good place to go with meat-eaters and vegetarians.  But in my experience, the tofu they put in vegetarian wraps usually tastes burnt and gross.  Is that just me?  It used to happen pretty infrequently, but the last several times I've gone there, the tofu has tasted so burnt and bitter I haven't wanted to eat the whole wrap.The menu has lots on it that sounds really tasty, and vegetarian-friendly restaurants are extremely hard to come by, but in my experience, I just haven't enjoyed the food here.
5	Thada boy That's a Wrap...you opened yet another tasty location that's perfect for a quick lunchtime bite! While in the middle of meeting mania today, I entered into the lunch hour on the road and in Phoenix. I knew I wanted a sandwich and I'd been itching to check out the new That's A Wrap location. My experience was top notch! I parked right in front, entered the quaint little shop, ordered, got a seat, got my food, ate it and went on my merry little way within a half hour. The service was quick and friendly. They have an open kitchen so you can see your creation getting made and they have desserts tempting you as you order. I went with the Fiesta wrap which was onions, green peppers, avocado, pico and chicken. Delicious! It's the perfect blend of Mexican food in a sandwich and it's a light lunchtime option. It filled me up without stuffing me. The shop is cute and quaint but has enough seats to accompany a decent size crowd. If the weather wasn't so cold today, I would have opted to sit on the patio in the front All are good options. This is a great treat for lunch and it gets you in and out in a timely manner. And that's a wrap for me!
4	I picked up a to go order for lunch today. I was all set on ordering the Baja rice bowl, but then changed my mind last minute & ordered the Gringo Star wrap (w/chicken, no avocado). I was also thinking about getting their famous chips & salsa for my side, but I decided to go for the healthier fruit salad option. Oh & if you didn't notice I was trying to eat healthy today, so NOT getting a cookie or brownie that they had up by the register took LOTS of willpower! The wrap was so tasty, I almost finished it all. The fruit salad was ok, wish it had some grapes & strawberries. Total for my meal was a lil under $8.
4	Known for its flavorful menu of wraps, rice bowls and salads, That's a Wrap has offered healthy food on Seventh Street in Central Phoenix for more than 13 years. The new location, formerly occupied by Lola Tapas, serves up the same affordable food and laid back atmosphere as the original with a fresh, contemporary interior and more space for dining, both indoors and out. If you've never had a wrap before it's a pretty straight forward design. Take all of your favorite sandwich ingredients, meat, cheese, tomato and dressing then surround them with a tender tortilla and there you have it. The wraps here are generously filled and could satiate some of the biggest appetites, including my own. The Buffalo 66 ($7.25) encompasses everything that you love about eating chicken wings, my favorite. Were talking thick juicy pieces of grilled chicken, shredded carrots, celery and spicy wing sauce all wrapped up in a herb flavored tortilla. One of the things I enjoy most about this wrap is the contrast between the heat from the sauce and the cooling effect of the dressing, spot on in every bite. One of the wraps I was most excited about was also the most disappointing I tried. Ordering the Clubster ($7.25) is supposed to get you turkey, ham, bacon, provolone cheese, corn bread stuffing, tomatoes, and lettuce dressed in tomato vinaigrette all wrapped with a wheat tortilla. The problem here was that there were no hints of smoky bacon or savory turkey, just a bland mix of ham, veggies and stuffing. Tearing my wrap open, neither of the two were present as far as I could tell. I'm not writing this one off yet, next time Ill ask them to double check their ingredients. For the lighter appetite, I use that term loosely, you could order one of their massive salads. Served in a crispy tortilla shell, the Picnic Salad ($7.75) was brimming with fresh spinach, blue cheese crumbles, toasted walnuts all lightly bathed in a wonderfully pungent balsamic dressing. For an additional charge ($.75) you can add tender grilled chicken to the mix.  Each order comes with your choice of chips and salsa, pasta salad, fruit salad or daily soup. Trying a few of the sides, I loved the freshness of their salsa, with little flecks of black char from roasted vegetables. I'd highly recommend my favorite, their homemade pasta salad. The firm texture of their bow tie pasta was additively well dressed; I could have eaten a huge bowl if it were offered. Sometimes the simplest things are the tastiest like really well done baked goods. TAW doesn't disappoint with their delicious Carrot Cake ($2.75). Each bite had a nice chewiness from the cream cheese frosting and dense moist crumb of the cake. The spices were well balanced and I loved that there were flecks of shredded carrot you could actually see in every forkful. Be sure to check their website for specials including great deals on bottles and glasses of wine. I know where I'll be on Saturday night.
4	I always struggled to understand this place.  I really like the idea of a wrap---and a veggie friendly wrap is even better.  But, there were some real roadblocks that left me confused.  Tonight, I finally figured out the trick to That's a Wrap. First my problem: I like wraps for lunch.  But, it seems to me that many (if not all?) the wraps are pretty heavy.  Flavor wise, they were awesome.  But so much food---filled with rice---that they put me to sleep. The wraps would work for dinner.  But, somehow, I am never up for a wrap come dinner time. The trick: Dump the wrap and get the bowl.  Solves the dinner problem!  (And, yes, the flavors are awesome.)Now, the whole lunch/heavy wrap issue still remains.  Please please develop light wraps! I'll then be there everyday. One minor complaint on the bowl: The eggplant was sort of rubbery.
5	Great place to get a quick bite to eat that is healthy.  Although I would forgo the "wrap" and just go with the bowl if you really want to be healthy.  Patio is a nice place to sit and eat on a beautiful spring day in AZ.
4	Super cool little urban lunch spot, outdoor patio seating is ideal for AZ spring time.  one little word of caution... at the north entrance obey the watch your step sign... I didn't and I ate it big time, that being said, the food was so good it made me forget all about my fall.  I recommend the route 66 wrap (amazing).
4	The Baja rice bowl is so bomb, yummm!
4	Very yummy place to grab lunch! It's very laid back and the service was really good. Definitely nice to have a quick and healthy option out there.
5	As a vegetarian, this is probably the best place to go in all of Phoenix! It's nice because you can take meat-eaters there too. They do meat and tofu, and it's delicious either way! I got the thai wrap last time and it was wonderful! But everything on the menu is great, plus the fresh fruit side is yummy and healthy. The new location is really cute, you can sit outside on the funky patio and have a wonderful time! Plus, parking is way better than it was at the first location. Way better.
4	I like this place for lunch. It is relativley inexpensive, and healthy as you can get a wrap and side (choice of soup, pasta salad, or fruit) for about $7. Everything there seems fresh, they have quick service and a unique dinning and patio area. My favorite wrap is the buffalo chicken and I would reccomend it to everyone.
4	I fell in food love at the original That's a Wrap location, and I fell once again at the new location today... I'm a huge fan of the casual atmosphere, modest prices, and of course the wraps, sides, and salads at this place.I went for lunch today and had the Greek Salad and black bean soup as my side.  One friend had the albacore tuna on a wheat wrap with a side of fruit and another had one of the specialty wraps with a side of pasta salad.  We were all pleased with our food.The only negative is that I don't think this place has air conditioning, so I hope they get some fans or install a/c before the temperatures rise.  Regardless, I'll be back, even just for carry-out or to check out their "wrappy hour."
5	Bossman saw this place on the news or in some paper or something and wanted to give it a try. Sure glad he did! I had a wrap and he had a rice bowl. The chicken is very, very impressive. When ordering chicken breast at other establishments, I'm used to finding being bits of gristle, or fat, or tough pieces. The chicken at That's a Wrap had none of that! It was soft, tender, moist and lean...perfect! I had the Gringo Star which also had rice, black beans, sour cream, cheese, avocado, lettuce and pico all wrapped in a tomato tortilla. It maybe could have had more avocado because I couldn't really be positive it was in there just by taste. The tortilla was fantastic - soft and delicious. I chose the chips & housemade salsa, which was excellent as well. The salsa was a bit spicier than I had anticipated, but I like spicy. It just didn't seem as generically non-spiced as most other food-place's salsas. Bossman had the Bangkok Bowl (peanut chicken) and said nothing bad about it, although he wasn't sure it had the brown rice he requested (and paid extra for). I came during the normal lunch hour, so the wait was a little longer than I'd like. My lunch is always to-go, so next time I will call ahead to order. The inside is a little cramped, but the outdoor patio seems like a good space. I will definitely be back, hopefully at an off time, and eat in to enjoy their patio!
4	A co-worker suggested this lunch spot. I tried one of their rice bowls, the Baja Bowl. Too much sour cream for my taste, but it was good! The bowl comes with your pick of a side, I chose the salsa and chips. Chips tasted store bought, but the salsa was decent. Great place to order ahead and pick-up, since parking and space are limited during the busy lunch rush.
4	Soursdey ya'll!I've been coming here for quite some time now, prior to it being located at the new Camelback location. I gotta say, same great food. As you can see by the name, the specialty are wraps ranging from some tasty and healthy cold/hot meat wraps to veggie. My personal favorite is the Rocky VII which is a juicy saute of either steak or chicken - I love the steak BTW, with mushrooms, onions, various peppers, provolone in a wheat tortilla. Complementing your wrap of choice is a pasta or fruit salad or the soup of the day. The pasta salad is another reason I come here! A salad with the right mix of freshness and tanginess. Very good. A small quaint place. Seating inside and outside. It's a little tough to get out of the parking lot being on Camelback during weekday lunch hours, but worth the wait. Service always comes with a smile, the food is delish, and That's a Wrap!
4	I Love This Place, it is so good without being stuffy.....
3	Prior to That's A Wrap moving I would have given this place FIVE STARS. I used to absolutely LOVE this place. Since the change in ownership (basically when they moved) I have found that things at That's A Wrap just aren't quite the same. The menu has drastically reduced in size (nearly half of the wraps were taken off), the cookies are not the same (they used to be my girlfriends ALL time favorite cookie) and some of the wraps names have changed. To me they just seem like unneccessary changes - why change the Senorita No Meata to Seven Amigos??? I mean c'mon - who doesn't want to order a wrap with the name like Senorita No Meata! I have also found that the taste of the food has been hit or miss. Some visits it's great - the pasta salad is on point and the Buffalo 66 is fantastic, while other visits I'm left wishing for more. My advice to the new owners would be to keep things the way they were! People like me who have been customers for years (and I'm talking close to 9 years) kept coming back because everything was just RIGHT.
3	Before eating at "That's a Wrap" for the first time, I remember reading a few reviews that mentioned how filling the wraps were. I thought to myself, "Ok, but that's probably for someone with a relatively small appetite." Because, you see, I usually eat "American" proportions, so I ordered the Thai wrap with the Lentil Soup.It's not that I was eating incredibly fast, but I didn't realize how freaking full I was until about 30 minutes after I was finished with lunch. I was actually uncomfortable from being so full. I would like to emphasize again that this really doesn't happen very often for me. The food was good, nothing crazy-awesome, but good. I just wish I would have eaten A LOT less of it. That wrap could have easily fed two people. If I go again, I'll be splitting the wrap!
5	Wraps usually make me excited. I get to pretend that I'm being healthier by not eating bread, and instead I'm eating a tortilla that has the names of vegetables in the title and serving as a main ingredient:  Spinach, Jalapeno, and Tomato --- but then there's still Whole Wheat,  Herb, and Plain (but who wants that?). So when That's a Wrap, one of my favorite little stops in the Coronado neighborhood, decided to move-- I was sad. I'm still trying to make the trip to the Camelback location and keep up my dedication. The fact is, when I find something that really knows how to punch my taste buds, it's hard for me to shop around after the fact. So although I've been here many times before, I have only tried a few selections but they totally rock my world. I would like to discuss the Prince of Thai... If he truly were a prince, I would be his princess. I love the sauce that accompanies this dish. Usually I get it as a salad and with tofu just so I don't get filled up on the meat. The fresh ginger slaw, cucumber pico, red onion and garlic rice compliment each other very well.The salads are so copious that you could share them quite easily (ladies)! Also, that's the great thing, you can get any salad as a wrap and vice versa!  The Veggie Jackson, Greek Gatsby, and the Picnic are also delectable. The price for the food is what you can't beat, and they even have a liquor license now (toot toot!)
4	I have grabbed lunch here a few times now and really enjoy their wraps.  The Thai is a standout closely followed by buffalo chicken.  The ingredients are always incredibly fresh and taste profiles are very nice.  They also understand how mush sauce to put on an item to compliment it and not over due the whole meal.  The pasta salad is particularly amazing, and I would suggest it to everyone.
4	Vegheads and carnivores alike, rejoice! Even though just about every item on the menu comes with some variety of meat, they can all be substituted with grilled tofu. Even though there's only one standard vegetarian wrap available (the Veggie Jackson).... it' delicious. Plus, the combination of feta, garlic rice, and heaps of spicy veggies wrapped in a spinach tortilla make for a really filling meatless meal. And, if wraps aren't for you, fear not! The bowls are awesome, especially the teriyaki and bangkok (and the carrot cake looked pretty damn good, too... eh, to hell with lunch food).
4	I ordered 2 wraps the gringo and the buffalo. They were both delicious but the buffalo had too much ranch. I would suggest place to anyone who like healthy, tasty food.
5	I love and miss this place!  I had a wrap today and it made me miss That's A Wrap!  PA needs a specialty wrap destination so badly.  The quality of products is outstanding and the service is quite special as well.  I will visit for sure when I make it back to AZ.  I miss your amazing food!
5	Awesome service and fresh, delicious food
4	Wowsers! Thank you, Yelp, for a good find!I just purchased a new car down the street and was heading there to drop off the title on my old car. Not having done grocery shopping for the week I knew grabbing something on the way home would be in order. So I pull up my Yelp app, plug in the zip code and look at some reviews. Wraps, rice bowls and salads? Sounds healthy... I could go for that! So I perused the menu online, decided on something to pick up for myself and my boyfriend and set out after finishing at the dealer.Immediately I was struck by how QUAINT the outside looked. It reminded me of something I would see in Austin (where I moved from a couple years back). Inside the decor is white, minimal, clean and charming. And WHOA! Cider and wine in the cooler? Yesssss.... I definitely felt at home here. I made my order to go, made some small talk with one of the employees and sat for maybe 5 minutes tops for my food and headed home.The veggie rice bowl was SO GOOD. I wasn't sure what to expect but there's a whole lot of flavor going on in there, a perfect amount of spice, and NO skimping on the veggies. The portion was just right. I felt full but not agonizingly so.My only complaint was that the side order of pasta salad was really small. As in the "why bother?" sort of way. I'm willing to look over that though as my boyfriend said it was tasty.If I'm ever in that neighborhood again I wouldn't hesitate to go back again for SURE. A happy discovery!
4	I am a really big fan of the food here. It is reasonably priced and nice size wraps and bowls. It is small but quaint. I am a big fan...The ugly orange monument sign outside should go though..
5	Great variety of different wraps here! Try them out if you haven't they're bound to have something that you like and it is a great lunch spot. The lemonade is also pretty good and the staff that works here is really nice. Will be back!
3	I'm not a huge fan of wraps because they always seemed like a "healthy option" (which I could care less about) and I'm a bread lover - the more bread, the better. But I wanted to try something a little different and ended up here. I opted for the "The Clubster" (turkey, ham, bacon, Provolone, corn bread stuffing, tomatoes, Romain lettuce and pesto mayo in a wheat tortilla - but I substituted the tomato for their cranberry relish). Sounds amazing but I couldn't taste much besides bacon, cranberry and Romaine. I'm not sure if it was the balance of ingredients or maybe there were just too many flavours vying for my attentions, but it seemed really bland for something with so many ingredients. I also chose their broccoli and cheese soup as my side, which I also used as a sandwich dip. This had a TON of flavour and would have been perfect if I liked my soup on the spicier side. I liked the inside a lot - very clean (though it was late on a Monday night and quite empty) with really cool tables and lots of healthier drink options (fresh teas, lemonade, cucumber-enhanced water) as well as a cooler of bottled water and soda. However, it wasn't enough to bring me back - especially with a quite small wrap and cup of unfinished soup costing nearly $10.
4	Convenient location on my 15 block commute home from work...but I wouldn't give stars for convenience...the food HAS to be worthwhile.  This was pretty tasty.
5	In town from Chicago, found this place and must say, great food especially the just-made pumpkin soup. Fair prices and nice friendly personnel. We had 2 wraps and a Baja bowl. All were excellent and will come back again.
4	Good food here consistently.
4	EVERYTHING IS Always good!!!!Wish u had 50 locations!!  :)
4	This is a cool, little urban place on Camelback. Parking can be pain, but the food is tasty.I've only been here twice now and each time I've ordered the tereyaki chicken bowl which is delish. However, it's really overpriced. $10 for that? The bowl is so big that I barely even eat half of it - and it comes with a side. I wish they would have two different size options, that would solve the problem of it being too expensive and too much food.Their wraps look good, so I'll be back to try those. But this won't be one of my regular lunch spots. Fun once in awhile though.
4	We came here looking for something light to eat.  Definitely light and definitely good!!  The waiter was very nice, likes to call you hun, love, sweetie.  He was also patient with us since it was our first time there and didn't know what to order.We got the chicken wrap, teriyaki tofu bowl with fruit and gazpacho.  First time having gazpacho so I can't compare it with any other place but I thought it was good.  Wish they gave more fruit so my daughter could eat more of it but it's all good.  I really liked the teriyaki tofu bowl.  The sauce isn't overpowering like some places her and it wasn't "congealed" like a lot of teriyaki bowls can get so definitely a plus!If you are looking for a decent place to eat with simple food, simple ingredients, this is definitely a place to stop by!  Great lemonade and iced tea, too!
5	This is another one of those places that I patronize on a fairly regular basis, but keep forgetting to review, and that's too bad, since this is a great place.Their food is so good, and so reliably good, that it shouldn't be known as only a wrap restaurant.  I've had several things there, but I get one so often that I've forgotten all the rest.  I love the Thai wrap with the peanut sauce and tofu, with a side of either their excellent soups of the day, or with a side of their excellent pico and chips.  I feel so healthy when I eat here, and i should eat here way more often and lay off the pizza.  The interior of the restaurant is a little tight at lunch, so I recommend the patio if it's open.  I would like to see them in a big airy space, but it's not going to stop me that they are not.  This may sound funny, but I think the presentation of fast food here is the best I've seen for the price.  I like the little containers the food is delivered in, and it always looks so clean and tight, plus the food tastes just as good as it looks.  I really appreciate when people making relatively cheap food make such an effort to make it look good, too.  I would still like coming here if it was sloppy presentation, because it's tasty, but I want the kitchen staff to know that I see their work and that they do an excellent job with aesthetics, as well as taste.    The staff:  always friendly.  It's like they take happy pills.  Maybe they do?  They seem like a family, and that is always lovely.Also like that they serve beer and wine here, plus Reed's Ginger Ale.  Mmmm, ginger ale.As a final word: highly recommended.
4	Super cute spot for a leisurely lunch - great menu choices and a really cool vibe. I didn't try an actual wrap as the brown rice bowl was calling out to me that day. But that's okay because I know I'll be back....I have my eye on that Thai wrap! But my first trip to this place was pleasant and my Bangkok bowl was dee-lish! I don't think I've ever enjoyed eating vegetables so much in my life. Something I should probably learn to do more often. But I digress...bottom line is that this place is worth a visit!
2	Love the food but only two starts because the employees are so high especially in the evening that the service sucks.... Having said that, if you have the muchies this prob the spot for you.
4	All in the rapper, E-40's voice:Dopeness n shiat.. all wrapped up in a quaint little package. I ordered me a Thai Wrap after reading all the hype on this damned inter web, and that thang was the bizness. Had a n*gg* lickin peanut flavor off my phalanges for realz mane. Garlic rice make a thugg feel nice. Replaced that chicken with mothafunkin sauteed tofu and felt real good about myself afterward for not eating dead aminals. Too bad I'm making like 4 slabs of baby back ribs thizz weekend. Funk dem animals mane.. I be eatin them shits on the weekend only. Lots of em too. My side salad came in a tiny ass condiment container! Aye, That's a Wrap!! Quit skiggety skimpin on dem portions mane. Homie who took my order showed respek like a mugg... You wanna meet up fer lunch some time Yelpers?? Just Tell Me When To Go-Hocus Pocus
5	That's a Wrap turns me into a vegetarian nearly every time I go. And I get hit on by hipster waitresses. I also can't believe I've never reviewed this place until now.What do I love about That's a Wrap? Everything. The people are awesome. The space is extremely laid back and inviting. They have jameson and ginger ale on their limited cocktail menu. They have homemade lemonade. They pretty much have homemade everything. And I hardly ever get the same thing every time I go. That's a Wrap knows exactly what to do to please me.The Tarragon and the Veggie Jackson are probably tied for my favorites. I've always wanted to try the carrot cake, but I'm deathly afraid I'll love it too much.When I was in a few weeks ago, it took abou 20 minutes for my to go order, and to make it up to me, my next one was on the house. Because this place is awesome.
4	My type of place.  This is a great little sandwich shop that I finally got a chance to try a few weeks ago.   Yum! is all I can say....  I loved the Seven Amigos- Peppers, Onions, Black Beans, Corn, Guacamole, Pico de Gallo, Lettuce, Garlic Rice, cheese,Jalapeno Tortilla.  My Fiance had Buffalo 66 Chicken, Medium Wing Sauce, Lettuce,Tomato, Carrots, Celery, House Ranch Dressing, Herb Tortilla.  For a small place the price is a little on the high side but worth the price because of the taste. I love the many selections of Tea and ability to mix and match for the drinks. You must try it at least once.
4	We've been going to That's a Wrap for years, but not often enough since they moved locations. They are very vegetarian friendly which is great!! They have a few specialty veg wraps but I love that you can sub tofu for meat on any of them.
4	That's a Wrap in Phoenix is awesome. The eco- and vegetarian-friendly spot  serves up wraps, bowls and salads using fresh ingredients (mmm, avocado.)My friends got the Veggie Jackson (includes zuchinni, feta and salsa) and the Prince of Thai's (spicy peanut chicken and fresh ginger slaw.)My bud Jamel had this to say about the Veggie Jackson:"I started dieting recently so in an attempt to avoid any extra calories I decided to forgo meat and try a vegetarian wrap. After looking over the menu for a minute, the "Veggie Jackson" with its seemingly random mix of veggies: (zucchini, asparagus, onions, carrots, broccoli and eggplant) was calling out to me. The meal came with a medley of fruit and self serve drink, it wasn't cheap at around $9.50, but I'd eaten here before and knew it'd be worth it.Our meals came out quickly and my stomach moaned an excited growl at the sight of it. The food looked and smelled fantastic, in fact I am a little concerned Tim and Nicki might have mixed feelings about the way I tore into my meal, my only consolation is they were likely too busy enjoying their own wraps to notice.Was the food good? Let's just say while I have no plans to become a vegetarian, the promise of meatless meals this tasty definitely makes me less adverse to the idea."I opted for the Senorita No-Meata, a fiesta for your mouth, containing peppers, black beans, corn and rice-it reminded me of a delicious wrap I used to get all the time in college.The wraps ($7.25 each) come with a side (my pals got fruit salad, and I got pasta salad), and they're filling without that gunky, weighed-down feeling you don't want when you head back to the office.The place also serves their fountain drinks in recycled cups and offers a recycling station in the restaurant. No wonder there were hippie types mixed in with the business crowd.
4	Supper yummy wraps that are just the right amount of food.
4	Go-to "healthy" burrito spot. (Wraps are burritos with a fancier name.)Let me tell you, besides the Fajitas On that I get every time, that strawberry water drink is addicting. I was so blown away the first time I had it, it was embarrassing. I lied earlier. I once tried the Buffalo 66, so technically I don't get the Fajitas On EVERY time. But both are delicious. Now, that is not a lie.
4	Needed to pick something up on my lunch hour at Walgreens on Camelback and this place's cute little sign out front caught my attention. I was a little confused on where their building was, but if you're thinking "That can't be it, that place looks like a small house" then you're in the right spot. Best hipster interior with a cool front patio and outside patio too complete with grafitti. That's A Wrap has a little bakery case with a few cupcakes and cookies but it's main dish (hence the name) are wraps and bowls and salads. The casier girl is a peach and was very helpful and even threw her arms in the air when I told her it was my first time visiting. I order the Buffalo 66 without carrots and a fruit salad.Of course I went right at noon and the place was popping. Took a little while to get my food but the bringer outter of food was very polite and assured all the other crazy take outters our food was on its way.They had cuccumber water, old fashioned Coke bottles, a decent alcohol variety and soda too. Diners were served wraps in what looked like a roofing gutters cut off but it was a little rectangular tin, perfect size for the wraps. I loved it!I am eating the wrap now and my only complaint is that the fruit salad was a tad small and the chicken is shredded instad of chuncked which you often see in buffalo chicken wraps. Nonetheless, I'm loving the crap out of it and I cannot wait to finish the second half. I will be going back to this place.
5	"Are you sure this is the right place?" my girlfriend said as we drove up.  I had no idea, as I hadn't been here before either, but we trusted the small orange sign and went on in anyway...We were greeted by a simple and sweet dining room, complete with comfortable bench seating and hip(ster) decor;  nice.  After looking over the menu for a minute we had settled on a Turk w/ Pasta salad for her and a Buffalo 66 with homemade Pumpkin soup for me.  We each grabbed a cup of the cucumber water and anxiously waited.  When the food arrived, it looked delicious.  Fresh chicken, glazed with buffalo sauce, lettuce, ranch, and carrots were wrapped perfectly in a lightly grilled herb tortilla, accompanied by homemade pumpkin soup, which, we found out, included bits of tomato and avocado as well!  Her "Turk" was a non-traditional turkey club (sans bacon), perfectly accentuated by the avocado, chipotle mayo, and accompanying pasta salad.  All in all, we finished our lovely meal longing for more but perfectly satisfied.  If you want to reach that "perfect full" with delightfully fresh, homemade food, look no further;  That's a Wrap is your place!
4	Loved, loved, loved this place.  The space is adorable, simple and clean.  The staff is uber friendly and courteous.  The food is absolutely delish.  I ordered the Prince of Thai with chips and salsa.  For me, the portion was perfect - filling without being too much (right amount of rice, especially, which can leave you feeling overstuffed). My wrap had a slightest kick to it which was welcomed.  I normally love a whole lot of spice, but sometimes just the faintest amount can do wonders. I found the salsa flavorful as well. I can't think of anything subpar about this joint, and I can't wait to go back and try a new menu item!
4	Prince of Thai, every time! :o)
5	One of my favorites.
5	My husband and I eat here about every other week. I've tried most of their wraps, homemade soups, and a few of their bowls. I've never had a bad meal here, it's a great place to go to get a healthy, reasonably priced, fast meal. They have really good iced tea and fresh lemonade, and their staff is always really nice. Also, they now have a $6 daily special. I would highly recommend That's a Wrap.
3	Love the food but only two starts because the employees are so high especially in the evening that the service sucks.... Having said that, if you have the muchies this prob the spot for you.Update, the problem I had previously mentioned seems to be fixed and now they seem to get my order right every time and quickly
4	I love this place! They have amazing soup and everything I've tried on the menu so far has been great. It's nice to have a casual meal at a reasonable price and feel good about what you just ate. They are vegan friendly and also allow dogs on the patio.  The staff is also amazing.  It's truly a great spot.
2	I want to preface this to say it sickens me to give this place a 2 star rating.  I've been going to "That's A Wrap" for years.  Back when they were on 7th Street and then with the move to Camelback.   I have always loved the food.  It's been a craving at times.  There were times I used to stop off just before they closed and I would visit with the then owner while waiting for my dinner on my way home from work.  I would race out of work just to make it in time. Lately, and this seems since it has moved to the Camelback location, the food is still very good, however the size of the wraps have drastically decreased.  Last week, I grabbed a wrap to-go and when I got it hope I was like WTF?  I have noticed this decrease slowly happening over time but last week was the limit.  I feel like it's not even worth my time or money to go here anymore.   What happened??  The flavors are still there, but there is some serious cost cutting going on.  If i was to guess, I think the owners are trying to switch this over to a "corporate" establishment. This is probably a sad attempt to open more locations.  I don't know what they need to do to make it work, and I hate to say it, but I won't be back until this is fixed.
5	Great neighborhood gem! Love the food, patio and the friendly service! Great specials, too! Been there twice and loved it so much it promoted me to leave my 1st yelp review!!
5	I just moved to the neighborhood, and also I should mention, my own place where my mom does not cook dinner every night. Lately I have been subsisting off of Bagel Bites, and today the bf picked up some kind of -ico's or -erto's that made me feel like I was going to explode, so I was craving health food but simultaneously feeling extremely lazy. I remembered a lovely lunch I'd had at That's A Wrap, saw they were open til 8, and drove on over.I ordered the Thai wrap with pasta salad, and then realized I had forgotten my wallet. For the 2nd time today. Like an idiot. I was about to go home in despair and microwave some mini corn dogs but the cashier was SUPER nice and just gave it to me. I was SO FREAKIN' grateful because I had gotten myself all psyched up for this food. I LOVE their cucumber water, and I get half homemade lemonade/half blackberry jasmine tea. The place is super cute and small and such an excellent alternative to fast food. Since it's more of a lunch place, it was empty and probably faster than McDonald's with good quality food. I had forgotten how spicy the Thai is but I loved it- and they have those delicious super Asian pickled cucumbers.I will try to convince the bf to go back for a date night special- we both claim to be attempting to eat healthier. At the least will be back for lazy night takeout and girl time lunches.
4	I've seen and heard about this place since I've lived on this side of town and have wanted to come here for some time.  I finally made it in yesterday, and it was everything I thought it would be.  Delicious!The menu is pretty good, and the prices are great. It kind of has a fresh and healthy feel to it, which is great.  I went with the steak wrap, and my friend went with a chicken wrap.  Staff was friendly and helpful, and overall I really enjoyed it.I love how they serve the meal in a metal bread tray, and I thought it was super cute.  They had limited drink options, so I stuck with water.  Food was tasty and filling, and overall I really liked it here.  They have free wifi here, so its pretty cool that you can bring your computer, hang out and dine here while relaxing on the patio.  Total bill for two lunches was about $20.
4	I'm so glad I discovered this place. In the land of chain restaurants, this is an adorable local eatery with a focus on fresh, healthy and flavorful wraps and salads.As a (mostly) vegetarian, I rejoice that every menu offering can be made veggie, by substituting tofu for meat. And I appreciate that the guy at the counter didn't roll his eyes when I explained my dietary restrictions, but was instead super helpful and made great recommendations.Everything I've had here is delicious and tastes homemade. And I love that they have Reed's Ginger Ale and unsweetened teas.What a relief from the greasy, salty, meat-focused, chain restaurant food that is the standard fare in Phoenix.And they will give you a card for a free wrap or salad after you've bought a few meals there.There is a cute shaded patio for when the weather is nice, and the staff are very friendly and nice, too.And, extra points for recycling and using compostable utensils!
5	This is my favorite wrap/sandwich place in Midtown/Phoenix. It's always good and never lets me down. Good portion sizes to be full but not stuffed, fresh produce and great tasting flavor combos. Simple but effective. Plus the strawberry water is delicious.
4	I LOVE That's a Wrap. Not only is the food always good, the staff is super friendly and always make good recommendations if you don't know what to try. My favorite dish is the buffalo chicken wrap and the black bean soup, but I have not had anything I don't like!
1	Quite frankly this establishment if you like absolutely tasteless overpriced vegan hippie food with all the attitude of hipster lassez faire service.  This is the place to go...
5	This is my favorite lunch spot in town. I love the daily $6 daily wrap specials! So the staff here are amazingly polite and are great will regulars, welcoming them back am remembering not only faces but also names. I'm always on the lookout for healthy places to eat in town and this is definitely one of them. All of the wraps can be prepared as salads and tofu can be substituted for meat.Lets not forget that happy hour starts at three and did I forget to mention their deserts? Brownies, cookies, and carrot cake. Yum!
1	Went there thinking we would receive great service and food but were told that their POS system was down... we offered to pay cash and was denied service.  Very unprofessional as we feel they could have easily taken the order "old school" on a piece of paper but that was not the case.  We were also trying it out for a possible catering job in the near future.  We ended up getting great service and food someplace else and we were so satisfied that  we placed our 900.00 order!  We will not be going back to That's a Wrap.
5	I love this place. Always friendly service and always delicious food! It has a unique friendly atmosphere that I love. I brought about 10 wraps to a work meeting once and everyone loved them. They're really health conscious and I like that you can get a wrap or a salad on any item. I would recommend this place to anyone.
4	Updated 4/7/14After the owner made it a point to reach out to me and address some of the concerns I mentioned in my previous post, I was willing to give That's A Wrap another shot a few months later. I've been back three times (!!!) in the past month and I'm happy to report that I experienced none of the problems mentioned earlier. My husband and I have ordered to-go twice and both times our meals were flavorful, fresh, and super tasty, and the orders were accurate. Brought my sister back here for lunch on their patio (yay, spring in Phoenix!) and she loved it. She also ordered a cocktail and a cookie and said they were great. I'm really pleasantly surprised and will continue to frequent in the future. Thanks, guys! Good job. ________________________________________I want to love you, That's a Wrap. I really, really do. Healthy, veggie friendly menu at a decent price? Check. Convenient downtown location? Check. The best southwestern-style pumpkin soup I've ever had? Check. $4 Jameson and gingers? Check. Cute, shady, dog-friendly patio? YOU HAVE MY ATTENTION. But here's where you lost it:I know lots of places now use call-center type services to handle their take-out orders. Like PF Chang's. Big, chain-type restaurants with a set menu might need that. You do not. Especially when there is a consistent lack of communication regarding your soups/rotating selection of menu items. Consistently screwing up my order. Like. Every. Time. I shouldn't have to pick up lunch only to get home, deconstruct my order to remove mystery ingredients, get frustrated, and make an entirely new wrap. Avoiding that is kinda why I pay you seven bucks to do it in the first place.Decreasing food quality. I've been pulling myself back here every few months for the last several years, and I've seen employees come and go, the menu change drastically, etc. But this past visit may truly have to be my last. Giving me a totally unrecognizable wrap from the one that I ordered, with a single, finger-nail sized piece of browned avocado, lettuce that literally SMELLED, dressing/tomatoes/onions that I didn't order, and super stale chips. Not only was it wrong, it was no longer fresh. Some places can get away with serving stale tortilla chips. Whatever. Bad fresh produce, though? When thats the basis of your establishment's menu? NO. No.
4	This place is pretty amazing. The food is super fresh and incredibly well made. However because it's fresh and made to order it does take a little longer to get food out to their guests.
4	Love love love this place! I use to work at the Wells Fargo next door and use to eat here everyday! They are a tad bit pricey but the buffalo salad and the Mexican salad is bomb!!!!! Never had a wrap though lol. They have great pasta and chips! Must go.
5	One of those places you pass by a hundred times before stopping in. I'm glad I changed that over the summer after the lunch special caught my eye. I ordered the  The Gringo that day. Unreal. I was completely hooked and proceeded to return a dozen times over the following month. I've tried nearly everything on the menu at this point. The quality is as consistent as the service and there really isn't much I don't care for. The staff is a blast and I always enjoy conversing with them. Orders are served up quickly with consistently fresh-tasting ingredients. I'm amazed there is only one location but understand that this is a sort of side project for the owner. Simply one of the best lunch spots in PHX.
4	I've been a patron since the old location and now I'm happy that they are closer to me.My favorite sandwich is the Buffalo wrap. Ask for hunks of blue cheese if you get it. I'm from Buffalo, and I can tell they use Frank's. My only complaint is the tiny portion of the side salad you get. I don't know of any other place that has such a small side.They staff is very friendly and a lot of fun.They also have a punchcard, so you get a free sandwich.
4	Found this place on yelp & decided to give it a try even though its kind of far from work. My first visit I had the gringo wrap, chips & salsa, and a strawberry-watermelon agua fresca. Everything was great, especially the agua fresca! It did take a while for our food to come out which is understandable since it was lunchtime.The second time I was smarter, I called in my order for pickup. I ordered the buffalo chicken wrap and had the pasta salad..again both really good!...dat pastaaa... Only complaint is that both times my chicken was a bit dry..my friend also noticed that as well. That though will not keep me from coming back. I'm looking forward to trying the thai wrap & other items on menu. I wish they had a place like this in Mesa!
2	The counter staff is phenomenal.  There is always a line and he is very cool headed and takes everyone's order concisely.  The problem that I have had here is that the two times I have visited, they have messed up my order 3 times.  Yes, you read that correct THREE TIMES.  One time it was fixed quickly and today it was messed up twice.  I am not sure what the kitchen staff is doing back there, however, the wait time and accuracy is ridiculous.  I won't go back due to the fact that they have goofed 3 times out of 2 visits.  Food is very good, when made to order.
5	I stopped by before dance today for a slice of cake. The young lady that helps me was so kind and friendly. I felt like I was hanging out at my friends house. I recommend going, even if it's for a slice of home made cake :-) can't wait to go back.
4	Lets start out by saying I'm on a diet....yes I am... I think....anyway looking for some "healthier" options I found this place by of course using yelp and was sold as soon as I saw the buffalo chicken wrap. The wrap was very good the sauce was not so spicy but they had some hot sauce to compensate for my fire loving side. Over all very clean place, friendly staff, and nice atmosphere! Will be back for sure!
3	Hipsters unite. Good salsa! Average wraps.
5	Excellent from the start to finish! Our first time today and we were all very pleased. Amazing staff / service, wraps, watermelon drink, cucumber water, and then the carrot cake. It was all good!!! Can't wait to go back.
5	If you want a REAL wrap, then I suggest you eat here. I am enamored of the quality/freshness of ingredients they use in their wraps, as well as the generous amounts of more expensive (protein and cheese, etc.). The care of the "craftsmanship" of their food products is just uncanny. I feel like I'm getting a massage and a kiss when I eat their food.The vibe is cool and comfortable. I don't feel like anyone wld be snarky or snub me here. Another "safe place".Service is always on-point and genuine. Five stars.
4	i love everything about this place except its location.I got into it last summer when my boss introduced me to the thai wrap. As of recently I began getting the thai bowl though and I always get the pasta salad as my side, ALWAYS!I love the outdoor patio area, the staff is nice & they do a 6 dollar lunch special. They also have date night, you'll need to double check but I believe its M&T 20 dollar for two meals and a drink.. definitely something to look into. My suggestions: Arcadia location & breakfast wraps :)
5	If I lived in the area, this would be a go-to lunch spot for me.  Very affordable - my buffalo chicken wrap was $7.80 and my cucumber-infused water was complementary - nice outdoor seating and great service!  Definitely recommend!
4	Decided to try this place on a whim while in the area... The Thai wrap was super yummy, the Turk was okay. I suggest the fruit vs the pasta side. Definitely don't forget the fresh watermelon strawberry agua fresca - it's delicious!!!
2	I don't understand what the hype is with this place. Maybe it's because I'm not a hipster, but I was not impressed. I've given this restaurant three tries because the reviews are so great and I've just never been thrilled. Each time I tried a different wrap, and not one has excited me. The best thing I had was the pasta salad, which I've still had better at other places. The place is also always super crowded and takes forever to get your food. I was even forgotten once and ended up waiting 30 minutes. Always fun. Lastly, I was so excited when I saw they had hibiscus tea (yum!)...it was disgusting. So bitter and didn't even taste remotely like tea. I've had hibiscus tea at other places and it has never tasted like that. Makes me shudder to think about. Maybe it was old. Anyway, I will not be back. Enjoy, hipsters!
3	First time. Love the decor and employees are friendly.  I got the Tarragon wrap.  Lots of flavor, however the chicken was dry and there was too much celery and not enough grapes. Salsa and chips were good, really good. Would come and try something else if I'm on the area.
5	I love That's a Wrap!!!! The ingredients are fresh, the staff  is friendly, and he atmosphere is like nowhere else. Unfortunately, I think this place gets a little busy and can't handle the volume of customers that roll through for the lunch hour. However,t eh food is so good that I won't let this knock a star. Overall, best wraps in the valley--hands down,
4	The homemade salsa was delicious, and the strawberry-watermelon agua fresca! I ordered the veggie wrap and could tell that the ingredients were fresh but the seasoning just wasn't there. Luckily I had the salsa to put on the wrap and I grabbed the Sriracha from the back table. I love everything about the idea and the execution of the place, so I'll be back to try another item.
4	This hidden gem is just delicious!  We stopped in for a quick lunch yesterday and both enjoyed the teriyaki bowl with a pasta salad side.  The portion was large, the food was extremely fresh and very flavorful.  The wraps and salads looked just as tasty...next time!
4	If you're a child of the 80's this place will take you back.  Time seems to move a little slower in here and the world seems just a little brighter.Too bad this place is closing, it'd be nice to have them in Tempe, that is if they chose to relocate.  Enjoy while you still have the chance.
5	I've been eating here for years, from the old location to the new and can never get enough! I'd eat here every day of the week if I could. Everything is very fresh and well presented. They have a great selection of items with fun names and the staff is always friendly and helpful.They serve the wraps or bowls, beer, run a great lunch special, and have a killer Thai Chicken wrap!Highly recommend That's a Wrap for anyone looking for a healthy meal or if you are a vegetarian.
5	I can't believe this place is closing! It's going to be a sad day for this neighborhood. Always great food and great service.
5	during a work conference in PHX, we found this place on yelp while suffering through 2 days of 8 hour lectures. we liked that it was close to the venue, it was quick, and they offered all their wraps and salads with the substitution of tofu. it's been about a month, so i don't recollect what i ordered, but apparently it was so good, we ate there for lunch both days. service was really friendly and fast. the cucumber water was delightful. prices were average and the size of our wraps was enough to keep us full.
