5	This is the most self-inflicted adrenaline I've felt since bungee jumping.First, let me say that guns scare the crap out of me. I don't even like being near a police officer with a holstered weapon... so walking into a shop full of assault rifles is like my adult version of a horror movie.  Still, I was with 5 other guys who were up for the adventure, so I got hold of my nerves and jumped into the breach.We paid $110 each for some version of a party package that gave each of us the chance to shoot (a) a clip full on each of 4 different machine guns and (b) 2 rounds from a 50 caliber desert eagle handgun. For all those boys (and girls) out there who grew up with plastic guns or even shooting a rifle out somewhere at a range, it's fair to say that this is in a whole different league.For the machine guns, we chose the Uzi, Mac-10, M-5 and Grease Gun. The M-5 and Grease Gun were scarily easy and accurate to shoot, whereas the Uzi and Mac-10 felt a bit more wild but were fun just because they show up so often in the gangster movies.The Desert Eagle handgun was intense. I'm not a big guy, so this thing felt like I could barely hang onto it. Still, we were able to shoot it with remarkable accuracy and the whole thing just served as a good reminder that it's awfully easy to kill people with guns.Let me also give credit where it's due to the guys who run this place. When I first heard about shooting machine guns in Vegas, I started to imagine a bunch of drunk guys all standing next to one another with loaded weapons and well, the potential for very bad things. That is not what really happens here. On the Saturday we were in, the Center was staffed by four very friendly but experienced ex-servicemen who make it clear that they have been around the block a few times. Out on the range, we were only with our 6 friends and we were accompanied by two staff members, one of whom is assigned to each weapon. They also stand right behind the the active weapon with a hand up, in a gesture that's comforting to both the shooter and those around him.  I think it would be easy and probably natural for the staff here to look down on us yuppie types from NY and SF, but we never felt that. To me that in itself was impressive.And last but not least, Dave, the guy who I'd guess to be the owner, regaled us with his personal stories shooting each of these weapons in active duty (e.g., "Oh, you think that 50 caliber is loud in there? One time I was being chased down an alleyway in Sierra Leone when...")  In any event, this is a fantastic option for those looking to branch beyond the casino while in Vegas. So head on in and hear the rest of Dave's stories for yourself.
5	pow ! ! !
3	I've shot my share of guns (see http://www.yelp.com/biz/bullseye-precision-indoor-shooting-range-san-rafael). I came here with a bachelor party. We did the $110 package for 12 guys.The guys running the shop seemed to be arguing with each other a lot. Maybe that's why they like guns? Anyways, I thought the guns looked pretty worn out. The ear protection they gave folks using the range sucked, my ears hurt the entire time. We shot the uzi, thompson, two other automatic weapons, and a dessert eagle hand gun. The bachelor shot the grenade launcher, but don't get your hopes up, they don't give you a real grenade, it's more of a shot gun shell fired from a grenade launcher ($35 bucks a shot).Best quote from the gun store, there always is one... We were selecting a target for the grenade launcher, and pointed at the Ossama Bin Ladin poster. The guy from the store says, "you mean Obama poster?"Decent place to bring a group of guys looking to get out of the casinos. I recommend getting a limo for a big group since it's hard to get cabs back from this place.
4	I had a blast here during a recent bachelor party.  We shot four machine guns: an Uzi, an M-16, a Thompson (tommy gun) and a sound-suppressed MAC-10.  We also shot a Desert Eagle.There were 12 of us total and we each paid $110.  It's a lot of money but seems reasonable considering 4 machine gun clips each (20 or so rounds, I'd guess) and that we didn't have to load them ourselves (which would've been painful and time consuming).The guns were great.  The Uzi was smooth, the M-16 even smoother.  You can really tell why it's used extensively by militaries around the world - accurate, fast, little kick-back.  The MAC-10 was fine, and the tommy gun was...a trip.  It really felt like you were firing a 70 year old piece of engineering.  Slow, imprecise, but fun.The Desert Eagle was sort of unpleasant for me.  It was actually too large to comfortably grip and pull the trigger.  Firing something that powerful I want to feel like I can control it.Michael S. makes some good points about this epic gun range - the rental weapons are a little beat, the staff is a little...you know, off, but that's to be expected at a gun range and the guns did work just fine.  I do wish the hearing protection they offered was a little higher quality.  I also would've loved if some of the fancier semi-autos were available for shooting.On balance, this place is a great resource.  It's the only time I've been able to fire these types of weapons, it was run by reasonably cool, if liberal-hating, dudes, and I didn't have to spend half my time loading massive clips.
4	Came here to shoot Automatic Machine Guns for my bachelor party and what a blast (literally)!  We also did the $110 package where you get four machine guns and the Desert Eagle.  Staff was friendly and very knowledgeable.  Almost scary knowledgeable!  There were 7 of us and we were in there a little bit over an hour.  Their show room is filled with every kind of gun imaginable!  Sniper rifles, grenade launchers, shot guns, and hand guns.This is the first time I have ever shot a gun and what a way to start!
5	BAP BAP BAP BAP BAP BAP BAP BAP BAPBAP BAP BAP BAP BAP BAP*click* *click* *click*Best BANG for the buck:  for $110/person, choose 4 guns + 2 rounds with a .50 caliber desert eagle- minimum 5 people. We chose the UZI, M16, and a couple others (WWII era I think). I wanted to choose ak47 but they didn't have it at the time.The staff is really knowledgeable and friendly- they're all ex-marines or other branches of military. BEST MOMENT EVER: Everyone watching me and the instructor standing right behind me with his hand over my head as little ol' me shot off the over-powering desert eagle. The recoil is CRAZY! Seriously.Are you a high roller with $$$ to burn and tons of patience? for 15k and a 6 month background check, apparently you can shoot off a rocket launcher.
4	A fun stop on a Vegas excursion.  Staff was friendly and patient with a group of newbs.  I chose the glock, tommy gun, and desert eagle 50 cal.  Desert eagle is a monster.  A worthwhile stop when you're in vegas.
4	Overall a fun experience but short lived.Of all of the machine gun-rental gun ranges I researched in Las Vegas for my boys bachelor party, this was one of the few that actually responded to my emails and had one of the lowest priced party package machine gun rentals.My buddies and I went for the $110 Party package which comes with one magazine each person for 4 machine guns + two shots of the 50 caliber Desert Eagle. The regular price is about double this but with two magazines instead of 1 but I figure this would be good enough since we were on a budget.Michael is helpful some has lots of crude and sometimes rude jokes. I like the older gentleman who helped us. He was a lot more professional.The day we went, their AK-47 was not available. Darn, cause that was the one gun most of us wanted to shoot. Instead we shot the grease gun, MP5, UZI, and a Tech 9. All were fun especially the grease gun.When we left, a group of bachelorettes came in to shoot the machine guns.This place is overall very professional even though it's all dudes. The ladies that came in after us looked like they got treated professionally. They are very fast and efficient but we didn't feel rushed. I even took pictures and videos.The other place I would consider going to as a result of my research is Discount Firearms but they are a little more expensive. The Gun Store did not respond to my emails and when I called, was no help at all.The cons about this place is that there is no SAW. Also which is the same with all the other Vegas gun ranges I found is that you can't just rent a handgun for a day and just pay for bullets for some rec shooting. You have to rent "packages" that come with a limited amount of bullets such as 40 rounds.
5	My wife and I went to Red Rock for our honeymoon. While looking for some exciting things to do we saw a advertisement on a cab top light for "FULL AUTO." Anyway, I yelped it, and explained to her that I read other yelp reviews where people took their wives here and had a good time, and that it wasn't just for dudes. She agreed to go and man did we have a blast. Neither of us ever shot guns before, so it was exhilarating. She went with the coalition package and I went with the Terminator package (features guns from the movie) and also added a AK-47. The instructor was funny and explained to us in fairly brief detail on how to use everything, and did a pretty awesome job of calming us down and making us feel comfortable with his comedy routine. Wifey went first and her expression was priceless after she shot a 9mm for the first time. We were allowed to take photos of us brandishing the weapons after shooting since we purchased the VIP pass. I am so proud that my wife can say she shot a M249 SAW, and I have the video to prove it. After that we went to the pinball hall of fame, still pumped on adrenaline. Fucking awesome experience. Anyone who goes to Vegas should try this at least once in a lifetime. Your cash is way better spent here than at a slot machine, trust me.
5	Went for a bachelor trip, and  I must say , I now feel like 2x the man I was before shooting a fully auto rifle. The feeling of running through a full mag at full auto is something that has to be experienced at least once.The guys are pretty funny w/ their shtick, making all the better.My friend chose the desert eagle, and the guy asks if hes ever shot a gun before, to which he replies "no," and he asks "why the hell would you start with this one?"Shot the followingm16 9mm- fun, accurate, a little kickmp5 9mm- really fun to shoot, less kick, jammed a few times which sucked.hk .45 supressed handgun- not bad, not awesome. silencer didnt do much, dont pay extra for supressed guns. not worth it.tactical 12 gauge shotgun- this thing bucks. my shoulder still hurts. not much point to shooting a shotgun at a indoor range, ide skip this one next time.stick to the full auto machine guns, and everyone who shot the desert eagle seemed pretty happy.Go here and tear shit up.Now i need to buy a gun.
5	All you tourists looking to shoot fully automatics but can't deal with the hype of the gun store this is the spot to head. The guys here work regularly with tourists AND locals. From what I remember, cheaper too.Very patient and good natured, friendly guys working here. They sell packages with t shirts and all that of course, or you can just rent a specific gun It is pretty close to the strip a quick 15 minute drive, depending on where you are but well worth it if you have a rental for a day.
5	**Sorry I'm posting so late I went May 28th** No lies, we came to Vegas to celebrate 2 bdays, but I came just so I can visit This Gun Range. This was TOO fun! I got the $80 package (#3). I chose an M16 & Glock .45 pistol. The M16 was great because it made up for me not joining the Air Force. But geez the glock full filled my police officer on a drug bust fantasy lol. The first shot scared me but I sucked in my chest, squeezed my hands tighter & blasted off! The experience goes fast, but the staff is nice, informative & extremely attentive to all parties. The icing is getting to keep your target which let me say Mine looks great lol. It was affordable & great!!!! Side note: Ladies, when it comes to this place PLEASE don't act like Punks! Get your a*s out there & shoot a gun; man up, drink a Muscle Milk, stand up straight & be aggressive. Support your Guy, don't be a baby, accuse him of being violent & all that other B.S. women tend to do. I guarantee if you let him go 1st then get G.I. Jane on everyone second, you'll reap the rewards later if you know what I mean ::wink wink::
4	Prior to our Vegas visit I did a lot of research--trying to get "more bang for the buck". You gotta remember that you're going to shoot through ammo FAST in any automatic weapon, so the most magazines for the price is of critical importance. Of those I researched  I contacted three 'automatic shooting ranges' in Las Vegas and the Las Vegas Gun Range was the only one to respond. As of July 2010, they also had the best rates for the amount of ammo and the number of automatic guns you could shoot. (I was not interested in semi-auto handguns)Of their many shooting packages, we paid $200 (2nd highest) for the 5 automatic rifles and 2 magazines each. They have a $400 package that included handguns (Desert Eagle, .44 Magnum) that we did not choose. The range was well-staffed (7 in the store when we were there at 10am) by knowledgeable and friendly staff.  Everybody was pretty laid back and all were "packing" (mostly custom Kimbers).If anything, they were all perhaps too relaxed.Shooting was a bit of a disappointment with all of the guns experiencing malfunctions (stove pipes or incomplete ejections). It would have been easy to be mad except they threw-in a sixth gun and many more magazines of ammo!On the plus side, unlike any of the other places, we were able to *share* the package, with each of us shooting a magazine through each gun.  (2 guys, 6 autos firing 1 magazine each.)When we were done they talked with us about the guns and even offered to call us a cab back to our hotel (which they did and it arrived pretty quickly--LVGR it's not far off of the strip)NOTE: Las Vegas Gun Range is NOT the most advertised Gun Range in Sin City. In fact, the "Gun Store" is advertised EVERYwhere--placards on top of cabs, and even bikini wearing hotties holding weapons standing on the medians in the middle of the strip!While I'm all for sexy girls and guns, it was the many negative reviews and their exorbitant prices that kept us AWAY from the Gun Store and steered us to the Las Vegas Gun Range.Cost+Service+Gun Selection= 5 starsMalfunctions+okay range quality+Lackadaisical attitude= 3 starsAverage: 4 stars
5	cool guns, cool guys working here, and reasonble prices for the packages.  makes me wish california had the same relaxed gun laws as nevada - there is such a thing as the 2nd amendment.
4	Very cool staff.  Nice facility.  Easy to find.  I should have called ahead to see what guns were available because I really wanted a M-16, AK, or MP5.  You have to choose from what is on the rental shelf...not the awesome hardware around the store.If you are a novice, no worries...they walk you through everything.
3	Quick & easy right around the corner.
4	Friggin. Bad. A**. There's something satisfying about squeezing off a few rounds from a fully automatic machine gun.We chose the M-16, the Uzi, and Mr. 9mm. They have some funny (if a little disturbing) targets to choose from, but I just used the standard human silhouette. Admittedly the cost-to-minutes-of-fun ratio is high. Our shooting experience lasted about 10 minutes and cost $80 each. But whatever, you can lose that in a few bad hands of blackjack.We had the most fun in the "fake gun room" afterward, where you can pose and take pictures with real looking plastic versions of the guns you just shot.I'm subtracting a star for two reasons: First, it took a couple minutes before we got the "may I help you" offer from anyone. Second, the place is downright intimidating. Let me explain: the waiver/questionnaire they have you fill out is totally self reporting. If you ask me, it's not a real thorough screening process to identify the Southern Nevada wackos before you put a rifle in their hands. "Y'all aint crazies is yas? No? Cool. Here's yer gun." No joke, that's why the employees are packing at all times. The instructor that helped us even admitted he comes to work everyday thinking "please don't let me die today."
4	This was the 2nd time I came out here and both times were Super Fun! You might have to wait as the place does get packed with large groups. If you have a group of 4-6 it's perfect as your group might be the only group at the range. The have a wide selection of machine guns and hand guns to shoot. The only draw back is the price! It can get pretty expensive for a short time popping off rounds. The staff is friendly and are always willing to answer any questions about the many guns they have.If you come out here, you definitely have to try shooting a machine gun, Desert Eagle or the Shotty!!!Bring your wallet packages cost about $50-$80 to shoot a machine gun and a hand gun...
5	Loved it.  I'm against guns like you probably are, but once I visited here I just had a perverted smile for a while.  You HAVE to try the Desert Eagle.-- Cost --The taxi ride is about $25 to get there one way and packages go from $40-300.  The $80 package will let you try a machine gun and a hand gun.  So say you share a cab with a few people, you're looking at about $100-110.-- Tip --+ While you're waiting, play with the store dog.  He likes to stomp on shadows.  So make shadows and see.+ Go into the closet looking room to take pictures with fake machine guns+ If you get the machine gun, just let it run.  It's not satisfying to shoot a little, aim, shoot a little, aim, shoot a little.  Just let it fire all the way.  It's short, but the best feeling.+ My recommendation is to do Package #4 which is a machine gun and a Desert Eagle for $80.-- Details of What happens --1. Go there on a taxi, the hotel clerk will recommend the Tropicana shooting range because it's closer, but taxi driver will tell you LV Gun Range is further and way less crowded.  Taxi drivers also like the long drive2. Get there, fill out a form saying you don't have mental problems3. They will ask you to pick a package and a machine gun/handgun from the back.  Once again, I recommend someone in your group to do the Desert Eagle.  It is a MUST!4. Instructor will give you eye/ear protection and you go to the shooting room5. Only one gun was brought in at a time and the instructor will explain how to hold it and what to expect.6. Target goes up, you shoot7. Instructor compliments or insults your shooting8. Hot women get taken pictures with the guns and posted on their website9. Have store call a cab10. Go home with a perverted smile
4	Let's start with the cons: -Usually busy with people coming from all corners of LV to shoot automatic weapons, so if you're just "browsing" don't be offended when not directly approached to see what you want. -Accessories are overpriced a lot. Unless you need that quad rail, or scope mount right this instant, do yourself and your wallet a favor, and order online. Now for the PRO's -Ruger, the store dog is a gentle giant, and always provides me with entertainment while weathering the crowds . -Great selection of hand guns, rifles, shotguns, etc. Actually great selection of everything from ammo to accessories. -Ammo and gun prices are pretty much on par with what you expect to pay in a privately owned gun store. -Once you do get help, the guys here are awesome. They don't talk down to you and are not pushy at all. -Finally, the reason for the 4th star, I live right around the corner. Call me biased, but I find comfort in the fact that my firearms will never starve for ammo with this shop right around the corner.
3	Not sure why, but shooting fully automatic weapons is good clean fun. It's probably some deep seated primal thing, so don't blame me... blame evolution.This place has all the guns you've been fantasizing about and letting them rip is as cathartic as you'd hope. On a Saturday it was crowded and we did have to spend a lot of time standing around before getting into the range. You don't shoot all by yourself, you're paired with an instructor the whole time, which felt perfectly safe to me though other people in our group were more nervous about the minimal instructions and training.The guns weren't gleaming (our m16 jammed a bunch of times), but mostly worked as advertised. Some of the staff was super friendly while other folks were more surly. Definitely a fun day-time activity and while not perfect or cheap this range gets the job done.
4	Part of the last Vegas trip was centered around firing an automatic weapon.  Though there are billboards around town for another establishment, I did some Yelp research and decided on this place.  I think I chose well.We found the building easily enough about 5 miles south of the strip on Decatur.  Watch for the building on your right, however, because if you pass it you will have to do about 5 u-turns (or two illegal ones) in order to get back.  It was a bit busy when we arrived, but the others quickly left and we selected our package deal and which weapons we would shoot.  We also purchased some additional targets and ammo since I brought some 1911's for us to shoot.We fired an AR-15 (chambered in 9mm) and the venerable Tommy Gun (in .45ACP).  We had 2 magazines for each weapon - which is somewhere between 50 and 60 rounds for each person.  The AR was more accurate and had a better sighting system, but the Thompson was more fun.  Interestingly, it fired from an open bolt position.In the next lane someone was firing the .50 cal Desert Eagle.  OMG.  This thing had more concussion than a .44mag (with a bit less barrel flame).  Next time I wanna put a couple of mags through that!The employees were friendly, and very safety minded.  My friend had very little experience with firearms but was impressed with the way that everyone had safety in mind and there were no "crazies."
5	Ok so my bf dragged me -- both of our first times to shoot a gun. The guys who work there are not intimidating. You can tell they love their job -- which is kind of crazy ... aka, handing a bunch of amateurs loaded guns.This is the place to go. Good prices. Great staff. Interesting experience. (He loved it!!!!! I'm still on the fence on the gun thing) ... I will say ladies -- do NOT wear a v-neck shirt. Shell casing bounce off and yeah, you get hit. They are hot for a second. Well, one casing went down my v-neck shirt and I had burns! It was awful. (kinda funny cuz I was freaking out with a loaded gun; well not really lol) ...If you want to shoot, go here.
5	Went on a Sunday afternoon & there was a group of guys waiting to go together but since it was just me & my boyfriend wanting to shoot in 1 lane together, the guys working at the store let us go first. :) While waiting 2 minutes for our instructor, I was sweetly greeted by the German Shepard in the store that wanted a belly rub. lol He/She was so cute nudging his/her nose against my leg when I stopped rubbing his/her belly. teheheWe chose to do the most popular package they had which was #3 which was $80 per person & that included 1 pistol rental w/ 2 magazines & 1 machine gun with 2 magazines full of bullets as well. I was BEYOND thrilled when the guy behind the counter, packing up my lil basket full of magazines & a pair of shooting glasses, gave me PINK ear muffs. I squealed, "Yay!! I get pink ear muffs?!" & the other guys that came in a group laughed at me. :P  I really love that this gun range is prepared to welcome female customers. :DI think the name of the guy that loaded our guns for us and gave us instructions was Rod. He was really friendly & happy to help us. I was pretty nervous as it was my 1st time shooting a real gun & the 1st gun I chose was a freakin machine gun which was the MP5. I was really excited though because we dont have those fully automatic MP5 guns in CA legally & also Rod was awesome & really clear on explaining everything (It was really short & simple) & every time I followed through on Rod's tips, I shot bullseyes. :D The handgun I chose to shoot was a M9 Beretta & that was a lot of fun to shoot...maybe because I hit more bullseyes on the target poster w/ the pistol than I did on the previous target poster with the MP5. haha But the whole experience was awesome! My boyfriend & I had such a blast. :D My boyfriend chose the M16 machine gun & the M9 Beretta. This was also his 1st time shooting a real gun but he hit like ALL bullseyes on his target poster with the M9 Beretta!! Rod was like, "Are you sure you never shot a gun before?" LOL The M16 was freakin' crazy and some of the shells were flying back at me as I was trying to take pictures. hahaIf you're in Vegas, I definately recommend shooting at the range here & ask for Rod! :D Great experience for sure!!
5	Great place, MP5 was an excellent choice. Will be back for sure.
3	Had a great time with my buddies and definitely worth doing on a bachelor trip or something.  The venue is a bit ghetto, but hey, we're there to shoot guns.  I got my hands on a M-16, MP5 and D-eagle.  You can't help but to respect the power.  I was most impressed with the desert eagle.  Basically, you can choose from various packages, which is helpful for novices.  Had fun, but it's not cheap.  Also, watch out for one of the guys who seemed a bit off his rocker.  Kinda felt like he shouldn't be allowed to own a gun, let alone to work at a gun range.
5	When David G suggested shooting guns while we were in Vegas this past weekend, I was all over it!  Little did I know that the experience would plant a seed for a second career for me....We initially went to The Gun Store, where we were greeted by a cute and friendly girl set up in a booth outside the place.  She explained the packages, and then set us up to shoot.  However when we walked inside we saw a HUGE line, not visible from outside the place.  When I went back out to ask her how long the wait would be, she told me 2 1/2 hours.  I guess Sunday afternoons are the wrong time to expect anything less, but booo!!Impatient to shoot, we called this place and headed directly here after friendly Cody quoted a much shorter wait time.The vibe is WAY different here - more straightforward.  The first place is a little more glossy and Vegas-y feeling, with the cute girls working there, and taxis dropping off and picking up in front.  Conversely at this place, I was the only female around and the guys working here felt like salty ex-cops.  I personally like more straightforward, so this is the place I'd choose to come back to, knowing what I know now.The line was rather short, but our wait was still about 45 minutes.  I'm not complaining - I'll take that compared to 2 1/2 hours any day!As we waited, we could see into the range, so it was entertaining.  One of the packages they had included a t-shirt with a bullseye that you actually shoot - so you can wear your hole-y trophy later, lol!David chose the manly Glock 9mm handgun that came with 30 rounds for $40, and I chose the sleek Walther P22 that came with 10 rounds $25.  After giving us ear and eye protection, we were walked into the 6-lane range area.  A few moments of brief instructions to both of us on how to hold the gun and aim, and David was set up to shoot.  There's a lot of testosterone in the air on that range, I tell ya!  Standing close enough to get hit by David's flying shells is kinda scary, and kinda neato at the same time : P.When David was done, our guy set up my smaller and closer target, and reviewed how to hold the gun and aim.  I'm super proud of myself because I hit the bullseye on my first shot!  Woohoo!!  Contrary to the rules at The Gun Store, this place let me stop a few rounds before the end of my ammo so that I could let David try my cool ass gun out too.  I think I could really get into having a super secret second career as an assasin, and carry around a Walther P22 with a silencer on it.  I felt like Le Femme Nikita shooting it!  Why can't I get paid to do it?So next time we come back, I'll choose that same gun but wear a little black dress and spike heels to shoot it.  Heehee!!
5	Holy cow, what an adrenalin rush! chose this over other ranges in Vegas due to yelp. AND THANK YOU!  monday morning, the lines was very min.  chose the pkg 4, where we got to pick a machine gun, M16 Commando and the Dessert Eagle, big bad assed gun-scary.  It was my first time shooting, the machine gun went great and now I am addicted. Dessert Eagle made me feel like a total badass gunslinger.  Want to go back for sure.  Gets my heart thumping everytime I think about that Dessert Eagle. take a cab, $30 with tip from the strip. Then they call a cab when you are done.  There is a fun room where you first sign the waiver, it holds some fake guns, great posing for pics while waiting for cab.  the rest of the store is fantastic, guns of all kinds. even pink ones.
4	Decided to come here after trying out The Gun Store, and finding they had a 2.5 hour wait.  This place had a more laid-back atmosphere (if you could say that about a place with machine guns firing on the range).  They make you sign a waiver stating that you don't use illegal drugs and are not off your rocker.  We also had to leave our name and address on said waiver.  After signing the waiver, we waited in line for about 45 minutes, then chose our weapons for rental, paid, handed off the waivers and selected our targets.  I chose the "hostage situation" target, for a slightly extra fee.  My weapon was a Glock 9mm.  I chose this one because I was allowed 30 rounds for $40, and it was not classified an "exotic" such as a 45 magnum, or a .50 Desert Eagle, which was an extra fee.  WHile waiting we were entertained by others who had chosen to try various exotics and machine guns.  When it was our turn, we put on our "eyes & ears" (eye and ear protection), and entered the range through the heavy door.  After some brief instruction on how to hold the weapon and how to aim, we put up our targets and let loose.  My gun jammed a couple of times, but being a rental I'm sure it's been through plenty of abuse.  The range employee expertly cleared the jam and let me continue to practice averting the hostage crisis situation.Some things to remember:Always point your weapon down-range.Stay behind the yellow line that marks the range entrance door's pathDon't freak out if you are using the bathrooms and hear a loud bang!  The toilets are pretty close to the firing range and guns really ARE that loud.
4	These guys are great.  I've been here twice now on bachelor parties and they've always treated us great.  Very helpful and never make you feel dumb for knowing nothing about the guns.  They will cater to your video game-fueled interests but jokingly mock you along the way.Rates are awesome: $40 for handguns, $50 for full automatics, $80 for one of each! If you're not shooting you can still go in the range to take pictures of your friends wildly missing the target with an M16.  Or just take pictures holding various weapons to document your brief moment of awesomeness to share with your cubicle-mates.
5	When I first told my friends I was going to Vegas for the first time. One of them told me, "You love shooting, they have a range you can fire full auto." Of course I went to look to see what I could find about fully automatic fun! Thanks to Yelp, and many of the reviewers on here, I know I picked the right place. Yes, it's further off the strip, but so what, it was totally worth it! My wife and I arrived at 9AM Monday morning, right as they opened. I had made reservations based on other reviews, but I'll be honest it wasn't necessary on a Monday morning. However, I've been told my experience isn't typical. We had no wait. They have a pretty impressive selection of firearms to choose from that you can rent, but let's face it... You really just want to get your hands on a fully automatic and let your inner child out. It was easy for me when we arrived. I've wanted to fire a fully automatic Thompson sub machinegun since I was a kid. I went with my sights locked onto that, and that's all I wanted to fire. Most of the other stuff they had I either own, have fired or had no interest in firing. My wife wasn't exactly sure what she wanted, but she ended up choosing the HK MP5K. I think she wanted to be part of Seal Team 6. I've had years of extensive firearm training and I taught my wife, so I really understood and appreciated the fact that before they even let you get your hands on one of their firearms they give you a brief rundown on firearms safety, proper shooting position and technique. We didn't really need it, but let's be honest; you can never be too safe. Plus just because I say I have it, doesn't mean that I do and it's in their best interest to go over it again. After the walk through on the rules and instructions, the employee took us out on the range. He explained the firearm and told me what to expect, gave me some more pointers and then let me have fun. WOWI wanted a Thompson before... now I'm on the quest to find one... If only could get a class three FFL! After me it was my wife's turn. She's shot AK's and even my Mosin M44, but when she let go of that first burst off that MP5K, she giggled like a little girl. She was tearing up the target when the instructor had her stop and advised her to "Just hold the trigger back and let your inner Rambo out." I'm telling you guys, there is nothing better than watching a beautiful woman fire a fully automatic weapon!I know people are going to go here for the fun of shooting full auto. Yes, you can hold the trigger and drain the magazine and that's fine... you won't hit much and chew up their ceiling, but it is fun! If you want to make the fun last, take your time and aim, doing shorter bursts... at least for the first mag so you can get a good feel of the firearm. Either way, you still want to just open up and drain half a mag just for the giggle factor! If you plan on shooting in Vegas, this is place to go! It cost me $25.00 from the MGM Grand via cab. They'll call you one to get back if you didn't already have one ready to pick you up. Definitely worth it!
4	Bang bang pow!Big fan of this place.  Recently had the chance to go here the other week.  My previous experience at a gun ranges were ones only located in California.  Obviously the selection can be somewhat limited but this is not the case here.  Vegas gun ranges are above and beyond any California gun range.  This location has a lot of guns to shoot to your heart's desire.  We tried 3 guns (MP5, M16, and M79).  Although I must note, with the grenade launcher, you are not actually launching grenades.  Its just a shotgun shell placed inside a grenade shell.  A little disappointing but I can understand why they did that for safety reasons. The rentals and ammo were relatively cheap compared to other ranges.  Packages are definitely the way to go if you're looking for variety.  Staff was really nice too, very chill and pretty much talked about random stuff.  Nothing brings men together like firing off a few rounds right?  Definitely a positive experience at this place with a very friendly staff!
5	Jeff who works there is awesome, knowledgeable and is a cool guy. If he doesn't know the answer to your question, one of his other coworkers will know it. I was able to order a firearm with a threaded barrel here where I could not make such a transaction down the road at Bass Pro Shop at Silverton. Make note of this people in case you want some form of tactical pistol that uses a threaded barrel. This is a nice off the strip location for shooting firearms. Most people go to The Gun Store off East Tropicana because it is widely advertised but this is a good one that I put up there with American Shooter off of Spring Mountain & Arville.
3	Great for tourist, nice range good selection of firearms to rent, pretty straightforward no vegas glitter.  Prices are steep, friend of mine bought a pocket pistol from them (didn't find out she wanted one til after the purchase) which they added an extra $300. Gunbroker has them at $270 - $300 These guys charged her total of $600 for everything, guess it was cuz she was a normal woman new to guns, easy prey for a gun salesman.
1	Good for Tourists but not locals. We went in with our own guns, own ammo and everything else. They aren't making any money off of us, so they were very rude and pretty much "shoooed" us away. It's a very small unorganized, ghetto, dirty, pawn shop, used car salesman attitude type of enviornment. We're no ameteaurs and this place is a dump! I don't like it here at all. Bad managementAvoid it! Go somewhere else like American Shooters.
3	This place is great in the sense that you get to shoot semi-automatic weapons. The trainer stands next to you at all times and you get a good kick out of it.My only issue is the price. For the same amount of money that you spend at this place in Vegas, you get a lot more guns and amo in the Los Angeles area. However, I do have to recognize their guns were semi-automatic, which made the bullets fly by quicker.
3	So after reading all the mixed reviews about The Gun Store and wanting to avoid touristy spots I chose to come here when I was in Vegas celebrating my birthday. It was ok, less crowded, small, and the people were a little standoff-ish. But the guy who serviced me was cute and he had a coupon on hand when I asked him about their advertisement. I shot a AK, and a Desert Eagle. Prices were steep, but that's what I expected for the niche they were trying to offer. Plus only place you can fire fully-auto weapons, so they can charge a little more. It's good for a one time deal, but not as a regular spot, LA has way better pricing and bigger ranges for regular shooting.
1	I decided to buy a new Viridian Green laser from this store as they allowed me to transfer a deposit from a rifle I had to cancel due to neck injury & surgery. I did this as I felt i owed them for inconvenience. Jeff ordered from their supply catalog and didn't write a separate receipt. The following week I picked up my laser & when opened at home found it didn't look right so called Viridian and explained. Manual was not original & battery was Duracell instead of Viridian green battery, there were also numerous scratch marks on screw & allen heads with buff marks on housing, Viridian said this was suspicious & didn't sound as if was new.Took the item back and Owner would not look at it, so I explained what I found and he said you bought it, it's yours. He also stated it was shrink wraped, but most stores have means to rewrap retuned items this way. I said I would picket store & he said go ahead. I paid $82.56 over MSRP but guess this is what they do to older veterans but I won't be cheated like this so will soon picket this unrecommended local business. I will be 81 next month and health is spotty plus, I am a trusting person, no excuse I know, but that's the facts. Buyer Beware!
2	This is a very overpriced retail store and shooting range.  I recommend you do not purchase anything here until you call American Shooters and the gun Store first to check prices. I try to support my local retailers, but they are charging 3-4 times more than their online competitors.  Even though they have a fairly large selection the store is dirty, unorganized, and the staff needs a serious lesson in customer service.  If you are looking to purchase I recommend American Shooters, and if you are interested in renting and shooting full auto try The Gun Store.
2	Way too expensive for shooting guns.  They do you have some pretty cool assault rifles that I haven't seen elsewhere, but $40 for 50 rounds of a glock 9mm is overpriced.  For $50 you get 2 magazines of an assault rifle.  My friend shot an M4 w/ a red dot sight, just like in Modern Warfare. It took about 1 min for him to finish both rounds.
4	We had wanted to go to the Gun Store (on Tropicana) but our cabbie stated that there was already a 2-hour wait.  He recommended the LV Gun Range - a little further, but no waiting - which we accepted.  I'm glad we did.  Small place, feels kind of cramped, but the 5 of us were the only ones there, and the staff was very helpful.  I did the Combat Shooter package, which included M16, MP5, suppressed .45 pistol, and the 12-gauge shotgun.  A little expensive, but fun.  I find it odd that they handle the weapons at all times except when you fire, but that's a minor issue.
5	One of the things that my wife said we had to do while in Las Vegas was shoot a machine gun at the ranges available there. After doing some research, we found this range which is no more than ten minutes away from the strip via taxi.When we arrived there was no waiting time, just like they said when we called to check. I chose the package that had the desert eagle and machine gun and my wife chose the combo package that included a machine gun and handgun of your choice. We have both been shooting in Australia but the range of guns here is extensive and had a great time shooting with guns that we will never get the chance to back in Oz. The experience was fantastic! The gentleman, John, who instructed us was great to deal with and answered all the questions we had and ensured that the entire experience was something we will never forget, in which we never will - thanks John!
5	Was in Vegas a few months ago, and saw a sign on the side of the bus for "The Gun Store"...where you could fire machine guns...something we Californian's can really do easily.  So, back in Vegas, talked the group I was working with to go check it out.  Got on the phone, and was told "90 minute wait"...WTF?So yelped away, and found Las Vegas Gun Range and Firearms Center.  Called them, and yes, they have tons of different types of machine guns, and their wait time was about 12 seconds.  SOLD.We got there, and a pretty funny range master went over the program with us.  We all decided to sign up for the "party special"....we each would shoot four different machine guns (burning a 50 rd clip through each), and then a Desert Eagle - finishing off with a competition amongst the group with said DE.We first fired an HK MP5....the guys I was with let loose like crazy....it was like watching a bunch of six year old boys taste candy for the first time.:-)I cheated.....I fired off three round bursts so that I'd actually do some damage to the target (and yeah, I did).We then moved on to an M16, an M3A1, and finally a Gustav M45...a funky little machine gun that stays stable when firing (usually the muzzle will want to walk up...this one doesn't).We moved on to the Desert Eagle 44 Magnum....heavy, but incredibly stable.  So after dusting the boys in the competition (they were still high on that adrenaline rush), I claimed my prize....a t-shirt that says "Infidel" in english and arabic....NOT something I'll be wearing around CA.....Bottom line....a VERY cool little range, cheaper than The Gun Store, you don't have the outrageous wait times, and DEFINITELY worth the cab ride out.
1	This shop is not too far from our house  and my husband and I have been a few times. Each time I always question why we come here. First off their gun range is super expensive. We can go to Bass Pro at the Silverton or American Shooter Supply on Arville for a lot cheaper! On top of astronomical range fees, you have to use their ammo which means a simple trip can be super expensive.  My biggest complaint, though, with this shop is the disrespectful attitudes towards their customers. The last time I was in the shop one of the employees was acting very rude towards a customer I could tell had never handled a handgun before. He was talking down at him, berating him, and I felt like the employee was trying to make this customer look stupid. It was clear the man was nervous around guns and had no idea what he was doing and the courteous thing would have been to take him aside or at least lower your voice and keep your sarcastic remarks to yourself. The employee made sure to make this gentlemen look as ignorant as possible while making himself look like "the man." He at one point even slapped the man's hand on the gun. It really put a bad taste in my mouth and sealed the fact that my husband and I will never again give this store our business. I would rather take my business somewhere that treats customers with respect. Also, a note for female shooters, prepare to be treated like you know nothing about weapons. Every time I have been in I have been talked down to and shown only pink guns or small revolvers. I am proud to say that I carry a 9mm Springfield and don't need to be asked if I can pull back the slide on an automatic. In essence, never coming here again.
3	Very cool Armored Car sitting out front. Kinda grimy looking on the inside, but because of the huge selection and cool staff (especially Cody) I'd come back here in a heartbeat. He helped us track down a hard-to-find piece of equipment.
4	Bought my gun here a few years ago. Brought my son to shoot a machine gun here a few weeks ago. IF I had more $ I'd buy a bunch of guns and ammo! Not took busy. They've been there a long time back when blue diamnod wasn't so busy. It should be less busy and cheaper to shoot than the famed "gun store" on Tropicana
4	I went into Las Vegas Gun Range for the first time today. I knew what I was looking for and I glanced into the display case for less than a minute before a young man named Cody approached me, greeted me warmly and asked if I needed help.I told him what I was looking for and although he wasn't 100% positive if he had what I wanted in the display cases, he asked another store employee in the back room whom politely went to the display cases and retrieved three different variations of the Smith & Wesson I was looking for.I was allowed to hold, look, check, examine and try out the Smith & Wesson I was interested in. When I said I wanted to shoot it before deciding if I wanted to purchase it, I was taken directly to the range and allowed to fire it with zero pressure from the staff.Cody was encouraging and never spoke down to me. He was very respectful towards me and quite polite. I decided to purchase the Smith & Wesson, I was pleased with the price.  While others may have had different experiences, I had a completely positive experience. I will return in the future.
5	I took a buddy of mine and his son who is leaving for basic training in 2 weeks here to have some fun and thats what we got, pure rock and roll fun! Ya the full auto rentals are a little spendy but so what, its a niche they fill well. The staff was great, friendly and respectful. Tons of guns in there, its just awesome! I think its funny that most of the negative reviews are from Californians......
5	Before going to the Las Vegas Gun Range, I had never shot a gun. I had never even held a gun. Hell, I don't even like guns! I'm Canadian, what do you expect?! But, I was in Vegas with my husband and another couple and we decided to get wild and crazy and shoot a machine gun in the good old US of A. (we have gun ranges in Canada, but not machine guns!)We had happened to drive by this place earlier so this is where we went. There are guns all over the walls and in glass cases, but don't ask me about any of them. We decided to be cheap and went for the cheapest package, which was shooting one machine gun with however much ammo for $50. At first our husbands were just going to split that package, as they just wanted to try it out and not be shooting guns all day. We were dealing with a really nice guy at the counter named Dave. He took our husbands in and they shot. Then he asked if we wanted to try it out and we decided to go for it. He had some extra ammo for us and didn't even charge us for it. I admit I was a bit nervous before the whole thing, but Dave was an extremely soothing man and I felt like he was a trustworthy person to be around. He was patient when explaining to me how to use the machine gun. And wow, what an exhilarating experience that was! I can definitely say I've never had that feeling before. After we were done, we took some of the prop guns outside and Dave took some wicked photos of us in front of the Las Vegas sign painted on the side of their building. It was a great experience for all of us and one I can recommend! Oh, and they have a really cute German Shepherd named Luger that is very calm and friendly.
1	They wanted to sell me a Ruger SR9 for 499.99 a new one averages about 459.00 new every where else. Run don't walk that's a huge rip off.
5	Recently visited this range during business trip and couldnt believe how incredible the staff was. This place was so great, they were so attentive, i didnt wait on lines or feel rushed and had a truly wonderful experience with huge selection. Their competitor doesnt even compare. (waited on line 3 hrs for 20mins)Go here for sure!!!
5	We drove to Vegas just to go to this gun range because of the reviews, so thank you for reviewing everyone! When we walked in, the two guys standing on the left side of the shop didn't seem too happy to see us, I'm not sure why but we were ready to shoot for the first time! We were introduced to France! Loved the name and he was an awesome person! I took my fiance here for his birthday and for our first time shooting. He was soooo excited, I was terrified! I was able to go into the range with him and I even shot a few times which was totally awesome! And I felt a lot more at ease after going through the saftey instructions. France was a great instructor and made us feel so comfortable. He didn't make me feel like 'a girl'! We would have stayed a lot longer but they were about to close when we were done. We will come back one day and we tell everyone what a great experience we had! Yes it may be a little more expensive then some of the other ranges but I would pay extra if it meant I would have a great experience with great service!
1	Worst customer service ever.  I have recently been getting into shooting, and went to check out the place.  They had some great guns, however the prices were crazy and I never felt so disrespected by an establishment.  I had some questions and the fake commando was extremely short with me, and rolled his eyes every time I had a question (mind you, I'm in retail and I was being polite and not asking too much.)  The phone rang and in the middle of talking with me he just answers the phone... I understand you gotta get the phone, but a simple," hey hold on a sec I gotta get this," or anything just to be polite would do.  After that I started walking out because I didn't even want to deal with the place and I hear the guy talk trash to his co-worker and then have the audacity to ask me, "Really? You're outta here?"It's all good, my hard earned money now goes to American Shooters and I'm glad to recommend them to my friends that are shooters.  Even got 3 different people to switch from here to American Shooters, and they say they'll never go back to Las Vegas Gun Range.
5	These guys are awesome!!!!  I brought my 12 year old and 10 year sons and my 14 year old nephew. Talk about customer service A++++ these guys were patient and very knowledgeable and informative on gun safety. It takes a patient person to handle my boys. I can't wait to go back. thanks for making my day guys.
5	I have been coming to Vegas for 10 years to visit my parents.  I have always said coming to the gun range was on my list.  Well, I finally talked my wife into going on our last trip.  My brother and his wife (locals) were interested as well.  I have never shot a firearm or held one.  We went on a Tues night around 5pm.  We were greeted by the shop dog, Luger, more on him later.  The shop was empty which is something I would expect on a Tues night.  We were introduced to Keith. We told him we just wanted to shoot some hand guns as it was our first time and wanted to check it out.  He showed us what they had and we all chose something different.  He took us to the range, which is about 6 lanes, and gave us a run down on gun safety and how to hold the weapon. We each got 2 clips, he let us unload and load the next clips as well.  Keith was great. You could tell he loves what he does (which I guess is good....and scary) but he was awesome. Fun, friendly, and answered all of our questions. He would give us tips and our shooting and of course we got to keep the targets.  He encouraged us to take lots of pictures as well. They even had fake guns that you can take outside and use for photos next to the small tank and Las Vegas sign.  All in all it was a great experience. I know my brother will be back and I sure will next time we visit.  It really is a must do.Back to Luger.  When we drove up I thought the store was closed. The dog was just standing looking outside. And this is a badass looking military dog.  We walked in and the dog could not have been any friendly.  If you see him, don't worry.  If you ask nicely they will do a demonstration where someone pretends to attack and Luger goes off! From nice to scary as S%&t in 2 seconds. It was pretty amazing how well trained he was. This was a cool shop/store and I encourage everyone to give it a try. Have fun!
1	These guys basically don't want business from locals and their prices gouge tourists. They DO NOT allow any outside ammo - forcing you to pay their prices, which are $25 for 50 rounds of 9mm!!! The service is hit or miss. One person I spoke with was nice and helpful. Another salesperson was flat-out rude. Even if the staff was great I wouldn't go there because of the extremely high prices and ridiculous policies.I would discourage anyone thinking about going here, especially local shooters. There are much better shooting ranges nearby, including The Range 702.
5	My sister and brother-in-law decided to take my dad out for the holidays to the gun range, they were able to pick between packages that included so many rounds, but it was nice that they even offered two separate gun choices instead of just one. Very nice friendly staff, with a cute german shepherd running around the store.
5	I'm not sure how to rate this because I can't compare this to any other gun range as this was my first time shooting, so I'm going to rate it on a scale of 1 to 5 stars for the amount of fun I had. 5 stars all the way. My friends little brother Cody works here, so he was able to help me out and give me tips and instruction on how to shoot and what not. I started out with an M-16, this was a lot of fun, I felt like a hit chick in the mafia. Then I tried a 9 mm which was a totally different feel obviously then M-16, Cody was helpful and gave me pointers, then I tried a Glock, I don't want to toot my own horn, but *toot toot* I have to say I was pretty good if I do say so myself. It was nice to try different handguns so I can decide which to purchase. They offer CCW class here as well I will be taking. $40 for 30 bullets and rental....$30 if you bring your own gun, is the range fee.
5	This place is amazing!! Our son really wanted to shot full automatics and here he got his wish fulfilled.  France was very knowledgeable and nice and he let us video and take lots of pictures.
4	Being my first time at a gun range, I have to rate the Las Vegas Gun Range 4 stars. Yeah 4 stars sounds about right but then again, I don't have a precedent to go on. I mean I've been to one in Wanaka and yes, I shot a 22 calibre bore rifle and shotgun as well but it's nothing compared to this. I can't remember his name but the guy who looked after us was really nice and friendly. I shot a Beretta 9mm and a glock .45 as well. Being a massive of 24, I wanted to have a go at Jack Bauer's weapon of choice: the HK USP Compact 9mm but they didn't have it for rental, which was a shame.It's quite far out from the strip and we were not driving so the cab cost us a bit but I had a great time though. It's an exciting, adrenaline-oozing feeling firing a weapon for the first time and I loved it!I was really looking forward to it prior to going to Vegas and I will definitely go again next time and I'll make sure I save heaps of coin so I can waste all of it and spend more time at the gun range!
4	if you want to shoot and not be by the strip this is a good alternative. Good amount of guns to try out and they even have a nice variety that they sell.  Guys working here are knowledgeable and helpful. Ammo is a bit expensive but i will definetly be back.
1	I generally don't write reviews, so this should add extra emphasis to my disgust to the man 'Jeff' who works here. Jeff possesses the same attitude as many gun store employees, you know, the ones who could never make it into the military or the police force. So they get off on treating people like garbage at a gun store for some reason. Jeff's service was incredibly rude and half way through talking with him he simply walked into the back room and never returned. During my wait to see if Jeff was going to have the gun I was looking to buy, two other employees were ridiculing and holding the middle finger behind another customers back, who was clearly a novice, and asking "too many questions." Keep in mind, this customer that was "so annoying" had just purchased a rare firearm for $1,800....clearly this is not the type of customer this business wants. After some time Jeff returned with more insulting and demeaning looks. I would urge my brothers in the law enforcement and military community to avoid this back alley wanna-be gun store like the plaigue. As they only sell used guns, and offer no law enforcement deals. As it has been mentioned. Tourists only, locals go somewhere who actually wants your business,
4	Exceptional! Not only was there a great selection to choose from and decent, fair prices but Ryan was first rate, informative, helpful and very cordial. He made it more of an "memorable event" for all of us than just a cool experience. Definitely worth the money.
4	Not bad on a non football Sunday. Got right in to break in my pistol. Disappointed they require you to buy 50 rds of their ammo when had already brought my own box of 100. Gets pricey that way. Never the less I fired all 150 rds and I had a good time.  Convenient and close to the I-15 on the south side so definitely might return.
5	Went here for a ccw class. The instructor, Mike was great for how long and dull the material can be. When all else fails turn the AC down to keep people awake..haha      The range was well kept and large enough for alot of people to qualify at once. Can't beat a free ccw class! Good work guys!
1	I am going to agree with Texas Rose and Jack M.  This place is good for tourists but not locals.Had I known what I know now, I would never have done business with them to begin with. They give "Arrogance" a bad name. I had never shot a hand gun, and my friend who is quite good took me there. I found them to be as friendly as a Motor Cycle Cop writing someone a ticket for going 2 miles over the speed limit. I shot a gun I  liked, then they told me they didn't sell it, and I had to buy another model. I later found the hand gun I liked, and bought it somewhere else, for less. All they wanted to do is sell me things that I didn't need, and at a much higher price than anyone else in town.I took my CCW Class there and I did find the instructor to be a good guy. However, during the class one of the store employees came in, and cleaned guns, leaving that nasty solvent smell with 21 others in the room. You are better off finding what you want, going to a place like Bass Pro, where you can test fire it, then finding a great price on line with Cheaper Than Dirt, and picking it up at Big 5. You will save considerable money.As far as a range goes; It is small and very loud. If you are a local you can go to the Clark County Range at the end of Decatur, for $9, shoot as much as you want. You can also buy ammo there for about the same price as Walmart. They have rules, but it's a much more pleasant experience.If you're from New York, California, New Jersey or Hawaii, where you don't get many chances to shoot, than go here. You're on vacation, you won't mind blowing the money, and since you're not serious, you'll never know you are being taken.
5	We (5 guys) did a group package which included one mag for 4 guns and 2 shots with the Desert Eagle. It cost around $125 a person. It was totally worth it. No of us had ever really shot a gun before, but the instructor was awesome. We had a ton of fun. I would recommend anyone to go buy t`he group package if you want to shoot guns in Vegas.
5	I had such a fun time shooting here. I went with my family for Father's Day & it was my first time. I was terrified to shoot a gun but on of the guys who works here (one with the beard and kinda bald, I think) was really helpful and made it sure that I use the gun properly. The prices aren't cheap but it's worth the experience. I recommend coming here if you wanna try something new and get a couple hours off from the hustle & bustle at Vegas!
1	We went here to find a Sig firearm to buy and noone wanted to help us at all.  They seemed to just ignore us and when we finally had to ask for help, the guy behind the counter gave us a attitude as if we were bothering him.  We ended up leaving and will never be back.  Not sure if they treat everyone like that but from the other Yelp reviews, they seems to not care about locals and about getting business I guess,
5	I couldn't be happier. Extremely helpful staff, straightforward, feels like home when you're there.Will went out of his way to go over EVERYTHING, regarding safety, posture, how to hold the gun the right way. How to strip it, load it, clean it, oil it. In the 7 + years I've lived back out here, this is the first place I've gone that I felt genuinely welcomed. Thank you !
5	Absolutely great place! Went here with my son and our instructor Dave was just incredible.
