4	After a fine meal at Terrazo, the  girl and i opt for dessert at the Resort Bakery - Baby Cakes.Various baked goods and gelatos.  Alot to choose from. For $15, we picked up a beautiful fruit tart, a pistachio cheesecake ( sugar free )  a chocolate eclair and a lil bag of cookies.  The eclair was perfect ! the fruit tart - well, i ain't a fruit tart kinda guy, but it was ok, the cookies, a little to crunchy for me but decent flavor - especially liked the chocolate chip.  I didn't get to try the cheesecake but based on how my daughter wolfed it down, it was good !Again, the food places at the M Resort seem to understand the concept of reasonable pricing.
5	baby cakes! baby cakes! baby cakes!! you are my new favorite sweet shoppe! baby cakes is so yummy that i tried every single dessert at the wedding and came back the next day to buy more for the road home. napoleon, cappuccino cake, panettones, gelatos and more. everything is reasonably priced and delicious. i only wish you were closer...until our next rendevous...
4	Yum, yum, yum!That's about all I can say because I think I might still be drooling.I couldn't visit The M Resort without trying this place. The little pastries are all so beautiful, that it took me a good ten minutes to even decide what I wanted.I finally settled on the Costa Rican chocolate cake. Not too sweet, not too tart, it was a perfect combination of chocolate, coffee, and (I think) pistacios.When I go back, I don't think I'll be able to resist Baby Cakes, diet be damned!
4	I needed a little sugar to keep me from fainting in front of those slots.  I was aimlessly walking around the casino and found this cafe.  I was glued to the case and could not decide what I wanted.  It all looked so good!  The lemon tart caught my eye and thought to get that for myself and the no sugar added lemon cake for my hubby who is diabetic.  I didn't want him salivating over my tart!Both were rich and super yummy, especially the cake.  It was light, airy and melts in your mouth.  The tart was sweet and tart, but that's the plan to have something a little tart and sweet.I'd have to visit again to try the other pastries.  At least I know this place is around when I'm low on energy - gives me an instant smile.
3	I came here after dinner at Veloce.  I ordered 4 scoops of gelato and it came out to about 10 bucks. Not bad...except the scoops were small....but I guess that's ok, what a serving size should be:)  I ordered the vanilla, strawberry, pistachio, and chocolate.  My favorite was the vanilla.  They give you the option of a cone or a cup.  I would come here again to try their deserts...looks like they had a very nice selection.
4	I LOVE PASTRIES.  That being said, the latte was pretty good.  I feel like I should have gotten one of everything but in a rush to get to the airport I ordered a chocolate croissant.  Although tasty, I prefer the chocolate to be consistent throughout the entire pastry, not just a clump in the middle.  I wish yelp let you review restaurants in European cities because the Chocolate Pistachio croissant at La Durree in Paris is the closest the to heaven I've ever tasted.  It's worth a trip to Paris just to have a treat and cafe creme at La Durree.
2	Staff and venue are nice/cute, but I am sorry it comes down to flavor and quality of the little pastries, doesn it? It has nothing on JP or Payard.
5	OH MY!  Usually I give 5 stars to a restaurant, not a pastry shop. But this is so good, I'll make an exception!  My wife and I had two scoops of Gelato and a slice of Costa Rican Chocolate cake.  Every bite of Gelato had nuts in it - they didn't skimp.  It was wonderful.  And the Chocolate cake had layers of cake, cream, chocolate, a crunchy layer and I'm guessing ganache.  It was outstanding.  The bakery is very nice inside with paintings on both sides of the wall that looks like a European fantasy land.  We will be back!!!
4	I tried the almond croissant very good and the napoleon that was pretty sugary but the filling was light and creamy. I also tried the turkey sandwich I liked that they used a ciabatta bread not so ordinary shouldn't be for the price but it was average. Altogether nice but it is definitley pricey to visit there frequently maybe once in a while to treat yourself.
2	The Skinny: breakfast offerings are pretty to look at but aren't that great (2), service: it's counter service but the best thing is it is close to the beverage fountain(3), value: three pastries was around $9 which is expensive considering the caliber(2).We were eyeing the pastry case since we walked into M resort for our staycation. Finally on our last morning, we indulged with an italian doughnut, a blueberry scone and an almond croissant.The italian doughnut was okay - the custard was a little on the eggier denser texture than say a rich smooth custard and rather ?bland. I wasn't a fan of the filling and it didn't help that there was plenty of filling inside. The doughnut itself was okay but nothing memorable.The almond croissant was flat as a pancake (not airy and flaky) from the overly moist filling inside. The filling didn't taste like almonds at all. Overall, bleh.The blueberry scone was the best of the baked goods. Albeit a little dry, it had a more crumbly dense texture with some blueberries inside. Flavours were fine though.Overall, this bakery really didn't impress especially when there are some great bakeries (ie, Payard, Jean Phillipe, Bouchon) on the Strip to compare to. In light of the pricetag, it was definitely expensive for what it is. I'm not sure if what I ordered was the exception rather than the rule though in terms of the quality.
4	Very nice. Check it out!1. The Small Stuff -  I enjoy bakeries that have small pastries, small cakes that you can a mix and match. This place had them and what a selection.2.  The Big Stuff - They also make larger cakes and have all the pricing available for you. I did not try one one, as I usually order my cakes from Freeds, but the stuff here looked really good.3.  The Service - Very efficient and they know everything. Helpful, friendly and I ended up buying more than I needed. Overall, great stuff with a European Flair. Just wish it was easier to park and get to, since it is in a casino...I will go back, but I don't like going for food via a smokey casino....
2	Eh.  Very unfriendly and tired face serving you sweets.  Me thinks not.  It was free as we were coming from the Studio B buffet who had a broken gelato bar.  There was nothing special about these gelatos and I got tired looking at the cashier's grumpy face.  I tried a bit of the strawberry sorbet and it was mediocre (not a big fan of sorbet to begin with.)  The mint chocolate chip gelato was good though.  Pretty expensive if you don't get it free :P.  Try not to come in with that older lady.  She really dampens your mood.
3	I have heard a lot of good things about Baby Cakes. And I finally was able to check them out when my brother was in town for a visit and wanted to stop by Studio B Buffet before their drive back to California.  I actually ate at the buffet before dropping in to see what the hype was about.Since it was Halloween, the desserts have Halloween themed decorations on them.  This is cool if you happen to be visiting them during the holidays, but this practice is pretty standard at a lot of the other pastry shops and patisseries (i.e.,  Jean Philippe)The prices are high, but considering it is inside a casino resort it is about par.  One can easily spend way more than expected here with all of their attractive looking desserts.  And if you are already planning to eat at the buffet, I would recommend skipping Baby Cakes, because a lot of the desserts sold a la carte here is available as part of the Studio B Buffet.The Rum Raisin gelato was yummy, but the Strawberry, Mango and Raspberry ones were not so yummy (taste like mostly artificial flavoring and very little if any fruit puree). Their sandwiches looks decent, but I can't see myself ever buying one, since I make them pretty much all the time for a different high end patisserie on the Strip. But it is nice and convenient for hotel guests that do not want to dine in one of the M Resorts restaurants or buffet, or to take with them for the drive home.The layout of this Baby Cake is nice.  The products are displayed nicely and it does not feel cluttered. The staff working here is also very efficient and from what I can see and hear, is also very knowledgeable about the menu items they are selling.I think this is a 3-4 Yelp stars pastry shop, and worth checking out if you are ever staying or visiting the M Resort.
3	Umm, if you just finished a big hearty meal at the Studio B Buffet and stroll on over to this Bakery you'll feel like this bakery is nothing cause you've just eaten most of these sweets anyways...Most of the yummy sweet stuff from the buffet is offered here.When this place first opened the shelves were filled with stuff now it is pretty empty. They do have a good gelato selection and you can pick up a sandwich here as well. Oh, you can also order cakes for your special occasion. So, if you are not going to eat at the buffet head on over here and pick up a yummy pastry but it you do go to the buffet skip this place cause you have eaten it already.
4	We purchased a vanilla napoleon and a costa rican chocolate cake. I loved the Napoleon. The chocolate cake was way too rich for me and I has the tiniest bite. You have to definitely be a chocolate lover with a sweet tooth. Those are two of the few desserts that aren't at the buffet. All the minis they have at the buffet.
4	If you love the desserts in Studio B Buffet in the M Hotel but don't want to wait in the massive buffet line or even eat in the buffet, Baby Cakes in the M Hotel is really nice fix.  With their yummy gelatos and mini cakes, one must have a really good reason not to step into this place.  Mini desserts for $1.50 really cannot be beat!  Well, actually, the only good reason that I can think of is that you are eating at Studio B Buffet.  BUT other than that, there isn't one good reason for me to not visit this fabulous establishment for a bit of sweetness if you are in M Hotel anyways.  No excuses! Yum!
4	I CANNOT resist a bakery.... I had to stop in here my 2nd day staying at the M Resort. The prices are reasonable. I had to get my hubby something from here since I was staying at the hotel for work.In the mornings, the selection is not as vast. The bottom shelves were pretty empty with only a handful of cupcakes to pick from. Plenty of seats inside & they serve coffee as well.I ended up getting the Sticky Pecan Roll ($2.75) and an Italian donut ($2.75). They're a pretty good size. The Italian donut is covered with cinnamon-sugar and inside is the most delicious filling (like a creamy egg custard) which wasn't too sweet. OMG... *DROOL*
4	Their desserts are in the Studio B buffet! amazing!!! i also order their blended Irish cream latte... so yummy!!!
2	The mini desserts from this place that M Resort Studio Buffet serves are pretty good so I decided to try a cupcake from this place.  I got the Coconut Pineapple one and what a HUGE disappoinment.  The frosting didn't even taste like frosting but something artificial.  In fact, I can make better cupcakes.Needless to say will not be buying from here again.
4	My husband and I came here last week to satisfy our sweet tooth. I ordered a lemon raspberry cupcake. The cake was lemon flavored and it was topped with a light whipped cream with a raspberry on top. In the middle of the cream was a raspberry filling. It was tasty! My husband ordered a sugar free raspberry cheesecake. I can't rate that though because I didn't taste it. Cheesecake is not my favorite.
4	I love sweets so i couldnt help but just walk in. I wish i wasnt so full from my breakfast or else i would have gone crazy in this joint. I was tempted to buy a pint of ice cream to go but that wasnt very sensible since we are out in the middle of the dessert and we were on our way home.
3	My friend set up an all you can eat sweets event for a group she is organizer for, she is also a chocaholic. I like sweets and it was a good deal, so I had to go.The bakery is set up well and the staff was really nice. I started with a iced vanilla coffee, it was good, I'm not a big coffee drinker and I liked it.We were able to try any gelato, one scoop at a time, the pistachio didn't have much taste, but the peanut butter and banana-caramel were so delicious.We were then offered a variety of pastries, cakes, cannolis, mousse parfaits, eclairs, cookies and so much more.They also served artisan chocolates on a chocolate plate...very cool presentation.  It was all okay but not even close to being the best I've had, I miss east coast bakeries so much. The best thing besides the gelato was the coconut macaroon. I didn't like anything that had alot of chocolate on it or in it, it was a little too dark and bitter for me.I would definitley go back for gelato.
4	At M resort and have a sweet tooth?Stop by Baby Cakes and grab dessert, you won't regret it that is for sure!One of my favorites that I rarely find anymore is the Napolean.They have a delicious NAPOLEAN! (sweet, flaky, creamy goodness)MMMMM YUMMY SO GOOD SO GOOD!
4	What a wonderful place full of wonderful treats! I have had several of the desserts they sell @ the buffet. So today I was here for an iced vanilla latte..and boy was it perfect! A great start to our day at the pool. The service was very good as well.
2	Meh, I've experienced better.
5	This was my last stop before heading back to California.  A few friends and I ordered a bunch of desserts, pastries, and fruit for our breakfast brunch.  We ordered a chocolate hazelnut pannetone, an almond croissant, a fruit plate, a bagel, and an iced coffee.  The bagel and iced coffee were pretty standard.  The chocolate hazelnut pannetone was the biggest surprise.  I thought it was some kind of muffin but after slicing it in half it starts oozing out a creamy chocolate or hazelnut that tasted very similar to nutella.  The outer layer bread/cake had a very orange-y taste about it which I have to say was very pleasant and another sweet surprise.  The almond croissant was uber flaky and had a lil hit of chocolate in it.  Lastly, the fruit plate wasn't exactly the sweetest fruit, but it was pretty good.  The customer service was quick and professional.  The bagel had to be toasted which took longer than expected.  The cashier/counter person was very apologetic that it took so long to come out.  I would definitely come back since everything we tried (for the most part) was delicious and were very affordably priced.
5	Delicious pastries. Beautiful, decorated desserts. A nice addition to The M Resort.Spa.Casino. Yummy treats.
4	Is it possible to walk by this spot in the M Resort and not immediately start salivating? No, it's really not possible. So much dessert goodness!I always stop and stare at the glass case and contemplate what I am craving the most. And all of the desserts look so pretty and well put together.But, in the end, 98% of the time, I just go for the gelato. And it is some really great gelato. Hint: Go for two scoops and choose two different flavors that compliment each other. Personally, the mix of coconut and chocolate chip is a fav.
5	LOOOVEEEE THIS PLACE! I've been to a decent amount of cupcake places and this one by far has the best ones! This is the first place that actually looks as good as it tastes, actually I think it even tastes better than it looks (and it looks really really good!!). I tried six of their cupcakes (banana, carrot, chocolate peanut butter, orange chocolate, white on white, and coconut) I loved ALL of them! Except the coconut and white on white were my least favorite, but still good. However...the CHOCOLATE PEANUT BUTTER stood out the most. My absolute favorite cupcake ever now! You NEED to try it. If you can't decide...you really can't go wrong with that one...unless you're allergic to peanut butter of course..which in that case I suggest the banana one. Also a really good choice. The toffee nut almond latte was pretty good too. And the prices for everything seemed alright, it wasn't that expensive, it's $3 a cupcake if you order 6. I haven't tried the gelato or other desserts but they looked really good too. But if you stop by here you really have to try at least one of their cupcakes. Completely worth it. You won't regret it!!!
3	The gelato and pasteries are a-ok. Pretty darn good.
4	Who can resist? All those pretty sweets under one roof. I did not try anything as I just came out of the Studio B Buffet. But I heard their gelato is the same as the Buffet and it is amazing!! They have red velvet cupcakes, and peanut butter chocolate are the my favorite European style desserts  of pastries, cakes, cannolis, gelato, etc.
3	Pineapple Carrot Cake is very good here. Even after eating it two days later, it was still moist, not ruined with raisins (can't stand cooked raisins, eeewww), and the pineapple really finishes it. I always make my carrot cake with pineapple, so that will always win me over. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6qKhUQwyMLBl9ehwB-cfxQ?select=UARGXxOFHv2DM7NZe6Ac-Ahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6qKhUQwyMLBl9ehwB-cfxQ?select=UARGXxOFHv2DM7NZe6Ac-AIf you stop for the BLT bloody mary on the way home, you can pick up a snack here for the drive. Plenty of desserts http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6qKhUQwyMLBl9ehwB-cfxQ?select=-aEM8ucFmzvvlVCt8RiaYw, but also sandwiches, scones, coffee, and even gelato! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6qKhUQwyMLBl9ehwB-cfxQ?select=Kih_XQhOBdSVZe4ph3oHXQ
5	A great place in the m resort to grab a quick bite for breakfast or lunch ask for a comp cause its always better when its free!
2	I think we need to go back and try the desserts on display. I was craving a chocolate chip cookie, and they had them wrapped in plastic. It was okay, but nothing special. Not really worth the $2.
5	Stop by here for breakfast and your morning coffee :) I was pleasantly pleased when I was looking for a small breakfast place (and not wanting to get the buffet).  I had a fruit, yogurt & granola parfait and two of their Vanilla Cream Lattes .... delicious!  Since it was early in the morning, I tried to avoid the fantastic looking desserts that they had but based on what I DID have, I wouldn't be surprised if they were just as delicious!!
4	Today was dreary, cold, and wet. Perfect weather for gelato. Maybe not, but Vegas summer is just around the corner. This sneak attack is not going to get me to lower my guard. I know it is coming and frozen desserts will be the only saving grace. The gelato here is creamy, not too sweet, and can be purchased for take out. I got a quart of rum raisin and a quart of pistachio. Both cost $14 and feed 6 of us with plenty to spare. The pistachio could have used large pieces of the nuts mixed into the base. The finely chopped crumbs added little to texture or taste. The rum raisin was the exact opposite. A clear foundation of rum was incorporated throughout the cream and their was plenty of golden raisins in each spoonful. Although I am rarely at the M Resort, if I find myself by the pool during the summer, there will not be any hesitation to come here for a sweet treat.
4	They have the most divine milkshakes! After eating at Anthony's Burgers and Brews, a group of us stopped by here for dessert. They have a decent selection of baked goods, and of course cupcakes. But we were there for one thing, their milkshakes. Their milkshakes are actually made with their gelato and you can add more than one flavor. Our shake consisted of chocolate, peanut butter, and banana. It tasted like a liquid chocolate covered banana! It was amazing. Others in the group couldn't resist after seeing the creamy goodness so they had to get the same, and they could not stop raving about it either. Can't wait to come back with other milkshake concoctions! They also have take home containers of their gelato, for those times when you just gotta have it but don't want to get out of bed ;)
4	There is nothing like having coffee and a sinfully sweet desert! After leaving some event I had attended, I stopped here and boy was I pleased.  I enjoyed a cafe latte and a peanut butter cookie.  It was delicious. The only reason I am not giving this place an extra star is because I went in there around 8:30 pm and the selection was meager pickings.  I was disappointed that the case wasn't filled with unlimited goodies to ogle at; regardless I will definitely be returning.
4	This is such an underated bakery in Vegas. Located in the M resort, it serves pastries, ice cream, breads, and confections. Today I got the palmier (elephant ears) and rum raisen ice cream. Palmiers - the outside was amazingly baked but the center seemed a bit on the chewy side, which I can understand since they are so big.Rum Raisen I/C - You can really taste the rum in the soaked golden raisens and the ice cream itself was very creamy and soft.Even though I did not get it this time you should defintely check out the breads, they are amazing. My favorites are the raisen walnut and the 9-grain.
3	I spent my birthday at the M Resort pool, and on the way out we passed by Baby Cakes.  I decided that my birthday cake would be a cupcake, and we stepped up to the counter to ogle the treats within.  We had our noses pressed to the glass looking at the delectable cupcakes.  I'm usually one for simplicity, but the layered and decorated cupcakes looked mighty fine anyway.I had a hard time choosing just one (out of the dozen or so available that day).  I ended up with Banana and DC ended up with Peanut Butter Chocolate.  These were wrapped up in a box as large and ornate as the cupcakes, and we were on our way.When we finally dug into the cupcakes I was a little disappointed.  The frosting was a little crunchy, although this may have been due to our refrigeration of the cakes.  Crunchiness aside, the frosting on both cakes was amazing.  Buried inside the mound of frosting was a spoonful of mashed bananas (on my cupcake).  This was a great treat that added the right burst of real banana flavor and texture.DCs frosting was equally as awesome.  It was a creamy smooth peanut butter flavor that went well with the dark chocolate cake.  Unfortunately, the cake was a little dry for both of us.  Again, this may be our refrigerator's fault.We both commented that we would try Baby Cakes again, if only for the frosting.  Perhaps eating the cupcakes on the premises would yield a better experience.  I'm certainly willing to try.  Again, if only for the frosting.
4	Located center of the M Resort next to casino cage area.They have gourmet desserts all made by their pastry chefs in the hotel. Gelato, ice creams, pastries, donuts, candies, custom chocolates, gourmet coffee, espresso, cappuccino, light sandwiches, and of course custom made cakes.I've ordered custom chocolates and they make them to order and you can pick them up in 24-48 hours SWEET yes pun intended. Prices are medium high and worth it.They're not open in the middle of the night but early morning to later evening.Had some small issues with staff seeming to not be too interested and that's unusual in this hotel as all other areas excel in customer service.But if you got the sweet tooth and want a coffee, Baby Cakes is a good spot.
5	Awesome Napoleons!
4	Only was able try a handful of gelato flavors, but what I did try was stellar!!!Lemon sorbet - so tart and lemony, but creamy as wellCoconut sorbet - the flavor I chose to get a scoop of. I can't resist coconut anything and this one delivered that great tropical flavor and the texture was great. Did I taste some rum in there as well???Peanut Butter Gelato - SINFUL! So rich, peanut butter gelato with a ribbon on peanut butter swirl throughout... delicious but do share as it is DECADENT!The bakery items all looked great. The croissants were HUGE and the muffins were coming out of their baking cups (fatty muffin tops..hehe)
4	This is located inside the M Resort and Spa away from the strip.  Great place to hang out and let the traffic die down before driving back to LA. Free Wifi. Beautiful and yummy desserts.
2	This place is located inside the M Resort in fabulous Las Vegas. They have a selection of pretty pastries and we sampled a few. I've had better, I've had worse. Nothing special. A place like this probably wouldn't survive as a stand-alone store but can make it as tourists walk by in a Vegas hotel.
5	This guest review is written by Claire, my inner fat girl.ME WANT FOOD! ME LOVE BABY CAKES. Individual sized desserts are perfect for eating three to five at a time. Baguettes should be bought two at a time because the first one is unlikely to survive the 10-minute drive home. Apropos of nothing, Jay needs to start keeping European butter in the glove compartment.So don't just sit there. Carb me.I SAID CARB ME.
4	Had our breakfasts 2 days in a row at Baby Cakes.  It's good for a fast and quick brekkie in the morning.  You can choose muffins, danishes, loaves,croissants and other types brekkie items.  I love their Cheese Danish!  I wonder if I can get that here in Calgary?!?  Their bran muffins are quite good as well.  Coffee is pretty good & piping hot!  The bakery also sells gelato.  They even have a freezer with tubs of gelato for you to buy home.  Free wifi drops in the evenings; OK in the mornings.
4	When I'm craving for cupcakes, I always come here....:-)
2	I'm here for a seminar this week. They are extremely understaffed. Don't they know that the hotel books seminars downstairs? Maybe they could have enough staff for morning and lunch business? I've been stopping in a couple times a day and they are never ready for the fact that all of us come up for coffee on every break. The cupcakes and deserts look amazing but last night I had a chocolate cupcake and it was so less than mediocre.
3	I got the peanut butter cupcake and red velvet..they were ok but once you've had cheesy eddies in rochester ny ...everything else taste boo in comparison.
5	Mmmm is all I can muster out after seeing gelato cupcakes coffee and danishes all in one place. Good alternative to Starbucks since the items are made by hotel staff.
4	Nice place to grab a treat.  Hot tea and a pastry yummy
5	Yummy cream puffs!! Lemon cupcake was pretty good!
4	Inside the M, this is a dessert lovers paradise...that is, if you like the sweets.  The frosting on the cupcakes was too sweet for me.  They look great, but I just could not bite into them with all the frosting.  I threw the frosting out and had a great cupcake.  The gelato was worth 5 stars.
5	Baby Cakes has really great sandwiches and salads. I love the Turkey sandwich. It is on this incredible walnut cranberry bread and comes with cranberry mayo. The sandwich is big enough for two people and come with chips. Now onto the desserts!! The gelato is the best I have ever tasted! And there pastrys oh my!! They have almond horns cheesecake almost anything you can think of! There turkey sandwich is my current cheat day! Yes it is that good!! Love me some Baby Cakes!!
5	Their morning pastries are sooo good! We had a bran muffin and cheese danish. They were both delish! The cheese danish was so good with a nice crispy, fluffy outer crust. Coffee was good but nothing special.
5	I'm sad I finally broke down and tried Baby Cakes because I'm totally in love with it and I'll want something sweet from here every time I'm at the M.  This is a very classy but understated cafe inside the casino.  They serve pastries, gelato, and sandwiches.  Hubby and I tried a red velvet cupcake and a strawberry cheesecake.  Both were so delightful.  The prices weren't cheap, but they weren't awful either, considering how high end the bakery seemed.  The service was great - very pleasant and welcoming.  The only problem I have with this place is that'll be impossible to pass it up for pastries or gelato whenever I'm nearby.
4	Tried their Almond Croissant and Cheese Danish and both were VERY GOOD!I would definitely go back to try other pastries!
4	Are you ready to pay $4-$5 on a cupcake? If not, this is definitely not the place for you. I bought a red velvet cupcake from this place last night and the cream cheese frosting is FANTASTIC. The cake was a little dense but at least it was moist. I hate dry cake! The peanut butter and chocolate cupcake was a little too rich for my taste buds. Their desserts are definitely worth trying if you can fit it into your budget. For about $4 a cupcake, I think this is a one-time experience...unless I'm alone next time.
3	Came here twice during my stay at the M Resort. Too full from the day to eat dinner, so my mom, aunt and I opted for some gelato. I had pistachio gelato in a waffle cone. It hit the spot, but I definitely have had better gelato elsewhere. The next morning, we were still full (LOL!) so we went back there for some pastries. I had the raspberry danish. It was a cheese danish with FRESH raspberries on top. SO GOOD. The only thing was that the pastry part of it wasn't fresh. It was a day old, I could tell. My mom had a blueberry scone, and my aunt had a pumpkin scone. They liked them but they also didn't taste freshly made. So, that's where they lost a couple stars. It's a BAKERY. And we went first thing in the MORNING! It should be fresh, no? At least taste fresh...We also got a bowl of "fresh fruit" which consisted of like 4 berries and a bunch of honeydew melon. Meh, it was healthy. I would come back if I was staying at the M. But I wouldn't go out of my way to get there. I do wish I tried one of their cupcakes though. It may have earned them back a star!
5	place is amazing....... location, quality, display, service, all frisking bad ass.
4	Stopped at the M resort on our way out of Vegas (back to LA) for a snack.  Came across Babycakes and not only sampled a few gelatos, but had a small portion.  It is pricey.  Also, each topping is $0.75.  Gelato flavors were varied but not off-the-wall and the small portion was not too tiny!  All in all, a good sweet stop on the way out of Vegas.
5	I love M resort and everything about it. Baby cakes has such a great variety of pastries,gelato, sandwiches, and great service.  What more could I ask for? I tasted a few pastries each time I visit there and I loved it all. They keep their little cafe clean and I love their simple decorations that they have in their store. great place for a quick breakfast or brunch!
4	Yelps 365 Review Challenge - Los Angeles #8 - #365I was looking for a snack with Mumsy before the long drive home to California. On our way out of the M, we came across Baby Cakes and was curious to try it out. Just the name alone made me crave whatever sweet savory goodness they had in store for us. I ordered the chocolate and rum rasin gelato and it was soo good. My Mom had the cocunut and vanilla gelato, she liked it and wasn't too sweet.Customer service was meh, it felt like buying ice cream at Baskin Robins with employees talking about drama. Unfortunately, we didn't have a lot of time to try other items on the menu. Until next time, Baby Cakes will always be on my sweet tooth list in Vegas, next to Jean Philippe.
2	I don't know what all the hype is for this place but I was not a fan. I asked for recommendations and was let down. My cupcakes were nothing special and the cheesecake I had was ok. Kinda seems out of the way unless you are in the casino.
4	Visited here a few times during our stay at the M. First visit I had a shake made with gelato, mmmm! One of the best shakes ever! Second visit I got a chocolate covered cronut and another pastry, an orange/vanilla cupcake thing. Forgot what its called but it had a slice of candied orange with powdered sugar on top and vanilla pudding in the middle! Awesome! I'll be back for more of that!Third visit was late night, got a sandwich. Part of it was soggy from sitting too long, other than that it was okay.
4	Generous gelato proportions, great assortment of goodies; cupcakes,muffins, croissants and more. Coffee is good and the service is always attentive.
5	Love the gelato at this place. I moved from that SIDE of town and will drive a ways to get it. So good
3	Came here on Father's Day expecting a wide selection of desserts. Maybe cause we got here late (around 7:30pm), there wasn't much of a selection. I was a little bit disappointed. Hopefully there will be more to choose from next time.
2	Disappointing :( I drove way out of my way to come here and it's was just whatever. I have high standards for food and this was far below what I was hoping for. I tried 5 diff things and after one bite I threw it out. It wasn't bad, just didn't put a smile on my face or interest me to come back
5	So so yummy.  Took the family there and was told that the adobo fried rice/omelet was delish and there red velvet pancakes were yummy. So of course I had to order them and try. I'm such a foodie that I like to try new things. Service was great, wait was long...was it worth it??? Definitely going to be a regular.  American with an island twist on breakfast. Nom...nom...nom
4	We came here yesterday at 11pm. We live nearby and just strolling around and came across this bakery. We ordered french macaron for $9.99 and gelato chocolate ice cream! ( i post photo) We love it! The only negative review is that the place need more cleaning and they need a newer and cleaner coach to sit by. The staff needs to be friendly too i might add. Other than that im glad to find a 24/7 bakery if we need something sweet! We will come back to taste some more of the pastries on display!
5	The most beautiful pastries and cupcakes I have ever seen. And my iced vanilla latte is surprisingly delicious. I say surprisingly because usually I never like lattes except from Starbucks or an Illy shop. Two thumbs up from this picky girl.
4	I love this place and the only reason for 4 stars is the casino prices. I have been coming here for about 5 years and I am obsessed with their mini desserts mainly the chocolate mousse & cream puffs. I do love their hazelnut panettone, palmiers and cronuts. Their variety is pretty great though I haven't tried a cupcake or the gelato. I just love the mini desserts and pastries so much. They are 24/7 so when I get the 3am sweet craving I know where to go. Not crazy about having to go to a casino but at least its the M.
3	Average quality food and drinks with premium prices. Pretty much like visiting a Starbucks that offers gelato.
4	They make some pretty amazing pastries, loooove the cream filled cinnamon-sugar coated donut, so BIG and soooo good! Gelato is pretty good, love the location inside M Resort, you can't walk past it on your way out without wanting to stop in for a decadent treat :)
5	YUM!! Best cupcakes ever!! We had the halloween ones, vanilla with cream cheese topping!I've been to so many different cupcake places and this one is by far up there with georgetown cupcakes!
2	Was here for a conference, and missed the morning breakfast, so I thought I'd try the local bakery. The food looked great in the display case, so I headed in.There were 2 ladies behind the counter, but it seemed they were having a dispute about who was cleaning or changing the garbage. Either way, it took a few minutes before someone asked to help me.I got some kind of chocolatey muffin thing, and a large coffee. Almost $10?!? Are you kidding? (Hint: they weren't). Since it looked so delicious, I decided to go along.Sadly, the food did not live up to it. The muffin was crammed full of pudding which went everywhere. The flavor was sub-par. And the coffee was about average and about 3 degrees south of boiling. Watch out.
3	The peppermint mocha latte was very good, and so was the almond croissant...so good I had them two days in a row:)
5	Best Iced Vanilla Latte...worth the driving past every other coffee joint in town to get your coffee here.  Love it! Great desserts and the employees are pleasant.
4	A lil expensive but it really good I bout a large shake custom made with vanilla and cookie dough gelato. As a milkshake connoisseur I have to say it was pretty good
