4	I can't believe I'm the first to review. This is a mellow sports bar with a lot of flat screen TVs, a terrific bartender and affable, efficient servers. Of course after my miserable day in Las Vegas the day of the marathon (who knew there was a marathon which paralyzed the city and rendered all travel impossible or affordable, transforming 20 dollar cab rides into 120 dollar nightmares?), I would have been happy with almost anything. But the 20 buck prime rib dinner with great baked potato and peas/carrots (no butter and a concession to healthy eating, I take it) was GREAT. And I don't even drink beer but the Scotch Ale which the bartender let me sample was so good I bought two (and someone else bought me a third). There is a fancier steakhouse here but the security guy told me Wicked Vicky is just as good and a lot cheaper. Most burgers and pizzas are in the 10-13 range and my prime rib dinner and two beers only 35 pre-tip. One of the better places to eat on a budget at this end of the strip. Peppermill the best breakfast in this area, according to the same security guy from New York, the fifth person today to tell me s/he hopes I don't hold this trip against Las Vegas. Everyone feels guilty about this marathon which basically ruins Vegas for a day.
1	My boyfriend and I just sat down for 20 mins waiting to be approached by the server. We saw the sever and the bar tender talking at the bar the entire time. As I left I told the two girls "thank you for the service!" Ridiculous!!! They must've had a bad night. Not to mention the restaurant was dead. Never coming here again!
4	Nice place for a beer and bar food inside the Riviera. The draft beer selection is good and included dark beer beyond Guinness, which is rare. I had a pizza and it was properly cooked with a nice crust and the right amount of sauce and cheese. I was greeted by the hostess as I entered and sat "outside" in the area open to the casino. I could watch people going by as well as the football game on the large flat screen out there, and hear just enough from the TV in the bar to follow the game. My waitress was attentive and skilled and took great care of me. A great place for a simple meal.
4	We had a nice lunch today so my dad could watch the football. Cool, lively atmosphere and surprisingly good food! We started with hot wings and they were delicious! Crispy and with a little kick.My bf and I split a Bavarian Pretzel and it was enormous! It was warm and salty, I really enjoyed it.Despite it being super busy, the service was pretty good.
3	Vegas is not a beer town. In fact, it's down right difficult to find a non macro brew, and for a reasonable price. Wicked Vicky Tavern has about 30 beers on tap, a nice change of pace compared to the rest of the Strip. Even though those 30 are typically available in most other cities, it goes a long way in this town. Plus the prices are fairly reasonable. They also have numerous other beers in bottles, as they claim to have "100+ beers".The downside is that you have to travel through the smokey Riviera. But if you actually want a selection of beer rather than a yard of sugar water + Everclear, might as well swing in and give Wicked Vicky a try.
2	I was ignored the first time for 20 minutes. I was ignored the second time for 14. The third time, we were ignored for 10. We were staying in the Riv so it was easy eats... and reasonably well prepared (burger was perfect... eggs benny was also great)... but the service makes it hard to give it anything but a two.Great beers on tap though --- so maybe just sit at the bar? The one time I got great service, I sat at the bar. There you go! A positive tip!
1	Horrendous. Bartender - rude rude rude. Thanks for making my girl wait 10 minutes to get her shot, so you can look it up on how to make it. And then make 6 drinks before hers to others who came after. Thanks for answering my question about your not so great beer selection (with an attitude) then telling me your out of my favorite beer, THEN POURING ONE FOR SOMEONE ELSE. 0 personality, 0 care factor, 0 chances we'll ever return.
2	We were in the Riviera for an event and we didn't want to bother to leave to eat. We should have bothered! Long wait in the stinky casino even though there were obviously tables open. Long wait for our food, which was VERY basic - Caesar salad, nachos and chicken fingers which we all would share. How can that take 40+ minutes?  The chicken was fine. The salad was limp and overdressed. The nachos were huge and good. Also, my husband's beer arrived warm so he didn't finish it. Overall, a disappointing experience.
1	Wicked terrible is what i think. The service was horrible, the pulled pork sandwich came out with that raw taste, and it wasn't clean. There were table staying dirty for longer than we were even there. Management was no help to their staff at all. All that said, our waitress was really nice, but I would not go there again.
4	They serve Schlitz in a can!The claim is 100 brews.  30 on tap including favs like Batch 19 & Guinness.The reason I come here is music & Batch 19 pitchers for $17.  It is a shame that it is in a casino that isn't really a great place for locals or tourists who want great live music.  I can't speak of any food here besides the fries; the fries were good, but I was almost done with my pitcher, so I had an impaired view of the food.The sound here is good.  And loud.  be aware if you are sitting in the main dining area & want to have a conversation while there is a band.The servers aren't as attentive as I would like, but I do understand since it gets pretty loud in there.  Last time I was there, a server asked about another group who, seemingly, had skipped out on their tab.  That group was gone for a solid 10 minutes before she had noticed.  They actually were taking one of their drunken members back to their hotel room and had came back for more music & cocktails. WOOOHOOO!Also, the bartender seemed to think he was working at Dick's Last Resort (are you picking up what I am putting down, hint, hint).  Thank you, no.  If i am here again, I'll deal with the waitstaff.For those interested, their are also darts, beer pong tables, pool, & a Foosball table.  These are actually outside the back (stage) door but are considered part of the bar.  Also, some kind of sports video game (prolly Golden Tee or some such nonsense).Not pricey, good beer, loud music.  Those should be the reasons one would come here.  All else, is secondary.
3	My experience here was okay.  Service was just a little slow, but not so much that I would not come back.  My boyfriend enjoyed his pizza very much, and I had the prime rib sandwich, which again, was ok.  I would eat here again if it was convenient to do so, but would not go out of my way to return.
3	This used to be a British pub. Now it's a sports bar in a Brit pub space. The service is alright. Not exactly knowledgeable or attentive, but friendly enough. The beer offerings are rather standard with not much particularly interesting. What was awesome was the beertail called the Vegas Snake Bite. It's fireball whiskey, Magner's cider, and a beer of your choice (it's supposed to be PBR according to the menu, but the menu is all incorrect apparently). It comes in a pint glass with ice and a straw. Order it without ice and ditch the straw.The food was alright. Edible. But pretty much straight from the freezer bulk food items. The calamari was bleh at best. The popcorn shrimp was tasty enough. The bangers and mash was decent.Overall, a good place to drink and watch sports. They have live music some nights too. Don't expect much from the food or service. And be prepared to wait 20-30 minutes for a table.
3	Worst service in Las Vegas. If the manager is reading this please FIRE all of your staff immediately.  No silverware, no napkins, no waters.... She never even checked up on us nor did she clear the dirty plates. Luckily the wicked burger was absolutely delicious and with a beer only $9.99 special.
1	I don't give out too many poor reviews, but during my recent stay here at the Rivera I think this is my first. Went here for breakfast, a half hour after opening, and had to stand out front for 10 min before being acknowledged. Once finally seated, I had eggs and bacon. The bacon I think was microwaved, hashbrowns were taken out of a kitchen toaster, and after asked twice we never got our coffee. Don't come here.
2	This is not a bad place at all, but only good for quick and standard food. I landed in this place at 11:30pm on a Saturday on my first night in Vegas right off the plane. My girlfriend and I were starving so this was perfect since we just checked in and were exhausted. The services was friendly, but like another mentioned, its only good for bulk freezer food. We had some chicken wings and split a burger. It was decent. If your hungry and need to eat quick, go here. If you have time and want some better quality food, go somewhere else. BUT - When I did arrive late night, they had an awesome hard rock band playing awesome ozzy, maiden, and more. That was an awesome introduction to Vegas :)
1	DON'T DO IT!!! This place is gross, calamari tasted like  frozen fish sticks :(. Medium well burger was medium rare and zero flavor.  I assume it also came out of the freezer section of Costco.  Hey chef, freezer burn isn't a tasty seasoning choice.
1	Avoid the late night menu at all cost. Calamari is terrible- definitely comes from a frozen bag and served with a gelatinous mess of a sauce. Ordered a medium- well burger that came out practically raw. Paid the price for eating it anyways all night and in the morning. The fries were good, but that was it. Service was below-average at best. There was a cover band playing that was enjoyable, but not enough to ever lead me to eat here again.
3	Beer/cider wise I was pretty impressed. Good selection of items on tap and the service was fast and friendly.The food: not so great. I got a pizza and it was lukewarm and tasted like not much. Pricey drinks- cheap food. There you go.
1	Wow! Horrible horrible horrible service. 1) The couple in front of us were seated immediately, then the hostess/mgr whatever looked at me TWICE & BLATANTLY ignored us standing there2) When ms snotty at the hostess station FINALLY could be bothered to turn around she said "it's at least a 15-20 min wait before a server can get to you even tho they had empty tables".  we were like " wtf?". she just turned away like we were bothering her stupid assRude ass people
3	Was pleasantly surprised by this tavern.  I expected an old, smoky, run down joint but it wasn't.  It was dark like a tavern but clean and nice with lots of TVs all over so any seat had a view of a TV or 2.I got the steak salad and it was really good.  Mind you the steak wasn't Ruth Chris but it was a nice steak, prepared exactly the way I requested, Medium.  The mix greens was fresh and it had avocados, green beans, tomatoes with a balsamic dressing.My mom got the chicken chopped BBQ salad and it looked good too.  She liked it.  I mean... these salads were pretty hearty... not wimpy or skimpy at all.  The husband got a burger and it was big and juicy too with lots of French fries.Oh!  And the Pretzel.... order the Pretzel appetizer.  The pretzel is HUGE and comes with a super flavorful Ale Mustard dip.  You wouldn't think Ale and Mustard would go together... but it does.  I was stealing French fries and dipping it in the sauce.  :)The service was a little slow but I think the kitchen was slow turning food orders and there were only 2 servers that I can see working the whole restaurant.  Overall, if I was at the Riviera again... I'd definitely go here again... especially for the pretzel.  :)
1	Wow. Where do I start. The place looks great. A lot of big tvs with multiple games pkaying. Great selection on beer and spirits.  Thats the only positive.  I had Daniella as a server. She took my order and brought it to my table. Thats about it. I needed condiments for my dry burger. Waited 20 min (just to see if she would check up on me). Nothing. She walked by me multiple times without any check up. I drank my beer and wanted another. Had to go to the bar to get 1. Horrible service.  Bad food. Cool place (only reason they got 1 star)
3	We went here many times over the past few days and spent $$$. Based upon those good experiences, we went back today for lunch and got totally ignored. First visit, 4 stars, 2nd visit 4 stars, 3rd visit stars, this visit 1 star.
4	Come for the food stay for the entertainment. If you're ever at the Rivera this is the place to go to to for great live entertainment and good food. My husband and I had a great time there. We will be going back soon
1	So said, it used ot be a British pub and was god, good food, good service. Went there friday night with a groupon, thank goodness!!!   We had to wait to be seated although there were tables open, wait to order, wait 15 or more minutes for a beer from tap, wait for food, scavenge hunt for ketchup. So So sad how this place went downhill so quickly. Being a local, I could go back and could recommend, but we wont and wont.  Just say no and dont go!!!
5	Good service.  Good food. Waitresses have always been friendly. Good atmosphere.  We like to hang out here.
3	Would give 3.5 stars if there was an option. Here for friends wedding. staying for 3 days. me and my friend got a great groupon deal for 25$. get a couple beers, a couple apps and 2 show tickets. went on a tues night. weird night . was slow. then quickly picked up then died out again. then picked up again lol. sat at bar. bartender was great. gave us some good advice on best apps and beer since we wanted to try something new. the food was ok. nothing innovative but tasted good. based on this night would have given it 4 - 4.5 stars.   Where it lost some of its luster is the difference between night and day with the staff. Tues night had a blast. joked with bartender and 1 or 2 of servers as we sat at bar. Had fun so we decided to stop in again on wed night. Wow.. what a difference. we were disappointed the same bartender was not there but gave it a go anyway. First off waited a bit to even get acknowledged, not sure why it was slow. Asked for more advice on beer, was given a list and he walked away. asked which beers are good was told all beer is good . not much help from this guy. then watched as he yelled at a server loud enough for a few of us at bar to hear. We asked the server if this guy is alway like this , she said yes. Everyone hates working with him. Wow management. Maybe talk to your staff and see what works and what doesnt . After drinking our beer and watching this guy wander around aimlessly we decided to leave. Only way we will return is if a different bartender is working.
5	The appetizers are freaking amazing. Underrated bar. Has great music. Great service. The chicken wings sauce to freaking die for if you're not a sissy b*#%h about hot sauce. Give it a try, definitely worth it.
2	Giving this 2 stars because the food was okay but the service was terrible. The place wasn't busy and waited forever to take order, bring food, then get us bills and change. The waitress never checked on us we had to waive her down she would walk past us and ignore us. Just average food you could probably get the same food and service at McDonald's.
2	We stopped by here 1 morning for breakfast as we saw an advertising for a $4 breakfast. The hostess sat us right away, but the server took a little while to come by. We finally ordered, but it took quite a while for the food to come out. My buddy & I ordered the steak & eggs while our other friend ordered the $4 breakfast. The $4 breakfast came with 1 scrambled egg, 1 pancake, 1 bacon & 1 sausage patty. She ordered a side of hashbrowns too. Everything on her plate tasted like McDonald's. It was like they ordered a deluxe big breakfast from McD's and brought it over. Even the hashbrowns were the same shape, but they were fried way beyond that point. There was so much grease that the ketchup wouldn't stick to her hashbrowns.Though my friend and I both ordered our steaks medium rare, his came out well done and mine was medium well. I had a sliver of pink in the middle of my steak. It was dry & tough. We should have known better than to order that here. Our hashbrowns were greasy as hell also. Even my over easy was pretty much over hard. 90% of my yolk was solid.I don't recommend this spot at all. The food is pretty bad, it's sort of pricey ($15 for crappy steak & eggs) and the service is not very good either.
5	I think people give this place less than 5 srars because they are either too broke or can't use coupons right. I been 3 times to this place on my 3 day vegas trip. Staff was very helpfulB and B was awesome for 10.95The Alfredo and Mac cheese are to die forTvs all over for sports. Very quietCheap prices and large portionsWhoever rates this a 4 or 5 are just people who go to vegas in groups and are too poor to enjoy themselves since they are stingy and shouldn't be jn vegas anyways. Great staff..beer...and chefs
1	Hands down the worst dining experience I have ever had. The food came out wrong, we were charged the wrong price for our drinks, and it took over two hours for us to get out of there. Literally not worth the buy 1 entree get 1 free coupon we had because they didn't even give us the right discount. By the end of it we just threw our money on the table and left because we wanted to get out of there after two hours of waiting for our friendly yet I unpresent server to acknowledge our obvious disdain. You couldn't pay me to eat here again.
1	I went here the first night of my stay for RollerCon and I wasn't impressed...First, the name is misleading for the atmosphere the bar has. It used to have some sort of "pub-like" name before it switched to this one. Honestly, the new name sounds like more like an adult store than a bar. So, it's still a pub, but with a weird name.The food was bland and took (we kept track of time) over 45 minutes to deliver to our table. I asked two questions, both of which the waitress had to go ask someone about--one was if I could have a side of marinara. I know it's not common, but I mean...it was for a pizza. Plus, she had no knowledge of the menu or the bar (and she wasn't new, I checked--see, I give people the benefit of the doubt). And the drinks took 15 minutes (again, we counted) to make their way to our table.The waitress returned a couple of times and did not clear my basket, even though I was done (I made this obvious). She was also short with us when we handed her coupons for the meal. She didn't even bring us our checks, she had another waitress do it for her.All in all, not a great experience. I don't plan on going back.
3	Has an Irish pub feel with a large selection of beer. Plenty of tv's to find a game you like. Friendly staff. The prices were decent and you received a nice serving for the price. I ordered fish & chips which was very good.
5	I stayed at the Riviera last week and had a sub-par experience with the hotel itself. The only positive thing about the Riviera was Wicked Vicky. In fact, I'm so surprised that it got such a low rating.I went here to separate times with my girlfriend. We had dinner here the first night, in which she got the B&B (Burger and Beer) deal and I got an order of fish and chips. My food was outstanding; the fish was friend to perfection and definitely hit the spot. I had a bite of my girlfriend's burger as well and was impressed.We went here the following day for breakfast. While my girlfriend's french toast wasn't the greatest, I had an order of corn beef hash that also hit the spot as well. Both times we went we had great service from our waitresses and the wait times weren't too long. If you made the piss-poor choice of staying at the Riviera, I hope you take some time to grab a bite at Wicked Vicky.
4	This place opens for breakfast with the four for four special. I thought it sounded small and I ordered two of them which was a mistake.  The pancake is really big so it's a lot of carbs for the morning.Our waitress was Melody and she was really efficient and friendly.  I've been here before on a previous visit and the cheesecake is pretty good.  Showing all I give this place a really good rating am definitely going to return whenever I'm at the Riviera.Well recommended....
3	Well ... I ordered a medium-rare burger, and if it was even rare, I'd be surprised. I think they call that scale "blue". It was tasty, but definitely not cooked enough. The service, however, was great. Unfortunately, our server has HORRIBLE taste in football teams, but we powered through it. Jasmine was still a pleasure to deal with, and i think the rest of my party enjoyed their food. I'd give it a solid 4.5 if my burger had been cooked thoroughly.
2	Overall experience sucked!!!! Waited for a full five minutes at an empty hostess stand to be seated (there were only a hand full of tables there-not even close to being busy). Was seated at a wobbly table in a dark, dank out-dated room and then ignored for another 5-10 minutes while multiple waitresses walked by us attending to the 3 tables that were there. The waitresses were not very friendly and acted as though it pained them to take an order. We got the bone-in and boneless wings which I'm almost positive we're frozen and possibly microwaved, and the tater tots which were okay but lacked a lot of seasoning. Will never go to this restaurant again. The suffering was worth it for the show tickets we got (we had a groupon deal) but my stomach is still unsettled from the food. Go at your own risk.On the bright side, beer is beer & it was relatively decent here but overpriced.
5	Wow!  This was an unexpected surprise.  This little spot has terrible reviews, but it seems to be mainly service problems.  Please do not let that dissuade you...the food was great!!!We asked the waitress for a suggestion and she said the burgers were great.  So we went with it.  I got the Wicked Burger, with added bacon.  This burger was great!!!  It was big, juicy, and yummy. The bread was soft and fresh. It has an egg, cheese, and Wicked sauce, which was basically Thousand Island dressing. But it also comes with lettuce, tomato, and onion, even though the menu does not say so. I got fries on the side and they were good. My friend got a different burger and she raved about hers too. So glad we did not listen to the reviews or let the 2.5 star rating deter us.  Oh yeah, out waitress/service was awesome too!
2	Poor bar management by the person on staff behind the bar. Sitting here for five minutes .   No water.  No coffee.   Bar has plates all over with no bussing happening .    No recognition that I have been here.   5 minutes later I get a hello from what looked to be a manager.    She didn't offer of coffee or water.   But at least helped to clean away a few plates.    On the whole the place looks busy.   So maybe I just hit a crappy time to be seated.   But with no hello from the person who will be serving me I think the whole cadence is off for reasons other than being hit with too many people.   Main because a quarter of the tables are empty. So now it's 15 minutes on and I finally get a "hello I will be right with you sir"  from him.   Late but at least I received some attention and something to drink.  A couple of moments later the order from r eggs Benedict  and juice was taken.    The plate arrived I  short order so at least the kitchen was on the ball.    Overall the Eggs Benedict was "okay".  A little on the bland side.  But then I am in a hotel, and at a hotel owned establishment.,  So I expect the food to be more generic and less creative.  If you are looking for fresh juice then look elsewhere.   It' all Minute Maid in the hotel, all the time.I suggest staying with the biscuits and gravy, or just the Four for $4 when eating breakfast here.   You won't be surprised or completely disappointed.  However, it may take a long time.
4	We ate here as part of a Groupon deal combined with the Riviera comedy club.  No problems with the service whatsoever - friendly, efficient, and prompt.  The deal came with three appetizers and two beers.  We don't like beer so they let us substitute Pepsi.  We chose calamari, spinach-artichoke dip, and chicken strips.  Everything was delicious.
1	Waited for 15 minutes for a table which is fine- but when we it sat down we waited 20 minutes and no one came so we left:) it's barely 11 and there was a decent amount a of people but is was definitely not slammed. No one even talked to us or said I'll be right wit you. It was awful, would not recommend.
4	4.0 stars for the Burger and Bar special. We walked in around 1pm on a Friday while attending a convention onsite at the Riviera.  The server came over immediately.   Took our order.  We waited awhile for our order but she checked on us every so often.It was worth the wait.$10.00 got us a juicy cheeseburger, fries, and a 16oz draft beer.
1	My husband and I had dinner here on a Monday night. From the beginning our waitress was rude and short with us! We ordered the veggie burger and after taking one bite spit it out. We both almost threw up it was so bad! We immediately pushed the plates to the side. After waiting 30 min for our waitress to even notice us she swung by grabbed the plates that had obviously not been touched and left without asking how everything was. When she brought the check, my husband asked if she noticed the food was not touched and why she didn't say something, she replied very rudely yes I noticed and why didn't YOU say something. Only good thing about this restaurant was they didn't end up charging us for the disgusting food. Don't go! Worst restaurant we have ever experienced.
1	Worst experience in vegas.... I hate the service I hate the food.. waited 30 minutes just to get asked what I wanted to drink then another 40 minutes to get my food... I will never go back. Bad service and I wish I never ate there. BAD SERVICE. Dont go!!!!!!
4	Wow this little hole in the wall was delicious!  I ordered the Burger and Brew $9.99 special.  I will be back for sure.  The help was curious and checked on us several times.  The food was delivered fairly quickly and was hot.  Wow!!!
2	If this is only based on food, I will give it a 4.5 star but the service and the waiting time for food made the whole experience poor.I had lunch here on Sat and Sun. On Sat, they server looks like she just can't handle all her tables and will disappear for a long time. It took her more than 5 minutes to get my glass of water and another 20 minutes to get my hamburger out. She did tell me 15 minutes in the kitchen is getting busy so the food is coming out slow.On Sunday, it was a different server but the same story. I ordered hot tea, she gave me a cup of hot water and I requested a different tea bag but she never came back with one so I have to use my own from my purse. The food came out almost 30 minutes later with the same "kitchen is backed up" problem when we ordered two sandwiches. Suggestions for the manager: Keep your servers in a small serving area and not all over the place when your service is that slow and result in poor quality. The girls are nice but somehow not doing the best job they can. Do something about your kitchen! Kitchen is backed up is an awful thing for a restaurant. I watched the tables around me and I can feel their mood going worse and worse sitting there for a refill, for their food and then for their check. Everything is about waiting at your restaurant, please hire more people or do a better training for your employees.
3	Our friends invited us here, they got a groupon 4 beers, and I think it was 4 appetizers. The waitress.....was a waitress, nothing exceptional about her. So we ordered, chicken strips, 2 pretzels,Tavern tots.  It was pretty freaking good, the Pretzels are huge, so I just to a bite or 2, because all that bread just expands in your stomach.  The chicken strips and Tavern tots were really good.  We will return, we saw they have chicken and waffles, so we have to go and check that out.
3	Burger and Beer special: $10: great! Try the sliders. Bangers and (not mashed) for breakfast: good.Chicken and Waffles: Good.$4 Breakfast: perfect for kids! (one pancake, one sausage, one bacon, one egg) You have to ask for it. It's not on the menu. Wicked Vicky French Toast: Good way to get syrup on everything!Service was slow at all times. Some of this had to be the kitchen because our food was always an appropriate temperature, but ordering and getting drinks was pretty slow.  The tavern was busy, but not crushed each time we ate there (three times). Waitstaff didn't even bother with a greeting a couple of the times. On our last visit (for the burger special), the waitress was very nice. Ok for kids for meals. Sounds like they have over 21 for music and other acts. Final: if you are staying at the Riv and need food, this is decent food at a decent price. If you want someone to be pleasant and give you some hand holding for service, you should probably go somewhere else. If you are in a hurry, you should probably go somewhere else.
4	Great food but the service is a little slow. Got seated pretty quickly but there was no crowd.  Took a while before the waitress came over. I had a groupon for 3 appetizers and 2 beers with a comedy show included. Definitely a great value for the money. I would highly recommend checking for one before you go there.  It's inside of the riviera casino so it's not exactly one of the newer places around. The decor is a little dated. The food came out quickly and tasted great. I had the nachos, Fried calamari, and popcorn shrimp. All were enormous portions. I wasn't able to finish any of them off.I would come back the service was not as bad as I had seen in the other reviews. May have been because it was a slower night I went.
1	I don't like giving 1 star reviews because I can always find a positive in the situation. Not tonight. We purchased a Groupon for 3 appetizers, 2 beers and 2 comedy club tickets. The waitress in our area turned on the attitude the second I pulled out my phone to pull up the Groupon. That was her first mistake. I always, always, always tip full value when using a Groupon. She saw Groupon and saw doom. We are not beer drinkers. Reading other reviews on here, there are some who substituted a soda for the beer. We politely asked to substitute. She hastily said she would have to ask her manager. Yeah right. She didn't want to be bothered by us. We told her nevermind, just a couple of waters. Tables seated after us (had her for a waitress) received their food first. Our food came out room temp. One time she refilled our water but those who were ordering beers had her full attention and were refilled quickly. After dealing with her slow and poor service, she handed me the bill and said "all that's left is tax and gratuity." OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOK, thanks for telling me it's mandatory to tip you. Especially since you immediately dismissed me, were nice to other patrons but rude to me and one time refilled my water despite it sitting there in plain sight empty. Never again!
2	Good food but very slow service. SiMa and AAPEX was in town and they only had two waitress for the whole floor. They my gf's order was wrong but we ate it anyway. Getting drinks refills was really slow. We only ate there because we had a coupon.
1	Hostess rude. Service was extremely slow and the food was below average and cold. Was supposed to get French tip squares for spinach dip but instead got stale tortilla chips. When asked waitress about it she was rude. Took forever to get food and then no one ever returned to ask how it was or if I needed anything else. In fact after 30 minutes I finally walked to the bar to ask for another beer. I regret leaving the small tip that I did leave. I would never, ever go back. The chicken strips were dry, overcooked, and tiny. Bad meal and bad service.
4	Went to dinner last night and had the Buffalo Wings and beer special.  I didn't think it would be enough food but as it turns out, it was. What a great price.Needless to say, the wings were pretty darn good.  The beer was also pretty good. What a great price. :-)The waitress was pretty good and we had great service.   Another waitress dropped a tray full of food being delivered to a table.all the staff moved in really fast and cleared the area and had it cleaned up in no time.   Very proficient.  Very precise.  No move was wasted. What a team !!!
4	This was a great place to hang out after attending a trade show at the convention center.  It was so nice to go to something that felt like a comfortable "bar" vs. a theme bar or a smoke-heavy bar in a casino.  They had an awesome beer selection and offered half yards.  The burgers were huge and awesome.  I had a salad which was actually large and delicious.  Service was friendly.  Not super fast, but then we weren't in a hurry either.  Our server was very friendly and helpful.
5	The customer service is awesome! The bartender Ricky is amazing. Very sweet!!  Good food and DRANKS!!
4	Forgot to mention the comedy show.  The night I went the first comedic was average but the second was absolutely hilarious. So if you can get the groupon it's definitely worth the price.
3	Food was good.  Service was eh..  The reason for a 3 star rating is because of the "substitution policies"  they have in place.  We just wanted some tater tots instead of fries (which is served with other dishes).  The server was adamant that they could not do the substitution and didn't even ask the manager if it is something they could do. My advice,  at least try to make your customers happy..
