4	JD and I stopped in for a late lunch on Superbowl Sunday.  The first thing that I noticed and loved was the salsa bar!  I am a salsa fanatic and always ask for a trough of it at every mexican restaurant I visit. How nice to be able to help myself! So we wasted no time ordering chips and a plain cheese quesadilla. I was in salsa heaven! We got every kind they had and mixed up some tasty concoctions. Chips were thin, crispy and great with salsa and our quesadilla was good too (I think it'd be hard to mess one up really)! I had a chicken soft taco and a cheese and onion enchilada, JD had a chicken burrito. The enchilada was the very best, covered in a spicy red sauce with just enough cheese. My chicken taco was fine but JD's burrito was pretty blah. He said it tasted like mush. I tasted it too and agreed, I think because all you could really taste was rice. There wasn't a whole lot of chicken in it. We agreed that the salsa bar and the enchilada saved the place from failing (in our eyes) and agreed to give it another go in the future.
5	To me 5 stars are for when the service, atmosphere, food and drinks all add up to be a great experience.Well the service was top notch....our waitress was wonderfully friendly, helpful and happy.The atmosphere is clean and simple but that is what adds to the charm, especially in the afternoon.....when the sun comes filtering through during happy hour it really is a magical spot....one of the many reasons I love the desert.The food was very tasty...I tried the grilled chicken tacos and my husband tried the ground beef tacos....both very good.An ADDED BONUS to this place is definitely the extra station they have set up for you to choose your condiments. What is an even BIGGER bonus is that you are free to take home any ones you particularly like. BUT WAIT....what gets even better is that is is all prepared on the premises....and I must say delicious....there is always a huge taste difference between "previously prepared" and "home made". Another added bonus I must point out is their Margaritas ..... I was hesitant to order one (even though they were only $3 during happy hour) ... because I can't handle sugary drinks....the waitress assured us these would not be sweet as they use NO pre mixers...YAY....she was right ....these Margaritas tasted real! Equal levels of sour to sweet.So service, atmosphere, food and drinks were all wonderful....hence the five stars.
4	I usually never change my review...so this is a first.  After giving this place a very honest review (not favorable) I had been contacted by the owner to come back.  He had said he had made a bunch of changes.  I refused, and wished him luck.  As it turns out my friends go there A LOT and drug me in there one night.  Our service was amazing...and fast.  Everyone there was so wonderful, I felt bad about my previous review.  I wondered if the great experience was because my friends go all the time, and it was just them that were getting great service.  I went with my hubby a few days later.  Our server was beyond amazing.  I told him I have some food allergies, and he was so great about it.  Our food came very fast, and just how we had ordered it.  There were a lot of people in that night, but our server still took the time to chat with us for a second.   We went back a THIRD time...still waiting for the prior bad experience to rear it's ugly head.  We had a different server...much to my surprise, she was amazing as well.  Not only was she great, our server from the last time saw us and made sure he said good bye to us.  I give the owner a big congrats on turning this place around.  It is now one of my favorite mexican food places in the area.  Congrats Juan Jamie's...you changed this stubborn girls mind!!!!
2	We've been there twice. Both times I've walked away unimpressed. The carnitas in the burritos are tasty, so is the chicken that comes in the burritos. However the overall experience is unremarkable. There's a salsa bar with several different types of bland salsa. The service, while really polite and warm is very slow. They have good servers there, just not enough of them. I kept noticing both times how my server was working just about every table I could see. As for the cost, dinner for 2 plus tip, was about $30. I can get the same amount of food with meat every bit as tasty at Chipotle for $14. Considering the premium paid over that at Juan Jamie's, especially adding in slow service I don't think it's worth it.
2	So I went to this new location located off of Hayden in North Scottsdale.  They have had signs up for a while so I was pretty excited to have something new for a change.  We came in at diner time, and went only for dinner, no drinks.I looked at the menu and saw 10 dollars for three tacos, I thought it was kind of expensive, but maybe the tacos were really good.I also ordered chips and salsa, and they weren't free. That was a joke.  I ordered one steak, one chicken, and one Chorizo and Egg.The steak and the Chorizo and Egg were just terrible.  I had one in a hard shell, and one in a soft shell.  They tasted pretty much the same, and the texture was rubbery.  The Chicken was decent, and had a little flavor.  My Fiancee ordered the Vegetarian Tacos, which consisted of beans and green peppers and a hell of a lot more grease than anything I ordered.  One was so grease filled she had to throw it out.They also had a Salsa Bar that had 4 different Salsas.  One had no taste, one had no taste but was hot, one tasted of onions, and the Green Verde salsa had a lot of flavor and was really spicy.  So 1for 4 is above average, right?  It's good in baseball I guess.The soft shell tacos were a lot better than the hard shells, I would recommend if you have to eat there,  go for the soft.  Chicken rather than steak.But hey, I gave Rubios 1 star, so this is at least a step up, but for a lot more money.
4	Trying the Scottsdale location, have eaten at the Chandler location. Lunch with friends form the office, introduced them to street tacos and the salsa bar. Everyone enjoyed the meal.
5	This is a happy hour review.This one is easy. We have been here for happy hour once a week since it opened. We bring friends here. We bring family here. We bring work here. We call it Juan Yummies now... We are addicted. Something like 100 tequilas to choose from. The host/owner (Andy?) know his tequila... ask him for a recommendation. We have actually started keeping track of our favorite teq's and he can make suggestions based on what YOU like and suddenly you know what to look for in taste and body. I hope this does not turn me into a teq snob.Average patio (couple too many kids for our liking), sexy cute servers (love Jamie), and fast bartending.Foodwise, you can choose your meat in all the traditional dishes and it's been fun to work through the choices. I like the carnitas and for god's sake get some ground beef in a hard shell... Who knew?  Also love the taco sauce at the salsa bar... kinda like the little taco bell packets, only tasty... if that makes sense. Yeah we can walk to Yummies and the prices are a little Scottsdaley, but dang it's good and you can eat and sip a nice teq for under $25 including a XX on tap during happy hour.Take the drive. Mmmm.
1	Slow service. Overpriced. I was not impressed. I won't go back
1	If Juan Jaime was from Mexico, he would be totally embarrassed to eat what they call Mexican in this Tacos and tequila joint. I ordered some tacos, one with carne asada, one with pork and one with chicken. You could not make a decent taco out of these three; no flavor, no juiciness,no taste whatsoever. The black beans were dry and tasteless so was the rice. Juan, if you can hear me , please tell your people they need to educate themselves on real Mexican food, after all it is your name that it is at stake!!!  A good place to go and familiarize with true authentic  Mexican food is Los Reyes de la torta. Mexican food at its best, I dare you Juan to check it out.
1	There is not really very many options of decent Mexican food up here in North Scottsdale.  When Pinata was here at this location, their food was excellent! Of course it changed owners, turned disgusting and shut down.  Sat empty for a while then we see signs that a new Mexican restaurant is moving in...Will the 3rd time be the charm? I THINK NOT!You get 3 little tacos for $10 comes with beans and rice(both inedible)  We had chicken and carnitas tacos, and I got the chicken and beef tacos. We both got hard shell.  Taco bell's hard shell tacos are more satiating!  Are the meats they use pretty tasty? Yes!  But seriously? Their food comes in street sizes. It comes to you in plastic dishes.  It is run like a Baja Fresh fast food joint with restaurant prices. The only difference is that they serve alcohol and they actually take your order at the table.  That is, slowly take your order. The place wasn't busy, but our server had a very short attention span and was cohorting with the table next to us, and ignoring us completely.  ~AND~YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR CHIPS AND SALSA???? WHATTTTT??????This is to deter their BAR crowd to sit and eat chips and salsa all night and just drink the happy hour specials and get free chips/salsa? AND to top it all off, you have to go up to this baja fresh/rubios looking salsa bar and get your own.  But there are no self service chips here...YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR THOSE! WTFThe salsa is just o-kay Chips-meh!I can't wait 'til this closes down so another mexican place can take over...yet again...and maybe it will surpass this one.
4	After reading some of the reviews, I probably would not have stopped in here - but I'm glad I did go because I really like this place.No this is not "true mexican food" everyone - it's a healthier interpretation of an Americanized version.  They try hard and the food is very good - and I give them 4 stars for that.  They have healthier options you can choose like whole wheat instead of flour tortillas if you'd like.  The Taco Salad comes with a Cilantro Vinaigrette that is yummy and light and there is no fried taco shell.  One small note - the ground beef is a bit spicy so if you're not a spice fan, you should opt for the steak instead.Favorites on the list - Burrito (ground beef) Enchilada style with creamy green sauce, Taco Salad and the tacos are really good.  My favorite tacos are the Mahi and -- holy crackers -- the shrimp taco's are to die for!  I also love their refried beans.  Not sure what they do to them but they are creamy, delicious and addicting.Ask for a Top Shelf margarita made by Eric and you will get a smoooooth and wonderful taste sensation.  The family and I go on Saturday afternoons as we always do and we've been coming here the longest now.  Yes, you pay for the chips and salsa but they are fresh and the rest of the food is so reasonable, I've paid more for much worse in other places that served free chips.Go in, have a margarita and some chips and queso.  Ask for Eric and let them know Olga and Ryan sent you...
4	This is a great spot for North Scottsdale.  There is nothing more than $10.  The taco trio is really good.  Comes with rice and beans.  I always have at least one mahi mahi.  Love it.  I also like the Mahi platter is I want a little less carbs.  Antonio is awesome he makes great margaritas which are really a deal.   Their happy hour is one of the more generous in town, it is until 8pm.  Another great thing is that they are open late.  Everything around our neighborhood closes around 9pm.
4	The food is quite good!  The flavors of the taco/burrito fillings is wonderful.  I like that they have both lettuce AND cabbage at the salsa bar so you can fill your taco how you like.  The tortillas are some of the best I've tasted.  The salsa is hit and miss.  There's a nice selection, but sometimes they can be either bland or way too hot.  The guacamole is AWESOME.  I've read some of the other reviews that say this place "isn't real Mexican".... uh, it's a heck of a lot closer to Mexican than most of the places in town.  Not sure what these other folks consider "real" Mexican.My only complaint is that I have to pay for chips and salsa.
4	Yummy food and great margaritas.  Often stop here on the way home.  Is a treat for us way up in NE valley to have a place like this right here in our neighborhood.  Sure, South Phoenix has the best mexican but that is also 40 miles away!
1	Tries to pass as a traditional Mexican food restaurant, but fails miserably. You have to pay for chips and salsa? I think not. What happened to real silverware and plates? I thought I was at the taco bell in terminal 4. The food would be alright if it was a fast food joint and half the price, but they charge the same if not more than most full service traditional Mexican food restaurants. AVOID!
1	After they gave me an excuse for bringing a dirty wine glass that was IT for me.  Never went back.  Bad service - waitress was snoddy.
1	not good! Stale taco shells and very little meat inside..We left hungry!! Pay for chips and salsa? What's that about?
4	I have had a great experience almost every time I have gone into Juan Jaime's.  Usually, I have gone in for lunch, and I have been greeted with a smile and quick service by the staff.  It is seat yourself, which is nice (except for when it is very busy). The have a spectacular and diverse menu...hot dogs really??? hah. I love their cilantro and white oinon on top of the steak tacos.seriously cute waitresses too.
4	My Boyfriend and I ate there tonight for the first time and we really enjoyed the food. The Owner was there and very nice to us and it was a great balance of good food good atmosphere and reasonable prices. We will be back and bring some friends!
4	This is a nice place to stop by for a quick beer and tacos - usually fast service and reasonable prices. Its great for a quick lunch on a warm day (just don't sit on the west side in summer). Its in a strip mallnear Fry's - so I don't expect top notch Mexican cuisine or a place to impress a dinner date. Just a fun stop while out running errands and a welcome addition to the neighborhood...
4	After my last review I received a sincere note from John the owner inviting me back to see the changes he had made the menu since my last visit. I have had a chance to visit twice since then and John and his staff have out done themselves. The food is wonderful (I recommend the grilled steak burrito enchilada style). With the new menu changes it qualifies as a traditional Mexican food restaurant. For those of you that frequent Jalapeno's in north Scottsdale this is a great alternative. Check it out!
3	I was really unaware of the sheer number of different types of Tequila until I stumbled upon this restaurant. So thank you, Juan Jaime's, for that educational experience! My partner and I stumbled into Juan Jamie's for happy hour because we were intrigued by the tequila in the title. Sitting at the bar, we were entertained by the vast amount of liquor to choose from. Over the course of our time at Juan Jamie's, I got two house margaritas, and my partner did a few shots of the different tequilas. We enjoyed all of our drinks! Since I hate drinking without food we ordered the chips and salsa. This appetizer wasn't fantastic but it went well with the drinks! Overall, an a-ok experience!
3	Good Mexican happy hour.  Food very mediocre, reminded me of microwave dinner, extremely salty and beans tasted like they where directly from the can (not even warmed).  However, they're happy hour is extremely reasonable, so due to limited mexican restaurants up north we'll be back.
1	DO NOT GO!Food.  Boring.  Drinks. Average.  Bartenders, chime in when when drunk patrons are making things uncomfortable.  Wish this place was worth while, but the food has no creativity and the bartenders make a stale maragarita at best.  Maybe this place is better for lunch, but after dinner, they may have sleeping bags for nap time.
2	Had the three taco lunch special.Service was friendly and prompt.Offered chips and salsa and the salsa that comes with the dish, albeit very mild, is good.  Tried an assortment of other salsas from the salsa bar.  The "taco sauce" was somewhat bland, the salsa verde was very good (and spicy) but the other salsas I tried were lacking punch.Ordered one carne asada, one chicken and one carnitas.All three tacos didn't quite have enough onions or cilantro for my tastes but the bartender brought some extra when I asked.Carne Asada really needed more marinade as it was bland.Chicken was good, but certainly benefitted from the salsa verde and a couple shakes of salt.Carnitas, a little over greasy, but flavor was good.There's not a huge beer selection, which is a positive, but had he standards and a good selection of mexican beers.Hopefully they can get the spice levels set correctly and I would be more than happy to give it another shot.
4	Pleasantly surprised here compared to yelp expectations.  Very good prices/value, very good happy hour hours (till 8), and good service (Thursday night).  Place felt like a bar overall but plenty of families in the seating area.  Food quality was good, especially queso & chips (with free queso refill).  $3.50 margarita was exceptional for that price.
5	Loved this place. Good for families for dining. Food was yummy and margaritas were fabulous. Price was really inexpensive and we will be regulars now. Thumbs up
3	I like this place because it's a super short walk from where I live, but I wouldn't recommend it as a place to go if you would have to drive more than a few minutes. My boyfriend & I have only been going in for lunch where it's been pretty empty & quiet.The place is pretty nice inside for a strip mall restaurant and has a small outdoor patio with an indoor/outdoor bar and window walls that open up. There are a few tv's for watching games. The menu is standard tex mex & delivers a good meal, if not especially exciting. I've had:- Quesadilla: These things are massive, as in an entire pizza pan massive. The cheese is a little on the rubbery side, and there isn't much filling other than cheese. - Queso Dip: Better than nacho cheese but not as good as queso fundido. It's fine for dipping.- Salad: Fresh fillings & decently sized. - Cheese Enchiladas: Pretty okay. The sauce is average, but tastes really amazing if you're looking for a greasy alcohol absorbing meal. - Rice: Average. Pretty much tastes like grocery store rice.
5	If you are looking for a low cost meal in North Scottsdale, this is it!  Great for dine-in and take-out, my husband and I love this place!Know what you are getting into...its not fancy...just a fun local hang out.
4	This is a Mexican cafe with a very limited, very good menu. The quality and portion size are an outstanding value. They have a salsa bar, a real bar, and an outdoor patio. I've heard the bar can get pretty packed late night.
5	OK. We were starving. My wife and my girlfriend had just gotten pedicures and I had been wasting time at the Home Depot while they were being pampered. I digress. We were starving so we all decided on Mexican. The Yelping began. We decided on Juan Jaime's base mainly on a good friend's recommendation and not the reviews. We were not disappointed! Two of us had the three taco lunch and one of us ordered sides. The three taco lunch consisted of fish, pork and shrimp along with rice and beans. The pork was outstanding! The fish and shrimp were solid. All three of us had the house Margaritas and they were simply delicious. Brandon was our excellent server. My wife wanted me to deduct a star from my rating because we had to pay for chips and salsa. The excellent service (and my two Margaritas) got the star back. We will return to Juan Jaime's!
4	Mexican bar with some class in North Scottsdale. Open atmosphere, large patio, with a dual sided outside-connected bar. The chips are thin and hot with a salsa bar with 5 different types of varying heat levels. I usually get the tasty street-style tacos with a big portion of quality meat filling. Good selection of mexican beers on tap. There is one negative, their house margarita is a little weak, in a small glass, and was filled with too much ice. I hit up this place often though because of the combo of quality, quick service, and price.
5	I've been there three times in the past week ... outstanding food, great prices.  I'm not much of a salad eater, however I really dig on their salad.  I skip ordering any dressings and go straight to their fresh salsa bar, grab a cup of the hot green salsa, and use that instead.  Highly recommended for a quick, tasty, inexpensive Mexican meal.
3	Service was very nice but slow due to crowd of people coming in at once.   Ambiance is very good. Comes down to food though, where the burrito I had was very dry, salsa was just ok, and guac was bland. Great chips though and salsa was (while bland), still fresh and easily accessible at the bar.
4	Just an update to my previous review. A few reviews had complained about having to pay for chips & salsa. On my most recent visit, chips & salsa were free as long as you were purchasing a meal item...
3	Good place to meet and chat with neighbors. Fun atmosphere, the bartenders are a breath of fresh air. Food is good and nicely priced.
3	I was in here for lunch the other day.  The first thing I noticed when I sat at the bar was that there wasn't a bartender.  Needless to say, that made for really slow service over the course of my meal.The food itself was pretty decent.  I had the steak platter which came with rice, beans and tortillas.  I liked the seasoning on the steak and felt that it was a good amount of food for the price.Would I come back again?  Maybe. JJ's just didn't really wow me.
4	Stopped in here for a quick lunch bite with my friends before we were off to get our hair done at Primp and Blow. Loved the green salsa best (hotter which I prefer), I enjoyed my cadillac margarita, one of my friends ordered a mango margarita and the other two-house. Considering we were going to be having a big dinner later that night, I opted to have their taco salad with chicken. Loved it!! Included with guacamole, very flavorful and filling!! Also the house chips are light, warm and crisp!!Definitely plan to return here soon!
2	The food is amazing but the service is terrible every time I go there. It doesn't matter what time of day or how slow it is or which server I get. Time to hire a new serving staff.
5	JJ's is the best! Took us awhile to discover but worth it. Their food is great, especially for the price, and the service is awesome. Neighborhood type of place. Great atmosphere. The Enchalida Stlye Buritto is the best. Get it with red aside, but be careful, HOT. We go back often, because the food is so consistent.
4	Good food fast. Strong drinks. Fair prices.
3	Mediocre lunch spot. Reasonably priced. I had the taco salad with carnitas (pork), the salad seemed fresh and the pork was really good there just was not very much of it at all. The chips were cold and not very crunchy but fine. My husband had the steak burrito with no complaints. The service was fine and fast.
4	Cool salsa bar and good tacos are the staple.  My wife likes it as do our kids.  This restaurant really works for us.  We are usually seated right away, the waiters and waitresses are helpful and friendly and the food is consistently good.Every now and then the bartender is a little slow, and I wish they had a better beer selection.  Other than that, this place is one of our regular spots.
5	Great Mexican food!  Lots of food, cool salsa bar, not expensive, and great service.  We'll definitely be back!
3	Do not understand why Jaun Jaime's Tacos and Tequila would rate 5 stars. I ordered the chicken burrito "enchilada" style. Which means they pour some sauce on top and charge you a couple of more bucks.  Pass on that.  The sauces are uninspired and you will do better at the salsa bar.It is weird that they charge for chips but you could probably make a small salad at the "salsa bar" for free. Did not try the margaritas, so maybe thats the key to enjoyment. Fast and friendly service. Uninspired but edible food.  I'd meet friends there, but I wouldn't suggest it.
5	We have lived in area for two years. We go there at least once a week. The food is good and the service is great. Great salsa bar and outstanding tacos. Their taco salads are really good too. The most expensive item on the menu is like $10. They make a skinny margarita that my wife loves.  The best wait staff is Eric, Danny, or Tia.
2	Short and sweet:  a local restaurant with a poor selection of beer, why don't they offer some of the outstanding local craft beers? Not just the crowd pleasers, but some good IPAs and stouts?  If only some good beer, I would be in once or twice a week.  And, it's in poor taste for a "Mexican" restaurant to charge for chips. The authentic places provide chips free of charge. I'm disappointed, but not a lost cause ... hope these guys come around to better beer and I'll become a regular.
5	I love coming here after 9PM.  Such a fun atmosphere!Food is always awesome! and the bartenders are even better.  They treat you like family and take care of you like family.  You're not just a customer here, you're a guest!
5	Best local hot spot. Perfect place for a quick lunch, happy hour or late night fun. Great prices, friendly staff and fun atmosphere.. All age groups enjoy Jjs!
2	If you mind waiting 30 minutes for water and more than 45 minutes for a soda, then you probably shouldn't go here.We had a table of 10 here for Father's Day - and they weren't even that busy - and that's how long we waited for drinks. Oh and we sat down and were never given menus, we got those for ourselves.However, the food is decent. The salsa is good. And the food and drinks are cheap. Though I wouldn't come here again since it's irritating to wait so long for a drink in 110 degree heat, some may not mind and then maybe this place is worth trying. But if you're like me and love Mexican food and a great experience, I wouldn't recommend spending your money here.
1	Bartender on Wednesday night total a$$. 3 times I had to ask what beer they have on tap after he gave me a menu that doesn't list what beer they have and then Gave me an attitude moron should be fired. I will never go there again and will bad mouth to everyone I know
1	Very poor service and their tacos tasted like corn tortillas.  You had to load them up with salsa for flavor.  Salsa selection is nice as in the patio seating.  Makes sense for happy hour but the beer i had from the tap was pretty flat.  Really not much good to reference here except the salsas.  Unfortunately that is not something you can build a restaurant on.
1	This place is seriously a poor example of how not to prepare, as well as serve Mexican food. I should have ran when I saw a hot dog on the menu, then got served small portions on a plastic plate. The food was simply horrible, and my date said her tacos (while chicken) tasted like fish. I had enchiladas, and they were the incorrect meat combinations I had ordered. Not only that but there was no flavor and it was also salty. I returned our overpriced dishes, paid for our beers and drove home-- only to get sick along with my date the following day! seriously!  I have doubts about the cleanliness of their kitchen. Is the cook washing his cutting boards properly? Mixing meats? ..... Won't be back in my lifetime. The only redeeming thing about the experience was that our polite and courteous Waitress was well versed in the procedure of returning their sub par pseudo mexican dishes to the kitchen.** Note to the owner:   Even IF a meal was comped , I don't think Id be back. I appreciate the response, saying your kitchen is clean. Perhaps both my girlfriend and I just endured a rare occurrence ; but the food wasn't good either.  I think it's time for a new kitchen staff, and probably new guidelines on how to prepare or store meat.  Just my two cents ; because I never get sick from food - this was my first time in 10 + years. And if you get me sick, you can bet your bottom dollar I won't be back.
5	Pleasantly surprised! I know this sounds weird, but great water is hard to find if you aren't a drinker! Great service, surprisingly high quality, fresh food and great prices. It seems like all the reviews are only for the bar, but hey- where can you find fresh food that is actually good until 1am? Comfortable, up-beat atmosphere. Tiffany our server was very nice, attentive, and recommended the shrimp tacos which I loved. -- this place is under-rated! :)
5	Let me just say that this has been a long time coming...Living across the street for over two years now, Juan Jaime's is my go to place... Really it is the perfect fix for 'anytime' food or drink. Shane and Martin (Marteen) are the two guys that make this place what it is... Ask anyone who comes here consistently and they will tell you that its these guys will take care of you at the bar and make you're night more memorable, regardless of how it started!  Coolest reasons to come here? ** Always, ALWAYS open until 2am. Most places close up shop around here if the heartbeat drops but you can always count one Juan's to have a drink left for you. ** Loaded quesadillas and chips and salsa are worth the trip in itself, ask Martin to spray some salt and lime juice on your chips to get that 'little extra'
5	One of my favorites!!! Fresh food and salsa, and always great service!!
1	Yep.....una estrella!  Someone accidentally listed this in the mexican genre. This was taco bell with nice decor and a bar.  If those are the kind of boots you wear go for it.....not me.  Granted i did not partake in the alcohol, so maybe around 10PM on a friday night with a few beers maybe the tacos start to look and taste beautiful.  A tactic many establishments use....turn down the lights, turn up the alcohol....they'll pay for whatever i put on the plate.
4	Great little taco spot in the neighborhood with good beer selections and a good happy. They have good service and a nice crowd.
5	This place has awesome food and drinks.  They have different options for salsa and they are very accommodating with options to eat.  They have a friendly staff and is great with kids.  I would recommend this place to all!
5	Juan's is my spot! Love the atmosphere, great food, drinks, and service. Very reasonable prices allow this to be a neighborhood bar and restaurant to frequent. Love the shrimp tacos and the enchaladas.
5	The name honestly says it all, it's about the TACOS AND THE TEQUILA! If you are looking for a place to go with the best happy hour margaritas, you've come to the right place! The margs are a steal, not to mention they are made with fresh ingredients and pretty strong too !!  That's a rare combo to find, so while you are filling up on said margaritas, you eat some chips and order a hard shell taco with beans and rice and BAM your night is a win win.For the people who bashed on this place pretty hard, don't let their reviews scare you into passing up this place!! If you plan to come to JJ's (abbreviated because this place is near and dear to my heart) to get some fancy, elaborate Mexican food with tons of options of the menu, you will be disappointed. BUT ! if you come to JJ's to watch a game or two, listen to some interesting music choices, have some drinks with your friends, meet some interesting characters and then eat a taco, you won't be disappointed in the slightest  !!!
2	Tequila must make the experience a lot better.....  Not sure where the 5 star reviewers have eaten their tacos, but JJTT's food has a long walk to authenticity and quality.  Regardless of the underwhelming impression that the food will make, the staff is friendly and nice.  The folks who were drinking definitely appeared to be enjoying themselves.
4	Went here a couple of times on a recent trip to Scottsdale.  Had great service and good food both trips.  I recommend the queso and chips but I was a little underwhelmed by the salsa.  Also, the margaritas were a little on the sweet side.  As a comparison, I absolutely loved the margaritas at Rehab Burger.  Would I go back here again?  Absolutely.
2	I admit I didn't have very high expectations walking into this place. My girlfriends were meeting there for Happy Hour and after reviewing other Yelp reviews, I wasn't too excited. I was right...The food: I got Mahi Mahi platter. The fish was pretty gross and bland. The menu said that it was grilled, but it tasted mushy and boiled. Like someone just defrosted it and threw on the griddle right before the order.  The only item that was nearly edible on the plate were the black beans, but even they tasted right out of a can to the plate style.Drinks: I actually was not planning on drinking that night, but asked what kind of wine they had. The waitress said house. I asked if they had a wine list, she literally rolled her eyes and said that they only have house white and red. I decided to skip it and stick with water.Service: I worked as a server for 5 years throughout college years and I usually have a lot of patience for servers as I know their job is very hard. Our waitress literally had a smart remark to everything we said or rolled her eyes. When we finally asked for the bill, she took 20 minutes to bring it to us and spilled a sweet drink all over our credit cards while checking us out. She didn't even bother to wipe the mess when she brought us our bills back. Everything was covered in a sticky mess!!Unfortunately, will not be going back to this place.
2	The food was just eh. I only ordered a bean and cheese burrito, but it was just satisfactory.The service was the worst part about this place. Our server, for some reason, was extremely rude to us the entire time we were there. She rolled her eyes at us a few times, and was very quick to respond (and at times didn't respond at all). The only time she said something halfway friendly was just before we were about to write in our tips. Go figure.We won't be returning.
5	Love this place! Great food at fair prices. Excellent service. But unless your into a more mature singles scene don't go on Friday or Saturday nights.
1	Ok, so a year later, I came back with the hope that the beer selection had improved.  After all, the trend is for restaurants and bars to improve craft beer selection.  I'm disappointed.  No craft beer on tap, and a couple of generic craft beers in the bottle. I can't imagine it would take much to get a variety of real craft beer ... several IPAs, some witbiers/hefe selections, and perhaps some stouts and porters. It would be an easy way to attract the beer aficionados with the money and interest to come in and have some quality beer. The food is GREAT, it's just that the beer selection SUCKS. Probably the last time I come into this place ... bummer.
5	Don't let the residents of North Scottsdale keep this place all to themselves... JJ's (as the locals call it) is an inviting little cantina style restaurant --- with lots of big windows, high top tables, and garage style windows that open up to the delightful patio. It's the perfect stop for a casual family dinner or happy hour with friends after a long day at work.The Margarita... fill it up again!!!I'll start by saying that I am a very picky margarita sipper. It can't be too sweet, but definitely not too sour... and I like to taste the tequila but not get punched in the face with it. Juan Jamie's is home to my favorite margarita in Scottsdale.The secret lies in their homemade sweet and sour concoction made daily with fresh squeezed lemon and limes. Marry this with a little triple sec and tequila of your choice and POW! I can't think of a more refreshing drink on a hot day... or a cold day...The "Tres Amigos" - 3 parts AWESOME...The "Tres Amigos" is an edible trio of homemade salsa, warm cheesy queso, and authentic guacamole served with a basket of house made tortilla chips.  I dare you to find a bad combination. Salsa with the cheese, cheese with the guacamole, guacamole with the guacamole... you get the picture. ;-)I could eat these tacos all day long...So simple, NOT boring. JJ's serves several kinds of tacos including white meat chicken, grilled mahi mahi, carnitas and shrimp... but I can't get enough of the perfectly seasoned ground beef!! You get your choice of flour or corn tortillas. Each taco comes with two tortillas bound together with special cheese blend --- they keep the toppings simple with a little fresh cilantro and white onion. Garnish till your heart's content with one of the 6 homemade salsas at the salsa cart...Juan Jamie's makes everyone feel at home. So whether you live in the neighborhood or not, it's worth the trip. You'll be glad you did and I'll bet it won't be your last. :)With food and love,-Ashley
5	This is a really great casual place, with a decent size patio and bar that opens up to the patio.  Its a fairly limited menu - mainly burritos and tacos - but they are great!  And very reasonably priced.  Our favorite is the enchilada style burrito, with red sauce.    And they are dog friendly, so we'll often walk over with the pup.They also have a great flavored vodka selection, in addition to lots of tequila choices.
5	I LOVE this spot!!!!! Excellent tacos, so fresh and kick-butt salsas. Oh and the extra thin fresh tortilla chips! So good!
5	Love this Grayhawk neighborhood spot. Good food that's cheap! They have a great salsa bar as well and a nice patio area for when it's nice out!
4	This place needs craft beer on tap which would go well with their menu IMO.  Their grilled steak tasted great and their ingredients were fresh.  Great place to watch the game and hang out in the patio area since there are plenty of TVs around the bar area.  The waitress reminded us of Mila Kunis and Michelle Rodriguez into one ;-)
4	We returned again after the owner reached out to us to apologize about our previous experience there. This time around, our server Eric was wonderful. He was very attentive and friendly and everything came out quickly as well.Between the four of us, we ordered drinks (great margaritas!), the trio chip appetizer, tacos, and sopapillas. All of the food was very good.The prices here are excellent. Our total bill was very inexpensive for all that we ordered. This is a fun hangout spot!
5	After the previous review,  I was contacted by the owner. I was very impressed by how genially he seemed to care to find out the reason behind the low star rating and eager to fix the issues. This convinced me enough to give this place another shot.This time I brought my boyfriend with me as well as another couple, the girl of which was there with me on my original trip to this place. The reason behind the stars increase was the service. Our server  was very attentive and knowledgeable. He brought me a wine list!!! It turns out they do have one! I ordered a glass of Chardonnay and the rest of the party got margaritas which were delicious!The food was brought out quickly and was very yummy. We got appetizer trio, I ordered the fish again. This time it was actually grilled and tasted good. The rest of the party seemed to enjoy their food as well. The meal was finished off with Sopapillas!! Although if I could do anything different is add ice cream to dessert, Sopapillas were still great! All this and our bill was very reasonable!I am a bit baffled by how different my two visits were! Will def go back. Great place and great prices.
5	I just here from texas and the food here is decent but sometimes its the service that bumep up the stars.   The bartender Shane is friendly remebers his costumers and welcomes them like a friend.  Which is nice being new to the area
3	This place just never seems to wow me. Been there a few times but it is always just meh. Not great, not awful. The last time I went the server seemed a tad annoyed with my table. Not sure as to why? Though she did provide good service. The food: Chips and salsa are good! Absolutely love that they are free, and there is a nice little salsa bar which is cool. I ordered the vegetarian tacos the last time I went and they were just alright. Kind of basic and bland. Also not a big fan of their rice, and I usually like rice from pretty much anywhere. One big pro for me is that they are very reasonably priced, which is nice in the expensive area of North Scottsdale.This place is just okay, not somewhere I crave the food from, but not awful.
4	This place is a very solid four. Our service was exceptional. The salsa bar is great. It's hard not to give it five stars since it's so affordable, but the food won't wow you. When was the last time you would seriously give the food at a Mexican restaurant five stars? You can't go wrong at this place. The value in unbeatable for this area of North Scottsdale.
5	The food is delicious and the prices are low!That's all I can really say! The food is very fresh and it's all primarily under $10.Decided to try this place thinking it would be a bust... But I was pleasantly surprised.I am now eating here all the time.Highly recommend!
5	We have patronized Juan Jaimes T&T a few times now and have always had a great experience. This last trip was by far the best. Kudos to Jaclyn who made our last experience one of the best ever. We have an 8 month old so dining out can be an experience to say the least. From the moment we were seated she expressed genuine interest in our little guy and did many little things to make dining out with him as easy as could be. She was extremely friendly and was on top of everything. The food has been awesome every time and I recommend both the grilled steak and shrimp as your meat of choice. The guacamole is excellent as well. We will continue to frequent T&T and recommend it to all out friends!You guys rock!
5	Love Juan Jamie's and Shane!! A great place to grab a drink or a quick bite. You can even get your order to-go if you would like. I highly recommend stopping by. Great service, super friendly staff and always a good time.
5	Service was great, atmosphere was cool. The food was lighter than normal Mexican but still tasted authentic. I'm big on beans and rice and chips and salsa. This place was excellent with all 3. The food is also really well priced. I got a two taco plate - 1 veggie and 1 shrimp. Both were light and tasty. The portion sizes were not oversized which I actually appreciated. Will definitely come back.
5	Favorite place around me for tacos.  Super simple and always perfect.  No frills and I love it!  Margs are pretty decent for under $5, too.  Hard to beat!!!
3	I've been eating here for a long time and the first thing I want to mention is the rice and beans. They are the closest to my moms flavor out of any restaurant. Nobody does it like mom of course but these guys are close. So why did they only get three stars from me you say? Because they're very expensive for the portion you get. Not the rice and beans but the lunch specials of two tacos with rice and beans. It's two mini tacos and boy are they small. The other complain is that they have a bad turn around and the new employees can never hang. The one female that's been there for a while is good though.Yes food is good but portions are not IMO.I don't recommend taking kids to this restaurant during lunch business hours. It gets packed and busy so the wait can be too much for any kid.
3	Surprisingly enough North Scottsdale is devoid of quality tacos.  Juan Jaime's has a small but solid menu that makes for a nice lunch.  I do believe that this place is better served as fast casual concept rather then a place offering sit down service.
1	Just not a favorite place. Food is subpar and bar tenders seem to have their minds on the women customers versus trying to serve.  After giving a few try's will not go back.
4	One of my favorite Mexican restaurants. Amazing chips and salsa bar. I love their chicken or shrimp tacos. Everything is always consistently good.
4	This is a great spot! Fast friendly, funny service. Great food. Great spot for kids. Enough said.
5	Our favorite Mexican place in Scottsdale.  Happy hour margaritas and street tacos cannot be beat.  The price is the best around.  We have tried countless other Mexican restaurants and always come back to Juan Jaime's.  Located in a strip mall, the view and ambience is better than expected.
4	It's a nice spot for a decent lunch. Naturally I ordered the tacos figuring they'd be a solid choice for a place with "tacos" in the business name. Overall I was happy with the food quality and service. It tasted fresh and the meals arrived very quickly. The menu was simple and the prices very affordable. I'd return for a nice quick lunch. Salsa bar was good but you do have to pay for chips. The taco shells appeared and tasted pre-made too.
5	Excellent all around.   Service was super attentive and welcoming.  Drinks were good and reasonably priced.   Food was good bordering on great.   Menu is almost ala carte and overall very simple.  Easy to enjoy with little kids.
