4	yes this is in a mall, but it is by no means food court fare.  Kona has great sushi, salads, and entrees.  They have a hoppin happy hour as well.  I would recommend the teriyaki salmon salad and the Las Vegas Roll.
4	Centrally located, good but not great sushi, definitely a great place for "people watching", especially if you sit outdoors... Slightly overpriced, but that's probably to do with its location.
3	One of the more bizarre phenomenons I have seen... why is the place to be after work in Scottsdale a restaurant in a mall "basement"?  Is it the choice view of the parking garage entrance?  The gentle breeze laden with the scent of car exhaust ?  I swear, it's true.  Flocks of shiny happy people packed like sardines onto the postage stamp sized patio.  Maybe it's the proximity to the valet station, patio viewers can quickly size up the, errrr, "qualifications" of would be suitors?  I just don't know.On a more serious note, the food is pretty good.  The drinks are pretty good.  The restaurant itself is modern and stylish.  I would definitely (and have) popped into the restaurant after a day of shopping for a bite to eat.
4	Why did I give my favorite HAPPY HOUR place only four stars? Because getting a table during happy hour oftentimes entails inflicting bodily harm on other cheap-sushi hounds. On more than one occasion have I had to fight for a table (the patio area is free seating and it wasn't until a few weeks before I left Scottsdale that they actually added more tables)...all for $3 spicy tuna rolls, $4 goat cheese pizza and $2 margaritas. But just like the WWF Championship Belt, Kona's happy hour delights are definitely worth pouncing someone for!If you don't want to deal with the patio-seating mess, you have the option to PEACEFULLY enjoy the (full price) dishes served in the main dining area. I highly recommend the salmon salad!
4	The food is good. Some major deals to be had during happy hour. Here's a tip... they happy hour on weekends too, and it's much less crowded than it is the rest of the week. The patio is in a very undesirable location. View of the parking lot, exhaust fumes, etc, yes - it sucks. But this should demonstrate to you that the happy hour deals are just that good :-) And the last time i was there they mixed up a the best mojito i've had.
4	This place isn't too shabby. They have decent sushi and other items, but they don't have smoking sections... I mean I know that thing is GOING to pass, but not YET as of this review. The staff is interesting to watch when you drop a piece of edamame on the floor and watch them all seemly race to get it, but it is like a spy race where you aren't supposed to notice, but you totally can and the winner gets a cookie.
3	Kona Grill is located at the Scottsdale Mall and is a combo sushi/asian fusion restaurant.  For those outside of Phoenix, Scottsdale and Kona Grill is the "hang-out" place for the late 20 and 30's crowd on the prowl.As for the food, it is typical and ala Cheesecake Factory quality.  Large portions and competent.  There are no award winning meals here.  It is all about the scene....lamborghinis, luxury SUVs, etc....Scottsdale is fast becoming Orange County.
3	happy hour from 3-7.. and reverse happy hour 9-11 (m-th only though). Appetizers, pizzas and sushis half off, plus drinks. My suggestion, stay away from the calamari. I wasn't a big fan of it mainly because it tasted like starch... blech. Bbq chicken pizza wasn't too bad, though maybe a bit too tangy for my taste. Spicy tuna roll was alright, but what's up with the dot of wasabi? There was no wasabi on that plate...If you eat outside, you can see all the nice cars pulling up to the valet, but that's about it. Overall, good pricing, atmosphere was ok, service wasn't too bad. However, I have to say it's nothing out of the ordinary.
3	Located on "Happy Hour Row" in Scottsdale Fashion Square by the Yardhouse and Z'Tejas, Kona falls into the category of scenester joint with a plus size happy hour.There isn't much to whine about with the happy hour, except that maybe the discounts apply to inflated prices. So does that mean they're NOT ripping me off for those three hours? Ok, I guess. Food is good, not amazing. Overall, not bad, if you can get a seat and ignore the smell of cheezy bachelors on the prowl.
3	Yep, this place is crazy busy.  And like many observations confirm....the appeal of the basement dwelling, exhaust fume-smelling, valet-adjacent eatery escapes me as well - but I keep on going.  The truth is - the singles scene, convenience, taste and value of a Kona Grill happy hour has many people coming back as well.  I was just there on a Monday night - and couldn't believe how busy it was.  And considering the number of reviews this place has is another case in point. The sushi rolls (california, crab and tuna) are surprisingly good - not amazingly good, but more like "wow...I can't believe this is $2 sort of good."  A friend I usually go with is a calamari junkie - and always orders her own.  I guess it's that good.   I usually get the Maui wraps (i think that's what it's called) with your choice of either halibut or chicken in some kind of slaw - it's great.   Service leaves a bit to be desired.  It's usually pretty bad either because they are so slammed, or because we have some stuck-up blondie broad pissed that she actually has to lift a finger.  Either way it's still a good deal to check out, and I'll be going back again.
4	This place is always hopping and there's good reason why...great food and drinks at a fairly resonable price.  The swordfish is unbelievable as well as there signature stuffed chicken dish.  They also have sushi which makes for a greater starter before you sink your teeth into the delicious entree.  All in all a very popular and tasty place to dine or just chill after a hard day's work.
4	Was out in Scottsdale for a few days on business & visiting a friend - he recommended we grab a bite at this place..  I was skeptical about eating sushi in AZ - a landlocked state - but then again I eat it in Vegas all the time so why not?  This is a hip joint with a good-looking, young crowd.  They had a special happy hour menu where they offered a half dozen basic sushi rolls (spicy tuna, california, etc).  I ordered a few rolls and had a few drinks.. The service was FAST - especially considering how packed it was on a Thursday night.  This is a popular happy-hour spot in scottsdale, located near several businesses, mall, etc.  I'd return next time I'm in town!
3	I wasn't sure what to expect after reading the reviews here....while I wouldn't say it's in the basement I do get the whole car fumes thing.  However, we were sitting fairly far back and didn't have any issues with it.The happy hour offerings are just ok as far as drinks go.  It's a rather limited drink selection, and not really containing anything I drink.  I went with a cosmo which was surprisingly (and thankfully) not too sweet.   My husband was happy to see Sam on a menu, even if they charged him $4.50 for it instead of $4.00The food sounds interesting but is fairly standard flavor wise.  The chicken macadamia nut tacos didn't really have a mac nut taste to them.  The onion rings were gigantic  (seriously) and were fairly tasteless.  The calamari was decent, but very spicy, and the satay was average.  Perhaps we should have gone with sushi, but being in a place named the Kona Grill I was hoping to get some Hawaiian flavors in there.  The great thing about their happy hour is not just that it's in the mall, but that they do it twice a day.  In theory you could sit there all afternoon drinking, at 7 go into the mall and shop, and come back at 10 to drink some more.
1	I got food poisoning here. It was the worst experience of my life. Don't eat the chicken!
4	I almost saw my first bar brawl ever last night. Ever. It was really exciting watching an almost altercation. I was sitting with eight of my workmates eating dinner. (I had an overly dressed salmon salad. The salmon was tasty, but there was too, too much dressing on the greens and the tofu was so plain and white. Ick. It should be against the law to serve tofu plain and white. It perpetuates tofu's bad reputation.)I was chatting with my boss and a colleague about megapixels and such when there was some shouting at the bar and a patron was being steered out of the restaurant by a fancy-looking man that I identified as the manager. More shouting and we were like, "Oh! What's going to happen now? Where's mall security?" Then the patron came back! He grabbed the wrist of the girl that he came with and pulled her out the door. How embarrassing. I would have been like, "Get off of me you bleep bleep." But she just walked out with him. I hope that she's okay. Then there was more shouting out in the hallway of the mall and we were all waiting for mall security to bust through the doors and lay down some mall law. But nothing happened. We went back to eating over done pad thai and over dressed salad. A moment passed and then the manager came over to our table and apologized for the ruckus. Wasn't that nice of him? He had done his best to get boozer out of the restaurant and then he apologized for boozer. Four stars for the classy manager. The food is bleh.
3	Car buying, it is something that most people are familiar with.  Choices in spades; what type of trim, color, upholstery selection, sport kit, body flash, electronics levels, stereo package A. B. or C.        A Honda Accord.  This is the type of car a middle-class suburbanite who lives in a plan cloned house with 2 kids and a dog, or cat, if your into that, would buy.  He likes it for the value it provides, the build quality, and the brownness of it all.  Mr. super suburbanite likes the overall package, not too hot, not too cold.  He wants good food, better service, and a comfortable atmosphere.  Kona Grill is not for this person.  Let me tell you who would like Kona Grill.        The gentleman in the kitted Neon box, with 3000 watts of stereo, flash rims, and orange paint.  He would love this place!  All the flash and boom, and none of the quality.  Rubbish gearbox, bad engine, woeful 18th century suspension, the lot.  But at least it makes a lot of noise, and its orange.      Kona Grill is supposed to have a quality Happy Hour.  I have not tried the Happy Hour, but whatever.  The Thai peanut noodles where completely awful.  The next time I want linguine with peanut butter I'll make it myself.  The breaded onion rings, presented tower-like, delivered wave-after-wave of blandness.  I've had more convincing  water.  For a place masquerading in a Kona mask I expected more things from Hawaii on the menu, or at least an attempt with something other than pineapple, which by the way is from South America.  Kona Grill is pretty much like a Scottsdale themed Applebees.      That said, just go there to get pissed and chat up the birds on a hen night.  An A on that front.  I hear the salads are good, so I'll go back to try that and the Happy Hour.  3 Stars because what limited experience I had was woeful, but I'll go back because a bit of flash and kit is every man's secret desire.CheersUntil then, get the beers in....
4	OK Kona Popped my Sushi Cherry........and it was pretty good.....the LAs Vegas rolls! and there crunchy Crab was good and the Eel thingy....but I've heard there's lots better and I'm just inexperienced....so until I've slept around I'm giving it 4 stars...
3	I'd really give this 3.5 stars (sometimes a girl just needs a half), but I suppose 3 will do.  I frequented the Chandler Kona during my ASU days and recently re-visited the chain's Scottsdale location while waiting for the next showing of Atonement at Camelview with the girls.Pros:  great place a kill a few hours, lot's of fun people watching and no-rush service.  Menu has a wide range of options, from sushi to pizza and full chicken/seafood entrees, so it's easy to please a larger group of people.  Convenient location and just easy.Cons:  while the mall location provides lot's of people and action to watch, you can't help but feel a little Velveeta enjoying cocktails so close to a Discovery Channel Store.  Our server forgot one of our items for an hour, but the manager later waived it, so we'll call it even.  Food is consistent and good, but not mind-blowing.
2	Things to get at Kona Grill.Macadamia Nut Crusted Chicken.Things not to get at Kona Grill.Everything else. Pros: Watching people who think they're at the coolest spot in town, but don't know they're not. Cons: Watching people who think they're at the coolest spot in town, but don't know they're not. Misc.: Basement like atmosphere. Car fumes. Families (ugh, i.e., CHILDREN). You're still in a mall. Aloha Kona. Aloha. Mele Kelikimaka. Mahalo. Magnum P.I.
2	Why do people like this place? Why is it always packed?I came here over the weekend to grab a drink in between rounds of afternoon shopping. My friend and I wanted a quick glass of wine (yes, I know, this isn't the place to go for great wine. But I thought we could quickly grab something decent). Let me start off by saying I tried to totally different wines that tasted exactly the same -- sour and rotten. Then we wanted an appetizer. SO I got California Rolls.Now, I know that's kind of lame, for people who are into sushi. I'm not into sushi. Our waitress actually ROLLED HER EYES when I ordered it. Kona Grill, come off it! You're like the Olive Garden of Sushi, and you're judging ME for ordering California rolls???Then they weren't even very good. And my stomach was upset for about four hours after I ate it.And our waitress took about 30 minutes to bring us our check.And our table was sticky and smelled of beer.Ick. Never coming back.
3	One of the busiest happy hour spots in town - it is packed every day! I don't mind the place for a quick drink after doing some shopping in Fashion Square Mall (which Kona is inside).That's about it, other than after shopping or the happy hour this is not a place I really want hang out in. The restaurant unto itself is unremarkable.
1	Quick spot for a mall-made mayo-based California roll. This is where you go to learn how sushi can go wrong.You've been hard at work doing swipe-and-sign. Perhaps you even dropped a thousand bucks at Neiman's on a worthless Jhane Barnes' sweater and some silk-lined Zanella slacks or three thousand on a whats-left-of-last-season's-collection of Brioni blazer. Whatever your fancy, you're toting a wrist full of roped, glossy, shooshing-sounding bags with tissue paper sticking out the tops. You just want a break and some cool refreshing sushi.It's OK, but beware. Unagi and other "hot" items have a "beep-beep beep-beep" before they get to you. California and spicy tuna rolls come real quick -- 'cause they come from a vat of mayonnaise. Rice is not right either. Stick to tuna and salmon sashimi and miso soup.If head chef Rick is there (think Kyoto of Empire at 24th and Camelback, then Ichi Ban, University off McClintock), ask him to make you a Fat Bob on Acid, for good ol' times' sake. Or just go to Starbucks, tide yourself over, and find a real sushi restaurant.And about the Brioni... Don't sweat the buyer's remorse. It'll make a great tax deduction to Florence's.
3	Being a sushi lover, I was a bit skeptical about ordering sushi in Scottsdale, AZ...but I'm so glad I gave in!  The albacore tataki appetizer and the spicy hamachi roll here was delicious! I have to say I probably liked the tataki dish here better than I do at one of my favorite local spot in San Jose.This is a definitely a must try! And I will definitely come back here again during my next visit...
5	When I got here it was empty.  REALLY empty (I contributed the photo of the interior...look at how empty it was).  I'm guessing it's because it was pretty late at night (the mall had already closed) on a weekday.  We got the potstickers as an appetizer.  It was good, but it was no different from the frozen stuff you'd get at the store.  I got the sea bass as an entree and it was GREAT!  The fish was tender and flavorful.I'm giving this place 5 stars because this is easily the best meal I had during my short stay in Arizona.(In case you're wondering what the worst was, it was a chicken burrito at the airport.  Tasted like wet Kleenex in a tortilla)
5	I love Kona, in particular, I love their macadamia nut chicken. It's always fresh and hot. It's paired with this sweet apricot jam and brown gravy. The combination of savory with a splash of sweet is out of this world. I could eat this dish every week. As for the sushi, it fairly top notch. I usually get the Philadelphia rolls. Yummyness.
2	I can't think of anything I would rather do than eat out--sorry husband, I'm an eater, not a lover.  Thus, I was deeply saddened that we made the mistake of choosing to eat here after running an errand at the mall.We arrived during linner (in between lunch and dinner) so not very busy at all.  Yet, it was still 10 minutes to even get our drink order taken.  Just as we were about to leave, our sorry excuse for a server shows up.  We were very curt, not rude, with her so she must have got the point.She now overcompensates by trying to be our BFF.  It's clear where she was at during our arrival--running her mouth to anyone who would listen.  My husband ordered a dragon roll (he said it was just okay) and she proceeds to quiz him about why he likes it because she's never tried it, and further explains she has always wanted to ask her customers that but is usually too busy.  Now the dumb ass had admitted she's not busy.  He also orders miso soup as an appetizer.  Less than five minutes into the dragon roll, his entree arrives.  No soup.  The server comes by and asks "did you ever get your soup?"  Yes, he ate it and the empty bowl it was so good.  She generously took the non-existent soup off our bill-no apology.I had the macadamia nut chicken, and the server made sure to tell me what a good choice I made because that is their signature dish.  For a signature dish, it was just okay.  Chicken done nicely, but could have used a little more of the chutney.  My husband had the seared ahi (which was a little more than seared, slightly overcooked) with a sweet chili sauce that looked like either a blind person plated it or the server tripped because sauce was spilled over one side of the plate.Server again disappeared in between my husband's plate being removed and my finishing.  I suggested we tip $4.19 so she can buy a gallon of gas to look for a new job, but we opted on a 10% tip as we have had worse.  Unlikely I will return however.
4	If I am shopping all day at the square I will stop here for sushi especially when it's happy hour. I have probably been here too many times but the sushi has never made me ill, I think that says a whole lot. The Ikura (Salmon Roe) is always fresh here, green mussels are always good here. I like that if I have my brat w me she can have pizza if she doesn't feel like sushi. I agree I probably wont go out of my way to eat here but if I am in the square I cant say no to sushi. It's not the best but its consistently pretty good! The service can be hit or miss but I have had some awesome Mojitos here they never skimp on the mint yummmm!
4	It's about time I write a review for Kona Grill... after all, I've been here more times than I can count and 2 of these times occurred this week alone!  Kona Grill is a chain which makes me want to give them only 3 stars, but considering their food is quality, they offer a fun atmosphere, and their service is decent... I'm giving 4 stars instead.As many of the reviews before mine say, happy hour at Kona is great.  From 3 - 7, they offer 1/2 off a small menu of appetizers, sushi rolls, pizzas, and drinks.  (They also have a reverse happy hour from 10pm on I think).  I can't speak for the pizzas (I've never tried them), but the potsticker appetizer is great, and so is the sushi.  If I'm not concerned about happy hour prices, I've often ordered other menu items such as seaweed salad, edamame, nigiri, and the seabass entree too.  I've never been disappointed.I usually do not choose Kona as a destination, but if I'm in the area, at the mall, or someone else chooses it, I'm happy going to Kona every now and then.  It's good for what it is - take it or leave it!
3	Just like all of Scottsdale, I have a love hate relationship with this place. I used to come here with my bitchy blonde Scottsdale friends and get up sushied and liquored up, but now that has pretty much lost all its appeal.I'm not sure if it is the mediocre sushi, the ridiculous people hanging out there or just the general air of douchiness that hangs around the fashion square mall but this place just wreaks of stay away.'Last time I came here I ordered tuna sashimi and it was kind of chewy and fishy. I hate that. The eel roll was soaked in too much sauce. That was kind of yucky too. The spicy tuna roll and squid salad were good though. The Macadamia Nut Chicken Salad is pretty good too and so are their kind-of-gross-but-good fried tuna appetizer thingys.I guess I'll still eat here on a whim or if I want to get drunk then wander around the mall. Which I suppose could be fun on a whim too.
2	Eh. I really don't like this particular Kona Grill. It's in the mall which is convenient for shoppers, but the times I've gone the service was slow, I don't like the look of it, and it smells really bad inside. The menu is nothing special, just a mix of all sorts of different things. It's unoriginal. They have a sushi bar, and I have had the Rainbow Roll there which was okay, but I wouldn't recommend this to anyone at all.
3	Service: ExcellentAtmosphere: Upscale, Chic, hotFood: AveragePrice: ExpensiveLove the location, love the people, went for sushi and was satisfied but have had much better elsewhere.Service was excellent we stayed and talked for 4 plus hours and did not feel or were expected to leave. So props for making us feel welcomed even when we overstayed it!
3	Decent Sushi, slow service, sitting outside makes it tolerable.
1	I went there with my hubby for lunch 3 days ago.  I went to the one in the mall in Scottsdale.  And I believe that we won't go back again.Not to mention how much they charged, their services were really hollow.So, I ordered a cheeseburger and I was so surprised that they couldn't even make it right.  I mean it is supposed to a simple meal.  I mean if you cannot handle the fundamentals, how can you handle special dishes.  So, going back to my so called cheeseburger.  For one thing, I couldn't taste any "cheese" out of the cheeseburger.  For another, the patty is just bland.  Also, they also seemed to run out of onion.  I was very  disappointed.  My hubby, too, found it strange that they could make his chicken sandwich so dry.  The pineapple and chicken were like 1000 years old and the bread was cold.  Sometimes, I just wonder how these guys can survive. If I were them, I would be extremely worried especially we are now in an economic downturn.
2	Happy Hour Review Although this is not my favorite restaurant, its convenient location and attractive happy hour prices brought me and my YAP  in. Until 7:00pm half off selected apps including selected rolls...3 crab-stix and 1 spicy tuna. Average (rail / draft ) price $3.00. You have to sit in the upstairs bar area for the discount, which automatically puts you behind the 8-ball for good service. The food was 'OK', I was unable to determine if the crab filling in the rolls was "true crab" , the pot sticker filling was much like flavored sawdust, however...the sweet and spicy shrimp were pretty good... so 2 out of 3 apps were decent. See posted picture of suspect pot-stickers... proceed with caution! if we make it back again, will opt for the pizza apps... they can't screw that up... right?? The Good: Location, views, prices The Bad: Food..not the best Just Plain Ugly: Pot sticker filling
4	Its been about a little over 3 years since i've been here, so i will only base my rating on the experiences i had here then.I moved to AZ when I graduated from highschool and made friends with a bunch of other non arizonians and we came here probably 3 times a week for happy hour. I was only 18 and the rest of my "crew" were of age. I had never had sushi before so this place was a little intimitating at first, but once i started to try it, i enjoyed it very much so. (Now that i'm more of a sushi expert, i can say their sushi wasn't great, but good for beginners.) I can still say (at least 3 years ago) that they have the best calamari i've ever had. This place, at the time, had a great atmosphere and saki bombs were okay to do here... It may have just been the company i was with, but i greatly enjoyed coming to this place and sneaking saki bombs and shots :)next time i go back to AZ to visit, this place is a must
2	Not a fan. Seating is pretty bad- either on the "outdoor patio" (freezing, very few heaters, lots of people smoking, overlooking the driveway to the mall garage with cars driving through the entire time) or inside (smells wierd, tables placed awkwardly, people walking through the mall stare at you while you're eating)...  Service was awful, super slow, at least 20 minutes before he asked to take our order...  Brought out drinks at different times (c'mon guys, there were only 2 of us...).  Maybe their staff is holding out- saving up the impressive service for Valentine's weekend?  Either way, won't be eating there again.  Ick.
4	Go to Kona Grill for their Happy Hour. It can't be beaten for the price point and food portions. Order any of the pizzas or sushi rolls and be sure to take advantage of the drink specials as well. The patio is great to people watch. Just be sure to get there as early as you can to grab a table.
2	The rolls suck, but the drinks are great!  A tad pricey though.  Chicken stick appetizer things are good.  I only go here to meet up with friends for a beverage.  I no longer order a real meal at this place.
2	Came here for dinner before going out this weekend. I thought it was alright. Nothing special. All I ate was the bbq chicken pizza and thought it was tasty. I felt like it was a weird menu selection considering they have items like sushi, fish tacos and pizza. I dont really see how that all goes together. I cant speak for any other food. I like the outdoor eating area but those seem to be everywhere in Scottsdale.
1	Went for happy hour. They have decent prices for food (the sushi sucks), but limited drink selections. The happy hour martinis and margaritas have no alcohol in them at all. Our server was one of the worst I have ever experienced. He was in a foul mood and took it out on everyone. Even the managers were too busy drinking and flirting, they had no clue what was going on. The place seems to be a hang out for loud obnoxious girls that have to scream when they talk. I would not go back to this place when there are so many better places to choose from.
1	We went to celebrate a friend's birthday and it was not an award-winning experience. I'm not a sushi girl, but the rest of the girls said the sushi was "okay" but they've had better. First, my friend's Saki cup was dirty and she had to request a new one. Then our sushi plates/soy bowls arrived and mine was dirty. When I asked for a new one - there was a pause and she didn't reach for it to take it and replace it - she told me they didn't have that many . . .  seriously? I would take a coffee cup instead if it was clean! She finally took it from me and returned with a clean one hot from the dishwasher.Overall, we had a good time - the drinks were good - the people-watching didn't fail . . . but I'm not in a hurry to return. I spoke to another friend who said she had the same dirty plate experience there a year ago - why is it always so crowded?
4	Bar and grill places at the mall do not excite me.  They tend to remind me of a TGI Friday's, no matter how modern and fun they are.  Kona Grill, despite being a chain bar and grill at the mall, was a pleasant surprise.We were looking for a place to watch a World Baseball Classic game, and all bars in Old Town Scottsdale were overflowing with thirsty baseball fans.  Fortunately, one of the locals suggested Kona Grill.  We parked our rental car in one of the covered garages and went in.The restaurant looked nice and modern without being pretentious.  We decided to sit on the patio, despite the lax smoking laws in Arizona.  The weather was perfect, and the covered concrete patio with wrought iron chairs and tables seemed like the place to be.  We patiently waited until the Arizona State basketball game was over, and patrons started leaving for greener pastures.  We grabbed a huge round table in front of the biggest TV on the patio and sat down.  That's pretty much how we spent the next 3 hours.We ordered just about everything on the menu: mini sliders, onion strings, taco, pasta and a huge plate of sushi.  Kona claims that its menu is where East meets West.  In reality, it means that you are getting Western food with an Eastern flavor.  You don't come here for authentic Asian food; you come here to watch a game with friends and/or have a drink or two.A word about the staff here.  They could not have been friendlier, nicer or more accommodating.  The manager showed up with the remote to turn on the game that we wanted.  A waiter literally walked me to the bathroom instead of pointing me in the general direction.  Our waitress was chatty, funny and super helpful.  She talked me out of getting the Thai-Peanut chicken noodles: "Are you sure you know what it is?  I wouldn't order it, unless you really like salty peanut butter.  'Cause that's what it tastes like."  I ordered the Pad Thai instead, and it was pretty decent.  The string onions were pretty good, and the sliders were just average.We even had a celebrity sighting at the table right behind us.  A San Francisco Giants outfielder, let's call him, ummm, Baron Crowand, was enjoying a light dinner at Kona.  He was not, however, enjoying the company of his three female friends.  In fact, at one point during dinner, we thought he had ditched the women and bolted for the door.  That wasn't the case though.Hey, if this place is good enough for a major league baseball player, it's good enough for me.  Above average food + fun and relaxing atmosphere + friendly service = I will be back!
4	Been here a couple of times... had the Pad Thai with Chicken and Shrimp both times because it was so delicious.  Never had the sushi and can't speak to anything else.  But that Pad Thai was sooooo good with just enough spice and just enough tanginess.  Yummy!
5	One of my buddies said that this is a popular hangout in Texas and mentioned about the Happy Hour deals, so we went to try it out while we were in Scottsdale. It certainly was a pretty big "wow" for me when we got our orders. It is a bit of a weird setting, as the restaurant is attached to the mall, but that's not really the point. The bar is semi-dark with a good number of people (took us awhile to find a table). The "Happy Hour Specials" was what got my attention.  We ordered a variety of appetizers from sweet & sour chicken, sushi, dumplings, and 1/2 priced margaritas! I absolutely LOVED this place! It's a great place to take a break after shopping. My regular margarita on the rocks probably did some good deed after an exhausting day of shopping.
2	I went here for lunch yesterday and ordered off the lunch specials menu: half sandwich and a salad for around $9.  It was ok, but nothing special.  My friend really likes this place for some reason, but I just don't get it.
4	I give it 4 starts for ambiance, location, fun, and people watching.  The food isn't bad but could certainly be better.  Look, this is a chain and typically chains perform about the same across the board.  This place has pretty decent apps, a full bar, and sushi that is average or a little better.  The reason you go here is because on Thursday and Friday it is one of the best places to hang out for happy hour.  Usually cool attractive waitresses, service is reasonably good, wine by the glass are decent to good, mixed drinks about the same as most places, and so on.  Again, good location at the mall and a fun place to hang out with friends.  If you want 5 star dining this isn't it but if you want to enjoy yourself then give it a try.
5	Hmmm. Macademia Nut Chicken I will push on people till i am hoarse. It's fantastic and if you like mashed potatoes with lumps.. you'll be extra happy..Its the perfect dish! Beware though it's heavy so i don't suggest it for lunch. Their HH is excellent.. LOVE their scampi pizza. Salmon Wasabi sashimi & jalapeno Yellowtail sashimi ain't too shabby either.
4	I know it's a chain, but I can't help but love this place. I recently visited for a lunch break this week and it really was fantastic. I can't comment on the indoor atmosphere or anything as I was unable to get past the peacefulness of the outdoor patio I came across first. It wasn't very busy and the service was fantastic. We were promptly greeted by our server who didn't seem to mind that it took us 35 minutes or so to even decide on a drink let alone our meal and dessert. He patiently came back and checked on us every so often when he saw we were having a break in our conversation. I was appreciative he didn't constantly stalk us every 2 minutes. The food was absolutely delicious and came out with perfect timing for each course. We started off with the sweet and spicy shrimp appetizer which was delicious and the perfect size for two of us. Just as we were about finished, our sushi came out. I ordered the las vegas roll, which really hit the spot that day. Just the right amount of food. Lastly, we decided to share the carmelized apple crisp. Mmmmmm. Delicious. We were only able to eat a little more than half of it, which makes me think the individual one might actually work for two people. I'm picky when it comes to baked apples, and this was truly decadent. I also had the pina cojito while I was there which was just a gorgeous work of art in a glass and had the freshest pineapple along with it. I'm glad I don't know how to make those. In the end, although it's a chain, this is a place i'd come back to. I've yet to try the Macadamia Nut Chicken.
2	Over the years I have been here many times.  Typically the people watching is great, the food is reasonably good, service above average, and so on.However, this time it didn't cut the mustard.  A simple thing like a ketel one tonic or grey goose tonic, which is what a friend and myself ordered, terrible.  Yes, of course we have had vodka tonics before and know what they taste like.  The tonic was either flat, cheap, or something different altogether.  It would have also been nice if they had spilled a little in the glass, maybe two fingers.  There's wasn't anything.  It was diluted piss basically.  We ordered apps and waited a long time so we cancelled and closed out.  Went across to Yard House, much better.  Even the people watching was marginal - maybe the economy or have people just gotten sick of this place.
3	While in Scottsdale we ate at Kona Grill. I had a puckery Grape Cosmopolitan, a nice Merlot to go with my 12 oz NY steak. It was good. Not great just good. The atmosphere was clubby on the exterior, inside was nice. Would I go again? Probably not. There are so many places to try and Kona did not make a big impression on me.
3	Nothing really to complain about.Oh, wait, the Tomato Bisque was salty...to the point I didn't finish it. I did  finish the water though. ha ha!Service was quick. Our waitress was patient with me and my indecisive self.The meal was just the right portion, for a small and quick meal before starting a day.
2	I've experienced better. The waiter was nice. I started out with a puckery Grape Cosmopolitan. Then ordered a 12 oz NY steak and a nice Merlot to pair. Experience was okay.
3	Alison B. and I met here for reverse happy hour last week.  Before we decided to move to the patio (it was too noisy earlier), she ordered a peach martini made w/ sake, and I a glass of Red Diamond Merlot.  Alison was feeling like having the Kona calamari (HH price $5).  It's been years since I had KG's and I couldn't recall if I liked it, but I mentioned that if we moved to the bar or patio, that happy hour would start in fifteen minutes and we could order that and something else at happy hour prices!  It took a little arm-twisting, but Alison relented ;)  Why did I stay away for so long?!  Oh yeah, I remember now... Mom and I used to frequent Chandler's KG our first two years in the valley, but it just got harder and harder to find an empty table at the bar/patio, plus it was always so noisy!  I really like Scottsdale's location- not too noisy outside, especially if you're lucky enough to snap up a table at a corner or at the outer edges.Besides the calamari, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kona-grill-scottsdale?select=v5-BEzsK6s-j2vilNDG3sA#v5-BEzsK6s-j2vilNDG3sA we also tried the Five-spice Barbecue Chicken pizza ($5), http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kona-grill-scottsdale?select=yNfFV0_BeMetIbVMcDIWng#yNfFV0_BeMetIbVMcDIWng and she ordered a Bud-light ($2) and I a glass of House red merlot ($4).  Food and libations were delish!
3	Service is good and the food is decent - IF you can snag a table! The happy hour here is one of the best in town. The happy hour menu is super-cheap and includes a lot of choices, from Asian to Mexican to American. Sitting on the patio is kind of weird, as it's an enclosed space that is next to valet parking for the mall, so you get a free side of exhaust with your goodies.
3	Been here twice, once for dinner and once for Happy Hour ("HH").  Have to say, I enjoyed both experiences.  I've tried the following items: * Kona Calamari ($9.25 dinner / $5 HH) - hot, crisp, chewy, and yummy.  The squid seemed to be cooked perfectly each time.*  Eel Cucumber Roll ($6 dinner) - the eel was a bit chewy, but the roll was good regardless.* Soft Shell Crab Roll ($9 dinner) - this was good...I've had better.  Although my friends were a little scared about choking on pieces of crab shell, they ended up liking the roll.  Hello...SOFT SHELL crab girls LOL  * Spicy Tuna Roll ($6.25 dinner) - this roll was ok, nothing great.  I don't get too excited about tuna rolls.  I prefer my tuna sashimi-style.* Volcano Roll ($7.95 dinner) - my fave roll from Kona Grill.  The sriracha sauce (chili) combined with the eel sauce made for a great combination.  Can't go wrong with sriracha sauce!I tried their mango mojito and was disappointed.  Although the drink came in a large glass, it was bland tasting...and there was barely any alcohol in there.  One of my friends tried their specialty island drinks (don't remember the long spelling) and she mentioned that hers hardly had any alcohol either.  These regular priced drinks ($13+) should have alcohol in it, don't ya think?The waitress we had for dinner was attentive and sweet; however, the waitress we had for HH was SLOW and forgetful.  Had to wait close to 30mins for our check after we requested it...and another 30 for her to pick up the check w/ credit card to close the bill.  Luckily we weren't in a rush to get anywhere, else I'd have to get a little "L.A." on her!  j/k ;-PKona Grill in Scottsdale is good for people watching.  You see people here dressed to the nines and looking good...and might catch them later at the clubs in Scottsdale looking trashed LOLLooking forward to trying the sake bombers and other entrees off their menu.
4	I think this is a fantastic stop for happy hour appetizers, sushi, and casual drinks.   Everything was very tasty and portioned well enough to share!   You can sit outside and the service was friendly and attentive.  I really enjoyed myself here.
2	A friend and I tried here the other day and i wasn't impressed. I thought it was too dark and the service was all out of whack especially considering the fact that the place was practically empty.The hostess and the runner seemed to be frenimies and it was a lil ackward! We sat down and looked at the unnecessarily complicated menu... nothing really outstanding. The usual overprices Japanese-y selection with the occasional hit of Hawaiian... but it was just Americanized Japanese cuisine. I've had Hawaiian food, its wonderful... what the heck was this? The people there kept giving us the once over and threw their nose in the air... just to get a lil revenge, we put our Louis Vuitton and Tiffany bags on the table and went over our recent purchases (those reviews coming soon!) and the looks of snobby angst turned to jealously like THAT! lol... I could see this attitude if it were some high priced exclusive resturant that required a jacket for dinner serivce... but a freakin' wanna-be Hawaiian that's in a MALL?!? Are you serious?! Ugh Scottsdale! *eye roll*I had the rainbow roll and the dumplings, they were good, decent. No serious complaints, but still not great and stellar. I don't think I'll go back and sit in the resturant. I think I'll go to my local sushi place down the way from my place. Same food, same quality, different price! To my yelpers I say: skip it, you're not missing much... and though it may be Scottsdale, do you REALLY expect to find a good meal at a freakin' mall??
4	I can't see why everyone is so down on this place, my friend and I had a great time here last night. I expected it to be more than half full, but it was a Sunday night so I guess not. He had some type of Sushi rolls, and said they were really good. I had the Potstickers, (mmmm they were scrumptious), and we both split a Margherita Pizza. Our waiter was attentive and helpful without being intrusive. Drinks were always refilled, and the atmosphere was pretty nice. I like the darker environment, but that's just me. Either way, this is the second time I've left here a happy and full customer, and the tab isn't even that expensive. Kudos Kona Grill!
3	go to the reverse happy hour where reasonably edible sushi is served at reasonable prices amidst, in the instance of our  visit, barely legal drinking aged crowd. in a mall. nuff said.
3	Oh Kona Grill, how you bring back memories.  I first discovered Kona Grill's happy hour back in college, the lure of the $2.50 Ladies Margarita and the half price happy hour menu fit right in to my college budget!  Although the shopping after too many $2.50 Ladies Margarita's didn't, but that's a story for another day.I went to Happy Hour at Kona yesterday for the first time in awhile, and oddly enough, it was with some of my old college buddies.  We were excited for cheap food and drinks, because even though we aren't in college anymore, we still love cheap eats!It was a bit cold and rainy yesterday, so we were able to easily find a table on the patio (HH is only available on the patio and bar....so getting a seat sometimes turns into a stakeout!). We were a bit disappointed to see that the HH menu was a bit different than before; instead of just all the sushi and apps and pizzas being half price, they were bunched into groups by price.  Some of the prices were still half off, but others, like the Edamame ($4.00 regularly and $3.00 during HH) were not that great of a deal.  Being that it we were quite hungry, we ordered some sushi, edamame, calamari, chicken tacos, avocado egg rolls and the potstickers.  All of the food was much like we remembered, with the calamari being our overwhelming favorite, so crispy with the spicy sauce, yum!  We were a bit disappointed to see that the tacos no longer came with the yummy fried rice like they used to, but it wasn't the end of the world.  The sushi was good, but not the best I have ever had, but fresh nonetheless.  The biggest bummer about the sushi was that most of the rolls that we wanted weren't on the HH menu, especially since they were only $6.00 to begin with the HH sushi rolls were all $3.00....didn't make sense to us.I know I will go back to Kona, but only during happy hour, I don't love it enough to pay full price!
2	After taking the girls shopping at the mall we decided to try Kona Grill. The menu had a wide selection of food to satisfy everyones taste. We ordered the basil pesto linguine, the chefs salad and various sushi. The wait time on the food was a little long for the amount of business they had. The flavor of the dishes were average with nothing standing out.  Typical mall restaurant, average food for above average prices. I dont know why I was expecting anything different.
2	It pisses me off how all my friends seem to bring people from out of state to Kona for happy hour.  Why??? It's another large, sub-par chain joint with prices that are comparable to normal, non-HH alcohol prices anywhere that's more than 50 feet from a Louis V store.  I'm just not a fan of patios that extend into a parking garage when you're in Scottsdale and every respectable business has a much better patio.  If you've shopped till you can't walk any further, then yes - Kona is your promised land, but to everyone else - PLEASE stop showing Midwesterners this place like it's some sort of symbol of the Southwest and take them to a  place with character!
4	Food is okay. Happy hour is a great deal. This place is the best for peeping on new rich who get dressed up to go to the mall, rolling up in expensive cars.
4	KG is the spot to be seen and heard! The usual Fridays it seems, I would roll up down Camelback Rd from the 51 after work hours, 5PM-ish.  Now, if you are lucky enough, you and your peeps you were suppose to meet up with will find an open spot.  Nine out of ten times, we are not so lucky as it seems, always! Yes, a temporary glitch to a good time after a long work week! So, the quick solution is to just grab some booze from the bar, the usual Heineken, and wait for the next open table and hope that the party occupying your table-to-be leaves before HH ends! My cuatro stars is based solely on my HH delights and experience.  The sushi and drinks offered here during HH is nothing stellar, but has an appealing price tag that runs you $3-5 a pop.  The menu indeed is limited to some of your basic sushi rolls such as the California and shrimp tempura.  Another favorite is the calamaris.  The quality is average at best while still satisfying both our wallets and taste bud.  In my typical setting of anywhere from six to a dozen peeps, we typically like to down our apps with Sake and Japanese Beer such Sapporo or Kieren.  Wait, isn't that a recipe for a Sake Bomber? Yes, yes it is! If you don't mind the noisy chatter from every which direction meaning the table next to you or the traffic coming in and out of Fashion Square,  bumping music in this hostile social environment on an early Friday evening, possibly a slight chance of waiting for an opened seating, and a very attractive on-a-low-budget Happy Hour menu, I highly recommend this I am too cool-for-you Old Town scene.
1	What a disappointment.  I went there with a group of co workers and the place was nearly empty and nowhere near closing time.  Our server (who said she hates AZ and it showed in her attitude and service) said she can't wait to finish school and head back to Illinois.  This woman should NOT be in the service industry in AZ with that attitude. Good riddance when your schooling is through.  Not only was there a (what looked to be a dish washer who will now be terrified about being deported with the new AZ immigration law) making our sushi,  the sushi was a huge lump of rice and a thin slice of fish, you don't do that when you are paying full price for sushi.  I eat sushi weekly and there have been some hits and misses and this place was a big MISS.Another chain restaurant that doesn't get it and just hopes for the masses to fill their tables at the mall and who don't know good sushi.  Avoid this place Yelper's, avoid it. WOW, VERY INTERESTING.  I LOOKED AT THE KONA GRILL WEBSITE AND THAT SAME WAITRESS MENTIONED ABOVE (DARK LOW CUT TOP) IS IN A FEW OF THE PICTURES IN THE HOME PAGE MONTAGE. HUMMMM,  MAYBE SHE'S AN OUT OF WORK ACTRESS / MODEL.  THOSE ARE THE MOST BITTER TYPES HERE IN LOS ANGELES AND THEY ARE GENERALLY FOOD SERVERS.  SHE CERTAINLY CONNED SOMEONE THERE IN SCOTTSDALE.
5	Let me start off by saying that this 5 star rating is based on their reverse happy hour and that alone. Monday thru Saturday they feature a reverse happy hour from 10p to close. They have drinks for under $5 and sushi rolls for under $6! They have a few other things on the menu like their potstickers, etc... and the food is really yummy! The highlight of the night was enjoying drinks and food for under $15. This is only available in the bar area but I highly suggest everyone check this out.
4	Best happy hour in Scottsdale, but other than that just a good place with slightly overpriced food.
2	The food was good, we had mostly sushi.  The sex and the city 2 promotional rolls, the carrie and the miranda and we also had sashimi from the low cal menu.  We didn't care for one of the orders from the low cal menu though, it tasted like grape jelly with fish, yuck!  The service was ok.  Our waitress was nice, manager brought my husband the wrong beer though.  The BIG problem though was the GNATS!!!! We sat inside, on Memorial Day,  it wasn't crowded which was nice because we brought out 1 year old.  But there were a significant amount of GNATS flying around us all night long, gross, I won't go back no matter how good food or service.  Food good, service ok, ambience, yuck!!!
5	Love the outdoor patio. Sat out there on Sunday with a few girlfriends, had a couple drinks. The bloody mary is HUGE! Great drinks, good prices, and excellent service. I can't remember our waitresses name, but she was a cool chicka. From Chicago, very sweet and totally friendly. Will go back again very soon.
3	Went here for happy hour with John L. in from SF. We managed to grab the last table for 2 stuffed into a corner. At least we could watch some of the NBA Finals they had on the TVs in the bar area. I'd have to say my experience is much like everyone else's, the food was good and inexpensive considering how much we ordered, but the service was slow. We ended up order 4 or 5 items from the happy hour menu, sushi rolls, sliders, pot stickers and one other thing that slips my mind. We managed to enjoy the food and the beer and overall, I'd be back again, if nothing else just to hang out after work and have a couple drinks.
3	Good happy hour prices. Vegas roll here is delish and so is there pizza.
4	Service is my number one priority and this place had a fantastic server waiting on us.  We sat outside by the 'mist'ers' (which kept us cool and comfortable all dinner).  It was very low price happy hour menu action.I ordered some sushi and she ordered an asparagus salad.  The food was decent but I must say the sushi was not really up to par.  However, for the price I will not deduct any points.  Very nice Server, thank you.
5	I have to begin by saying that I am not going to critic on any 2 star reviews for this place... since those have been written by people who went here with wrong expectations (most of them could be wannabe's considering its Scottsdal .. oops, here goes some criticism... :D )this place definitely does not have the best sushi in town... definitely does not have the best beer selection in town... but... it definitely has awesome service if you sit outside... (I've never tried inside, since all we ever expected was to drink a couple beers, eat a couple rolls and pass time... ohh and occasionally watch Suns kick a** ... ;)  )  ... so coming back to the point, the best thing that this place offers is Happy Hour ! ... And people have to realize that there are some places that you SHOULD NOT go during regular hours... and this is one of those places... I don't remember paying more than 15 bucks ever for a 2-3 beers and a lot of sushi... and that's cheap considering we ate a loot of sushi... and the best this they have on happy hour menu is Sweet and Spicy Shrimp ! ... that's by far one of the best Shrimp recipes I have tried... but again, 5 stars are not for food or drinks... So... if you want to watch Suns play, eat some good sushi with decent selection of beer, not bother about crappy service or the kind of service that bothers you with your check 25 seconds after you gulp last sip of your beer... or just to sit out in beautiful non-summer weather of Arizona (after 9pm ie :D ) and pass time with your friends, this place comes highly recommended by me !
4	Best happy hour.. I've been coming here since becoming based here. There isn't a sushi on the menu I don't like.. Sake bomber.. Be careful .. They pack a .. Bomb .. Patio good for people watching .. Get there early for hh on patio.. It's packed .. That's a good sign..
4	Perfect Pairings menu is a great value! Awesome spinach salad and 2 sushi rolls for $9? Very good quality!
4	I have been to 3 of the Kona Grill locations (Las Vegas, Scottsdale and San Antonio) and they all have been good. Great food and the happy hour is the best. Great place to meet people during happy hour and great drinks and food. Pretty trendy.
4	Excellent happy hour and it lasts until 7! The food is delicious and so are the few drinks they have on their happy hour menu. Reasonable prices for happy hour. Early on between 4-6 it can be hard to find a place to sit, but well worth the wait.
3	The food is pretty consistent which is always nice and I'm glad that they finally changed their mixed veggies on the Macadamia nut Chicken. The issues that I have are the really weak drinks (don't even bother ordering a cosmo or margarita, especially since the drinks next door at Z are amazing), and the not so great eye candy behind the bar (which has been in place for years). I mean seriously people, really? If they were more personable I may overlook it but they really have nothing to offer that makes me want to belly up. Table please!
3	Meh... I could easily find better food, a better happy hour, and better service within blocks of this place. It's not terrible, but I wouldn't recommend it to people either.
4	I'm not generally a fan of restaurants located within a mall, especially if it's a chain restaurant. I just don't care for the mall dining atmosphere. However, Kona Grill really surprised me! Especially the seafood. For a restaurant located in a mall... in Arizona... the seafood was awesome.There are 3 important things you need to know about Kona Grill:1. The Sea Bass is melt in your mouth, oh my god, foodgasm, amazing. Our waiter recommended it to us and I was highly skeptical. I thought that he was pushing this dish just because it's the most expensive one on the menu. Well, aside from the fact that it's the priciest item at a chain restaurant, it tastes more like a 5 star dish that would cost double the amount somewhere else. I'm telling you, YOU MUST TRY IT! It has this pan seared taste that is to die for. (I also can't forget to mention that the Salmon is super tasty as well).2. The Cool Cucumber Mojito is not only refreshing and delicious, but it is also less than 100 calories! It's pretty strong too. This drink is pure heaven for a mojito lover like me, and it gets extra bonus points since its low calorie!  3. Happy hour!!! It's the best and it's always packed. Kona Grill has great deals with always changing specials (I suggest checking their website before heading over).Just try at least one of these 3 things and you'll see why I'm such a fan of this place. Overall, when it comes to dining at Fashion Square Mall, Kona Grill is pretty impressive.
3	Was my first time here though I'm in the mall a lot. 3 stars based on the food. I had the sushi/sashimi combo platter and u was surprised at how good it was. Also had the lobster Mac n cheese which was outstanding. Portion was pretty small for a $15 side. The downside of the meal was the service. Probably not indicative of all the servers (based on other reviews) but my server was inattentive and basically a space cadet. Basic items were screwed up like bring TWO plates when two people at the table, bring TWO sets of chopsticks instead of one at a time. You're serving the table sushi, why is it a surprise (and why do I have to) ASK for soy and wasabi? How about bringing it to the table with the food? Had to wait like 5 min staring at my food waiting for soy and wasabi. So I also told her we'd put in our main order when she brought the wasabi. She returns with the wasabi and dashes off before we can order. I've had better service at Pizza Hut.
2	Settled in pretty late at the hotel and this was the only close place opened that was low carbs (somewhat); happens that it was happy hour. I had about 20 minutes left and ordered as much as I can.The lemon drop, which was recommended by the waitress was horrible. Tasted like 7up.Potstickers: pan seared chicken, it was pretty good. I enjoyed itAvocado egg rolls: i love avocado, so can't go wrong with this dish. However, I still think Cheesecake factory is better.All their sushi rolls were below average, too much rice and not enough stuffing. Keep in mind, the rolls are pretty small. The combination sashimi was okay, the fishes weren't too fresh. The California roll: very typicalCrab Crunch and Special roll. Both tasted the same. All I tasted was the artificial crab...Spicy Tuna Roll: I can see the grading on the tuna was poor.
4	I only went for Happy Hour, so I can't say much about regular dining, but I really enjoyed it. It's half off appetizers and rolls and low prices on drinks and pizzas. We had the chicken and shrimp romaine lettuce wraps, crab crunch roll, and the avocado egg rolls. They were all deeeeelicious and well-proportioned. Our waitress was also very friendly and helpful. I also like the location in the Scottsdale Fashion Square. I had a good time walking off my food baby. Some down sides: I guess the outdoor seating is a little bit loud and unglamorous and the parking at the Fashion Square is kind of frustrating. But overall, great restaurant and I'd definitely go back!
3	Ate here last Friday and although I was tempted to have sushi, I forced myself to try something new... and went with the miso-sake marinated sea bass ($23.95).  The dish came with a decent sized fillet of grilled sea bass, grilled broccolini spears and some (surprisingly) tasty fried rice.  The food went well with my glass of pinot grigio ($7), and although the fish wasn't as fresh as I thought it could be, I was still satisfied with the order.  My friend ordered the sweet-chili glazed salmon ($18.95), which came with a generously sized grilled salmon piece, grilled broccolini spears, fried rice, and green onion curls.  I took a bite of her salmon and found it to be tasty; there was a little kick because of the chili glaze.  (See photos)
2	I really should know better by now... If it's not a dedicated sushi restaurant.. Don't order sushi!! It's like ordering fish at a burger place!Sushi looked amazing but the rice on their rolls was a bit hard.  Needless to say I didn't finish the meal otherwise I would have hurled!I also had their pot stickers which again I did not enjoy.  Sad to say but lean Cuisines have better potstickers!Lastly but not least, their brownie desert was ... Meh.Perhaps had I ordered a different entree I would have had a better experience.
4	Always busy for HH! They have great patio seating (not in the sun). Food is fast and fabulous. A great place for out of towners to go see the Scottsdale scene and not be disappointed!
2	Happened to be at the mall around 6:30pm and decided to go to Z'Tejas for dinner. It was a 25 min wait. Looked across the way and saw lots of open tables at Kona Grill. That ought to have registered as a red flag but since I was starving I guess my mental acuity was off. The hostess sat us in the back of the restaurant with a clear view of the hallway leading to the restrooms. We commented to our hostess that we were awful close to the restrooms. She chirped, yeah. End of discussion. I ordered a grey goose on the rocks, you know, vodka and ice in a glass. What I got back wasn't grey goose and it was mixed with soda, but it was in a glass though. My wife ordered a rib eye sandwich, medium. What she got was still breathing. My Korean chicken was almost warm but I attribute most of that to the spices. It was good but not great. I will say that our server was terrific and the manager did come by to check on us. This used to be a good spot but seems to be going through a transition period to become mediocre. Too bad.
4	Used to go a lot more often but haven't been in a while. Took my parents when they were visiting this past week as they have a pretty eclectic menu and I knew we could all get something we liked. I ordered the ahi tuna burger which was awesome!!! I also enjoy the raspberry crush martini and their selection of "skinny" cocktails. Most of which are made with splenda or agave nectar rather than sugary or sour mixes. My parents got the pad thai and a burger, and my man got the southwest eggrolls. We finished off the meal with a honkin piece of red velvet cake which I think I ate 3/4 of. Totally worth it.
4	Definitely a good lunch restaurant. I love their Perfect Pairings menu, any 2 for $9.50. I had the clam chowder and lunch roll combo(spicy tuna/california roll). The clam chowder was creamy and delicious, especially the smoked bacon pieces they threw in. Very filling and worth it for only $9.50. It wasn't too busy for a Thursday lunch hour and the service was fantastic.
3	I went here to celebrate a friend's birthday.  I'd say there were about 20 guests with 3 servers.The service wasn't memorable.  On more than an occasion cups were completely empty.  Our food came out relatively quickly considering how many of us there were.The food was what was expected.  I ordered miso soup and a crunchy crab roll.  Nothing special about either one.  The ambience was nice and I noticed they had a good happy hour.  But when it came to getting the check, we each had to ask for our own.  I do appreciate that they were able to slit a check for the size of group there were, but thought it was odd how the checks would randomly come in doses.All in all I will probably go back when I'm feeling like typical chain sushi. :)
3	Decent food at a decent price. For a chain it's pretty solid. I've hit this place for happy hour a time or two after wandering around the mall and it serves it's purpose. Decent specials, friendly service, pretty good food. Sushi was tasty, not on par with some other restaurants near by (Stingray, Geisha a go go) but freshly made and good flavor. Attentive staff help with recommendations and keep your glass full. I wouldn't make this place a destination but if you work up an appetite shopping in Scottsdale you could do a lot worse.
2	I am not a fan of this place. I have been for lunch and happy hour and was dissapointed both times. The happy hour sucks. It has the worst sushi rolls and drinks aren't even that cheap. Your beer special is a $3 Miller Lite? Come on. The service is non exsistent and the sushi is not fresh. There fried appetizers are ok and at half price maybe worth it but anything fried after a few drinks tastes good. Skip this place and go elsewhere to spend your money.
3	Great for happy hour during the week.  Try their marintis for $3
2	Two stars for a two point five star place.  When the kitchen is having trouble getting the right dish out/ ingredients on the right dish there are professional ways of handling it that don't make it to the diners.  Yeah that inspires a lot of confidence. Avocado egg rolls were great even though 2/3rd of the ingredients the sun-dried tomatoes  and onions were scarce or so finely chopped as to be a homeopathic dose.Pad thai was underwhelming and not much of a difference between ready made stuff from the store.   Name annoyed me  as anything I'd expect to find in a restaurant named after an area would be some of the foods from that area! It's  American food in the worst sense  Big Island meat loaf?  Oh just  die already.
2	Have you ever been to a restaurant and you begin to notice little things that make you wonder how clean the kitchen is? That is exactly what happened to me at Kona Grill. Before I get into the details, let's back up a bit and recall that this is a Japanese restaurant. Japan.... a place where it is customary to remove one's shoes before entering a home. Japan.... the country with the highest per capita spending on antibacterial products. Japan... a place where they sell t-shirts infused with vitamin E to maintain healthy skin.Now add these cultural mores with the simplicity and precision of Japanese cuisine. Sushi by it's very nature is clean. With all of this in mind I found it unacceptable to sit down at the bar only to have my arms quickly adhere to the sticky granite surface. Personally, I find sticky surfaces quite unpleasant. It reeks of tiny, revolting microbes latching onto my skin. I would rather rest my arms on top of a surface covered in mummy dust than something sticky. Gross.When my sushi arrived the bartender brought out the soy sauce. The bottle was covered in translucent streaks of a white spoogy substance. So now I start thinking if the front of the house is this hygienically challenged, what does the kitchen look like. Then for the first time in years I leaned over and carefully smelled my sushi. Nothing out of the ordinary, so I began to eat my lunch (I was starving, give me a break). The food tasted fine. Generous portions of fish and the salad had just the right amount of dressing. I finished my meal and just as I was paying the tab the bartender dropped her cutting board on the floor. She picked it up and set it next to the sink. I thought Ohhhhhhh no, please, please, please wash that cutting board before you start slicing lime wedges.  Before she could clean off the cutting board the bartender walked away to take the order of a newly arrived patron. I decided not to stick around and discover the destiny of that cutting board. With these memories sealed forever in my mind I decided not to eat here again.
4	A manager from Kona recently contacted me to apologize and express his thanks for my feedback. He sounded genuinely surprised by my experience which leads me to believe this was a one-off type of mistake by the staff on that particular day. As a result, I decided to try Kona again last weekend. This time around everything was spot on. The service was fantastic and our entire dinner party really seemed to enjoy their food.
3	Ok, so that damn Friday song is stuck in my head.I was about to go to the gym, and then I got a text from my friend that said, come to happy hour at Kona. I'm not one to turn down a Good Friday. Haha, Good Friday. See what I did there?Anyway, we had a nice table at the patio, and a cute server who was good. The beer was a touch flat, but for three bucks, who is going to complain. The calamari was great!The pad thai was a bit burned, and had the burned flavor all throughout. It kind of ruined the whole experience for me. The concept and menu is fantastic. You can do some serious damage here during Happy Hour. In our case, our tab was quite heavy, and the Happy Hour wasn't so happy at all. But such is life, when you enjoy it. It's an interesting crowd here on a Friday night too. A good mix of people winding down their workweek. Lot of people who are looking to get their weekend started and having a good time.I'd come back, but don't get the pad thai....man, that seemed to bring down the mood of the table.
4	Giving an extra star for customer service. Within hours of posting my review, a district manager responded very politely, thanked me for my review, and took my feedback. Nice work Kona....way to stay in touch with your audience. I'm definitely coming back.
3	Loved the Food!  The parking is a bit of a challenge but Valet is an option.My mouth is watering right now just thinking about the different dishes I have tried there. Any of the grilled fish (not on the sea watch list) will fill your desire for something flavorful yet light.It is a chain.
5	Honestly I've never ate here for dinner let alone the dining room so I cannot comment on any of that. I give 5 stars purely due to their amazing happy hour. This is one of my favorite if not favorite happy hour spots. If you are just in the mood to unwind after work, you can get cheap drinks and cheap eats at this happy hour. I have a huge appetite so I usually get far too much food then chase it with far too much alcohol and I usually escape this place after tip and tax for $25ish. I think someone who only got 1-2 items from the happy hour and maybe 1-2 drinks could escape for under 15$. If you have not been here for Happy Hour...do it....a little hard to find a spot because its not exactly a secret...but if you find a table.....you'll thank me. Again just a disclaimer, i'm giving 5 stars based purely on happy hour...for all I know their service and regular entrees are terrible :)...but I somehow doubt it.
4	This was much better than I expected.  Went at an off time on a Saturday afternoon - the dining room was pretty dead, but I think the patio was busy.  I had the flatbread - the steak one - it was delicious  great truffle oil, cheese, basil - got to say one of the best flat breads I have had.  My partner was recommended the fish tacos by our waitress - she went for the ones with sea bass - she said they were awesome.  Looks like we will be going back to Kona Grill sometime soon !
4	I've been to Kona Grill several times for happy hour and sushi but since I got a $20 voucher to use towards an entree for my birthday I had to make a special visit to this spot. My girl and I were bored on a Thursday afternoon so we decided to head to Scottsdale for an impromptu drink!We sat on the patio which always makes for great people watching and I ordered the ladies margarita and the sweet chili glazed salmon it came with shrimp fried rice and veggies. I made the perfect choice because everything was AHmazing! The salmon was cooked just right and I could have literally pored that sweet chili goodness over everything on the plate!Points to our server for giving us a heads up that they were 10 min from reverse happy hour starting.Thanks again Kona for a delish way to end my Thursday!
4	Had to pickup glasses at Lenscrafters and since we were there, we decided to have dinner and take in a movie.We arrived about 5:30 and the place was almost empty. There happened to be only five tables occupied.My wife ordered the Lobster & Ahi Flatbread which had avacado, shaved red onion and the citrus aioli was wonderful.I had the Basil Pesto Linguine which was flavorful with the chicken and andouille sasauge. The noodles stuck together, maybe because of the grated cheese and cream sauce on top. I had to lift the noodles in the air to separate them.Loved the cream brule.
5	I have never been to Kona Grill before since I have always stereotyped restaurants in the mall to be sub-par. I went here with my Grandma because she wanted to go. I am not a big sushi fan, but the menu had many entrees that was not seafood or sushi. We ordered the avocado egg roll as a starter, and I was in heaven. It doesn't get much better than avocado in a fried egg roll with whatever that delicious green honey sauce was. YUM. I then ordered the grilled vegetable flatbread which had grilled asparagus, yellow squash, roasted red pepper, pesto, mozzarella, and balsamic vinegar. It was placed in front of me and I was sold. It tasted exactly how my imagination tasted it. I ate half of it and was stuffed, which was awesome since I got to eat the other half for dinner. From my one experience and one meal I give it 5 stars. I don't think I would try anything else there since I don't think it could get better than what I had ordered.
4	Good food, good service. Though my friend did end up having something harder than usual in her food, mine wasn't bad. Check it out, why not.
5	I have been coming to Kona for a very long time and what keeps me coming back is the great food, awsome happy hours and great staff that work here. You really can't go wrong with this place, try the happy hour from 3pm to 7pm or reverse happy from 9pm to 11pm Mon-Thur & Friday & Sat from 10pm to 12pm. The managers are great here, Shadi when managing runs a tight ship here.Breana, Brett, Joe and Russ are awsome bartenders.Gina, Jen, Sarah and Heather are great wait staff.
4	Had lunch at Kona Grill yesterday. Had a really good time since it was happy hour. Good deals. We ordered the shrimp tempura roll, voodoo roll, and avocado egg roll. My friend loved the voodoo egg roll and will order it again the next time we go. LOVED the avocado egg rolls - good proportions and the sun-dried tomatoes added a nice touch.
5	We always go to Kona grill when we come up from Tucson. If i had a last meal request it would be the Macadamia nut chicken. The sushi is also the bomb according to my wife and Sam Adams on tap is always a plus. Dave in the bar was nice to us this last weekend and we enjoyed our time as usual. Recommended.
4	I love Kona's happy hour! They have great deals on rolls and the drinks are very affordable. I appreciate that they have many options for vegetarians, including avocado egg rolls which I could eat all day if allowed to do so. The wait staff is efficient and friendly. I probably would recommend a local sushi joint if you're going for a regular/later meal. Your money will go further at a smaller restaurant.
1	I have had the opportunity to visit Kona Grill as a person on vacation from the small town of Ellensburg, Washington.  Just to be clear, Ellensburg is very small and has limited dining opportunities.  HOWEVER, all of my experiences in my small town GREATLY exceed my dining experience at KONA SUCK.  My friend and I went for happy hour.  We received a watered down margarita (I ordered a second shot and it was still awful and a sad Tisdale cab, let's clarify that this is a bottom-shelf wine from Fred Meyer!).  Disgusting.  Then we received a sad tuna roll with stale and chewy seaweed, and perhaps more disappointingly, a "chicken and shrimp on romaine wrap" that was actually a frozen dinner style chopped chicken and salad shrimp stir-fry with too much sauce on BIBB LETTUCE not romaine.  It was AWFUL.  Please do not eat here, go to PF Changs and order the delicious Coconut Vegetable Curry.  Delicious.  Kona Grill = Applebee's. I can't believe this last of quality was delivered at Fashion Square.  Happy eating elsewhere!
4	Love Kona Grill !  Great Happy Hour !   Ordered two cocktails, and two entrees, only $ 20.00
4	If you are going to dine at Fashion Square Mall you should check out Kona Grill and sit out on the patio..if you can find a seat!I've only ordered sushi at Kona and have always been happy with the fish (again, its Arizona so fresh is hard to find). The calamari appetizer and their angry edamame are pretty yummy! I've had both good and poor service at Kona, but the mediocre wasn't bad enough to keep me away! Their happy hour has pretty awesome deals. Between their cocktails, appetizers, and sushi rolls on special you can fill up nicely without breaking your wallet. Monday- Thursday happy hour is from 3pm to 7pm and reverse happy starts at 9pm and goes until 11pm. Happy hour on Friday and Saturday is from 10pm to midnight.
3	There are only a handful of places to eat which are still open at Scottsdale Fashion Square after a movie lets out. If you're not looking to drive/walk anywhere else, Kona Grill may do. It was a nice evening and we were able to easily find seating on their outdoor patio. While it overlooks the street leading to the parking lot, it's OK. Having the misters on was cooling, but I have a pet peeve about mister water getting into my drinks and/or food. Who knows where that water has been?!?! While the tables and chairs were comfortable, the noise level was through the roof (and this is coming from someone who enjoys a boisterous setting!) Between the cars, a birthday celebration and the music, I could barely hear my friend sitting about two feet away. We stopped in for a quick drink and a few apps to share. We had the California Roll (fresh!), the Potstickers (good wonton prep but undescernable filling) and the Margherita Flatbread (yummy, but a little on the sweet side with the Balsamic drizzle.) My friend's beer was cold and crisp. My Ladies Margarita was almost too alcoholic. (Proportion, people!!!)  The food portion sizes were adequate and the Reverse Happy Hour prices were attractive.Our server was pleasant and attentive. *HE* seemed amiable enough, but I felt like I was just a number and here's why. Before the evening was over, another man in a shirt and tie who didn't identify himself asked if everything was ok and disappeared before I could finish my reply. Total time spent at the table: less than two seconds. This has "manager completing his required stop" all over it. There was nothing genuine about his concern, other than it seemed he got "points" from his employer for having asked the question. This small act can have a lasting impression. It did. Just wasn't a good one.
5	mmmm so good and a great happy hour...i wanna go tonight!! I love their margaritas!!
3	Only restaurant I have been to that automatically puts the oyster crackers on the clam chowder before they serve it to you. Did it occur to them not everyone wants them? Some might say to ask for them on the side. I might if it was the NORM to put them on. Shouldn't have to ask. Strange.
5	I was visiting Scottsdale, AZ, and tried the Kona Grill for the first time. Happy Hour was great food, great margaritas, great service. Appetizers were $5 each and plentiful portions. We ordered 5 of the appetizers. All of them were scrumptious. The avocado egg rolls and the sauce were outstanding--a must try. Would recommend this Kona Grill at the Fashion Square Mall to everyone.
4	Loved this place. I came here for happy hour a couple days ago and it was great! I was quite hesitant because I usually go across the street to Yardhouse's happy hour. However this place was simply amazing. I ordered the bbq pizza, mini burgers, and crab sushi for only 22 dollars. The bbq sauce was great, the quality of the burger was great, and the sushi was pretty okay. I did not like the fries, it came out stale but I will def return soon! thank you Kona Grill happy hour.
4	I met with my girl Kira here for reverse happy hour after seeing a movie across the street.  You gotta love their reverse happy hour deals as they are just as good as happy hour. We ordered the chicken skewers, crab crunch roll, crab special roll, and the bama... Hey what you can say I was hungry. The rolls were ok except for the crab special roll. It was so salty. I mean I was like is it just me or is the super salty? Kira tried a piece as well and she was like wow, yea that is a little over salty. I asked our fabulous waiter about it and he kindly said would you like to order a california roll instead and I will take the crab roll off? Really? wow thank you. So i pushed that other roll to the side and devoured the rest (hey I told you I was hungry) and enjoyed great convo and food with Kira. Everyone was really nice, and the food, with the exception of the salty crab special roll was yummy. I will definitely be back again soon.
3	Kona grill was pretty standard. Food was average, nothing special. Service was good (and very attractive). It was "eh"
1	I love sushi.  The sushi at this place? Expensive and its not especially worth the high price.  There are so many good sushi places in the valley.  The sushi tastes old and falls apart when you pick it up with your chop stix (BoOO).  The miso soup seems like its from a dry mix. There are a few sushi places in town that are better quality and better prices. AKA fresher fish, better ingredients, and superior preparation.Try: Sushi Creek:  If you don't mind a drive.  Very fresh, very well done.        Mido:  Authentic little place with fast service and great prices.         Koi:  Nice place to party and have sushi with friends (has now replaced Sushi    101 in my heart).
4	A fun and varied menu with good service. We were seated quickly and the server let us take our time to decide on relatively busy Saturday night. We enjoyed some very tasty sashimi (the ahi was a standout) and a couple of their custom "Kona Rolls". I've always liked the dark and cool atmosphere.Another very satisfying experience at this location where I have been spending the occasional datenight since . . . . geez . . . . Clinton was still President. Just realized. . . .
4	I was here last month in the middle of a "shop till you drop" escapade with my Mom and sisters. Out of the years I've been coming (okay growing up) at Fashion Square I'd never once eaten here! We ate out on the terrace and we were surprised there wasn't a wait for 4 of us on a busy Saturday during lunch happy hour. The service was friendly enough and but the sushi, oh wow the sushi was great! We ordered six or so different things and just nibbled away. I didn't have a drink since I was already battling falling over sleepiness, but I thoroughly enjoyed the food and the break from the air-conditioned mall!
2	GRRRR! I AM MAD!! I've been to this place before, and never had trouble, until now! Me and a couple of friends went for my birthday a few weeks back and lets just say, the service, sucked!They took foooooorever to take our drink order...my sushi went to another table, and my food was COLD.This place is usually good, but i guess it was just the sucky waitress.
3	Got into AZ and needed to grab a few drinks and some food before heading out to the party scene so my friends decided to try the Kona Grill. We got there in time for their reverse happy hour... which I was really excited for. The 3 of us ordered the margarita flatbread, potstickers, voodoo roll, spicy shrimp roll, lettuce cup and avocado eggrolls along  w 2 rounds of drinks and the bill only came out to be $50! Super cheap!...which usually equates to awesomenesss... right?Wronnng.. we definitely got what we paid for.. the drinks were weak and the food wasn't particularly tasty  with the exception of their avocado eggrolls& margarita flatbread... everything else was subpar. Nevertheless, the service was good, atmosphere was nice and parking was abundant (=
4	I've been to Kona a few times but have learned the best time to go is happy hour. The place is lively and the drinks are awesome! I would definitely recommend the chambord margarita. It is one of the best margaritas I have ever had!! And, for $4, it's pretty inexpensive. I also enjoy their sushi and appetizers. Kona is a nice place to go for drinks and a meal. I would recommend it.
4	Great Happy hour specials and great atmosphere, the manager always comes around to make sure we have what we need, great service and staff.  If you're looking for sushi or just a drink after work hit up Kona Grill at Fashion square!
4	Finally a place where I can get some ahi poke!!
3	I had a pretty good meal here at Kona Grill.  I was really hungry and was really ready to eat anything.  Good Sushi.They had a lot to offer and by sifting through, I settled with the thai chicken wrap. It needed more a kick to it.They sometimes have seasonal offerings - - I did not have this but I will be getting the soft shell crab po boy next time I go.
3	We ordered fried calamari, sushi/sashimi combo, and a spicy salmon roll.   The calamari just tasted like tempura batter.  Sushi and sashimi combo was good.  Some of the fish tasted fresher than others.  The spicy salmon was okay, however, there was very small amount of salmon.  The service was great.
4	Nice atmosphere, menu is a little confused. Sushi on one side, a mishmash of American on the other. The calamari appetizer was fantastic. Probably the best I have ever tasted with an amazing dipping sauce. Forgot my roll for 15-20 mins whole everyone else already had their food. They apologized profusely but did not speed up the roll at all. The Bama roll was delicious, so as soon as I got it and sunk my teeth in, I forgot about the annoyance of being served last.
3	[First time Out-of-Towner for Spring Training]Mall food is always a gamble...Mall food has stepped its game up, especially at Fashion Square. We saw a few restaurants, but we were hesitant because they always seem to chain places - lucky for us out-of-towners, we didn't recognize either of them. We decided on Kona Grill, the girls were craving sushi-ish type of food.We'd heard they had a reverse happy hour, so that was also a plus in the decision making process. We were an hour early, but I think we got the good end of the stick, because we were there for awhile. We decided to sit on the patio, because every time we saw it, it looked fun and a chill spot.Being the Cali girls we are, we totally forgot about smoking!! Cali girl FAIL! We had people puffing all around us, which isn't KG's fault, our own...but gross! Cig smoke and dinner just don't go together.The patio is awesome, tons of TV's to catch any game. Lots of people watching, especially because it is by the entrance of the mall. "Snots"dale was becoming more and more evident as we spent time in this area.The menu was super cute. Great job design team, very cute and urban, without jeopardizing the masculinity. I went with the Cool Cucumber Mojito (bonus for skinny girls, only 110 calories). It was tart, yet refreshing. I really enjoyed it and it seemed to be the largest Mojito I've ever indulged in. The girls really liked their drinks...but I can't recall what they ordered, they were on the drink menu...we went 3 for 3, not bad False advertisement warning: The Shrimp Penne is SPICY. Those haunting little red pepper flakes infested my meal :( I am very aware of when menus indicate spicy and this did NOT say that, I think...this thing was burning my mouth on impact :/ I didn't want to send it back, we all know what happens when you do that...unmentionables, but I had too! I couldn't stand it after 3 bites. The non-mouth-numbing version was great. The shrimp were decent and the butter, wine, lemon sauce was great. The garlic bread is amazing, my inner carb lover was giddy as can be.The other dishes ordered that were pretty good as well. The sushi platter even came with a huge side salad. The sushi was basic, but fresh, can't ask for much more than that. The fried rice comes with Chinese Sausage, but the rice was crunchy...it was an interesting combo...not sure which way I'd go on that. The seared Ahi is plated beautifully and tastes delicious as well, very thinly sliced.Chris our server was great from the start. Even through sadness of my painfully spicy meal made into a normal non-spicy version. He was kind, funny, and helpful. He even went above and beyond and gave us some good places to go out on the town...being newbie's and all, we asked everyone...My taste buds are still recovering, but I won't hold it against Kona Grill...
1	The wave roll was pretty good. The other two rolls weren't. The service was terrible, and I got food poisoning. We won't go back.
3	Had a bad experience there about  3 years ago but made the effort to go back several times since.  They have a very good (I'm a wine snob -  admit it) BTG wine list (which MOST sushi places overlook) and I enjoy the Houston Roll.  I have taken friends and family there and they have been somewhat mildly impressed.  I will just go with my 2 yo from here on out as I know what to expect and what I like and that is just AOK with me and my kid!
4	I have never encountered a restaurant such as this inside of a shopping mall but I was very surprised. I was very impressed to see that the kitchen staff used gloves while cooking the food. There was a beautiful aquarium near the sushi bar. I don't think that there is a breakroom for the staff, however, because those that were on break were milling about near the kitchen talking and joking around. It really ruined the atmosphere of our dinner. The food was tasty however the sushi was bland. I've had much better at actual sushi restaurants. If I ever find myself back in the Scottsdale area again I'll probably eat here.
1	Be careful when you go to Kona.  My girlfriend and i went on a Saturday afternoon.  The waitress was soooo nice.  Too bad she has to work with horrible people.  After my cousins pycho ex girlfriend (who apperently is a waitress there.) spotted us she had the manager kick us out saying she has a restraining order against me!  Total lie.  I hardly even know this girl except for the horror stories that i have heard.  Whats even worse is the the "manager" actually did it.  Cant comment on the food considering we got kicked out before it came to the table.  Yikes!  hopefully there isnt any imaginary restraining orders on future guests that go in there.
1	Very poor service. When it was made evident we were waiting for the happy hour, our waitress barely paid attention to us. We ordered food in the meantime, so it's not like we weren't worth her time. The food was ok, but not good enough or enough of it to justify the price. There are better options near by where you can get better food, better service, and more bang for your buck.
5	This was a great dinning experience food was fab. Great service . cooks wore gloves friendly staff..Manager was the nicest man.. We will be back.
2	Used to love this place. Over the  years it has declined. Ordered the sea bass  not sure if it was real sea bass and the side was awful, buried in butter.  Too expensive for what you get. . Always have good service though.   Management need to take a gander at the reviews and do something
3	This is a hard review to write because on one end, they get very high marks, and on the other, bottom of the barrel.  Service was actually very good on Mother's Day, a day which could try even the best server's patience with large tables filled with children, parents and grandparents.  (There were quite a few of these.) - 4 stars  I love their salmon wasabi sashimi  topped with fresh wasabi root. It is one of my favorite sushi style dishes in the Valley -- 5 stars My husband had two different rolls, the crab crunch and the soft shall crab.  I told him he would be disappointed compared to the rolls we normally have at our local Japanese restaurant in North Scottsdale, Toyama, but he insisted.  He was definitely bummed - 1 starWe also ordered the grilled veggie flatbread.  That was divine . . . so much so , I went back with my girlfriend today to have it again.  The flatbread is huge, about 6 x 14 inches and it was loaded with grilled mushrooms, zucchini, asparagus, pesto, mozzarella and balsamic vinegar. It's enough for two for lunch, or as a starter to share with the table. - 5 starsDefinitely a great place to go for sit-down in Scottsdale Fashion Square, but stay away from the rolls and stick with the main menu, except give the salmon wasabi sashimi a try. It is the only for sure on the sushi side!
4	I've been here a couple of times with family. The food is good but for some reason we always got sat facing the crowds of people walking around the mall. I have had a few awkward moments where I see people I know shopping and a conversation in the middle of a family dinner happens. So the location is pretty weird, but you can always sit inside, but for some reason we always get placed out on display. Other than that, the food is really good. My brother likes to try a new item every time (lucky for me) so I've tried a couple of things on the menu. The sushi is pretty good, but you can get sushi at lots of places. I was more impressed with the big island meatloaf, the macadamia chicken and the Korean BBQ. I also liked the salmon salad, every entree was cooked really well and was hot when it was brought to the table.
4	We were mall walking and stumbled upon Kona Grill one evening. It was a party of 8, 5 adults and 3 kids. There wasn't a long wait and we were seated promptly. The hostess even offered our kids Etch A Sketchs to keep them entertained, that was a plus! I ordered the sunshine roll and it was good. I don't usually eat spicy but it was just the right amount of hot for my taste buds. The kids enjoyed their mac n'cheese. Service was excellent. The only complaint I have is that no one mentioned that they were participating in Restaurant Week. I found out the next day.I would have wanted to see what their 3-course prix fixe menu was for $30..
5	Kona grill's raspberry ice martini is the best martini I've had in my life! The service was great. I had a flat bread that was pretty good. The hamburgers are average. We didnt try the sushi. I'm giving it 5 stars for the martinis...I will travel a lot of miles to come back here
4	I recommend Kona for their American menu but skip the sushi! I ordered a Vegas roll a long time ago and it was horrible! I vowed to never come back until my friend Danielle told me that they have other items on the menu like salads, sandwiches, pasta, and burgers. I caved in and agreed to meet her for lunch at Kona. We shared some cheese and bacon fries. I ordered chicken pesto pasta and she ordered a club sandwich. A friend met up with us while we were having lunch and they gave him a huge slice of red velvet cake for his birthday! Friendly service and great food. What more can you ask for? I am now a huge fan of Kona and I can't wait to come back!
4	This place gets 4 stars because it good for after work happy hours.  Sushi rolls, apps and drinks are half off.  The sushi is decent quality, but it is definitely a touristy place to hang out.  I would only recommend this place if you're hanging out with co-workers and grabbing a quick bite prior to a night out.
4	Went here for happy hour and was pleasantly surprised at how good the food actually was.  We ordered 3 appetizers, and all were fresh and flavorful, not to mention a good value at half price.  Will definitely come again.
4	Kona Grill is always very efficient and always gets our order right. I love the Happy Hour! I realized I was in love here one night so I have a special soft spot for Kona Grill. :)
4	Every time I have been to the mall here I have eaten at Kona Grill.  I must say I was pretty skeptical, being from Hawaii, about having sushi in Arizona.  Nothing to worry about here, everything I have had was fresh and tasty!  They have other non-sushi items as well, like the avocado egg roll appy which was delicious! Great vibe as well, you would never think it's located in a shopping mall.
4	I admit, I'm not much of a sushi connoisseur, but Kona Grill definitely was really tasty! I came here Friday night with a group of people to celebrate a friends birthday, and I really enjoyed myself.The menu is easy to read with a variety of different options. The descriptions help me order since I am completely in the dark about sushi.  In between the server and my friends, I ordered quite a few plates of different food and all of them were really tasty.  I think my favorite was the Las Vegas roll by far!  My friend and I also split the Philly roll along with a few other dishes as well.  They have some really strong chocolate martinis, and overall I had a really good experience here.I think I like it here for a variety of reasons. For starters, its easy to order if your new to sushi like I am.  The server will help you if you have any questions, and I found the food to be really really good.  Not that other places are bad, but it can be overwhelming if you have no idea what your doing like me.  Also, they have plenty of stuff with out avocado in it since I think its one of the most disgusting foods in the entire world.  (I know some people will give me slack about it, but the consistency and lack of flavor completely turn me off and I just think its gross overall. This includes guacamole.)If your not into sushi, they also have several other menu options such as burgers and sandwiches which I think is awesome!  I know if I came here again I can order just about anything, weather its a burger or a Las Vegas roll and know that I will enjoy myself.  Great menu, service and overall good time. Try it out of your in the area!
5	I've had the pleasure of going to Kona Grill twice and both times I was not disappointed. The most recent excursion was this past Friday for a friend's birthday get together and we had the best time. I ordered the eel sashimi and split a Philadelphia roll with a friend and both were phenomenal. I also took the opportunity to finally have desert as I usually don't get the pleasure of sampling deserts at restaurants due to being full and ordered the banana cream pie. I received a massive piece of pie and the presentation of the plate was stunning and delicious. Definitely got my money's worth on that one!As for drinks two friends ordered wine and seemed to be enjoying them immensely, I myself has a lovely Cos[medic] Martini and I got the sample a friend's chocolate martini which was simply delicious.The server was friendly and attentive, prompt to show up when a party guest would trickle in here or there to make sure they were served, and even helped us order a surprise sampler plate for the birthday girl from the rest of us. Speaking of the birthday girl, she got a complimentary miso soup and I believe a cupcake as well. We had a slight billing mix-up which was understandable since we were all splitting checks and our party came in over a period of time which I'm sure made it slightly harder to keep track of everything. They were quick to sort it all out with minimal fuss which was appreciated.On a closing note Kona Grill does offer other cuisine besides Japanese which is helpful for someone like me who loves sushi but has a boyfriend who does not. Definitely a place I recommend going, especially if you need a break from wandering the mall and don't want to battle for a spot in the food court.
3	We hadn't been here in a while. After shopping, we decided to have an early dinner. I order the Pad Thai and my wife had the Maui Tacos. For me, since the Maui Tacos aren't on the menu, the way they were made looked much more different than when they were on the menu. The fried rice looked wet  and the tacos weren't wrapped as nice. But my wife still loved it.My Pad Thai was filled with a lot of chicken and shrimp. The chicken meat was cut is large chunks. Overall, I would rate this entree a B.Our lemonade was really watered down. I let mine set for about 10 minutes before drinking it. I should have asked for another one, but I was almost done with my meal and had been drinking water.The server, Diane, was polite and knowledgeable. She made sure our glasses were filled with water.
5	We dined here prior to seeing a movie on a Monday night.We lucked out and were able to check out their Happy Hour.  It is delicious food for an amazing value.  We ordered a couple sushi rolls and the Lettuce Wraps.  We enjoyed everything we ordered.  Their patio is great and even though it was warm out we were able to sit at the outdoor bar due to some great mister/coolers they have.  The service was good even though they were busy.  We will definitely return!
1	Wow,,,,this was one of the worst experiences ever.  We to have some lunch here, which was highly recommended by some friends.  We sat down outside on the patio...waited 5 minutes to get menus.  OK, I understand, if they were busy, which they we not.  Ordered a couple of water, so we could look over the drinks and food.  When the water came, my literally had floating objects in it.  OK, ordered drinks, then food.  Here is where stuff gets bad.  Like the 5 minutes for menus and floaties in the water wasnt bad enough.  44 minutes later, we get our food.  1 sushi roll, and I chicken wrap.  44 minutes.  NOT ONCE did the waitress come by to check on us.  No second drink, not sorry for the wait, not sign of her at all.  Food came, it was good, nothing worth the 44 minute wait.  Of course we were done eating prior to the waitress coming by to check on us.  So, I had my card ready, cause over an hour for a quick lunch simply did not fit into my schedule.  I wont be back.  There are way too many places in Scottsdale that provide good service and great food.  I was not expecting anything other than good food and average service.  AVERAGE service would have made this review 3 starts,. but I guess shame on me for just looking for average service in Scottsdale.
1	to start im gonna say that i went there cause i was at the mall n i thought it was a better idea there than just any other place at the mall food court, well NOT. we sat at the bar in the begging and we barely got water when another friend came along and said that he wanted to sit at the patio since he is a smoker, well we asked the bartender if that was ok?! he responded "I GUESS" with a bad face! so since then not good, about the food ..well it was happy hour so..philly roll- decent crab crunch roll-decent potstickers- AWFUL (since i love them im very picky)sweet and spicy shrimp-decentand i just gotta add that our patio server it was only talking to one of my friends and the rest we didnt have water. 2 bad servers in one sitting NOT GOOD!!!
4	They had really great pizza! It was also big enough for 2 to share
2	Nice bartender. Calamari was awful. All you taste is the frying batter. Sushi rolls were fine. Beer was cold! Happy Hour is better spent elsewhere.
4	I still haven't found a favorite sushi place in the Phoenix area yet, but this one is my go-to on Saturdays for lunch. Kona has a "happy hour" lunch, where select sushi rolls and other dishes are half-price!  Kona is at Scottsdale Fashion Square in Scottsdale, across from Starbucks and The Yard House. On the weekends I prefer to mosey up to the half-in, half-out bar upstairs on the patio and enjoy lunch. The dining room downstairs is nice also. The service has been great nearly every time I've been. So far my fave rolls are the Vegas, Bama, Voodoo, Crab Special, and the good ol' standbys, California and Philly. If you're going on Saturdays and plan to sit at the bar or on the patio, I suggest arriving before noon -- very crowded after that.
4	Brilliant ambience and avocado egg roll is delicious
4	I had lunch there yesterday, loved the veggie flatbread, friend loved the Kona chopped salad, full of good things.  But especially the service was excellent, sorry I didnt get her name, she was so nice, not intrusive but very helpful.
1	Had booked reservation two days pior and Did not accommodate their mishap for not finding us in their reservation because someone didn't write it down and was unwilling to correct it. Made us wait when we had reservation. Manager glenn unwilling to help
4	My first time visiting Kona Grill was 3.26.13 and I was not disappointed.  Macadamia nut crusted chicken was delicious as was the exaggerated serving of the mashed potatoes.  (Almost to my dismay as I could not stop eating them.)  Included also, was a pineapple mango puree and perfectly seasoned corn.  Everything was hot and came out in a timely manner.  Service was great- attentive but not annoying.  For a chain I was impressed and everyone else at the table was as well.
4	Fish Taco's are more of a warp, but the dipping mustard sauce is die for! I'll be back for happy hour for some spicy tuna rolls and tacccooos!
4	Horrible service the waiter can not do two at the same time. Not too sure what the problem was with the waiter but the dude had to be on drugs. Drink service, was weird, he had a hard time bring 3 ice tea's and one diet soda. He brought the diet soda but didn't bring the ice teas, then it took 15 minutes to get the ice teas, when we ordered our food, we wanted appetizers BEFORE our meal,  which was explained to him but NO, he brought my partners lunch out and that was it. We sat there wondering what was going on, after 30 minutes (I went to the hostess stand and ask to speak to the manager) after 20 minutes the manger finally came over (BTW we sit had not received the rest of our food OR drink refills) we told the manager was had happened, we got a new wait staff who was on top of it, and in about 15 minutes our food started to arrive. After this service and food was excellent...  The Manager comped our meal.  This all took place at 1130am on a thrusday afternoon.
4	We made a reservation on Opentable but were all ready at Fashion Square so we arrived about 15 minutes early. The hostesses were very accomidating seatng us and even got us a booth we requested. Pretty sure if you're a man working here you have to look like a model which was fine with me. Our server smiled and was very friendly making sure we were happy through our whole stay. The Volcano roll was all right, I've had better. The calamari was amazing. The Catepillar Roll was amazing. Pretty much all the things we ate were amazing. Our service was great, and there was eye candy all over!
3	I used to love this place. The love started 7 years ago.After several visits to several locations, the passion faded. I believe it wasn't my fault but oh well.I had a couple of bad experiences and I quit going for a while.In the last month I've been to the one in San Tan Valley and this one at Fashion Square and they've get better than the last couple of times. I'm sure there's enough room to improve but I believe they're in the right track.Time will tell.Cheers
4	This location is the best Kona Grill I have been to.  It isn't noisy or a 'bar' feel like the other locations.  We had a very peaceful nice dinner and enjoyed their amazing Oriental Salads with Macadamia Nut Chicken - mmm.  The best!
3	I have dined at this location of Kona Grill quite a few times now and I have decided that they have some items that are really good and some items that are really bad.To start off the service can be hit or miss. I had good service today, the hostess's name was Ariella and she was very nice and accommodating. I have eaten sushi here in the past and I would steer anyone away from it. I would recommend Stingray or even RA down the street on Scottsdale Road if you are looking for decent sushi. I had a rainbow roll here once and it tasted like rotten fish - disgusting. This was not enough to completely drive me away because I had also had the pan Asian noodles with beef which were amazing and delicious.Today for lunch I had the perfect pairings lunch menu and I had the clam chowder and Caesar salad (yes I had soup in 118 degree weather and it was delicious). I would highly recommend the clam chowder here, it does have bacon in it and it is amazing. The Caesar salad was fresh and the Caesar dressing was very tasty.Overall I have had hit or miss experiences at Kona Grill. I will be back for the clam chowder, never the sushi and maybe some drinks.
4	Nice place, the sushi was great, I was hesitant getting sushi in Arizona but it turned out to be great. Chicken and shrimp lettuce wraps were a great starter, the Albacore sashimi and some rolls, shimp&lobster roll and Philly roll. Both very good. Service was great and then for finally, Red Velvet cupcake. Delicious.
4	I love this place because of the outside patio and all-day happy hour on Sunday. Good environment, good food, and good service to go along with it. I always get the sushi and a cocktail. If you are looking for a good place to go for lunch or dinner on Sunday, this is the place to go.
5	This is one of my favorite happy hour spots in the country.  Every time I return to AZ, this is where I start my night (and, occaaaaassionally Z Tejas next door).  The food is solid and the prices are insane.  I've got my routine:  calamari with the best tasting aioli I've ever placed in my mouth, some potstickers, and spicy tuna rolls.  Add a couple tall Kirins and some sake and I walk outta there feeling great for between $25-$30.  I've paid that much for ONE sake bomber in other parts of the country.  I've been to a half-dozen Konas across the country (New Jersey, Tampa, Dallas, Houston, Denver, Kansas City, and all the AZ locations) and this is my favorite.  Nice clientele.  The real douchey Scottsdale d-bags don't really come here.  It's a tamer crowd but attractive, clean, and fairly affluent (it IS Scottsdale and it IS next to the Scottsdale Fashion Square).  The Chandler and Gilbert locations get more of your "let's take the quads out to the dunes in Yuma" kinda folk so, yeah, the Scottsdale location is more my speed.  Post Script . . . please bring the tuna wasabi back.
3	My wife and I just moved to Arizona from California and are avid sushi connoisseurs. This is only the 2nd sushi spot we've checked out so far. We went to Kona Grill yesterday around 3pm which is when their happy hour starts. You have to eat within the outside patio and bar in order to get the happy hour deals on appetizers, rolls etc. If you dine inside you'll only be to order from the regular menu. $6.00 appetizers, and half price on select sushi rolls.The outdoor patio is directly under the parking structure and have misters going the entire time to ensure you stay cool while you dine. A heads up for parking! We parked in the regular uncovered parking lot for free. If you choose to park valet in the covered parking its going to cost you $7.00.This is what we ordered:Drinks: 2 waters and 1 diet cokeAppetizer - Kona Calamari Rolls - Philly Roll, Atlantic Roll, and Fiery Shrimp RollOur take on the Kona calamari : The calamari was presented on a bed of shredded lettuce, and was a mixture of the octopus legs and rings. It also came with a dipping sauce. The calamari was not salty at all kind of bland but that was fixed with a few dips in the dipping sauce which was a bit tangy and  a few dips in  a soy sauce/wasabi/ginger mix.Our take on the Philly Roll: We both liked their Philly Roll. It had a nice smokey flavor to it which were not sure if it was the cream cheese or salmon.Our take on the Atlantic Roll: The crunchy tempura really makes this roll, it's not the best roll we've had but it was pretty good over all.Out take on the Fiery Shrimp Roll: We both expected it to be hot based on it's name, but it's quite deceiving. First off there was next no spice or fire and there was little to no shrimp. Service: Service was actually quite good as the waitress kept us hydrated. The only thing that I seemed to notice was the lack of napkins at every table, The only napkins provided outside were the ones for our drinks. If you want them you got to ask for them. Also we had to ask the server for utensils after they dropped off the first round of food. Other than that our overall experience was good. We will definitely be back again to try out other items on their regular menu. They had some pretty decent adult beverage deals going on during happy hour.If you are looking for a spot to do business talk or just hang out with friends and have a few drinks and affordable sushi then I would recommend you checking this place out.Until next time cheers and Happy Eating!CC
4	I've eaten here many, many times over the years and I've never had a bad meal. The fish dishes are always fresh and full of flavor, and the non-seafood dishes are great, as well. The food is also interesting. The quality is consistently high and I've brought many a picky eater here with excellent results.  The place also has a cute atmosphere despite being in the mall - the enormous, exotic fish tank is fun every time! The service also extremely pleasant and professional.Overall, a great place!
5	The happy hour on the weekend is a smoking deal.   Two or three people can get drinks and sushi for around $25.   Staff is always rocking and fast.  Great ambience and people watching too.
4	Good food.  More on the expensive side.  I don't know if it's worth the price but a nice atmosphere and like I said, good food.
4	Kona is average.  It's a tough area!  There are soooooo many good sushi places in Old Town/Downtown area---Kona usually does not compare.  The food is just okay.   They are not bad, but they are not great either.   Price points are on the high side.  The service is fine.  If you are in the mall, and want sushi, I'd say go to Kona.  You will have a good experience.  But if you aren't already at the mall, their are many places in the town where you can have a great experience.
5	The Miso Sea Bass is one of my go-to all time favorite meals. This location always has great service and the food is spot-on.
4	Holy Avocado Egg Roll! As soon I took a bite of this, the flavors were bursting and it felt like I was in Hawaii for a second! If I could eat these everyday, I would but that is not going to happen.  Kona not only has fresh sushi rolls, nice variety there, but they offer American cuisine as well.   Happy hour is pretty bomb at this place.  Like most reviews, menu is higher priced so if you're not going during HH just be prepared.Menu has a good variety.  Fish tanks add a nice feel but would appreciate a little more vibe to escape from "everyday dining".
5	Talk about delicious and you have to say  Kona Grill. You will become a sushi addict. Easily the nicest waitstaff in the valley. They actually all really like each other. no hyperbole;just people who love their job! that's because the management team work hard to get it right! they meticulously redid the ladies bathroom and its splendiferous. Kevin is the personable manager along with Brian. Casey is running around nonstop! the ladies are really beautiful and are good listeners. they'll make you happy or die trying! this place is so awesome!! Right near all the action at Fashion Square.
5	Thank you James! KG had a great party tonight with delicious food, sushi and desserts. We spent a hilarious evening with Bruce S and Barbara. David, who doesn't really like sushi, enjoyed the hamburger slider that Barb got for him. I wish I had seen Kevin to thank him. What a great staff and beautiful environs not to mention that the food is incredible. The makeover of the place is phenomenal. Good job everyone! A wonderful place to spend time at Fashion Square!!!
3	First!! The food and drinks here are great. We used to come here every Sunday and eat dinner and hit a movie. Kudos to bartender Mitch for making memories with us. Now?? The remodel was highly anticipated and we traipsed through mall looking forward to seeing the brilliance. We immediately loved the blue tints and amazing fish tank, then on our way to the bar I tripped up the stairs. Clutzy me? Nope, there was some unfinished remodeling and something wasn't to code so well it wasn't just me but even after the manager apologized ever so kindly nothing was comped and I had a horrible bruise for more than three weeks -- I couldn't sit in chairs with arms or sleep on my right side.But....we love Kona, so back we are today and it's crazy holiday madness and the stairs are fixed with a safer ramp thing, but....the bathroom seemed like 89 degrees hot and sopping wet and in disarray, the downstairs dining room was stuffy and smelly and bright as a cafeteria. And once safely upstairs the bartenders were flustered (but we do like Brett and have enjoyed his service a lot!!) and where oh where are the TVs? It is a tied game ...Cardinals are standing strong and I have to depend on the Yard House for yelling out updates. Not cool!!!Get it together Kona! We miss the old Kona but of course we aren't the same people either...just call me Mrs Z now;)
4	Great food and do a mean miso soup if u go for the sushi! Everything else I have had here is good too but they do a better job on there sushi
4	It was really busy on a Saturday evening so my boyfriend and I sat in the bar area upstairs. Little cold since the bar opens up to the patio seating outside. The BBQ pork sliders were one of the most delicious dishes I've ever eaten and even though you only got two (for $12.50) it came with equally delicious sweet potato fries and I ended up going home with leftovers.
5	Have you been here since the remodel? Well you should!  The place looks awesome!  We just had brunch there and bartender made the best blood Mary.  My boyfriend was unsure what to get so he conjured up an AMAZING martini!
3	I wish I could give half stars, I would bump it up to 3.5. The food is great! The salmon salad is one of my favorite dishes to eat anywhere!!If you like calamari, that's amazing too!I gave 3 stars because the service is terrible. Expect waiting on your server instead of them waiting on you. I seem to have a little bit of better luck when I sit inside. But patio service, forget it. They just remodeled and the place looks beautiful!So...in short...food and ambience 5 stars, service I'd give a 2... thus resulting in a 3.5 star review.
3	I would say this place has the best happy hour in town! It is the only happy hour that is actually going on late enough for my co-workers and I to make in time. Food is amazing! However the reason why i only give it 3 stars is because service is not the greatest. I remember finding a table during happy hour and waiting so long that i literally had to flag down the nearest employee just to ask to put in our order. Another time our server would disappear for quite some time leaving us low on our drinks and not giving us opportunities to order more.
4	Happy hour review:Great service, waitress was on the ball with everything. $3.50 spicy tuna roll, $6 for alaska roll and another special roll. We also got the chicken lettuce wraps that were on the happy hour menu. $4 beer and margarita. Overall the food was good for hh price (I wouldn't pay full price for it though) and the drinks are okay.
4	I noticed their menu has changed since our last visit.  Ordered fried calamari again hoping it would be better...and it tasted much better than the last time.  The small rings were very tasty.  We also ordered shishito peppers and caterpillar roll.   The shishito peppers were great.  I could eat lots of them. The caterpillar roll was small but it was very flavorful.  Good service.
1	super disappointed with our dinner at Kona (scottsdale fashion square location) last night. Service was terrible. We watched our server laugh and talk while we waited for over 20 minutes for drinks that we ordered immediately. When they finally did come, they were brought by someone else (our new server was at least more attentive) and were not what we ordered. We didn't get our waters (which we asked for right when we sat down) until after our food was delivered. Food wasn't great, either (we barely touched half of it). Definitely not worth the $50+ we spent on this lackluster dining experience. IF we ever visit this location again, it will only be during happy hour...at least then, we will only pay half price for bad service and OK food.
5	Stopped in for a Bloody Mary after a rough night. They use Zing Zang so that was a huge bonus. Drink was amazing and very loaded. Waitress was all over it and did a great job. Place was awesome big big screens all over to watch sports. Perfect location right in the mall.
5	Food was sooo delicious! Went in for lunch with a friend, had great service and great food. Waiter suggested a few good sushi rolls and they were so good that we asked for seconds! Also, its very beautiful inside the restaurant. Nice way to end our shopping trip in the fashion square mall at Kona Grill. Will definitely be going back. Thumbs up!
2	3 stars for the food, 2 for the service. Waitress was in attentive and so absent that we enlisted the busboy to get soy sauce, chopsticks and wine for us! When he brought the entrees out He even fixed our wobbly table - something our waitress again failed to do. Great busboy btwMiso soup was not what we remembered but sushi and pad Thai were good.
4	Bombbb spot for the happy hour. Gotta go with the bama roll and spicy tuna roll as far as sushi goes. Also the chicken+shrimp lettuce wraps. The cucumber and seaweed salad and sauce that it comes with is on point!!!!! Their drinks specials are also great. I'll be back for sure
5	I got the coconut shrimp sushi roll with macadamia nuts and mango. Very delicious and a bit sweet! I also got the simple tuna roll, which came with a bit more rice than I would have liked. Still fresh and tasty though.
3	Overall good experience dining here. Great HH that's worth trying out, especially the calamari. Really love the huge saltwater tank they had, just wish a few employees would have known the type of fish in it!
4	Good food & service I was pleasantly surprised at the kids meals just $6 and served in a cute bento box with healthy choices  a main course 2 sides and fruit cup shaped like a teddy bear, super cute!
5	Kona Grill really surprised me with how great their happy hour is! And on top of that I love any place with reverse happy hour on a Friday night!! Cheap drinks and great food always make me happy!
5	Stopped by here yesterday for a fast lunch and was pleasantly surprised with the quick and friendly service and quality of food. We sat upstairs in the bar and I believe our servers name was Josh. I love Sangria and Kona makes theirs with Sake. I'm not a fan of Sake but this was really yummy!  We had the potstickers for an appetizer, my daughter had a sushi roll and I ordered the fish tacos with fried rice. The only hiccup to the whole meal was that the fried rice had cooked pineapple in it and I'm allergic to that. But, this was my mistake because I didn't read the description. Josh was very professional about it when I called him over to our table, taking it back to the kitchen and having them make it again without the pineapple. So many things in the menu sound really good so I'll be back for sure!
5	I love their happy hour. Must try the avocado egg rolls! So yummy. Also, make sure Brett makes your drinks. He's amazing and such a nice guy. He definitely made our night.
5	I normally hate restaurant chains but their sweet salmon soy salad would be my last meal. Everyone I introduce to this says it's the best salad they've ever had and I once emailed and asked how I could get their dressing for a dinner party, they sent me a gallon for free, paid shipping, nice cooler, only asked that I continued to let people know what an amazing menu this chain has. It's Hawaiian fusion (in case you didn't get that from the name) and it pops up in family towns so the fusion is with American.
4	It's not a mall trip without going to Kona's happy hour! I always feel like my shopping is a success after happy hour here.Today the service was great, waitress was really attentive & nice, I did not catch her name :/ Food was good, had sushi rolls and a couple appetizers. Chicken satay & avocado rolls are a must try!I personally think the dining room is way too bright & might be scaring off customers. But I always sit outside staring at the valet area lol. Margaritas are much better next door but you can't win them all!
4	yummm sake bombs for happy hour anyone??
1	We went here for happy hour & before a movie around 4pm on a Sunday, and the hostess  seemed more annoyed to greet us, rather than excited to have guests. Once up in the bar, the service was great. The food on the other hand wasn't anything to write home about... The avocado egg rolls were filled w/ just avocado, and no seasoning. The potstickers had pre-cooked crumbly chicken filling inside, rather than being raw & seasoned, before cooking through in the fryer...just a weird way to do it... The sushi was a joke, and shouldn't even be called sushi.. Pass on the wave roll & the  bama roll.But really, it's my mistake thinking that i could find good sushi at a place like this. It's built more for ambiance than food quality.  Great pl for a drink & non-Asian food...
3	I have been to this location and the City North location on multiple occasions. We really like the happy hour deals. My boyfriend and I went on a double date the other night and sat on the patio. The server did not seem like he was happy to be there. During our meal we decided that we should leave quickly, not because of the service, but becuase there was an employee (probably off the clock) sitting at the table next to us smoking. The smoke was blowing right into my face and as a non-smoker, I could not stand it.
2	We came with a group of 12 with reservations.  We even received a confirmation call.   When we got here we were told there was no reservation.  The manager apologized over abs over but did nothing to try to accommodate us.  This once is poorly managed. The staff is not trained on the rules.
5	One of my solid go-to places whenever I'm in the mood for sushi. I rarely make happy hour anymore because of my work schedule, but when I can it's great. I've been to several Kona locations and this one is my favorite for mainly two reasons: their (adult) drinks always pack a punch and they have a lot of great servers. We usually get great service. Personally, always get sushi though their dishes look good when I see them on other people's tables. I'd highly recommend the angry edamame for anyone who likes spicy. We always ask for the angry sauce on the side so we can dip sushi in it too.
4	This place is awesome for happy hour. We had the wave roll (spicy tuna, shrimp tempura, avocado, cucumber, soy paper), crunchy crab roll, crab special roll, and calamari. Everything but the wave roll was delicious and the bill was about $20. You can't beat that!
5	I love Kona Grill!!! Great happy hour and lots of options. You can sit downstairs in the dining area or grab a seat at the sushi bar. The servers are super sweet especially McKenna, Stephanie, Eric and Josh! I'm biased but they are amazing! If you go upstairs (3-7) week days and different hours on weekends, that's where happy hour is served. If you sit at the bar Brett and Russ will keep you company. I recommend almost everything there. Appetizers are great like the avocado egg roll or chicken satay (sub out the slaw) for pineapple pork rice.. Hm the cosmos are sweet.. I could ramble on. If you feel like a sandwich I enjoy the avocado chicken club. If you want a salad you must order the oriental chicken salad!! It's delish!! Lastly, if you are there for dinner the sea bass is fishy but it's a favorite of mine or pork tenderloin. Haha I know this whole menu but overall if you are a first timer at Kona, you will have lots of options. The menu is half sushi and half American based food with a style of Caribbean. I love Kona obviously! :)
4	My thoughts on the KG is this: you just cannot beat the value for their HH or reverse HH.  Their drink menu, combined with their discounted rolls / flatbreads / appetizers are fantastic.  I can't quite give the joint five stars because outside of the discounted time, I just think most of their menu is overpriced.  This night, at this location, our service was outstanding.  Within minutes of sitting down we had three sake bombers with a big ol' bottle of Kirin light and we were happy almost instantly.  There were a few people smoking on the porch, but not anywhere near our table so it wasn't a problem whatsoever.  For food we got the calamari, the chicken and shrimp lettuce wraps, a Philly roll and flatbread to share between the six of us.  Perfect amount of food and the bill was more than reasonable.  It should be noted that there were no less than four dudes rocking Affliction shirts who were more interested in their phones than their beautiful arm candy - but whatever.
4	nice place to go for happy hour the bbq chicken flat bread pizza was very good and on happy hour they are half off over all a good experience the service was a little slow but it was busy
2	Not impressed. My wife and I have been here a few times for happy hour. Today my mini burgers were not seasoned at all. The fry portion was for a child. My wife bit into her pad thai and spit it out immediately. Went to alert management that they were serving inferior product. He could not be bothered. We asked for our money back and will not be visiting again.
3	Happy hour has good pricing and selection.Voodoo roll with crawfish missed the mark but still worth a stop in.
4	We came here for lunch on a Sunday and the food and service was pretty good. They have some  gluten free options but they list it on a separate menu with no pricing so matching things up is a bit of a pain. Just putting a gluten-free symbol next to options on the regular menu would make things easier. They do have gluten-free soy sauce for sushi and sashimi which is nice. Lots of food options from burgers to salads to sushi and sashimi so it is a good place to come to if there are people in the group who do not like raw seafood. Having lived in Hawaii for over a decade I am not sure where the Kona theme comes in as there is little Hawaiian about the place. That said the restaurant is nice though and the water tank behind the sushi/sashimi chefs adds to the atmosphere.
3	My party of 6 was tired, since we just returned from the Grand Canyon in time for dinner, but, we did not have a dinner reservation. So we collectively opted for this restaurant based on Yelp and Trip Advisor reviews. Although we did not have reservations, when we arrived around 7:30pm I felt we were lucky to be seated outside almost immediately. The restaurant offers both inside and outside perimeter dinning. The weather in November was spectacular for outside dinning.My party of 6 enjoyed our dinners here. I would return.
2	Nice place and the food is not bad but really overpriced. The staff is very pleasant and nice atmosphere but agin, just not worth the price. We ordered 3 rolls and a wife had a sandwich. There is very little fish on the rolls compared to other sushi places. I uploaded a pic showing how much rice and and how little fish. Like 95% rice. Blew me away that is a $13 roll? They were all like this. Only one other sushi place I been to that gave such little fish in their rolls. Just hard to recommend when the sushi is so ridiculously small and overpriced. My wife's turkey and Brie was very good. Although I personally think it would be better as a hot sandwich but that is preference and she knew it was a cold sandwich when she ordered it so no mark down for that. Only my second time here, daughter likes to go when we hit fashion square but I will talk her out of next time. Luckily not here that often.
3	An ok place for a Sunday afternoon. Kona Grill has all day happy hour on Sunday!! (yay!) Too bad I was't in the mood to drink and the roll I like wasn't on the happy hour menu. But all was well. Not many people seated in the bar area. There were three bartenders, and they all managed to be "busy". Brent was my server. Thank heavens I didn't need him for anything because he was scarce. The sushi roll came to the bar before my silverware. hmmm. I chose the spicy salmon roll. I enjoyed it!  However, I wouldn't call it  "spicy"!  The wasabi that I put on it gave it a nice kick though! ;-)  I had to flag down Brent to request my check. He obliged, but never came back to pickup my card. I had to ask another bartender to cash me out. I've been here before and received better service.
5	Excellent service always at this location. Enjoyed a beautiful birthday dinner tonight with an amazing server. Great atmosphere. This is always by far my FAVORITE sushi place. EVER.
4	My husband and I like this place a lot. He has been going to Kona for over a decade. I have only gone been two times. He is a sushi lover-I am not, but they do offer non-sushi foods for the sushi-aversive people. I especially like their happy hour. They have a regular happy hour and then a reverse happy hour, which is great, since I like to eat later in the night. The times I have gone, the service has been pretty good. The staff was friendly, and pretty quick with service. I think the decor downstairs is beautiful. It reminds me of nice restaurants in Las Vegas.  This place will soon be one of our favorite eating venues.
3	Located at the fashion square mall it is so convenient for after shopping! Happy hour is great as far as drinks! Food is decent! Great afternoon spot!
5	This is the first place I'd ever tried sushi. Yum. It's not THE BEST, but it's serviceable. So why five stars, you ask? Because they've got more. Tons more. This is the only restaurant in existence where I can enjoy good sushi AND good pizza at the same time. And then there's the happy hour. I haven't taken advantage of it yet because I never go to a mall to drink, but if I decided to get buzzed before I shop or go to a movie, this will be perfect. The upper level is also great for people watching!
5	My Grandaughter Haley and I went here for dinner while shopping in the mall. We love the atmosphere and the Sushi. We had the catapillar roll and chopped salads which were huge and delicious.The service was friendly and quick and we always enjoy this place.
4	I finally tried Kona Grill last weekend after passing by them countless times. I love the look of the restaurant and modern feel to it. Also the bathrooms are beautiful with awesome faucets.... These things matter people. The food was hit or miss for me. The avacado egg rolls were great but my wife and I were both disappointed by the Caesar salad. The dressing was lite and odd tasting. It wasn't bad but didn't taste like a traditional Caesar salad. For our entrees I got the macadamia nut chicken and was completely blown away. This is a delicious dish and I loved it! I will definitely be coming back for that macadamia nut chicken. Our waitress was fantastic and they have key lime pie, always a plus in my book. The price of the dinner was high, but we were both very satisfied with the quality of the food. Just fix that Caesar dressing!!!!
5	I like the chairs but they don't feel very fabricy. I feel bad eating sushi when there's fish around. It makes sad. I ate their mother. Oooh my.
3	I have only had food here once, and wasn't anything memorable.But - if you want to hit up a nice, great ambiance bar with a reverse happy hour before going out. This place is awesome.Try their sake Sangrias! I like white vrs red.. but don't be shy. It is great.And if you are looking for something  a little more manlier... there is always the Sake Bomb!
3	Kona Grille is always good.  People think this is just sushi, but it's a great restaurant to go to if some like sushi and others hate it.  They have great land food - sandwiches, pizzas, burgers with a little sushi bar.  The sushi is just OK - there's some good rolls, but most of it is unremarkable. This one is always good because its right in the mall, has a great patio with beautiful people and of course...It's in the heart of Scottsdale.
1	Walked in the restaurant from the mall entrance and you could smell fish. You shouldn't walk into a sushi restaurant and have it smell like it did. We should've walked out, but we didn't. We ordered the macadamia crusted chicken which had no flavor, Hawaiian ribeye (very fatty) and caprese sandwich (that was fine). Service was just okay. Not personal at all. Bathrooms were super dirty and weren't stocked. As I was walking back to our table you could see the floors were dirty throughout. Overall, we'll never return and we should have went elsewhere.
2	Surprised this place has such good reviews.Went there with my bf and was not thrilled. We ordered two apps and two entrees and the main problem was the fruit flies...tons of them were flying all over our food and drinks. We weren't sitting at the bar (where, fine, you may expect this to happen a bit), but at a regular table. The annoying part was that a few of them flew into our bottle of wine so we notified the waitress and she spoke with the manager. We had at least half a bottle of wine left and the mgt decided to take less than half off the price of the wine. Seems tacky to me - it's not like we just didn't like it - the place wasn't clean.The server was nice and cheerful, but the food was only so-so at best and the atmosphere in the dining room was a bit weird - very bright, screaming kids, etc. Wouldn't return.
4	Love Kona Grill's Happy Hour menu. I've been to Chandler and Scottsdale and love both locations. Most sushi places I go to their HH food menu only provides deep fried dishes which I rarely order from. I usually order non-deep fried rolls because I can taste how fresh the stuff I eat. Kona Grill has wide variety of selections on their HH menu. Sake Sangria was perfect for me as I like drinks that are fruity. The Vegetable rolls were good and I can taste the freshness of the vegetables. Chicken Satay, the chicken was tender and juicy. Beef Bulgogi Tacos, beef was wrapped with a soft shell with some shredded cabbage, carrots and some other veg/plants. This will be my go to place for sure.
2	Most of the meal (sushi and sea bass) was good. The veggies with the sea bass were inedible. No big deal but when they redid it (15 minutes later), it was still bad. We told the nice waiter. He relayed the problem to the manager, Patrick. We waited for Manager Patrick to make an appearance. Nope. Two tables of patrons in the whole restaurant but no Patrick. We waited and waited. No Patrick. Lousy, lousy manager. On the way out, we met Manager Nick. He was awesome. We usually enjoy Kona Grill, but uneven performance from kitchen and management was disappointing. Patrick is a HUGE detriment. They must be desperate and/or foolish if they keep him on.
4	Review is only the HH items,Been going here since it opened and I'd go with a relative 4 compared to similar casual restaurants.  Going with a group of friends you can have a sample mixed food options. The chicken tacos (very good), flat breads (pretty good but I liked the former style standard thick crust slightly better), and sushi which is decent.  I have one time had food off the dinner menu and liked what I had, don't recall the specific and my parents liked what they ordered.
4	Food was great, staff was very attentive, decor was pleasant and the prices were very fair. You would really have to stretch to find anything bad to say about this place. Will definitely return here and anywhere there is another Kona Grill. Count me in as a fan.
3	Liked the atmosphere good for watching sports. The food was not too great- pad Thai noodles were just ok. Sushi was average. The sake red merlot sangria was pretty good. Would not come back again.
3	This Place was nice, clean, and the staff was friendly. I had their sushi sampler with a side salad and my lover had their beef bulgogi tacos. I felt the tacos were a bit on the sweet side but it was good. sushi sampler was good too.
4	Great environment! We've been here once before we saw a movie and came back while we were in town to meet her friends for drinks. Place has been remodeled since our first visit a few months back. Wish we had an appetite when we came so i could have had some of their sushi. All their dishes look amazing here! My girlfriend loves their Raspberry Lemonade Drink. Their Vegas Margarita (not on the menu) is pretty good too!
2	Really peeps!?!! 3-4 stars? Blehk!!!....Scottsdale has so many other Sushi places to go to! Yes, it's in a convenient place, HOWEVER ....do yourself a favor and walk across the street and eat some tastier, fresher, healthier food! Had the ceviche...brown avocados and tiny pieces of unidentifiable seafood...oh wait, I could see the mini pieces of octopus....bland, a fruit fly flew out of the bottom of one of the  chipped, white, ceramic, square dishes (they give you 3). Inexcusable!The sushi....obviously they don't know a thing about making sushi rice and I had to ask for Wasabi and Ginger just to "clean the palate"!I was desperately hungry after walking that mall and looked at the reviews here on Yelp....... you guys have it so wrong! Walk across the street ....your money will be better spent!
4	This place was awesome. Wife had the salmon and I had the ribeye. Servings were generous and our server even split the soup for both of us. Excellent service. I hope you open the CA branch soon.
3	I've always been a Kona fan. So when my friend decided on this place for the dinner before her bachelorette party, I knew exactly what to expect.We had made a reservation, so they were prepared to accommodate our large group. What they weren't prepared for was how their other customers would feel. They decided to place us next to the railing inside the mall, and while the majority of our group tried to stick to general restaurant etiquette, some of us failed. Those of us that were did a LOT of apologizing to the tables around us. I feel like Kona should have placed us in a more private location, being that we forewarned them that we were a bach party.Our waiter didn't help the situation either. While he did cater to our ladies shots requests, encouraging things like sake bombs, he was also very sarcastic and rude when it came to everything else. He made a lot of off color jokes and comments about our get ups that weren't "ha ha", but more of "you're all morons". Here's a tip buddy: don't talk down to your customers. Especially ones that are likely going to be your biggest tip of the night. Our less than appropriate waiter had a younger female waitress helping him w/ orders and food delivery. She was awesome. She did her best to make sure everyone tabs were correct and fixed a few order issues that her counterpart had no interest in remedying. Such as asking the bartender for ginger beer for our one lady who foregoes booze. He scoffed at her and went to the next person to order. While our female savor went straight to the bar and brought back the ginger beer w/ an apology and promise that none of her "beers' would appear on our check.The food was really good (this is what I knew to expect). Most of the ladies went between pizzas and sushi, both were enjoyed. Their updated drink menu was very good. We very much enjoyed that you could actually see what the drinks looked like on the iPads that served as drink menus. Some table faves included: raspberry crush, strawberry basil lemonade, pineapple honey mojito, and the strawberry fizz.All in all, our experience was good, mainly due to the menu and our female waitress (I WISH I could remember her name). I know the bride will definitely be coming here again. As for me, if I'm in the area I might visit the bar.
4	Good food. Well presented. The avocado egg rolls were fantastic. We also had lettuce wraps which were spicy and tasty. There were four of us we all ordered something different and each of us enjoyed it. The waitress was friendly and helpful. I would recommend this place to everyone and I am.
4	The ultimate spot to chill and grab an appetizer while shopping ..and the outside seating is the best ..the food is always good here I always get the sushi appetizers. .love it
