4	This large outlet mall is located several blocks from the hustle & bustle of The Strip. This is not walkable from the Strip so you should plan on some form of transportation to get you there. It is not as large as some of the other Premium Outlet Malls I have been to but they have quite a few nice stores. Some of the stores are Banana Republic, Dolce and Gabbana,  Benetton, Kenneth Cole, Coach, White House | Black Market , French Connection and Calvin Klein.  I found a great deal on a shirt that I wore to a Christmas party last year.
2	EH, this place isn't that great. I like outlet shopping but so many places don't live up to it. This is one of those places.
4	Don't get this confused with the  Las Vegas Outlet Center on Las Vegas Blvd. Take note that you shouldn't plan to come here on a hot day since this is an outdoor mall. You will be sweating buckets. With that said, I've been lucky to come here on days with bearable weather. Unlike the other (indoor) outlet mall in Las Vegas, this outlet mall has a better selection of stores such as Coach, Ralph Lauren, Lacoste, French Connection, Timberland, Dolce & Gabbana, and Banana Republic, just to name a few. Parking can be hectic, but that can be resolved in a snap if you are willing to pay $5 for valet.
5	Always find great STEALS here. I don't mind the heat. I'm not outside much as I am a hard core SHOPPER. My husband loves lacoste and FCUK which always has great bargains at this location. I usually load up on coach bags for presents throughout the year. (You know, you forgot someone's birthday? No big deal, you have an already wrapped coach bag in the closet!) Way better than those other outlets that are indoors. Plus if you go to the website www.premiumoutlets.com, sometimes there are good coupons in the VIP club.
4	I love these outlets, it is nice but I wish it is enclosed because the elements can be brutal. FCUK, BR, Coach, Dolce, A/X and other outlets that are more higher end are located here. Too bad it lacked a lot of my sizes so I left a little disappointed.
5	I have gotten several pairs of designer glasses here.  Best place to go when you want to save a few ducketts and still get real designer stuff.  The last thing I got here was a new pair of Dior shades.  Saved $100 bucks.
4	Ok so the shops here are actually not bad. I've found some good deals here. I like the Pac Sun....they have good shoe selections. However Robert Wayne Footwear...Not really outlet prices. Believe me I used to manage one of the stores in LA. Ask for a discount or mall discount. Even no tax to get your hookup. I like the kitchen gadget stores. The food court. Not so good. Try Makino if you like jumbo sized all you can eat sushi.  :) So the shops aren't so bad - Nike, Tommy, Ralph, Quicksilver. This is much better than the other outlet mall....
3	It's close to the freeway, and it has a taxi stand.  Those are the best features, oh and the bathroom was relatively clean.  We stopped here to try to find some comfy shoes and fun tops when the weather did not match up with the stuff we packed.  There were a lot of people milling about.  People, shopping is a participatory sport!!!!  Grab an item, fondle it.  Determine if it's really worth the price they're asking.  Try on a few bits and pieces.  Don't just stand in the store and stare aimlessly at the wall.  Do not stop in the middle of the walkway and have a conversation with your third cousin twice removed about your bunion surgery in two months.  Thanks!
3	land of XL's and bad shoes. This place isn't bad, but it has too many "shoe pavilion" type stores and old man type stores like Izod or Geoffrey Beene for me. AX, D&G, FCUK, Guess, Calvin Klein, and Kenneth Cole are some of the better stores, but you still need some luck to find something thats a good deal AND your size. Found a Small AX jacket for $30 among the piles of XL's, so i'm happy.And like someone said, it is HOT outside! i found myself hopping into one bad store after the next  just to avoid the sun - wouldnt be so bad if they were better stores. This place needs a Queer Eye makeover.
4	I've always managed to waste some money and find something to stuff my overstuff suitcase with here.  It helps that there is shuttle service from a lot of the major hotels here.  Even if I haven't ever used it.  It does get a little crowded during peak travel time, but hey, if you're in Vegas for more than a couple of days and are realizing that you're running out of things to do on the strip, the outlets are just as good a place as any to burn some time and money.
2	the sales sucked and the heat was killer. too bad the misters weren't working!! walter found an outfit for like $30 though. not bad!! i found some things @ coach that i can't get in LA. yay. NO THANKS though as far as the heat is concerned. i was baking. i managed to save $$$ all over, even on food.
4	This is a pretty typical premium outlet mall except that it's so hot your skin will melt off. (No seriously it will) It has all my favorite stores: Coach, A/X, Kenneth Cole and Banana Republic. There are some good deals in here but a lot of stores only knock off about 20% which isn't much. Either way I always come here when I visit Vegas.
4	Found some damn good deals there with brand names that I like, so overall, this is a great outlet mall to visit.Couple of caveats:1.  The taxi line at the outlet is LONG.  Waiting in it can take way too long.  Do yourself a favor and either a) rent a car or b) learn to take the bus.2.  Do not take your girl there unless you have the endurance for a 3-hour shopping excursion.
4	I like the Vegas Premium Outlet a lot.  If they have a store you like, you'll like it.  If they don't, you won't.  That's the whole thing to outlets I think.  If there are stores that you actually like to shop at, you'll be excited to browse through and find things that you like.  If you don't like a store, no matter how much you convince yourself to like it because it's so much cheaper, it's not going to happen.Each time I come here, I really only go for two stores.  The Coach Outlet and the Guess Outlet.  The Coach Outlet always has a really good selection, including a lot of things from Coach Retail.  (Where I live, the Coach Outlets suck).. Also, I always liked Guess Outlet, but I no longer have that near home, so I get excited to come to this one.  This Guess Outlet is also pretty big.  The Premium Outlets itself is nice and well maintained.  There's also a food court. Overall, if they have a store you like, I would definitely check it out.
4	I've been many outlets in CA but this place is in my top 5!First of all, they have l'occitane outlet!!! Usually, I go the store and see their skincare products and just go. I can't buy because of the price!!!but this place, maybe you can find something affordable!I enjoyed Cosmetic Company Outlet,too!they have stila,clinique,mac,bobbi brown and estee...it's luckey if you can find something, because they have only limited selection and color.
3	There are basically 2 outlets near The Strip.  In fact, they are on opposite sides of The Strip.  One is an outdoor outlet, the other is indoor.  This particular review is for the former.  I think in comparison to each other, I prefer this one.  However, when it's the dead of summer and it's reaching 120 degrees outside, I'd prefer the indoor one.  But, in terms of shopping, I like the stores here.  They have a good Tommy Hilfiger store that always has good deals when I go there.  Also, the Nike outlet always seems to be stocked with stuff I could use and if it's on sale, stuff I could afford.  I also like the fact that there are like 2 or 3 different stores where I could buy cooking supplies.  That way, when the Mrs is looking at girly clothes, I have somewhere to go.As for the food court, skip it.  There nothing over there worth going to.  With that being said, the food's not bad there, it's just that I'd rather go somewhere else if possible.  Parking is not a problem.  Wait, let me rephrase a little.  Parking is not a problem if you go some time other than the holiday season.  If it's black Friday, then good luck!
4	Overall the place is nice. Food, shopping , restrooms, ect.Bring a light jacket. It gets windy since it's outdoor.Not very crowded on weekdays but weekends mabey different. Friendly staff. Clean mall. There are a variety of retail to choose from. I'm sure there's public buses that run there but cabs are there waiting for you at the front.
4	BCBG outlet is a great find.  Imagine $300 dresses at $40!  My sister from England went crazy there.  Quiksilver has some great bargains too.  Better than overpriced shops at the Strip.
4	Always a nice place to soak up sun and shop away from the strip. I think all the foreign tourists think the same way. Don't be shocked when you see people rolling around their largest suitcases stuffed full of their finds. The entries/tour bus meeting points are constantly buzzing with people comparing buys and re-packing their suitcases in their foreign tongue. It is very entertaining and makes me not only hopeful when entering but so disappointed when leaving. I never know where to start but do know that I usually have a moment of panic when walking by the Coach store to see hundreds of ladies going crazy for the big 'C'. I am always curious to see what I may find but only make it to the first table maybe the second then turn and run out. Then I try the shoe stores that never quite work out but I have yet to give up on em. I tend to stay away from stores I have in my area but I had a few gift cards to burn and found some steals at Banana Republic.I try to avoid Armani Exchange cause they like to blow your ear drum with the unsk-unsky music that makes you waste hours in there checking out insanely vibrant clothes that are priced so low you have to look through EVERYTHING while tapping along with the beat. Found a lot I would have purchased but couldn't quite handle the chaos. I am a bad woman I know. My girlfriend found a great dress for cheap as did her sister. I think it was that store that made me wish there were good outlets by me. I could see it being a pit stop for a girl in need of hottness.Moving along we skipped the Puma store and a few other shops to be on our way. We were able to hit Lacoste and I always look forward to Lacoste as it NEVER has anything for me :) The boys like going there for the cheap polos but I never find anything for myself. I was just doing a quick walk through when I ran across a one day only Easter sale rack. It had a ton of tennis skirts, t-shirts, and sweats- FOR $20! I confirmed the price of the goods I wanted, tried them on and walked out with a sweater and tennis skirt for $40 and some change! It was a one day sale and saves my self over $200. Crazy.Food court is decent. Great place to start the day and firm up the plan of attack with your shopping posse. Across from it is what I think is called the Fudgery and they were so charming helping me stay within my dietary needs after a day of shopping.Overall a great place to kill some time and still get a brand name bag or two without wasting the winnings from the night before.
4	This mall was nice as a regular mall even if it wasn't full of outlet stores.  Outdoor pedestrian malls always seem nicer than the indoor malls so this was a nice change for outlet shopping.The store selection is varied and many higher end companies had stores here that aren't usually encountered at the more common Mills based malls.Even if you aren't shopping, this is an interesting place to come visit and just sit outside and people watch. It's a good break from the strip and the timeless casinos.
3	I would give this place more stars but the last time I was here, in 3/08, a lot of stores weren't even open yet! But, the stores that ARE open, well, they have a decent selection. I'm pretty sure by the time I come back(8/09), a lot of the stores will be open.
5	This mall is pleasant and much more reasonable than say the Forum Shops at Caesars.I usually go straight to the Adidas and Nike stores here.  I run a lot and to save my knees I switch out running shoes every 2 months, so they stay bouncy.  You can get a solid pair of Adidas running shoes for $45, I like the Duramo's, which are as good for your feet as the $120 Nike Shox they sell at Foot Locker.I never eat here, the food court is blah-and.
4	There is a variety of good stores in this place...time to go shopping with your winnings, before you lose it all back!
4	I love shopping here ... it's much better than paying full price at the stores!  They have a great selection of stores from the moderate to pricier spectrum, and are opening up more soon (hello Kate Spade and Aldo shoes!).  You can also sign up online to be a VIP, and then get extra coupons that way. Who needs to shop at the Forum Shops anyway?
5	The reason I LOVED this mall is because when you wear a size 11 shoe, your shopping choices are limited.  Now I have hundreds of shoes but it took a lot of work to build a collection like I have.  Most size 8's can go to a shoe store any time and buy what they want.So my point was that almost every shoe store at this mall had my size!  And not just ugly granny shoes, but really cute shoes!  On top of that they have a Burberry and a Michael Kors along with a good selection of other stores.
4	Great stores, great selection! Problem is... parking is a little bit of a pain and it seems no matter where you park you're doomed to reach the outlet center already hot and sweaty... Although this place has all the great name brands, it's hard to give a place 5 stars that involves walking around in 110 degree Vegas heat for a long time.. you'll definitely leave thirsty and tired during the summer!
4	4.0- Did someone say outlets?  Why yes, I think I will.Being Filipino, it is inherent that I look for a good deal.  Naturally outlets and I get along pretty well.  While I'm not the biggest shopper, and usually limit my trips to outlets to very specific stores (adidas, puma, some dressier shops) there are some outlets that don't have "outlet prices."  Yeah, not a concern here.What I also like about this outlet, is the selection of stuff at the stores I go to.  I found a really cool Filipino shirt at Adidas, and I found an Iron Man watch at a watch outlet for $25 (though, I opted to get a $12 one that was just as good).  Dress shirts seemed to be pretty decent buys, and I found a pair of "nice" cuff links for about $20 (best before that was about $30).A good selection of stores, good prices, and an ok food court (hey, they got Orange Julius), if you want to do some affordable shopping off the strip, come check this place out.
5	Just got back from a recent trip to Vegas and MORE STORES ARE NOW OPEN!!!!!!!!Burberry, Catherine Malandrino, True Religion and Juicy Couture were the new stores I visited and I was in utter heaven.I believe Ferragamo, Missoni, and Ed Hardy are opening soon too. I saw that they were fixing up the stores and looked almost complete.They have the usuals also - Polo, Guess, A/X and FCUK to name a few.I was also really happy that they had a Lacoste, Dolce and Gabbana AND OMG OMG OMG OMG!!!! A SOLSTICE OUTLET STORE!!!!!! OMG I was about to faint when I entered. Designer sunglasses for more than 50-60% off? I'm getting lightheaded just thinking about it!I spent about $1k in a matter of a couple of hours but oh lordy, I sleep and cuddle with all the  beautiful things I got. I'm so in love.The BF and I are planning yet ANOTHER trip to Vegas before the end of the year, just for the very fact of going to the Premium Outlets to go shopping.  We are such label whores.
4	Since were staying at the Cali in downtown, and had driven by the mall on the way, I wanted to check it out before checking out of town. They have a wide array of stores and with us getting there around 7:30 and it closing at 9:00 pm on Saturday, I had my plan of attack. Look at directory, see stores I like, rush in and out. It usually works. I wanted to start with Burberry, but the guys didn't, so we walked around and then I ditched them. Went to Banana Republic, Puma, Nike, WhiteIBlack, A/X, Ferragamo and made quick purchases. I think I did pretty well and didn't break the bank too much. What is weird about this outdoor shopping plaza is that it looks like it's not quite open yet. It was dark already, but they didn't have any of the courtesy lamps on in the walkaways. So you'd turn down one way or another and it'd be kind of dark. A little creepy if you're a girl shopping alone. Good thing I always have my pepper spray handy. Saw the comments from everyone about the heat. Don't go during the day. At night on a Saturday, this place was completely dead. No one in sight, except for a few stragglers here and there. I was overheating a little bit since it was a tad humid, but doesn't everyone sweat a tad when they're trying to cram in a bunch of stores in 90 minutes?Good stores, good prices and all the salespeople I ran into were really nice. Will go back when I have more time! Never made it into Burberry. Probably a good thing, though, since I would've dropped a few more Benjis.
4	I'm not your typical chicka - I really don't care too much for shopping...yeah, yeah, I know! But, we had a bit of time to kill while in Vegas, so we wandered over to the Outlet shops - they have a pretty amazing variety of shops, and a lot of "premium" shops as well (Burberry, Coach, True Religion, etc.). The shops are outdoors, so I'm sure this place must REALLY suck in the dead of summer - but since we were there in October, it was perfect - if not a tit nippy!Amazingly enough, I actually found some stuff that I liked and bought it for next to nothing!
4	What a great place to spend a morning! I say morning because by afternoon, it gets pretty hot, since it's not shaded at all. Great variety of stores, loved Dolce & Gabbana, Kate Spade, Elie Tahari, Juicy, Salvatore Ferragamo, Lucky and Miss Sixty. The customer service at the Kate Spade Outlet deserves a special shout-out, way WAY  above what you normally find in an outlet setting. Burberry was a mess, merchandise all over the damn place, hard to find anything and prices were about the same as at the non-outlet location. Bleh. If it's an outlet, at least let me feel like I'm saving A LITTLE BIT OF MONEY, right?! I'm just grateful I didn't have my little princesses with me or I would have left a lot more money there! Not a bad cab ride from the strip, but a good thing happened when we were in the cab line waiting to leave; a limo driver, clearly thinking on his feet, gathered several of us going to the same hotel and took us back for less than the cab ride! Score! A much more comfortable ride! The one and only downfall was that I couldn't find any place that served alcohol!  I was just short of devastated, then I spotted the Dairy Queen.  Obviously not the same, but a smoothie really helped keep me going. I just enjoy shopping ever so much more with a cocktail in my hand! Now before you start thinking "wow, Liz, you're such a drunk", remember, I was on vacation, okay?!I highly recommend this place for some less pricey shopping than you find on the strip.
5	This is like Las Vegas version of Disneyland minus the roller coaster. It's an outdoor shopping center. There's like 150 stores with all your favorite brands like Nike,Levi,Ecko,Quiksilver,Vans,Reebok,Juicy Couture,Gap,Disney Brooks Brothers,,Coach,Billabong, Zales, Bose, Fossil  and so many more.It gets  super HOT in the summer & super cold in our 3 days of winter. What do you expect? Great deals can be found here-$5 T-shirts, $20 Warm-Up suits at Nike, 2 prs of Nike's for $60. Best time is Holiday sales. Save big $$$. I love this place & everyone tourists should make it a destintation on their trip.
3	This is a great outlet mall, but you might find some better bargains at their south Outlet Mall on south Las Vegas Boulevard. There were two distinct items that were cheaper down south. One was a phone belt holster that was three dollars less. The other was a jacket that was BOGO 1/2 price up north, but the item itself was 1/2 off down south. Yes, these were both at the same store, same style, etc. The north outlet mall is bigger and has more stores. The one down south is older, slightly smaller selection of stores, but you might get a better bargain.
5	The baby & I did our share during Black Friday to help stimulate the economy at this eye-popping paradise for bargain-hunting shopaholics.  Conveniently located less than 10 mins. away from The Strip, we arrived there before 9AM & took advantage of the extra discounts which, unfortunately, don't apply to all stores.  BONUS BARGAIN:  Try to get a hold of on-line coupons that you can present at the information desk to receive coupon books for added discounts.  Example:  Baby got a 20 percent discount at Lucky Brand Jeans.  Good quality stores like Bass, Coach, Ann Taylor & about 150 more.  From now on, we need not travel all the way to Primm, NV to go outlet shopping.
4	Black Friday at an outlet is always crazy. I cannot believe I was one of those people that went and braved the crowds. From last year, they updated the selection of stores from Coach, Dooney and Burke, LeSport Sac, Polo Ralph Lauren, Banana Republic, Black House White Market, Juice Couture, Quicksilver, Billabong, and so many others to remember. They have a decent sized food court with a generous space for eating. They also have a Starbucks which happens to be crowded every single moment, so line up early!This outlet is one of my favorites, and there are always good deals through out the year.
5	I absolutely love these outlets!! Especially the coach outlet! I left vegas with tons of great memories and a fabulous new purse!Regular price: $ 359Price I paid: $98!Oh yea, it was worth it :)
4	This place has some really rare outlet stores...at least coming from Atlanta they're rare to me. Diesel, Dolce&Gabbana, and American Apparel to name a few. GO NOW if you want to find some of the most ridiculous sales you'll ever see. Every store, and I mean every store, had a minimum 50% sale going. Unfortunately for me, I couldn't find a whole lot that I either liked/fit me.Definitely worth a visit when in the city. About 10 minutes north of the strip. Easy to find and parking is free.
5	This is one of the best outlets I have ever been to.  They have all nice brands and it it not too far from the strip.  You should sign up for a free VIP membership to get extra online coupons and a coupon books from the information booth.  I prefer this one to the one in the South.  I will go back next time I am in town.
4	Outlet shopping is definitely up there on the top reasons to go to Vegas and this outlet certainly doesn't disappoint!! I've been going to Vegas for years and years and was super excited when this new outlet came about and even more excited when they expanded!  They've got a variety of stores from the classic Coach outlet to Banana, French Connection, Children's Place, Guess, etc to LeSport Sac, Juicy, and D&B.  The fact that it's outdoors is good and bad, sometimes weather makes it a little difficult to shop (too hot in the summer, too cold in the winter).  I love the addition of the parking structure, though I think it seems like a far walk from the structure to the stores - but I'm all for more parking! Another great thing about the place is that on Black Friday, it seems that they keep opening earlier and earlier for serious shopper like myself!!I do think that they need to improve on their Food Court - there really isn't anything about it that stands out, but at least they have a Starbucks!!
4	Next time you think about wanting to stop at Primm on your way to Vegas, don't! Just keep driving..... and when you get to Vegas...... keep driving on I-15 and go to these outlets. It's SO much better than Primm -- by a long shot.The stores have more merchandise and there are better stores. Plus, an outdoor mall is more appealing to me than an indoor one. They offer valet parking for $5, but there is a parking structure with more than enough parking available so you can opt to do that if you don't want to spend $5.
4	So i got dragged here by women... but I have to say that not only was it interesting to look at all these premium stores (places I would normally not ever go to) but also to see some of the deals.  Defiantly a place to get some good clothing cheep!  Even the Disney store had some nice deals on stuffed animals.  The outdoor part was nice, despite it being a little cold. Parking is abundant in the garage and its free.  If you have some free time when in Vegas, its worth spending an hour or two bargain hunting.
5	There's no way I can complete a trip to Vegas without stopping by here at least once during my stay. My aunt had told me that their high end stores had moved to their own area in this mall. That and plus the fact that it was my birthday gave me an even bigger reason to go. So glad I did! Being from the Bay Area, I love taking advantage of anywhere that has lower sales tax. The Coach store is my favorite. Normally I just get one item from there when I visit, but this time I managed to walk out with a leather wristlet and purse, each for under $100. What made it an even better experience is that I got handed a coupon for an extra 10% off as soon as I stepped in. Scoooooore! Happy birthday to me!
4	i used to live in vegas and i would frequent these outlets. its ALOT better than the outlets on the south side of vegas (on las vegas blvd... before the strip). they have everything you could want... the only reasons why i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 was cuz its outdoor (its gets hot as a mofo in vegas come summertime) and its down the 15 freeway a little bit (like 10 mins or so). but other than that its a cool spot so check check check it out
4	Great big outlet shopping spree! Yay! This is probably one of the better outdoor outlets that I've been to. Lots of variety... from J.Crew to BR... to Coach and more! My friends and I went at the perfect time: New Years Eve. Markdowns were everywhere, and it wasn't crowded to the point where we weren't helped. Must go back!
4	This is a great place to get some nice clothes at a discount price. They have something for almost everyone. I know I always fine something when I go and I'm not even looking. I almost want to avoid this place because it's just more stuff that I really don't need.
4	I prefer this place to the Forum shops a million times over.  Huge, huge variety of stores, awesome prices, and it never seems too busy.  I can spend an entire day here, if not longer, shopping and shopping and shopping.This place is a nice break from all the casinos, buffets, and hotels on the strip.
4	you can only gamble and drink for so long. take a break and come to the outlet and get your  shopping on. When  my girls and I went it was hardly anyone there. so you can enjoy strolling along, window shop, actual shop , great bargains on top of the line  stuff  too!and then go to your hotel and rest.
5	Ow! My feet, my poor feet!  I walked so much that my feet started aching.  I ended up buying a pair of running shoes at the Reebok outlet.  I'm not complaining, I love the shoes I bought there.  You would be consider a loser if you don't come out of the outlets with at least 1 item!  I made purchases at the Coach store, Kate Spade, Bass, Reebok store and Zoo York store.  I win!
4	Why do I love coming to Vegas?  1) Gambling2) FOOD3) OUTLET Shopping!!!Vegas Premium Outlets has the best outlet stores in the area.  It's not so huge where you feel overwhelmed with all of the ground you have to cover, but they do have a good variety of stores.  This is the best place to shop around, especially if you're looking for some great deals!  And it's only about 10 minutes from the strip, in downtown Vegas.
3	I liked this outlet but I didn't really find anything that made me squeal. My mother did buy me the cutest Coach purse for my birthday so that gives mommy 5 stars and the actual mall a 3.
2	These days, I find myself getting more and more disillusioned with outlet shopping. The merchandise is only so-so and you can get better deals at the mall. In fact, a lot of the stuff is made for the outlets which to me, defeats the purpose. I guess not everyone feels this way because there were TONS of people! What recession?! Between my mom, grandma and myself, all we got was a LeSportsac laptop sleeve, which ended up not even fitting my macbook. If you want to buy it, check out my ebay auction haha!I was also super excited to see a Catherine Malandrino outlet and while prices were an additional 50% off the tag price, there were probably only about 20 different styles, 18 of which were hideous. The girls working at the store were also more concerned with gossiping and putting makeup on than helping any shoppers. Skip the outlets and head to the Fashion Show Mall!
4	I follow my wife from store to store.  Looking for a place to sit as she shops.  I refuse to sit outside like most men because I want to be involved.  But I'm starting to have aches and pains all over!  You know, I can walk a golf course for 5 hours without any pain.  However, when I shop, aches set in after 30 minutes.  I must be allergic to shopping...All the usual brands like Gap, Banana Republic and J. Crew are here.  They also have some really unique brands.  Ed Hardy, Kate Spade, True Religion, Ted Baker, Juicy Couture and Michael Kors to name a few.  If you get hungry, there's a food court with plenty of seating.  I feel the only thing missing is a sheik furniture store like Crate and Barrel or Pottery Barn.After 3 hours, my wife was finally done.  All of a sudden, all the aches and pains went away!
4	I always like coming to these outlets.  The stores are easy to shop in although you can get lost easily.  I went around in a circle or two to find certain stores.  I am REALLY glad that the Coach store has moved and is much larger.  The Armani store is always a pleasure to visit, just like White House Black Market, Fossil, Le Sport Sac, Ed Hardy, Juicy, Oliver Peoples, Elie Tahari, Ecko, Bebe, Movado, etc.  Those are typically the stores that I like to go to. Anyways, I found some real good deals this time around, and even received extra special coupons. Parking can be a pain but it's not usually too bad. The food court has some rediculously priced drinks, at the chinese spot.  The Godiva is hidden.  The restrooms aren't the cleanest but they are not too bad either.
3	It wasn't that great. Although reduced prices were cool, their selection simply sucked. I went into Juicy, Hugo Boss, Diesel, Ralph Lauren, Guess, FCUK, AX, Lacoste, Seven for all Mankind, and True Religion... but I only walked out with a shirt for work. yeah, sad, huh....to me, shopping at the Beverly center, Santa Monica Promenade, Century City or The Grove seems a lot more worth it. Save yourself some time and go to the Fashion Show center or Venetian.
4	This is a good outlet.  Not the best, but worth the trip.  They have several good shops.  The kids got several pairs a shoes.  I found some great deals at burberry.  the Coach store had a good selection.  If you look you will find good deals.
5	This is probably one of the best outlets I've ever gone to. The Vegas outlets have a HUGE selection. Not just of stores, but of things at the stores. And it's only a 5-10 minute cab ride away from the strip (about $15 each way). You'll find pretty much all the high end designers here, as well as mid-range places too. All of the stores have great selection and carry a variety of sizes (not just XL and XXL!). Some noteworthy things I got was a BCBG dress (originally $280) for $40. And my boyfriend got Ferragamo sunglasses for $99 (usually $300+)! The only slight downsides are that it's outdoors and you have to put up with the Vegas sun and heat. The food court and bathrooms also aren't all that clean. But who cares when you find a great deal!!!
3	The second time I came here, it was just ALL WRONG. Lesportsac and Juicy were the only interesting stores. Then again, I've been spoiled by Sawgrass Mills, so if you'll excuse my brief review. =)
5	This is my second favorite outlet mall.  In my opinion it's better than Barstow, Primm and others.  The only one I feel is better is Camarillo, CA.  This outlet mall has a parking structure that is close and keeps your car out of the sun, and a bunch of great stores.  They don't fill the mall with stores that you don't care about!  It is a true outlet mall with true outlet prices.  My boyfriend and I both find stores we love and prices are great :)
4	lesportssac, american apparel, ferragamo, etc...can we say awesome? ok i only shopped at 2 of the 3 i mentioned but whatever. the prices were good. the service at each store was awesome too. the best part? it rained! so the blistering heat wasn't so blistering and the rain dried up quickly as we walked around the outlets. i wouldn't mind coming here again.
4	For an outlet mall, this is one of the best I've been to. The wifey and I always make a point to stop here to pick up some nice gear for the Vegas nightlife. We can both find stores we like to shop at with ease.They've got pretty much all the major name brands here, like Tommy Hilfiger, Banana Republic, Ralph Lauren, Nike, Adidas, PacSun, Charlotte Russe, Calvin Klein, Coach, and many more!(full list- http://www.premiumoutlets.com/outlets/store_listing.asp?id=58). Whatever brand you are into, most likely you can find it here.  Lots of really good deals around too!There's plenty of parking available but I suggest trying to find a spot in the parking structure to keep your car cool during the summer months.  It's also an outdoor mall so if you are there too long you may get a nice farmer's tan. Oh and the Food Court is crap. Might as well save your money for something better to grub on in Vegas. It's definitely a good place to take a break from the hustle and bustle of the strip. Plus, it's nice to come home with something tangible than just spending all our money in the casinos.
4	The best thing about this outlet center is that it is indoors and rain or heat wave, you can still shop comfortably.  The selection could have been better.
3	Normal Outlet mall, has all the regular stores: Hugo Boss, Juicy Couture, Banana Republic, French Connection, Pac Sun, etc.  They have an indoor food court with outside seating also.  They have a Subway, a Japanese place, a chinese place, a pizza place, etc.   The only thing I could prob recommend is to not go on a weekend...Parking and Food Court is Crazy!  But then again, that's when most of the sales are, so if that's the case..go early!
2	Had pretty decent stores, but prices were not that amazing to me. parking garage was super crowded and took forever, I wish we would have valeted b/c after walking around the outlets I didnt want to walk back to the car. They had little spray misters like the ones at amusements parks to keep you cool in the blazing heat, but it started raining on us, so those didnt really do us any good. They have an inside food court but I didnt eat there.
3	Agree with other reviewers that for an outlet mall, this has a vast selection of merchants, from the incredible expensive to the people selling SlapChops. If you are looking for a specific item, you are probably SOL. Just dive in, drop into stores that you like, and come home with a bunch of useless crap.Highlight of my recent trip was the David Yerman and Converse outlets. Drop by if you are bored of gambling and partying.
2	I think I can start spelling "disappointed," "Las Vegas Premium Outlets." "Vegas has amazing shopping." "The outlets get you amazing deals." I guess I may have heard these phrases one too many times because I went there and my heart broke. My dreams were dashed. I think I heard the sound of a unicorn dying as well... Maybe it was the time of year, maybe I'll try again but despite the amazing number of shops nothing was actually a deal. Everything appeared to be normal price and the selection at every store was seriously lacking. The same stores at the Seattle Outlets yield a lot more selection. And as far as price, I did end up buying one dress, and after the exchange rate (didn't have to pay duty though) I saved a grand total of $4 from buying it at home. The cool thing was the mist spraying trees in the concourse to keep you from melting, I really appreciated those. Also, if you're taking the bus, you might want to rethink it. The deuce will get you to the transfer point quick enough and then the 108 bus only comes once every 25 minutes there, consider cabbing if you have the cash. All in all, I would just say that there HAS to be a better place to shop.
4	Outdoor mall. Many stores. Nice and sunny. Good for me. Not good for my wallet. Have been here a few times on separate trips to Vegas, and I've found stuff here each time.Food there is so-so though. Took a taxi here one time from our hotel on the strip and it wasn't too expensive. Needless to say, a pretty short drive from the strip for those who are driving.
4	We love coming here when we're in Vegas.   The 150 stores are amazing.  We got some great deals at Spyder, Adidas, Ecco, Burberry, etc.  Okay, almost at every store.  You can save lots of money from the malls and stores on the Vegas strip.  It's worth the trip out here.  You can take a taxi for about $20.00.  I usually rent a car during our visit so I can come back a few times during my stay.
3	If you get your shop on like I do, and you've exhausted the shops at Bellagio and Venetian, The Mag Mile at Planet Hollywood, The Forum Shops at Caesars, and The Fashion Show Mall, then your next stop just may be the Las Vegas Premium Outlets. Some of the stores - Benetton, 7 For All Mankind, A|X Armani Exchange, Banana Republic, Calvin Klein, Bebe, BCBG, Ann Taylor Loft, Ann Klein, Burberry, Diesel, Brooks Brothers, Chicos, Cole Haan, Kenneth Cole, Ferragamo, Nine West, Stuart Weitzman, Timberland, Puma...the list goes on. Now, this is not the BEST premium outlet shopping center, but if you have the patience an the time, you just might find some great deals.
3	New look, nicely laid out, easy to navigate.  There's lots of stores to browse, but I really didn't see a lot of true bargains.  Most merchandise was discounted the same amount as you would find in a regular (non-outlet) shopping mall.  The weather was great when I went, but I can imagine how miserable a person would be walking around this place in the middle of July.
4	Freakin great outlet mall.  This is my 3rd visit, the last one being a few years ago where there were fewer stores.   I say forget Barstow and maximize your precious shopping time here.  I scored at the Crocs outlet for the first time.  (see my other review for Crocs outlet) I usually hit Brooks Brothers, Banana and Ann Taylor for work clothes.  Hey, you can always validate the male members of your Vegas entourage that shopping here is a great way to thwart any tempation to gamble (aka lose), thus saving them more money! LOL!
4	This is probably one of the best outlets I've been to in a long time because when they say Premium, they truly mean premium! Some notable goodies are Diesels at 30% off outlet prices, True Religion jeans at $99! and great deals on kate spade shoes. I can't stress about how awesome this place is and if I had an unlimited budget I would probably buy all my wardrobe from here still because it's so much more accessories, shoes and clothes for your money!The only downside is that the parking situation is terrible on a daily basis and in the summer its hot like crazy since its outdoors and in the winter its cold for the same reason. Otherwise outlet prices + Las Vegas tax = happy shopper!
4	It's an open air mall, so you know it can get hot. Their solution to help cool you off? Mist. Pretty cool if you ask me, but if you are out there suntan lotion is probably a good idea. The girlfriend and her mom love this place and they love going through all their favorite stores and sales. It's a nice, clean, and spacious. Probably one pf the best places in Vegas to find a good value.Parking wasn't too bad because we parked in the structure.
4	For you non gamblers and shoppers this place is for you. Lot's of stores and some good deals, best time to go is when it's not hot lol you'll melt since it's outdoors not much shade. The first time i went there about two years ago I couldn't believe I spent almost half my gambling money there lol spent about 4 to 5 hours there i dont think we even covered all the stores plus it was pretty warm and it was the first day lol. Lots of parking too but can get really crowded depending on the day and time. Another thing to do if you're staying in the downtown area.
5	My favorite outlet stores anywhere.  Always find easy parking and always find good deals.  The hubby loves the Polo while I gravitate to the Coach store.  Easy location near the strip.  Happy Shopping!
4	One of the better outlets in and around Las Vegas.  Even though it's outdoors, they have plenty of shade blocking sheaths that try to cover the walkways so that you can at least avoid the sunshine.They have plenty of popular stores.  Click here for a listing:http://www.premiumoutlets.com/outlets/store_listing.asp?id=58There are two covered parking lots.  I usually go to the more interior one since it seems as though more people park at the one that's right at the entrance.My wishlist is for them to have a better food court.  They really don't have much to choose from, but at least they have Makino, the AYCE sushi buffet.I'd rather go shopping here than lose my money at the tables!
4	Wow, women everywhere, eye candy everywhere. My favorite spot for free eye candy while I do a little shopping. A must visit every time i'm in lv.
4	Pretty good store selection here.  Some of my favorites include:Coach, Burberry, 2B Bebe, Guess, Pac Sun, BCBG Max Azria, Aldo, Juicy Couture..What I love is the second you walk into the store you find out they have everthing in the store a certain percent off, sometimes up to an additional 40%!!  Couldve used some better food options, but then again, who wants to eat alot when you're trying on tons of clothing n what not
4	Winners win big and shop at the Las Vegas Premium Outlet to get what they deserve. But losers, well, all they can do is window-shop. "I'm neither; so don't ask too much from me."This is a very lively and well-architect outlet, especially in the dark evening. There are many stores that fit my rugged and suave lifestyle. Some of the discounted stores I've visited are Nike Factory Outlet (of course), Adidas, Puma, Timberland, Ecco, Mark Ecko, Gap/Banana Republic, Bose, Tag heuer, Ferragamo and L'Occitane. The food court is small with a Subway, China Pantry The Great Steak and Potato Co, Dairy Queen, Italia Express and of course a Starbucks all located inside a separate dome with a club-like atmosphere with current dance hits. In a separate location, there is also a Makino Seafood and Sushi Buffet restaurant.In case many of you are concerned about my endurance and fatigueness, I was able to walk the entire bright-light outlet mall.
5	Awesome! Awesome! Awesome!!!  Coach, Charlotte Russe, White/Black clothes shop, Aldo, Adidas, Kate Spade, Puma, Banana Republic! We spent a good 5 hours here. And walked out with some amazing deals! I agree with Cynthia A. that they could have better food options.  But we just cabbed it to In n Out on our way back to the strip instead. Will be back, the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Other than walking the strip, hiking Red Rock, or just gambling....this is our preferred 'walk-off-buffet' spot after lunch.  Nothing strenuous, just using foot and eye coordination.  Walking from one outlet store to another, we try to gain some appetite for dinner or late night treat.  They have a nice assortment of outlet stores, from Adidas to Banana Republic to Timberland.  Surroundings are clean and well kept, and parking is plentiful.  If there's one thing to complain about, it would be the food court.  For the size of this outdoor mall, I expected to see a much larger food court and more snack options for people on the go.Nonetheless, I usually feel like a winner here more than any casino I've been to.  Outlet prices + Clearance items = Jackpot
5	This is going to be short and sweet.  Three words: Coach Outlet Store. Fantastic selection of bags at awesome prices.  That, my friend, is what a true outlet store should be.  Oh, and there are some other awesome outlet stores there too: Banana Republic, JCrew, Converse, Burberry, BCBG, and the list goes on and on.  Even if you lost big in Vegas, you can still feel like a winner at Premium Outlets!
4	These are my favorite outlets! I almost always come here for a few hours every time I'm in Vegas. These stores always have good deals, but you might have to spend some time looking for them. A lot of the stuff is marked up a ton, then marked down to make it look like a deal - but there are good deals especially at BCBG, Spyder, and Banana Republic if you look. Make sure you sign up for coupons before going, occasionally they have decent ones:https://www.premiumoutlets.com/vip/index.aspThere are only 2 ways to get here if you don't have a car. By bus or cab. Spend the extra money and take a cab. It will cost about $18 one way with tip from the hotels in the center of the strip, and takes about 10 minutes to get there. If you take the bus you have to take the Deuce on the strip (which takes FOREVER in rush hour), then hop on another bus near the Stratosphere. The way back in the afternoon could easily take 1-2 hours and it would probably be quicker to just walk. The outlets on the strip south of the airport are scary. I've never been to the other outlet mall in the Vegas area, but I think they are 45 minutes away. If you love shopping check this place out!
3	One of the spots I regularly visit every time I go to Vegas. Decent priced, clean and well spaced out. It gets crowded but I've never felt overwhelmed there.
4	Very big outdoor mall! Has good stores like my favourites: j crew, gap, banana republic, etc. there's a store for everyone. There's also le sportsac outlet, which I have never seen elsewhere!
4	The Las Vegas Premium Outlet mall is one of the best outdoor shopping experiences in Vegas.  The mall is located on the way to downtown and the world market center.  This mall offers all the great stores like Coach, Burberry, Tommy Hil, Polo, Ed Hardy, etc.  All outlet stores have fantastic deals year-round and make a great Vegas shopping experience.
5	Okay so it's Monday night 8pm, we should had left from Vegas hours ago and I knew we weren't going to make it to the Coach outlet store in Barstow, luckily my little brother told me about this place, it's much bigger then the Barstow outlet store and double the merchandise. I got my coach fix of two new purses for under $140.00, as always I'm not complaining.
2	I hate to be the party pooper among the sea of raving 4 and 5 star reviews, but I just never am too excited about this particular outlet. I feel the stores don't have much to offer.Even the Polo Ralph Lauren, Lacoste, and Burberry here are whatever for me.A funny memory I have of this outlet was once I was wearing a green Lacoste polo, cream khakis, and matching white Lacoste flat sneakers with green trim and was inside the Lacoste store, just aimlessly browsing with my dad. About 3 people came up to asking about the sale and prices, etc etc because they assumed I was an employee there. HahahaOk and probably the only reason I'd ever come to this outlet is to eat at Makino, the Japanese buffet. The prices are reasonable and the food is GOOD.
4	Great stores, decent prices, horrible parking, and a shitty food selection.I guess you've got an over abundance of food selection everywhere else on the strip, so why bother when it comes to an outlet mall.Don't bother parking outside the parking structure, unless you get there before 10 am.  You're better off tailing someone leaving the mall and taking their spot, just like in college.  They have a last call store for BCBG, so you're looking at better than outlet prices, if you're lucky to find something.  You have to rummage  through the racks like a madwoman, but you might just find a top for $9.  We had to peel my friend from this store, and even then, she didn't spend more than $100.
5	THE best outlet mall in vegas, or maybe even in america?  teehee.  on a regular old day, it's great.  their variety of stores are excellent and there's so many, it takes the whole day to go through ALL of them.  burberry, le sportsac, coach, juicy couture, bebe, french connection, pacsun, ecko, zoo york, quiksilver, bcbg, stuart weitzman, the list goes on and on.  however, if you come here on black friday, prepare yourself for no parking whatsoever and people trampling on you at 4 in the morning.
4	Went to the premium outlet mall today to grab a couple of pair of jeans.  The shopping is similar to the last time I visited this mall.  Sale, Sale, Sale, is the theme and given; it's an outlet mall.  I love the store selection at this mall.  When you can visit brands like Cut & Sew, Ferragamo, Guess, Polo, etc and save money you can count me in.The mall is heavily saturated with tourists from the strip.  Most locals would probably vote that as a big negative along with the lack of food and restaurants available.  Also, don't even consider getting a coffee at starbucks; the location is always slammed.The new parking garage is also a plus even with the congestion at times.  Overall, the shopping mall is great when you have time to walk around  and your looking for different selections than Town Square and the Outlet mall offer.
4	I was very ecstatic when I arrived at the prem outlets! I did a little research prior to see what shops they had.. TONS AND TONS of shops... I actually didn't get to go all the way around because I had plans to attend to.. but I did find a lot of good stuff and great deals. The coach outlet always does me right.. they always give away coupons to lure people to buy stuff and it works! Me and my aunt purchased over $350 worth of stuff and got 30% off each item. In the end we got 3 things for only $200. Amazing. The True Religion outlet is AWESOME! $99.99 for Trues are a steal.. they also have some more intricate designs for $120. The Ed Hardy store is OK.. nothing really to rave about. The Juicy outlet was pretty great, they had an additional 20% off but I didn't find anything of my liking. Overall I'll definitely come back the next time I'm in Vegas.
2	This place isn't much better than the Las Vegas Outlet Center, but an easier-to-navigate layout, an open-air environment and a few other factors work in its favor slightly. Like the LVOC, this place is pretty much entirely clothing stores, so don't bother coming here if you're looking to shop for anything else. It's a pretty normal selection, and if you go in enough stores you are bound to find some good deals on clothes and the like. The food court selection is pretty normal, with some of it being portioned off and indoors. A nice idea that helps you get out of the heat, I must admit. Makino also has a location here. Like the LVOC, this place is more crowded than it needs to be due to massive tourist numbers, so if you come during peak hours, expect to be fighting through some serious crowds. Once again, this place is for clothing shoppers only, and even then, don't go out of your way to get to this place.
3	There's a Dairy Queen!  Now that's premium! However, most of the stores are NOT premium.  There's Spyder and Ellie Tahari, but when is the Gap considered a premium store??  And Coach had the lousiest selection I've ever seen.  I got a great suit at Tahari, so it was worth the $20+ roundtrip cab ride from the strip (the Circus Circus end).  But I dont think I'll be going back.
4	This review is more for the food court than the stores. First a brief review of the stores mainly they have a great selection of stores Nike, Adidas, Oakley, Guess, D&G and many more expect at least more than a couple of hours to go through the whole thing keep in mind this is all outdoors so dress accordingly especially during the summertime. Now on to the food court well not much of a selection you have Japanese and Chinese, Subway and Italian I actually had pizza for lunch it was ok good enough for my taste buds i also got to sample the teri chicken from the Japanese place and orange chicken from the Chinese place both were good but they could have better food.
5	This place was amazing...Not for what it looks like, but for what you can find. I made a last minute decision to go and I'm so glad I did! A must-stop for every gay man visiting Vegas. D&G, Diesel, French Connection, Calvin Klein, Energie, Ted Baker... Are you serious? I can't believe I almost missed this place. Definitely worth the $20 cab fare from the strip. I just got my entire summer wardrobe and probably saved $1,000.00 off the full prices. Most of the stores I went to had deals going on offering 20-50% off of everything inside (with a few exclusions like formal wear). There's good stuff too...you just have to have the patience to sort through all the ugly stuff and XXL crap.
5	I love shopping! This outlet mall has a ton of awesome stores! I got a couple of really cheap items! They have a Juicy Couture outlet there, and I got some stud earrings for $20! Which is cheaper than paying $50 for a pair of earrings! Me and my friend spent an entire day walking around looking at all the amazing stores! I am totally coming back here! The good thing about these outlets, is that sometimes they will have sales, which makes their already discounted price even cheaper!
4	As far as outlet malls go, this is by far the best one within 100 miles! Before they opened up LV Premium Outlets in Downtown, I used to travel all the way to Primm for any outlet shopping. Now, I just have to hop on the I-15 going the other direction and boom! I am there!Another great things about LVPO is their variety of high end stores. Personally this means more to the girlfriend then it does to me. However, a happy girlfriend = happy me.
4	I heart this place! They have awesome stores. There's a Coach, Michael Cors, Fossil, Lacoste, PacSun etc. I've bought all kinds of goodies here: purses, watches, clothes, shoes :). The outlet is so large that it's hard to really to see all the stores unless you spend hours there. No worries thoughif you don't have the time to see everything because I've been able to in and out of this place in less than an hour and still manage to come out with a bunch of good stuff :). The key is to look at the store directory and find your store of choice :).Oh on a side note: be careful with your belongings. There was a story of how a famous Asian actress' rental car got broken into at the parking lot here and all the stuff her and her family bought were stolen.
4	It was a lovely day of shopping at the las vegas outlet mall. by the time me and my friend were finished shopping we visited the bathrooms next to the info center, they were awfully hot with AC at all and therefore where also smelling very badly. I strongly suggest for people to wait to go to the bathroom until they get to a different location. Hopefully whoever is responsible will fix that because it absolutely ruins a nice day of shopping!
4	Las Vegas Premium Outlets...you are so awesome. You are my favorite place to stop at when I'm at Vegas. I could spend hours just going around the different stores and browsing all the cool deals. There's just something for everyone here. It always seems to be crowded but yet there is room for everyone. We've never had a problem finding parking and we always are able to find the stores we want to go without too much hassle. It seems almost every store has cool deals. There are definitely good discounts compared to going to a mall. The discounts even sometimes get another percent off due to coupons the different places give away when you first enter. Oh and the great deals are not just in the big stores. There are also excellent deals to be found in the those boutique carts on the outside. I found some great crystal bracelets for a really good price in one of those carts! The only thing is it can be hard to browse to shop at those carts when you're under the hot sun, burning Vegas weather. Nonetheless there are deals to be found everywhere! I could go on and on about how awesome this place is and about all the cool stores but I'll let my detailed store reviews do the talking :). I'll end this review with the following: Las Vegas Premium Outlets. Truly AWESOME place!
4	Outlets located within 5mi. from the strip where you can buy at moderate prices, I shopped at the nike, kenneth cole, baby gap, stores could of shopped more but it was just too hot, its an open outlet mall.
2	There seems to be a good variety of stores here.. but all the stores are on the smaller side and the items they have are not cute. What's the point of paying 70% off retail when the clothes are unwearable?Pros: - Williams-Sonoma outlet- If you decide to drag your bf/husband/fiance shopping, he can go gamble next door while you spend his money.. well, attempt to spend his money.
5	So.. I go to Vegas to eat, watch shows, and SHOP! This is the best outlet shopping center that I've been to! There are a lot of high end/designer stores with reasonable prices.If you go during the summer, I would highly recommend going early in the morning. The mist can only go so far. Parking is not a problem. If you are stranded, you can easily take a taxi.
3	Had a good time there. Had lots of my favorite stores but too much and too hot to do in one day.  Enjoy and take the Vegas Strip bus to get a tour of the city and save some money getting there.
4	The Premium Outlets is a stellar place to grab some amazing deals. A pair of True Religion jeans for $169, reduced from $290. Thirty percent off Coach bags.There's a wide variety of shops, so don't you worry! For the more hip youngsters, check out Lids, Journeys, VANS, and PacSun. The oldies can easily find themselves malingering in stores like J. Crew, Banana Republic, and GAP. Feeling ravenous after all the walking? Head straight towards the Food Court.Some cons -1) In summertime, the scalding weather will exhaust you fast (all the walking is done outdoors). The mists don't help. At all.2) It's frequently crowded. A test of your patience.But besides that, a superb place for shoppers.
4	So your at the Wynn and your on a heater.  The table eventually cools down and you walk away nicely colored chips in your hand.  It's only natural to walk over to the shoppes and see if you can treat yourself to something nice.  There is the problem my friends, you can treat yourself to something (singular) nice.  So I got into the car and drove down to the Outlets off of Charleston and noticed that I didn't have to think about only being able to buy one thing anymore. This place was pretty sweet.  There were some stores (Banana) that had jaw dropping deals, and others (Hugo) that just made you scratch your head.  There were quite a bit of high end stores and, if you can stand the heat, definitely worth the visit.  If you're wondering....Yes, I did leave with some items (plural).
2	It seems like at some point the idea behind outlet shopping has changed.  It used to be a way that manufacturers could sell direct to the public stuff that retailers didn't want (slightly damaged, out of date seasons) at cheap cheap prices.It seems lately like it's simply a place where these manufacturers can cut out the retailer's margins and sell direct to the public.  The prices really aren't weren't that good on my last visit (is it just me that noticed this?).  Maybe it was just because we were shopping the weekend after 4th of July weekend, but I found it was hard to find anything beyond 10 to 20% off in most stores.We went to the non-outlet fashion show mall (ON THE STRIP) and were able to find many of the same products we were looking for for cheaper. If you take away the cheap prices then I'm just walking around in 110+ degree weather, and if that's the case i would prefer to be browsing around in a nice comfy air conditioned mall :).Helpful tip: If you're looking at getting to the mall from the strip for cheap, take the ACE bus.  It doesn't stop at every single hotel like the deuce and is way cheaper than taking a taxi.
5	This outdoor mall, just off the 15 and 95 freeways (Spaghetti Bowl) is our favorite place to shop, in Las Vegas. We've come so often that some sales people here know us, at several stores. We do some of our Christmas shopping here. There are so many places to shop- Coach, Dooney & Bourke, LeSportSac, Harry & David, Adidas, Quiksilver, Banana Republic, Gap, Oakley, Clark's, Ann Taylor, and Disney, just to name a few. This is a way better center than the Las Vegas Outlet Center (formerly Belz). (Tip: Additional 10% discount to AAA members at Banana Republic & The Gap when you show your card at checkout. Senior Discount on Tuesdays- 10% off. If you join the website, you will receive insider sales & additional coupons.) So many options, so many ways to save money, such a great place to go shopping! Pretty much something for everyone. Ok, sometimes we just like to walk around and window shop- so we don't always buy something- just wanted to clarify. Definitely, good people watching. The Welcome Center offers discount booklets for free to AAA members; just show your card with your ID. This is where Gift Cards are purchased (center wide). The Food Court is ok. A plus- outdoor seating that is semi-covered. Many snacking options like Starbucks, Auntie Anne's Pretzels, and Godiva. Vending machines in the beginning and near Adidas. Makino's is not as good here, compared to the Decatur/Flamingo location. Five bathroom options throughout the center. Security presence seems to be more visible; maybe because there are a lot of tourists here. There are two parking lots here but seems to get crowded the worst around the Holidays, so get there really early (or you could be waiting in line to park for almost an hour- yeah that really happened to us, last year). Midnight Madness, a Thanksgiving tradition, seems to be a big hit with shoppers and retailers alike. (Note: Ultra Diamonds seems to have slightly different hours than the rest of the mall.) Yes, might not be so sun-safe during Summer months especially July & August- at least the misters are on! Either avoid it during peak UVA/UVB hours or wear lots of sunblock and a hat. If you are prone to overheating, avoid it in the summer time. Needs a recycling station for out of town shoppers who like to toss their shoeboxes into the already overstuffed trash cans. I've heard that stores refuse to keep the shoeboxes. Donate your shoes to Timberland and get 10% off your purchase. Donate your shoes to Nike- which is recycled into material for children's parks.
4	One of the best shopping malls in las vegas, besides various gift shops at hotels on the strip. they have almost every name brand except AF :( but if you're gonna shop in vegas come here. the food court is huge and theres outdoor seating but if you're a big spender try the palazzo.
4	A very nice shopping experience except for it being outside.. I'm not use to the Vegas heat yet so that was the only downfall. But they do have trees throughout the center that include misters. I always made sure to walk through these! The selection of stores were great such as PUMA, BURBERRY, ALDO, COACH, LeSportSac, and others... There is something to satisfy everyone (except for the little kids, no toy stores, possibly a good thing for parents!). You can definitely get a great deal here... Prepare to spend at least 2 hours here!
4	one of the nicest outlets in Las Vegas.  pretty good deals, except it was 110 degrees outside.  some of those mister don't even reach you, then again I'm only 5'2 1/4, yes i had to factor that in lol.  i went to leather store, my leather jacket was originally $150, i got it for $42, what a deal!!  expect to wait in line for some Starbucks approx 30-45mins, bummer.  o yea, so i lost my shoes in the whole room transfer deal, so i bought a pair of converse for $20, it made my day!! :)   definitely check out this place if you don't mind walking in the sun LOL.
4	Forget about the high end stores along the Strip.  When I want to shop in Vegas, I head to the Las Vegas Premium Outlets.  They have a great mix of stores that usually have pretty good deals going, including the biggest Coach factory store that I've seen.  They also have a huge food court area, which is nice.Only complaint I have is that it can get really hot during the summer and it sucks walking store to store when it is over 100 degrees outside!  Maybe that's their ploy to get to stay inside the stores longer to escape the heat, lol.
5	Outlet malls are one of my favorite things in the world. Before I elaborate, I have a caveat. I actually dislike the crowds, food courts, unnecessary discount stores (charlotte ruse, rue 21...these stores are already cheap in regular malls and there is absolutely no reason they should have an outlet store) and the general reminder of the materialism/hedonism in society. Other than the above, outlet malls are one of my favorite things in the world. Not only do they provide many reasonable purchase options, they are also an amazing workout tool. Walking around multiple times in the outlet mall perusing selections (esp in the sauna like heat in Vegas) will guarantee a loss of at least a pound. The Las Vegas Premium Outlets are just a class above the rest. The area is neat and well organized. There is plenty of parking (note to locals: avoid holidays and weekends as it gets crazy there) and the most important thing of all: the stores that are featured in this mall are out of this world. I personally love the Kate Spade, Michael Kors, Banana Republic, JCrew, Ralph Lauren, L'Ocittane, Gap, Calvin Klein and Company Outlet (makeup) stores. I cannot tell you the number of deals I have scored here. I am currently using a Kate Spade beautiful canvas beg with brown piping for my laptop that has a red and gold polka dotted inner lining...CUTE! And guess what...all this fanciness for under 50 bucks. My entire cardigan collection has been procured from JCrew (the Jackie O collection) and it was at a very attractive price of $19.50 each. There are so many things in my closet and home that I thank this outlet mall for. The LV Premium Outlets have also never disappointed any family/friend that has come into town to visit. My New York living yuppie girlfriends swear by the Theory outlet store here and my mom and aunts have spent hours in the Coach store. Even my dad (who buys like one thing every 5 years) did some damage at the Dockers store. If you are spending any time in Vegas, be sure to spend an afternoon at this mall. It's a great way to spend an afternoon walking around, having fun and procuring some cute items at great deals! You will be very very happy you did.
4	It's hard to swallow walking around in heat or generous gusts of wind which seems to happen on the few times I come here. I am the dope that rarely has found the crazy deals that people are talking about, but the brands and general discounts are decent enough to take a gander every now and then. I'm not into the usual top brands like Coach,Ed Hardy and Juicy that people seem to flock here for but some of the more less monogrammed stores are also represented so there is stuff for me. It's alright of a place, I don't go too often, but I suppose I'm a fan specially since it saved my butt on a gift for my mom....you can never go wrong with BCBG on that lady.
4	iv'e been comming here for a long time it's always fun the things i don't like  is that you can't get a haircut and there is no book stores  but i always get good deals on clothes.
5	In regards to outlet malls, this is one of the best I've been to especially after adding the high(er) end section (burberry, black and white, marciano, marc jacobs etc). Its clean, has parking garages, outside misters (not sure of the cool down especially when its 110). The prices are comparable if not more than sales prices at the regular stores. You can occasionally find good sales or buys but they generally have a good selection you can choose from. I loved this place better than the one in Ontario which claims to be the biggest but definitely not the best.
4	This is the best outlet mall in Vegas. Similar to the Cabazon outlets in CA.
4	Has all the good expensive stores! Burbury, Kate Spade, Coach... as well as Banana, Bebe, Disney and Fossil.  Nice wide variety.  Nice outdoor mall to walk around.  When it's crazy hot they have some misters that help and a starbucks to  quench your thirst.  One of my favorite Vegas outlet malls.
3	It's a nice time... during nice weather.  it's outside so it's not comfy in the summer.  I don't always come out of this place with awesome finds.  It's just like any typical outlet... but with more of a mall look.you'll find A LOT of shops to browse through.coach, pacific sunwear, zumies, charlotte russe, nike... sunglass hut.there are also restaurants here..  [i've never been]don't come often cause it's a drive, but when i do end up here it's usually with family in the summer, and the good thing about that is the misters.
4	These outlets are awesome. I'm not into shopping: I like going into a store having an idea of what I want and buying something if it meets that idea. These stores let me do that. There is always at least one thing I want to buy every time I go to the outlets. Last year's Labor Day was crazy; I found great deals on Calvin Klein casual button ups and Rusty and Quicksilver shorts.The selection of stores is great, from Oliver Peoples to Nike, Polo, Kenneth Cole, Zumiez, Adidas, American Apparel, Quicksilver, Volcom, etc.Most of the time I find parking in the outside lot; only once did I have to rely on the structure, and did not have trouble finding a spot.
4	It was our last day in Vegas and we had been talking about going to the outlets. This is an outdoor mall and I was here in August, so you could imagine how hot it was! Parking looked crazy because we did come on a Sunday, thank goodness our friend dropped us off. There were so many stores, we didn't even get to walk around the entire place because we were on a two hour time limit, due to our flight. I didn't buy anything for myself, but I saw a bunch of things that I could buy the BF so I just shopped for him. =) Though I didn't have enough time to explore the entire place, I enjoyed walking around and shopping for the boyfriend. Maybe next time I'll be in a mood to shop for myself.
4	BECAUSE, I used to work in this crazy outlet, I am writing a review. Let me just say, the Las Vegas Premium Outlets center is by far, the best one I've been to as far as actual "shoppability". Unlike The Las Vegas Outlet Center on LV Blvd. that has outdated and generic stores in its directory. I used to live in Hawaii for a few years, so, the fact that this shopping center is an "outdoor" shopping center, it adds to my overall satisfaction with this place. My favorite stops here are:Gap, Banana Republic, French Connection, Puma, Levis and American Apparel!A few mentionables: Nike, Kenneth Cole, Robert Wayne, Quiksilver, Volcom, Pac Sun, White House | Black Market, Lacoste, Calvin Klein,  Armani Exchange, Charlotte Russe, and some others that have slipped my mind at this moment.I worked at one of the women's retail shops here for a 1.5 years and have to say that I've met some awesome out-of-towners! But, I do have a few complaints in the time I was working there:1) NO BURGER JOINT in the food court.! Out of all the things to eat, sometimes I just wanted a simple burger... -sigh-2) HORRIBLE time finding parking even with TWO multi-level parking garages/lack of employee parking only spots.3) The "local" shop-lifters/less-than-friendly patrons.Besides that, I've been to this shopping center 2 times for the "Black Friday" Sales, and have never walked out with a thing, but still was satisfied with my window-shopping. On most other random shopping days, I walk out of the center with at least 3 tops! score..Definitely would recommend going on a weekday, early! When the shopping center is about to open to avoid the crowded walking spaces, and parking garage hell-hole.
4	I work here. I shop here. I DO NOT waste my money on this food court. It's the absolute worst. Everyone that works at the food places here always seem to be in a horrible mood... You'll always be able to find good sales here.
4	Cool outdoor mall...had just about everything, great sales too.major props for the AC food court, although it didn't feel cool while in there, but I knew it was much cooler inside compared to how hot it was outside.
4	This is the better outlet mall in Vegas as far as I can remember. It's an outdoors shopping mall with a multilevel parking garage. Last time I went to the one at the other end of the strip I was really unimpressed and haven't returned since, so it's been a few years. While it IS ridiculously hot out during a majority of the year, there are small cooling stations scattered about. All of the bathrooms and stores are well air conditioned and there are vendors or machines dispensing drinks at frequent intervals. Still, I'd come around sunset due to personal preference as I'm a nocturnal lass and dislike excessive sun. No, I don't sparkle. ;} I find this a fun place to come and window shop or people watch. It's also good exercise, doing laps around the large rectangle trying to find any cool stores I may have passed by first time around. There are a lot of fashionable foreign people, most likely drawn by the Armani Exchange and likewise stores dotted throughout. There are stores suited to a wide variety of budgets if you're willing to look around. Even the American Apparel store had some decent prices on things when I ambled through!While I didn't eat in the food court this time, I remember it being uncomfortably hot and the food unpleasant. There's a sushi restaurant and a Starbucks, plus multiple vendors, so it shouldn't be too hard to find quasi-appetizing edibles. But really, who goes to the mall to eat? It's all about the shopping!
4	I like this outlet mall, let me say this. BUT, its even harder to find a parking space here than it is @ the Outlet mall center on LV Blvd.  This store does have way more stores. However, the stores here are much smaller. The reason this place gets an extra star is b/c I dont rememeber getting hassled by the kiosk people. Another reason is b/c I have never been able to go here w/out buying something. There's so much to choose from. My fav stores:Levi's- love their T-shirts and cute dresses, believe it or not.Coach - self explanitory but again the girls here are so push - you dont need to tell me how much I save and how much it will cost for every single thing I pick up in the store to admire. This makes me not want to buy anything at all. The cosmetics co. -one of my favorites. why pay full price @ the mall? you can get lancome here super cheap. I once bought a 1 oz bottle of magnifique for $14.00!  and 8 juicy tube lip glosses for $14.00 and a full size one for $10. liquid lancome make up $20. its so cheap.Ecko-my bf likes itCalvin Kleinkenneth coleNine WestSketchers-love the bootsRalpH laurenSunglasses HutI do have to say - eat before you come b/c its a nightmare in the foodcourt. Often no place to sit. The chinese food place we chose to eat at once was horrible. OMG. I had to throw it all away. I ate maybe 2 bites. One to discover its horror, the 2nd to confirm its sheer nastiness. Like eating a block of lard. The nxt time we went we waited to head over to Fitzgerald for dinner for $6 - ayce pasta and soup and salad bar. Take that Sweet Tomatoes!
4	This is a must for the shopaholics that visit Las Vegas! This set of outlets boasts stores for every budget. I appreciate the range of brands carried by this place. You can find deals from your favorite mall stops to rare high-end outlet versions of brands like Juicy Couture or Stewart Weitzman. My favorite place to shop here is the French Connection store.Don't get your hopes up too soon though, some of the stores don't offer discounted prices. Which makes me wonder why they are even at the outlet. But thankfully, these stores are rare. One other negative: parking can be a real chore.Another tip: Holiday weekends boast really awesome sales (I mustered enough courage to brave the midnight madness sale on black friday), but be aware that you will need a lot of time and patience to deal with the large traffic of tourists and locals alike.I wish you happy shopping!
3	This place is about an average size outlet.  Probably the best prices around in the area.The security guards zip through everyone on their segways which is probably a bit dangerous.  Maybe they thought they were cool to be able to use one or something, but they should slow down.It was pretty busy with a lot of travelers too.
4	Located in Downtown Las Vegas, this is one of my favorite shopping places in Vegas, here's why:PROS- Great selection of stores.  Dolce & Gabana, Banana Republic, Vitamin World, Nike, Adidas, Coach, Armani Exchange, Michael Kors, 2b Bebe.....there's something for the entire family.- Decent food options.  Besides the food court, there's an AYCE Sushi joint, Makino's, that the family loves.- Outdoor shopping.  I prefer outdoor shopping to indoor shopping.  Can't tell you why, but I do.- Parking.  You'll see this in the CONS too.....the PRO is that there are a ton of spots between two large parking garages & a surface lot.- It's  not as crazy busy as the Outlet Mall on the Strip, but most of the stores are the same and there are more premium brands here.CONS- Parking.  I think Parking sucks here....the parking garage has tight spaces and the flow of traffic in the garage is always slow.I visit this mall at least once a month on average.  During the Christmas Season, at least once or twice a week....I enjoy window shopping here.Here's a tip.....go to the mall office and ask them if they have any discounts or coupons.  More often than not, they will have 10% or 20% Off coupons that are good at most stores.....they usually distribute these to tour groups, but if you ask, they'll give it to you.Will I return?  Hell yeah!
5	Before you blow all your money away in vegas.Go Shopping! they have all the brands and lots and lots of specialty stores. It is a great way to spend the afternoon in vegas. its clean, safe, free parking, if its hot they have some unique outdoor seating with fans place on top w water misting.dont blow all your money away in the casinos. come shop here b4!
4	This was a great excursion from the madness of the Strip. Take the fast, clean, cheap gold-line buses from the Strip to get there. Get some sightseeing from the expansive bus windows done on the way killing two birds with one stone! I managed to find several great steals here and I found the prices comparable to our premium outlets back home so yayy for no Vegas premiums. They have many of the outlet mall staples including Coach, Kenneth Cole, Diesel, Burberry, Dooney & Burke, Guess, etc. Pretty extensive food court and the mall is setup out-side with plenty of little rest areas throughout. The only caveat is that there was few stores here that we didn't have at our Premium Outlets at home in DC so if you have one near you or you're time pressed you can skip it!
5	It was a cold and stormy night. No, seriously, it was! On Sunday, the last day of our Vegas trip, the thunderstorm happened and it happened while I was at the outlets. So many wonderful options at this location! Bought stuff at the Disney Store, BR, and White House | Black Market. If it wasn't for the downpour, I would've shopped more. They have a great selection of retailers...even one that carries the out of stock items from Disneyland itself! (I can vouch for it since I've seen those merchandise items before on a monthly basis at Disneyland.)
3	For shoppers this is a great place to go.  They have shops that most outlets don't have.  They have a black and white market that my was really want to go to.
5	i love the outlets. It has more shopping selections i love.
1	There is absolutely nothing special about the Las Vegas Premium outlets...and I say that because we have the exact same set-up here in Houston!!! The shops are the same, the layout is the same, and there is the same sense of boredom that comes across me everytime I walk through an outlet.I have never found anything at an outlet that blows me away in terms of price...especially since there are so many great sales everywhere now!!!
4	Let's see.....Coach....Dolce & Gabana....Kenneth Cole....True Religion...Armani....Dooney & Burke....Donna Karen......Nike.....Burberry...Guess...Nautica....Ralph Polo Lauren.....Movado......i think you get my point. Enough said really just get here if you got some real cash to spend and you won't be disappointed. Eat, Drink...and Be Merry my Friends!!!!!
4	Great location with a great selection of stores: there is something for everyone here. I am alway happy to see a Coach outlet and this location has one. The food selection is nice also honestly you could spent at least 6 to 8 hours here easy; but do your self a favor an are in the spot that is directly behind the shops otherwise you are left to lug are all your treasure back to the parking structures located on both ends of the Outlet.
5	I am a frequent Las Vegas visitor and shopper and I never go without stopping at these outlets.First of all, they have a wide selection of stores...a little bit of everything for everyone...but they do have the usual favorite designer stores. My best advice to get the best deals is to go on holidays and weekends. Yes its busy but they have way better deals. If you go during the week, there are usually no special deals and it's not worth going there. The whole point of outlets is to get good deals. I usually stop here during Black Friday. Warning to all those that go this year...its freaking cold, parking is horrible, and there are LOTS of people. Despite this, I enjoy going every year because I get awesome deals. Some of the stores even form lines, like Coach, they only let a certain amount of people in at a time, so a huge line forms outside. This is common on black friday. So if you don't like the madness and the cold, stay out of here! we don't need grumpy people shopping around because you will need a lot of patience for shopping on this day.Otherwise, one of my favorite outlets to shop at!
4	Weather is nice for outdoor shopping, a nice leisurely stroll after some sushi, stores like Coach, Burberry, LaSporte, Levi, etc...not really crowded tonight. Most offering some deals. I am not a shopper, but I like seeing what's out there, and who's offering what, I guess you can call me a window shopper for sure, however, I do love a good shoe, and well, I find it hard to find one that fits well, keeps my feet comfy during work, and well that doesn't cost an arm and a leg. So when I am at the outlet mall, (usually when relatives are in town), I like to check the shoes. But, soon, the weather is gonna get colder, the Holidays are coming up fast and black Friday will soon be here. If you can stand the crowds, there is guarantee some great bargains so get out to the outlet mall to take advantage of them.
5	In hopes of finishing up my XMAS shopping... friend and I went here on a weekend (suicidal, yes... desperate... another yes.)I failed miserably on finishing my XMAS list... I ended up buying ALL of my XMAS gifts to myself! - Benetton rocked... got a $125 suit (jacket and pants) - nice!- Columbia (I'm in love with them!) killed me! I got another soft shell jacket as well as a track jacket ... (I'm a jacket whore!) ... I literally had to pull myself out of there before I do any more damage to my wallet!- Adidas - got the clima-something pants for when I need to work out during the winter season plus a beanie... Oh I did get a couple of shirts for the nephew at Gymboree... so I at least got something... besides myself =PAnyway... friendly folks in all the stores... well at least to the stores that I went too...Happy shopping!
4	I am a frequent Las Vegas visitor and this is my favorite outlet mall in Vegas. They have a wide selection of stores, I'd say more than any of the other outlets in Las Vegas. Its a nice outdoor outlet center to walk around. They even have a pretty decent food court. They have a Makino. Some of the highlight stores...Coach, Burberry, Juicy, Theory, Benetton.
5	If You want discounts on stores you've been to in other malls. The premium outlets is your best bet. I come here mostly for Puma jackets, children clothes at the children's place, and savings at charlotte. I'm Not into the outdoor thing and some store are too far from one another.
2	It was overcrowded and it was hard to find the parking garage. I wasn't that impressed with the sales. We went to Sketchers shoes outlet and it was overcrowded and small. People were throwing boxes everywhere and it was felt like I was in a can of tuna, just awful. The employees were rude and had no clue how to assist customers.
4	Like all outets, it'll be a hit or miss. And it seems Vegas gets the best outlets. The only bad thing about his outlet is it's outdoors. Either you'll be sweating under the hot sun or freezing cold in the winter. Loads of tourists here of course.
4	I hate the location.  I hate the parking situation.  And, I hate when they build an outdoor shopping mall in a desert.WIth that being said, it is an incredibly beautiful mall and I never leave without buying something.
2	Every time we go to Vegas we always get excited to come here. Until we get there. There is something about it that makes us always forget get that while they do have factory outlet stores of a lot of cool stores, this place is a dump! The food court alone is enough to make me gag but, with all of the carts in the middle trying to hound you, you have no choice but to quickly turn into a store to get away from them, then while shopping in that store you realized, that everything is 30% off of a 50% markup, and then they slap the word "outlet" and then stand back and collect money. I realized this trip that everything they have there you can either find online, or at the same price as the regular stores, it's only worth going if there is a store there that you don't have where you live, but then you have to figure out if it's worth the $20 each way cab ride.
3	I am a big fan of outlet malls but this one is not very impressive. Traffic in the parking garage, overcrowded stores, small food court and prices are still relatively high and some store don't even have outlet prices. Still I keep going back there because of lack of alternatives so far.
4	The best time to go there is during the week, on a sunny day, bc parking and cold weather can be difficult in this outdoor mall.  However, they usually have incredible deals on brands and I never left there without a great bargain.
4	This a nice outdoor shopping mall with 130 stores! The only thing I didn't like was shopping in the rain, other than that, this is one of my favorite place in Vegas.
4	One of my favorite Outlets in the USA next to only the Seattle premium outlets. The parking garage is shit show on the weekend so stay away on the weekend! This place is like a United Nations so, great people watching just don't get frustrated if they are in front of you in line.
3	just another outlet
5	Awsome stuff! I always go to this place every year for black friday!
5	Great place for people from Hawaii :) cheap prices everywhere and all of vegas's summer clothes is on clearance and super cheap!! :DWe can summer clothes everyday through out the year :)
4	This is one of two outlet centers I like to shop when visiting LV to catch some great deals. There are 2 parking structures, and the first couple of parking floors are packed. Some advice - park at the top! No one parks up there!!! Yes, it may take a while to get up there due to the slow traffic, but it's well worth the wait.Food court could be better, but I don't generally stay here long enough to eat a meal. I typically shop at:-Burberry-J. Crew-Ken Cole-FCUK-BR-CK-Lancome store
4	This is probably the best outlet mall I have ever been to. Not only does it have great stores, it is also just a nice outdoor mall (far superior to the bland concrete strip malls that are other outlet centers).It can be a challenge to get here, though. I think they deliberately made parking difficult so you have time to truly work up your shopping appetite. Hint: Parking garage B always seems to be less crowded than parking garage A, and don't even bother with trying to valet (the valet has been "full" every time I've been here). If you are visiting Vegas and didn't rent a car, there is a direct bus here from the Strip. There is also a taxi stand for easy return to the Strip when loaded down with shopping bags.It can be helpful to create a plan of attack before arriving. To me at least, this is not a place I like to just wander about and shop. It's always crowded, and for someone like me who is directionally-challenged, I can get lost easily in this shopping maze. Hint: You can go to the website and print off a map.The deals you find here can be spectacular. My two favorite places are Kate Spade and Kenneth Cole. There's nothing quite like the feeling of a 1/2 price leather clutch and 2 for 1 skinny jeans.Hint: If you are 50+, or shopping with someone who is, you get an additional 10% off at select stores on Tuesdays. You can view the list of stores on the website.
5	My favorite mall in Vegas, many upscale brands to choose from.  They even have an Ed Hardy outlet here.  This is an outdoor mall and they are dog friendly, our mastiffs go shopping with us here all the time.  There is plenty of parking unless you go on a holiday and there is even valet parking.  We never stay to eat though, the food in Vegas is TOO good to waste it on fast food.Note, if you are into Architecture behind this mall (east of it) there is a new Geary building, it's really awesome and a must see.
3	For all you bargain hunters out there, I think it would definitely be worth your time to check out this place.  Although it's an open-air mall, there are a lot of name-brand stores, ample parking in 2 garages, and a somewhat decent food court.  This place even has a starbucks!M-U-S-T:1)  For all you fellow Gap and Banana Republic shoppers, dovisit the locations here, there's a bargain waiting to be found!  2)  I thought there were some pretty good deals at Kenneth Cole on shoes and dress shirts.  I also found a winter jacket, but nixed the idea of buying it almost right away, WHEN would I ever use it in this tropical weather we live in.3)  Lastly, if you are in need of sunglasses (which I wasn't but I bought them anyway), stop by the Fossil outlet where the sunglasses are priced at a bargain in all shapes and styles.  Just a small NOTE:  Since this IS the outlet, the sunglasses cases cost extra...just fyi.  C-A-U-T-I-O-N:1)  Be mindful of the force.....of the weather, it IS an open air mall with not much shade if you're caught in a downpour or even a light drizzle.2)  Be mindful of the kiosk vendors selling goods that sounds too good to pass up, merchandise you might not need, or stuff that's sold on infomercials.  They're slightly annoying to say the least.Bottom Line:  A place to consider if on the hunt for a bargain.
3	you might or might not find a good deal and gets really cold out during the winter nights.
3	A pretty good outlet with all the essentials but lacking kitchen essentials.The parking garage here is horrible and getting in and out of it a challenge in itself. It took us 20 minutes just to get out of the parking garage.  It didn't help that we were there during the holidays, but we came out with the good deals.
5	Quite frankly, between Boss, Etro, Ted Baker, and Burberry I'd be flat broke if I lived anywhere near here.  The ability to get there on comfortable and clean busses....enough said.
5	Loved this place. When I went there it was on average about 109. Really hot, but it was the best time ever. Great stores and friendly service. I really enjoyed going here and I can't wait to go again.
4	When I'm in Vegas I always make sure to hit at many out of the outlets as I can. I'm a bargain shopper and even if you are in the same store as one of the other outlets the selection can be drastically different. This outlet has a great selection of store. Nike is a must and we made countless jokes about the Ed Hardy outlet. Assholes can shop at a discount now. Since it's Vegas and it's hot in the summer and cold in the winter be aware that this is an outdoor outlet so plan for the weather and FYI beware of the stench of sewage, ass and hot garbage that can linger around the food court.
4	This was my first time at the premium outlets in Las Vegas. We came here for some after Christmas shopping and the stores did not disappoint. Plus the sales tax is cheaper than California, so that helps too, haha.My favorite store has to be the Columbia outlet. Jackets galore for women. I don't think I saw any jackets more than $90 in that entire store, including their snowboarding jackets. Plus if you sign up for their email list you get 10% off your entire purchase.It is a spacious outdoor mall, so in the winter it is cold.
4	I'm not a big shopper, but whenever I'm in Las Vegas with friend looking to shop I come here.Parking can be quite a hassle on the weekends so listen to some good music and be patient.There are plenty of stores from Reebok to Coach for all types of shoppers, even a Ed Hardy store...
4	One thing I've recently noticed is how polarizing the local malls are.Meadows: Reasonably priced and accessible, but rather average and is slowly but surely losing the allure it once had.Boulevard: Good selection in the stores that are available, but it seems like every other time I visit another store has closed or is going out of business and it has pretty much COMPLETELY lost it's allure.Fashion Show: Great, diverse range of stores, but uppity and filled with too. many. TOURISTS.Forum Shops: Accessible for a mall of it's kind, but gimmicky.Grand Canal Shoppes/Palazzo: Very nice, but overtly-gimmicky and borderline inaccessible. Miracle Mile: Has a sense of fun to it, but trying too hard to be edgy.Crystals: Looks pretty, but is mostly filled with a bunch of stuff we've already seen before. Outlet Center: Great deals, but kind of stale, if that makes sense.Galleria: Seems appealing, but way too far from me to begin with so why bother?The Premium Outlets is pretty much the only local mall which has no serious drawback to speak of in my opinion. True, it's outdoor, which will be a bitch in the summer months but it's a price I'm more than willing to pay. It's essentially a combination of all the pros of each of the malls I've already listed with none of the cons that make me groan in the back of my mind as I walk through the halls of each one.Protip: The deals are very good, but remember to be careful. Pay very close attention as some of the stores are either priced exactly the same (or in some cases, actually charge MORE) because they believe that since it's an outlet mall it MUST be discounted, right? And it works, judging from the patrons I've seen in the stores who are guilty of this and seem to be completely blind to the fact that they're not getting a very good deal at all. The mall itself is a very interesting environment. It really reminds me of San Diego. The layout IS confusing but there are several courts, each of which with a large anchor outlet store and a marker of some sort, keep that in mind and you'll get the hang of it.
3	I love the atmosphere here and the shops are fun to go into but I don't think you're getting a good deal here as opposed to shopping in the regular store.  First of all a lot of the items that are here are in the stores for the same price (but on sale in the regular priced store), the downside to buying here at the outlet is that the items seem to be worn a lot more and show wear signs from the heavy traffic here.  I almost bought a Michael Kors bag at the Kors Outlet but found it for sale at the Michael Kors boutique for $10 less.  Outlet store higher than the regular boutique?  It shouldn't be!  I bought a pair of True Religion jeans here that were priced a little lower than it was shown in the boutique and online, about a $15 savings.. nothing to write home about; and considering when I saw the other colors that were available in the same style that I got a deal on I was bummed that I bought here and got the "second best" for a $15 savings.I also went into the Lacoste shop and alhtough the prices here are lower than the regular Lacoste, some of the clothes seems to fit differently.  I figure they are probably seconds, which is fine, but not for me because I'd rather pay a few bucks more and get a piece that I will look forward to wearing because of the fit and quality.  I always believe you shouldn't settle for second best- life is too short.  I'll return here but I have a skeptic's eye on the merchandise, you'll need to look hard to find something you love for a lower price that you can find at the mall.
4	I went here on a Saturday around 1:00 after some brunch at Baby Cakes Cafe :)Parking is normally an issue, but I lucked out and found a spot quickly. From what I saw, the recommended technique to finding a spot is to drop off the kids and wife and then drive through the parking garage. Outlet malls may have good stores, but they usually stock old items. I didn't find that to be the case here. These outlets were quality stores with quality merchandise and low prices. Now that I am familiar with the layout, I'll come again.
5	Love these outlets, great selection and prices, not the normal last season stuff you find at other outlets. The stores selection is great, lacoste, D&G, Stuart Weisman, at an outlet mall thats awesome. Always end up buying several items from here.
4	This place is HUGE! Apparently, it's one of the largest outdoor mall in the U.S. I've been coming here for many years and everytime I stop in I MUST check out FCUK, but it's closed down! =( So sad. I did go to the FCUK in the Fashion Show Mall, but it's just not the same.  Many top ends store here and a awesome Hookah kiosk which almost suckered me into buying a Hookah.
4	We were in town for the M.A.G.I.C show and we decided to do some shopping during our stay. I must say this mall is pretty big.. I didn't get to visit all the stores I wanted to, I was short on time..but during my visit here I did enjoy some of the stores i did come across. This outlet mall is pretty great, they have Joe's Jeans, Bare Escentuals, Nike Factory, Burberry, Juicy, Volcom, Hurley, just to name a few.. in a couple of stores their selections were nice.. compared to other outlet stores I've seen.. great prices.. it's a nice outdoor mall, its even nicer if you come out on a sunny day..it felt great to just hang around.. I can't wait to go back so I can do more shopping.
3	We went to Las Vegas Premium Outlets to eat at Makino's, and so I'm quite torn on how to review this mall.  I originally wanted to give it a one star because of their unorganized parking.  From when we exited the I-15 Freeway to parking in their garage took a whole thirty-five minutes.  Needless to say, I was not happy to be there.Our trip to this mall was on a Saturday afternoon.  I figured it would just be like taking a trip to Town Square, as easy as eating pie.  But, I was wrong and didn't work out that way.The reason for the three stars is because the stores are good to visit and the employees seem really nice.  Everything is inexpensive and there are always deals going on.  Deals are always good to have especially with me.  :)I will probably have a better time if I went there when it wasn't a weekend.
3	Its like Waikele Outlet for all you local Hawaii people. Except the BEBE there has merchandise on sale for stuff that is regular priced at Ala Moana. + You can smoke hookah while the ladies are shopping. Just find the hookah guy.+ Armani had a $20 sale when we were there in February!
5	LOVE this outlet!! For people who loves to shop and won't mind spending the whole day shopping, this is the place to be! GREAT sales and its so big that I got there noonish and left at closing time!Best part is that they have a pretty good selection of food choice when hunger kicks in after a long day of shopping!
4	Been coming here for a few years now, and I have to say this is by far my favorite outlet center. I do wish that there was more shade since Vegas can get wicked hot in the summer, but overall a fine shopping experience.Food court is a little lacking in variety, but it'll do in a pinch when you've been on a shopping binge for a couple of hours and realize it's well past time for lunch.Addition of parking structures is great. At least your car won't be melting hot when you finish your shopping binge.Mall is pretty large and oddly shaped, so make sure to check one of the posted maps to ensure you haven't missed anything. This is a must-stop for me whenever I'm in Las Vegas.
4	If you love shopping and ur in Vegas, you gotta hit up this outlet mall! It's located not too far away from the strip, and easy to get to via the freeway. It has a lot of pretty good stores, including Burberry, Coach, Guess by Marciano, Juicy Couture, BCBG, kate spade, bebe...just to name a few of my favorites. I wish there was a gucci outlet though...and I must say that the food court / restaurant selection could be better. There's only one real food court and the selection isn't very great at all. But I guess you are here for the shopping and not the food, so it's all right.
4	Love this outlet! We go here everytime we are in town. Always great finds!
3	okay, i hate outlets.Its like a curse. I can never find anything for myself. maybe its because i work in retail and know why outlets exist. but still i'm always down for a good deal. everyone always gets stuff but me. Wah. Crybaby moment of silence.anyways the store selection is actually really good compared to other outlets and the stuff is pretty good. but never finding anytihng for myself is an issue. some of the stores the prices arent even outlet prices. they're regular retail prices. so dont be fooled!
5	this place makes other outlets look hella WACK... i love love love this mall it has something for everybody....YES EVERYBODY!!!!
3	Last weekend I found myself at this mall and realized that its actually pretty good. I have not been there in a few years and really enjoyed checking out the place.It has some really great stores and spring is the time to walk around and shop here. Soon enough it will be to hot for outdoor malls.They could use some more places to eat. The food court is kinda lame and the sushi place was not open when I was there.They would get more stars if they had more food choices.
3	Its nice to have a place to go with upscale outlet stores.  They have a lot of good stores and it is outdoors which you can love or hate depending on what time of year it is.The CON is coming from the South traffic can get sticky getting up to Charleston and the place is always busy!
4	This place has become part of a Tuesday ritual with my friend. Nothing is better than getting dim sum and walking around the outlets to burn off all the delicious Chinese goodness you consumed. Although I have been unfaithful and visited many other shopping malls on my weekly excursions, this will always hold a special place in my heart. I know it is redundant to repeat how much of a deals hound I am, but who does not love a good sale?Banana Republic always has some great sales going. In February, they had a suit sale. What normally would have been $350, sold for $135. I bought two fitted suits for almost the same price as one. When I need workout close, Adidas is the place to go. Watch out for red ticket items. Every now and then they do specials where they take an extra 50% off of drastically reduced inventory. There are so many stores, that targets a vast range of consumers, you are bound to come out with some amazing finds. Even if you don't, it is good exercise. Just avoid during the summer, the crowds are massive, the heat is killer, and the shear amount of people only makes the Las Vegas sun more unbearable.
1	Didn't live up to the hype.  Sure you have lots of brand name and designer shops here, but the prices weren't  any better than you could find online, or during a standard sale at your favorite store.    Parking was also a nightmare, and the food court was lacking.The visit here was a total waste of time for us.
4	This is a must-stop every time I go to Vegas. It's designer discount heaven. But even outside of that (because a purse discounted to $300 from $900 is still $300), they have normal store outlets that can score you some killer deals. I walk away with at least two bags at every visit. Hit up: J Crew, Banana Republic, Gap, Coach, Kate Spade, Juicy, Levis & Perry Ellis.Pass on: Burberry. While I can appreciate a good deal, you just won't find it there. At least, I haven't!
4	This is one of my Favorite places to shop beside the Mall. 150 designer and name-brand Shop around. But its an out door. The time to shop is Monday - Saturday 10am - 9pm and Sunday 10am - 8pm.Every time my family is from out of town this is where I mainly take them. THE LAS VEGAS PREMIUM OUTLETS.Sometime this outlet has great prices and sometime it dosen't . Just like every Outlets.The store I mainly hit up are: J Crew, 2Bebe, Juicy, Coach (sometime if Hubby lets me. lol), AX Armani Exchange, O.C.C. (thats a make-up store), Nike because my hubby, Guess, Lacoste, Michael Kors, and Marciano. Other than that... There are many other store like Banana Republic, Levis, Perry Ellis (I think that a little over rated store), Gap, Jewerly store, Marc Ecko, Dolce & Gabbana, Dooney & Bourke, Ed Hardy, Elie Tahari, Kenneth Cole, Polo Ralph Lauren, Salvatore Ferragamo, St. John, Theory, Timberland, Tommy Hilfiger and many more. Oh and of crouse there is a food court and for who ever LOVE coffee and need to wake up ... "Starbucks Coffee" YAY!!! LoL
5	When ever I come to Vegas, I always end up coming here. I love the stores they have here and it seems like they keep adding better and better stores. They also have a coupon book for discounts if you have a AAA card. You can pick one up at the information desk and show them your card. If you do not have a card, I think you can purchase one for $5 or $10. My favorite stores are Puma, Armani, Marc Ecko, and Colombia. If you get hungry, they have an excellent sushi buffet there.
4	Las Vegas Premium Outlets, what can I say....this place will always be packed because well Coach, Juicy, Nike and many others all at discounted prices. Of course there will be a lot of people here! This place is not a good place to go when it is super hot, because well its an outside mall! It is a pretty big outlet center, and well there isn't much to say because it is just like a mall but with cheaper stuff of course. They do have a food court here as well, which thank godness is indoors, good selection of food. Their Nike outlet store is pretty big, but nothing like any other nike store you have been into before. Other than that, usually this is a place you have to go to during a Vegas trip, just to check if maybe something you like at the regular store is there, and a lot cheaper!
5	Really great prices and selection! Bought so much stuff for so little! Make sure you don't drive in because the line to the parking lot takes 2+ hours (badly designed parking lot). Also, make sure to go to customer services to get a coupon book for out-of-towners. I got an extra $10 off something that was already cheap! Need to go back with an empty suitcase...
4	This is a great mall when the weather is nice.  Great stores!  Sadly it's all ourside so in the really hot weather it is miserable!
4	I stop to shop here every other time I'm in Las Vegas so I guess a review is long over due.Name brands. Discounted prices. Sizes are usually picked thru. Styles may be a little dated however there are deals to be found if you're lucky. My friend's favorite is the Coach Store. They're usually giving a coupon at the door. Makino's Buffet isn't too bad. Parking can be a pain.
5	nice shops..sexy ladies
5	One of my favorite outlet malls!  I always try to stop here when I'm in town.  There are a lot of great brands that you don't find everywhere -Kate Spade, Stuart Weitzman, Joe's Jeans - as well as the favorites - BCBG, J.Crew, etc.Too bad it's outdoor, but most outlet malls are.  If you're staying on the Strip, cab fare is less than $20, so it may not be worth taking the shuttle if you're going in a group anyway.After shopping, the Makino seafood buffet isn't bad, especially if you're looking to save a few bucks after your shopping spree.  Certainly cheaper than a buffet on the Strip.
5	Great outlet stores! Especially coach, white house-black market, and Disney store.
5	Pretty decent outlets ESP since they added more stores in the last two years. Faves are the juicy store, Cole haan, And Michael kors. The coach store is ALWAYS insanely crowded- I tend to avoid that one. Like any outlet mall, you just have to catch the stores on a good day when not many people have ransacked the merch and they just got in new items.
4	If its winter, bring a coat. If its summer, use flip-flops and tanks. I get lost here, but its a "good" lost ya know?!
4	Certainly worth a visit if you're in town. This outlet houses a lot of designer stores and other favorites. I got here close to opening and it was already crowded. Well laid out mall and if you need to grab some lunch there is a fairly large food court with in and outdoor seating. (One sit down restaurant too). Stores were offering deep discounts the day I went. At the end of your shopping experience it would be surprising if you didn't come home with a few bargains in your bag.
3	Its alright. I prefer the Premium Outlets South because its enclosed. The Food court is better and the stores are geared more for locals and not tourists. Plus I stopped in at Auntie Anne's pretzels with my little one, and the employees were rude. Like they didnt want to deal with the line and the tourists. HELLO You work at the PREMIUM OUTLETS. Tourist Central. QUIT YOUR JOB IF YOU DONT LIKE IT. Yes i was rude to her right back.
4	If you happen to be in Las Vegas and would like to go shopping for some premium items at a bargain, be sure to check out the Las Vegas Premium Outlets near downtown. It is definitely worth your while if you want to get some retail therapy done. It offers a great array of shops in a well laid out manner and rather easy parking options that make it a good spot to shop!The center features a plethora of clothing retailers for men, women, and children. From Banana Republic to PacSun, Ed Hardy to Gap, they have them all. They also feature a good selection of accessories, kitchen, and bag shops. You can certainly pick up some new things for you, some gifts for friends, and the bag to pack all of it in. Note, it is an open-air complex so be prepared on those hot summer days!The parking lot is generally full when I've gone, but if you drive around for a bit, a stall is bound to open up. If not, check out the structure since there seems to be better chances to park there, plus you car will be out of the blazing sun! Be sure to hide your valuables since tourists do frequent this spot and I'd imagine could be an easy target for questionable individuals. Food options are rather limited with the food court fare or Makino Chaya, which actually is pretty decent if you are willing to spring the wallet strings a little. So plan accordingly...For the cheap shopper in all of us, Las Vegas Premium Outlet is certainly a good choice to check out!
4	Super deals any random day.  Seriously too much fun!  We came here before leaving Vegas for the weekend and it was just the perfect send-off.  I couldn't think of a better way to spend my hard earned money.Treasures-galore!
5	LoveLoveLove this place.  I shopped here twice in December and once in April.  I will be back in late July / early August.  My first and second time there, I discovered that my beloved Burberry packable nylon tote was available in the exact color I'd been looking for back home.  At LeSportsac, the only place I trust for quality and durability in terms of makeup bags, I found several of them at ridiculously cheap prices.  At the Disney Store, I picked up a very cute Piglet stuffed animal and decided that waiting in a long line to buy it was worth my time.  At Ecko Unltd, I purchased a comfortable pair of black yoga pants for way less than $20.  At Lacoste, I found a comfortable polo shirt and a large cosmetic tote, the latter of which I ended up using quite often for the remainder of my trip. Weirdly enough, it's easier to remember what stores I shopped at in December 2010 than it is to recall my experience in April.  I think this is largely due to differences in stock (there was more available during the holiday season), the weather (December was cold, but April was super duper uncomfortable h-o-t), my mood (I think I was grouchy / tired on my last visit) and the simple fact that I was here twice in December, compared to only once in April.Nevertheless, I did find quite a few things in April as well.  The most noteworthy purchases are my Ecko Red large women's jacket (hard to find back home) and my Vans all-black sneakers in women's size 5 (almost impossible to find anywhere).  These are items that I consider wardrobe staples, and I found myself using them the same day of purchase.All in all, I highly recommend shopping at LVPON.  There's something for everyone here, no matter your preferences or budget.Oh yeah... and the food / drink selection is adequate with 10 establishments.  WTG with the Starbucks!
5	I buy all my purses here. today I was buying one for a friend. The staff is friendly, despite the craziness of people the place was clean and I walked out with a nice gift for 70 dollars!
4	i came here three times on a six day trip to vegas, nuff said.
4	great place to kill time before heading home. lots of stores with a good selection of styles and sizes. i'm sad french connection shut down but this outlet still has many of my favorites: jcrew, boss, theory, joes, 7, and nike/adidas.i don't recommend parking in the structure . it can get really backed up.
5	Holy crap... stop the presses... I just found out the Disney Store Outlet here gets Disneyland park merchandise and sells it at a fraction of the cost.  I picked up an entire bag of $32 shirts marked down to $4.99 each.  What a find!  Why did I waste my time all of these years going to the AMS-run Disney Outlet in front of the (South) Las Vegas Premium Outlets at the other end of Las Vegas Blvd?Oh, and I love the prices at the Coach store too.  Found a small wallet/ID holder for a gift for only $20. And last time I was here I got a cute LeSportsac bag (before i knew about the Disney Store).
4	Between the North and South Premium Outlets, I preferred this one. The Las Vegas Premium Outlets (north) is a nice shopping place to get great deals. I was here way back when it was during Christmas time and boy...what sale after Christmas. I got a Coach bag here at a really, REALLY good proce. Then off course, I got ton of shirts and a pair of shoes here and plus the coach bag....ALL UNDER $80!!!! What a shopping spree at a bargain price! Overall, I loved coming here and I'll definitely be back to this place when I hit up Vegas again. ;)
4	These are pretty good outlets.  There's a large range of stores for if you want to spend some money to if you WANT TO SPEND SOME MONEY!!!Most of the stores have decent deals and some of the stores have amazing deals.  There's Nike, Adidas for those sporting days.  Diesel, 7 For All Mankind and True Religion for those hanging out days.  Burberry, Dolce and Gabana and Hugo Boss for those nights you want to go out.  Of course there are a lot more stores and more than just clothing stores.There is a hot dog place in here that you should try the pretzel dog.  It's pretty damn delicious!
3	id like more sales on a long weekend. been going here for years it could be better on the deals
4	I'm never satisfied with going to outlets because it's always a miss with me. However, these outlets had very good denim stores like Joe's and 7's which I really liked. They have many different types of washes as well as fits. I added 4 more pants to my wardrobe. Also, while I was in the changing room at the 7's store, an employee knocked to ask if I wanted water...service can't get better than that. Why I didn't give it a 5 is because the parking structure is kind of a mess & those mist fans don't really work.
3	It's an outdoor shopping center and boy, it is not easy to shop here when the temperature is in the 100's!!!  They have misters but it really doesn't help when the sun is blazing and glaring down on you.  They  have a great selection of shops, but I personally have found better deals at the outlets at State Line.  Found amazing deals there on Kate Spade purses.  Oh yeah and the State Line shops are indoor with great air conditioning which is a plus!  :)
4	I can get my shop on here. Really, all my favorite places are here, and they're all cheaper than they are at the mall. Plus it's like 10 minutes away from my parent's house, and there's quick freeway access, so it's easy to get to!I wear a lot of boring clothes for work. That is, a lot of plain button-up shorts and pants and stuff. This place allows me to get all my good business casual work clothes for a deal. They have a J Crew, which is a personal favorite, Nike (sup running shoes!?), Banana Republic, and a Gap. So I pretty much get the whole gamut of needs in one place. I love that I can pop into this place once every few months, and be set for a while. There are cons here, though. Parking is nuts. I hate it. It's probably better to park at the Clark County building across the way than it is to park in their lot. Also, it's an outdoorsy-type place, so shopping here isn't the best when it's 110 out. Also, I can come here and spend more money than I meant to. Thrift fail.I'm gonna keep coming to this place. It's closer than the Belz outlet or the stateline place, though both of those place are ok, too.
3	The only stores I really care about are: Coach, Michael Kors, and Juicy.Occasionally, Banana RepublicBut today... Sooo disappointed... There were no good sales or cute stuff. I usually leave so happy but today... Emptyish. I did buy three shirts from Banana Republic for $16 win!Make sure youre hydrated and have sunblock bc this is all outdoor and its hot and humid during the summer.Not many stores but its good. I gety Michael Kors fix.
4	I'm glad I don't live in LV or I would be in debtttt majorly! I love this outlet.. I live in Washington and we have the same outlet but the prices/products are NOT the same!I came here on the weekday  which thankfully, it wasn't super busy and swarming with people! The coach store is awesome, it's huge and has amazingggg deals! I got a super cute big leather tote for $120 or so... I had to seriously refrain myself from buying too much stuff in this store!7 for all mankind. I probably spent close to a hour in here because their jeans were about $50 each. The shoes were on sale too but unfortunately, they didn't have my size. My bf bought a belt for $13 (originally $109). He seriously had to refrain himself from buying too many jeans! I couldn't believe how good the sale was in this store, as well!I can't truly remember any other stores... Juicy was okay, the store was pretty enormous but the prices weren't that great. Overall, I would recommend this store and I definitely will shop here again if I visit LV.
4	4.5 starsLOTS OF SALES!! I've been here twice in the last two times I've been in Las Vegas! Absolutely love how the tax rate is lower than the one in California. So many stores to go into and it'll probably take a whole day if I didn't restrain myself and reminded myself that I'm not here in Vegas solely to shop! Definitely go early for better things!
4	This is like one of my homes. I go there atleast 3-4 times a week. Not really what you think of for an outlet mall. It's outdoors in the desert. Very hot during the summer, extremely cold during the winter.They always got sales but they aren't cheap enough for an outlet. Fyi, the seasonal/holiday sales of most stores are the same sales they have on regular days as well. So doesn't really matter.They have pretty decent stores that i always go to: Juicy Couture, Lacoste, Kenneth Cole, Steve Madden, Aldo, etc.Parking garage is always full, so make sure to go there earlier of the day! This place is always busy...this place is most visited by tourists than the other outlet (South). Make sure to eat somewhere else before you get there, they sell overpriced food on the food court, which are not good enough to priced that much! Bottled waters cost over $2!
4	If you're going outlet shopping while in Vegas this is the one to go to. Skip the one in the South.  Its not as nice and dint have as many nice brands you're looking for.Yes, its pretty hot here as its an outdoor mall but they have all the misters and fans going which make it a little more bare able.  Parking can be a bit challenging on a busy day but we came on a Thursday and it wasn't too bad.  There's also plenty of your typical mall food stops here for a snack or beverage.
4	Still the better place to shop of you can't get to the local indoor malls otherthan fashion mall. I always find something to buy when I'm here. So many choices you can't help but get at least one thing.
4	I love this place, it has such a better selection than the other Premium Outlets in other cities.  It has better designer stores, woohoo!
1	It took 20 minutes to get to the top of one parking garage so that I could turn around and drive back out.   I never got to set foot in the outlet mall. After 40 minutes of driving in circles without finding parking, I turned around and went back to my hotel.  Obviously they don't feel the need to ensure there's adequate parking...  I don't feel the need to give them my money.I doubt I will ever attempt to shop here again.
3	Hot as hell during the summer.  Who thought of having an outdoor mall by Vegas?  lol.  Oh well, at least there are these water spritzer machines.  Doesnt' really help.  I guess the outdoorness makes people stay inside the shops more.Nothing really special about this outlet tbh.Parking suckssssssssssss!
5	despite the mall being outside, it is amazing...all the stores you like + discounted prices...Nike Store was my favortie
3	I've been to better malls but I enjoy shopping here on occasions. I cant stand going places that are way too packed, so i try to beat the crowd and I always try getting there in the morning around 10am... no traffic, not as many people and not having to deal with people and their "random stop disorder" (if you're going to stop, at least move out of the way people!!!) and after shopping you can go someplace else to eat since the food court is such a rip off.  But while I'm there, I always have to go into the coach store... I love the deals they have there sometimes! I like other stores too, but my main reason for coming here is for coach and oakley :) I kinda wish they had more stores though... I mean, yeah sure they have plenty of stores, but half of those stores don't get my attention.
5	Two words: Coach Outlet.One of the best Coach Outlets, in fact, that I've ever been to.  They always have a crazy selection in clearance & pass out 30% off coupons at the front door.Other outlets/clearance shops include:  Bebe, Burberry, Calvin Klein,  BCBG, Ralph Lauren, Cosmetic Company Store....the list goes on and on.It's an outdoor mall so come prepared for the possible Las Vegas heat.  They do have water mister stations set up everywhere, but not a lot of shade.  The foodcourt has your standard mix of pizza/Subway/chinese/hot sandwiches.  There's also a Godiva shop & a Starbucks next to the court.Elevators in the parking structures are sooooooo slow, but parking is free.  It can be really busy here on the weekends with tourists so try to to hit here on a weekday if you're a local or your vacation allows.
4	Been to a lot of outlet malls and this one is by far the best one in Vegas. The only other outlet that compares in terms of number of quality stores is the Cabazon outlets in SoCal. Enjoy!
5	I love malls, parking here sucks. Tried to get valet but I guess during the summer valet fills up real quick. The summer heat kept me in the stores more and made me walk into stores I wouldn't walk into because I was trying to run from the oven outside. Tons of stores and good prices!
3	We only came here to grab a pair of shades at the Oakley store.  It is basically a million degrees and you run from store to store to get onto the ac.  I feel super bad for the people working the kiosks outside.  HOT!
5	I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE shopping, and this outlet mall has it ALL for me!First of all, I have purchased two deeply discounted, beautiful, buttery leather Coach purses here at two different times, and both times, I received an additional 30% off coupon. These purses are wardrobe staples for me, so I love that I got them as bargains. Like so many others have raved, the Coach Outlet is THE SHIZ.This mall has plenty of other great stores to choose from to include J. Crew, Gap, Brooks Brothers, Oakley, Juicy Couture, Nike, and so much more that it makes my head spin with retail longing.If you're in Vegas and you're really into shopping but you don't have the dough to afford the likes of the Caesar's Palace Forum Shoppes, then you need to stop here. It's an outdoor mall, so bring plenty of water to hydrate with because if you're like me, you'll want to walk the whole mall more than once to make sure you've seen it all.P.S. I live for the Calvin Klein store here.
3	Let me begin by saying that the only two things I care about when I go to Vegas are gambling and eating. Because of this, maybe that's why I didn't really care for shopping, let alone shopping at the Outlets. With that in mind, maybe that's the reason for my A-OK rating.We came on a Friday night. The place was desolate. Which I guess, that's a good thing since there isn't someone else there trying to snatch up that last item both of you were eying.There were plenty of stores: shoes (such as Aldo, Nike, Crocs), clothing (Banana Republic, Columbia), accessories (Burberry, Kate Spade). This place seem to have it all.And if you get hungry or in need of a drink, there is also a food court located in the Outlets. Be sure to bring your AAA card for additional discounts at select stores :)
3	They have some great stores here and I have to say the sales are pretty good too.  The great thing about this place is there is a parking garage so you don't have to park in the vast field of black-top asphalt.  The one thing about this outlet that stands out to me is the misting fans they use to cool people off.  The heat didn't bother me at all and it was 108 degrees and I was actually feeling cool.  The one is Florida doesn't have the misting fans and it could be 90 degrees outside and it could be unbearable!!!  Maybe the difference is in the humidity.The Coach store offers the 30% off coupons at all their outlet locations.  The Vegas and Orlando locations are the biggest I have ever seen.  The selections are great and I love how you got to fight all the Chinese or Korean people buying the purses, so they can take it home to go make knock-offs to sell for just as high of a price.  Honestly, how many men do you see buying 30-40 bags??  I doubt they are cross dressers or they are buying it for their wife or girlfriend.  LOL
4	the best of the vegas outlets IMO. drop off the relatives, go for lunch, gamble a bit and pick em up after 3 hours. DONE!
4	Great shopping close to Main Street and the downtown casinos.  It's also down the road from the Strip and is a great place to while the hours away if you don't gamble. I shop here twice a year with family and friends as it's pretty affordable.  We split up and shop for a couple of hours then meet at Makino's for AYCE Japanese food and sushi buffet and show each other what we found.   This trip my friend found $10 Fossil watches and a $6 long-sleeve t-shirt at The Gap.  I had some luck at the Tumi store this time with 50% off of some of their leather goods and luggage.  I've never had much luck with the clothes and find it hard to find anything decent.  I've also noticed that some of the stores don't really offer much of a discount.  I've had good luck at the Coach and Cole Haan store where they often have 30% off of their sale prices.  The Le Sports Sac store is extremely overpriced and empty.
4	I must say I do enjoy the LV Premium Outlets. Although it is outdoors, I might still find myself heading here in the middle of the summer just based off the fact they have stores I 1. enjoy and 2. actually have decent prices.Parking can be a hassle, but there are two garages, so pick your poison between garages. Be forewarned: it is outdoors, so summer months could have you sweating between stores. A lot of tourists. TONS of tourists. It is not a "local" place by any means.Still, gotta love cheap shopping. The structural layout is actually pretty decent and the signage is helpful. There's an eatery and a Starbucks that is always busy. I think overall this a good premium outlet.
4	My wife enjoys paying a visit to this outlet when we make the family trip to Vegas. I don't mind but my kids would rather be at the pool, I don't blame them. We usually bribe them with some Orange Julius, which can be found at the Food Court.My wife convinces me to come here because the car will be parked in the shade inside the parking structure. Okay, I guess the car won't be hot after some shopping. She also reminds me about Kenneth Cole, Calvin Klein, and The Nike Outlet. Some shopping for myself is also a good selling point.As for my wife will spend her time at Carter's, The Children's Place, Disney Store Outlet, Gap Kids & Baby, Lucky Brand, J. Crew, Coach, Godiva, and the list goes on. I'll be honest, the shopping portion of Vegas is all about her. After all we are on vacation and she needs her own fun ;o)
5	Oh. My. My heart skipped a beat. I LOVE the North Premium Outlets. LOVE them. My first day here... I didn't even make it through all of the stores and I had TONS of bags. The variety of stores is GREAT and the prices are even BETTER!!! The Nike outlet is HUGE!... Steve Madden you have my heart... and of course you do too Ed Hardy and Juicy Couture!... I could go on and on, and well, on. I came back here AGAIN during my trip to finish up some shopping. Just LOVE it here. If we had this back home... gosh that'd be dangerous LOL! A little bit of everything for everyone here. Lots of parking and valet if you can't find a spot. Decent size food court. Drinks are pricey though, beware!
4	I seriously save all my Christmas shopping until I can get to this outlet!  They have great stores and offer awesome discounts!  I love the layout and parking.  I do wish there were better food choices in the food court.  I am not a fan of the random places to eat.  Overall, great place to shop!
3	take out the word "Outlets" and I will 5 star.
3	Visiting here reminded me why after spending high school and some college years working at an outlet center, I don't go to outlet centers. That being said, I do like the set up of this one. Nice looking storefronts and doesn't have a million stores all lined up waiting for your money. The outlet center on the south end of the strip is like a horror house of stores jumping out at you all at once. Great store choices, most very high end. As expected the stores that people can actually AFFORD are mobbed. See: Forever 21. The Coach store is spacious so there's less of chance your eyeballs will be scratched out for coming too close to someone's prized purse find. LESS of a chance. Parking is decent, big garages on both sides of the center. The food court is...a food court. Hope you like ear shattering noise as you eat. Keep in mind if it's 80 degrees in Vegas hoofing around this center will make it feel like 90. And if it's 90? You won't see me here. Know what else you won't see much of? Locals. It is tourist central...I would imagine you could hold some very successful foreign language immersion programs in one of the courtyards. But hey, it's an outlet center, all the negatives I mentioned you knew you were in for!
5	One thing I love about living in Vegas--- outlet malls that are strategically placed in the middle of the hustle and bustle of the city! The Charleston outlet is my favorite Outlet to go to because it is new, really clean, modern, nice outdoor mall and pretty much all the stores I would want and I love their food court too. There's something about this place that everytime I go here it makes me feel like I'm on vacation... which is a good thing of course! If you are visiting and are choosing between going to the South or the North outlet malls, it's a no brainer.. this one would be the winner!
1	I would say that this outlet has a lot of the "premium" brand outlets that most people would be looking for, although I thought this place was total crap.The "common" areas of this mall are all outside, so each business has doors to go in, it's like a giant strip mall. For people not familar with the stores names, you have no idea what's inside. So many of the window displays were hard to see, so we didn't end up going in many stores. This is probably the first "mall" I've went to in my life and not bought a thing. Lots of stuff here you'll find at other malls.
4	Nicer layout than the Outlets on the south side. Tricky parking though.
3	Well.....im really kinda partial of this whole place...the only issue i have is when i think of an outlet mall i think of crazy prices and amazing deals.....LOL.....right well this outlet mall definitely does not match this criteria...and to be honest they match strip prices on some of the good the store sells.....
3	The stores here are pretty high end (Burberry, Marc Jacobs, Juicy Couture etc.) and the deals aren't THAT great, there's only minor discounts from the original price.But it is a pretty big sized mall and there's many stores to pick from.The way the stores are set up is nice and spacious. This is an outdoor mall however so it's pretty chilly at night.
3	In all honesty, I only come here during Black Friday since it's apparently a tradition to come to Vegas during Thanksgiving.The stores here are pretty decent, I'll tell you that.  There's the "high-end" outlets like Burberry, Juicy Couture, Lactose, etc. but when you go in there, you might be a little disappointed.  There would only be a handful of items that are worth it but thing is there's only XXL.  I guess I can make a name brand tent out of it.  Window display is lacking in all stores apparently.  Food court is a joke.  How am I suppose to fuel myself from all this shopping?Restrooms? Where? It's like trying to find a secret room.Parking is pretty good here.  There's more than enough parking but the parking security are major douches.  They were controlling who gets which parking spot when a car pulls out and when they get it wrong they don't care and piss the hell out of you. It's not bad.  Not great either but then again I haven't been to an outlet that I loved before.   Good variety of shops.
4	They have water misting things that spray at you when it is 100 degrees! They also have really, really good deals - I am not one to stand in line for Coach or Juicy, but many people come here for that!  They have an okay food court and a decent buffet (Makino's).  I do enjoy a good Tumi or Cole Haan sale.  I will come out of here with a bag of two, but find STELLAR steals.    I especially love their L'Occitane store.  I would say I find better deals at this tore than the Palm Springs location.Get here early, park in the parking structure and walk across the bridge for some hard-core shopping!
2	Not a fan of this Outlet because there weren't many shops that I was interested in and it was outside obviously because it's an outlet. I wasn't a fan of that because it was cold and I didn't really want to be outside. One thing I like about is though is that they have a food court, and so when my sister ordered these fries with bacon, cheese, and sour cream on top, I got to sit down and eat while my parents went shopping. :) But, overall I'm just not a huge fan of shopping in these areas.
3	This wasn't quit what I had expected. I wouldn't classify it as a Outlet mall, well at least not the kind I'm use to in California. It was a nice outdoor Mall but they sure weren't outlet prices. It's a nice mix of high end (coach, juicy,burberry) and lower end (Rue21,Charlotte Russe)store, but again, I didn't notice any price differences from the regular stores. We went the day after Christmas and even then the deals weren't fantastic. The place was jam packed with people and it was crazy trying to maneuver around the crowds. I also hated being asked about 500 times "where are you from?" from the employees. so irritating!!!
3	Stop at the info booth & check on some theater last minute ticket deals.  Get the map here which will save you time roaming around getting lost looking for the 2 directories they have.  90% of the security guards are working the Parking Structure.  Parking is a nightmare here and the cab lines are long, but you will find some of the car service drivers working the line to take you back you back to the hotel.  DKNY, BCBG,  & Ted Baker are some of my favorites at this mall.  The BCBG carries some of the BCBG Herve Leger dresses and shoes which I have never seen at an Outlet.  I scored some great dresses at the 50% post Holiday sale. Ted Baker with the signature shirts with the cuff links are always a sharp clean style that is great for men and women, if you wear size 0-4, you may find a cute dress here.  I deeply dislike the overly embroidered Ed Hardy scroll over type shirts that scream douche bag or on my way to the Rodeo, so guys don't stop at this store.This is a great place to get a quick outfit if you have flew over Spirit Air and was allowed only the clothes off your back.
4	I recently found my new favorite Ted Baker dress here for an unbeatable price.  I can easily see myself making this a regular stop on my LV trips!  Aside from the parking fiasco (we ended up driving over a curb and parking in some dirt, which apparently is OK!), this place is great  :)Plenty of shops, great deals, nice outdoor feel.  Maybe it's just that folks are nicer in LV than they are in LA, but I was super impressed by how calm and chill the shoppers are here -- It was the day after Christmas and nobody was yelling or pushing or being a general nuisance!  Way to go, civilized peeps!
4	This place has easily become one of the go-to malls in Vegas for locals and visitors alike. It has lots of stores I tend to frequent like Gap, Converse, and Aldos. There are lots of great deals to be had, one just has to look! There are lots of higher-end stores as well which makes for a nice mix. It is an outdoor mall so dress accordingly! Sometimes in the spring and summer some of the misters don't work that well and "spit" out water as opposed to "misting" it lol!
4	This outlet is pretty sweet. I won a couple hundred at the tables, so of course i'm going to blow my money here buying some want-but-don't-actually-need shiz.The stores I liked here which had a good selection for an outlet.GAPJ-CrewPerry EllisAldoBanana RepublicThe stores I disliked here because of selection or style.DieselEd HardyKenneth Cole ($60 for a V-neck? Nothxbyeeee)The food court was pretty limited, and not very good even for Nevada...On the bright side, Starbucks was regularly priced compared to Starbucks on the strip, huzzah!
4	Most everyone has already done a thorough job of reviewing these outlets...so I'll keep this brief:Pros:Parking garage and security has a presence, convenient location, outdoors, great high end stores, clean, bigCons:Parking gets tight and backs up, elevators in garage are slow, when it's hot you'll work up a sweat getting from one store to the nextIf you love shopping, definitely make a stop here on your next trip to Vegas!
4	I like this outlet. First, it is quite near the city, just a few minutes' drive. Second, it s quite concentrated, making the stroll quite easier. Third, it is more focused on American stuff. Also, the service is quite nice, and shop assistants are really helpful. I love the place.
5	Came here for the Reebok store. Got greeted as we entered and later asked if we needed help. But already found what I was looking for, 4E shoes! Yes!Checked out the Coach store. Didn't buy anything.Picked up some goodies at Harry and David. Offered some samples.....mmmm!Next up Dooney and Bourke. Got a bag for my gf's friend. Staff was very helpful.
5	Great outlet mall with tons to offer. I love the Nike outlet, they have great deals throughout the store. A definite must if you're in Vegas. The worst experience I have had here was back almost ten years ago when I flew to Vegas to meet a girl I had never met but only talked to on the phone. Let me tell you this girl lived on her stupid phone and she snorted like a pig when she laughed. The only enjoyment I got that day was going to the Nike outlet and buying a SWEET pair Nike Shox. But anyways this place is a lot of fun and great place to bring kids since they have a giant mary go round in the middle of the mall. I don't get to Vegas often but next time I go I am defiantly stopping here to do some shopping.
4	This outlet has a large selection of stores better than the oulet at Primm.  I only wish they had a Williams Sonoma store.  I didn't see any empty stores which is what I've been seeing in other outlet malls.  The food court and restaurants are okay.  The parking sucks when it gets busy.
4	This outlet is located away from the strip and is accessible by public transport. This location has way better variety than the south location and being out door and newer it has much better clean feel. Though I wouldn't recommend it on a hot day. There way a lineup outside Starbucks and Ice Cream shops of people just trying to get something to quench their thirst.Food options are a bit better as well and I recommend the Makino AYCE Japanese.For store I just luv luv the Armani Exchange outlet. Parking can be tight so beware of that and this place does get its fair share of traffic. I recommend this place if you can't drive to Primm.
4	I'm not a big fan of outlet malls, but I do enjoy this location from time to time. I like that outdoor aspect of this location. The worst part about this mall is the parking. I never seem to be able to find anything close and the parking structures are always a nightmare. I try to park in the uncovered parking at any cost. There are a few stores that I enjoy, especially the Coach, Kate Spade, Fossil and Gap outlets. I don't come here often, usually when I have friends visiting from out of town or when I'm doing some last minute holiday shopping. All in all, it's a pretty enjoyable shopping experience here especially during weekdays when it's less busy.
4	What can I say: its an outlet mall that has brand name stores. Good stuff to be had if you find a good deal and the parking garage is a big plus. I love the fact that they actually have a L'Occitane en Provence store.
1	Poor service.. Walked in and the gurl n front turn around so she wouldn't greet.. WTF.. This place require no star
3	got my bf to buy his first watch at kenneth cole. lots of good store there =]
4	This place is huge.  There's a store for everyone in the family.  It's a great place to shop for a good deal.  And if you get hungry, hit up the food court.  Only negative is the parking.  There are some really bad drivers in Las Vegas and they all seem to meet up in the parking garage.  Minus 1-star.
4	I am not a huge fan of outlet malls as normally they are geared towards tourists and rarely do they have deals.But this outdoor mall was recommended to us by a couple of local LV residents.  The day was warm and gorgeous so we said what the heck.Tons of shops, all the big names and tons of deals.  My friend ended up buying quite a few things on sale, me not so much.  I just didn't need anything badly this time so I just mainly browsed.  I did buy some cute souvenirs from an outdoor stand but that's about it.This mall has mostly clothing and perfume stores at good prices, not enough food or knick knacky things. Very clean premises, modern construction, well kept.  Definitely a must for tourists.I would come back if I needed some brand names at a deal, but probably not otherwise.  Time to see what other shopping areas Vegas has.
5	Absolute best outlets anywhere.  Love the children's polo, baby gap and children's place.  I refuse to pay full price for kids clothes so this is the next best thing.  I also hit up the converse store and scored a couple pairs for the little one.  Love the Dooney outlet here, probably the only one on the West coast.  The parking is a bit crazy, valet fills up early too.  This is a must do when in town.  I rather spend money here than gamble it away.  Can't wait to return.
4	L o v e. T h e s e. O u t l e t s. Once upon a time I grew up in a fashion deprived city. The nearest shops were hours away. I've never been much of an on-line shopper, so I had to know where all the nearest shops I liked were (Cure? LV Premium Outlets).Shops here that I love: - J. Crew - French Connection (R.I.P. It's dead now but had been on my list of favorites for years)- Kate Spade (another bag please!)- Banana Republic - GAP (even though the factory stores tend to resemble Old Navy at times, what do you expect for factory prices?) -Ed Hardy (hahahahahahahah j/k!!!!)I like the outdoor shop locations, but be warned, it can be bloody hot in summer (they have mist machines, but when its 100+ degrees out it evaporates immediately) . The food court is small (only 5? eateries) and during busy summer months seating can be hard to find. Outside is an ice cream shop and Godiva, so if Chinese Orange chicken or 1,000 calorie pizza slices don't appeal you can eat chocolate. They keep the facilities clean & they have covered parking (makes all the difference in that kind of heat -hot leather seats & short skirts don't mesh well). They also have valet and the area stays pretty clean.  Go there. Today. This weekend. Tomorrow. Just GO. Anyone up for a road trip???
2	I wandered through a couple of the stores and can't say that I was all that impressed with their offerings. Some of the major stores like Guess and Diesel offer better deals in their regular stores when they have sales and you don't have to deal with the madness and chaos that the Outlets can be on a busy day. I'm told that season transition time is not the best time for bargains, so i'll go back in the summer and see what they have. Today a man head butted me while he tried to jump for a shirt. It was an accident (carelessness on my part, I'm sure, for standing still in plain sight) and no fault of the store that I was in, but I probably won't go back again unless it's the middle of the day on a weekday when tourist season is low.  Being outside on a mild day is the best part of the experience. The shopping; well, I left empty handed.
3	not to bad.. didn't buy much here. but a pair of 50 dollar last year model nikes.. i bought a reg price hat at o neils... and a slushie.. need more sales and bargain@!!! the cosmetic store was a laugh.. only a slight discount on lancome makeup.. and the rest was perfume.. lame...
3	Great selection if you are looking for purses or high-end fashion.  Not the most fun place for an average guy to shop.  After shopping at the fashion mall on the strip, I'm convinced that the prices are exactly the same.  They seem to just START the prices higher, so that they can be marked down more.
4	I've been to both Premium Outlets North and South this trip and found the North to be wayyy better. I will not go back to the South. The North Outlets are newer, have better stores and alot of visitors shop there. The sales people are also nicer. North outlets are outdoors (open mall) sucks when its really cold or hot, and can be difficult to follow the map and find stores sometimes. It can be alil confusing navigating around.  (but its worth it) The South is enclosed but just sucks all the way around. It's older and mostly locals shop there, it's alil more urban if you know what I mean. Also, both outlets carry different merchandise and when I went to the same stores at both, I found nicer things at the North Outlet.
3	The first few times I drove to this outlet mall, I wasn't a huge fan.  There are some definite downsides.  The parking can be atrocious, and some of the stores feel a bit like flea markets... smelly people digging through piles of undesirable waste.  Can you tell I'm not really a fan of outlet malls?  I have been elbowed in the temple on each and every trip I've made to an outlet mall, so maybe my brain is addled.  But I digress.I am giving this outlet mall 3 stars because I have occasionally scored a good deal or two at this location (helloooooo Kate Spade wicker basket purse!).  However, much like other outlet malls, this one has its fair share of bad deals as well.  Maybe I have a rampant shopping problem, but I generally know how much things go for at "regular" stores... and sometimes, there isn't a price difference at all.  I prefer to visit this mall at night.  It seems like there are fewer suburban housewives with excessively large strollers.  Overall, I will probably visit once or twice more before I move back home to Missouri in July.  It's about as good an outlet mall as I have visited.
4	By far my favorite outlet that I have been too! The prices here are deeply discounted compared to the one on Primm, Cabazon, etc. The only bad thing about this place is that the parking is ridiculous! You would be lucky to find a spot here! We circled around like 3 times! And remember that it is packed already so time wise...very long!The shops that are here that I like are the following:1. Coach (Need to improve their designs...)2. Lucky Brand Jeans3. Burberry4. Nike (Love their shoes!)5. Banana Republic6. Steve Madden (Brand new!!! Great selection!)7. CAN'T REMEMBER THE OTHERS! =(Overall, DEFINITELY COME HERE!
4	So you visit Vegas, and want to get your shopping on? The Strip and Crystals is too expensive for your taste? Enter Las Vegas Premium Outlets of the North!Here's the shops that have the best deals by discounts that I've found:+ Calvin Klein (hit or miss, but check the clearance rack)+ Aldo (great shoes for a reasonable price)+ GAP (found a pair of jeans for 60% off)+ Banana Republic ($13 polos, tons of colors and sizes)+ Coach for Men (clearance rack has the best deals, the rest of the store, so-so)I ended up dropping a huge dime at the stores above before leaving Vegas after picking through deals on a busy Monday afternoon. One can only imagine how crazy busy this place gets on a weekend. There's a large parking garage, but to avoid the madness, try coming here on a weekday instead of the weekend. You can't beat the deals if you're willing to sort through them and wait in what can be long lines. If you're an outlet shopper, hit up LVPO of the North.
3	Ok, so I'm a guy, and I admit, I kinda like to shop around! I think the Outlet Malls in Vegas give you another option to gambling, remember what I said in an earlier review... This Outlet, near downtown is easily accessible by bus, car or cab. Lot's of parking and stores to see. Actually got a good deal on some walking shorts here as well as some stuff for the niece and nephew! Good food court and there's lot's of places to sit and rest. But I think if you go early in the day or late in the afternoon it may be better since it can get pretty hot!
3	Fun to go a few times a year with visiting friends and family.  I like the outdoor element -- get your exercise in whilst hunting for bargains!  I've found better deals in the non-outlet versions, but it doesn't hurt to look around.  The food court is rather lame for a 'premium' outlet mall; I mean, really, only a handful of offerings (Subway, a pizza place, a Japanese-style fast food outlet, etc.) facing a dining area that could use some redecorating.Come here on weekdays, not weekends, if you don't want to run out of patience!
4	I have always found this to by my favorite shopping for someone who hates shopping. They have a lot of very high end clothing stores for half the price. And my favorite shop DIESEL which I can't get enough of. You can look forward to spending at least 2 hours here walking around. And add an hour if you go with someone who loves to shop. : /
3	I think this Outlet is either hit or miss.  The day we went, it was definitely a miss because I saw no eye popping deals. What I did see was the following:* Plenty of vendors at the kiosks selling crap.  Why in the hell do I need a ball, made of slime, that you throw against a window just to watch it creep down the window?  Yeah, I bought 3.* A Nike outlet store where it was wall to wall people yet no deals to be found.* Briefcases in excess of $300 dollars.  I'm not going to live in the damn thing, I just want to lug some crap around.* A food court with maybe 6 types of food choices and about the same number of seating available.  Ok, it was a large dining are but so packed that there wasn't seating available either indoors or out.* More footwear stores than I ever knew existed.  Are Ugg's really a hot commodity in Vegas in May?* A Levi's outlet store.  I like my Levi's but aren't denim jackets a bit much unless your herding cattle?* A Guess outlet and a Guess by Marciano.  Well guess what....I don't know who Marciano is.My observations withstanding, this mall is easy to get to and if you get there early, parking is quite easy to find inside the parking garage.  Later in the day it gets busy and parking seems to be a premium at either of the parking garages.The layout is easy to navigate with a bank of stores on the perimeter along with a center building with additional stores so you're basically walking around a rectangle.  Plenty of water misters throughout for those hot Vegas days which made this shopping experience bearable.
4	This outlet mall has improved dramatically since the last time I was there a year ago.  The range of stores is outstanding and it has the higher end stores.  The Cole Haan and Joe's Jeans stores are great here.  The sushi buffet at this mall is also outstanding.  The Polo store could run a few more sales.  It is my least favorite of the Polo outlets.  I prefer the one in Austin, TX, and in Phoenix, AZ.
3	Update: The SDX goes straight here. Before you had to take the Deuce then make a transfer. It's easy to come here now. Other than that not much change. It's outdoors so you will either feel hot or cold. A good place to check out.
4	Love shopping at the Premium North outlet!  It has some of the better brands compared to the South outlet which is a little less designer and a little more 'blah'.  My main problem with the outlet, though, is the extreme lack of parking on busy weekends and their security's ineptitude in handling it. If you go there, stop by the customer service office and pick up a coupon voucher book with lots of coupons in it for $5 or free with AAA.  It has a lot of great discounts inside of it.
3	Small location with few shops. There are pretty good deals here though. Nice quiet place to be when you want to be away from the crowd in Vegas. I really loved the employees at Coach in particular; everyone was extremely friendly and personable.
5	shop til you drop... came may 2012, they had a lot of discounts....
4	Excellent shopping here. Coach has an outlet here as well as a Men's outlet. I had already made my Coach purchases but it was still fun to look some more. Juicy Couture has an outlet here. I found a kickin charm bracelet for a friend of mine on clearance.If I have only one complaint it is that this is an outdoor mall. In the desert heat that sucks, they try to combat it with a mister system but if its hot its bloody hot.I would certainly go back here, just in cooler temperatures the next time.
3	I know the design of this place is meant to be outdoors and fashionable.. but seriously Summer Vegas weather is not ideal for this place.  Aside from it being outdoors this place by far hosts the best outlets in Vegas., Very very diverse and reasonable. Design of the outlet kind of stinks but the shops are well worth it.
4	Shops open at 10 am but if you get there a little early they have a Starbucks to kick back at.  Parking can be a pain, so if you're a serious shopper, get there about 9:45 and you'll be fine... except during the holidays like Christmas, where's nothing can help you.
4	very good outlet. they had THEORY (which was disappointing!) and Tory Burch (but still kinda pricey for me)However, I did get some stuff from BR and Kate Spade so I was happy. Food court needs an upgrade though, yikes!
4	1. Great selection of brands/stores2. Tiny food court. Eat elsewhere. 3. Long line and slow service for Starbucks in the summer4. Ample parkingMy favorite outlet store is Banana Republic because you can find good quality clothes for a reasonable price.
4	A really nice outlet in Vegas!  Better than the one by the state line!   Come and check it out.
4	The north outlets are a little nicer than the south location, though they do have pretty much the same stores.
5	This is a great outlet mall with all of the high end outlet stores. A few of my favorite are Michael Kors, Coach, Tory Burch, Juicy, and so many more. It is so large though that you can get lost. We walked around in circles a few times today trying to find the Coach store, lol. Not very good when it's 105 degrees outside. That's the only downside. It is an outside mall so it's hard to handle in the hot summer days. They do have misters that feel pretty good and cool you off for a second. The food court is pretty lousy as well. Not a whole lot of choices and seating is minimum. Every time I go there we have to wait for someone to get up. Overall a great mall with an awesome selection of outlet stores. It's better to go in the nice spring days though rather than the hot summer.
4	This outlet mall is pretty cool. I love that they have both Michael Kors and Coach, and other favorites such as Guess and Juicy.It's pretty big so it's hard to get through all of it unless you know what you're looking for. My bf and I found some pretty good deals last weekend but unfortunately the heat was too much to bear. Most stores have air conditioning though which helps.Overall, I recommend!
2	Pretty disappointing actually.I had expected a lot more coming here but it was really small and not impressive at all. I spent only about an hour walking around and going into a few stores. Most of my time was spent in Guess due to a long line. Walked into Charlotte Russe looking for deals since it was an outlet mall but found the same prices, same styles as the store back home. Super let down with just that.The food court was even worst. A small room with 4 choices of food, which didn't taste great either.Overall, the time spent traveling from the strip to the "outlet" in 100 degree weather wasn't really worth it. Despite that, I did however score a cute bag from Guess and new kicks at Nike.Visit again? I'll pass.
5	Great place. Perfect for the ladies after a buffet or large meal. I found some great deals such as Lucky Jeans for 20 bucks a piece. Coach purses for an average of 150. Aerosole shoes for around 30. This is a true outlet mall. My wife and I spent 600 here and we prolly saved about the same. I highly recommend.
4	This outlet is awesome, I love the selection of stores and brands they offer; although I am a little miffed about them taking out FCUK. Another thing that I docked off a star was because its already so hot in Vegas, that outdoor malls aren't ideal =/ Other than that, this is where I like to do shopping in Vegas.This outlet has a pretty good selection, everything from cosmetics to fragrances to Guess to Coach; definitely hits a wide range of audiences.
5	great mall, stores with wonderful discounts
4	Great for a deal, always.  Some items last season.  Worth the trip, always go to the North, the South Premium outlets is nowhere near as good.
4	I have yet to not spend money here.  They have very high end, low end, and everything in the middle shops.  I have the shops I always hit and the wife always hits her own shops.  If I'm doing well in the casino, I will try to splurge and get a nice gift for her.  Trust me, there are plenty of spots that she will love.I usually frequent the spots that I can't find near LA like AG Jeans or True Religion Outlets.  Can't beat the prices and I don't need the latest styles.  Perfect for outlets.If splurging for the wife, I hit Kate Spade or Burberry or Coach.  I can usually find something to buy.  She on the other hand doesn't like to splurge so she hits places like Banana or Ann Taylor.  Good deals all around.Our latest trend has been shopping for baby clothes since we had a little one recently.  Carter's, Osh Kosh, Gymboree, and Children's Place are the spots to shop.  Seriously, they grow out of their clothes so fast, outlet shopping is perfect for them.  Brand new car smell without the brand new car prices.  You should shop these spots twice a year minimum to load up on the next size gear. (OMG their feet grow so fast...)Like everybody else, if you're there for a leisurely shopping trip, go in the morning or evening.  It's hot and no cover available.  Going from 100 degree weather to A/C climate stores can't be good for you.  I don't know who they are trying to fool with those misters all over the place.  Those don't help unless you plant your face in front of one of them and hope that there's a breeze right after.BUT, if you are a serious shopper and know what you want, go for the day trip.  Get there, hit your stores, and get out.  OR if you like the heat, hey, more power to you.  Another thing, if it rains, again, no cover except for certain areas.  Outdoor malls are nice but not suitable for such extreme weather.Buy buy buy.  The stateline stores suck except for William Sonoma and the Barstow shops are just a joke now, so stock up here while you still have money!
4	Since I live so far away, I don't usually find myself at these outlets unless something else brings me in the area.  This particular visit came from an all company meeting for my employer at the Smith Center.  We had a couple of hours to kill, so we ended up coming to the outlets to shop and grad a bite. I really appreciate the entire experience at the premium outlets.  This place is packed with hospitality, shops and people!  When you walk through the front, the information booth never skips a beat to say hello.  It was a super hot day, but no worrries!  This place was packed with misters.  This place is packed with different shops and dining options, so if you're ever in the area, come by and check it out!
3	Two Words: JECKYLL AND HYDE. JECKYLL: The stores here are all nice and organized. Walking around, the clean up crew does a good job keeping the the grounds spotless. The food court is decent and thankfully inside where it is air conditioned.HYDE: The number one reason I am not too crazy about going to this place and im sure that EVERYBODY that shops here will agree with me is that THE PARKING SUCKS! Every time I go here it takes forever to find a parking spot. When you do find one, it's usually between a huge SUV and a hooptie. Forget the fact that the stalls are small to begin with, the chances that you will have a ding or two on your car is higher than finding the lost city of Atlantis. With all the business they do here you would think they can add at least another 3 levels on their parking structures or least put more structures on their open lots. The South Premium Outlet has a better advantage because parking is a little bit better and thank GOD it's an actual shopping mall with air conditioning.
4	not bad....
5	THIS PLACE IS THE DEVIL.Omg, I love it. The selection of stores is beautiful - Burberry, Cole Haan, and Kate Spade in one place?! YES PLEASE!I can't speak for the parking issue because we took a cab there and back. No need to worry about parking that way!We got there when they opened on Sunday for two reasons - we wanted to avoid as many crowds as possible, and we didn't want it to be blazing freaking hot.We only spent a couple of hours there - we had specific stores we wanted to go to. I ended up with a new Kate Spade purse and wallet, and a new Cole Haan purse and wristlet, for under $330. I'd say I did pretty well.
3	Nice set up. I didn't see anything I could live without though. All the stores are the same you would see at any other outlet shopping center.
5	way better selection than south outletspent too much money....... ill give rating zero stars if possible hahahanice selections stores were pretty damn organized and neat for outlet mallactually found a shirt at ralph lauren polo that i really wanted last fall but, couldnt find my size in my area got literally 1/2 of original price. spent about 2 hours there =/
4	It's outlet shopping! what else is needs to be said?The unfortunate thing is this place is outdoors so during the summer it's super hot and you just keep hopping from store to store to cool down. They have misters on to help with the heat.I usually hit up Coach, Banana Republic, Gap and Ann Taylor. The list of stores is here: https://www.premiumoutlets.com/outlets/store_listing.asp?id=58They have a pretty impressive list. A lot more high end stores than the other outlet in town. You'd have to go to the one in Primm to see similar stores (however, even the one in Primm is starting to lose stores to this location)
4	This mall has my favorite stores (Adidas, Oakley & Timberland) along with some of my "Tier 2" favorites - Puma, Quiksilver & Nike.It gets really busy and so I would recommend getting here when it opens.  There is a multi-story parking structure attached to the mall.This owner of this mall (Simon Malls I think) has a VIP shopper club you can sign up for online and then get a coupon to pick up a coupon book at the mall information office which has even more discounts on a lot of the stores (never Oakley though which is frustrating).It is a couple of different buses to get here from the Strip - or about a $30 cab ride and so if you compare that to the cost of a rental car you can probably save money by getting a rental car for your trip to Vegas).The food court here is pretty terrible and so I would either eat before, or stay hungry and eat somewhere else.
3	I guess coming from florida and having all the outlets down here I just wasn't that impressed. We went over as we stayed a week and needed to pick up a few more clothes. Good variety, prices were nothing great, a lot of foreigners and very crowded long lines. If its your only stop while in the states, and you can't get this stuff at good prices at home, then go. If not, wait till you get back home and see some other sights instead.
4	I had never been to the North outlets though I'd spent a fair amount of time at the other South outlets. I don't know, my mom hates to be outside and when I outlet shop, it's usually with her and I guess it needs to be inside, whatever. Anyway, I walked down the stairs from the parking ramp (total nightmare, btw, find a lot to park in, you will not get out of that ramp unscathed) and it was magical. Diesel, Banana Republic, Nike, Quiksilver, and the elusive Bare Escentuals outlet. (Although, I think I figured out where Bare Escentuals makeup goes to die when you return it to Macy's, Sephora, Bare Escentuals, etc. retail--I think it comes to the outlet to die. Can't verify, but I put together the puzzle pieces and I'm pretty sure I'm right.)It's enormous and I would not recommend going on a weekend--you will get run over by hoards of people and their dogs, literally. All in all though, a good place to go for good deals not too far away!
4	Well, we basically committed shopper suicide by deciding to go here on Black Friday. What were we thinking? Maybe the mountains would have been a better choice. Aside from the fact that there were millions of people here and parking was very hard to find, this outlet actually is pretty good. There are tons of stores for every taste. The prices seemed really reasonable, although that may have been Black Friday. I am not a huge fan of outlets or shopping in general, but this is a place that I would recommend over the traditional shops.
2	Not that great, very busy and it seemed every store I entered was out of what I was looking for.  Parking is horrible as well.  I don't plan on ever going back to this place.  I gave it two stars instead of one since the misters are nice in the summer.
3	I have been to other outlets, like Carlsbad Company Outlet, Lake Elsinore, Citadel, Las Americas, and Ontario Mills. I would like to comment that this mall's architecture is not as appealing as the other outlet malls that I've aforementioned. However, it does seem to include all the usual factory outlets, like Nike, Gap, Banana Republic, Journeys, Vans, etc. Not missing much, but I did not enjoy the experience as much as in the other outlets.
5	A few minutes north of the strip this place is well worth the trip.  If you had a lucky day in the casino and decide to splurge, this is the place to be.  Tons of high end retailers that provide rock bottom pricing are just footsteps away from each other.  If you are a AAA Member, be sure to visit the information kiosk right in front of the entrance to get a booklet containing additional discounts. Shop til you drop!
4	There is a good selection of stores to visit and the prices are actually pretty good. Also, if you have AAA membership, you can get a coupon book from the information office. Just be careful to look at the fine print for exclusions.Overall, I try to stop here for at least a little shopping when I'm in Vegas. There are usually some pretty good deals. And it's not far from the strip either.A couple of notes though (that have not deterred me from coming)- it's an outdoor mall so of course it gets quite hot in the summer. Parking is also a pain. There are always tons of cars trying to get in and out.Other than that, it's worth a visit. Why pay full price when you can get things for less?
4	We come here almost every time, if we are staying in Vegas a few nights.  My wife can find nice gifts at bargain prices.  We hardly ever leave empty handed.  They have plenty of stores and parking.The best time to come here is during the middle of the week when school is still in session.  There are less crowds and better deals to be found.I would give them 5 stars, but because the outlet is outdoors I have to subtract a star.  The summers can be unbearable here.
3	I didn't find the prices to match that of other outlets by the same company. Premium Outlets in Gulfport, Ms were much cheaper, these seemed more like retail prices. But it's Vegas so you expect to fork out the extra cash for everything I suppose. The parking made me want to jump off the top of the garage. I highly suggest installing speed bumps in there, people were driving all sorts of crazy and PASSING other vehicles at high speeds in the garage as the security guards on their segways directed traffic for no reason on the bottom floor.
1	OMG - this is such a crap hole.  How on Earth did this place get 4 stars??????!!! Junk ! JUNK! JUNK!  And the prices ARE NOT a deal - try the Amazon scanner app.  Unbelievable. What a trash heap.
4	After a brief stay in Vegas, we decided to head on over to 4-star rated Premium Outlets. Oh my, oh my, oh my. Tips:1. I implore you to get there before noon to shop or be prepared for carmageddon in the parking structure. 2. The VIP coupon book available for purchase at the information booth: don't get it. It's really not worth your money considering you're NOT allowed to combine the sales within the coupon book with the deals already occurring in the store. And chances are, the ones in the store are better anyway. Unless you're planning on dropping hundreds for a Kate Spade handbag to get a 15% deal, not worth your $5. You can preview it if you'd like though.3. If you manage to get there early with fewer people, the crazy packed stores include Polo Ralph Lauren and Banana Republic. The line for Banana was insanely long so I'd suggest you hit that store first if it's one of the stores on your list. Otherwise, this outlet was huge! We didn't even shop all of it because our feet were so dang tired already. The only downside to this outlet would be like sometimes it doesn't seem like an outlet at all because the prices are still the same for some stores. It was a hit or a miss, but even during this after Christmas setting, there were more misses than hits. 4 stars for variety, aesthetics, and the fact that I got Nikes for $60 here and boots for only $20.
4	I really like this outlet. There's a good number of stores that I like and it has a mix of high and med end brands. Some of my favs are Kate Spade, Tory Burch, Cole Haan, Polo, Gap, Banana, Zales, Aerosoles, and Ann Taylor. When the weather is nice it's a great place to walk around for a few hours. If you're going in the winter definitely bring a heavy jacket because it gets really cold and windy.There's a few casual eateries and a Starbucks; perfect for staying energized during long shopping trips. I love that parking is free and it's a pretty big structure. I only wish it was closer to the strip since I don't often have access to a car when I'm in vegas.
4	This is the REAL Las Vegas Outlet! There are a few other lame run down outlets in the Las Vegas area, but make sure you go to this one, LAS VEGAS PREMIUM OUTLET!Who says there's nothing to do but gamble in Vegas? I personally hate shopping maybe it's a guy thing, but I hate looking at the same crap that's  never on sale. This outlet is great for men! I'm not into men if that's what you were thinking (that's what he said). Let me explain. Most malls are composed of 95% womens products. This is no joke! And the 5% of stores that are not women's I am counting the food court and gift shops that don't even sell clothing. I admit malls are great for guys to go window shopping for eye candy (go on ladies do your thang), but if you want some decent clothes there is no mens clothing! This outlet actually has stores that men will  shop at! Also, unisex clothing stores have a men's section and not just on rack hidden in the back of a women's store. There's nothing more embarrassing than wondering if something is your size and it turns out to be womens clothing. That's a nightmare for a straight guy. Van Heusen, Nike, Reebok, Adidas, Nautica, Calvin Klein, Keith Cole, TIMBERLAND!! One of the last Timberland stores open. Other outlets will only have a few big names and no section, but the premium outlets have what you are looking for. There's too much good stuff! Usually, I only get halfway through the outlet because I have bought too much stuff before I make it all the way through. If you are going to shop for reals, the Las Vegas Premium Outlets is for you. If you just want to look around, still go... but you should buy something because the prices are awesome. This is a must stop everytime you go to Las Vegas. The only bad thing is you may freeze your ass off in the winter and you will melt like a ice cream in the summertime, because this is an outdoor mall. I still don't get what the designers of this mall were thinking! Outdoor mall in Vegas?Written via blackberry
2	There is nothing special about this mall. It is very tight, not a lot of room for a lot of people to walk by without bumping into each other.  I can only imagine what it's like during the holidays.  And you can find the same stores and lousy parking at any regular mall.  Besides, how many clothing stores does a mall need? And the prices are no better than you find anywhere else. Two types of stores that are missing, IMO: sporting/sports and wine.  I was looking for a wine gift here, but ended up at a convenience store somewhere else.  Also wanted a pro sports jacket, but nothing here. Best thing about this mall is its location.To each his/her own.
5	This is my favorite place to shop in Vegas.  They have lots of variety here, including some higher end outlets like Coach, Coach Mens, Burberry, Kate Spade etc!  Many kid's stores like Carters, Childrens Place, Gap Kids, OGBG, etc.....And lots of sports stores, like Nike, Addidas, Reebok, and Puma too, so essentially everything you are looking for will be here!Really wish they had somewhere for kids to play though.  And better restaurants LOL...now I am getting picky.Only bad thing is that it is outside...so when it is cold/hot, rainy/windy etc, it slows you down, but still a great place to shop!
5	What can u say that hasn't already been said? This place is awesome for those who don't live  in metropolitan areas. It offers all the major brand names at outlet prices. Being ur comfy shoes!!!
4	I love this mall. I took a $18 cab ride on Superbowl Sunday from my hotel on the strip to this mall. I really loved the Burberry  store. Wow! Huge! The Tory Burch had a nice shoe selection. I was shocked to see a Stuart Weitzman store. The selection was okay. The Michael Kors wasn't bad. The Nike store had a great selection of womens running shoes. I just wish I had gone here first instead of The Palazzo or Forum. Def a must see if you like to shop and really nice to walk around since the weather was nice. This mall is outside so go on a nice day.
5	We shop here every time we are in town. We filled up the whole car!  It get busy here so parking is challenging but worth the hassle. Highly recommended!
4	All my favorite stores in an outlet!There's a Kate Spade outlet store? Why yes. What about a Tory Burch? Oh, hell yes! So, I had a great time and probably spent too much, but hey we're in Vegas!The bathrooms were clean and it was easy to get a taxi back to our hotel. The only bummer was that there were no great sales for President's Day weekend. The weather was also wonderful so it was nice to be shopping outdoors!Also, the outlet was only a few miles away from the strip so very easily accessible!
4	So I must confess that for the majority of my adult life, i have hated outlets. I didn't like the idea of items that were not good enough to be sold in stores to be sent here, and really, how much less were you paying? Really?When I arrived in Las Vegas I admit that the selection of stores at the outlet amazed me, but still, why pay brand name (outlet) prices if it was not worth it? Fast forward to a couple of months ago, when I came back after a two year hiatus. I only went to a couple of stores, Banana Republic and the like, and I was amazed! AMAZED! I could not tell the difference between the store and the outlet items. Holy crap! After that visit I was sold, and now I don't see a reason why people go to the mall. I agree that parking is a nightmare, so I suggest you get there a little before the stores open to get a good spot. Although I love shopping as much as the next girl, I really just like to get in quickly and get the heck out of there before it gets to packed.
4	Great outlet for the las vegas area.  Like most folks have said, this outlet is way better than the outlet closer to the strip.Came during the peak time so as expected, it was pretty busy.  Parking wasn't so bad, there's a big garage you could park in, as well as lots of outdoor parking.  Unlike for example, the Gilroy outlets where everything's separated, this outlet is pretty much in one area, so you won't have to constantly drive from one area to another.  Store wise, they have plenty so I'm sure you'll be able to find something to your needs.Since the bay area is filled with this sorta stuff, no store really stood out like a sore thumb...price wise pretty much on par with the bay area. Food wise, just OK...there's a food court and plenty of snacks and drinks.  But I'd recommend passing on the food and finding a great restaurant after a long day of shopping.  In terms of getting here, unfortunately it's pretty far from the strip.  You could take the bus, but that will take too long.  There are many taxi's by the parking lot, so the fastest and efficient way without a car is taxi
4	I really like these outlets!  They have a lot of high end stores that I've never seen in other outlet malls, but they also have some of the typical outlet players.  It's pretty easy to navigate - there are a ton of maps with the stores listed in alphabetical order.  In the summer there are misters that make it more bearable to walk around outdoors.  I take off a star because I think the parking garage is one of the more frustrating to park in.  In my experience there's always a long line of cars waiting to park and it takes forever.  Other than that, a great place to shop with good variety.
4	lotsa shops, lotsa good stuff. better than primm and the south premium outlets
2	I come here to see the people that I know since I used to work in 3 different stores here. But everything else, I don't really feel safe about this mall no matter how much security and cops they put on patrol here.Robberies and shoplifting is frequent. And I have seen the stall vendors get into altercations with random kids, you know, wannabe gangbangers that wanna earn their stripes.I have also seen taxi drivers fight over parking spots, and a incident between a bus driver and a cab driver because the cabbie is parked on bus property that was meant to unload passengers. The people that go to this mall are the most inconsiderate drivers ever. They would rather hold up traffic in a parking garage stretching 20 cars, just so they can take a spot on the lower levels instead of just driving all the way to the top. Fights break out in the garages too.Most of these problems are caused by LOCALS, not the tourists. The locals that come here start the drama, and the tourists either are driven away by it or see it as mild entertainment.For those that are complaining about the "deceptive pricing", I will tell you this... Prices for outlet goods are decided by the BRAND, not the mall! For example, Coach Factory Outlet bags are considerably cheaper than their full price counterparts. However, Michael Kors Outlet often have similar price tags to their full price cousins, although the silhouettes are actually completely different. That means that depending on the brand, you can either get a actual discount  from a "transfer" item, or... You could actually be buying a entirely different product from the same company.For each brand there are often at least three categories, Full Price (Boutiques), Outlet, and Department Store (Nordstroms, Neiman Marcus, Macy's). Boutiques are pretty obvious. But for Outlets, which could be a entirely different part of the company, they MAY get transfers from full price stores, which will get marked down. Otherwise Outlets will have their own collection to sell.
2	I went specifically for the Ferragamo store and was very disappointed with selection and the price points. Prices are hardly outlet on most of the shoes and the inventory was very weak. I find shopping online to be a better alternative. Not impressed :(
3	Great outdoor outlet mall. Great shops and prices generally speaking. I was less impressed with Juicy Couture, Nike, and Burberry. But Polo, Coach, and Dooney were pretty good pplaces to hit. I would come back but do get there early. I aws there at 10:30am and parking was already getting limited.
4	Always a fan of outlets - especially when they carry name branded stores. Tory Burch, Lacoste, Nike Factory, etc. It was really crowded when we went - given it was St. Patrick's day. First time here though. Next time we're going to explore the South one.
4	Coming here once was enough. Would have rated this 3.5, but I'll give it a 4.If you want to take a break from the strip and ride the WAX or SDX somewhere safe to do some shopping, then this place is it.This outdoor complex is very nice and clean, and a lot of the employees there are quite friendly. The coupon book, however, isn't impressive since they require you to spend a lot in order to get a discount. You'll definitely find at least one store to check out and see what they have on sale. They also have a Starbucks there as well, which accepts gift cards.Cheers!
4	Exit 41B on the highway. Typical outlet location. Nothing special beside the problems of finding parking. Must get there early to be the crowd.
5	shopping! yay~
4	Better than the Premium Outlets South by far!They have some great high end stores as well as your average outlet stores.The set up is nice, its not too big.Free parking garage which was full as hell (we're talking an hour to park!) on a saturday afternoon.Sunday  morning was perfect though, empty and painless.Its very clean and well kept with something for everyone.Its a must stop for anyone wanting to do some shopping in Vegas without breaking the bank.
4	Las Vegas Premium Outlet North is the best outlet center in the Las Vegas area that offers high fashion at an affordable price. Some great stores are 7 For All Mankind, Burberry, Dolce & Gabbana, Joe's Jeans, Kate Spade, Salvatore Ferragamo, True Religion and my personal favorite, Tory Burch.....Yes ladies, Tory Burch which is always my first go to store when I visit this center. The only downfall is that it is located outdoors, which can be unbearable during the summer heat when it's in the 3 digit degree. Overall, it is an outstanding outlet center with great finds.
2	Every time I go here, I ask myself why!?The Columbia outlet store is the only reason I head here, there isn't another in town. I like the Columbia outlet store but I seriously hate these outlets as a whole. Getting in and out is never easy. Even when it's not a holiday or weekend, parking is a nightmare. Always crowded, full of rude people. There's no airflow if you go on warmer days, it gets stuffy in those walkways. They're currently doing some sort of construction outside of the parking garage making things an even bigger cluster f***. I'll read this review every time I think I want to go to this outlet.
3	Not a bad outlet mall with some good deals. Overall good selection of stores at varying price ranges. I really wish they had a Michael Kors outlet that just sold clothing!Be prepared for the following with your visit: a) Waiting in line and/or fighting off hoards of Asian tourists at Coach, Michael Kors and Tory Burch. b) It will be hot and there is limited shade. c) Get your Starbucks before coming here. There are limited places to eat and one Starbucks.
5	Shoppers paradise.  Unbeatable deals.  High end retailers.  'nuff said!Be sure you stop by the info/security office to get your coupon book. AAA members get it free!
4	Parking is hazardous to your health. I would suggest going on the weekday but even then parking can still be a pain in the rear. Its worth it once you do land a spot because they have just about all kinds of stores high end to regular outlet stores such as GAP and quicksilver to Burberry and Coach. Great selection of things and I assure you will not leave empty handed!
3	It's an outlet in the desert....what can I say It was hot....there is a parking structure next to the stores and it was packed did not have to wait to long for a spot.  Bring water and your walking shoes.
2	I think its to hot in summer months and yet to cold in the winter months to have a outside mall. The parking lots are always and forever extra full you must drive around in circles for what seems like hours just to park your car. Once in the mall or shall I say at the mall you have to walk and walk to get to anything or any place. And I swear people who are here are extra rude they just bump into you and act like they have no home training at all. The people in store are no different. Should u buy something and find issues and take it back they will tell you no you cant exchange it no you can't have a refund. These shops are like a upscale flea market. You can get name brand everything but everything is sold as is. So make sure that your last season items are ok before you decide to exit the store in the first place. I'm glad I'm able to pass on this knowledge to you because lord knows they work on a Got your money and wont give it back kind of deal. Then they push your buttons to see if you will go nuts. If you ask me this mall is a law suit waiting to happen because you don't sell items and have no refund policy or no exchange policy and you don't post it so the buyer can beware.
4	There are 2 outlet centers in Las Vegas, the NORTH and the SOUTH.I've been to both.  If you're from or familiar with Southern California, to compare I'd say the NORTH is similar to Camarillo or Palm Desert.The SOUTH is similar to Ontario Mills or The Citadel.The NORTH is an outdoor shopping area, it has more stores as well as higher end (brand names) stores.  The SOUTH for the most part is an indoor mall, and has a mixture, 'tho if I had to summarize, has more working class type retail stores.Parking is difficult at the NORTH, they have a parking structure that's covered.   Parking seemed easy over at the SOUTH.The shopping clientele seems be comprised of more visiting tourists (and foreign ethnic)  at the NORTH and more locals (and urban ethnic) at the SOUTH. I like the NORTH Premium Outlets, as a male shopper for:Dolce & Gabbana (D&G)TumiLacoste FerragamoCoach (for Men)Marc EckoKenneth ColeIt's outdoors, so when it's hot, it's HOT... but the store are all air conditioned, so gives you good reason to visit the stores and browse.
4	I prefer the North outlets over the South, in terms of store selection. They have more designer stores, such as Theory, Dolce and Gabbana, and Burberry. The food court is pretty basic, but across from the food court is a pretty tasty fudge store. Despite it being an outdoor mall, there's enough shade that you don't get too overheated.
5	My parents were ashamed of me when I was born, "We think he got the waterhead from Diego senior's uncle Pietro," they would often tell friends.How fucked is that?Back then, people didn't use PC terms like 'Hydrocephalic', no, they used the more caustic, 'waterhead'.Actually, as it turned out I wasn't a waterhead baby at all. I just had (have) a large cranial area. One that requires extra large sunglasses. And that brings us to Vegas.Well guess what. Few places carry the elusive 62mm Ray Ban Aviators save for the Sunglass Hut at the Las Vegas Premium Outlets. I now have a pair of sunglasses so big, they manage to conceal: * Unibrow nubbins ( non-shave days) * Bloodshot eyes * Suitcases * Cleavage gawking * Dozing at company events * Skunk-eye * Crow's feet (maybe Eagle's by some standards) * Missing pupils (mine don't just dilate, they expand to the same size as Jupiter * Missing eyelashes (never grew back after last year's Labor Day Barbeque) * Welling up at the end of Dirty DancingI also get my 501's here. They have odd sizes in all fashions. I have "Hydrobooty" too. My parents called it a bubble-butt. I never liked them.
4	2 Nike Dri-Fit T-Shirt for $40
4	Of all the Premium Outlets, this is probably one of the most extensive ones I've been to.  It has all the usual stores but also a lot of the more high-end stuff that I don't see at all outlets: Tory Burch, Kate Spade, Michael Korrs, etc.  I actually found a lot of the stores to be too high-end for me, but there's also a ton of stores that were in my price range as well!  Such a great variety!  And the markdowns were pretty amazing!The drive is about 10 minutes from the strip, but beware of parking.  We went pretty early (11:30am-ish) and the parking structure was PACKED.  There were a line of cars queued WITHIN the parking structure since the aisles are generally one-way, one-lane, so cars get backed up when the front car is waiting for a stall.The rate of a taxi from the strip I think is about $20 per way if I recall.Like most of the outlets, the food selection isn't the greatest.  I'd recommend eating beforehand or planning on going somewhere else after, especially if you're a foodie like me.It's an outdoor mall so be aware of the weather!
3	The Good:decent shops for guys - burberry, boss, quicksilver, AX. a lot of outlets only have the one or two stores you'd go in so its really not worth the trip out.opens later...shops close i think either 8 or 9 pm so normal mall hours.decent selection..so its not all the junk u dont want to buy from a normal store.The Bad:prices are much higher nowadays...its not that much of a difference to go into the regular stores...well, still much cheaper than the Caesar Forum Shops but!!! far away from the strip, so if u didnt drive to vegas, its not worth cabbing it there...but the good thing is that there are a lot of cabs waiting outside of the outlets if a ride is needed back to the hotel..
3	The same as the south but further from my hotel (Cosmo) and outside in vegas heat. If you have time for only 1 Go south.It has air conditioning.
3	Outlet stores just aren't what they used to be. I remember back in the day you would go through racks ala TJ Maxx to find your bargain. Now, these outlets have made for outlets clothes of lesser quality. Sure, you might find a "real" higher quality name brand shirt but it is probably either stained or a 3XL. There are many high end stores here and it does get very busy on the weekends, especially on Saturday. If you want to save yourself the headache, get there right when they open. If you wait until mid day and expect to find parking, it isn't going to happen.  Some weekends are busier, like 3 day weekends and such. There is an ok sized food court with choices like Subway, a pizza place, a Japenese restaurant and a few others I can't remember. There are misting fans that are spread out along the way to cool you off since it is an outdoor mall. The South outlets are trying to compete with the North outlets now, and are starting to get higher end stores there. It will be less crowded at the South outlets because they used to be the Bel outlets and omg we're they ghetto before they were bought out. Some of the oddness remains of the South outlets but at least they are trying. The South outlets are indoors which is nice but can get busy on Sundays while people kill time before catching their flight. But, I was disappointed by some of the prices at the outlets. I went to the Adidas store to look for running shorts and they were $25 and up!  I can get a much better deal at Dicks Sporting Goods clearance racks. I want outlet prices back darn it!
1	Don't every let your daughter apply here... The female staff are rude to them... And then the "boys" that interview, are looking for a date... By the way girls we heard your comment about only hiring males.... And that kids, is against the law..
4	= ALTERNATIVE ACTIVITY IN LAS VEGAS =I had to find some ways to burn off the calories after I stuffed my face at the buffets, and I know for a fact that sitting in front of a blackjack table or slot machine is not going to help much.You can only window shop when you are shopping on the strip, but you can really shop when you are visiting the Premium Outlets.  There are many stores available: Nike, Puma, Oakley Vault, Burberry, Michael Kors, Coach, etc.  There is something for everyone.  I wouldn't say they have the best discount, but anything discounted is better than regular priced, right?  The only downside to shopping at this Outlet is that it is outdoor and it makes me want to melt when I am trying to cover all the stores with my purchases in 110 heat.Overall, I wouldn't say I love it, but this is an outlet worth strolling around if it is not too hot.
4	It's exactly like any premiumo outlet I have been too. The only shop that I don't have back gome is Oliver Peoples. The staff are weary about tourists, which I understand.
4	Nice variety of shops, what's not to like?
4	It's an outdoor outlet in the desert! Lots of my favorite stores to shop at! When we came here, it was super crowded and parking was such a pain. However, there's great deals for shopping.
4	If in Vegas and you have an itch to shop, definitely one of the better stops. Just won a load of cash? Spend it here!A good selection of stores to choose from, and decent inventory. Plus outlet prices. Not a bad shopping location
4	I luckily went here on a day when it wasn't too hot, but if ti had been, it would have been miserable.  With that being said, they have a lot of nice stores to choose from.  I am not big into name brands myself, but I do love me some Juicy Couture and they have a good selection.  Sometimes I just make a beeline for the back of store where the super clearance is at and you can usually find stuff for even better prices.  And no one has to know unless you have snooty friends who actually care what "season" your clothes are from.Also, watch out for tourists from Asia: they are ferocious when it comes to buying purses and carry so many shopping bags that they take up half the walkway.
4	Always enjoy an outdoor mall because while I'm not into shopping, there's plenty of benches so I can relax while the other half goes in and out of his stores.Before going be sure to sign up online for the VIP club because you can print off a coupon before arriving that gets you a booklet with discounts at quite a few of the shops.  Even if you don't have this, the stores here have mostly outlet prices so cheaper than the same ones closer to the strip.When this place is busy it's really no fun (well ok the people watching is pretty great) but it's too full to leisurely walk around.  Tue-Thur are quietest days but regardless get there when they open at 10 because the afternoons are typically too crowded.We use a rental car while visiting Vegas but plenty of people take taxis to this mall and there's always a row of them waiting to take customers elsewhere.
2	Far too many people and long lines both for counters and and fitting rooms. Try find other Premium Outlets for example near Los Angeles.
3	Great outlet with lots of variety. Discounts are not that much but is always a place I must go when in Vegas.
4	Diesel outlet. That is all. Even though I've never bought anything from here...it's just cool to see.The North outlets is definitely much better than the South. Its got more and better stores all around, and looks nicer overall. The only bad thing about it is that it's further away from the Strip than the south is, so be prepared to do some driving to get here.
2	Most of my friends were excited to come here because of the sales, but honestly I didn't find any! At least at the Nike store. Only certain items were actually on sale. I can find cheaper Nike items in different stores. Just sayiinnnggg. There was nothing special about this place. Many stores were messy. -_- I walked around and went into almost every single store and I would rather go to the mall than here.
1	Avoid this mall at all costs right now. They are undergoing construction with only one entrance and one exit and we should have known when first going in to park that it was going to be hell getting out. And no one here seems to care that hundreds of cars are stuck in a parking garage standstill traffic jam wasting precious time in Vegas. Took us over an hour to get out of the parking lot and caused us to miss the rest of our plans in Vegas afterwards. Prices aren't that cheap either - better prices in Los Angeles.
4	Fast alle Marken sind hier vertreten, die man sonst in den Malls findet. Nur zumindest teilweise massiv preiswerter!
3	You need to go to both north and south outlet malls.  I personally like the south outlet mall more because it's not as picked over as this mall.  There's more stores catering to women in this mall, but I found it hard to find a store here I liked that wasn't in the south mall that's better stocked.
4	If you're down with rocking last years style, wallet-conscious and enjoy a good parking garage rage session, welcome to the motherload! There are great brand-name stores here and deals are easy to come by. The layout itself is easy to navigate and the place is always clean. Plus, some stores have multiple locations, so you can catch 'em on either side of the Outlets (unless I'm seeing double). Hungry? There's an AYCE Asian buffet (Makino) and a food court. The perfect spots to hang while your other half does his/her thang. Know this, the parking STINKS. I've had better luck in the southern most lot, but that wasn't the greatest experience either. Prepare to spend an extra 15min getting in.
3	This place is good if the weather permits. If it is super hot or super cold dont go. Its all out doors. I like the south one more because it is indoors.
4	I'll have to admit, I thought this mall would rapidly decline over the past 3 years since I wrote my last review.  With the economic downturn and the overall decline of Las Vegas, I thought for sure it would suffer.  However, I was wrong.  It's time for a review update...All of the Pros/Cons from my prior review still hold true.  The only thing I can add is to the CONS....this mall has a ton of those annoying kiosks that sell perfume, jewelry cleaning, and other stuff....what makes it annoying are the sales people who make cat calls at you as you walk by....it feels like I'm at a Middle Eastern "souk".  I just act like I can't speak English and walk right by them.Besides that one annoying item, it's still a solid place to do some shopping.  There are some great stores here and I'm surprised they didn't leave during the economic downturn.Return Factor - 95%
4	I come here quite a lot for someone who doesn't like outlets.  Usually outlets depress me and make me want to run for the mall.  This outlet is different: the stores are pretty good and the selection is pretty big.  I am usually a little too successful here and end up spending way more than I wanted to.  I tend to go on Sundays, probably one of the busiest days to go.  There are a lot of places that have specials on Sundays.  I usually hit up...Coach: they usually give you a daily coupon for 50% off everything in the store, etc when you walk in.  This store is filled with Asians buying everything before they go home.  I usually come here to get a cute wristlet or wallet for a birthday or xmas present.  I grabbed some sunglasses when I was here last.Coach mens: I haven't gotten any coupons here but it has a good selection of briefcases and wallets that are on sale, good for gifts for my dad and brother.Michael Kors: Haven't bought anything here but I always like to look for any deals on their iphone wristlets.  Most useful thing ever.  Perfect for clubbing.Steve Madden: Help yourself here.  It is like DSW where you just look below the shelf for your size and if they don't have it, they probably have some in the back.  Last sunday they had BOGO 50%!  I got two pairs of heels for $70.  Can't wait to wear them.  I am a shoe lover :)Cole Haan: Nike air heels?  I always check out their wide selection of heels.  I heard they are discontinuing their line with Nike though.Banana Republic: I stock up on my work pants and work tops here.  Sign up for the emails and get coupons!Sometimes I am more successful here than at the mall.  Its a nice outlet t omix into your usual shopping routine.  See ya there on Sundays!
1	The "security guards" are seriously the biggest dicks ever.... The parking is horrendous and they actually TOW THEIR OWN EMPLOYEES OUT OF THE DESIGNATED EMPLOYEE PARKING.  Go to south outlets... At least you know your car will be safe.  Security calls the tow truck drivers to tow their own people... What the hell?  They are rude and no offense, but if there really was a serious situation that would happen at the outlets,  they would be the first to Segway outta there and leave you stranded and helpless.
2	Seems like everything in Vegas is crazy with a capital Z.  The traffic was crazy, the parking was crazy, the crowds were crazy.Unfortunately we had to shop. No, really, it was an emergency.  Brother's wedding reception that night. And that morning we discover in a moment of heart-stopping horror that we left my boyfriend's suit and all his fancy clothes in a garment bag. Hanging in a closet in a motel at the opposite end of Nevada. So. We hit the outlets hard and walked away with a passable sport coat, shirt, etc. Here's some tricks we used to survive:- Follow the taxis. The street lay-out is a maze, the signage non-existent, you'll get lost on your own. Follow the guys who know where they're going.- Skip the parking lot. Use the valet service.- Time to leave? Give the valet dude a big-ass tip, and he'll get your car fast. Time = money.  You either pay with money or you pay with time. Your choice.- Bring your own water bottle. The fountains don't work and the prices are crazy.Crazy!
4	Love, love, love this mall!  Unless you are here for something specific, be prepared to spend hours here!  =)  They've practically got every store you can think of.  Lol. Well almost all.  They've got an awesome all-you-can-eat seafood and sushi restaurant (Makino) here too!Always a must when I'm in the shopping mood here in Vegas!PS: parking garage is adjacent to the mall and valet is available as well.
4	Love this outlet mall! They have a large selection of shops, from high end brands to cheap stuff. I know that some brands tend to make cheaper quality stuff for their outlet sections, but there are still some great finds if you put in the time, and as far as holiday shopping goes, we all have those on our list who care more about the name than the quality, so as long as they're happy it's fine by me! They open pretty early (9am) and they have a steady stream of taxis going in and out of the outlet so for those that don't want to drive you don't have to worry about being stranded if you cab it there! They also have a decent food court and the place is clean and orderly. Great outlet shopping to be had here!
4	I haven't been to too many outlet malls but this one is probably the best out of all of them. It's an outdoor mall and it's not too small or extremely large. It's also pretty easy to navigate once you make a few rounds; I think it pretty much loops around in a complete circle. When we went it was moderately crowded but still able to navigate freely, and it was on a Tuesday afternoon. Parking was okay, although we got kinda lost initially since this was our first time here. They have a 4 story (?) parking deck right next to the mall.They have plenty of stores ranging for MK to Pacsun to Charlotte Russe and everything in between. I was able to find some good deals at GAP and O'Nelil but unfortunately my gf couldn't find anything :(The ratio of higher end/designer stores to your typical chain dept. store was like 10 to 3 so if you're more into that fancy stuff, then this place has many options. There were plenty of good deals going on when we went as well.The only downside is their limited food options.. we ended up just getting an Auntie Annes pretzel that seemed like it was sitting out for a bit..
3	Premium Outlets are Premium outlets. The North is outdoor where the South is indoor.  I think North has better stores than South but that's my preference of stores. You get Kenneth Cole at North versus Quick Silver at South.  But some are duplicated at both.Food court needs improvements. Out of 5 restaurants, 2 are Chinese Panda Express -like. They have other eateries but the food court area only has 5 restaurants.  Needs more variety and/or just more.
5	I'm in shopping heaven!! Usually I'm a little skeptical about going to the outlets. It's just overwhelming and I usually am dissatisfied. We were in Vegas for the Turkey Holiday and we decided to go Black Friday shopping at this outlet. Oh jeez, parking was a nightmare. Hubs just shoved me out of the car so I could shop and he drove off to find parking. So many stores! Where to begin?? Just start walking. This place was so crowded, but it got me excited because there were so many great stores here. Much better than the ones back home in Cali. Kate Spade, Coach, Michael Kors, Columbia, so many more!! All my money went here instead of the casinos. Make sure to stop by before you leave.
3	I had a great shopping experience at this outlet! Everything was affordable and so many sale! DONT GO TO THE ONEILL STORE!!! Rude ass people! I would not step foot in that place again! Rude girl with short hair! She should be fired! And another Caucasian hillbilly coworker cracking jokes and laughing at the customers! Bad bad customer service!!!! Besides that, all the other places were super friendly and great way to shop before the holidays!
5	I love this outlet place.  It's kind of between downtown and the Strip, and not exactly in the greatest area, but I love it anyways.  One of the few outlets I've been to where the stores actually do have worthwhile sales and there are a lot of fantastic stores to choose from (from Ferragamo to Brooks Brothers).In the year that I've been here in Vegas, I've got to admit that I've never had great luck with any Brooks Brothers stores except this one where you can actually get a dress $150 dress shirt for $40 if you hit the right sale.Absolutely love this outlet area.   Have recommended it to all of my friends and family that visit.  Oh, and there's a Starbucks right in the middle in case you need to wind back up for more shopping needs.
5	11.29.13.Grey Thursday/Black Friday deals? Yes please!!There are two parking structures, there's really no difference other than they're on different entrances of the outlet mall; take your pick! If you are planning to go on a busy day because chances are they will both fill up quick!The shops here have improved since the last time I had been here (5-10 years ago)...or perhaps my taste has also changed that much haha. Either way, there is a store for everyone here & prices/sales are usually reasonable/steals!!I would def want to come back again for another infamous sale! I have to say the GT/BF deals were pretty amazing!!Yelp 365 Challenge: #332/365
4	I used to come here when I was little and was never a fan. This place has grown a lot since then. They've added a lot of different stores. The outlet has a different feel since it's outdoor. Honestly, it can be a nightmare during summer because of the heat, but it's nice during the fall.Stores I like to frequent include: Kate spade (they have random 60% off every now and then), Charlotte Rousse, Fossil, Michael Kors, Nike, Pac sunThe parking structure next to Adidas is bigger, so parking is better around there. They're building underground parking and adding to the structure next to Adidas. Hopefully they get done soon. Don't bother shopping the day after Christmas. If you go a couple days before, a lot of stores have the same sale all week.
4	They have Theory and Vince.  That's all that matters.  It's a nice, clean outlet.  Not as big as the Cabazon outlet near Palm Springs or the one down in Carlsbad, but it will do.  One gripe, though... the men's section at Theory/Vince is pretty small.  *sigh*
4	I don't know what's worse...parking at Paragon or parking at LVPO...well...maybe Paragon wins the "better parking" award...only b/c if they run out of actual parking spaces...there's a dirt road conveniently located across the parking lot for you to park your car haha...Anyway, everytime I'm in town, this is my go-to place to shop...I almost never leave this place without a shopping bag in my hand...hahaCame here for the "Day After" Christmas sale...I didn't know they had opened at 0700 that morning--we arrived around 0900, but were very lucky to find parking in the garage which was good...there were a lot of people, but it wasn't overwhelmingly crowded...YET... Went to a lot of stores, but didn't really buy anything only b/c my heart was set on buying a purse either from Tory Burch or Kate Spade...Kate Spade was a win...60% off (on top of that, selected items, which there were many of, were 40-50% off in addition to the 60%)...I got a cute black crossbody with a matching wallet...all for $159 with taxes already included...I say that's pretty damn reasonable given that the purse was originally $250+ and the wallet itself was $100+...of course mom bought a purse and a wallet to go with it as well...our total came to $237...not bad at all!  What's even better? The fact that we came at the most perfect time b/c after an hour or so the line was out the door...not just out the door...out the door, stretching towards the parking lot...wtf??hahaSpeaking of lines out the door...mid lunch time, hoards and hoards of people started coming in...tell me how I couldn't get into Tory Burch...one line was for the people  waiting to get into the store...and the second line was for people to get into the first line to get into the store...like seriously??  As much as I wanted a purse from there so bad...I had better things to do with my time...like eat...that's always good yes? haha...Anyway, definately do come here especially if you're one that likes to shop...but again, make time for parking cuz it is a bizznatch out here haha...it gets so bad to the point security can't even handle it...lol
4	Out of the two outlets here in Vegas, this is my favorite one. Even though I'm closer to the South outlet, I'd still prefer to come to this one. This outlet is the higher end of the two. The other outlet has higher end shops as well, but not as many as this one. This outlet has shops like Kate Spade, Tahari, True Religion, J. Crew and Tory Burch. They do still have the more affordable and typical stores an outlet would have, like Levi's, Nike and Coach. When the weather is nicer in the springtime, it's awesome to just come out here and enjoy the warm weather while shopping. Cons: the parking is aweful!! This is a huge destination spot so you are fighting for parking with the tourists and the 2000+ employees. The parking garage isn't completed yet, so hopefully it'll get better. The heat during summer can be unbearable and this is when people go to the South outlets since they are indoors. Lastly, their food court is pretty lame. Nothing is appealing and there are only 5 or 6 options to choose from. Although there are little snacks spots around the outlet, like ice cream and pretzels. Solid spot to shop!
5	I have never been to such an outstanding outlet mall.  This mall is packed with quality retailers, and I didn't see any vacant spaces for lease.  The mall's website is excellent and has a printable map/store list - you will need it, it is huge!What is even better is that it is services by RTW buses to and from the Las Vegas strip.  This is 2 miles north of Stratosphere.Banana Republic, Seiko, Kate Spade, Burberry and Diesel were some of the memorable and harder to find outlet stores.   There are a few low-end retailers too.
4	Nice outlet mall with nice choices but packed with noisy customers all looking to shop.
4	Won't forget my Boxing Day experience here. Crazy!Phenomenal selection of stores here, with an emphasis on clothing. It's not all big names either; lots to choose from.It's outdoor, which is worth mentioning. More importantly, it's impossible not to pick up a bargain.Poor food options for such a big mall. Get it sorted!
3	Not sure who the genius was to develop an outside mall when the temperature goes over 100 in the summer time.  This seems to be a popular place yet they didn't consider the right amount of parking spaces for the crowds that come here.  Every time I come, I find getting a parking space a real challenge even with multiple garages.  Meanwhile, the shopping center is humongous.  You will need a map, and even with that, you will get lost.  Every conceivable shop is here.  Not sure about the Outlet label since I really didn't see any real bargins here.  But if it's shopping you want to do, then you will be in heaven.  Eating here is limited, even bad, especially now that Makino is gone.  So eat before you get here, bring bottle water in the summer and bring your walking shoes.
2	Horrible! Horrible horrible. Parking is just horrible and especially the food court. I bought pizza from Villa and customer service is ridiculous. They look like they're mad at the freaking world. Cashier girl especially looked like she didn't want to be there and she had a really rude attitude. I mean, isn't customer service suppose to be about attending their customers with kindness. That's pretty much what upset me. My boyfriend as well had a horrible experience with the food court. Besides the food court, I love the prices at SOME stores. I would give this mall a five star rating but customer service is poor.
3	New parking garage is about to open... It's about time!I love this mall - worked here for 2 years, lived only 15 min away. This was my go-to mall even on a day off, I could always find whatever I needed.  Just be sure to get here early, the tourists are amped and ready to go BEFORE the mall even opens. Parking can be beyond awful so again, get there first thing in the AM or about 1-2 hours before closing (if you know you'll be quick, the stores do not stay open for late shoppers).  I'm so happy to see the 3rd parking garage finally opening. It was in the works since day 1 of working there (3 years ago!). Holiday's are brutal, beware! I head to the top floor of garages, but note that it will take forever ... allow 45 minutes for parking at prime rush times.The food court is so-so but I love the Asian restaurant NOT in the food court, they serve beer! Men will love that! Their lunch boxes are cheap-cheap-cheap and enough to share for 2.Pick up a coupon booklet at the info center (where the cabs drop off/pick up) - they are usually $5 unless you have a military ID, AAA card, etc.  Totally worth it, 90% of the stores are in there.Once you are done wandering this mall (you'll need half a day) head south to those outlets, different stores for the most part and it's really growing.
4	My kids & I love to shop at this outlet mall but right now during their parking construction, it creates horrible traffic!! It took us over 30 min just to get out of there on a Saturday afternoon.  They have security trying to direct traffic but it doesn't help at all.Also, the elevators are out of order in the parking garage. If you don't have the patience to sit in traffic after shopping several hours don't come here on a weekend.
5	Love this mall. The food court sucks but it's a food court at a mall, not meant to be fancy. One tip to help you save money.....take the monorail to LVH then at LVH get in their cab line and take a cab to the mall. Your fare should be around $15 plus tip. One time it was 10:05 and Puma had not opened yet. A lady got all belligerent over it. It was shopping and a show.
4	I am basing this review mostly on the trip I took there about 2 weeks ago. I originally gave 5 stars to this outlet because it has three of my favorite stores.1. Tory Burch 2. Michael Kors 3. Kate Spade, but I took one star off because according to my bf's sister the parking is horrendous when it is busy and compared to Hawaii, people in the mainland are even crazier when it comes to limited parking. Also I have been to this outlet during the summer and they have those "mist" machines to help cool you down. Sadly I'm a short girl so in those times of dry LV heat, the mist evaporates before it reaches me. There were lines for Tory Burch and Michael Kors, but we only waited about 7-10 minutes. I found really good deals and used the "I'm on vacation" logic and bought what I pleased hahaha! Well, until we got to Kate Spade and I was reminded that we needed to bring all this back home..They have alot of other stores like Guess, Marciano by Guess, Aldo, Sketchers, Coach, and so much more. They also have a food court and Starbucks. I would recommend this outlet over the one in the South any day! Can't wait to go back !
2	Great stores. Very clean but gets low marks for two reasons. 1 parking is next to impossible. 2 the food court is awful!!New Michael Kors is going in now (can't wait). Coach, gap, the children's place, dress barn just to give you an idea. One last grip..when a store relocates it takes forever and a day for he mall to update the directory. Which I'm sure hurts business. Very clean and love the outdoor atmosphere.
5	Why have I not shopped here before! This mall is seriously awesome. With stores like Guess, Marciano, Juicy, J.Crew, Banana Republic, Joes Jeans, etc etc you will walk away a very happy shopper! I came here recently for a few business casual outfits after discovering this was the last standing J.Crew shop in Vegas and fell in love with the mall. Ive always been an avid Fashion Show girl, but this def comes in a close second. I couldnt believe how cheap everything is. I will no longer be paying $300 for a pair of Joes Jeans hooray! If you can ignore the rude tourists then I highly suggest this place.
4	Everything here is great,  from fashion items to services. All the stores I've been to the customer service has been great. Friendly service with a smile is awesome where ever you can find them. I even hear there's even a plan for a brand new parking area. If they could upgrade the food court then it would be awesome.
3	Sales people were horrible in most stores and they wouldn't honor coupons that I bought at customer service. Katie was great at Max Studio.
4	Las Vegas Premium Outlets has always been the better of the Las Vegas area outlet malls. However, since they have redone the outlets down on the south end of Las Vegas Boulevard and made them into Las Vegas Premium Outlets North the original location has really lost its edge. The store selection here is now only SLIGHTLY better instead of being way better. And the southern location while crowded is not as mobbed as the original. This place has great hours; especially a plus is that it is open late on Sunday (after 6 PM). Considering this is 2014 and the era of internet shopping and a 24-7 town, they often get my business when I need to shop on a Sunday and the malls close early in Vegas. This mall is great for people watching as well! However, this mall is also the 'United Nations' of Las Vegas because it is so overrun with foreign tourists, many whom are rude or stupid and roll suitcases around and shove clothes in them. I guess this is why they sell heavy coats and fleece in many of the stores here considering you will only wear those on a handful of instances during a winter day in Las Vegas and maybe 30 times at night a winter. The only negative about the location is it is not in walking distance to any tourist areas (maybe downtown if you really want to walk) and for locals near the Spaghetti Bowl which is a major mess most of the time due to traffic. If you are on the south end of the valley, try the south outlets or even consider driving to Primm to the Outlet Mall there.
3	Las Vegas Premium Outlet is just alright. I wish it had MORE stores, but I work with what they have. I don't often shop here anymore because parking is horrible and I can't stand shopping when it's hot or too frickin' cold. So this place is definitely the LAST place that I go to for my shopping therapy. The food court is alright... Not too many selections. They have a Dairy Queen, two Chinese food places, Subway, a pizza place, and an up-and-coming Philly Cheesesteak place. They used to have a Makino's here, but that place closed. Would I shop here in the future? Eh, yes but rarely. I only come here for their super discounted prices on high-end brand names. Other than that, I like to feel comfortable when I shop around.. Not sweating my bawls off and feeling gross.
3	This has an excellent selection of stores, much like other Premium Outlet locations.Being here in March means outdoor shopping is great. I would probably subtract stars if this was in August.Since I took a cab here, I didn't witness any of the parking issues that people spoke of but I can totally see how it would be a problem.Discounts among stores are hit and miss. My wife really liked DKNY which had as much as 70% off while other stores either had no sale or had something pitiful in comparison. Why would I go to a factory outlet to save 10% over MSRP? There were even some cases where some items were full-priced.The food court is poor. It has too few selections for such a large mall.Free wifi would have been nice...
2	This place gets packed early like around 11am.  It's an outdoor setup.  Food court isn't very big and I don't think there are any restaurants.  Items aren't that cheap here and yet people had bags and bags of stuff.  There are a lot of tourists that come here.Oh and the customers are very rude and obnoxious.  People walk like they own the entire walk area.  Oddly enough sales staff are very friendly and helpful.  I've never seen so many smokers in a shopping area before but then again this is Las Vegas. Parking sucks. Maybe because it's still under construction.  They have some high end shops.
2	Some sales rep are so rude and don't even wanna greet you reallylook at you and see if they are interested in you I also found the Coach store very out of place needed some organization so far i have to admit it was crowded but it look trashy Michael Kors the ugliest customer service the reps were so  discriminating That is not customer service that just selfish service to provide themselves good commission and if you are not dress they will pass by you completely and not even smileBebe was a way better experience when I went they had good sales ,clean, friendly
2	Nothing impressive here...I've been in 8 of these "premium outlets" around the southern states, and they're really all the same. If you're looking for a bunch of fashion stores that pretend to lower their prices and sell you last seasons collection, then you're in the right place.No seriously, the sketchers "outlet" had 40-70% discounts on their shoes, but they had the exact same prices as the normal sketchers store inside Vegas... Seriously bulls**t as usual.
5	Coach was having a sale this day. More than 50 percent off. Got my mom a great bag and purse.
4	My wife loved this! I understand people complaining about it not being that cheap when you compare it to other outlet malls but for tourists it IS cheap. esp. when you compare it to european stores or some of the flagship stores around the US. We did shopping at Adidas, ecko unltd, hot topic, nike and some more stores, all with a great selection of goods (only exception here was nike, where we found absolutely nothing) and helpfull staff.
1	Parking is impossible. They should Pay you to wait for a parking spot. The Mall management must be nuts! They tore down a parking lot to add more store, when one can't park Now! News flash: outlet sale items are crap, not the same quality as an item found in Dillard's or Macy's. The junk is made just for the outlet.  No sit down restaurant. Stick to the sales at a real shopping center.
5	btwn here and the South location, this one is much bigger and its an outdoors outlet mall. There are plenty of stores and have all the main anchor stores such as Nike, etc. Very clean and open. Plenty of area to get dropped off at and there is plenty of public transportation stops as well.
5	By far the best service I have received in...Forever!! I was in search of a LeSportSac backpack (Polynesian Paradise pattern) and it was SOLD OUT on-line, so I contacted the LV outlet store and spoke w/ Alyssa. She knew exactly what item I wanted and said it was in stock and 40% off what I would have paid elsewhere. Glorious!!! She shipped my item that day and I received it the following day! Wow, that was fast!!!! She even included a nice, hand-written "Thank You" note! I'm impressed!!!  All stores & customer service personnel, "TAKE NOTE!" This is how a GREAT store is run & done! Thanks Alyssa & LeSportSac! You guys are awesome!!! If I had a megaphone, I would announce it to the world...good thing there's YELP! LOL! ;)
3	This is better than the Premium Outlets - South.  With a better selection of stores and facilities.  Asics running shoes, Ferragamo, Burbery, Kate Spade, etc...
5	Great stores at this spot, just a short drive off The Strip...great boutique outlets like Ferragamo, Armani, Tahari, Levi's, Ted Baker... If you are a total fashionista/fashionisto, plan to spend a few hours since you'll want to take your time going through all the merchandise.  The food options aren't great, but, then again, you don't come here to eat...
3	Huge outlet about 10 min drive north of vegas. It's an outdoor one and there are lots of stores like Nike, Juicy, Pacsun, Vans, Gap, Coach, Tory Burch, etc. There wasn't much of a sale going on Mother's day weekend and the size of the shops are actually pretty small compared to other outlets. Overall I'd say it isn't worth your while to go out of your way here. I actually prefer the Indoor outlet at Primm or the outlet near the airport
5	Had  VIP coupon book thumbs up to Kate Spade store they honor the coupon even after extra 40% off but coupon not work at Michael Kors  store
5	OMG! Vegas the unofficial "ninth island"as we locals like to call it!! For me is also my shopping heaven!As soon as I stepped foot on the grounds of the outlets, my heart skip a beat for pure happiness and yet sank shortly after because I did not have enough luggage space!!!This outlet is so amazing!!! So many famous and high-end brands at half the cost!  Was super excited to get some new Tory Burch flats and the cutest side bag from Vince Camuto! Let's just say I left there very very happy.  A grin from ear to ear!  As much walking done and excitement it was to shop, sometimes you tend to forget the Vegas heat!  There isn't much shaded areas but the welcoming cooling AC entering the store makes you forget about the heat again! Much H2O needed when coming, so make sure you got yours! Big Tip: Wear comfy shoes and cool clothes! As for food, they have a small food court and vendors through the stores. The food court can get very busy through the day.  Luckily, my girlfriends and I decided to eat at a nearby cafe.  More healthier choices and intimate setting to dine and chit chat.
4	pros...if you are interested in doing some shopping then this is one of those places that you need to visit while you are in vegas.  the outlet store is a bit off the strip, but well worth the trip.  large parking lots around the mall.  and a lot of stores for just about everyone.  we were in search of some workout clothes and my buddy was after some new golfing clothes as well.  with lots of sports stores we were kept busy: nike, adidas, reebok, izod, and a whole list of other stores.  just walk around and you can find most popular stores and brands. cons...parking is crazy here, just a ton of people going to this mall.  prices are still a bit high for an outlet mall, but selection is good.
4	Always find a good bargain.  The food court is nice too. Enjoy coming here to enjoy shopping and sunshine when i visit Las Vegas.
5	Parking can be hard at times. They have two parking garages and they fill up quickly.
5	HUGE HUGE HUGE. this place has almost everything!!!  Even great places to way in the food court. Misters going in the summer so that makes the outside shopping more bearable. I sober too much money but can't wait to go back !!
4	Even though I didn't really find anything here, the sales people were super nice. Unlike their sister store Ann Taylor Loft. They greeted me upon arrival and didn't give me attitude when I only bought two items. It's hard to shop in this store and try things on because it didn't feel like the AC was on. They usually have a good selection but this time around I didn't find that much. Oh well. Save it for the next trip to LV.
3	This specific outlet has better stores than the one on the south side of the strip and has the out door shopping environment which I like. I know they are working on the parking garage but it seems that there is always a back up when it comes to parking and you are sitting in traffic for what seems like forever. I also feel the human beings act differently Not sure why but i had some "strange" experiences with some travelers here.
5	I LOVE coming to this outlet when I'm in town.  I always find great sales.  Parking can sometimes be a hassle when trying to find one under roof covers. Also, the elevators are super slow and stuffy..especially with the Vegas heat.  But still worth going to shop there!
4	This particularly outlet is located just north of the Las Vegas strip. The outlet has added a parking light indicator similar to the Cosmopolitan but I believe it is not fully functioning yet.Of all the outlets I've been to so far, this place has the most variety of stores for my personal tastes. Some stores off the top of head were: Adidas, Nike, Puma, Calvin Klein, Kenneth Cole, Timberland, Nautica, Asics, Bose, Hugo Boss, Banana Republic, Starbucks, Merrill, Wilson's Leather, 7 for Mankind, etc.
5	I absolutely love this outlet mall. It is located just North of the Las Vegas Strip. Great parking and a huge area where taxis can drop you off and pick you up at. Some of my favorite stores are coach.. juicy.. Tommy hill... MK of course :) among many others! One summer I got 6 designer purses for under 500.00. Amazing!!
4	Pro's -  Best outlet shopping I've ever experienced.  Got both a Coach and Dooney Bag for under 100.00 each.  Tank tops at Banana Republic for 4 bucks.  Got my son some shirts for 5 bucks each and some dress clothes from Gap for under a 100 bucks for two shirts and two pants.  Husband got two Quicksilver shorts for 50 bucks.  We could have done a lot more damage but our time was limited.Con's -  It was hot!  But then it was our choice to travel to Vegas in the middle of July.  There were busloads of foreign tourist who push and shove their way around the place, especially in the Coach and Dooney store.  At the Dooney store this lady was giving the salesgirl a hard time because she couldn't use this coupon she had for an additional 10% off on a particular item.
3	Not a bad outlet, but not my favorite either. We had some time to kill, and that's all this ended up being: a time-sink. Parking is difficult to find, especially during peak hours. I don't see a whole lot of variety in the stores, and there wasn't a lot that appealed to me. I've seen better outlets.
4	I think the North outlet has better stores than the South outlet.  My major complaint is that it's outdoors. And in Vegas, temperatures go past 110 degrees.  Even with the misters, I cannot stand the walk from the parking structure to the stores and in between the stores.  Parking is another issue as well. It's so crowded that you might not find a spot until you circle all the way up to the top level of the structure!My favorites here: Burberry, Michael Kors, Tory Burch, Kate Spade, etc. Selections at these stores are pretty comparable to those of the premium outlets in other locations.  If you go to the information center, you can buy a coupon book for $5!
5	Every time we visited Vegas, we ended up here every freaking time for whatever reasons, and we ended up turning the trip into a shopping spree here.  I actually started shopping here when the parking garage did not even exist many years ago.  It was amazing to see them adding a new section and built two parking garage, and expanded one of them lately.  Despite the parking nightmare, they added these ceiling lights telling you if a parking is available, so you do not end up circling on one floor forever in busy parking lot traffic.  They have bus route from the strip to here if you wish to save the pain.If you walkthrough this place and did not end up buying one thing, then you really suck at shopping.  Something will always get you...  Whether it was Nike for shoes, clothes from Gaps to the Armani, purses from Coach, wallets, kids' stuff from Carters or Disney store, other designer brand stores, or maybe just Starbuck in the food court area and they accept Starbuck gift cards.The Vegas North Premium Outlet is definitely one of my favorite places to spend those gambling wins.  Often enough, I found the same item cost a lot less here if they were sold in the same store on Strip.
5	Love the Hanes store there, I get all my undies there. The prices are good and they always have sales. I'm a loyal customer as long they are open.
4	Love it here, great stores and even better prices ! There are just so many annoying rude tourists everywhere.
4	Went to the Coach Store. They have a large selection and everything is almost half of the original price. The store was very crowded with tourist so its hard to get to look at everything. There is no waiting for checkout. The staff is very helpful. Parking is crazy. It took me 30 min to find a parking space. I recommend you come early for easy parking and to avoid the crowd.
5	This is probably my favorite outlet center in the country.  They have a good variety of high and lower end stores to suit anyone's preference.  And no matter what you're looking for, they will most likely have it. From clothing to shoes to bags, you really can't go wrong here.  I come here on every Vegas trip.  It's a little pricy getting there from the strip if you cab it.  There are free shuttles from the Grand Chateau for hotel guests that run every hour.  Other hotels may have similar services so it's something to look into if you're visiting and don't have a car.
3	Selection here is good (they have well-known brands), but the prices aren't very competitive! Kind of defeats the purpose of an outlet mall. If I wanted to spend $80 on a shirt, I wouldn't bother coming here...I would buy it at home.On the upside, it's a nice walk.
4	I personally think  that this outlet is better than the South outlet. Only reason I dock off a point is because it is an outside outlet and can get super hot.
5	This outlet location has gotten better in so many respects in the past few years. These days they have a great selection of quality store. It seems very clean, they have misting systems in some locations & more security than they had in the past. Wish they had a big & tall mans outlet here, Lane Bryant & Niemans or Nordstroms. All in all it is a great experience these days with a nice food court & even an Orange Julius:)
3	All the Outlets we've been to basically offer the same goods with the same name brand stores. Take heart. Deals CAN be had. All you need I'd time, patience, endurance and most of all cold hard cash. Go for it.
4	The covered parking is a big plus because it gets so damn hot in Vegas.  The open air floor plan isn't so great but at least they installed the misting poles & beverage vending machines throughout the mall.  They seem to have better stores (brands) than the one on the other end...South Premium Outlets.  The food court is better too.
2	I've to lots of outlets this by far has rude security guards .....not allowed to wait in car for my spouse to get off work .....So moved to a more convenient spot but apparently a no go.....any other outlet is cool with me waiting in the car with my kids.....other than the outlet has lots of good stores walk around looking for you need the only other bad thing is that's its a out door mall so be ready for the heat
5	Always the outlet to go to when in Vegas. Don't waste your time at the South, just come straight North.Got great deals on Puma (40-70% off), Michael Kors, Marciano, and the list goes on! Spent a solid $600 here. lol
4	There really are some great stores in this location with great prices!  There are several that I stop in several times a year as a local.  The walkways and facilities seem to always be pretty clean when I'm there. It's also great that there are multiple parking garages/areas considering these shops get high traffic volumes. These shops are a great addition to the Downtown LV area, and I hope they stay well maintained for many years to come.  I enjoy that this mall is safe, affordable, and enjoyable.
5	awesome shopping mall, you can find everything you want just in a mall, and of course it's outlet, very good prices :))all the shop are super friendly, super cute. they also help you to find the size in another outlet near by and let you know everything you want :)
4	It looks like they finally managed the parking problems! At least on a weekday. Don't know how it works out in the weekends but there is an extra parking garage at the south side of the outlet.The outlet is completely outdoors. So hot in summer! They spray water, but not enough to withstand the dessert heat. So if that bothers you, go to the south location that is indoors and airconditioned. Compared to the south location you'll find 70-80% the same stores. The rest is more high end than on the south location. In the last years the outlet has been expanding, and it looks like they still are. So enough options. There is a below average foodcourt but the're also soda vending machines and yesterday I noticed two food trucks. Can't be worse than the foodcourt. The're is a Starbucks with wifi. The outlet offers no wifi.
5	Shopping is my cardio!!!I love to shop and when I'm in town to visit my brother and his girlfriend. I always make a point to stop at this outlet. They have more selection on the designers that I love and the deals are always there no matter what time of the year I'm there. My husband and I travel to LV at least 3 times a year. It does get hot during the summer as we all know which is the downfall of the outlet being out doors, but that never stops me from shopping here, just go right when they open :)
4	Lots of walking.  4 stars because the bathroom was super gross.  But everything else was great.  Shopping from bargains to luxury.
4	This outlet has stores I love. The only thing this place needs is more places to sit and they NEED a family restroom where you can breastfeed a baby and change a diaper.
1	Dont be fooled by this outlet price is way too high if your gona drive and waste your time money and gas knock yourself out this place blows and suck ass ive seen the same clothes and shoes at nordstrom rack right by my house for a lot cheaper and close to my house lolz
5	Great deals here! If you have AAA membership, you can go to the information booth to get a coupon book for free! Otherwise, if you want one you need to pay $10 for one. Bought a whole bunch of items from belts, shirts, polos to purses and wallets. Great deals and sales! That's what an outlet is meant for!
4	Great place for your one stop shopping and eating they have a wide variety of stores to shop from with pretty good decent prices all around for most retail stores, only thing I hate here is the parking it's a absolute mess.
3	It's a one stop shop in the sun , if you must have a brand. Put on your walking shoes and bring some cold water.Most of the merchandise is made specifically for the outlet, never sold in a full price store. Many stores cater to the tour bus crowd so sizes tend to be petite and small... Be sure and try on everything before you buy, some stores don't give refunds or exchange.stop at the information center to see if the outlet cards will give you an additional discount.
5	I always find something good here.  I can't stand the Premium Outlets near Palm Springs or the Camarillo spot.  Way overcrowded and stupid lines everywhere.  I'll save my shopping trips for this outlet.
2	if you want to buy better stuff go to Fashion Show Mall , wait for a holliday or sales ... better quality better stuff better everythingthis outlet is more like a trap , it only makes you think you get a bargain but in reality you only get out of fashion left overs :)Peace and love !
4	I only gave it 4 stars because I usually end up buying wonderful things I don't need, but have to have. Oh well. And the fruits popsicle dude isn't there in the winter time.
3	Decent outlet mall with mostly higher-end options. Location is under construction so some businesses are closed and parts of the parking lot are a bit of a disaster, recommend using the garage.Despite the brand-name stores (Coach, Michael Kors, Kate Spade, Ann Taylor, etc), the mall itself is on the run-down side and not in the best area of town, either. Expect to run into a lot of foreign shoppers who are nearly rabid and salivating over the sale prices, with no courtesy- cutting you off, snatching up things you're looking at, etc. If you don't want to deal with that, maybe go elsewhere.Lots of sales here, being that it's an outlet but definitely make sure you're getting a good deal before buying- many of the locations have minimal markdowns, while others have 20 on top of 50% deals regularly. Just shop wisely and make sure to inspect condition of items before purchase, many places have small-print all-sales-final policies.
4	Pretty neat outlet with many neat stores all around. Went to just polo and burberry and bought a lot of their stuff due to the right sales and price. There were a lot of stores but felt like only some were just there to fill the space, but it was still a fun adventure to look around.
4	Black Friday Review:I would NOT taxi there if you can avoid it, the line for a taxi at the end wrapped around and very far back. It was way longer than any of the lines to get inside the popular stores!I have been going to Vegas for awhile and I'm surprised I haven't been here before now! It is about 10 min north of the strip. Of course the traffic getting into the parking structure and finding a spot took awhile but my dad dropped us off to get started while he took care of that :)We headed to the food court first to fuel up for the busy day instead. There is a Chinese place, Subway, pizza/spaghetti, philly cheese steak, and a salad place. There is outdoor and indoor seating. It was packed as hell, but the Chinese food wasn't half bad! The outlet itself looks rather small from the outside, but once inside, there are actually a bunch of stores! The directory was super helpful because there are so many twists and turns. A part of it is also still under construction...Worthy mentions: Banana Republic, J Crew, Kate Spade, Ann Taylor. I get a lot of business clothes for work, if you can tell. They had 50% off everywhere! The Kate Spade long was prob the longest but they had 50% off everything PLUS an additional 20%!! They even give a handy price list so you know exactly the sales total including tax. Other long lines were for Michael Kors and Tory Burch. I don't know if the discounts are usually this good, or it was just on steroids for Black Friday, but I def love the selection of stores here!
4	Nice bustling place, full of tourists and foreigners (Croatians, Central Americans, Australians, Chinese, Korean, Filipino, etc.) speaking their native tongues. Yep, world travelers make our economy great! And most are ready to spend lots of cash and credit. There's even a guy at a center plaza playing some ethnic Chinese, dream-like music. I noticed a lot of people buying bags and rolling luggage. Are they really that more of a bargain here in the US?Stores that I thought had good deals was the Timex store and the Nike outlet. Now if you want the best of the best an have $$$$, go to the Bally outlet, and find some limited sizes for Men's fine shoes. Yes, they are still $500-$600, down from $900-1,200, and they are exquisite AND made in Switzerland, yep from Schweizverein, so to speak. NOPE, not made in Italy as most Bally's are. Time goes fast here, best to identify where you want to go first then hit all stores pertinent to you.
4	10 minutes away from the strip on the freeway and maybe 5 minutes from downtown Las Vegas. They have a lot of stores and selections: a bit of everything. I came here in December so it's holiday shopping season and it's busy. I can't say for regular months. The outlet looked clean and well maintained. There's plenty of parking spaces and valet parking.
4	Good variety of stores, including a few premium stores if that's your style.This place was busy (as expected) on Black Friday and there were pretty good sales going on.We found parking in the garage, but closer to the top of the roof. Their garage is even premium showing how many spots are free. But it's a tight fit going in and out.Shop here before spending all your money at the blackjack tables.
5	This is a very nice place to find any clothing you can never think of from any brand install the pricing is very depend on what you want to buy. Your tourist and you come to town to the right place for you to find the best deal from all the different stores. very recommended
3	I've been to a lot of outlets in my day. This one is pretty good and was open on Christmas Day. However I wish that they would have advertised that not all stores are open on Christmas! Quite a few were closed.The parking garage is a little crazy so I would drive with caution.
4	lots of shopping came to buy thingsdodged asian tourist to get to storesspent money - would do again
1	This place is out of control and the parking is terrible. Since our last visit, they added another parking structure, but it's still awful. Every time one person waits for a car to back out (after taking five minutes to put in the baby seat), the entire line of cars going in gets held up. They added the red/green lights to help you find a parking space, but many of them are broken - you'll chase down the one false green light only to find someone parked in it because the magnet is broken. I used to like coming here for Nike and Banana, but now everything just seems like regular price. Nike used to have shoes at outlet prices (mine were $49.99), and now everything is $80-$120. It's the unideal combo of retail prices with Outlet frustrations. Good luck with the fitting room line at Banana. This used to be a place we always stopped by on any Vegas trip, but this has really gone downhill.
4	If you're debating to shop at the North vs South Premium Outlets, then this would be my outlet of choice. The South Outlets feels depressing, more run down, and lacks in variety of stores. This outlet does not have fancy architecture or anything, but you're only coming here for sales and deals here anyways :)There are always sales or deals in the North Outlets, don't go too crazy like the Asian tourists who lug around traveling bags full of purchases haha.I like their American Apparel and True Religion here. They also have a lot more name brand, high-end stores compared to the South outlets. I'm not into handbags, accessories, and all that name brand stuff but my famry always end up with lots of shopping bags at North, but usually walk away with nothing at South.The food here is okay, not the best, they have a lot of good eateries downtown nearby if you're really hungry. Food can be overpriced and not even good at the outlets. Another downside here is that it is outdoors :( Expect very cold winters or hot summers during the seasons. Driving and parking here is still hectic but at least parking has improved over the years - they added a parking garage with light bulb thingies on top that lights up red if a car already parked, or green if space available just like the Cosmopolitan's self-parking garage.
