5	I went to MoJo in the new City North last night and found my favorite yogurt shop in town.  The best thing about it is that you can serve yourself. There are about 8 flavors to choose from and you get one big cup and put in as much of each flavor as you like. At the end you pay the amount depending on the weight of the cup.  Last night I mainly had the chocolate and added a little mojo tart on the top. Then the next best part is you can choose from fresh fruit, cereal(captain crunch, fruity pebbles,),marshmallows, m and m's and many other toppings. I was able to add a little captain crunch , marshmallows and gummy bears. It is great because you can put on as much or as little as you want.  The only thing that I think they should add are the always popular sprinkles.  Be prepared to wait in a line because it is band new and it is delicious!
3	This new yogurt place at CityCenter of CityNorth is a nice addition to the area.  It's a do-it-yourself place, so you grab a cup, head to the yogurt machines, dispense however much yogurt you want, then put on your own toppings, put it on the scale, and pay by weight (39 cents/oz.).  Now, about the yogurt.  The flavor variety is a little disappointing.  They have original tart (a la Pinkberry, in LA, or Ice Tango, in AZ), pomegranate tart, vanilla, chocolate, strawberry, and OJ.  Flavors may change, but this is what they had when I was there.  The "regular" (i.e. non-tart) yogurt flavors were just okay -  I would make the trip to Golden Spoon instead, as they have the best and most variety of flavors.  But the tart flavors were very good - pomegranate was delicious, and the original wasn't quite up to Pinkberry standards (a little too icy, more like sorbet, although I prefer that to too creamy in a tart flavor), but still good.  They have a nice selection of toppings (fresh fruit, nuts, cereal, mochi, some other British stuff I'd never heard of), although it's always a little scary having it self-serve (salad bar style) so it sits out for people to get their germs on your food.  Overall, I think this place will do well, if for no other reason than it's the only yogurt place in the area, but I actually enjoy their tart flavors and toppings very much!
4	Did you lose your MoJo?  Get your MoJo on and more... (OK - maybe I just like saying MoJo)... MoJo - MoJo - MoJo - OK, really... I finally made my way to City North last night, and after celebrating a couple of friends birthdays at Kona, we stopped by MoJo for some FroYo.  Allyson B's review got me excited about it and it didn't let me down!  If Jared didn't stop me, I probably would've served myself a $20 serving, but we decided to share and we did a twist of the traditional MoJo Tart with No Sugar Blueberry.  We topped it with yogurt chips, raspberries, and mochi - it was delicious!  Total price for our medium sized serving was $4.14.  I thought that was fair.Caitlyn was the girl working - she was cute and sweet and colorful just like the store itself!  We learned that the rotate flavors and toppings daily.  I was impressed by how clean the topping station was considering it's serve yourself.  My only complaint was that it's a tiny little shop and there is no indoor seating.  I'm probably the only one that gets cold in AZ and would prefer indoor seating on certain nights, so it's not that big a deal.  I'll definitely be back to get my MoJo on next time I'm in the area!
4	My dad and his family took me here on Thanksgiving weekend after grabbing lunch on a Sunday afternoon.  It's obviously a popular spot, and I can see why.  Tasty yogurt, a good selection of toppings, and a decent price.  I think all four of us ate for under $20.  This location is in a new outdoor mall called CityNorth, so we had some good window shopping to do while eating our yogurt.  I can see why my family likes it so much.
3	Since I live over by this yogurt shop, I have visited it more than I care to count :) Obviously I like it very much. I agree with everyone's reviews below - its very tasty. The only downsides I would mention is that it's a tiny shop and they don't have as much of a variety of flavors as some other shops. Also, because they only have one size for the containers I tend to LOAD up :) Good thing I'm a runner. If you're in the area, definitely check it out...but I would also suggest Yogurt Builderz if you're around Scottsdale and Thunderbird.
5	Ok so I thought Yougurberry was THAT FIRE of the frozen yogurt community. But not so! Mojo is the best I have had since Pink Berry in Hollywood. This place is a self serve joint that has a variety of flavors. They have tart flavors and regular. My favorite is the boring plain, but they have a 'cookie' flavor that is like a grey color that taste like a puree of a Oreo Blizzard. It seriously taste amazing. The decor of this place is really rad. Wood panel walls with orange accents. There is only room for like 4 people to sit in-store. Which sucks when its so F'n cold outside. But we got there during a down time and got  to sit down.
4	Very Delicious! Very Cute! My husband and I deceided to check out City North this evening. As we were walking along what will one day be a very happining place we stumbled upon MoJo. The space itself is small but very adorable. We were newbies so I tried 3 different flavors - Vanilla, Chocolate and Cookie with various toppings. By far the Cookie was the best. I liked that it was a self serve and that you pay by the weight of your bowl. The only down side was there is only a little lounge seating inside. It was a bit chilly out tonight for us to eat something so cold outside. We will for sure visit again but maybe when it warms up.
5	I've been to this yogurt shop twice. The first time I thought it was great and the second time (which was today) I thought it was great. Sure it's self serve and the cups are HUGE. It's like man this could be dangerous when you first walk in and see the cups. But like anything else....moderation is a good thing. It is a small location with VERY little seating. So don't plan on hanging out in this place (there is a Retro looking couch and two chairs inside and then two tables outside). There are however around City North benches that you can walk to....... The Yogurt is very good. I've been to other Yogurt places and the Yogurt here is creamy (some yogurt places have ice bits or over freeze the yogurt) and have a unique selection of flavors. No you don't get 31 flavors.. I think there are about 8 flavors to choose from. In my two visits I had the Chocolate (my son's favorite), Vanilla, and Mojo Traditional Tart with a mix of Strawberry Tart. All delicious in my humble opinion. By the way my mother-in-law had the Pomegranate during our first visit and raved about it (it wasn't there on the second visit to my disappointment). As for the toppings you get unique selections, different from other yogurt shops. You get the option of fresh fruit like Kiwi and mix berry to Pebbles Cereal and this thing call Strawberry Mochi. Of course you get your traditional items like nuts, gummy bears, and mini M&M's. Oh by the way the kids give this place two thumbs up!!! It's a simple place. Don't expect to get a ton of variety, more unique and delicious offerings. Next time I go.....I am trying a Smooooooothie....
4	No competion for this place!! I freaking love the yogurt here. It is icey which I love love love. Its actually really tangy but not in a sick way. Its set up like a salad bar, as in you add all your own toppings and yogurt and pay by weight. Which you would figure would be expensive.. not the case.The most genius thing is... they have the outside of those delightful Mochi Ball things as a topping. doughy goodness...AWESOOOOMMMEE (meant as singing)all the berry flavors are good. only complaint is, it is tough to taste the flavors before you put them in your self serve bowl.
4	Mojo Yogurt is yet another frozen yogurt offering among the many.  This one however does so with a twist, it's self-serve.  This is a good and bad thing.  For those who like to control the amount of topping you have, it's great.  For those who are indecisive or lack the ability to guesstimate the weight, this is bad.  Mojo has a wide array of flavors available.  Here is the full list: Original Tart, Green Tea, Tart Strawberry, Passionfruit, Pomegranate, Wild Strawberry, Wild Blueberry, O.J., Mango, Lemon, Banana, Chocolate, Cookie, Vanilla, Latte, Plain, Bubblegum, Pistachio, Mint, Kahlua, Root Beer, and then there are even sugar free and fat free varieties.  To be indecisive and placed in this shop would be an awful situation.  It's best to go in here with a plan.  As for toppings, they offer something a little bit different than other yogurt places.  The options here are mostly fruit or candy with a few crunchy toppings thrown in for good measure.  I really like this place because I can make my ratio of yogurt to toppings 1:1.  Woohoo.  My husband won't ever go back here because he doesn't like the system of paying by weight.  Oh well, there is always Yogurberry for him.
1	I can't stand this place.  Yet another yogurt company capitalizing on the FroYo craze of 2008 and this one is terribly executed.  Most of the places operate in a normal order-person fills order-pay-eat format.  Not MoJo.  They, for whatever reason, want to be different.  This means it is self-service almost the whole way through.  You wait in line for a machine that puts out the flavor of yogurt you want.  Then when you get there, it is usually blinking and telling you that you have to wait for it to freeze up.  Once you get a decent amount of yogurt, it usually tells you that you have to wait again because it has to refreeze.  10 minutes later, you have filled a cup comparably to what you usually get at a Full Service Yogurt place.  You then are given the ability to top it off with a tray of condiments similar to the breakfast bar at Holiday Inn.  Of course, you have no idea where those spoons have been and can almost guarantee that some 5 year old licked his yogurt, then stuck the spoon in it as he was pouring too many M&Ms on his frozen treat.  So you top off your yogurt in a manner similar to what you would find elsewhere and move to the next station.You have no reached the end where you finally interact with a human.  This person then weighs your creation (mind you it is the exact same as one you would get at a full service yogurt place) and then he tells you that it will be $15.  I'm sorry what?  $15 for yogurt.  This size is $5 at every other yogurt place and you want three times that?  When I did all of the work?  Oh no.These places are such a ripoff.  It costs them $0.08 per ounce of this stuff.  Unless you are covering it with caviar, macadamia nuts, and gold leaves - it isn't worth what they charge.
3	Mojo is a nice treat in the spring or summer and a good excuse to take a stroll on the sidewalks of CityNorth. However, the teenagers that work there are not very customer service oriented, the yogurt is just satisfactory, and the serve-yourself-and-weight-it-later concept can come with a scary price tag.That being said, it's still an good alternative to Cold Stone, and the decor is very "Clockwork Orange."FYI - ask for sample cups so you can test the yogurt. They no longer keep them out because kids were coming in and filling up on samples and then bailing.
4	I can't remember the last time I had frozen yogurt. Either it was big back in the day and kinda went on hiatus or I just haven't been paying attention. Either way, we went to Mojo the other night and WOW! so amazingly good. I love the "make your own" style and selection options. My favorite is the Lemonade yogurt with fresh blueberries. Push the little blues down into the yogurt so they freeze up, so tasty! Great place to swing by and grab a treat. We have become regulars. Stroll Down City North, stop at Press Coffee and Mojo and enjoy yourself. :)
1	Tried Mojo for the first time last night and it was seriously the worst fro-yo I have ever had. The four flavors I sampled all had a very odd artificial taste. I "tapped" the mochi pieces and they were hard and crusty (they should be soft).
5	Hands down the best yogurt shop in the valley. I've tried several, and this one is awesome. They have the freshest toppings, and their tart flavor is delicious. My husband swears that both their chocolate and their vanilla are better than any of the competition. One question though: Why the tip jar? Do you tip at Baskin Robbins (where they actually scoop your ice cream for you) or at any other place where all they do is take your money?? I don't get it, but I love the yogurt!Oh yeah, one more thing: Beware their giant bowls. It's really easy to get carried away, and with the weight of toppings and all, (at 39 cents per ounce) we generally end up spending about $8 for two.
4	Yummy.  Surprisingly busy given the fairly dead location (City North is never busy).  This one is a little smaller than the others springing up around the Valley, but they should have at least one flavor you'll enjoy.  On the flat-screen: Transformers (the Michael Bay movie).
5	Delicous!!  I wish there were one closer to my house in North Phoenix!There's always a lot of different options to choose from for yogurt and for the toppings.  And it always looks super busy, but I've never really had to wait in any type of line.  I'm always in and out.
5	I tell you whay I love this place, one is delish...two, my kid has type 1 diabetes and we can actually take it there with no worries to eat, because they have choices for her.  I love the look, the location everything about it...I think we need more locations... cause the one we go to is rather far, though we love the Biltmore, is a trip...how about a location in Glendale?
4	I heart thee Mojo... you make every day that much brighter. Who doesn't love the "choose your own adventure" yogurt?I became a fan of Mojo when I moved back to AZ. A frequenter of Yogurtland, Mojo quickly became my new found hot spot. With creative flavor names like "White Boy Vanilla" and loads of great toppings, I am willing to pay the additional 5 cents an ounce. Maybe it's the fun and bright colors that make me forget it's more, or the friendly service, or the tie dye Tuesdays where if you wear tie dye your get a discount. I don't know, but whatever it is, it's working.Today I was at the location and it was quite crowded, but the staff was still extremely friendly and the yogurt tasted delicious. (btw, the yogurt is some of the best I have ever had). On a hot summer day, this is the place you will find me. White Boy Vanilla with Reeses and I am in heaven... Hippie yogurt heaven. :)
4	I love Mojo Yogurt! They always have a lot of flavors and toppers to pick from. I was able to get four yogurts for $10 this weekend! I also like that they have a non dairy flavor most of the time too! Try the smoothies they are very good! This is a fun place to get dessert after dinner in City North. On Saturday they were open until 11 p.m.
4	This place is great! I've never been a fan of froyo, but this stuff is tasty! I tried the skinny strawberry and topped it off with mango, strawberries, blueberries, and Fruity Pebbles. I got the quart size (yeah, i was asking for a tummy ache, but it was worth it.) I love how it is self-serve, and you can pile whatever you want on there. It's a bit pricey at 39 cents/ounce, but if you go to their website you can print a buy one get one free coupon.
4	Um, seriously?  YUM!Stopped in to Mojo at City North after a visit to the Musical Instrument Museum.  Warm day + bad case of the munchies + mommy + 3-yr-old = great excuse to get our Mojo on.We shared a medium cup with chocolate/vanilla swirl, topped with strawberries and chocolate chips.  YUM!  I had a difficult time not devouring the entire thing.  The fruit was really fresh and the topping area was incredibly clean.  This could become a serious addiction.I heart you, Mojo!
5	How I miss my Phoenix Mojo!  you pick the yogurt, toppings, and size, no simping on the fresh fruit or mochi...This really is as good as it gets!
2	Not sure what exactly they serve here. I certainly wouldn't call it frozen yogurt...I guess if you mixed a slurpee, ice cream and yogurt and made them taste like pasty, icy soft-serve you would have Mojo's version of "frozen yogurt".It doesn't help that it's ridiculously over-priced and you really have no way of knowing that the yogurt is going to cost you $7-13 (compared to $2-4 at Golden Spoon) until you get to the register where they weigh your self-served yogurt & toppings then empty your wallet.Also definitely not a fan of the self-serve toppings. How many booger/staph/fecal--tainted fingers do you think have been all over those serving spoons or even in (kids' fingers) the toppings?
2	I used to think Mojo was fine until I began yogurt-quest 2010 with my boyfriend. Now that I've tried a lot of other places, Mojo has gone to the bottom of my list. They do have a variety of flavors, but the yogurt taste and texture just doesn't quite do it for me. Something is slightly off. Mojo is doing something right with their branding because they do get quite a following. The crowds at Mojo are yet another reason for me to patronize other smaller places: shorter lines and places to sit.
2	Not very impressive ... tables and floor dirty .. I spilled accidentally and staff watched as I cleaned up with no offer of help.   Left sticky residue and nobody would wipe down properly
3	The location of this place is pretty unfortunate (in the ghost town that is City North).  And I might be spoiled by other yogurt shops, but the variety seemed to be lacking.  The saving grace would have to be the 1/2 price Tuesday Twitter word of the day!
5	I LOVE Mojo Yogurt. It's healthy, nummy and can turn a bad day into a good one anytime. Some may complain about the amount of flavors, but I don't need 32 flavors. I'm totally happy with 12 quality selections. The staff is wonderful and if you follow them on facebook you can get 1/2 off on Tuesdays. :)
5	Mojo yogurt is awesome. We go to the one in Tempe, quite a bit, I'm glad there is one closer to home
3	love the yogurt. i was very sad that i did not get to have one more serving of eggnog yogurt before it disappeared until next season. the variety of toppings is wonderful and not relegated to the sweets and gummi bears (which gets really hard and make them to difficult to eat - why it is put on frozen yogurt, i don't know). the fresh fruits are welcomed. sometimes you feel like a nut, sometimes you don't.as this one is a spot more convenient to me, i have not explored other mojos. so my grip will be regarding this specific location. i don't need to hear about the teenager beyond the counter talking about their previous drunk night. or how ashley is a. total. bitch. or other some such nonsense. for christ's sake, pick up your pants and pretend, just pretend, that you are at a job. tuck in your shirt. and comb your hair so that you don't have to sweep it out of your face like a tourette's syndrome having reject from hot topic. this also means do not yap about your personal issues, as they seem to be overflowing like the yogurt. just because your parents hate you doesn't mean you should give me reason to hate you.there needs to be a sweep of this store and actual training on how to act with the paying public. however, maybe i need to change my thinking. on my next visit, i will exclaim that i got totally trashed last night and woke up naked in someone's closet. i don't need someone else to be there. i'll just do it on a pretend phone call. i am a. total. bitch.
3	This used to be my favorite fro-yo place.  A couple of years ago, I would have given them a 4, but lately I am noticing there is no real rotation on the flavors. Always the typical cookie monster, chocolate and vanilla.  My favorite is Pistachio, I haven't seen it here.  I am addicted to fro-yo, but if I am going to indulge, it better be special.  The location is nice, and I know I will be back if I am in the area and one of the cravings hits.
3	Okay... I just realized I am a flavor whore. I'm just not satisfied unless my frozen yogurt cup has 5 or more flavors. I especially like the fruity, no dairy flavors and mojo had only one choice for that. :( I would compare the options to golden spoon.Sooo... I continue my hunt for my favorite yogurt shop.
5	This is my favorite place for yogurt. Love it especially Shawn. He is always so pleasant and great to everyone. He makes it a great experience. Keep up the great flavors and keep Shawn too
1	Just left Mojo city north and i can say that the sour faced girl working behind the counter needs to check herself and her emotions at the door. If your working in customer service and hate people this isn't the place for you. The store is filthy and yogurt was pretty runny. Not too mention they were out of snickers again. Someone behind the counter obviously has the munchies. Geeze save some for the rest of us
5	Great place for a yogurt treat if you are gluten free and wanting a cold treat for the summer heat! Service was great. The flavors and toppings are wonderful.
4	This place has something for everyone. The design and materials used for the interior are also really cool.
2	I think this spot must have lost its Mojo.  There are only a handful of flavors to choose from and none of them stood out.  All but two of those flavors were fat-free, but we'd never have know if we didn't ask.  You'd think it would be posted along with the flavor.  There's also a very serious lack of toppings at this location compared to some of the others.I already hate that the yogurt is always soft at these self-serve yogurt places, but it was really bad at this Mojo.  When my girlfriend pulled the lever for the chocolate it came out very soupy.  The girl at the counter told her that it always comes out that way.  If that's the case, the manager should probably look into getting that machine fixed. On the plus side, the sample cups are left up front, so it's easy to test a flavor without having to ask.  The storefront is set up nicely considering it's so small.  If you're looking for something to satisfy your sweet tooth, and happen to be in City North, then Mojo is an alright place to stop into.  But I wouldn't recommend going out of your way to eat at this Mojo.
4	The staff has completed changed and is a much better experience. It is a much nicer place to visit.
3	Love the yogurt, LOATHE the staff. Rude, disinterested, and condescending. Last time we were there I used the experience to educate my son about customer service and the importance of it.
5	Mojo in city center is great! All fresh ingredients, clean froyo machines, and tasty yogurt! 'nuff said.
4	A small little frozen yogurt shop that has about 10 different flavors to choose from. The tasting cups are at the beginning so you can try different flavors before committing them into a larger cup.Personally I like the chocolate nutella with a small side of tart....there's something about the combination of a bite of a sweet and tangy that makes it delicious. Mojo offers a variety of fresh and dried toppings and also syrups as well. They charge $0.44 per ounce.The seating inside is limited, maybe only 4 or 5 seats but there are a few tables outside the store that you can sit at.I do agree that the staff could use some training on customer service, but I don't deal with them that much besides paying for my yogurt. It isn't so bad that it would deter me from coming to this place if I was around the area and had a frozen yogurt craving.  If you come here often, be sure to get their frequent diner card for stamps.
2	We hadn't been here in a while so we decided to try it again.  It was a disappointment..the frozen yogurt always seems grainy--not creamy like I've had at other frozen yogurt shops.
4	I stopped in here tonight after grabbing some pizza at Mellow Mushroom. The shop is small but is nicely decorated -- definitely trendy. You walk in and it's all self-serve: you grab the size of container you want, pick your flavor, and then finish off your creation with a few of the standard toppings. They didn't seem to have too many flavors: raspberry tart, vanilla, and something else -- helpful, right? So on that note you can't really get creative. I had the "White Boy Vanilla" with peanut butter cups. Peanut butter cups were stale but the yogurt was delicious. Like I am going to come here tomorrow good. I didn't run into the problems other have mentioned. The yogurt wasn't grainy for me and the service was just your usual "I work at a yogurt shop" service. The cashier wasn't overly nice or rude. It was $5.00 for 16oz of vanilla. I will be back....
2	We're on a quest for the best self-serve frozen yogurt within reasonable driving distance. Here's how Mojo Yogurt stacked up against our criteria:Yogurt: The froyo was sweet, creamy and didn't melt instantly like some other places. It wasn't the densest, but it was pretty decent.  The flavors were pretty run-of-the-mill, though the vanilla was particularly flavorless. Flavor Variety: It's a small place. There aren't many flavor options, and what they had wasn't particularly creative. Toppings: Toppings were standard.Ambiance: There was essentially no seating within the store and a couple of tables/chairs outside, which made it slightly awkward to eat there.Overall, I don't think we'll be back, but it would be an okay stop if you were nearby and needed a sweet fix.
3	Friendly service, but not a good flavor selection. Not the cheapest in town, and boy has City North turned into a ghost town. Hate to see that.
2	Limited selection, and pretty middle of the road as far as flavour.
2	Love the yogurt, LOATHE the staff. Rude, disinterested, and condescending. Last time we were there I used the experience to educate my son about customer service and why it's important. Expecting a high school (college?) kid to smile, greet the customer and be pleasant as they're ringing up my fro-yo really isn't a lot to ask. And I blame the management because they tolerate the rudeness. Normally I wouldn't patronize a place with lousy customer service, but I keep coming back ONLY because it's the only frozen yogurt place in my neighborhood.
2	Small selection to choose from as well for toppings, as well the staff are rude and annoying.
1	So my family and I tried to get some yogurt here but there was a notice on the door that the owner hasn't paid the rent and the landlord kicked them out as of 1/11/13. Oh well, there's Yogurt+ down the street at least.
3	Loved the place, but wish they had a few more selections.Guess they need to pay their rent or should have moved out of City North, as this location is now closed. I'm sure they are losing a lot of business. Should have just moved down to Desert Ridge Marketplace.
5	As of Aug. 1st, 2013 MoJo has reopened at CityNorth.  Party on the patio....
4	Just a little tug, that's all it takes. Those dispensers ooze froyo; taste's like birthday cakes. With mounds of coconut and marshmallow delight. That Cookie Monster chills even the Phoenix night.I know it's September and summer's basically gone. I still long for a night cap of frozen Pom. Pomegranate that is, it's a tasty tart. Who knew something frozen could warm the heart.I don't get a chance to visit mojo up north (Phoenix) that often, but I come by when I'm in the area. My favorite is Cookie Monster, it's basically a mojo staple. If you like tart, you can normally find two or three flavors that fit your fancy. I'm a fan of sweet, creamy flavors, top it with coconut flakes and its perfection!Happy Yelping Phoenix!
5	This awesome yogurt shop WAS closed, but it's back. My young son couldn't be happier. Nice people, and fresh ingredients. Super easy to get in and out. This is our favorite yogurt spot!
4	I believe that every frozen yogurt place should have their vanilla and chocolate (or any 2 flavors that would go good together) next to each other, that way you can swirl them! I love mojo, I just wish they would do this. Although, the mojo mint is amazing all alone. :D
5	I've been here twice and love it already. It is quite small inside and a little hard to find but once found you will not regret coming here. The selections of yogurt could be bigger but there isn'r really room for more. The topping selection is huge though so go crazy while you can! It's nice also how they have a good selection of beverages to pick from to buy by the register as well. There's indoor and outdoor seating-even a t.v. inside so that's a plus!
5	This place is so conveniently located across from my office- its perfect for when you need a pick me up with coffee or frozen yogurt. The service is always good and they go out of your way to make the experience goodIf you work in city north you get a discount!
4	Totally satisfied my sweet tooth craving! Not crowed & very clean, no restrooms which was disappointing because your hands can get a little sticky from the samples even if you're being very careful The Cookie Monster flavor is the bomb.com !! The White boy Vanilla is very flavorful ! more so than other vanillas in my opinion.  Gotta be at least 30-40 toppings including 2 different coconuts & a few different chocolate chips They have a small seating area with a few games, we played memory just for the heck of it !  The orange was D'Lish super fruity & refreshing.  Enjoy fellow Yelpers :)
4	Delish!!! Great variety of toppings although I wish there were more flavors to choose from. Cute little shop with seating outside. I would definitely go here again and try something else like a smoothie or even a coffee.
4	Love their chocolate yogurt! Great array of toppings, today I got dark chocolate chips, mochi, walnuts, peanuts, M&Ms, strawberries, Andes, and cappuccino bites. They even have cones which is new to me. On Tuesdays they tweet out a word that gets  you 50% off your order. Awesome. Customer service is lacking, but I'm there for the yogurt.
