4	I ate at Nove before, went to a club and got drunk. Then I went back to my room and slept with ( Spoon ) the girl who wrote the review right under me. Nove- Our friend, a Pitt boss hooked us up wit hthis place. Great view from where we sat. Nice service, I felt like VIP. A nice casual setting and atmosphere. Alot of different plates to choose from. The portions like Carol said, is huge. I didn't expect them to give us so much. Usually i'm still hungry after a dinner at these kind of restaurants. If you are around Palms, go try it out. Its fun getting dolled up and look like a high roller. I know I sure lost like a high roller. CRAPS NO GOOD!
4	Being in Vegas during the busy first few weeks of January, my friends and I thought about how we'd get into the Playboy Club and circumvent the line. My secret, eating at the connecting overpriced restaurant! The view is spectacular, that's what I seem to remember the most. Oh yea, and those espresso martinis that eventually led to me jumping into a pool fully clothed at a private party. Food - averagish Italian food. Massive portions. Seriously, like every other place in Veags, they dish out TONS of food. Probably only need to order 2 appetizers and one entree for three people... at least for 3 females. After dinner, we slipped one of the managers a twenty and were whisked right into the Club, no line! Nothing quite like getting in the backdoor at the Playboy Club.
3	Very disappointing.I'd never been to the Palms before this past weekend.  It's a loud hotel-casino, and the NOVE restaurant was deafeningly loud as well.  Surely, that adds to the ambience if it's the type of loud, party scene characteristic of the Palms, but it makes dinner conversation difficult at the least.  I certainly wouldn't go here for an intimate dinner.The decor, however, was dark, modern, trendy and we liked it.  And the views of Vegas were fantastic.We couldn't decide whether the service was excellent or horrible, and that's not a good dilemma.  On the one hand, the waiter changed our table from upstairs to downstairs when we asked.  (Upstairs was deserted when we were escorted to our table around 7:30 p.m., too early, I suppose).  The wait staff was also attentive and responsive.The problem was all the blunders made throughout the evening.First, one friend is allergic to shellfish, and, despite her explicit request that a particular dish not be served with shellfish, it arrived with shellfish.  Next, it took forever for her dish to be replaced.  Granted, the waiter offered her an extra dish of pasta and an extra appetizer while she waited, but the wait was still exceedingly long.  The rest of us were finished with our entrees by the time her dish arrived.  The waiter also made good by giving us two deserts on the house, but the damage was done by then.Second, another friend SAT ON GUM on his seat.  The waiter explained that the gum couldn't have been on the seat, because they clean the booths after each set of diners; therefore, he concluded it must have fallen from . . . the bottom of the table.  Yuck!Third, we asked the waiter about a particular wine, and the waiter gave us a completely incorrect description of it.  When we later asked the sommelier, the sommelier flatly contradicted the waiter's description, describing the wine correctly.  But this means, meanwhile, we were stuck with an expensive bottle of wine that didn't suit.The food itself was good, but the mistakes were distractions throughout the evening from which the meal could not recover.
4	When you walk up to the host stand you can be escorted to Nove, Moon nightclub, or the Playboy Club.  Our weensy corseted hostess asked if us ladies would be interested in attending the Playboy Club that evening.  I don't know if we look like the type of ladies that might (I was with a vendor), or if she asks everyone that.  I have no idea how she could see into my soul so clearly in any case.  We take the elevator up to meet the rest of our party.  Hang on, the corset outfit is the uniform here.  Good lord, it must look like a showgirl dressing room in the employee lounge --- these girls clearly have to lace each other up once they arrive.  There is no way they are bending or reaching or activating turn signals or buckling seatbelts, or breathing for that matter, in those corsets on the journey from home to work.I ordered a mandarin vodka and soda from our buxom cocktail waitress and it was yummy.  They do something to it.  It was syrupy sweet.  I don't know what they add (dare I guess simple syrup?), but it was unlike any other mandarin vodka and soda I've had.  In a good way though, it disappeared very quickly.We were seated at a great, large table in the uh, "topiary room" we'll call it (see photo).  Huge windows overlooking the strip, with gas fireplaces on the ledges --- very swank.Our server Josh was AMAZING.  He and his sidekick server Chris were very attentive and helpful, and clearly know the food and wines they're serving.  Josh even brought out a couple of things for us to try just because we had talked about them.  Truffle risotto?  I think the puddle of drool on my placemat alerted him to the fact that I might enjoy it.  He was right.  But I'm getting ahead of myself.First and foremost.  The bread.  I like bread.  I usually eat too much before my meal comes out.  Nove serves these little rosemary crispy breadstick things with a little bowl of olive oil, a little bowl of parmesan, and some red pepper flakes.  I may have eaten every single one on the table.  Which may have been enough to build a new house for one of The Three Little Pigs.  Instead, it just made this little piggie very happy.We kicked it off with a bunch of sashimi (at an Italian joint?  Yes, with olive oil and basil and salt and stuff) which was pretty darn good, and sliced really nice and thin.  Sticking with seafood we had the cannoli --- tuna tartare and crab versions.  Nummy.  I also ordered the arancini to share, and I thought they were great.  I wouldn't have complained about having a little more sauce though.  We shared the grilled asparagus as well as the aforementioned truffle risotto, and I had the beef carpaccio pizza as my main, which I was far too full to touch really.  That and the fact that it was covered in capers and aioli, which I wasn't prepared for and not too crazy about.  The crust was great, and the pizza very good, but I don't really do mayo on my pizza.For dessert I was so excited to see balsamico strawberries, but they were pretty disappointing.  However, there was a chocolate sampler platter that was out of this world.I think it's incredibly overpriced for what it is, but the decor and service definitely step it up a notch.
5	We found this restaurant via Opentable.com for our 10th wedding anniversary. The view isn't bad. The Palms Hotel is not on the strip. You would have to take a cab to get there. The average fare for a single trip: $10My husband ordered a seafood spaghetti. I forgot the name of dish. Out of world! Good portion of seafood. I ordered a bone-in ribeye. My gosh, the steak was so juicy and I decided to keep some for home so I could enjoy chewing the steak. Worth a trip!
4	The Palms isn't really known for its fine cuisine.  The N9NE Steakhouse is decent, but relative to the scene in Vegas, it's a Honda surrounded by Bimmers and Porsches.  No, the Palms is a place to go if you are young and think the Real World Las Vegas was a "classic" TV show.  Nove actually changes the model though - it's the best place to eat in the resort, and it's one of my favorite choices in Vegas (all things considered).The atmosphere is great - you're higher than the famed Ghostbar with views of Vegas and the suburbs all around.  It's connected to the Playboy Club and Moon (separate cover required), so it's a one-stop destination for a group ready to party.The staff is attentive, friendly, and personable.  You can ask questions without feeling stupid or out of place, although anytime I talk to women that pretty, I tend to blush anyway... I'm shy!But the food is really enjoyable.  It's not the fanciest place in town, but it's a better bargain than some of the more famous restaurants, it's easier to get a reservation (you can always eat at the bar, too), and they serve healthy portions.  A little on the pricey side, but not as outrageous as other places in town - after all, this is Vegas!The guys will like the outfits the female staff wear, plus the great food.  The ladies will like the view and the great food.PROS:- Great food- Fun, friendly staff- Incredible view, convenient to Moon and the Playboy Club- The chicken marsala was excellent- The prosciutto appetizer and calamari were unbelievableCONS:- Accessible only via elevator- Slightly expensive
3	So N9NE thought they could do Italian. They should have stuck with Steaks. Food was mediocre but the service saved the night. As usual the service was friendly and attentive. If only the pasta wasn't so bland and the meat overcooked.The decor is pretty nice and in N9NE Group fashion there are lots of hotties to scope out when you are bored by the food.
4	Excellent! The ambiance is amazing, great service and the food is terrific. Las Vegas is the adult Disney World. And, by that I mean when you become an adult, all the annoying nuances, ie. mortgage, people actually wanting you to pay them on a monthly basis, work responsibilities, family hassles - all of these has ZERO to do with L.V. you go here to completely forget about every troubling thing in your life. This is only one of the numerous establishments that adds to the allure that is Vegas. I've been to L.V. a few years back and the options for eating weren't that great. Now, there are hundreds of high-end places to go. You can't miss at Nove.
3	i was underwhelmed. i guess this is one of the scene-y places to eat in vegas. they create the exclusivity allure by positioning a bunch of 14 year olds in corsets in the lobby of the palms to escort you to a special elevator that takes you up to the restaurant. then you are greeted by 16 year olds in corsets who tell you sweetly that they are running about 20 min late so you can drink in the bar till your table is ready. where teh 18 year olds will serveyou alcohol and roll their eyes when you ask them why there is a pizza martini on their menu. it definitely was a scene, my dress was about a 11 inches too long for this place. but i ordered a glass of champagne and decided to go with it. but then my bubbly arrived and it was horribly, disgustingly sweet. when i told the 18 year old waitress this she just looked at me and said, "it's supposed to be sweet, it's a moscato". (eye roll)now listen honey, i am from SF. i've been to wine country like 40 million times. and when you only have 2 champagnes by the glass on your menu and one is $40 a glass henriot and the only other option is $11 you don't make that $11 option a horrible moscato. at least roll with prosecco. yes, i realize a moscato is supossed to be sweet, but this just tasted like it was about $5.99 a bottle sweet. there's a difference.  anyway, after waiting the extra 20 min after our reservation time we were seated. service from there was pretty good. but the food was just ok. i had linguine with clams, the meal i would choose if it were my last meal on earth. i asked for it with white wine sauce. it came out in a pool of butter. seriously. i get that the rest of america is grossly overweight and that these people love vegas, but come on. i could only eat about a quarter of it. the husband's chicken marsala was quite good, if a bit salty, and our friend's halibut was cooked well but covered with a pretty mediocre tomato sauce. i don't even know if telling you to go elsewhere would help cause most of the food in vegas seemed a bit overrated and overpriced. on another note--the decor in here was just not working for me. some elements were very cool, but overall it was a disjointed design attempt. otstentacious and even a little tacky. but then, it's vegas. so i guess what the hell.
4	A waiter talked me into ordering the Pink Pussycat which was a rose flavored champagne with pink ice cubes. Expensive little drink in an almost phallic shaped glass but was pretty interesting. Definately a drink you'd get in Vegas.  To be honest with you, I don't really remember what I ordered. After the drinks started pouring in, we just kept ordering dishes after dishes. I do remember the ambiance/scene was typically Vegas as there were several celebrations happening around our table.  I had wished they'd draw open the shades as we would have had a great view of the strip across the freeway.Prices were fair and I had no complaints. Mainly b/c I don't really remember much of dinner. =P
3	i had a great opportunity to head out to vegas this past weekend and ended up here on saturday night for my sis's friend's bday.  hands down the atmosphere was freaking great!  everything looked impressive as any restaurant at the palms should.  guests of the party were led to the top floor and were greeted by our own bar!  sweet....the birthday menu consisted of calamari salad, caesars salad...another salad...clam pizza...sausage pizza...and my favourite of the night was this seafood concoction that contained salmon and shrimp...and conoli stuffed with lobster and tuna tar-tardamn...that was some good eats.  i told my sis that i was completely floored about how awesome the whole place/decor was, but unfortunately the food was only so-so compared with the display.  one thing that did floor me was this wheat ale (kleinenlugel(???)) which was off the friggin' hook!  must...hit...up...bevmo...
5	Wow, I'm kind of surprised by some of the low ratings people have been giving this place.  I ate here in late 2006 so maybe things have changed some.  There are some comments here about the young ladies in corsets that escort you to the elevator and the hostesses at the restaurant.  I mean come on, what do you expect at a casino that has the Playboy Club and tries to appeal to the MTV/co-ed crowd.  The girls were nice and very polite. Once you arrive at the restaurant you'll immediately notice the great ambiance up there.   The decor is pretty modern trendy which works well for the restaurant.  The views are amazing given that the restaurant is surrounded by huge glass windows and Nove's location on the 51st floor just below Moon and the Playboy Club.Our server and his assistant was very good and sommelier was very helpful in our wine selection.  I had the Bone-In Ribeye al Forno style and it was one the best steaks I'd ever had.The food is pricey, but the views, decor, and ambiance are worth it.
3	My friends and I came here for our NYE dinner because I think it was the only place that would give us a reservation for 17 two days prior. They required a deposit on a credit card to hold the reservation. The decor is very Vegas. Walls were made from Crocodile printed leather. Everyone was like, "it reminds me of Brett Michaels". That's the kinda vibe we got but more polished.  On the plus side, the diners get a view of Vegas - reminiscent of Aqua in Hong Kong. Unfortunately, we had a large party & missed out on the view because we were seated in a private room that was basically a box with a door. Noise levels were high, and we didn't realize how loud it was out there until the doors were closed. It'd be really hard to converse if I weren't sitting right next to my friend. Our server was Joe, when he came in, the first thing he asked was to greet the person who made the reservation - also happened to be named Joe. Joe the server was a nice guy, but he was really slow. Granted we had a big party, we would probably see him every half hour or so. The other two servers were good with water refilling, but not so great at remembering the additional tidbits.During our extremely long wait, I went to use the restroom, and as I walked in I noticed the honeycombed walls made from bronze and stainless steel. I felt like I was trapped in a beehive. The layout of the restroom was really odd. They had two stalls to the left, the sink in the center, and one right next to the sink. Just my luck, I got the one next to the sink. I didn't think much of it until I went in. Not only am I only a foot away from someone washing their hands, there was also a 2 inch gap in stall door. I know it's the Palms and everything there revolves around sex, but please, I have no interest in anyone seeing my cooch. I'm at Nove not the Playboy Club. Here's what I had for dinnner:Crispy Canoli: $16 (comp. of the chef)I only tried the king crab one and thought it was gross. The pastry part was fine, just the filling was not to my liking. Eggplant: $12 (cotf)Not bad but not memorable either. Sicilian Crab Cakes: $18This wasn't a cop out of a crab cake. You can taste the crab, and it was topped with something sweet that really made it stand out. I believe it was tomato and baccala. Ceasar Salad: $12 Loved it! The salad was topped with anchovies. Fresh and delish!Lobster Minestone: $14Luke Warm. Not exciting and the beans could've been cooked longer. Nove Spagehtti: $43 - One of the signature dishesThis dish had a lot of flavor, but it would be something you'd tire of after about 1/3 of it. I liked the pasta though. It was a mix of their own reg pasta and a green version, I'm assuming was made from spinach. 24 oz. Bone in Rib Eye: $52 +  8 year aged Balsamico: $10The Rib eye was really big & tasted okay (by far, better than Boa)..  but for 62, I expected more.  But I did like how they give you options of different glazes or sauces. Nove Gnocchi: $12Very heavy and packed with flavor. It's great to try a bite or two, but you can't stomach the entire thing. My friend who's Italian said the gnocchi was decent, but of course he's had much, much better. I myself have never stumbled upon really good, authentic gnocchi. All in all, the dinner was fine, but I wouldn't go back for a full meal. I'd just want the ceasar salad and maybe some crab cakes.  The entree portions are fairly large and flavorful. I recommend sharing so you're not stuck with one dish that you'll get sick of. Even though I split 2 entrees, I still didn't finish everything. Our server also advised us that the main 4 antipastas and contornis were meant to be shared family style.
3	Just a mini-review as I was here under the non-traditional circumstances of a group drinks/dinner (20+ folks) in their upstairs section, and it wasn't their best night.Nove is an interesting space with some really great views, but the food I had was only okay.  Cheese pizza app was mediocre, my salmon was okay, and, just judging by how much pink meat was left on a couple of my colleague's plates, either their dishes weren't that good or the kitchen rushed too much trying to make up for some lost time, giving some folks rarer steaks than they would have liked.Would need to check this out as part of a smaller group to really give it a fair shake, though.
4	Good food, good ambiance, excellent service.  Make sure you get the Nove Gnocchi for one of the side dishes!
4	When you're visiting a city, it's certainly difficult to know which restaurants are right for your party. My friends and I took a chance on Nove and were very pleased. This flashy restaurant is perfect for a fun party or a romantic date. When ordering at Nove, I would recommend straying from pizza or pasta. I sampled a few dishes and loved every last bite. Why not order the octopus appetizer? It's Vegas, take a risk.
4	The decor of this place is amazing. Plasma TVs in elegant frames showing art work by the masters. Candles sit on shevles adorning the columns. The menu has a great selection. Had we not had reservations at n9ne with our group. The veal just was that tempting and enjoying it near an open pit fire would have been nice.
5	My friends and I are regulars at the bar at Nove, stopping here before we go into the Playboy Club & Moon to visit the awesome bartenders.  We've had a few appetizers and pasta dishes when the drinks kept flowing, and the food is amazing.  I'm a fan of their lobster pizza, especially.  And I believe the calamari is top notch.  You won't be disappointed at whatever you order.
1	I was not happy with this establishment. Originally, we were to have dinner at Nine Steakhouse. However, due to forces that we could not control (i.e. hostess error & incompetence), our reservations were not listed and thus we were sent to Nove. Although Nove attempted to live up to the reputation of Nine, however, they failed ... completely.  The one redeeming quality was the wine storage facility.  It was pretty. It changed colors... many times.
5	Great service, top notch management, great food and fantastic view of the strip.. have dinner at Nove, go hang out at the Playboy club upstairs later and finish your night at Drai's... I love Vegas ! :)
3	This place was okay.  I mean, i didn't leave thinking I need to bring "someone special" here.  The dishes aren't exactly vegetarian friendly, so my options for food selection was very small.  I had their ravioli, because that was the only thing I could eat (that had no meat).  It was good, but I didn't eat it all up, like i normally do when i go out.  We also had a few appetizers.  The eggplant appetizer was yummy, but that's the only appetizer I tried.  Don't get me wrong, it has a nice and sexy ambiance....I just didn't leave wanting more.
3	Nove will definitely take your breath away...   ...the view, the service, the ambiance, and most especially the price! It's very upscale to the point that if you ask for water, they won't give you a glass of tap water with lemon on it, they'll give you Fiji water and charge you 7 bucks for it! But I'm not complaining nor am I patronizing these high end bottled water. Back to Nove, the food however was aiight. The Fillet Mignon was juicy and cooked just right but there's no WoW-factor that says, "This is how a $90 + steak should taste like!" Their Creme Brulee tasted like the ones at The Buffet at the Wynn, but its good for sharing so no problem. Presentation of the both food was excellent, very gourmet looking.Another con is there are a lot of older people eating here, but then again we were here around 9 ish so it must be too early for my generation to be out(?!?). It was a good experience to eat there. Everything was upscale, not just so much to the taste of the food, imo.
2	Whoa!  I was expecting much more from this place.  Obviously, we have all learned not to judge a book by its cover, but when I first stepped into this place, it looked pretty good.  Nice bar area, great view, etc.  But boy was I wrong.  I was here for work and ate in the private room.  There was a price fixe menu put together for us.  Given this arrangement, I was all the more surprised by this restaurant's ability to properly execute my meal.  And it wasn't just me, a number of people had the same exact problem.So for starters, we had some sort of sushi thing (odd for an italian restaurant but OK), an antipasto plate which was standard but good, and a shellfish plate consisting of oysters, mussels, crab legs, shrimp, and lobster.  This was the only excellent part of the meal.  Go figure, its the element of the meal that required the least amount of preparation.We also had a primi piatti of linguini with shrimp and a spicy sauce which was decent.  The problems arose during the secondi piatti.  I ordered the 24 oz. Ribeye steak.  It came out essentially raw in the middle.  I typically like my steak medium rare, so I don't mind a little blood or pinkness in my steak.  But this thing was uncooked in the middle.  And I wasn't the only one.  I think 4 people in my party had to have their steak brought back to the broiler.  And if that wasn't enough, the sides were terrible as well.  The broccolini and polenta basically tasted like nothing.  I am still trying to figure out if the chef simply forgot to season the dishes.  Hopefully, I will never have to go to this restaurant again.  With excellent restaurants such as Nine and Alize residing in the Palms, I fear for the future of this restaurant.I only gave the restaurant 2 stars because the shellfish plate was great and the service was decent.
5	I went to Nove last Sunday with a friend and left impressed....The Kobe steak tartare with truffles was amazing, especially with a glass of Champagne. The octopus salad was one of the best octopus dish I ever had ( and I ate at several Mario Battali's restaurants before ).We shared 2 entrees. The housemade tortollenis were cooked perfectly and were very savory. The Ahi tuna was also cooked to perfection..I am still dreaming about our dessert. A nuttella cake... wow...Service was impeccable and the ambiance just delightful. Go and try it.. you won't regret it.. and then go upstairs to the Playboy club or Moon and enjoy the rest of the night !
3	Came by for a drink since my cohorts and I arrived late for the first night in Vegas - our nine other buddies were finishing a $900 meal in the restaurant so we sidled up to the bar and ordered ourselves some Jameson shots.  Incredible view, dark, romantic ambiance, elegant Vegas-rich-type setting.
3	For my 30th birthday my husband, friends and family took me to Nove Italiano.  It had a beautiful setting, ambiance and wonderful food and service.We had a few problems with the way the steaks were cooked, not exactly as requested or explained by the servers, but they made every attempt to rectify the situation.  They also served a beautifully huge dessert tray to the table to make up for the mishaps (for my birthday).I might go back for a special occasion or with less people.  It was pricey which makes it difficult to please such a large group...for a party of 6, the bill was almost $1,000.
5	awsome atmoshpere .awsome food been there few times,the appettizer is really good,and the view from the restaurant is really good we had great service,and if you get desert you must try the canolli,and the nutella chocllate lava there both really good.
3	Nove was an interesting Italian place.  At the top of the Palms, I was expecting a bit more for the price.  Our meal was very expensive and unfortunately, I did not like what I ordered.  The server said the Seafood Spaghetti was their signature dish and honestly, I would be embarrassed if this were my restaurants signature dish.  Nove was a decent experience but I will probably not return.  I really wanted to love this place, but I just didn't.
4	Nove is so far one of my fave restaurants at the strip. Well not at the strip, but you know what I mean. I think for the price you really get your money's worth. It is a special occasion kind of place. I've been there on my birthday and recently for a friend's birthday. I love the view from the top and if you get to sit on the second floor, the view is way better than sitting on the bottom floor with the curtains covering the view! I love the colors and decorations in the restaurant, beautiful! It's classy, romantic, kinda place you want to take pictures. It is more of a dress up in your hoochiest clothes you can find kinda place with all the girls ready to go to the clubs at the Palms,  but I don't let that bother me. My first time there the chef supposedly sent us samples of his new salads. He gave us 2 different kinds of salads to each person at our table-for free. That was cool. Both time I ordered the Nove Spaghetti. The first time I ordered a full order and the 2nd time going there I ordered the 1/2 order. You barely get anything in the 1/2 order, but all my friends who ordered 1/2 orders of their pastas got decent size portions. I would order a half order of something else besides the signature pasta. I am happy with that pasta, but I have also tried my friends pennette alla vodka with gulf shrimp and that was very good. The desserts here are excellent. I think people who spend alot of money at this restaurant, they drink. Since I don't drink, I think the prices are decent for what you get. The last time we went we were walked into Playboy/Moon which was very convenient and saved us time and possibly money of waiting in line with several guys in our party. I will go here anytime! If you can get a table near the fireplace by the window, you must be VIP, I can't seem to find out how people get those tables which are the most private and the best.
4	One of my top 5 favorite places to eat in Sin City!  The menu is eclectic, yet simple enough to pick and choose from even for a casual dinner out.  This place is the top of the Fantacy Tower of the Palms, and so the views are amazing!  The wait staff are friendly and they have a wine steward on hand to assist with making the best selection to compliment your meal.  I recommend sitting at the very back of the restaurant near the the topiary trees shaped like sexy ladies and the flames that come out of the window sills!  You will also enjoy awesome view of the strip from here.So when in Vegas, make sure you make Nove one of your stops!
1	Disclosure : I didn't eat here. We were looking at the menu - which looks AMAZING - but it was about double our per diem, so we decided to pass. The hostess rolled her eyes and got huffy when we chose not to eat there. She was such a snotty little bitch I wanted to smack her hard enough to roll her eyes for her. I enjoy a nice meal in Vegas, but it just wasn't in the cards this time around (pun intended). When I go back with friends and we want a nice dinner, it will NOT be here, just because of that that little bitch. There are far too many nice restaurants in Vegas to choose from and first impressions are everything. If I'm dining at the Palms, I'll stick to Alize, which was wonderful when I ate there.
5	Last weekend Rose took me to "Nove"  for Valentine's Day.  I know,  I'm a very lucky guy!! ;-)  I'm not really one for super trendy places that are over hyped and under deliver,  so I was a bit skeptical about eating at the Palms. But I have to say "Nove"  knocked one out of the park. We had a tremendous 5 star experience.  The food was incredible and the service was flawless.  A  few of the dishes were just outstanding.  We highly recommend the shrimp covered  with a lemon cream sauce, the grilled baby octopus, the seafood spaghetti and the chicken marsala.  Bottom line...Fantastic food with even better company. It doesn't get too much better.  Prego!
4	I went here for a dinner when we were in Las Vegas for a a bachelor party.  There were four of us, and we arrived we were forced to wait which was rather confusing because the restaurant was pretty empty.  Anyway, we only had to wait for about 10 minutes, so no big deal. Except, because the place was pretty empty we thought we'd get a good table with a view.  Not so much.  We got a booth facing the middle of the place.  whatever, no problem,  the view wasn't that important to us.  I forget our waiter's name but he was really helpful and a funny dude.  He helped us pick a bottle of wine ( I don't remember what it was, but it was pretty cheap and really good).  For aps, we ordered Crudo (kinda like a sashimi dish) , Arancino (rissotto ball),  crab cakes.  We had one more, but I forget what it was, prob a seafood dish.  Everbody really liked their aps, and my Arancino was fantastic.  We also ordered a bowl of Sunday Gravy (pasta, meatballs) for everyone to split.  The waiter was really cool and told us we only need half of it, and gave us a half portion, and everyone loved the Sunday Gravy.  Even the half portion was huge.  Oh, I forgot, the breads they served us before the aps were really good too.   On to the dinners, I was kind of boring and got the chicken parm.  It was the best chicken parm Ive ever had in my life, hands down.  The portion was also HUGE!.  I also had the garlic mashed potatoes which were good, a lil on the strong side. I felt horrible throwing it out, because it was just that good.  My friend ordered their specialty, the osso bucco, which was perfect.We def ordered way too much food, and realized we could have probably eaten here for very cheap.  As some other reviewers stated, you get to go to the playboy club/moon for free afterwards, which is nice.  Overall, this place compares to the top italian rest in NYC, and I think came out to about $90/person with wine and probably about twice as much food as we actually needed.  I recommend Nove to anyone I know that is going to Vegas.  Great for couples or groups of friends, probably not children.  Nove was one of the best restaurant experiences I have ever had.  The only thing that kept me from giving it 5 stars is the whole situation at the beginning.
5	I didn't think that dinner was going to be a highlight of my Las Vegas experience, but I was wrong.  Nove was the perfect way to fete my bachelorette friend this past weekend.  Although most places in Vegas won't let you do a "Bachelorette" group dinner unless you have 12 people, Nove accommodated our 11 women and made the dining experience truly special.  50-something floors up from the desert, the first thing that strikes you about Nove is its fantastic view.  Second, the service was extremely friendly and solicitous.  Nove also has a private room, with doors that block the rest of the restaurant's noise, for large groups.  It was a perfectly intimate way to spend Saturday night's dinner with the girls.  We got to choose from the entire menu-- the polenta and rock shrimp contorno/side dish was amazing-- so we could all choose what we liked: appetizers, pastas (they'll serve them in full or half portions and a half is easily generous enough for one person's entree), mains, steaks, and side dishes.  The arugula and beet salad with Humboldt Fog cheese was delicious, as were the "Sunday dinner" pasta with sausage, and the gnocchi was how gnocchi is supposed to taste.  It was perfectly formed little pillows of potatoey goodness swimming in tangy tomato sauce.  The wine list was pricey, which I guess fits the theme of Vegas + steak, but we found some good choices with a red Italian blend and a Gavi.  I would highly recommend Nove for a satisfying group dinner out in Vegas!
5	I was a little drunk by the time we grabbed dinner here, but I can still tell you it was AMAZING! 3 words, Death by Potatoes, yes it is on the menu and worth every penny. Great View, cute staff, and italian food to die for. Only advice, maybe go a little less drunk , that way you can enjoy it more . hahahah
5	i love nove partly b/c i love the palms..the maloofs and the whole palms family!Nove...hmmm, well, i have to say it is gorgeous..the decor is really beautiful..They serve something that I have not had anywhere else..nor to the quality that they serve at nove..they fly in fresh baby octopus daily..it is NOT frozen..that might not seem so heroic..but it is..that is NOT THE NORM! and they grill it with some lemon juice and olive oil...i place  2 orders....I remind the people im dining with that i dont share..so order your own...hey..give me a break..i dont do dairy..and i only eat fish so when i like something i like something!http://static.px.yelp.com/static/20090317/i/new/ico/star_big_5.gifThe chef
5	Simply delicious! The anchovy caesar salad was soo good. Along with the chicken parmesan, and the garlic shrimp! Oh my. =) Reserved for a group of 20 and they gave us amazing service.They also gave us discounted bar/lounge/club wristbands for 4 different places for practically the price of one!  So worth the $$$$.
4	Atmosphere and Customer Service gets  5 Stars but the food gets 3 Stars with me.Appetizer was thin crust pizzas, which was my favorite of the whole meal. Anchovy cesar salad, ehhh not to fond of the chewy fish, but it was still a good dish. The garlic shrimp was okay. Lastly, I'm not a big fan of chicken parmesiano and I was pretty full by the time it came, so I only had a few bites. Dessert was flavored shaved ice, raspberry and orange, that was pretty refreshing.What I liked the most was that they served ice cold Fiji bottled water instead of the typical tap water with a slice of lemon.For a little over $100 per person we were given VIP bracelets which is All- Access to Playboy, Moon, Ghostbar, and Rain.... yes, with this dinner DUH!(I was with the same party as Audrey N. below)
5	OK so I am a picky eater who tends to lean towards healthy and quality.  While in Vegas for the weekend, my BF and I decided to try Nove Italiano mainly bc we wanted a restaurant with a nice atmosphere and a nice view.We figured, "OK Italian, it will probably be pretty good but nothing out of the ordinary"Were we wrong.This food was unbelievable.In the beginning they bring you an assortment of fresh breads and breadsticks with a little tray on the side with Olive Oil, Red Pepper Flakes and Parmesan Cheese for dipping. I dont usually partake in bread, but I did try a thin breadstick with the dippings and it was really good.After reading about the Grilled Octopus App on yelp, I figured we had to try it.   Let me tell you, it was amazing.   Obviously not for everyone bc its octopus, but it was so tender and the flavor of the marinade was simple but very very fresh and a great flavor.  They were grilled so they were crispy.  Like nothing I have ever had before.The marinade was not too heavy, more like a ton of fresh herbs.I had the White Pizza with Clams.Very simple but amazing.Extremely thin crust so you can eat it and not feel full or guilty.  And big clams and plenty of them on top.My BF got the Chicken Marsala.   It was on the bone which at first seemed weird, but he said he loved it bc it fell off the bone.Huge gourmet mushrooms and plenty of them.On the side he had penne pasta in Alfredo sauce which he loved. It looked like it was fresh-made sauce and a bit lighter then what you would expect alfredo to be.We got a side of the Aparagus special dish, which was Grilled Asparagus with an egg and Ricotta cheese.Sounds totally weird, I know, but so great!!The place is also swanky and upscale but comfortable, the view is great.Overall this place is a Must when in Vegas.And the price ,we thought, was very fair.  We more than enough food, and 1 glass of wine and a Diet Coke and the bill was $125 with tip.     Not bad at all for a fine restaurant in Vegas.
5	Best New Restaurant in Las Vegas!Nove is aces....for everything.....service, food, ambience....you name it and Nove delivers.Nove is the perfect place to have a romantic dinner, or dine with friends, or pre-party before heading up to Moon or the Playboy Club.  How many restaurants can be romantic and clubby at the same time?  Nove fits in well with The Palms.   The food is fantastic.  I would recommend the starter of tomato soup and grilled cheese.  It's an interesting take on a classic item.  The portions are large so keep that in mind as you order.I had my birthday dinner here, and the host was so nice, and sent over a shot of champagne.  I had never really had a "shot" of champagne before, but it was cute nonetheless.Our server, Joey, was dynamite.  He had such a great personality, did not rush us through our dinner, and had excellent recommendations.  At the end of the night, he ushered us up to the Playboy Club!
2	The food is good (not amazing). Much of the time it's an effort to find your waiter. The prices on food and wine are very high. And the acoustics are positively impossible. My table of six had to yell at one another, and the people at either end of the table couldn't hear each other even when yelling. The music is too loud and all the surfaces are hard which makes the soundscape shrill and overbearing.There is nothing intimate or elegant about this restaurant. Nove needs to decide whether it's a high-end Italian restaurant or a trendy club.
5	We walked to the bar and everything after is a lovely blur of drinks and terrific food.Oysters , YesThe Sashimi of the day, YesMy fish, TerrificServers were the most attentive to our every need.Too bad He was a complete Bore !
3	I really wanted to rate this restaurant higher but the service was so horrible I just cannot do it! The only reason they are getting three stars is mostly for the view and decor.The decor is simply breath taking. The view from the fifty-first floor and the huge chandlers. I loved it all. The food was really good, but not the best I have ever had. Honestly there is little Italian place in Cabo that is way better and half the price. I did not try any of their speciality drinks or wine, I hear the prices are a little expensive for what you get. The price for the food is pretty reasonable if you are not a big eater. I went with my girlfriend we shared a pizza and each got half orders of pasta. We had leftovers and our bill was under sixty bucks, not too bad for Vegas. The key to this place is ordering the half orders. Our bill could have easily been over a hundred had we not done so. Plus the proportions are seriously HUGE!Now to the bad part of the night, our waiter and bus boy were seriously awful! So much so I was tempted to leave without tipping. The server was almost impossible to find. We were given flat water when we ordered sparkling, not a huge deal but its not like the place was packed. At the end of dinner the waiter gave me a horrible look when I asked to do a room charge. As if it was going to be so much extra work for him. The staff, besides the hostess, could use a huge attitude adjustment.I dont plan on going back here again.
5	I love this place! Favorite restaraunt in Vegas.  We usually eat at the bar when we go, but the table service has been excellent as well.  Blaise and Christina the bartenders are friendly and have a great memory.   Try one of the house special espresso shots with dessert!    As for the food, it is fantastic too.  I have had the filet with the balsamic on the side, great combo.  Also the pasta are all handmade and the meat sauces are really MEATY!  Try the Gnocchi with bolognese and some marscapone cheese.  Off the menu item, but great flavor.    They have fresh made gellato and some fun 'create your own' canollis for dessert.
4	The service at Nove was wonderful - however it may not have hurt that one of the Casino Host's joined us to eat...Service was quick and the "bread" basket they brought out with dips was unbelievably good and full of favor.We also had a sample of an egglplant appetizer which was quite tasty.I ordered the Ravioli with Pine nuts for some reason although there were items on the menu that looked way better. The Ravioli was good, and had a great flavor.  Everyone else at the table thought their food was amazing - ranging from ribs, to octopus, to filets. The restaurant was packed from the time we entered to the time we left, and the atmosphere was Vegas Chic - I would recommend Nove if your staying in the Palms, and on your way out you might want to stop by the Playboy club for a few drinks and some fun gambling.
4	What's not to love?  Great service, fabulous view and delicious food that come in large portions.  From what I remember, we ordered the chicken parm, calamari, arancini, octopus, steak, veal and some fish special.  I can't remember the rest because of the lethal gin martini I ordered.  But I can definitely say I'll definitely come back.
4	So we ended up at this place because we arrived in the late evening in Vegas, on a Friday, and we wanted to go clubbing at Palms.  Since we had to eat before everything closed, we decided the best way was to have our concierge find us a place in the Palms and to get us table service at a club in the hotel.Anyway, when I was told about this place, I was expecting it to be overpriced (although worthwhile for the convenience) mediocre food.  Admittedly I was a bit surprised.  The restaurant is high up on one of the towers of the Palms, and has great views of the Strip and the city, so that was a good start.  The food was all pretty good.  I had ravioli, but I tried items that my friends ordered, including tortelini, sea bass, and bone-in fillet steak.  Everything was really tasty here, and so my mediocre expectation was shattered.  It was still a bit overpriced, with dishes running from $25-45, but I was satisfied with the meal.  It's worth it for the atmosphere here, if you're looking to splurge a bit.
5	I wanted to give a special shout-out to Nove and its executive chef. We went to Nove for a birthday dinner with a large group (27 people) and three of us, myself included, are vegan. Nove did everything to accomodate us and provided special and absolutely delicious dishes that were on par with what everyone else was eating as part of the birthday menu. Speaking of the menu, they printed one up for our party. It was a really classy touch that made the evening even more special.The food and the view were amazing. The staff was extremely attentive and the experience was superb. The chef came out and talked to the birthday boy and made time to ask the vegans if everything was all right with the food. He even made us a special vegan dessert! Also, the drink I had at the bar before dinner (I think it was a strawberry Bellini) was divine.  Overall, everyone who came to the dinner was extremely impressed and pleased. I would definitely recommend Nove for large groups. A+++!
3	Nove is a place I really wanted to like. The service was excellent and attentive.  The N9ne group is a great group. The food, especially for the price was seriously lacking.  2 stars are for the great service and views.  I would only give the food 1 star. The other 3 people in my group agree.  The food is far over price for the quality. Pane Vino is far better and in the same price range.  In my opinion you will be much happier  going to Nora's or Lucio and wont pay nearly as much.  I was shocked that the N9ne group had such lacking food with N9ne steakhouse is so much better. Albeit different but much better quality.   You let me down Nove.
5	Loved this place.  Great food!  Get a table by the fireplace/window and you'll have a great view after the sun goes down in VEGAS! Come hungry , eat well, and then hit Playboy Club upstairs for free - via a secret elevator for dinning guests only.
5	Loved Nove! Great service; very attentive; always with a smile on their face. Had the salumi and cheese appetizer which was divine. I loved the bread basket that came with a three-part serving dish that had olive oil, parmesan cheese and red pepper flakes so you could dip your bread. It was heavenly. For dinner I had the Nove Spaghetti which was pasta, a light marinara and seafood and was just a tiny bit spicy. Excellent! Hubby had a Tuscan style filet that was really outstanding. I had a glass of the Pinot Grigio and wasn't a fan. We had a comfy booth that was cozy and spacious. After dinner, you can go up to the Playboy Club via a special entrance. Great views and a great time!
5	We had a private room off the restaurant complete with a digital screen showing photo's of Italy, custom lighting we controlled and music we controlled.  When we got a bit too rowdy, they would simply slide the glass doors shut.  We started with a caviar bellini and a champagne toast - Yay Vegas!  Both were fantastic.  Appetizers were abundant and tasty.  I've never had Rice Balls before and was surprised how yummy they were.  Deep fried rice balls with marinara sauce for dipping - oh yeah.  The Calamari was fresh and light.  The Crudo (salmon ceviche) was amazing.  I thought it had a spicy kick but 2 others said they didn't taste a kick, but loved it.  The Sausage Pizza looked delicious and was served on a pizza stone, but I'm sticking to my vegetarian diet so I didn't try it.  The last item was Crostacei a seafood selection on ice of crab legs, oysters, lobster, clams and shrimp - all delicate and delicious.Next came the caesar salad (without anchovies) and it was perfect.  I chose the Ahi Tuna rare for my entree.  The Eggplant Caponata the Ahi sat on was just OK.  But the Death By Potatoes on the side was fantastic.  The Crispy Garlic Potatoes were too crispy for my end of the table.  During dinner we enjoyed a Pinot from Willamette Valley in Oregon and a Rothschild.  Both were perfect.  After dinner they served great Espresso's and even made mine decaf.We skipped out before dessert to go upstairs to the Playboy Club.  The staff at Nove were fantastic and knowledgeable.  Cesar, our main server, made sure we never wanted for anything.  It was a great night.
4	Visit: 9/27/09 - Dinner.  Had the Halibut and shrimp antipasta.The Halibut was good.  So tasty.  I didn't talk at all while I was eating.The shrimp antipasta.  I forgot the name.  All I remember was the slogan, "The best you ever had".  This was the truth.  I never ate shrimp this delicious.Service was good.  They even let me in with short pants and polo shirt.  Wow.  My excuse was that it was 100 degrees outside so I didn't dress up that morning.  They probably looked at me and told each other, dumb tourist.Price is pretty reasonable for a fancy restaurant.  Our tab for 4 of us came to $200. I will come back again.  I am already planning my next trip.
3	Nove was a fantastic dining experience with good food.  Nothing special, but big portions of well prepared food.  My steak which they marinate in olive oil for a few days was nice, but not as full flavored as I would have liked.  The pastas were also good, but left something to be desired.  Our server was great, a real actor/showman playing our table like the puppets we were.  Because we were a group of ten celebrating a birthday, they brought out extra sides and deserts for us.  Definitely no shortage of food, we had a major celebrity sighting (Howard Stern) and a upbeat vibe.  I totally enjoyed my Nove experience, but with all the amazing dining options available in Vegas, I doubt I ever return.
4	Nove has great views and a festive atmosphere plus the food is tasty.  They can easily accommodate a large party and the portions are huge! Definitely large enough for sharing. There was a hiccup with our reservation and we had to wait nearly an hour for our table but the manager was cool and comped us a round of drinks.  Once nice perk about dining here, you gain free admission to the Playboy Club and Moon.
5	Visit - 11/4/09 I had the opportunity to entertain some clients here and I have to say, it was the perfect location.  We had a small half circle booth, which made it very easy to converse and stay with the conversation.  It was not too loud or too dark to enjoy the atmosphere and we had a great view of the city.I had the filet and crunchy garlic potatoes for dinner.  The steak was seasoned and cooked to perfection and brought out in a timely manner.  The potatoes we just ok in my opinion.  They were a little hard and had a little too much garlic for my taste.  The service was friendly, prompt, and knowledgeable of the menu.  I highly recommend Nove Italiano at the Palms in Las Vegas and plan on visiting again in the future.
4	We had a very nice dinner at Nove - the food, service and ambiance were all very nice.  We had planned on eating at n9ne but it was as loud as a nightclub.
5	I have been to Nove Italiano three times and each time has been a better experience than the last.  My most recent visit was a Sunday night and the restaurant was very quiet.  My husband and I arrived early (around 6pm) and we were the only ones in the whole place and we received top notch service.  We requested a window view and they seated us in the front room that faces the strip with cozy little fire-boxes in the windows.  The wait staff was super attentive and friendly and the food was awesome!  My husband and I were both craving pasta so I had the Pennette alla Vodka and my husband had the Sunday Gravy.  Both were excellent.  Nove Italiano was a great way to cap off another fantastic Vegas trip.
4	Nice place, very good food, the Nove Pasta is fantastic.  It's pricey, but its a high level establishment.  You can walk into the Playboy club if you want (pricey place also).  Highly recommend, great casino too.
5	Great atmosphere, awesome views of the strip.  I got a reservation only 3 hours before I got there and this was on a Sat night.  Very friendly waiter.  They gave us complimentary apps and canolis.  We saw Ben Stiller there also, that was pretty cool!  Had the "Sunday Gravy", awesome!  Definitely recommend Nove and I will be back.
5	These are your instructions- do not deviate and you will thank me eternally:Forget everything on the menu (including the sides, pasta or anything else for that matter) and order the fillet mignon with balsamic sauce. Trust me, it's enough food for you. And sit at the bar and say hello to the bartender for me. Drink copiously and expect many of the rounds to be on the house. Awesome times guaranteed. You will have reoccurring dreams about this steak*Note that if you normally like your steak medium rare, order a medium instead here because their med-rare has a LOT of pink
3	Overall, a good meal.  Food was quite good and menu was well varied in options and choices.  Waiter service was hit or miss.  Hostess stand service was friendly, but needed some improvement.  Design of restaurant on 51st floor was a missed opportunity.  Value about average.  See details below.Hostess Stand - 2.5/5:  Had 6:45pm reservation, arrived at 6:40pm.  Table was not ready, invited to sit at the bar and order a drink (where we ordered a bottle of wine.)  Table was not ready until 7:20pm.  Should have been offered a cocktail for table being ready 35 minutes after reservation, but was not.Service at table - 2.5/5:  Main waiter was somewhat hard to find and a bit aloof (the restaurant is fairly poorly designed which contributed to this, more on that later), asked to see regular menu and price fix menu, was told that price fixe no longer available (which I do not believe to be the case).  One item ordered was never delivered (and did not show up on the bill - so perhaps a lack of attention here). Food servers and busboys were quite good, somewhat made up for main waiter issues.Food - 4/5:  Quality of food was quite good.  Bread service with oil, parmagianno and pepper flake was good, caesar salads were good, fresh, properly prepared/dressed, arancini were good, ordered the short rib ravioli, quite good, although a little light on the portion, also ordered sunday gravy pasta, excellent, high quality, generous portion, death by potatoes ordered but never served.  Wine list was extensive with some reasonable options.Design/Ambience - 2/5:  Nice interiors, but many fatal flaws.  Did not take advantage of location on the 51st floor of Palm's Fantasy tower, perimeter banquettes face towards the interior, not the view outside, interior tables do not get good view due to being blocked by banquettes.  Sat at banquette side by side with wife (which was ok, but did not allow us to easily face each other while talking) and we looked at interior/bar, no view outside.  Also, they put flat screens on windows looking outside - very odd decision, distracts/blocks view.  Bar has best view as it is raised, but is most distant from view.  Missed opportunity by designers and owner - this restaurant could be on the first floor of the hotel and it would not miss the 51st floor location.  Kitchen is far down a hall - leads to delayed service and likely exhausted wait staff.  Music too loud for conversation.  Very mixed crowd - familiies, couples, military, clubbers with very little clothing, party groups, etc...Price - Prices were about right based on 'high-end' status of restaurant.  Wine list has some good options, many items quite expensive.  Noted several people bring own wine (odd for this type of restaurant) - not sure of corkage fees.  Liked the menu structure - could eat a multi-course meal, or more tasting style - many options here.Overall Value - 3/5:  Based on high-end status - would rank about average here.  If this were a neighborhood or casino restaurant not on the 51st floor of a hotel tower, with a slightly lower price point and the same food, value would rank a 4/5.
3	Service was great. Decor was good. Food had some real high ups, and some lows. Started with Crudo and Burrata. Burrata was real good, crudo wasn't that good. I think the Crudo wasn't as fresh as it could have been. The Pennettee alla Vodka was really good. My Nove Spaghetti wasn't. The lobster in the spaghetti came with an intense ammonia taste when I ate it. I mean Windex intense. Finished with the tiramisu, which was great.Overall, service is great and food was a hit/miss on that night. Which means I intend to try it all again and see how the dishes pan out. Everyone else seemed to love it so maybe it was just a weird night.
3	I liked this place, but I didn't love it.  The view was spectacular, but the waitstaff seemed kind of pushy.  The menu was INSANELY overpriced considering the food.  I guess you're paying for location and view.The ambiance was certainly beautiful.  Low lighting and leather everywhere that made all of the lights visible on the strip that much more glorious.  The food, however, was not that glorious.We got an antipasto platter to start with several meat and cheese options, as well as some olives and nuts.  Overall, it was a pretty good portion for such a fancy restaurant and delicious.  My boyfriend got the filet mignon and it was absolutely delicious.  I got the spaghetti of the night, which included tuna, capers, olives in a red sauce.  I was simply not impressed.  If you're going to claim to be an Italian restaurant, you should probably have good pasta.  Not really the case here.  We also ordered the "Death by Potatoes" or something as a side.  It was so heavy that my boyfriend (who typically really enjoys heavy food) couldn't even eat it.  It was greasy and overwhelming and completely didn't go with their Italian theme.  I kind of couldn't understand it.Adding insult to injury, we ended up paying $30 for two glasses of wine.  I get that this is a nice restaurant in a sometimes expensive city, but give me a break.
5	Great atmosphere, martinis, and the best caprese salad I've ever had!
5	Amazing! The restaurant is at the top of the Palms and has stunning views of Las Vegas! The atmosphere is very hip, yet sophisticated. It has regular tables and then fun low tables with interesting couches and chairs to have a fun group together for dinner. The food is delicious and fun to enjoy with the group. Even the pizza is killer! Also, the service is wonderful and you can head up to Moon and Playboy after dinner. Definitely recommend to a fun group that wants to enjoy a meal before they go out.
4	I went to Nove for High Society (day club on Sunday from 1-7). I will have to come for dinner. The tables have a fantastic view of the city and I liked the decor.  The servers were super friendly and I loved their uniforms (corsets with tutus or pageboy trousers with argyle socks).  The buffet was pretty decent but I had the best tiramisu there I've had in a very long time. The server said they had a great martini selection but didn't have anything with cucumber or pomegranate.  Had a gimlet instead.  Decent.  GM came by, gave us his card and a round of shots. He was really hot. lol. The music was good. We had a feeling the crowd hadn't gone to bed yet and this was their after party.Overall, a good vibe.
4	After checking in, we went cruising for a snack and lucked out by landing in Nove for happy hour. What an impressive space! Beautiful lighting, regal sofa nooks overlooking the skyline and great service set the scene. Actually, since it was around 5:30 or 6:00 there was no 'scene,' which left us with very personalized, attentive service. We had some strong, fresh cocktails ($7) and a nice meat/cheese plate and pizza with shrimp ($7). Later we ate dinner on the strip, but I longed for the fresh food and special feeling we had at Nove earlier that night.
4	Had a great time at Nove.  Saturday 5/22/10, party of 13, 9pm reservation.  Mike was our server and Erica was our sommelier - both provided excellent attentive service.  Mike suggested appetizers (try the calamari - best ever!) and Erica suggested reasonably priced Prosecco for a toast.  Other appetizers included two flatbreads and the charcuterie plate - all excellent.  Guests dined on osso bucco, various pastas and fish dishes.  Everyone raved at how good the meal was.  At the end, they brought complementary desserts to all guests.  Highly recommended - menu has all price points and can satisfy even the pickiest eater.  After dinner head up to Playboy Club and enjoy the older gentleman dressed in white dancing to every song.  He was a true delight!
4	Nove is an amazing restaurant, the view from a corner table is not to be missed. The food and wine are very very good. Been here about 4 times and each time you walk away satisfied, also has a private entrance to playboy and moon via escalators in the restaurant which can be convenient.  Bar menu is also very good and the waiters are great at what they do.
3	Located at the top of the Palms hotel, basically, you are paying more for the view of the Strip than the food.The octopus salad I had was was probably the best thing.  The octopus was very tender.The chicken marsala had mushrooms and chicken but seemed to lack the marsala part of the dish.  Was still decent, but definitely not what I would have expected.  The veal nove was pretty good and I would consider getting that if I came back again.  Their death by potatoes was different, but super rich.  The garlic and cheese fried potatoes were not good at all.  Do not get those.Their cheesecake which was made with marscapone was pretty goodThey also have a cannoli dessert where you make your own cannolis and get all kinds of things to top it with.  That was fun but didn't have the same ricotta taste as most cannolis.Service was good, but with so many more restaurants in Vegas to try, I'm not sure when/if I will be back.
4	Every Sunday, Nove's High Society Day Club starts at 1pm.  This event is Las Vegas first day club! It was pretty cool and different from any other events in the city. They offer $30.00 for an all you can eat buffet with exquisite selection of food. Large prawns,  muscles, pastas, salads and desserts! You can also have bottle service with your food, DJ spinning and a sunny view of the city from high above. Everyone is dancing, eating, drinking and having a great time! It was fun to watch and even a better time eating!
5	Ate at Nove tonight as a special treat from my wife. The view is amazing and the decor tasteful. The food was excellent. The bread sticks were the best tasting I've ever had. We had the calamari appetizer which was fantastic. Lightly breaded and with exactly the right amount of garlic and lemon. The chef also prepared a special crostini one with salmon and the other with tuna I thought the tuna was the best, it had a balsalmic reduction that added a bit of sweetness. For my main entree I had the Nove spaghetti that had king crab, calamari, shrimp and scallops in a tomato sauce. The seafood was cooked perfectly.  We didn't save room for dessert unfortunately. There were so many amazing dishes on the menu that I'd definitely go back for a special occasion. And the restaurant having a door into the Playboy club has a positive effect on the eye candy as the youthful clientele is definitely fun to watch in those short skirts.
5	Had another AMAZING dinner at Nove Italiano tonight.It was date night and we were meeting another couple.  It was also the first time that I was seated in the area at the back of the restaurant with the awesome view of the strip.I started with a Pimmp's cup (Pimm's, Hendrick's gin, cucumber, strawberry, apple).  It was refreshing and not too sweet, but I don't think I'll be ordering it again any time soon.We decided to eat everything family style; pretty much order a bunch of food  and just share.We had the house-made salumi, calamari, fried squash blossoms and the shrimp francaise. It was nice to try the 4 or 5 different cured meats/sausages on the salumi platter. Calamari was served hot with peppers, fresh grated parm and a splash of lemon.  The squash blossoms were stuffed with diced zucchini and king crab, then battered, fried and served with a nice lemon butter sauce; a nice change from the "traditional" ricotta filling.  The shrimp francaise was yummy; dipped in nice egg batter, pan-fried (i think) and with a similar (if not the same) lemon butter sauce.Chef sent out some nice individual Caesar salads: whole hearts of romaine dressed with a light, almost lemony, Caesar dressing and a couple of garlicky, parmesan croutons. Delicious.For the main course, we shared a balsamic rib eye, whole sea bass, and osso bucco with risotto and English peas with Polenta and asparagus as our sides.We ordered the rib eye medium and it was grilled to perfection.  They marinate their steaks in olive oil, garlic and herbs before grilling them.  The tanginess of the balsamic vinegar complimented the rich, fatty ribeye well. 2 or 3 slices was plenty for me.The sea bass was served whole (with the skeleton/bones removed table side) tasty and served with a nice salsa verde.  I wasn't really in a fishy mood, though.The osso bucco was good.  So tender it had fallen off the bone and I was able to "cut" through it with a spoon.  I loved the risotto with peas that it was served with... and I don't usually like risotto, but this one was creamy and rich and perfectly cooked; not too hard and not too mushy.The polenta was rich and delicious and served topped with ragout (meat sauce) and shaved parmesan.The asparagus was grilled (I think) and topped with a fried egg.  SO good when you pop the yolk and let it drip all over the place.I'm new at the whole wine thing, so I can't properly describe (or remember) the wines we had.  I know there was a red, and an Italian white (which had a bit of a bubble to it; I had thought it was a sparkling wine that went flat) and a nice dessert wine (santo vino or vino santo... like I said, I'm new to this)   We also had a round of Espresso shots and some sort of sweet, creamy, almost caramelly shot.DESSERT the main event in my book ;)My boyfriend LOVES the cheesecake, but it was a bit heavy for me after our super rich meal.  It IS delicious though.  Made with mascarpone in the actual cheesecake and frosted with a mascarpone cream and with a kind of butter cookie crust in place of the "traditional" graham cracker.My favorite is the Strawberry Carpaccio.  Thin sliced strawberries artfully arranged, drizzled with balsamic reduction, topped with toasted panko and served with a scoop of creme fraiche sorbet.  Light, refreshing AND delicious.Our friend ordered the chocolate bread, which I had heard stories of but always forget to order.  Crusty, grilled Italian bread with white chocolate and hazelnuts served with a generous quinelle of dark chocolate ganache drizzled with olive oil and sprinkled with sea salt.  It may sound odd to some, but trust me, it works.  It was delicious.Bottom Line:It may be pricey for some, but OMG it's worth it.  My boyfriend and I rarely have a date night without our daughter, but maybe 2 out of 3 of our last ones were at Nove (we have brought her daughter here once with no problems at all, we just decided not to tonight)  The food, the view, the service.  All amazing.
1	This place is garbage... It really is.... I am basing that mostly off of the price you pay and what you get in return.... For Vegas standards, the food quality is poor... It seemed like it was cafeteria style...So here are the positives:1) We received 1000 points on opentable.....2) Busboys were helpful except that we had to fill out glasses with bottled water we brought with usHere are the negatives: 1) Rude lady at the downstairs counter when you check in...... There is no point in being rude.... It isn't that hard to explain where the elevator is to go to the restaurant.... Sorry i haven't been here before...2) The website talks about a view but the curtains were down so you can't see outside... Garbage...3) Waiter: He was ok.... One of those guys that is trying to hustle for a tip.... It was obvious...4) Price: Rip off for what you get.... There is no point in paying that much money... None... They also screwed up the drink order...It is just not for me........... I am curious if they get repeat business.......
5	Great place to experience and feel Vegas while dinning. Great Staff and Gino keeps the menu fresh. My suggestion if there is two or more in your party is to order a Steak El Forno Style, the Caesar Salad with fresh anchovies, the octopus, and the Mediterranean Sea bass. Share that meal and you will understand why this is one of my favorite Restaurants in Las Vegas.
4	Went here last night for happy hour with my hubby before checking out a show.  The service was impeccable from the hostess Angela to all of the bar staff.    We both shared crab cakes, 2 pizza's one shrimp and the other sausage and pepper as well as the salami cheese platter.  The Italian Stallion there version of a dirty martini was to die for with blue cheese and salami stuffed olives .  The bartender Blaise also made some killer shots with espresso, vanilla vodka and Kahlua.  If you are looking for a place with cheap drinks this is not the spot however if you are looking for attentive service, an awesome view and some amazing drinks and grub you should check this place out.
5	This place was awesome!On the 51st floor of the Palms, this restaurant has excellent views of Vegas. We went with a party of 7 on a Saturday night at about 8:30. We were seated immediately on the 2nd level, which seemed much quieter and private than downstairs. The staff was friendly and more than happy to take pictures of our group. I don't think my water cup went down more than half the cup without it being refilled. But the best part was the food.Some of my favs:Salmon tartare, Death by Potatoes, 24 oz ribeye steak on the bone drizzled with balsamico, cheescakeAll in all, it was a great experience and I would definitely go again
5	Nove was amazing! With our party of 7 we were seated right away and were taken care of by the staff for our entire evening. Although it is quite pricey, the views, the food, & the service are definitely worth it! I recommend:Death by Potatoes, Risotto, & Salmon tartare
4	Brunch happens to my favorite meal but since I started eating healthier I haven't been doing many brunches out. I rarely find great options and always feel deprived. I heard great buzz about Nove's brunch and decided to try  it. I was thrilled! The party atmosphere is electric and fun, with music and dancing. In addition to decadent deliciousness, healthy options abound at this fabulous buffet. The made-to-order, inventive frittata station doubles as an eggs benedict station. They made me an awesome egg white frittata, which I enjoyed with my cold seafood, fresh berries and grilled vegetables. There were also plenty of salad selections, meat options and traditional brunch fare with Nove flair.  The buffet was diverse and everything we tried was very good. My friend (a vegetarian) enjoyed pizza, pasta salads and more. We also loved the classy serve-yourself coffee/tea area, featuring whipped cream and other special touches. And the desserts and cocktail selections were really impressive! Try the espresso shots. Terrific, attentive staff, great music, fun crowd.  Chef Geno was mingling with customers as was the amiable GM.  Can't wait to return.
4	Amazing view and great prices for happy hour! I'm not sure what days this place has happy hour, but the hours are normally from 4-8pm.  Their happy hour menu includes wine and appetizers for $7!  I had the Pinot Grigio and the tortellino appetizer.  This place includes a full bar and a lounge area if you have a group / cocktail party.  The playboy lounge and Moon nightclub is located directly above this restaurant.
4	3.5. nice views :) and solid meal
4	My girls and I cabbed it over to Nove on Sunday afternoon to partake in the High Society brunch buffet. We walked in and immediately were greeted by girls in super cute, short, corset dresses and directed to our cake tier topped table. There were balloons. There were cupcakes and cakes.  The busboys were dressed up too, in top hats and short pants with long, argyle socks. It was a little Alice in Wonderland, a little Clockwork orange, a little over the top - I loved it.There's a DJ playing music so that you can keep your groove goin' from the night before, and dancers in skimpy outfits to help the ambiance. The cocktails are all extremely well crafted, creative twists on classics (i.e. my Bloody Harry had bacon and beef jerky in lieu of celery, and a bacon salt rim., the sangria was strawberry guava).The buffet is bountiful: there are several salads, pasta, panini, pizza, cheese and cured meats, french toast, fruit, crudite, roasted veggies, shrimp with a very tasty cocktail sauce, and even a made to order frittata station. There is a make your own coffee bar and then there are miniature desserts galore. All of the food was very, very good and very, very fresh. So fresh that several times during the meal we watched them refresh the food even though it had barely been touched, and they didnt put the old food on the new platters either. The pasta was still al dente, which was a great surprise - I think they are the only buffet that I have seen that managed to accomplish al dente buffet pasta. The fruit was ripe and there was a huge variety, including long stemmed strawberries and whole plums and peaches. The service was spectacular - Marie was extremely sweet and attentive without being overbearing. She had excellent suggestions, and when she took our picture she even suggested an alternate spot with better light. She also brought out frittatas over from the frittata stations so that we didn't need to hang around waiting for it. Our water were always replenished and she always made sure we were good on alcohol. The busboys always cleared my plates and glasses very promptly.The vibe is totally relaxed and chilled; I would go back to High Society in a heartbeat.
5	Absolutely Amazing Italian!You're greeted by staff in the Palms Hotel, they whisk you away to the 51st floor where a team of gorgeous hostesses take you to your table.  I was at table by the window with an amazing view of the city.  But the real noteworthy thing is the amazing food.  Started with an appetizer easily big enough to be a meal (pesto pizza with chicken).  Dinner was Nove Spaghetti (Scallops, Clams, Shrimp, Calamari with black & white pasta in red sauce) and Penne Ala Vodka with Shrimp.  Both were absolutely divine.  The service was impeccable and the waiter suggested the meatballs as a side which were absolutely the best I've ever had.  In fact eating the leftover huge meatball this am is what prompted this review.  Definitely check this place out!
5	Wow. Great dinner at nova at the top of palms casino. Amazing. Buchetta, squash soup, truffle risotto with the 3 largest scallops ever seen.  Sunday gravy, the best looking pasta a meatballs. White wine just melted with the meal. Sommelier anuhea's pick. Wow.
5	Martin M. took me here for a special birthday dinner this weekend, and all I can say is just wow. After being directed to an exclusive elevator up to the 51st floor, we were greeted by a gorgeous view of a Palms tower and the Vegas city lights. It was absolutely breathtaking!We started out with cocktails. I ordered a peach bellini that turned out to be more Prosecco than anything else (but that's okay because I love Prosecco). The table bread was a trio of Italian with cheese, crispy breadsticks reminiscent of fried wonton strips, and the star of the platter - fresh foccacia. For our appetizer, we decided to share the grilled octopus. That was delicious - beautifully charred without being burnt, well-seasoned, and on top of it all, the dish consisted of whole baby octopi (as opposed to slices and dices of larger octopi).I had been wanting to try the Nove Spaghetti since we made our reservation two weeks ago, and it turned out we both ordered the same entree. It certainly did not disappoint! I was surprised to discover that the pasta was a mix of regular spaghetti and squid ink spaghetti, both freshly made. The tomato sauce was pleasantly seafood-y and they were generous with the shrimp, scallop, lobster, and squid. The shrimp was perfectly cooked (one of my biggest food pet peeves is overcooked shrimp) and the scallop was wonderfully soft and firm at the same time. Loved it!Even though we were feeling pretty full, we ordered the Nutella Tower for dessert. The presentation was impressive, but the semi-freddo was just too sweet for us.Service was superb and the atmosphere was classy and trendy. Honestly, it was the best birthday dinner yet!
4	Food was amazing. I had the linguine with scallops. I also had a caesar salad , bruschetta, meat and cheese plate, and who knows what else. Its on top of the Palms and has a gorgeous view! I enjoyed the environment a lot, its pretty swanky. However, It gets a little bad at the end when you have $500 tab and the waiter takes 30 minutes to come back with your check and you find out the next day hes charged you twice and doubled his tip, even after leaving 25%. I deff reccomend it, just hope you don't get stuck with our waiter. Oh and it was my bday- and they brought out the most amazing birthday dessert. It a piece of cheese cake, a peice of chocolate cake, and multiple canolies that you could stuff yourself and a whole separate plate full of toppings! Yum!
4	This review is more like 3.5 but I will round up to 4. Went there during a business trip with my boss and the scene was very nice. I have to say that the service was 5 stars. It almost bordered on too much service. We never felt rushed but we had a few people helping us rather than one waiter. The restaurant itself is very nice and we were seated over in a corner more which was nice because we could talk a little more freely. It gets pretty loud in there if it is busy which it was that night. I ordered the Nove spaghetti which was really good but not spectacular. I have had better dishes when it comes to remembering the food. It had a ton of fish and it was fresh. The scallops were awesome though. No complaints but not the best I have ever had. Close though. My boss got the heirloom tomato salad and he said that was really good. He also got the black bass which he said it was good BUT here is where one star comes off. It was served whole which is OK but they did not fillet it or anything so there were bones in every bite. He finally had to ask the waiter to fillet it but it didn't really help. His quote was " the taste is great but if I am paying this much I don't want to work this hard for my meal" Overall great dinner and good service. The wine selection is also pretty killer.
5	This place was the one restaurant my fiancee and I chose to eat somewhere "fancy". After gorging on the buffets in Las Vegas the day before we decided to hit Up Nove Italiano. We are not the type of people who go for a place that is typically $50+ a plate, so we decided to splurge. We were anticipating a stuck up attitude from the waitstaff to the hostesses and busboys.  We set up out reservation at 7pm and were running a little late after waiting some time to get valet'd. Since we were running a lil late, I had my fiancee go greet the hostess and they were pleasantly patient for us. Upon sitting down we were in awe of the decor of this place from its crystal chandelier to the amazing wine cellar located in the middle this place was beautiful. We didn't get a table with a view which was something we were looking for but the service was hospitable. We ordered a couple of cocktails which were mixed well. We ordered the ravioli carbonara as an app which was one of the best pastas dishes I have ever tasted. we also had a few tastings that Chef Bernardo fixed up. The tasting were Salmon Tare Tare and caprese. I decided to try their LINGUINE CON VONGOLE which is  linguine and clam sauce. it featured clams Rockefeller style and it tasted superb. My fiancee got the PANSOTTI which was braised short-ribs in a brown butter sauce. these dishes were great and complex in many ways.All in all this place was worth the money the views are spectacular the service was top-top notch and the whole experience was highly memorable!Thanks Nove!
4	For our last night in Vegas we wanted to eat somewhere nice and fancy.  We decided to go to Palms.  We didn't have a reservation but we were seated right away considering it was a weekend.  Food was excellent from calamari appetizers with a touch of jalapeno to main course pasta dish ravioli and lobster.  Service was great.  We had a nice view from the dining area.  The experience was memorable.  And after our meal, we went upstairs to check out the Playboy club.
4	One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. I only come here on special occasions. I would dine at Nove couple times a month but it's a lil too pricey for me to do that. The food is delicious. My faves are the sausage pizza and grilled octupus to start, linguine, and the cannoli for dessert :) So yummy!..Service is kinda slow at times but that never ruins my dinner at Nove.
5	Food and Service are incredible. I am a picky and super critical customer and this is where I take people if I want everything to go perfect. There is not a bad table in the place and they can accomadate almost any request. Always make a reservation but they should be able to get you in either way. It is italian/seafood/steak but they have something for every palate.
4	The restaurant is located on the 55th floor of the Palms Hotel.  Take away the eye sore chandeliers and the choice of sparkly wall decorations behind the bar, the ambiance was workin.  The grilled octopus and shrimp appetizers were great.  The shrimp was coupled with a garlic butter sauce that was light yet complimented the shrimp well. Despite the infamous N9NE steakhouse next door, I was in the mood for some red meat.  I ordered the 24 ounce rib eye steak, while my date went ahead and ordered the tuna.  Both were delicious.  The side of spinach that came with the steak was enough to feed 4 people fyi.  We didn't have room in the belly for dessert, but apparently it was a huge rookie mistake on my part to skip out on the sweets. Oh well, there's always round 2.
5	We were seated at a beautiful table by the windows (which I had requested in advance).  We started with the grilled octopus.  It was phenomenal.  It had some sort of spicy sauce to it that gave it some kick.  Freaking good.  And the portion was pretty large.Within in our party we ordered the Barramundi, the lamb chops, and the veal.  The veal was so tender and melted in your mouth.  Same with the lamb.  It was amazing.  The Barramundi was served whole (which I was aware), however I am accustomed to having the bones taken out before it is served or at the table, and that did not happen.  So though the flavor was so delicate and wonderful, it sucked having to eat around the bones. The sides we ordered were the gnuddi and the mashed potatos.  And my best friend and I split the panzanella salad.The salad was so wonderful.  The big pieces of pancetta made the salad. The gnuddi were so melt-in-your-mouth that words would never do it justice.  And yes, the mashed potatoes were silky and creamy.   We had leftovers...The food was fantastic.  The service was impeccable.  And the ambiance was just what I wanted.  I will note, that we were in the back of the room where it isn't as loud as the main dining area.Definitely hit this place up.
5	Amazing restaurant atop an amazing hotel and casino. The Nove Spaghetti is their signature dish and it is beyond amazing. Great view of the Vegas Strip, especially at night. The table bread was three different varieties. My girlfriend and I started off with cocktails; she had a peach bellini and I had a gingery cocktail (forgot name). For appetizers we had the grilled octopi - amazing flavor and texture because they were baby octopi. Both of us got the Nove Spaghetti and it did not disappoint at all. It was a mix of regular spaghetti and squid-ink spaghetti with numerous types of seafood. So good and amazingly portioned. Price? $42 a plate. Ouch. We finished with a Nutella Tower, too sweet, pretty dry, not so great. I would definitely come back for the Nove Spaghetti. Very high-class, very luxurious restaurant. Wanna do Vegas right? Do Nove Italiano!
3	The service here is awesome, as it should be at this price point.  The atmosphere is that of a nightclub with music and a lively crowed.  We started with the Littleneck clam pizza.  I liked the pizza but the clams were a bit chewy--not melt-in-your mouth as I was hoping for.  The bread service is good--cheese bread, crispy parmesan sticks, and rosemary focaccia.  My husband had the chicken marsala (bone-in double breast) with a good amount of mushrooms.  He liked it.  I tried it and thought it was dry.  I had the osso bucco cannelloni which had amazing flavor and was a large portion.  The cannelloni pasta was very good.  However, there was a lot of osso bucco fat which had a discernible texture from the meat and I had to periodically spit it out (I know gross--but I have a thing for not eating chunks of fat--I just can't do it).  We were too full to attempt dessert and ended the evening at that.
4	A nice restaurant, with the details of a fine dining restaurant and the atmosphere of a relaxed stylish lounge. The food is great and offers unique culinary dishes and the view of the strip makes the dining experience even more enjoyable.
3	I am going to start with the view because it's the best part about Nove Italiano. Don't get me wrong, the food is above average, but not  Amazing.   I had the fillet with their 8yr aged balsamico which I'd suggest if your into that kinda stuff,  and my friends had Pennette Alla Vodka, Chicken Marsala & the Bone in Fillet. After tasting all three I still wasn't as impressed as I wanted to be.   Again the view is amazing food is OK.  I also wasn't impressed with the service as other tables seemed to be getting the A+++ treatment with visits from the chef while we couldn't find anyone to grab us this or that.
2	Ambiance: more of a party party group Italian place than a quiet romantic dinner for 2 or family outing type of place.  The back room has tall bushes carved into the silhouettes of busty ladies.  What do I say when little Johnny asks, "Mommy, why are those trees shaped like girls with big boobs?"  Food: portions are big (again, better for groups!)  The meatballs are half a pound each and the spaghetti dish could have fed a family of 4.  The food has good flavor though, especially the balsamic glaze on the filet mignon.  The house spaghetti with seafood is delicious, but beware that it is a bit spicy so if you have people who can't eat spicy at all, you might want to ask them to tone it down a bit.Service: a little on the slow side, especially on busy nights.  We saw a waiter rushing to bring a table some shrimp scampi who was leaking buttery garlic sauce all over the floor and on the backs of a few couches near the bar.  Hope no one slipped on that.  Lastly, be prepared to wait after dinner to take the elevator back down if it's past 11pm as patrons are being shuttled up to the club.  We waited for 12 minutes exactly and I had to ask the hostess twice if she was sure the elevators were working.
3	The food here was good, but to be honest, I expected more. After drinking yardlongs all day (it was spring break, don't judge!) I didn't have a huge appetite so I just ordered two small plates instead of an entree. I started with the crudo--a fresh selection of sashimi, generously cut, with lemon and olive oil. Simple, it made a good beginning for the meal. I then had the raviolo, which combined a couple of my favorite ingredients: raw egg yolk, pancetta, and truffles. Sadly, it fell flat of my expectations. Don't get me wrong, it was delicious, but I really couldn't taste the truffles at all. A little bit of a tragedy. It was also a tad oversalted and the slightest bit undercooked (and I always prefer my pasta very al dente, so this is a rare criticism from me).I might give Nove Italiano four stars based solely on the food. Unfortunately, the ambiance and the service left a lot to be desired here. With the intimate space and the amazing view, there's so much potential here...but some genius thought that a pleasant accompaniment to a romantic evening at an upscale italian restaurant would be club music pumping through the speakers. Alright, I'll probably be heading up to Moon later, but I'm not trying to get my dance on while I chew my pasta. I'm not saying i need a violin serenading me at the table, but perhaps something a little more lowkey would be more appropriate.I also felt that our waiter, while not unpleasant, didn't seem to have any grasp of the menu whatsoever. And at a restaurant where I'm likely paying $60+ for my meal? You should probably get more than 1/3 of the fishes in the crudo correct ("white tuna" and "tuna" are hardly interchangeable). You should probably know that the appropriate response when I ask if you would recommend the raviolo is not, "It's basically bacon and eggs." You should probably, at the very least, be able to give a rough estimate of the portion sizes. Our waiter couldn't handle any of this. Maybe he was new, or having a bad day, or there was some other explanation for his ill-preparedness. It still rubbed me the total wrong way. I would consider coming back here again for the food, but if I don't, I don't think I'll be too upset.
4	Second time here and was even better.  Nove spaghetti (~$40) filled with prawns, squid, king crab, diver scallop, etc. was a great a choice.  My wife had the Chicken Marsala loaded with about 5 types of shrooms.  Both were excellent choices.  Food top notch, wine selection above average but not the best.  I would recommend it to friends who wanted a good, more upscale, night-out, Italian meal in vegas.The ambiance is a bit clubby and there was plenty of cheese present as well, rounded out by a few older guys whom I always see in these younger, hipper restaurants.  Good view of Vegas since it is on the 51st floor.
5	My Man & I have been here three times this week and have had the most consistent service and dining experience. We start with the crudo and order two because it's too good to share. They offer a slight variation on it each night but it always features fresh sashimi assortment with olive oil, sea salt, and some kind of fruit. We then move to the caprese salad and substitute burrata for the buffalo mozzarella...a delicious decision! Each evening, they have brought out at least one appetizer or feature compliments of the house and they are incredibly accommodating to repeat customers. For our entree, we split a butterflied 8oz filet mignon prepared medium well (they slightly undertook so this leaves the center with just a touch of pink) We tried the Parmesan preparation but prefer the untouched version...we still have to try the much raved about house balsamic. We order the death by potatoes sans meat and either brocolini or spinach, both delicious. In addition to the delicious food, we order the passionfruit mojito...yum! We neve order dessert but when they brought out their strawberry carpaccio to our table, we cleaned that plate too...a light and scrumptious end to a satisfying meal.Pros: service, consistency, management, food, & ambianceCons: none yet;)!
5	Go, run, sprint, and enjoy a food explosion orgasm from Chef Geno's cuisine at Nove. I adore everything about this restaurant. Marcus, a bartender, also rocks my socks off! He along with Chef Geno, knows everything about making you feel genuinely extra special in a city where you and I are one in a million. I neex to send a thank you card! HOLD ONTO YOUR HATS BECAUSE I WILL POST SOME SEXY FOOD PICS OF THE NOVE MASTERPIECES DEVOURED ;)
1	I was recently in Vegas for the weekend with some friends and we thought it would be fun to buy a deal at Nove Italiano which included a 5-course meal and free tickets to all the clubs in the Palms.  Before buying the deal online, I followed the instructions of the deal and made a reservation online to make sure there was availability for the night/time we wanted.  My friends just happened to call the restaurant about something that Friday and they were told they didn't have record of the reservation.  I called them b/c I had printed out the confirmation of the reservation like I was prompted to do.  The girl I spoke to simply told me they didn't have record of it because their online reservation system doesn't work that well.  She acted like that was a good excuse and completely understandable.  When someone books an online reservation and gets a confirmation, it is fair to believe that they will have a reservation.  She offered us a really early time slot (6 p.m.) with no apologies and said that was all she could do.  I was willing to do that but then I was told that the deal we bought couldn't be honored at all that weekend because they had already booked all the deals for those nights.  Since I was only in town for the weekend, I figured they would be flexible due to the fact that the issue resulted from their online reservation system not working.  Nope...nothing.  When I asked to speak to a manager, I was transferred and waited for almost 2 minutes of ringing before I hung up.  I decided to call back and got another girl.  When I mentioned that I was waiting to speak to a manager, she told me they wouldn't be in for at least 3 hours.  That made me even more upset because the girl transferred me knowing full well that no one would be there to help me.  I then explained the situation, left my name/number and asked for a manager to call when they did get it.  The result...NOTHING.  I'm sure this restaurant has good food but when it comes to service, it stinks.  They need to take a lesson in customer service.  An experience this can sour a person on a place forever and that's just what it did with me and I won't be shy to tell others.  Consider yourselves warned....
3	Three friends and I jumped on board for Ladies' Night, downright giddy at the thought of everything on the menu being 50% off. NOVE is a pricey place (we are not middle-aged white men and therefore don't hemorrhage money), and half-off brings the cost down to nearly acceptable.We started with a round of drinks at a little table near the bar. I had a Pimp's Cup, which is some gin, mint, and nonsense concoction that usually costs $18* (* = insane). It was OK, but it was no Twisted Brit from the Chandelier Bar at Cosmopolitan (also known as the best, freshest-tasting drink ever).Once we sat down, service was polite and lacking in pretension. Our waiter even hit me with a "that's what she said," which was refreshing. Annoying point #1: Water is offered as either bottled or sparkling. No tap water option. Any dum-dum who's been in town an hour knows that means "extra charge that will anger you later."I had a caesar salad with fresh anchovies that was fresh and fantastic. I wish I had paid more attention to what everyone else got so I could describe other dishes, but I'm selfish.For the main, I had veal osso bucco with saffron risotto. It looked pretty, if slightly barbaric. The meat completely fell apart in soft chunks at the mere suggestion of my fork's approach (that was the worst sentence I've ever written) and it tasted really very good. The saffron risotto was especially good.When all was said and done, I was 65% happy with NOVE, 20% irritated at the totally unnecessary volume of the totally unnecessary music blaring in the dining room, and 15% peeved at the still-too-high prices. Meh.
5	This is a fun place. Food is very good and not outrageous price.Best part after dinner you can go to the playboy club for free.
3	I was in Vegas for a Bachelorette party and ended up at Nove when Tao couldn't make changes to our reservation. Things weren't starting off well when we didn't get seated for our 8:45 reservation until almost 9:30. In the meantime, we ordered some $20 cocktails as our stomaches started to growl. Once we were finally seated and ordered, it took forever for our food to come out and we didn't end up eating until after 10:30. Our waiter kept saying "its coming out next" "it's on its way" but time kept passing by. We finally piped up that things were not going as they should and the manager sprung into action bringing us a round of shots and later a round of prosecco. I give them points for their efforts to make up for the slow service. I started with a Caesar salad and then had the chicken parmesan. It was all delicious. The chicken was absolutely scrumptious and i ate every last bite. Maybe it was that I hadn't eaten all day, or that I was a few cocktails into my night, but I would give high marks for the food at Nove.In the end they also comped us admission into all the clubs in the Palms, where I ended up seeing Aaron Rodgers at the Playboy club -- this alone made up for my food taking a million years to arrive.
1	do NOT.....I repeat DO NOT take advantage of a "travelzoo", "ladies night" or "insert any special deal here" offer for Nove.  This MAY be a great place to eat with great food...but you DO NOT get any of that, AT ALL...if you are there using any type of discount whatsoever.I came in on a $99 travelzoo deal.  What was supposed to be a $320 meal for two, was nothing more than a Fridays/Applebees happy hour special.  Two glasses of garbage champagne, followed by cold/cool Calamari and a side of 4 pieces of pepperoni and salami.  Then comes the Salmon (avg at best), and the Chicken parmesan (exactly equivilant to Burger Kings).  The chicken was a superthin piece of formerly frozen chicken.  tough, chewy, horrible...and not even hot.  HORRIBLE.  we didnt even eat the desert.We had a bottle of Fiji, a domestic beer, and a $16 glass of wine.  Waiter returns with a $172 bill (after my travelzoo voucher).  not sure if he was trying to con us or not, as the bill showed a $2xx travelzoo discount on it.  He said "oh, no no, thats fine, just deduct that $99 from the bill and thats what we charge, this is just how the receipt is done".  Yea..whatever guy.  So, we were charged the tax on the full $320, and gratuity was also fully added on the $320 (even tho we saw our waiter twice), plus the $9 bottle of Fiji water.  In the end, it cost me a total of $171 (voucher included), to eat what would have cost about $25 at a Fridays or Applebees happy hour.  And to be completely honest....it would have been better at either of those joints.  Absolutely unreal that they would do this, even as a revenue booster in a bad economy.  The food does not represent their establishment in the least (id really hope not!), and for someone who did well at the casino, I would have been interested in going back to have it again (if its all that people says its cracked up to be on the regular menu).  But we'll never know.  And have NO intention of ever finding out.  Left with a bad taste in our mouths...both figuratively and literally.  one star is too much.
4	got the travel zoo deal.it was way worth it.supposed to get 5 course meal but got 8 or 9 different dishes and desert.everything taste great.ordered an extra desert strawberry with ice cream (can't remember the name) it's amazing.the service is excellent.best of all, clubbing afterward at palm.my advice for using the travel zoo is to use it on Friday and Saturday night only since it come with an all access wristband.
2	Good atmosphere, decent service. Food is mediocre and way over priced. I've had far better meals and paid half the price. The overpriced beer selection was pathetic (2 or 3 options) and the overpriced wine was average. We sent back the salads the waiter raved about as they were terrible (bitter). We had a table of 6 and only 2 of us were happy with their meals. Overall, very disappointing. BTW, we did not have any coupons or deals. Unfortunately, we paid full price.
4	Excellent food, attentive and friendly service. Beautiful views and interior. Would definitely go back!
4	If I had known my husband was going to take me here for dinner after watching a movie, I would have worn clubbing outfit. This place is trendy and if you dine here, you can skip the lines and get access to Palm's Moon and Playboy Club. I loved the entrees.  We had the Veal Nove and the Nove Spaghetti.  Both were really, really good.  I honestly think that if the dish has the restaurant's name on it, then more than likely, it has bragging rights.  Nove Italiano is your quintessential club scene Vegas dining. It boasts views of the strip.  The menu is priced accordingly for the kind of restaurant that it is.  The wine list is decent.Did I mention the spaghetti was really good?  I mean really.
5	Came to Nove for a freidns birthday and the experience was wonderful.  Get the "sunday gravy" just like grandma used to make,,,no shit!!!  The food was clean fresh and interesting.  The wine was nice,,,the tequila cucumber shot was incredible.  Thank you
5	Amazing from start to finish.... Will definitely be back!
4	Almost a 5 star, the food was very good had the shrimp franchaise i might go back just to have that and we got compliments from the chef he sent us 2 other appetizers which were good too The main dish i had was the filet with this balsamic finish it was sooo good also got the death by potatoes and they were very tasty too the reason why they only get 4 stars is because we had a 6:00 RSVP but we didn't get sat till 6:30 and there was no one there, we were the first people there, then after we ate and paid the bill with a nice tip they asked us to hurry along because there was a party awaiting but when we walked thru the bar there was no one waiting. over all the food was out of this world the service not the best I would still recommend it and would definitely go back
3	Came here with my cousin after buying the Travel Zoo deal and unfortunately read the below reviews about the deal being junk. Not the case! We chose to go on a Sunday evening as the fancy last meal in Vegas. We made a reservation for 7:15pm, showed up, and were immediately seated. At this time, the restaurant was semi-busy but it got to be quite loud and packed around 8:30-9. Avoid going at these times if you would like to hear anyone speak at your table.We were brought a menu with the dishes we would be served that evening, and were poured our complimentary champagne. A plate of margarita pizza was the first to arrive was fairly tasty. Cracker-thin crust and a very light spread of tomato sauce and cheese. Following it was a meat and cheese plate, calamari, and gnocchi with a meat ragu. I don't eat pork and don't prefer calamari and so I avoided those, but the gnocchi were very light and delicious. For mains, we had salmon with spinach, and chicken parmigiana.  The salmon was very delicious and I really enjoyed having spinach as a side as there weren't any other vegetables throughout the meal. The chicken was blah. Very saucy. Tough meat. Blah. While portions looked to be on the small side for 2 people, there was no way we could get through all of this. Service was amazing throughout our meal. Our water glasses were never less than 1/2 full and plates were quickly bused off our table as soon as we put our forks down. My sister joined us at the restaurant and ordered separately and was very delighted with her meal.It's true that they minus what the original cost of what the meal would have been, from your bill. So you get a bill that is $320 and then they credit your voucher and you pay tax and tip on top. Not the best procedure as my heart certainly flipped when I saw $320 on there, but they take care of you and it's a lovely meal.A word of caution not to use this deal on a Sunday evening. We did and figured we would just go to Ghostbar to check out the view. Low and behold, it was closed for a private event and so we lost out on that portion of the deal. Try a Friday or Saturday instead to get your full money's worth. Also check a directory when you get to the hotel as the Nove elevators are at the opposite side to the doors.
3	This review is based on the preselected food that we got because we bought the travelzoo voucher. I really hope the food that you order off the menu is wayyyy better. Seriously for this place being so nice and obviously expensive I was expecting alot better. The voucher was for a five course meal worth $310 dollars. I've never had a meal for that much. But I have eaten at some nice places so I am putting the actual price of this food at $150, and I'm being generous with that. The taste was equivalent to Macaroni Grill or Olive Garden. Like I said I hope the actual menu is better. If not they are ripping people off. The staff was very nice and attentive but it almost feels like you have a big scarlet letter on you "V" for voucher cause the food comes so quickly. Oh and It's not hot either.
5	Nove Italiano did the catering for a meeting my work was hosting and I loved It! The food was delectable and the restaurant was just gorgeous. Nove Is perfect for a romantic evening out with the honey-bunny, a birthday or business lunch and they have a happy hour for the ladies where they get 50% off their entire order on Tuesdays. Try the Tartare
1	So disappointed with our entire experience.  A party of 10, we picked the place for the view. On top of the Palms hotel.  The curtains were closed! They said they were not working! All of our 10 entrees were awful!  I would never recommend this establishment to anyone.
1	Fail for the Travelzoo deal.  Paid $99 for the voucher, which was to include full dinner for 2.  What they failed to mention was the restaurant would make you pay tax & 20% gratuity on the "retail price" of the offer ($320+).  So this $99 groupon-esque deal actually ended up costing $200.  Oh, and the food sucked.
5	I would have never come to Nove Italiano had I not purchased the amazing TravelZoo deal I found. The deal cost me $99 for a chefs menu meal for me and my date the estimated value was $310! Our meal started with 5 different appetizers which were all amazing. Among them calamari and banana peppers, a small salami and cheese plate, a delicious buffalo mozzarella pizza as well as an out of this world Cesar salad. Next was a perfect portion of risotto with pesto and pine nuts. After that salmon over a bed s deliciously cooked spinach, oven baked chicken parmigiana and rigatoni with meat sauce. The last plate was dessert, a chocolate gnash with an almond toast, yum! Two glasses of champagne were included and in the end all we had to pay for was the wine we purchased, a wonderful Pinot Grigio and the tip.I didn't even mention the view, it was spectacular. Considering that the Palms, where the restaurant is located is off the strip a bit you get to look back on the strip where all the hubbub is. Lastly, along with the deal we gained access to all of the nightclubs in the hotel which was an added bonus.I highly recommend Nove Italiano for delicious food and out of this world service. If you can't afford it out right, look for a deal, it is well worth it.Enjoy!
2	Well let me break this down in 2 parts (pros/cons)Pros: if RSVP early you can get the tables with the viewCons: only a few tables get a viewPros: you will catch a glimps of some famous people Cons: if someone famous does come your service will be affected.Pros: food selection is not bad. Not that priceyCons: appetizers are the best part of the meal.Pros: the management will make it right if you complain enoughCons: they make u feel like an ass
5	When I went, we made a reservation and had a great view. The food was some of the best I've ever had and the service was excellent. I will definitely be back.
5	Dude the chef is amazing there! I.love Italian food. He always shows luv when i go. Gino your the issh
5	wow service was fantastic!!! great interior . The complimentary amuse bouche was 8 pieces. The Salumi plate was generous!!!! my only con was the glasses off Perrier Jouet were slightly over half the glass and for $20 a glass I would expect a fuller pour. My risotto with wild sea scallops and english peas and white asparagus was so good!
4	I ordered ravioli and it was great! Small portion but more then filling, I also ordered the nana meatballs but they forgot to put in and had after my meal but the bar tender compensated and gave us a free desert!. Great atmosphere and would come again.
1	I purchased the Travelzoo knowing darn well that tax and gratuity weren't included. WHAT I DID NOT EXPECT WAS A 20% TAX TO BE ADDED ON THE VALUE OF MY MEAL AUTOMATICALLY. Not knowing this I tipped another 20 bucks. No where on my voucher, menu, restaurant, website, waiter telling us did it clearly state that a 20% gratuity would be added ON ALL PURCHASES. Not only that it was based on the value of the meal which is arbitrary at best. I now noticed travelzoo has $410 dollar value voucher for $99 for almost the exact same thing.....well except instead of a $62 dollar tip on a $99 dollar meal they will get an $82 dollar tip on a $99 dollar meal. Food was sub par at best. My gf and I didn't even finish it all or want to take it home. BEWARE of this place. If you want somewhere nice in the Palms try ALIZE they are 10x better and a whole heck of a lot cheaper which is sad because they were a lot fancier than this place.
5	The best steak I have ever eaten was the bone in ribeye al forno style. I sat at the bar by myself before I saw Kanye West and was in steak heaven. The steak was a seared garlic parmesan heaven. Plus I got broccoli rob. Plus the chef heard I was going to see Kanye and sat and chatted with me. Awesome service. Cant wait to go back
4	Came here for NYE and the subsequent countdown that took place. Had an amazing time feasting on classic Italian dishes and appetizers that have been reinvented with a modern twist. The drinks are equally good and out of this world. First time I had a drink with raw egg whites in it. Extra creamy and robust! The view is breathtaking, especially around New Years. It's only a few floors down from the Ghost Bar and Playboy Lounge...if that's something you're interested in.
4	Great dinner! Sat in lounge/bar area with some friends and had a handful of apps, drinks, dinners, and dessert. Service was top notch. The only complaint is the $9 Coors Light. Otherwise great.
5	WOW, what an amazing Italian restaurant!  My girlfriend and I decided that on our last night in Sin City, we wanted to treat ourselves to a relaxing evening over delicious food and wine.  We were staying at the Palms, so Nove seemed like the perfect ending to our fun-filled weekend.  We made reservations at 8:00 on a Sunday evening so first off, the restaurant wasn't very packed.  Luckily enough, though, we were able to sit towards the back of the restaurant where the view is spectacular: the whole Las Vegas strip.  The lighting was very low and each booth had their own mini-fireplace.  Also, there were grass statues of human figures, which almost made you feel like you were outdoors in Italy somewhere.  Our waiters were amazingly thoughtful, quick, friendly, and patient.  We didn't want to rush through our courses so we really took the time to enjoy everything from the food, the company, the wine, and the atmosphere.  We started off with a bottle of Pinot Grigio and salads, which they split for us.  For our entrees, I decided to get the steak (medium) with a side of their broccoli, which was smothered in garlic.  SO GOOD!  My friend got a pasta dish and a side of their to-die-for-mashed-potatoes....also full of garlic.  :)  The evening was perfect and I would recommend this for large parties, intimate dates, or just a peaceful night with friends.
4	yummers!!! Travelzoo special
4	This restaurant was great. I came here during a girls trip to Sin City for a friend's birthday and we had her birthday dinner here. The food was fantastic. The bar there is great. If you do go, make sure you try the "Cuidado" shot. I'm not sure if it's actually on the menu or just a bartender creation, but it was amazing: tequila, tabasco, some kind of pepper and just the right amount of burn as you toss it back. As far as the food, the ravioli was amazing as was their chocolate cake for dessert. The view was gorgeous from the top of the Palms hotel, you could see lights for miles.
5	Went for the view and ambiance after reading about this restaurant on Yelp... and both truly were great.Food was great too, though I wouldn't label it as authentic Italian... more like Vegas-Italian fusion.  Loved the "black and white" spaghetti.Service good (also fast... which some people like, others don't).Only negative is price.
5	Wow!  Chef Geno Bernardo and staff brought course after course of exquisitely prepared dishes that were each and together a taste experience truly transcendent!   The smooth transition of dishes with flavors that contrasted or complimented alternately made for a dining composition that was artful, stimulating and delicious !!!  The pork belly gnocchi and duck tortellini  were as robust and intense as the yellowtail-pepper  sashimi was subtle.  Marvelous service, extraordinary San Giovese by the glass, beautiful and thick crema on the espresso put the frosting on a delicious experience cake.
4	Outstanding service and dining!Fantastic view.Convenient location one floor down from the Playboy Club.
5	I wont eat at another restaurant until I've tried everything on their menu. This is the best restaurant we have ever been to. It kicks all the other restaurants ass especially compared to the Bay Area! Amazing food!!!
2	My best friend and I were in town over the weekend to see John Legend's concert at the Palms.  Since we knew that New Year's Eve was going to be utter chaos, we decided to make a reservation at a restaurant at the Palms to make sure that we had a great night and didn't miss any of our plans.I made a reservation for Nove on December 6th.  The next day, December 7th, I received a call confirming my reservation for two people on December 31st at 6:30 p.m.  I thought that it was a little weird to call the day after I made the reservation and not closer to when we would be at the restaurant, but I figured since it was a big and busy holiday, they might be doing things differently.  I never received another call from the restaurant.My friend and I showed up for our reservation at 6:30 and were informed by the hostess downstairs that they not only did not have any reservation under my name, but had no record of me in the reservation system.  Funny since I had made the reservation directly through the Palms website.  She apologized but said that this problem happened often and they would do the best to fit us in.Once we got off the elevator upstairs, the hostess upstairs took us to a table on the second floor.  On the way, we noticed that a good percentage of the restaurant was empty.  The hostess showed us to a high top table (where we had to perch on barstool like chairs -- not easy for two girls dressed up in fancy dresses and heels).  I asked if we could sit at any of the regular tables and was told no.The manager then came over and introduced himself.  I told him about what happened and even showed him the confirmation email for my reservation, which I had on my phone.  He acted like I was making it up that I had ever made a reservation and refused to move us anywhere else but finally said that he would comp us a glass of champagne each and promised to check up on us and to later give us his business card.Well he did comp us a glass of champagne, but that's all he did.  He never came and checked up on us and we never saw him again throughout the evening.The food was very mediocre.  We split several dishes, including the Nove Spaghetti.  Nothing stood out as being amazing, and both of us were pretty dissatisfied with the meal.  In fact, we didn't even finish our dishes despite the high cost.  The only things that were great about the meal were the view and our waiter (I think his name was Michael).  He literally could not have done anything better and made a very mediocre meal seem ok.Will I come back?  Absolutely not.  The manager's attitude left a really bad taste in my mouth and the food was no where near good enough to make up for the numerous mistakes throughout the night.The ONLY reason this restaurant isn't getting one star is the amazing waiter we had and the view.  Definitely avoid this restaurant -- there are way better places to dine in Vegas where you don't have to deal with lost reservations and attitude problems by the employees.
5	I'm generally not a fan of shelling out for expensive Italian restaurants but this isn't your typical place.  It's certainly a 5 star experience if you combine the great view of the strip, service, atmosphere and the walk up to Moon and the Playboy Club afterwards.I've been able to sample a few of the dishes here and have enjoyed all of them.  The standout appetizers would be the baby octopus, raviolo and calamari.  I had the Sunday Gravy pasta the last time which included braciole, sausage, meatballs and pork gravy.  Heart attack on a plate!  It felt so wrong yet sooooo right.  The Nove spaghetti, pansotti (short ribs, brown butter, hazelnuts, spinach) and veal Nove were also very memorable from past visits.  The dessert menu is decent if you actually have room for it.  This would be a great place to take some first timers visiting LV since you could cover a lot they would want to see in one evening.  Just make sure to have dinner a bit later than usual so you can enjoy the festivities upstairs when you're full as a bull.
4	LOVE this place!!!! Everyone is extremely friendly! Got to  meet the head chef Gino and he was an awesome guy to talk with and his menu was fantastic!  The only thing I had a problem with was the coked out cocktail waitress wiping her nose and asking one of the guys at the next table if they wanted to do a bump.  I know, I know I was eavesdropping but how could u not right? Her breasts were nice though! I would come back for the food for sure!!!
5	Probably the best italian food I've ever had in my life.  We started off with the gnocchi appetizer and it was to die for.  It is very easy for people to ruin gnocchi as I have experienced on multiple occasions, but they definitely know how to do it right here.For my meal, I had the seafood pasta with the marinara and alfredo sauce combo and it was unbelievable.  Seriously unbelievable.  I have attempted to recreate a similar dish in my own kitchen with little success at matching the true awesomeness of theirs.I will definitely be returning every time I come to Vegas!
3	Not bad. I probably won't go back anytime soon but it is a cool place to take in the view. It was expensive, the wait staff has a way of recommending things that all add up. Our check was over $200 for balsamic steak, chicken Marsala, a side of risotto and gnocchi, and a glass of wine each.
3	Took a group of 14 there last night.  The food is really good and the view is one of the best in Vegas and worth the visit.  The bar is connected to the dining room so it can get very loud at times.  The service is average as our courses from the set menu came out very slow.  The palms used to be the happenings lace but given the large sign outfront now says "$10 blackjack all day" I'm not sure that is the case.  Anyway...a good dinner but just know what your getting into.
4	This was the best dinner my husband and I have ever had.  Seated at the windows, at the top of the Palms, we enjoyed the view of the city while dining.  Husband had an 18oz Ribeye that was cooked to perfection.  I had the Nove Spaghetti ( signature dish) and it was heaven.  We shared these and seriously couldn't decide which we loved more.  We will definitely be returning on our next trip to Sin City.
5	Chef Geno thank you! Always fantastic!
5	Came to Nove after months of wanting to check it out.. we came specifically for appetizers and drinks at the bar/lounge and were very happy with this place! After trying Simon at Palms Place and being disappointed I was really hoping Nove would live up to my expectations of the hype. Marcus was our bartender as well as another sweet girl whose name I do not recall. We got some sort of shrimp salad appetizer (the artichoke hearts in it were DELICIOUS) and the shrimp was flavorful and cooked well, in addition we got some of their rendition of fries which were reminiscent of the ones my mom makes from scratch at home but, mom still does it better. The sauce was kind of weird and too cold of a contrast in my opinion. The chef also sent out a small plate of two different kind of crostini type appetizers, the bean one was interesting but salty and the sweeter of the pair was sumptuous. I had a pomegranate type martini off the specialty menu and was thoroughly buzzing after that.. well balanced flavor and a nice texture. We also were spoiled with a complementary spicy shot (Can't recall the name but went down so smooth and had a nice tingle after from the marinated 5 pepper tequila.. ask to see the ones they're marinating, so cool!!) and we enjoyed an espresso martini which was beyond delicious! Marcus is an amazing bartender/server and knows his craft!! Totally coming back to Nove Italiano.. hopefully Adrienne Maloof is there next time ;)
4	Good meal. Great service. Phenomenal view.We had the oysters, yellowtail, veal, filet mignon, risotto with beef cheeks. The chef sent us a couple additional dishes including a really nice albacore sashimi, a side of broccolini, crostinis with various toppings and some sort of alcohol-infused strawberries - delicious and handfed by one of the servers, no less! The risotto was a bit on the salty side but overall, we were happy with our meal and extremely pleased with the service.Heard some people on the way out (including the elevator guy) raving about the Shrimp Francaise which is described on the menu only as "The Best You Ever Had." I wanna come back and try it!The view, however, is the star of the show - inside *and* out. The city looks amazing from here at night, and the restaurant itself is very cool. Love the lighting and colors, especially the wine room in the back.
3	We there for dinner on a Friday night and had a good dinner. The service was excellent and the place was definitely poppin. The food was good but not great. We had one app, 4 drinks and two entrees for around $200. I might go back and try it again but for that price I'd rather go N9NE steakhouse and love their food.
5	It was Restaurant Week, and after tasting an inventive pasta dish that had a lasting impression on me, and meeting Chef de Cucina Geno Bernardo, at Dish 2011, I was at last dining in the flesh at Nove with Diane.  As soon as I left the elevator at the top of the Palms Playboy Tower, and saw the sleek furniture and breathtaking view of the Las Vegas valley from the wall to ceiling glass panes, I instantly knew that I liked this place.  Hard driving music with a nice modern vibe added to the upscale ambiance.  After various bread products, olive oil, salt, red spice, and requested butter were set before us, we were surprised by a generous assortment of amuse bouche prepared by Chef Bernardo.  Some vegetables and pesto were spread on toast tips, and two cute bent silver spoons had been loaded with heaping spoonfuls of a textured concoction that tasted like smashed pea beans and was cool to the tongue.    A platter of Salumi with savory housemade salami, ham, and great Ricotta Cheese was next, along with very tender Federal Hill Calamari (both rings and tentacles) enhanced by a very lemony Lemon Aioli made per our request.  Ravioli Risotto Bianco with pine nuts and fresh pesto was excellent, and so was a hot and meaty Ragu Bolognese with Rigatoni.Likable Chicken Parmiggiano--more tomatoey than cheesy--harbored a nice surprise: eggplant framing the dish around the edges.  Veal Scaloppini was fine, thinly pounded veal.  A rich side of Death by Potatoes with Marscarpone and Parmesan Cheese tasted like mashed potatoes with pancetta.  It was hot and very cheesy.For dessert, I enjoyed a great luscious Marscarpone Cheesecake with Raspberry Sauce, and Diane savored a very good homemade Tiramisu.  In the midst of our meal, an interesting diversion occurred.  The entire men's basketball team for St. Mary's College strode in and filed past me, to take their seats at a very long dining table overlooking the valley far below, for a scheduled team dinner.  They were in town for the Mountain West Conference's Basketball Championships held at the Thomas & Mack Center.Nove was very accommodating in both the front of the house and in the kitchen.  Our table was held for us after we were stuck behind a car wreck and a two-lane closure on I-15, and arrived 27 minutes after Diane reported the problem via cell phone.  And, besides specially preparing an aioli for us, the kitchen staff kept peppers out of the calamari, and removed chives from Death by Potatoes, also at our request.  Other than having to ask for Iced Tea twice before a glass of the tan beverage arrived, service was excellent.  Even Iced Tea refills came out flying for the duration of our meal, without request.Two unusual events occurred when I paid the bill.  I dropped down a "You've Been Yelped!" card with my cash payment, and the server picked it up, examined the card, and asked quizzically, "What is this?"  I explained that I was going to review the restaurant on Yelp.com, and in fact had already decided that I was going to award five stars out of five.  He then asked if we wanted to meet the chef.  Since Diane had never before met Chef Bernardo, I said, "Yes, if he is available.  But I have already decided to award the restaurant the highest rating."  I wanted to be clear that my review was already decided based on my dining experience and could not be influenced.  Our server told me to wait a minute while he checked, and a few moments later returned and directed Diane and me to follow him.  He led us right into the kitchen.  As soon as the doors closed, about ten smiling white-clad chefs and assistants facing us started clapping and catcalling to acknowledge our presence and give us a friendly greeting.  Then Chef Bernardo came over, and we shook hands.  As the kitchen staff went back to turning out a long procession of orders, Diane and I were given a full tour of the kitchen and even admitted to a refrigerated room.  Before we left we saw a door signed by Hollywood and Las Vegas celebrities.    But we were not through with surprises!  As soon as we left the kitchen, I was asked, "How would you like to see the Playboy Club?"  As a key holder in the late '60s, I said, "Sure!" and after a comp pass was filled out and handed to me, Diane and I were escorted to a private escalator that led to the Playboy Club one floor up.  There we had another nice view of the city, stayed for a short while amid cottontailed Playboy Bunnies and other patrons, and then descended the tower via elevator and soon returned to normal life.
5	This was the best place we ate in Vegas.  If it were located on the strip, I would send everyone here! Well worth the trip to the Palms, though,  The food here was insane.  We had fantastic service, and the gnocchi with pheasant was unreal.  So good! The atmosphere was romantic, the view was great, and service was top-notch.
1	This restaurant made a special deal with travel zoo for $99 stating that is was worth $415.  The food on their "special" menu was absolutely deplorable and I feel like I was scammed by this deal.  We ended up paying $190.02 after all was said and done,  with no additional food/ beverages.  After looking at their regular menu, there is no way possible I got $190.02 worth of food and services.  We would have been better off paying full price and getting regular items off of their menu.  I will never eat at another n9ne restaurant. We were given a table with no view although there were many open tables by the windows, the salad was so bitter we did not even eat it, the calamari was ok, the pizza was good, the rigatoni was extremely bland/bad, the risotto was ok, the chicken Marsala was the worst I have ever had, the fish was ok, the dessert was disappointing.   To top it our sub-par meal we got the bill that included gratuity on the total $415 value that included passes to the nightclubs.  Since when do you pay gratuity for passes?  Based on our experience and just judging the food, there are a plethora of better restaurants in Henderson/Vegas that have much better food at much better prices.  This place is not worth your time.
5	Chef Geno Bernardo is an amazing fun Chef that can be found front and center in this restaurant. His food is AMAZING. I ate there 3 times in a week and was never bored. From my first visit; I was treated like an old familiar regular.The staff is friendly and this executive Chef is out in the restaurant attentive to your culinary delights. The crudo was off the chart along w/many other dishes
5	I had the pleasure of dining at Nove Italiano during my stay in Las Vegas, Nevada.  It was everything I hoped for in a fine dining experience, but also lived up to a posh, upscale vibe, that wasn't tacky... something I didn't expect to find in Vegas.The decor is clean and unique.  We were fortunate enough to sit in a long corridor of the dining room that gave breath taking views of he strip.  Aligning the booths were towering bushes in the form of female silhouettes.  The manager was nice enough to take photos of us and bring us to a second level bar area for more photo ops. The service was phenomenal.  We had a pair of gentleman waiters--one for our beverages and the other for our meal.  They both gave great recommendations and were extremely attentive.  The flow of the dinner was natural.  Not once did I feel as though we were waiting too long or that anything came out too quickly.  Oftentimes, my water was refilled or a plate was cleared and I didn't notice, they were like service magicians.Everything we tried was tasty.  The calamari appetizer had a unique banana pepper twist and was cooked perfectly.  They also presented us with a complimentary amuse bouche.  I was boring and ordered penne with bolognese sauce.  The pasta was cooked to a perfect al dente and I normally don't find when ordering pasta dishes at other restaurants.  I forget what the name of my boyfriend's pasta, however it was a lighter take on a stuffed noddle with a cream sauce, still delicious.Our Nove dining experience was exceptional and everything I had hoped for when visiting Las Vegas.  The ambiance was intimate and updated, the service prompt and friendly, and the food savory spins on classic dishes.  I would love to go back on my next visit to Vegas or at the very least visit other restaurants in the Nine family.
5	Hands down this place was amazing ! From the friendly staff too the great views !! But the food was to die for !! wow the octopus !!
2	My experience at Nove started with setting up the reservations.  I found it quite odd that they were so open for the night and the rest of the week, and exclaimed that I did not need to make a reservation.  Many of the restaurants I dine with require a day or more advanced reservation; some even a week or more.  The decor of this restaurant is absolutely stunning, but that's where the stunning ends.  I brought a very rare and expensive bottle of wine for dinner, and was unable to enjoy it.  Apparently they have a non-corkage policy, which is fine, except that this is not mentioned on their website, and their wine list is deplorable.  Ended up drinking water with dinner! Next comes the wait staff, who was a self-proclaimed Thomas Keller trained waiter.  I find this hard to believe because, we had no waiter during the course of our dinning experience.  I have family and friends that work at the French Laundry, and various Thomas Keller restaurants, and I can say this waiter has never seen Thomas Keller.  I must mention though that our busser was absolutely amazing, and I wish he was our waitstaff.  Next, we received two appetizers that were complete onion bombs; my guess is to hide the flavor of the fish. Again not impressed, and the bread that came along was stale.  Finally the meal arrives, and I must say that it was delicious, but very over priced.  I could get the same thing in the Napa Valley for half the price and ten times the taste.  The duck I had was over cooked, and their were no vegetables served with any of the meals.  The chicken marsala was good, but the sauce was too gravy like in consistency.All in all the service is better at your local Taco Bell, the food is mediocre and over priced, and the wine list can be described in one word: "Crap."  Anyone that gave this place 5 stars does not know a thing about fine dinning.  I generously gave this place two stars, and that was because of the decor.  My recommendation (i.e., if you want to fill your nightly reservations) for this restaurant would be to fire the chef, get a wait staff, and add a corkage.
2	Sooooooooo we'll start w/ the good and move on to the bad.Good1) Server was very nice2) View is spectacular3) Food was pretty good [no steakhouse n9ne good but good enough]--Rao's, Bootleggers, Panevineo would be another choice of mine3) They give you bread and some chefs tastings prior to your meal. Calamari salad was amazing A+ I'd only go back for that.  They brought over salmon on spoons none of us eat that and something else we didn't like so it escapes my memory. I got a chopped salad to start w/ all kinds of things in it, that was very good. My aunt got a pizza [she's 75 and easy] and her friend got a chicken and pasta dish that was covered in mushrooms which I don't eat. She seemed to like that.  Food was good, not great, but good.Bads1) got to the hostess downstairs, asked her how busy it was did we need a reservation, etc. She said 'nope' you can go right up now. You have to take an elevator up [meh] got to the hostess stand upstairs and that's when things started going horribly wrong.  She said it would be a bit of time. I'm thinking like 5 mins max [mind you downstairs girl was like go right up seemed easy]  We sat down by the bar. we waited, we waited some more.  Other people came in sat down. waited some more. 20 mins later I went back up to the hostess stand and basically ripped her a new one. We were immediately sat.2) Restaurant was ubber busy guess there was a convention in town or something. They kept putting the fat people on the ends of the tables and they were spilling into the walkways so navigating out and/or to the restroom was difficult. Had to have our waiter help me ask some people to get up [while they were eating their meals -cringe] so we could get by them. wasn't a big fan of that.3) Long wait for table and a longer wait for food. Took about 2 hours for us to eat here, luckily we didn't have anywhere to go.  I actually got so annoyed I just handed the waiter my credit card w/out even looking at the bill so we could get out of there.As you can see my bads are more verbose, I'd maybe try it again, if I happened to be at that hotel; however I would not make a reservation and travel to this hotel just for this place.
5	This is easily a five star establishment.  The steak was cooked to perfection.  The view was not only amazing but quite stunning.  The 51st floor is pretty spectacular. If you are in Vegas and have a chance you should give this place a try.
3	Came here with a bachelorette party of 20+ girls (yes, I did mean to write 20+ girls).  We were able to negotiate a nice dinner prix fixe menu which came out to about $51 per person.  Included in our meal was:A shooter of vodka and something elseMozzarella Di Bufala, Tomato, Basil PizzaCaesar SaladBruschettaRigatoni BologneseVarious DessertsI was starving by the time we got to dinner at 8:30PM, so all the appetizers tasted delicious to me.  The Caesar Salad may have been my favorite because their dressing was perfectly creamy and not watery, with the right amount of anchovy and garlic flavor.  But, that's not to say that the pizza and bruschetta weren't tasty, because they were!The Rigatoni was pretty bland.  We didn't have any sort of salt or pepper on the table, and since I was so hungry, I just ate it as is.Anyone who knows me knows that my favorite part of ANY meal is dessert.  I was definitely looking forward to what we were going to get.  Maybe it was going to be tiramisu or possibly gelato.  Instead, we got one plate to share with 10 girls.  On it were a few chocolate covered strawberries, chocolate one bites of cake, and different flavored macarons.Before I could even really pick anything, most of the desserts were gone.  I had one bite of the chocolate covered strawberry and gave it to my friend.All in all, service was pretty good considering the number of girls in our party.
5	Just ate at Nove Italiano...Oh my God...Food, Service, View, music...All over the top.The calamari was the best I ever tasted and the steak..nothing like it. The Filet I ate just melted in my mouth. My girlfriend got there in house dry aged porterhouse...to die for!!  My server Jerry and Louis where so friendly and everything they suggested was unbelievable. There specialty cocktail menu had some amazing drinks.. I personally loved the ciroctail. If your looking for a good time, good food and service...this is the place. Cant wait to go back.
5	I had dinner here while staying in the Palms this past April. The setting of the restaurant is incredible, it's location at the top of the Fantasy Tower provides diners with breathtaking views of the entire Las Vegas cityscape. The food is very rich but excellent. I had the butterfly shrimp appetizer (supr-rich but yummy) and Sunday Gravy as an entree which was delicious and very filling. The cocktails are beautifully mixed and my server did a fantastic job- he even got me a comp into the Playboy Club and Moon nightclub!  The high prices on the menu are more than justified by the quality of the food, the excellent service, the overall ambience, and the amazing views. This is a fabulous restaurant for a date, a celebratory dinner, or just a classy evening out. Recommended.
4	I went there for my birthday dinner experience. First off the view alone makes this place worth it! Second off the service is great and the food is amazing. Since we had a large group we were required to order some appetizers, the calamari by far was amazing! And the other plates of assorted cheese and meats were great as well. For the main course I had decided to order the pasta seafood which is a special for them, I was then taken for a disappointment for how fishy it smelled and tasted, it was to the point where I could not eat it. Fortunately the waiter approached me and with no hesitation both apologized and offered me a meal exchange which I then ordered the fillet minion. YUMMMMM!! I even agreed to go back again just to have it, it is by far amazing! As for the best part of the whole meal it was dessert!!!!!! I was greeted with a giant tray of granite that held on it all types of assorted desserts. Some of the assortments included cheese cakes, chocolate mousse, ice cream, cannoli shells with  different assortment of stuffing's, fruits, and more. I loved the place and the service, left full, happy, and satisfied : ) will definitely go back again!
5	Outstanding! I don't even like Italian food that well, but loved this place!
5	Nove for the win! After going there a month ago, I am finally writing a review. First, our server, Jerry Bacon, was awesome! He was very professional and helped us find the right dishes for our taste. Calamari- for a dish that is pretty stock in restaurants, it's usually not something worth writing about since it is the same wherever you go. Nove's was excellent though! The seasonings and batter made the dish exceptional!For my entree, I had the chicken marsala. It was very lightly breaded, which, combined with the rich marsala sauce and mushrooms, was a very balanced combination.For dessert my friend and I shared the chocolate ganache, paired with banana bread tequila. YUM!! Of course the ganache was rich with a thick texture, but paired with the tequila was freakin' amazing. On top of all this, we had two extra dishes brought out, compliments of the chef. Amazing views, great service, and most importantly, authentic Italian that's a perfect fit in a place like Vegas. Thanks to Jerry our server, the chef, and the rest of the tem!
4	This place TOTALLY delivered for a bachelorette party this weekend.Is it expensive?  Yes.  But, the pre-fixe menu was almost too much food for everyone, and the food was delicious.  The bachelorette totally loved the little personalized menus and the waiter was on top of everything.  The bachelorette party package with the entry to the clubs was worth the money.The drinks were VERY expensive ($16 for a mojito), and so we only got 1.  Had they been cheaper we would probably have indulged in at least 2, so that's something to think about.  The view was part of the charm, and the ambience, with all the other parties going on and people dancing in their seats to the DJ, just made it a fun night.  That being said, this is probably not someplace i'd take my grandmother.  It is loud and dark and she would not appreciate the atmosphere.  But, for a bachelorette party, this place struck the perfect note.
5	Very pleased with food and service. The seafood and pasta is some of the best Ive ever had. Both our servers were named Cesar and took care of our table that we didn't have to ask for a single thing! We asked about going to the club upstairs and they even arranged for us to go up there. I will definitely be going back here!
4	We kicked off fall Restaurant Week 2012 at Nove inside the Palms. Our foursome was seated at 7:15. The restaurant remained pretty quiet until late into our meal. We started with an amuse bouche of bruschetta and caponata. Plus a bread basket with sesame bread, twists and focaccia. We opted for the $20 wine pairing: Chardonnay, Pinot Noir, Merlot and I missed the dessert wine. Not a moscato, I'm sure of that, but still very sweet. Too sweet for my liking. Butternut Squash Ravioli; Brown Butter, Sage whet our appetite. The pasta was tender, and a bit rustic. The filling was sweet. I prefer a more savory squash, but it was very good.Next, we had Baby Fennel and Apple Salad; Endive, Toasted Hazelnuts, Gorgonzola Cheese and Petite Farmers Market Greens; Roasted Heirloom Beets, Humboldt Fog Goat Cheese, Candy Walnuts. Both salads were nicely dressed, crisp and loaded with tasty bits. Before the third course, we had a second amuse bouche of salumis. The venison was one of the better varieties.  Entrees were Salmon; Cauliflower Puree, Truffle Pan Sauce, Arugula and Almond Salad and Veal Scaloppini; Broccoli Rabe, Roasted Garlic, Scampi Sauce. I couldn't find fault in either dish, but I think the veal was a bit better than the salmon. It had bolder flavor and it was so tender, it seemed to melt like butter.Dessert was odd. The menu read Chocolate Ganache; EVOO, Sea-Salt, Toasted Walnut and White Chocolate Bread, and I interpreted it as individual desserts with ganache over sweet toast. Instead, a single large scoop of ganache was served with a half dozen pieces of toast and two knives were provided. We spread the ganache across the toast, and dug in. It was like a saltier, and a more decadent version of nutella and toast. It was very rich so a little went a long way. Service was attentive throughout. Nove is perched on the 51st floor of the Palms' Fantasy tower. The views are stellar. We watched the skies fade from day to night. It is always a joy to see the glimmer of lights across the desert. Eats tend to suffer when you get views like these, but Nove seems to get it right.
4	Who remembers their first time? What better way to make your first time memorable than to enjoy a nice four course during restaurant week! Oh the lovely cause! My sister, father, and I chose NOVE as our dinner of choice on the last day of restaurant week. I must say. I was quite impressed.For the first course we all chose the MAIN LOBSTER BRODO: It was a Lobster Tortellini, creme fraiche, and chives. The creme fraiche had a very nice and strong flavor to it. It was tart and tasted a lot like a lobster bisque. The tortellini was awesome! They give you two light pieces that look like a steamed dumpling. It was very light and refreshing. The pasta was not heavy and it really dissolved in your mouth.Second course I had the FENNEL APPLE SALAD and my dad had the PETITE FARMERS MARKET GREENS. My first time having fennel and although it will probably be the way eat way to experience fennel I just learned that this salad is not my favorite. The fennel had that strong liquorish taste and I'm not too fond of liquorish. With the apple and the light dressing it really toned the taste down, but it created a dry texture. I liked the Farmers Market Salad more. It was classic with spring mixes and goat cheese. I would just remove the beets.Main course I had the AIRLINE CHICKEN BREAST. The chicken was very tender but it really just tastes like BBQ chicken to me. I actually enjoyed my dad's salmon. It had that nice lemony taste, tender, and the roasted almond's smoke taste made for a great addition to the dish! This is all way before my dad decided to drown the salmon with Tabasco sauce.For dessert we had a CHOCOLATE GANACHE ON TOAST. It was actually pretty delicious! A nice rich chocolate spread with season sea salt I top made a great combination of that saltiness and sweetness. Also, big thumbs up to Chef Geno and the crew for giving us window seating and a complimentary dessert sampler. If you're looking for a nice upscale chic place to dine I would surely recommend this place. They offer a great happy hour menu that is only served at the bar, and the food is surely just as good as the interior decor.
5	What an amazing evening!  I can't begin to put into words how wonderful the night was.  The amazing thing is, I wasn't even on some type of romantic dinner.I wanted to find a place to take my team out for a nice dinner.  I asked a friend of mine (Ahron Bragg, Exec VIP Manager at N9NE) where he would take a group of co-workers for a nice dinner.  He recommended Nove.We walked up to the reception desk down on the 1st floor of the Fantasy tower at the Palms where we are warmly greeted and shown the way to the elevator that took us up to the 51st floor.  Once the doors opened we were again, warmly greeted and taken to our table.The view was stunning.  The interior and design of this place is unbelievable (Great job Michael Morton, even though you aren't a part of N9NE any longer).  The General Manager came over to personally say "hello" and introduce himself along with our wait staff.  I thought it was an amazing touch that the General Manager of the restaurant takes the time to make these introductions to each and every table.  It's the little things, ya know!The menu was very interesting.  Instead of your traditional Italian pasta style, they had an amazing blend of dishes.  All unique and very interesting.  I was pleasantly surprised.The table ordered several of the starters such as;  Shrimp Francaise (AMAZING), the Raviolo (Superb), the Bone Marrow (A must try) and Prosciutto di Parma (OUTSTANDING).  All of which were unbelievably prepared.I was so full from the appetizers I only had room for the BRODO ZUPPE.  It was also amazing.  Everyone ordered items off the menu from Steak to Pasta and all said it was wonderful.  I also saw that the bar area was quite active as well.  It looked to be a great place to start the evening off right.  I would strongly recommend this place if you are in Las Vegas.  You have to try it!  You won't be disappointed.
2	I was quite surprised by the atmosphere.  We had tried to get reservations for 6:45, but told no, so switched to 6:30.  The restaurant was only 20% full and was still not even close to being full by the time dinner was over.  I had thought this was supposed to be a hipster place, but the music playing was by The Supremes and never got anywhere past the 70s...and not in a cool/retro sort of way.For dinner, the server talked up a tasting menu they were just starting.  It offered the first course served family-style with 3 offerings, then a choice of entrees and then cheesecake.  The selling point was the all-you-can-drink wine.  This sure helped everyone at the table enjoy their meal more, and I was impressed that the wine pairings were quite good.  However, the food was so very average.I have had many better Italian meals in this town and can't find any reason to recommend it.
5	Celebrated my 2 year anniversary there, had a fantastic meal. Got some starters compliments from the chef. Staff was amazingly nice, I originally got sat at a table for 4 and when we asked to get a booth we saw open they moved us right over.Definitely a new favorite for me.One recommendation is if you are going there for the view, reserve a window seat.
5	Every time I go to Vegas, I make it a point to go to this, my favorite restaurant.  I have been to NOVE several times.  Been there with my boss, friends, family and even by myself.  All the times I've been to NOVE, I have received stellar service and I alway request Jerry as my server.   I went to Vegas by myself for my birthday last year and wanted to treat myself to a nice dinner, but unfortunately i was dissapointed in the service I received.  There were two tables of teenagers that stoled most of my attention for the evening.   I'm going back this weekend and hope they can get back in my good graces.  I love this place.  The food is amazing.  Very romantic. Great wine selection and ambiance.  Highly recommended.
5	I have to say without a doubt this was the best dining expeirince I have every had the pleasure to enjoy.  The service was supurb and even though we came in late we were not rushed and made to feel like vips.  I had come to Nove quite a bit when it had first opened and loved it everytime and then life gets busy and you forget about the things that bring you joy.  I am glad that they put together such a stellar "Resturant Week" menu and I am glad that I got the chance to enjoy this amazing offering and amazing service.  I want to urge everyone to come here and enjoy the amazing food and service and always ask for Israel.
5	Excellent food, decor, service all with a great view.  Best food we have had in Vegas period.
2	Soooo I wish I could give NOVE 2 1/2 stars but I'm rounding...being a restaurant in Las Vegas I was expecting not only good food, but great service...it was my last night there with my boyfriend and we wanted to do a nice dinner. Since we were staying at Palms Place we thought we'd try NOVE. OMG...who designed that place?! Being an opera singer I would love to sing in that place when it's empty but as a customer it was awful being able to hear EVERYONE! I have never in my life been in such a loud restaurant. We thought it was because of a large party in the main room but even when we moved and the people left I could hear everyone like they were sitting right next to me. I had a huge headache the whole time. On top of that our waiter was kinda a douche and didn't even really pay attention to us. I asked for a TASTE of the Pinot noir to see if I liked it and he just brought me a whole glass like it was what I ordered. He really didn't seem to give a crap.As far as the food was concerned the beef tartar was fantastic! The amuse Bouche that came out before was really boring and sort of flavorless (some sort of bruschetta). I ordered the side dish of gnocchi as my entree...it was bigger than my bfs entree! It was also really good the next evening. However, aside from the beef tartar none of the food was very memorable. My boyfriend said the pizza was really good but being sorta a pizza snob I just thought it was decent but nothing fantastic.Food-3 starsService-0.5I wouldn't waste my money on NOVE again when there are so many good restaurants in Vegas with servers who actually give a crap and food that will really blow my mind. My advice...head to Scarpetta at the Cosmopolitan.
2	Extremely dark inside. (needed flashlights to read menus).  Rushed service and food was just average.  I'll stick with il Mulino for their mind blowing service and food.
5	Went to a Rock and Roll Wine tasting event. It was a fantastic event at a super premium venue. Besides serving great Rhapsody and Grotto wine they had some over the top appetizers on the event menu. Tried the very tasty Federal Hill Calamari with banana pepers and lemon, Garbaggio shrimp artichoke salumi salad and Margherita pizza. The Garbaggio was over the top with shrimps larger than small lobster tails. I would always order that going here. All appetizers were large enough for two to share for just $7 each (Happy Hour Menu). The restaurant has one of the best views in town.
4	I called ahead about 1 month to get a window table.  I called again a week ahead of time to confirm.  They called me the night before our reservation and I remimded them of the window seat.  We arrived, and the hostess showed us to the elevator.  We were told we could be sat immediately or wait a few minutes to sit by the window as requested.  We waited at the bar for about five minutes.  Our bar drinks wer still full when we sat.The staff was courteous, and we were started off with bread and some chef selections.  This included a focaccia with a tomatoe spread that we enjoyed.  Our view was great.  Te palms sits beside the strip, and you can see all the hotels and lights.Dinner was good.  We had a thin crust pizza and ziti bolognese.  We also got comped to the Playboy Club which is now closed.  They wil also comp you to moon which is also right upstairs.
5	Wow!  This place is awesome.  Great views, great food and the prix fixe is an amazing deal.  For just $55 you get 4 courses and unlimited wine. The chef was able to accommodate vegetarians quite well. We kept having little surprises from the chef sent to our table including an awesome polenta dish.  The service was perfect, and they were not stingy on the wine.  I really have to go back another time between 5:30 and 7:30 pm.
4	Nove Italiano is a pretty solid restaurant at the Palms. The only disadvantage is that it isn't on the strip and I don't know if I would go out of my way to come here. However the palms is a great casino and if you are in the area, you should definitely stop by. The ambiance is nice and the view of vegas is beautiful. For my meal, I had the pistacchio crusted halibut with heirloom carrots, french beans, and pan sauce. Delicious and cooked perfectly. The portion size was quite generous as well. For dessert, I tried a bite of this chocolate dessert which was a bit odd. It was served with olive oil and sea salt. The combination was certainly unique, not sure how well it went though. Overall, Nove Italiano has pretty good food and is a HIGH VALUE restaurant. They even have a 4 course pre-fix from 5:30-7:30pm for just 55 bux. I have never tried that but sounds like a fantastic deal because you also get unlimited wine!
2	My husband and I spent a few nights at the Palms so we decided to try one of their restaurants, Nove. I am not very fond of Italian food but since my husband is, he convinced me into trying this one since it's fancy, perhaps making me change my mind about Italian food for dinner. As most mentioned on previous reviews, the ambiance was gorgeous. Yes, it sure was, but that was it. Food was mediocre, even for my husband's taste, and the staff was not at all accommodating. To make it short, go if you want to impress your date ambiance-wise. Don't go though because not only are they mediocre, but they're pricey too. Not coming back.
4	We dined at Nove on Saturday night, 12/29/12, and had a terrific experience.  We both enjoyed the price fix menu for $55/person.  There was a delicious array of food and plenty of it!   A starter, salad, pizza, meatball, shrimp, a choice of main course, and finally cheesecake for dessert.  I great deal for $55 and it even includes unlimited white and red wine, both of which were delicious.The restaurant has an excellent view, about 50 stories above the strip in the Palms Fantasy Tower.  We found the service to be excellent!  Our servers were Jerry and Luis.  Even the manager, Jessica and the Chef Geno stopped by our table to ask about our experience.  The restaurant was busy on a Saturday night on New Year's Eve weekend, however we felt the service we received was exceptional.This is definitely a place to visit, just off the strip, an amazing view, stylish interior, excellent meal, great value on the price fix menu, and superb service.
4	Pros: Great views, decent food, good happy hourCons: expensive but worth itOverall: Def should try to go out for happy hour
5	I went back here tonight - this place is still AMAZING!!  The salami, shrimp, and octopus appetizers were amazing.  I had lobster risotto for my main course - omg so good.  Seriously this place is fantastic.  Everyone should come here.
4	So fabulous! My friends and I bought a really neat deal off of Travelzoo that included a 4 course meal and drinks at Nove as well as no cover for 3 of the clubs.  I really enjoyed dinner at Nove.  Since we all got to choose what we would have for our courses, we also got to sample each others' food that we probably would not have tried on our own.  I was impressed by everything that I ate, including some dishes that I normally would not eat.  The service was pretty good, but the view was even better.  Since the Palms is off the strip, you have a really cool panoramic view of the whole strip as you move around the restaurant.
3	I'd call this solid. Good execution of the high-end fundamentals (Federal Hill Style Calamari, Sunday Gravy, Squid Ink Risotto with Scallops...), but nothing truly Babbo-new to make you rethink the classics.Again... Solid, authentic Italian for Nevada, pricey for Boston, but on balance I'd come back.
3	Well, they changed the menu...and that was that.  Raviolo is no longer on the menu but you can special order it.  The problem was, the egg was overcooked and the pasta was under done and not salted enough.  Bummer.  The first time I had it, it was  one of the best things I had ever eaten.  The grilled octopus was delish, love the charred outside...it has a nice lemon pepper flavor...Ladies night is every Tuesday night...half off everything for the ladies.  I'd defo go back...
5	Delicious food, amazing martini's. We ordered too much, but I can't figure out how to blame them for that.
2	Truly mediocre at best. You can get this Italian food anywhere. Waiter told me not to order the bottle of wine I wanted because "It isn't good and we only sell a lot of it because its cheap"..65 dollars.Also at 745 pm on a friday night he told me they didn't have the fish I wanted then he found one. Really? You have one fish on a friday night in an empty restaurant? Do you really want to order that? The rest of the meal was just OK. I mean really, just OK. Service was terrible. Very disappointing  since it was recommended on the Eater site.I would never recommend this place to anyone.
4	Been here 3 times, enjoyed it each time.This time we had the prix fixe menu. So much food, could not finish it all.Great food, great view, great service.
4	$55 for their four course set dinner menu. This deal includes all you can drink white and red wines. As of the dinner a couple of weeks ago, the white was a pinot grigio and the red was a blend. The one requirement is that everyone at the table participates in the deal. With a party of three or four, everyone could dine family style. Between the three of us; we got two different appetizers, two second courses, two entrees, and cheesecake for dessert. The gulf shrimp franchaise is one of the best dishes offered that night. The large shrimp are butterflied, lightly battered, and fried before being tosses in a rich lemon sauce. I was using the complimentary bread to sop up the excess sauce. The margherita pizza should be passed upon. It is a disappointment in comparison to the shrimp. Both second course items are delicious. The salad is light and refreshing. The lightly toss the greens in a vinaigrette. The meatballs are just that, but they are good. We were already full by entree time. How we were going to put away the chicken alfredo, rigatoni bolognese, and truffle salmon was beyond me. I had a few bites of each. The tomato sauces are Nove's strong point. I loved the sauce from the meatballs and their bolognese was on point. By dessert time, we were ready to die. We had a dinner reservation at 6:00 and had to be out by 7:15 to go see Kenny Chesney. They were great at accommodating us. I hate being those people who don't allot enough time when going to a sit down restaurant, but they were great at just producing dish after dish in a timely manner.
4	I forgot how great this place was! First of all it is gorgeous....the view is to die for.Everyone was super friendly from the hostess to the bartender to my server and even the chef. (yes the chef came out and spoke to us....more than once!)We started on the pizza.....perfect appetizer....nice crispy thin crust...almost cracker like...I could stopped there....but we kept orderingCesar salad....it was good.....I had the Risotto of the day....it had shrimp and peppers...OMG amazing!!!!My husband had the filet al fornio style and he ate the whole thing before I could get a biteWe also ordered a side of asparagus gnocchi and meatballs...I was so full I couldn't eat them....so I brought them home and boy does it make a GREAT BREAKFAST!I can't wait until my next visit!!I hear Tuesday is ladies night and they have some great specials!!!
5	Oh where do I even start with this place? I bought the Groupon for this place and brought 4 people. None of us had ever been here before. How could I have been missing out on something so great? As soon as we sat down our amazing server came over to greet us. I handed him the Groupons and he was actually happy that we had them. As he was telling us about the choices that came along with the Groupon, we were served with a nice chilled glass of Prosseco. We all gave him our choices and he said the food would be right out. Boy was he right. The Appetizer we all chose was the Federal Hill Calamari. Do not miss out on this if you go here. This has to be hands down the best calamari I have ever had. It was so good and spicy, full of peppercinis. It did not even need sauce.Our salads were next and we all chose the Caesar's Salad. It was delicious and I actually would have enjoyed another if I could have gotten my hands on one.We all ordered the same entree which was the Rigatoni Bolognese. Holy smokes, the bowl that came out was a huge portion. Everyone at the table enjoyed it so much. I just kept stuffing my face not wanting to waste any part of it. Probably one of the best I have tasted. The dessert was 3 scoops of gelato ( chocolate, caramel, and vanilla) with 2 little cookies on the side. Oh my was this gelato good. We were licking the bowls.We also had a really great wine that was recommended to go along with dinner. I can't wait to return to this beautiful restaurant and try other things from the menu. But what a great deal getting these Groupons. They did not skimp on anything. If you go here make a reservation and ask to sit next to the window. It is on the 51st floor and the views are spectacular.
1	Hi,For my anniversary with my boyfriend, my brother in law bought us a travelzoo type dinner which we used here. The food was good, however we were unable to eat most of it because each course was served within 10 minutes of each other, and the waiter took our first course out of the way before we we're done with it! Fine, no big deal, we started with the second course and yet again the main course was served. I told them to leave the food and not take it as we were still working. It felt like we were rushed the entire time. At one point one of our servers tried to take a plate of food away AS MY BOYFRIEND WAS EATING IT. What? Really? So eventually all our food was gone and we were left with some tiny dessert and a $35 tip requirement that was not expected. Oh, and at one point they dropped a bag of to go food on our table. This confused me because 1. We didn't ask for it and 2. The food they did take away from us they stacked on top of each other, so if it had been our food, that is disgusting and dirty. It turned out to be another tables sloppy salami and pizza that was delivered to us. GROSS. We tried telling the manager politely that the service was awful and that realistically tipping the 'required' amount was absurd since we weren't having a great time. She didn't do anything about it and instead threatened to send in security? For what, letting her know that her management was not up to par for such a high scale and expensive restaurant? I left confused and angry and felt cheated. If they had left us alone the whole time and maybe listened when there was confusion I would have given 5 stars. I am really disappointed, Palms.
4	Came here on a whim before a concert at the Palms, we only had about an hour so we decided on the bar with some appetizers. -The view is incredible-Didnt need reservations at the bar at 6PM on a Sat which was nice-Great "Small Bites" menuWe will definitely be back, the only reason why I did not give the 5 stars is it is a bit pricey for Italian food offered all over town, but the ambience was well worth it.
3	Located at the Palms, it is a nice place. We had a groupon, and were pleasantly suprised by the amount of food. The calamari is excellent.
4	Delish food @ Nove & great views. It was very kind of Nove to offer us some complimentary bruschetta which was actually my favorite part of the meal. My flatbread pizza and Chardonnay were enjoyable, and my friends all enjoyed their steaks. A nice stop at the Palms.
4	Great food, view was ok, service was excellent. Total bill for 2 was $175 with appetizers, salads, and main course, and drinks. Not bad
4	Beautiful view and delicious food!
5	We came back with our same server as last time! The food and service were flawless and the view spectacular. This time we tried new cocktails recommended by Cesar B. Everyone was very friendly and the manager even stopped by to see how our dinner was.  We were going to the new MJ show and they got us out in an efficient timely manner. Jesus was very helpful answering questions about the food and drink. Thank You Nove for another memorable dining experience!
5	I was here for a private dinner party and it was one of the best meals I had in my life. The food, service and ambiance were perfect. The views were also amazing. After dinner, go upstairs to the lounge!
5	Dinner was outstanding! Great ambiance and service. The pasta dishes and the grilled octopus were the best!!
4	Went with my sister and our guys on a Travelzoo voucher. It was great, the atmosphere is fun and dramatic with nice views, but Alize does trump them with a better view overall.Our waiters were great and made us feel taken care and like a guest. Even more so with the abundance of delicious dishes that came out all spaced well apart. Chicken Marsala and Flank Steak were flavorful and cooked well. Bellinis yummy, calamari spicy. After we went to Ghostbar and Moon, Ghostbar was the favorite with a drink called the Night Cap. My boyfriend who doesn't even drink was in love with it. My advice get the Travelzoo deal and expect a great night out.
1	From start to finish and to today this place was nothing but a disaster. Had diner last night (it was not crowded) with five girlfriends. Mind you, we are locals and have been before. It took 35 minutes for the first drink to arrive, had to ask manager(useless girl) if she could check the status.  The food took another whole hour and we saw the water boy the most, no joke.  I ordered the filet medium. It was mooing. It was so raw I could barely eat it. All in all everyone's else's food was decent but when I'm forced to tip some a@@hat waiter over 10%percent because it was included, then have him mess up the bill so royally we have to sit for another 40 minutes, I will pass on ever going and or recommending this place to anyone.... EVER. OH, and today, we noticed they charged everyone's card twice. Way to go Nove. Epic fail!
1	Had dinner for ladies night last evening and had the worst service ever; he had the audacity to add gratuity as he knew we all thought he was rude, inattentive and rude. He then double authorized all our cc's. Writing a letter to corporate today... What a joke!
5	Me and my boyfriend purchased the groupon for my B-Day dinner. This place was awesome! Our server, Caesar was amazing! He was very polite and attentive. We didn't have to wait on anything. They also made sure we had an awesome view.The entire staff was very friendly. The food was also delicious. I have no complaints about Nove Italiano. Hands down this was the best experience I have ever had. On your next visit, ask for Ceasar! And before you leave, get your picture taken with the PALMS lit up in the background.
5	Delicious!!! I went here while visiting my best friend in Las Vegas. Amazing views! And the food was delicious. Simply superb. We got there late, right before they closed, and STILL had amazing service and delicious, scrumptious food. Small breads and bread sticks with oil, grated cheese, and pepper flakes before meals (complimentary) were tasty! We split the navo speciality pasta and the gnocchi, yum! Very romantic ambiance, but also great, large tables for groups! Great place.
5	The last two visits to Las Vegas brought me to Nove.  First with a group of 11 and then a group of 3.  Both times the service was excellent and attentive! Big cheer out to Caesar!!!  The view of the strip is perfect if you have window seats.Veal scallopini is the BEST!
5	Cesar and Luis were the epitome of fantastic service and hospitality. We had the lobster bisque and "death by potatoes" to name a few. We ended with the strawberry carpaccio. We will return as often as possible.
2	After a long drive we arrived tired and hungry at the palms. Since we did not felt like going to the strip we decided to try Nove.It's located at the 52 floor, with a fantastic view. You have to check in at the ground floor and take the elevator up. Once we arrived upstairs, we were greeted and had to take a seat at the bar while they prepared our table, even though we had a reservation and the restaurant was almost empty. After a few minutes we were seated and introduced to our waiters. We ordered the salumi plate as a starter and shared it. It was great for sharing and the red pizza was the bomb! Yumm so good!For the main course we had the filet mignon and the penne bolognese. The filet was great and they have this phenomenal mashed potatoes with pancetta, scallions and sour cream! I still dream about that.The bolognese on the other hand was not good at all. It should have been beef, but it tasted like lamb, so we asked the waiter and he was not sure what meat it was made of. He did not care to ask in the kitchen. Since this flavour was so overpowering, I could not eat it and left it almost untouched. When they cleared the table they did not even asked if something was wrong. So it seems they are not too intrested in their guest's opinion or wellbeing.I loved the view, but have eaten way better italian food at other places.
4	Used Groupon and all courses were outstanding with fantastic service.
4	Had a really nice experience. Service & food were really good. The manager Aaron was extremely helpful and spent extra time with other aspects of our stay... Great customer service
5	I was staying at the Palms, and decided to head upstairs to Nove. You are treated with five star service from the beginning to the end of your meal starting with their hostess. The restaurant has an incredible view!I sat at the bar and the bartenders started me off with their delicious complimentary bread. I ordered the half order of the Nove spaghetti. It was nothing less than incredible! It is a spaghetti dish with red sauce filled with lobster, calamari, shrimp, and scallops. One of the best pasta dishes I've ever had.  The bartenders at the restaurant gave great service as well. The restaurant was extremely busy, but the bartenders all worked well together and made sure all of their guests were taken care of. Although I don't like to repeat restaurants more than once while I'm traveling, I would definitely go back to Nove JUST to order their Nove spaghetti.
1	Worst meal I have had in a long time.  It's sad because Vegas has so many good restaurants.  There is no way this is a top ranked restaurant.  Drinks are brought to table in little liquor bottles and a can of italian soda (so you make it yourself), like flying coach - very strange.  The Branzino is served as a full fish (no filet), so impossible to eat due to so many bones.  Mushrooms were rancid.  I'm not kidding.  Something had turned.   Broccoli with too much pepper flakes.  Husband had the veal Marsala - very salty.  Strange menu too. Lots of fattening comfort food.  We did not finish our meal. Ambience is nice with great view of strip.  Lots of nice leather booths.  Service was good.
5	Great tastes and a beautiful view. The service was also very good.  Especially liked the Marinara sauce. The steak was done perfectly. Potato dish was great. Cannoli do it yourself is fun, tasty and unique... Glad we tried this restaurant!
2	The food could've been better, but the view made up for everything.  We used our Groupon, which I'm not sure if the staff had previous problems with this prior..but we were treated like low-class citizens.  Phillip, our server, acted like he had no time for us.  Loved the place, but get the stick out of your butt Phillip.
4	So so good on any day today was exceptional cold out so of course Spicy miso soup was in order and it did not disappoint I have and still do recommend this Restaurant to all my friends and neighbors and business associates .EXCEPTIONAL
5	I came here for a friend's birthday dinner. It was such a wonderful experience. The ambience is cozy even in such a large dinning space. If you sit near the windows there's a great view. We sat in a booth and it was still very intimate even though the dinning room was full of people. The staff were so warm and friendly. Our drinks were made perfectly by a very attentive bar staff. Our waiter, Zach, was great! Very friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable about the menu. Everything we ordered was delicious but I'd have to say the grilled octopus was my favorite. I could have ordered five orders and been content. It was a perfect birthday experience for my friend.
4	Of course, the best thing about this restaurant is the view! Set atop the Palms Casino, the floor-to-ceiling windows allow you to see all of Las Vegas.  Nove was surprisingly pretty empty on Saturday night, but perhaps it is because everyone was out holiday shopping. Because N9NE Steakhouse is closed for renovations, they had some items from their menu as well as items from Nove available. Drinks were fine, but the mango drink (I forgot what it was called, but it had vodka in it), was pretty thick, so it made it a bit difficult to drink. The taste was fine, but the consistency just wasn't what I expected.Service was lovely, attentive, but not overly so. We weren't very hungry, so we just ordered appetizers and a side dish.  Let me just say 3 words: LOBSTER MASHED POTATOES!!!! This was seriously the BEST thing that I have eaten in awhile! There were lots of chunks of lobster throughout, and the potatoes were sublime. If I hadn't been out with friends, I might have eaten the entire dish! While the prices were on the high side, given the ambiance, view, and service, I understand. I would like to try it again and sample some of the other offerings!
5	Service was absolutely incredible!!! The wine was Awesome. The calamari was a bit chewy. The filot mignon was a bit salty, the overall quality was outstanding. The menu has a vast selection!!
2	It pains me to give Nove 2 stars. It use to be my go to for fancy Italian. My favorite place in Las Vegas. I would have given every experience before this one 5 stars. Now, I will never return. My first time here was for my boyfriends birthday a few years ago. Since then we had been back for a Chef's tasting with Chef Geno with 15 courses. A few of our favorite dishes included the risotto of the day, Nana's meatballs, chicken Marsala, and the death by potatoes. This was my first and only time dining here since the chef I had grown to love moved on to other ventures. I still had faith that Nove would be a great place without Chef Geno. The menu was almost the same. The crowd wasn't. The waiter even mentioned when we asked, that the new chef was "completely different". Not bad, just not the same. Well I think he was being polite. The exact same chicken Marsala dish looked the same but tasted totally different. The meatballs and potatoes were still decent. The gnocchi was too mushy. And the risotto, oh I wouldn't know as they offered it as the special, and then ran out. I waited 20 minutes and ate my entire appetizer before my drink arrived. And there was no new chef coming out to check on us, see how we liked the food, or introduce himself. This always happened in past times when Nove was not busy. Considering we were there late, and the Chef was in view- it could have happened. Maybe my expectations were set too high, but I have had totally different experiences in the past. All of them made me feel great about spending $150-300 for dinner for 2. Right now I am thankful I had a discount on my tickets from the Lisa Lampanelli show, because I would have been mad to pay full price last night. I really hope N9NE group and Nove figure out a way to put the pieces back together. Chef Geno, we miss you!!
5	the baked penne was nice and spicy...the sweet Italian sausage complimented the dish...service was great and the mango italiano cocktail was dangerously delicious
5	I went here for a friends 50 birthday party, i wanted her to have a great night at this place and boy did they deliver!! The view was awesome, the service was fabulous and the food was great!! No complaints from all my peeps at my table. As a token of there service, they gave us shots for free, it was like some Italian liqueur, so good and they brought out some treats for my friend on her 50 birthday...  I will defiantly return to this place for dinner... Don't leave Vegas before you give  this place a try!!!
3	There are many reasons to go to Vegas, but in recent years one of the biggest draws has been food.  Vegas has evolved into a Western Mecca for fine dining and has amassed an impressive collection of restaurants from some of the finest chefs in the world in the process.  Plan well ahead though.  The best of the best book up fast, and without a reservation you be stuck with something almost as expensive but far less impressive. Which brings us to Nove Italiano.  Located on one of the top most floors of the Palms, the elevator ride and the view are probably the most impressive aspects of this restaurant and those are... well they're not bad, but it isn't awe inspiring either.  What you end up getting is a restaurant that seems like a clone of the Il Fornaio chain.  The service is pretty good, very friendly, but woefully under informed.  Our first waiter had difficulty answering basic questions about the restaurant's menu items and wine list.  After that we had a different waiter the rest of the night who made as little conversation as possible.  The menu itself was relatively basic.  In fact in the comparison to Il Fornaio, Il Fornaio comes out on top in terms of creativity and the sense of eager anticipation that should come when you read a menu.  There was no, "Oh that sounds good I have that."  That you hope for from either the menu or the specials.  Instead it was very much, "Umm do you guys have anything else?"Fortunately for me, I was also enjoying the company of a woman whose beauty was so distracting that I barely noticed the food anyway.     As for Nove Italiano, The food isn't bad, but it certainly isn't very impressive either.  Given all of the other dining options in and around Las Vegas, Nove Italiano is more a disappointing and overpriced option for people who want to go out but couldn't get a reservation someplace else.
5	Loved having dinner up on the 51 floor last night. Amazing view of the palms sign on the tower adjacent to ours. The wait staff was friendly, helpful, and there to please. I was with my friend Kim and they sat the two of us in a booth, I obviously scooted myself to the middle and sat next to her. We ordered the veggie pizza and penne vodka. When we got the penne with shrimp the waiter was very understanding of my allergy and swapped the dish out for penne with chicken. The pasta in this dish was so good. Ridiculous quality , seriously two thumbs up! Couldn't tell you which wine I had specifically but it was the only cab by the glass and I liked it.. Even though it was chilled.Next time id like to head to the playboy club post dinner.
2	Ok.  Sorry to say the good old days are officially over at Palms.  From meeting the guys down below one guy in plaid shirt and jeans to the dirty elevator going up to Nove.  The new operators just are not the Maloofs. Walking into bar the TVs are off.   No attention to detail whatsoever.  Guy tells me new cable operator only has two channels now.   I live here.  No such possible story.   Just a ratchet like restaurant with a good view.   View is a 5.  Everything else is a 1.
4	We ate hear last year. The Sunday Supper dish was one of the best Italian dishes I've had. The one star deduction was for the service. Not poor, just average. Expected better.
4	Hot Damn!!! Visited Nove with 5 friends and racked up a $850 bill! The food was second to none! Great place for special occasions or dates. It is a fun experience looking over the strip while having an amazing meal but be prepared to pay through the nose for it.
2	Would have been three stars only because of the view but then service was very lacking so I kept it at 2 stars. Food is decent but not worth the price. The basics were lacking: e.g., water and bread service. The entrees came out while we were still eating our apps. Wait staff didn't know the particulars of the menu, etc. The view is great but doesn't make up for the rest of the problems.
2	Good food but only 2 stars? Unfortunately, yes. Upon entering my buddy and I encountered the manager arguing with a waitress/staff. Not appropriate in public at a gourmet restaurant.. As for the atmosphere, in spite of the lovely views from the floor-to-ceiling windows, the place somehow came across like a fancy coffee shop - the  tables and the booths just didn't work.  The restaurant also was dark - but not dark/romantic like so many charming Italian places,  just dark.The wait staff was good - while it's true that they removed plates from my buddy  before everyone (me) was finished that is not uncommon in the U.S., so I will overlook it.My friend had a steak - he thought it was very good. I had the Spaghetti nove (seafood) with some kind of dark spaghetti mixed in - also good and the spaghetti done al dente as it should be. But frankly not outstanding.We had a bottle of wine - a good Merlot (no, not an oxymoron) that should have been $40-50 but was $125 - well it's Vegas.Upon departure they had to call the elevator from the lobby (the buttons were disabled) and it took a full 10 minutes.Dinner for 2 including tax/tip/wine was $350. Pasta Mia down the block in a strip mall is better at 1/4 the price.And it was empty at 7:30PM on a Friday night. Evidently I am not the only person disappointed.Frankly it's a shame - this place could be great. Maybe Nove Italiano just needs a new manager.
4	So as my "Dining Experience" continues. We are now at Nove Italiano for our desserts. Nove is located on the 51st floor of the Fantasy Tower so not only will you enjoy great Italian food but you will enjoy it with a breath taking view of Las Vegas.Unfortunately, I didn't get a chance to try their dishes aside from dessert but I most definitely will return to try out their menu.For dessert we had a D.I.Y mini Cannoli's, a rich Chocolate cake, Cheesecake and a Tiramisu, all very delicious, with a cup of coffee how can you go wrong, lol!
5	On the top of the palms with windows as walls is a pretty cool setting to eat dinner for date night. Pair it with how amazing this food is and you will be hooked! Every time we come it's great. We love the pizza, I love the ravioli and my husband likes the classic nove spaghetti. Service is attentive but not intrusive and the white sangria is a must!
4	Been here a couple of times with my family, each time the i am reminded of just how good the food is here. The service is good, but the view and food make up for anything that should go wrong. there were eight of us, so we were able to sample many items from the menu. For appetizers, the thinly sliced ham and mozzarella (prosciutto), the mushrooms, and a salad. All very good with the complimentary variety bread, served with butter, crushed peppers and Parmesan cheese.For main course, we had the filet (excellently cooked), great flavor. The Lamb Ragu Pasta (very good) and Pizza (four meats) very tasty and a side of meatballs!! for veg, it was pizza, also very good and a pasta (suprisingly, veg and very tasty!!) All the food was very good, along with the view, we needed to call the waiter a few times but all and all, very good place to go... only bad part, its off the strip so go to ghost bar or moon that night!
4	Upscale restaurant with beautiful views, The waitstaff was very courteous & pleasant. My friend & I found a deal for Nove on groupon and wanted to use it. We bought the 4 course dinner option. We were given a basket of different breads to start, they were good. Then the first course, salad with pine-nuts, it was simple & okay .Then came out  the bowls of rigatoni, also okay. As for our main course,  I  had the salmon plate which was delicious, it had almost a buttery consistency, probably the best I've had) and my friend had the flank steak which was also great. Last but not least, dessert, black berry cheese cake which looked beautiful & was also delicious, that we shared. I left feeling so full! Our waiter even gave us a free pass to the ghostbar afterwards The whole dining experience was awesome couldn't have been happier, the waitstaff top-notch, the main courses, & desert delicious. But all the other small plates were okay. Our bill only came out to $67.00 for the two of us! That made me very happy because If I would have paid much more I would have definitely expected everything to be on point!
2	The atmosphere is very nice-contemporary, modern, young, and chic. The service was hit and miss. The gentleman who filled our glasses and cleared our table was hands down better than the server who's took our order and was our actual waiter. Some advise to management-promote some of the more humble water fillers, they represent your restaurant better.  The food was par-not bad, but not amazing for the price.  I wanted to have delicious food, not okay food for the money and for the hype.  All in all, it wasn't memorable and I wouldn't return.
3	Very disappointing.  Five minutes to seat us in a half empty dining room.  Another five minutes before we got water and menus.  A second server took over, telling us he was helping out the first guy and he was very attentive.  The food was good but overpriced.  After I got the bill and put my credit card in the folio, the first server picked up and then stood at the next table chatting with the diners for about 7 minutes before leaving to ring it up.  So 3 stars for the food and 2 stars for the service for a 3 star rating (I'm being generous).  Maybe they just had an off night but there are too many other choices.  I would not go back.
5	We made reservations for the 4th of July so we can watch the fireworks from high up. They promised a table by the window but once we got there, they were all taken. We were Pretty bummed out. However, the GM was really nice about it and offered us a drink while we waited. After half an hour we sat down and the waiter was really great as well! We ordered the prime rib and ravioli. Both were delicious!I gave Nove a 5 star because they thrived on customer service, which is what every restaurant needs to do!
3	The city views are amazing but the place was a tad run down. It seems like someone stopped paying attention to the small details like the elevator that takes you up needs a paint touch up & some of the furniture is worn down. I recommend a quick face lift & the place will look perfect again. The service was great & everyone was very attentive & the food was good, not great. I've been to many Italian restaurants & for the prices I guess I expected more. Overall it was a good experience but I expected more in the atmosphere & more in the cuisine. If you're charging top dollars you should be serving top quality food.
5	This review is for August 20th, 2013. It's taken me a while to write a review, only because I'm not one who's big on reviewing restaurants but since I'm making my way out to Vegas again in one week, I'm reflecting on my past trips. First off, this place, is hands down, gorgeous. I had made reservations prior to sit next to the window with a view of the strip. While I was hoping for an upstairs table, we were seated not far from the hostess station, but still next to a window with a beautiful view of some of the Vegas strip. We were taking our time out to have dinner (my mom and I) before we were heading to see Zumanity and we had some time to kill. I asked the waiter if he wouldn't mind waiting a while til we ordered as we were trying to kill some time and relax. He was totally cool with that and got us some drinks as we enjoyed the lovely atmosphere. When we finally ordered, the food and the service couldn't have been more on point. Everything down to the complimentary chefs special of breadsticks and baguettes with dipping oil made the entire night memorable. To top it off we got lucky with it being a Tuesday, which meant it was ladies night which also means 50% off your entire bill as long as there are only females in your group. So with 4 drinks a piece, one app, one salad, two entrees and one side, we ended up spending $80 on a top notch 5* restaurant. Left the waiter a $40 tip and still walked away with less than I would have spent paying full price on a regular night. Nove is apart of the N9NE restaurant group out in Vegas, which includes N9NE Steakhouse at the Palms as well. Def check them out, we were so pleasantly surprised with our experience and can't wait to go back! We love you Nove! :)
3	Service was excellent! Decor was a one star because it felt like an old dinner to me.View is very nice.Good was good. The fig with buratta and ages balsamic was very nice. Calamari appetizer was good.The gnocchi of the day was good but a not sweet (boar with red sauce), the tortellini with peas and bacon was good but not superb.The wine list was ridiculous. The prices were out of this world. If they were a Michelin star restaurant I  wouldn't be complaining but this restaurant was just a notch above macaroni grill just in Vegas and with a view.but our waiter was fabulous!!!!
5	This restaurant is the best restaurant I have ever gone to. The raviolis are FANTASTIC. The shrimp Franchese is flawless. The wine is exquisite. I am so happy I was able to experience this place. I hope I'm able to stay a little longer to enjoy this dinner once again. Thank you for this restaurant. I am telling everyone about this place!
3	I went here for a friend's birthday. It started off great but then things kinda started to go downhill. The staff was nice and friendly. The view was very nice you could see pretty much all of Vegas. We arrived early and was seated in the bar area until the rest of our guests arrived . We were given a happy hour menu. But then the rest of our friends arrived so we went to our table. Their happy hour ends at 7:30, I asked if I was able to eat from the HH menu. Our server said he had to double check and then he came back and gave it the ok. The filet sliders were awesome . I enjoyed the apps. The place has a chill vibe, low lighting for an intimate experience. We sang happy bday got some dessert and then the bill came. I was charged full price for my HH apps. I spoke with the server and he told me that " when he asked his mgr if I could order off the  menu that since I wasn't in the bar it would be full price. He then grabs the mgr. I speak with the mgr and he says the same thing. Like basically they were doing me this magical service by letting me order bar food at the table. He explained to me that I didn't specify to my sever and ask if it was half off. I explained that the whole point of ordering off the Bar menu was to get the happy hour price! So it would have been redundant to ask for the discount as well if  I placed my order before the 7:30pm time limit. If that was the case I would have just ordered something off the regular menu at regular price and avoided that whole fiasco. Initially the mgr didn't want to take it off, but  I (and two other guests) had to explain it to him before he decided to take it off. It was really disappointing because the place was pretty cool. So after this experience would I return? Honestly it's up in the air at this point. I give them kudos for the view , but price wise as a Las Vegas local their a plenty of Italian places to choose from off the strip that have great ratings without the "view" . I believe in giving a review in all fairness of the entire experience and not just one bad kink. So I still say 3 stars.
5	We were hungry at 9:45pm last night. Simon (at Palm's Place) was only serving sushi and their kitchen was closed (BOO!). We sat at the bar at Nove for our dinner and split meatballs (as an appetizer, it's on the sides portion of the menu). Each had a Caesar salad and split the Chicken Marsala.It was very good. Eddie the bartender was delightful and made a perfect martini. We like having (and sharing) dinner when we can sit at the bar.Oh yes, great view in the restaurant section.
5	So delicious! My group had chicken parm, steak, and two types of fish and everyone loved everything. Dessert was delicious of course too! Staff was so friendly and it was a great experience!
4	This review is for the Groupon 4 - course meal. They made using the groupon very easy and as expected. First course was pine nut arugula salad - this was my favorite dish of the night. I am a sucker for a good salad and I love pine nuts. Perfectly dressed. Accompanied by bread and fresh parmigiano cheese and a glass of chilled prosecco. Second course was rigatoni. It was good, the sauce was so-so but the meat was seasoned well.Third course I got the salmon, and my bf got the steak. The salmon was cooked perfectly, but was dressed in a vegetable ragu and I don't really go for hiding the great salmon flavor in a stew of veggies. I wished it was naked with veggies on the side. The flank steak, however was absolutely amazing - perfectly cooked and bursting with flavor.Finally, the cheesecake. The best I've ever had and I don't even like cheesecake. The most crave-able dish of the night.The Groupon did come with "espresso cocktails" but we did not receive any with the cheesecake. We asked about it and the bartender put bailey's over ice. Nice accommodation,  but less than we expected.Great discount,  so I give it 4 stars but had I paid full price I think it would have been much lower.
2	Views are amazing but food is mediocre especially for the price.
4	We had a large party and ordered a variety of items.The lobster bisque was very watery and had a small portion of lobster. Upon serving it the waiter accidentally put his thumb in it. But luckily they made a mistake and had brought a second soup so it was easy to swap out.The steaks were all cooked perfectly and delicious.The bake ziti was a large portion and while the waiter said It was a very spicy dish with the sausage I didn't taste any spice at all but it was great all the same.For desert we had the build your own cannoli.Everyone was pleased with the toppings but no one cared for the filling.The view is amazing especially at night and the service was wonderful aside from the mistaken order and thumb in the soup.
5	Came here for my moms birthday, and I must tell you, it was a great choice. The food was delicious and the view is breathtaking. We ordered pasta with shrimp, and fish. And we got dessert as well! The cheesecake is to die for. They even brought my mom a birthday desert. Our waiter was extremely nice and often came to the table to conversate, he was very funny as well and had such a warm personality; I wish I could remember his name. The bus boy was very attentive, pouring us water and bringing us more bread. I would highly recommend this place. The food and service was amazing!
2	Food was good but not having a corkage fee was ridiculous. Drank water. Manager claimed it was against Nevada law... Not so. Never coming back.
4	We were looking for good Italian and based on Yelp reviews we decided to try Nove at the Palms, a Groupon made the decision easier (paid $44 for $80 worth of food).Nove had very good food in a nice space with a view from a high floor. The service was OK, but I think that had more to do with the fact that they didn't have enough servers working -- our server seemed to be running a LOT of tables.We had the Salumi appetizer and although it was excellent, lots of Italian meats and cheeses and a full pizza, it should be scaled to the number of people -- it was way too much food for 2.For dinner, I had the Lobster Pizza, which was kinda like a lobster/arugula salad on a flat bread -- it was perfect for me, light and fresh.Hubby had the Shrimp Scampi, it was a good sized portion, lots of shrimp and well-cooked but it was a little bland, could have used more scampi flavor.If we had another Groupon we might go back, but Circo in Bellagio is a better bet for great Italian, and it's on the Strip.
3	Ok Sometimes staff don't all appreciate a window seat reservation ! Then we have to nudge them into it. Had open-table Res 4 4 at 7:30 on past Thursday... contracts signed late..running late.. Called Nove reset to 8 pm. at 6:45.. asked for Window table again  ok given ..arrived 7:50 asked to wait, as our window table was prepared and adjoured to the bar...while having drinks at empty bar we observed window table cleared & set-up again...we settled up and returned to desk...as we approached we noticed another couple were just being seated at recently cleared setting (which still had setting four 4)....Oh They walked right past it to a table located in the middle of the floor near a large group  NO VIEW at all ! Certainly,  this young lady wasn't going to act as if we did see this young "White COUPLE" ( who came in after and remained in the entry) us just seated at my pre reserved and asked to wait for table " Hold on" I said..went back out to the Young Lady after a brief conversation this she quickly apologized.... made a call  . then.again after many apologies rendered..finally we were seated in the back private room..the food was fine, the drinks were good the view and the service were worth mention after the initial overlooking the arranged seating of our reservation. My Wife is Bi-racial and my guests are African-American, just explaining what happened to us..
5	Amazing food, great service.The best European food in Las Vegas!The view is great but that was not the reason we went there. True for the price you pay a window table will make your night perfect.We had an amazing waiter who made our night special, always there for us.I can only remember the perfect taste of everything we ordered.
5	Did not plan to dine here, but arrived at the Palms after seeing Le Reve...really wanted to go to Ghostbar for a cocktail and view...decided to have something to eat, so we decided on Nove since we had not eaten Italian food in a while...This place is tops in more ways then one...service was excellent from hostess to server to bus staff...had the shrimp starter, which is the best shrimp I ever had...the shrimp scampi and filet mignon were perfecty prepared and reasonably priced considering we had the best seat in the house next to window and 51 floors up...this is very romantic venue, and they will comp you at the Ghostbar, is you are dressed nicely...but then who doesn't dress nicely when they go out in Vegas...
3	Located in the Palms casino, I came here for a business dinner. The location has amazing view of the strip and the service is very good. The food is good, but after being spoiled with the best Italian food at Parma, my standards are set bit high for every Italian restaurant in Vegas. My favorite Italian meal is not pasta, but risotto. The best risotto I've had was in a small hole in the wall joint in NJ. The creaminess of the risotto from the quality of the rice used is the key thing in a risotto. The risotto at Nove was creamy but the quality of the rice was questionable. It was chewy and some of the rice seemed bit under cooked. I would recommend Parma over Nove purely based on the quality of food and service.
2	My boyfriend surprised me with a 4 course meal (via Groupon) to complete our last night getaway in Las Vegas. This place was beautiful; 20 feet ceiling draped in chandeliers, expansive skyline views and a romantic ambiance. The food was amazing with arugula salad, pasta, flank steak with pureed potatoes and a cheesecake topped with various berries. Now the groupon deal stated that 4 courses will be accompanied by a bottle of wine. The problem: the waiter who clearly found no interest in interacting with us after tossing us our pre-planned menus groupon had chosen, seemed to purposefully set us up. My boyfriend asked our waiter which wine came with the dinner and he opened up the wine list and pointed to one page. Now the prices varied up to $100+, so my bf asked several times, " so any of these wines come with the deal.". The waiter hastily stated yes, yes, yes. So we chose a $94 Cabernet with our meal. We had a lovely evening together until the bill came. Now don't get me wrong, we came to Las Vegas to spend money but voluntarily. Not only did the bill include a  $55 dollar gratuity but also the price of the wine plus tax. WHOA! We signaled for our waiter and informed him of his apparent mistake, but he seemed to no longer speak proper English. So the manager was summoned and we let him hear our grievance quietly as to not disturb the other guest, He stated, "Why would you believe that a $94 bottle of wine would be included in the meal?" We explained the exchange with the waiter (seriously my BF asked at least 5 times) and the groupon deal. At this point I'm starting to get ticked off because the manager was just being condescending and dismissive. After 6 minutes of an all out discussion, I said, " Just pay the bill so I can write a review." Then the manager seemed to change his tune. All in all, we walked away paying $22 for the gratuity but it ruined my whole surprise Las Vegas vacation. I will never return to the Palms nor the Nove  EVER AGAIN!
2	The food was great. The service was terrible.  Waited 30 minutes for our reservation. Finally had to ask then waited 10 minutes to pay the bill finally went up to the front and paid the bill. It is really noisy   If you are looking for quiet and nice look elsewhere
5	I had dinner there last night and the customer service was amazing. From the check-in on the casino floor to the waiter. Greeted as soon as I walked up and as for my waiter, my water cup was never half empty. Gave me a great suggestion for a bottle of wine and let me taste it as well. All the employees were very friendly and at the end of the night the waiter took me and my date to the best spot in the restaurant to take pictures as well as a complimentary admission to the palms ghost bar. As for the food, it was amazing! I have the lobster ravioli and my date had the penne pasta...I think I ate more of her food than mine. For dessert I had the strawberry something...AMAZING...I would most definitely come back, and definitely suggest stopping by this place to eat.
5	Make sure you reserve in time for a window seat! They have an amazing menu of meats, seafood, and pastas! The wines are wonderful and they do have daily specials to entice you!
5	Booked a reservation on the Palms's referral.Service: excellent! The ladies were very kind and gentleman very upbeat. Everyone looked like they enjoyed working there. Fast with drinks and our order!Food: I couldn't choose between the Risotto and butternut squash ravioli, our server offered me a half order of both. Oh. Man.... so delicious! I sampled the boyfriend's spaghetti: mm mmm mmmm! Drinks: Finally, a bartender that knows how to make an Old Fashioned the Correct way... I don't remember the drink my boyfriend ordered but it was delicious if you like sweet cocktails.Tab: Yes, it's pricey, but it's 100% worth it, stick to McDonald's if you're on a budget and want diarrhea.
5	From start to finish our experience at Nove was superb! From entering the Palms hotel and finding the host who directs you to the 51st floor... it was already a VIP experience!We were sat in the terrace because my friends were visiting from Ireland and England. Being this was their first time in Vegas they felt they were  treated like royalty. The terrace had by far the greatest view of the strip. Followed by a warm greeting from the Executive sous, Roger Francios and very kind server. Course 1: I have never had Octopus before,  I must say chef cooked the octopus to a tender bite. I was completely satisfied ( "tasted like chicken" ) chef's words! followed by butternut squash ravioli, veal and salmon entrees, and a caprese salad.... FOOD WAS AMAZING!!!! Our server paired our courses with excellent wine choices and finished with my favorite.. Prosecco! To end the night we were greeted by Executive Chef Marlon after asking to give our respects. usually the chef doesn't make time to touch table if to busy, Chef was kind enough to take time to touch our table and we were  much appreciative. Course 3:  We had the make your own cannolis for desert. so creative and so yummy! I strongly believe the level of service in this restaurant far exceeded my expectations! I commend the entire team for doing such an excellent job! We will return if ever in Vegas again. with great gratitude, very satisfied guests
5	This is my 4th time at this restaurant and every time I come here I am never disappointed.. Here are my reasons why: 1- the View is spectacular!! Strip view and the famous Palms sign! 2- the Food is always a winner. I can always count on it being on point. Was never a disappointment 3- the Staff - feels like family! Very friendly and welcoming and you never feel rushed! Thats what i like about this place. 4- the Chef! -- Mr. Marlon Simbulan always cooks up a menu like no other. Expanding my palette to a different level. *5--the Kitchen staff -- without these people, working hard to cook and make the food you got the whole package deal here..:I met my quota of the year with Nove and its good to know that im excited to see what the new year will bring to this restaurant for the next year to come! Bring it on 2015!! Coz ill back back!! --marivic97
5	Had dinner for the first time and it was one of the best experiences at a restaurant my family has ever had. From the time we stepped into the elevator service was great. Food was AMAZING servers we very prompt and polite. Cocktails were very tasty as well but it's the food that what impressed me. Everything was great from out appetizers to our main course which was the "Trio Special". At the end Executive Chef Marlon Simbulan came out and spoke with us and asked us how was everything and our first experience at his restaurant. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this restaurant because of the all around experience.
5	Went here for our New Year's Eve dinner. I could not have asked for a more perfect end to my crazy 2014.1. The downstairs hostess, Samantha, was so sweet when we checked in. She greeted us with a super friendly and positive attitude.2. Although it was super crowded upstairs we were seated at our table very quickly. Unfortunately I didn't get the names of the upstairs hostesses but they were all super friendly and they all greeted us.3. As soon as we sat down our waiter, Lowell, greeted us and handled our drink order right away. 4. The dinner that night was a preset coursed meal. Everything from start to finish was absolutely fantastic. The shrimp with white wine in the first course had me so excited at what was to come. For my entree I ordered the duck which was absolutely amazing. I was getting so full towards the end of my entree but I couldn't stop myself from eating it. 5. Finally during dessert chef marlon came out to our table to ask us how everything was. It was so awesome that he took the time on a busy night to come check on how we were doing.6. We even did the count down in the bar area and had an incredible view of all the fireworks going on. With our complimentary champagne to ring in 2015.Thank you so much Nove staff for giving us an incredible experience! We will definitely be back next time we are in town. :)
4	Service was great - food delicious - view nice - a good way to spend an evening enjoying good company and great Italian.
