4	One of my favorite pubs in Montreal, close to the centre of downtown and right next to Concordia, there is always a good crowd. If you are looking for a good pint or a decent plate of pub grub this is my first choice. Most nights there is live music on the main floor, and a good cozy atmosphere, although it can get quite loud with a full bar and a band playing. Not my first choice if I need to have serious conversation. A nice feature is that there are 3 floors, the main floor being the main pub, upstairs is more of a dance bar, and downstairs a quieter smaller pub.Definitely check it out, well worth your time.
4	McKibbins is the kind of place you go to when you want to sit and drink a pint or two and just relax.  The space is dark yet welcoming, with lots of corners.  The list of draft beers is extensive.  The food menu has lots of choices and is consistently good.  While the fish and chips is not the absolute most amazing fish and chips I've ever had, it's still excellent, and a far cry from the so-so fish and chips most places try to pass off.  McKibbons is my choice when I want comfort food and good beer.
3	Good bar in Montreal. Very cool to be in a very Irish pub with French accents all around. I agree with the last two posts, the pub grub is indeed delicious, I enjoyed their shepherd's pie, which is ground beef and corn in a braised stock and scented with rosemary topped with homemade mashed potatoes and served with a small green salad.Wash down all of the goodness with one of their many tap beers.They have live music pretty much daily and have a quiz night Mondays.
3	Good pub grub, good comraderie, and lots of overall fun. It's a loud, noisy, hole-in-the-wall with good food and lots of shouting at Habs games.
4	As soon as I started writing this review all I could think was "Damnit, I am five hours away from that amazing Shepherd's Pie". Like has been mentioned in previous reviews, the pub grub at McKibbins is very tasty. Add to that a good selection of beers, great live music and very friendly servers and you have an ideal hangout. My boyfriend and I started (okay and ended) our night here. We sat at a table in the front and ordered dinner and a few pints. We were graciously kicked out of our table after dinner and a few drinks as we happened to be sitting on the stage and I guess the band didn't want to play around us. The waitress was apologetic and kinda tried to get us a table, which we eventually succeeded in doing ourselves. The music was also pretty great for a pub: the Killers, Franz Ferdinand, Radiohead and more. So much better than the cheesy 80's rock or 70's elevator music you usually hear. The band initially continued on this vein of great music until their second set when it became more synonymous with a early 90's wedding band. Van Morrison, Billy Joel and soft rock were so sub-par in comparison to their first set. (Not entirely the bar's fault.)Later on in the night, our server forgot about us and we had to track her down for rounds and the bill. This can be attributed to the hordes of people in the bar and the quickness with which the drinks went down though...Extra: On nights the Canadiens play, they pass out (to the tables) cards with player's names. If your Canadien scores a goal, you get a free round of shots. Even though our dude didn't score, kudos for the idea.
3	3.5 stars. I came here to meet some friends for a drink, sports, and the live band. It seems to me Montreal could be called Little Boston, or vice versa. Irish pubs are all over the place! This one was laid out like a real pub in Ireland, with nooks and separated area, and bench seats at long tables... but they did have TVs. Hockey was on and they had a great promo going for if certain player scores, a table would get a round of free shots. Our table didn't win, had it... maybe I'd give 4 stars. Choice of beers on tap was good and the waitress had okay timing for refills. The local band was good, although started out high and slowly made it's way down, but that's not the bars fault. I'd come back here if I were in Montreal again. I heard the food is good so next time I'll give it a try.
4	I've been there last year there's some typical pub food. In General pretty decent food, the portions are gigantic! I'm a big guy and I need to share my Curry Fries plate. The selection of beer is pretty typical, no micro brewery. Okay selection of scotch and beers. Overall the place is fun, familly can bring their kids to eat, it is load, always sport on large screen and Bands on Fridays and Saturdays.  See the one in the West Island, it's a good place for a boring spot with no nightlife. This one downtown is  good looking however don't get drunk there, it's too expensive for that.They accept Credit cards and Interact /Bank cards
5	Irish Pub perfection. If this place was in Boston, I would be there every night. It has everything for me. GREAT GuinnessWhen you walk in it is dark, but you feel like you are back in Ireland. It has coners, nooks, beams, and obstructed views. It is like an Original 6 arena in that it has that little something extra in a world full of bland and boring places. They have hockey on all the TV's. I had the pleasure of watching Montreal lose to the Ducks on a snowy night last winter. They have some great drunk sing along music. Anytime you combine Irish Folk with 80s music, there is destined to be a lot of singing. Funny thing too, when ever I'm in there, I always see a spoaked B or two. I guess Bruins fans think alike.I'll be back next winter.
4	Cool Irish place.Good Guinness.Good food.Good service.I Recommend: Shepherd's Pie, Fish & Chips, Mckibbon's Poutine
5	"Have another little piece of my heart now, baby."Oh sorry, that's been stuck in my head for an entire week.It's your first visit to Montreal ever and you're excited to party your pants off. In search for some clubbing action, you find yourself amongst hundreds of people crowding St. Laurient. Like a stripper swimming in a tip jar of singles, you can't wait to get your dance.Naive American: "Is there a cover?"Bouncer: "No, wait on line."(wait)Bouncer: "Your name? You on the guest list?"Naive American: "Umm...."This continues to occur for every single club on the St. Laurient strip. Freezing cold and losing your buzz, any glimmer of hope for fun is slowly drifting away. Finally, you give up on the club idea and step into the opposite of what you were looking for, an Irish pub.However, it turns out all well. No line and the bouncer immediately lets you in. It's crowded and lively inside. There's an amazing live band playing classic rock. You immediately run to the bar. "BEER AND SHOT!" Take your shot, run to the front of the crowd with beer in hand, and sing at the top of your lungs some Janis Joplin, "Have another little piece of my heart now, baby!"Let the Guinness and Jameson take care of the rest of the night. Rinse. Repeat.
4	With our infernal winters, if you are ever in the mood for the best Shepherd's Pie and the best-poured Guinness in Montreal, then this is the spot for you!Prices are very reasonable and the food, while limited in variety and completely centered on pub grub, is excellent. I've never had a bad burger, sandwich, steak or aforementioned Shepherd's Pie here, ever. It's exactly the sort of place you either come with a friend and hang out and have these great conversations long into the evening or you come here alone for a late lunch if you have an hour to yourself and you're in the neighborhood, while studying or reading a book.Service is friendly and quick, the staff here are pretty young and most of them are students at Concordia University, next door.Hockey nights here are crazy and the Thursday and Friday 5 a 7 crowd can be quite loud. Friday and Saturday nights are ALWAYS busy, you'd be lucky to find a table or booth.They now have franchises and there is a McKibbons out in the West Island as well as St. Laurent Street (taking over the old Shed Cafe). I still think the Bishop Street location is the best. In general, a great place to grab a bite and a drink with a friend.
4	I just remember I got there from Toronto in a really hungry afternoon,obviously, there are few ppl, and I order many foods. And beer. so satisfied. Nice place.
4	Great Pub! A little bit crowdy sometimes. I am going there like once per month now because the place is nice and well designed for convenience. I hate bars that go so much with design but you are just not comfortable because you are always stuck somehow. The staff is friendly, nice and good with service.
5	A cozy Irish pub on Bishop street right next to Concordia University.  McKibbins is a great bar to watch the Canadiens play - or just indulge in some pints and whiskey!Known for having one of the best hamburgers in town - if you have an appetite just order the Deluxe Burger and be ready for feast.Another wacky - but great menu item is the curry poutine. Get it with grilled chicken and it's a pseudo-curry chicken, served with fries and cheese curds. You'll love it.Finally - if you have a stomach of steel, you can join me and many other patrons on the "Wall of Flame".  It's a chicken wing challenge where you must eat 12 of the hottest wings in town. Made with ghost peppers - this dirty dozen of wings require you to sign a waiver before you can even start. In return, you'll get your name written on their wall - and a funky t-shirt to show off your win to all.  My tip to you all: Don't drink your beer to dowse the heat - order a glass of milk, and ice-cream off the menu (why do you think it's there!) and take that instead. Expect the pain to continue hours later (thus the name - Rim Reaper...)During the summer months the back is opened up and you can enjoy your meal on the back patio enjoying the Montreal heat
4	A friendly barkeep recommended this place to us as they were doing last call at 2AM.  We went to the basement 'Speakeasy' portion of this bar.  Exactly as advertised, dark, dank drinkhole - ignore the college kids around here and it's pretty damned good.I was about half way through my Jameson's when I noticed they had Murphy's Stout on tap (yes, there are more Irish stouts than 'Guinness').  I'm from a two-horse town called Vancouver and I've been to many a Irish bar in my time and this is the first I've seen it on tap.  My mentor once told me that Murphy's on tap is nectar of the gods.  It doesn't sell well and the taps are usually aren't clean - so it's hard to find a good pint.  Anyways - I can attest that taps are clean and you should have a pint if you have the chance.  It has a roasted chocolate flavour so deserve more broad appeal than heavily marketed Guinness.Anyways - cool bar and an honest bartender.  Tell Jamie your trials and tribulations and he'll tell you he doesn't care.  Nice.  My friend picked up the hiccups and we tried the usual tricks (holding your breath, etc.) - Jamie taught us a near-foolproof way of curing the hiccups.  I'm not going to spoil it - but ask about it and you really have to trust the barkeep.  But seriously - near foolproof way of curing the hiccups!  That's worth the trip alone.
2	Went to enjoy a beer and some pub food.... great selection in beer but the food was terrible. Had, what I thought, traditional fish and chips. Terrible! Fries were over cooked and cold. Fish cold. Advised the waitress the issue .. she took the plate back and had it reheated. Stuffed the lemon wedge in the coleslaw so the lemon would not get hot!. Really pathetic. Did not replace the fries nor fish. Came back and really overdone now.  Will not go back again.
4	A solid bar, with a good Irish experience.I must admit I don't care much for most Irish pubs - they're similar to Australian pubs back home, but not quite the same. I do however, appreciate a good pub in North America (they're so much harder to come by here) and this is one of them. From my friends here in Montreal it sounds like McKibbin's is a local institution, with this one being the first (of three throughout the island).The food isn't amazing, but if you want a feed to go with your drink you'll be very happy. All the dishes I saw go past looked good, and the dish I did try (chicken tenders) were solid, and a generous portion at that. Looking at some of the other reviews, I think I'll definitely go back for food there again to try some of their other dishes.
2	I'm not a fan of extremely loud, trashy, and dirty places, and so this place isn't exactly exciting in my books. Drinks are ok, and food is fine (although a friend of mine just had a bad case of food poisoning from their dish of the day...). Not really my cup of tea, but if you're a fan of Irish pubs, I guess this is one of the more popular ones..
4	I found McKibbin's through Yelp when I was searching for good burgers places near me, first two visites were all for a late snack and they weren't serving food, but yet I couldn't leave! I had to have a drink and enjoy the live music! I am lil bit biased because I adore rock music and specially live! I have seen couple of bands there and they all rocked \m/ Had my first burger yesterday, and yes it was amazing, the home French fries were lil bit oily but yet outstanding. The service: my first two experiences weren't that cool, they were not even smiling! (maybe because it was already late and they might be exhausted), last visit the waitress was lovely and helpful.
4	I always have a great time when I go here. I go with the same group of friends, and we order the same thing. Hamburgers. And they do them well! Do not order the fire wings. Two of my friends did despite repeated warnings by the waitress, and snot started running out of four nostrils at the same time. It was disgusting. Yet quite hysterical. I need to find new friends to take here... So they can try the wings;))
3	Just discovered McKibbins with a friend last week, we both had burgers (one was Guiness deluxe, the other was bison regular. We had good service, good food, didnt try the drinks though, perhaps on a night where we don't work the next morning!I would love to try the ghost pepper wing challenge one day...
3	Just came here for a couple beers.  Good atmosphere on a Thursday night.  There was a band playing and hockey on TV so I was entertained.
4	Located right next door to Concordia, you can expect a lot of university students and people working in the area to be here on break, winding down after a long day, or in celebration of some sort. It easily gets packed over the weekends and since it is a small pub, it will be difficult to find seating. However, during the week, it quiets down and on most nights they have a good band playing. They also have a few TV's situated throughout the pub, so for all the sports-junkies, this is the place to be.They have a decent food menu which includes hamburgers, wings, poutine, nachos, and various meat pie's, among others. The "Rim Reaper Wings" are insane, just keep in mind that the way it comes in, is the way it goes out - BURNING. In a nutshell, the atmosphere and service is great, it's chill during the week and rowdier on the weekends. Their beer hits the spot, though I would never think of ordering cocktails here, or at any pub for that matter. And a few items on the menu such as the Guinness or McKibbins burger are worth ordering, I haven't eaten here much.
4	I love this spot! Went both at McKibbins and at Winnies upstairs. Crowd was a bit older at Winnies but anyway both the floors have terrases outlooking the crescent street and have different themes. I always end up having a good time with friends and family. The bartenders are extremely helpful so kudos!!! This place really is in a good location and out of the many times Ive been here I have yet to have a bad experience. Hopefully not.. :)
4	Ah McKibbin's.. Come for the wood panneling and ironic ye-ole-irish signeage, stay for the gazillion intimate little alcoves, 90s alterna-rock music and decently-priced booze. As a vegan, my options are limited. They'd be even more limited if I had the vegan ethics to pass up on the fries or potato-leak soup or vegie burger, all of which probably wouldn't cut vegan standards if I asked about ingredient and cooking specifics. But ya know, it's McKibbin's. And I keep going back. The food isn't terrific by any means, but screw it there's ambiance at McKibbin's.  And that counts for a lot.Last time I went there was before a Hab's game. I was with my dad and little brother and I ordered a shot and a beer and my little brother did likewise and my dad disapproved and just ordered orange juice or some such. It was awesome. Or the times I've met Jason there after work and it's so close and convenient it takes you five minutes from job to drink. Oh - and pretty much at every point when I've felt depressy, I've gone there to drink booze with a friend in a back booth. And then we order fries. And the the Gin Blossoms come on the stereo system and we're all like "Hey, Jealousy... hey jealousy.." And then somehow, it's better. That's why McKibbin's gets 4 stars.
4	Good times, good people, great food, good beers.
4	Saw the place on Rue Bishop. Had the bison burger & fries on the first visit. Grilled salmon and mashed potatoes the next. All good. Plenty of Irish ale and stout on tap. Staff seemed friendly. The Guinness was expertly drawn. I'd go again. You don't have to speak French to be treated well here!By the way, it seemed I was able to log on to workable Wi-Fi when I was there last week. Great old house that it's in.
4	Love the bison burger!! And the fries are amazing!! I look forward to going there just for the buger! A definite must try!!
4	Such friendly service - our service was the nicest lady and she had a GREAT sense of humour.  (I could tell from our very short encounter.)  The food was tasty - although you might find yourself adding a bit of salt to the soup.  Great live music (in the middle of the day!) and great brews!
5	This is a place I will definitely return to in the future. I stopped in here to grab a beer and decided I had to try their poutine. Instead of gravy, they use their curry sauce and it is amazing! It's a typical pub setting right down from the Musee des Beaux Arts. It's definitely worth a visit!
4	I really liked this place! staff was nice and the crowd is pretty cool. Mainly university students.There are 3 floors; Main floor has live music. Downstairs is pretty small but upstairs is pretty big, there's a dancefloor.I will definitely be add this place to my "chill spots"
4	This place is very cool and mellow. The live band was very enjoyable to listen with there different variety of songs. They made it feel comfortable for people to stand and dance and sing along out loud. The bar as a whole is pretty big with 3 different floors. The drinks are reasonable price and the staff are pretty cool. One of the nights I went the place was charging an extreme amount of money for men to enter the 3 floor which was a dance night (wasn't worth it for the price they were charging to enter). But overall the pub was a fun place to hang and let loose.
3	I have been to McKibbon's several times in the past; it's a great Irish pub. A disappointing sidenote I must mention is that they don't offer pitchers of beer, only pints/bottles. We had reserved the 2nd floor for a surprise double-60th birthday celebration for my aunt & uncle. The staff was very nice and attentive, save for one girl who made it obvious she would rather have been elsewhere, BUT I digress... I opted for the fish'n'chips with sweet potato fries. I'm a big fan of fish'n'chips, and an even bigger fan of sweet potato fries, so the bar was already set pretty high. The fish was well breaded and seasoned, and not overly oily as can happen, so they earn points for that. On the other hand, although the sweet potato fries were pretty good, I think they were a little over cooked, and could've been cut a little thicker. All in all though, a good meal. The only disappointment was that they had no cherries for my Shirley Temple! But thank you Gino for not charging me for it!
3	Located just outside Concordia University, McKibbin's offers a very friendly hangout after a long day. Walking in, you can see all the pub decor, but in the summer, you can sit outside in the back. Service was prompt and friendly and our orders were taken quickly. I ordered the prime rib special. Overall, it was alright for the price paid (which is cheaper than most places that serve prime rib). The prime rib was well seasoned and very tender. I would have liked to see my meat a little pinker, but I understand that they are a pub. The sides were unimpressive (mash potatoes needed a little more salt and steamed vegetables tasted nothing). Beer was okay too. For an irish pub, McKibbin's hits all the right marks (pub food, some irish dishes and pint a beers with friends).
5	Best nachos ive ever had, hands down. The food at mckibbons is incredible. We had the guinness nachos, quesadillas, bangers and mash & sheppards pie. It was all amazing. We went back later and the upstairs was awesome. $25 all you can drink wednesday nights. Definitely coming back!
3	Before my bf and I left for Toronto, we wanted to sit out on a patio, or as they call it here, Le Terrace. Since we did not know the area, we stopped at the first pub we came across. For a hot, sunny, Sunday, this place was very quiet. Where were all the people? (If we had just walked a bit further on the street, and turned left, we would have seen all the people on better and snazzier patios...boo).Not a problem. The food here was very yummy and good. The menu's are very cute as it's the form of an old newspaper that has cool facts about The Titanic (did you know that the ship was the first ever to have an indoor pool?) My bf decided to order their Sheppard's Pie, which is one of the restaurants signature dishes. Very yummy, rich and filling. I decided to order their Main Salad with Chicken, which was also very good. Something light amidst the Beer-drenched wings we ordered for apps. Overall, a great place to stop by for a quick drink. Service was quick and efficient.
4	I am not one to just go to a bar or pub to have a drink but I stop by this spot often with my co-workers for lunch on Fridays because it's a great place to have a beer over lunch. They have some very tasty choices. Here are some of my favs:-Titanic Burger with flavours and size just as gigantic as the ship.-Guinness Burger.... just try it :)-Bison Burger
3	Showed up on a Friday night. A band was rocking the house. Lots of fun. The beer selection is pretty standard. This is your classic Irish pub. The girl to guy ratio was really low. A little crowded as well. Good atmosphere and an older crowd. Had fun here, but probably not a first choice in the area.
1	God awful service1. They got my order wrong, then they argued with me when I tried to correct them.2. It tasted awful.3. I still had to pay for it.4. I ended up getting sick and barfing it all out.I ain't going back to that death-trap.
1	This restaurant is not good. The customer service sucks and everything you order something on the menu...the waiters/waitresses get it wrong every time. It takes so long to get your food and their Irish stew is way too salty. Yuck!I ordered a salad with my burger and I didn't get it but I got something else instead and also, on top of that, the staff wanted a tip in spite of their inferior customer service. I'm a proud Irishman and I have to say the service and quality of food at this Irish pub is a disgrace to Ireland and Irish people. This farce of a restaurant brings a tear to my eyes and leaves my stomach aching with searing pain and many visits to the toilet!For shame! I will not return to this restaurant if my life depended on it!
4	It's a mid-range priced place to grab a beer. Food is good for the mostpart. Brought a boyfriend here once since I had a 2 for 1 coupon and he wanted to try the RIMREAPER challenge. Long story short, I got dinner and a show. Wiki the wings before you try them, they're brutal.Food:  8/10 - good but saltyService:  7/10 - nothing specialPrice:  6/10 - I'm cheap...Atmosphere:  9/10
4	I consider McKibbin's to be one of my hangouts.I've only had two mediocre experiences: the curry poutine was way too hot for anybody to eat and the Titanic burger was too expensive for what it's actually worth.Besides that, everything is delicious, the drinks are great, the staff are really nice. I go as much as possible when i'm out.
3	I'm not usually one for pubs, but if I were, it's safe to say that McKibbin's would be my spot. Live music, lots of beer and classic pub fare, it's actually a pretty fun time if you're not jammed in there trying to get a table. The food is good, the beer is good, the atmosphere is good. Really, it's an all around good vibe, and that's (you guessed it) good.
4	McKibbins has, in my opinion, the best veggie burgers in the city. The fries used to be pretty fantastic as well, but either a change in the kitchen or a change in the product has left them only about average. Thankfully, they still have malt vinegar. Drinks tends to be a little more expensive than some other places on crescent street. Don't ever waste your time with the apple pie, i have had it 3 times and each time it was dry, and luke warm.
1	Walked in and it seemed kinda crowded but we waited to be seated. Guy walked by and said find a seat wherever you can. We looked around and there weren't any. It was raining outside so we couldnt sit. There was one table with an umbrella so we asked a waitress walking by if there were any other available. She rudely dismissed us with "we have like one other one I think but I have no idea where it is." she kept walking right by us. Rude as could be. We stood in the middle of the joint for a few minutes to see if anyone was moving. Awkwardly.... And then decided to leave. No one wanted to help or to tell us if there was anything available or how long we'd be waiting so... They don't get our money. Simple.
4	The servers and the bartenders are great!The beers are nice and cold (this is one of my favourite places for beers).I have tried several main dishes on the menu and most of them are from good to excellent - the appetizers are excellent.  The portion is usually very generous.The only down side (as the result of their own success), It can be quite crowded and noisy sometimes.  So be prepared to talk LOUD to be heard.
5	Awesome place.  Except the Rim Reaper will hunt you down.Tasty food.  I enjoy it everytime. Nice environment.
4	Good food, typical pub atmosphere. Nice back deck/ beer garden.
4	I went here with my friend between classes in search of a small bar food-like snack and wasn't disappointed. There is a long list of appetizers available, I chose the Celtic rolls and some cider. I didn't expect the cider to come in a pint glass full to the brim but it was pretty fantastic... Long live the Irish! The Celtic rolls had some pretty intense curry flavour in them but along with the cider to wash it down it was a good snack. My friend had the onion soup and said it could have used more cheese but all in all it was good. The environment is pretty chill with cute round tables to sit at and plenty things hung on the wall to look at and the staff is really nice, it is for sure more busy in the evening/night but perfect for an afternoon break :)
1	90$ dinner for two with two pints each and one shared appetizer of hot chicken wings, though delicious, gave us both food poisoning! I had been in Montreal 4 hours and hadn't eaten since breakfast, and now my trip, so far, consists of me retching into a toilet.
