5	I made a beeline for Elixir once I saw the word "Organic" on its promotional sign in the parking lot where the fresh52 Farmer's Market is held. There are not too many Organic restaurant/cafes in Henderson and needless to say, I was stoked. They have only recently opened (a 'soft' opening) and don't have their full menu just yet, but there is already plenty of deliciousness to enjoy. I started by devouring their sumptuous vegan chocolate cake, since other people had already finished up the red velvet cake (boo!), while waiting for my Caesar wrap on a spinach tortilla. The cake was wonderfully light and fluffy and adequately moist, and I was still quite hungry when the wrap came out. The wrap was perfect. The presentation was lovely, and it was served with a little cup of cold grapes, a pickle, and a hot pepper. The wrap itself was one of the most gorgeous, tastiest spinach wraps I've ever seen - whole wheat with flecks of spinach, rather than the green ones I've seen elsewhere. The Caesar dressing was light and tasty, and the veggies were fresh and finely chopped. This sandwich normally comes with chicken, but I am vegetarian and they were happy to substitute tomatoes. They plan to add hot sandwiches to the menu as well as a breakfast menu - yum. Currently there are a variety of fresh fruit / yogurt / boba tea smoothies as well as salads, other sandwiches, and a few other things I can't remember. I plan to return frequently. Great addition to the neighborhood!
1	Very disappointing.  We went to Elixir with high hopes given their menu and approach to food.We arrived and were one of two groups in the entire restaurant.  The waitress was pleasant enough, let us know the menu was limited and would be expanding.  We ordered and it somehow took 35 minutes for basically soup, salads and a sandwich.  By the time 10 minutes had passed we were the only group in the restaurant and it took over 20 minutes for them to tell us they were out of ingredients for one of the orders.When the food came it was pretty good.  Soup was bland, salad was unexceptional, but the veggie sandwich and thai beef wrap were both very good.Unfortunately, despite the incredibly long wait time, the owner, who was in the building, declined to come out and say anything to us and even more amazingly told the waitress the best she could do is take 10% off the check.  Most insulting - the waitress said that the owner said we could put our feedback on a comment card!  Wow.  The only guests in her new restaurant and couldn't come out.  Simply amazing.I can't even begin to wrap my head around that kind of mentality.  She should be begging to come to talk to every guest during her soft opening, whether the food took 35 minutes or not.  Then to not come out and introduce herself under these circumstances - just mindblowing.  We will not be back - I cannot support management with such little passion for their guests.To have a brand new restaurant opening and not want to come out and greet
2	Wow, had to wait almost 20 mins for a hot sandwich and a minestrone soup to go. If I knew it would have been that long, I think I would have just gone home to make my own lunch.My boyfriend got the hot beef sandwich. When we got home (not even 5 mins away) it was all soggy and falling apart. The sauce wasn't even on the sandwich yet. The beef was tasty, but nothing spectacular. It came with grapes, a pickle and a hot pepper. He got the sandwich on multi-grain bread which he was fairly disappointed with.I got a bowl of the minestrone soup (vegetarian). For one, I thought minestrone was supposed to have beans? I'm not crazy about beans, but I'd expect to see a few, especially it being vegetarian.. how do they expect you to get full? This soup was definitely mediocre. The noodles were extremely soggy and mushy! The bowl for $4.99 was more the size of a cup! I wonder how small the cup is..The prices are outrageous. My boyfriend's hot sandwich, a bowl of minestrone and a iced black tea came out to $19!! Next time, I'm driving up the road to Go Raw Cafe for some better tasting/fresh food, even if it is raw!The interior decor looks sort of like a mediterranean restaurant. Had some cool looking paintings. But there were tons of shelves with nothing in them. The seating ranges from tiny tables for two, or couch seating for groups. There is also a bar looking area where their a worker making smoothies and drinks.Overall, not worth the wait or the price.
4	They had a whole menu for vegetarian/vegan folks and the staff was very friendly and enthusiastic. I tried the Philly "cheese" steak made with "turkey" strips and an Italian eggplant panini. Both were SOO good! I liked the Philly best. I will be going back for sure!(I'm re-posting this here, I already it posted on another restaurant with the same name but a different address so I'm not sure which is the right one)
3	I'm always excited to hear about a new vegan-friendly eatery in town, so I couldn't wait to check this place out!  The cafe is open and bright, and they have both tables or sofa seating available. They also have a stage, so maybe they will be having live music at some point? Or maybe an open mic poetry night where I can read my vegan sonnets? (Kidding!)They have a standard cafe menu of soups, salads, and sandwiches (including wraps and panini).  They have a list of like 6 vegan soups (!!) including vegan chix noodle, minestrone, chili, lentil, and butternut squash.  However, only the lentil was available.  Booooo!There is a vegan/vegetarian version of the standard menu that is almost exactly the same -- they just replace the meat and/or cheese with a vegan version (they have Tofurkey and Crown meats, and it looks like Daiya cheez).  My server told me that all of the vegan/veggie menu is vegan (or can be made as such).  Yay!!!They also have a juice bar, various teas, boba (which is organic and not as sweet as regular boba - I overheard a discussion about this) and frozen yogurt.  You can dine in or do takeout.The service was pretty quick, I was seated immediately with a menu, then a couple minutes later I was brought a little dish of dried fruit to gnaw on while making my menu decision.  What a cute idea!I opted for the Vegan Cobb Salad ($9.99) with vegan ranch dressing.  I will admit I was a little underwhelmed, although, to be fair, it came exactly as described on the menu - lettuce, tomatoes (only a few), croutons bacon bits, fake turkey, a little cheez, and avocado.  I could have used a few more veggies in there (carrots? cucumber?).  But what the hell, I've never had a real Cobb salad so maybe that's right on the money. Regardless, it was a good size, very tasty. and they did not skimp on the avocado!  The dressing was so good.  They only gave me a little tiny cup, but that's really all I needed.... and if they'd doled out more, I would have just slopped on some unnecessary calories.  The salad also came with some very fluffy whole wheat pita that was delish.  I just had a black iced tea to drink, which was fine but nothing special (and $2.99?!?).They have a deal going on now that you get half off your drink with the purchase of an entree.  It's a bit pricey, but it is organic food, so you're getting really good quality.  I think this place has a lot of potential.  As is, I'd give it a 3.5, so we might be rounding this score up to 4 if my next visit (and there will definitely be one) goes well.
5	The Lemongrass Chicken Sandwich was one of the best sandwiches I have ever had, but I am a sucker for Southeast Asian flavor.  I wish the sandwich was bigger, but I really can't complain.  Go hard, Elixir.  go hard.
3	Far bigger than I imagined, Elixir is quite spacious with ample seating, lounge areas off to the sides (complete with comfy couches) & even a mini stage (for what purpose, I do not know). The decor is interesting to say the least...very Victorian-esque, with oil paintings of scenic landscape on the walls, flowery furniture and gold accents. The serenity and decor of this place made me feel like I was in the lounge area of a spa. The theme continued to the bathroom as well, where I found myself confused by the really low-placed mirror and the tiny vanity. Truthfully, I expected an organic cafe to have a modern design w/ simple, clean features & bright colors. Anyways, it was a surprise. The menu features a lot of healthy choices, including vegan and vegetarian items. There are also cakes and other baked treats behind the glass display at the counter. I didn't eat anything, but I did have a glass of Iced Green Tea (free refill!). I'm not a tea expert, but the green tea didn't really taste like green tea. But overall, it was refreshing. The server was very friendly and definitely made sure my glass always had tea in it, so extra points for the lovely service. This place closes at 7, but the owner/server said she wouldn't close shop until all the customers left :) I'll have to come back to try the food sometime as it looked good.
4	For some reason this review got moved to my Yelp Book Club review and I don't know why.  Made my Yelp Book Club review nonsensical. So I'm posting it here again.  Yelp, sometimes you are such a mystery.Came here for the Yelp Book Club.  They have fancy chairs couches - even a recliner that rocks! It's a large, comfortable environment.  The servers are nice and kept refilling our tea without interrupting the book club.  There was something going on with a blender behind the bar which was a little annoying, but the servers have to do what they have to do to make the drinks.It closes at 7pm, which is a little early.  But the servers let us stay a little longer along with other customers.  Nice restrooms in the back, even if they are single stall.  Seems like a nice place to just hang out on the weekends.
4	I was a little skeptical about an "organic" cafe. I figured tiny portions and big $$. To my surprise the food was great and our check was low! Even my 200lb husband got his fill, and the food was fresh and tasty. I also got a watermelon smoothie, which I ended up not being a fan of due to the mint they added (I hate mint). Their menu selection was rather diverse and plentiful, we will definitely go back. They are also open on Sundays, which is a big bonus.
4	On my way to vega I wanted to have some fresh juice and healthy food. So I stopped here at elixir. It is clean and spacious although the decor is not really very appealing. I ordered fresh carrot juice with ginger my kids got a smoothie And a Mac n cheese. So far just ok until the coconut squash soup came...omg delicious. Nice to have some fresh foo before heading into Vegas. Also the server was super cool an friendly.
5	Lemongrass chicken sandwhich is amazing and wonderful flavored tea. Carrot cake is realy yummy too.  Wish Vegas would have more Vegan and Organic cafes like this!
5	A terrific find! All food is organic and mostly vegetarian! I had a portobello Philly. It was delicious! Nice atmosphere, friendly waitress. They also serve breakfast. I'm going back soon for vegetarian eggs Benedict and fruit filled wheat pancakes!
1	I hope this restaurant doesn't go out of business soon.  It took forever for the food to arrive that we ended up asking for it to go.  Also, while the staff was in the kitchen, we saw customers come in, wait to be seated, and leave since there was not a proper host/hostess position.  The portions are ridiculously small and not filling in the least bit.  Overpriced, bad service, absolutely no one in the restaurant during lunch hour on a Sunday (besides the other party sitting outside).Another bone to pick, they list out all the soups on their menu and do not specify that they only have one soup of the day.  Bleh.  Save your pretty pennies for a real organic cafe.
3	Nice enough staff. Very clean place. But I don't see how it's going to make it. It took as long to get our smoothies is it did our burgers. And the smoothies were about 20% higher in price than tropical smoothie. REALLY sleep music in here too.I'd go next store to the kabob place that's better :)
4	On a mid morning Sunday, the restaurant was a ghost town. This normally is not a good sign and I almost darted. Heard that Elixir tends to be on the more expensive side, so my friend and I had purchased a Groupon Now before come here. In the end, we were unable to use it. If you purchase one to be used before 11:30am make sure to order breakfast, because it does not cover lunch. We had ordered lunch, because their breakfast specials did not sound appealing. I had ordered the Lemongrass Turkey Burger on a grain bun($9.99). The juicy patty was topped with pickled diakon and carrots, lettuce, cilantro, cucumbers, and raw onions. All this talk about banh mi has got me subconsciously seeking out these flavors. It was absolutely delicious. Each sandwich comes with a side of chips and chunky mango salsa. For the price compared to quality, it was really reasonable. I would definitely come back for this burger.
3	Friendly enough staff for sure, but this can be a burden we you just want a quick juice and to move on. I had to pressure them to get on with my order after waiting about 15 mins and realizing it had not been startedAlso the location is tough. Parking is congested in this lot once you find the place in it's little corner. Unfortunately it is not open during the Sunday farmers market in this shopping center which would bring folks inAside from these items I very much enjoyed Denise as she helped me from behind the bar and she made me a great veg juice ordered to my likingWhen you go do not be in a rush and appreciate the product they are offering unique to the big box strip malls elsewhere. It is worth supporting for that alone
2	I read the reviews about waiting 20 minutes for a sandwich, but I still wanted to try this place because they have Boba smoothies. One would think a smoothie would take 5-10 minutes. I waited OVER 30 minutes for a drink! The owner tried to justify this by saying they cook their boba fresh. I ordered a chocolate banana smoothie, which has chocolate, banana and strawberry. The smoothie was really good minus the fresh cooked Boba. I slurped around them. If you're used to Boba you get from a traditional Bubble teashop, skip theirs.Good product, but not worth the wait. Many options within 1-3 miles.
3	I stopped over here with my mom after she got her hair done, since we were pretty much starving.  It was early afternoon, and there were only 2 other couples there, so service was pretty good.  We ended up sitting at a small table for two vs. the nice plush couches and sofas, but maybe next time I come back, I'll wanna get comfy.  I'll admit that I only tried this place out because of the Groupon, but for the amount of food, it was a deal I couldn't pass up--2 burgers/wraps, 2 drinks, and a dessert for $17.  My mom and I ordered the following: Lemongrass Burger made of grass fed beef on Gluten-free bread, 2 orders of chips and mango salsa, 2 Pomegranate Green Teas, the Veggie Italian Burger with grilled Portobello Mushroom on Multi-grain bread, and the Black Forest Cake.  The burgers were delicious, so yummy and juicy.  They were actually quite huge, and my mom and I had a hard time finishing our burgers and blue corn chips n salsa.  I honestly thought that the burgers were good, the teas were refreshing, and the service was excellent--she came around quite often to check up on us.  However, I didn't appreciate the fact that the menus were not updated and I changed my order a few times because the menus didn't accurately reflect what was being served--burgers and dessert options, as well as tea selection.  I didn't feel like a wrap so I don't know if they have updated that section or not.  They actually only had one option for dessert, and I wish that I would've known that prior to walking in, as the black forest cake looked delicious, but was a bit dry in my opinion (had to eat it later on since I was so stuffed).  I was lucky enough to find a parking spot when I did, since it is in a plaza that shares parking with a lot of other restaurants and shops.I like this place and hope to return at another time since I did like the food, atmosphere, and service. I also noticed that they had a stage setup, so I may return for some live music or open mic?  When I checked in on Yelp, they had a deal for a free garlic/herb pita with any entree, but I couldn't combine the offer with the Groupon, so I'll be returning sometime to take advantage of this too.
1	Even if the food is made by Iron Chef i would never come back here. Only 2 tables and it took them 1 hour to serve the food.Waste of money. And after all the wait the food was not made correctly. I can make a better burger at home.Don't waste your time going.
5	The food here is delicious, I mean absolutely delicious for a casual dining restaurant, and all organic. One of maybe 2 restaurants in the whole of greater Las Vegas, that actually serves organic food. So for those of you, who care about the quality of food you put in your body, this restaurant is for you. Sure, the food takes a little longer. That's because everything you order is prepared fresh, with integrity. If you do not like to wait, then call your order in and they will have it ready for you, when you arrive, whether you dine-in or take it to-go. My husband and I have dined there about five times now, and we have always been pleasantly surprised, at the freshness of the food and the consistent quality. We are definitely fans, and we recommend this restaurant for all those health conscious dinners out there, where you can get great tasty healthy organic food.
5	Good food for vegetarian eater or Organic eater.  I have eaten there 6 times. Every time was good.  High quality casual food and good service.  I have not been there when it was busy.  I see other commentators complaining about the speed of service.  The food is made per custom order and specialized.  Our food came out soon enough put it is not fast food.  When I take my kid to some competitors I get complaints.  Here enough of the offering is main stream enough to appeal to a teenager exposed to all the crap that others offer.  We plan to be back often.
5	I had a Groupon for this place and decided to try it out. It was empty when we came in and the service was not slow like others have said. The waitress was very friendly and helpful with the menu. I ordered a vegetarian chicken wrap, orange and carrot juice, and then a piece of carrot cake. All of it was absolutely amazing! Everything was super fresh. Its been awhile since I went, but I still think about that carrot cake to this day.
4	I stopped here after I got my hair done next door.  All I got was green juice and it was delicious.  For some reason it's really hard to get fresh, raw juices.  Thank god I found Elixer.  They have a variety of mixes and you are welcome to create your own.  The prices are decent comparatively.  Sadly raw juice is expensive, if you own a juicer you know why!  Looked over the menu items, and they didn't seem bad.  They seem to cater to a variety of diets.  Gluten Free option too!  The place looked almost empty and had a weird layout.Don't think it has a great vibe to dine in, but I would for sure do take out.  I also will be back for more juice!
1	slooooowwww awfully slooooow to the point of behind hysterical laughter, like we were laughing at first, then it became downright retarded.We ordered smoothies, after about 40 mins we cancelled our smoothie order, and just ordered some waters...the smoothies never showed up.  We sat without a drink for 40 mins prior to that, not even a water, or being asked if we'd like something else to drink. no attempt at all and probably no notice at all that we had nothing to drink.There was 7 of us, they messed up all of our orders, AND we were supposed to get chips with our sandwiches.  After an hour & a half of being there we *finally*  got our food. No chips. After inquiring about the chips, the waiter did agree we were supposed to have chips on the side somehow he had missed this when he was bringing us the food. Then  we were told they were totally  out of chips.  Instead we got 7 grapes in a cup. No attempt to ask us what we'd like instead, fries, salad something.  It was awful.Unfortunately this place has good food. It's poorly managed and the waitstaff is horrible.  I'll never go back. I'd suggest unless you have 2 spare hours you skip it as well. They also have no music on or TV on in this place at all. IT was so quiet you could hear a pin drop.
2	Went here with our groupon and was very excited bc they have gluten free options. There was no hostess and 2 waitresses who just looked at us. So we kept standing there with two little kids until we finally decided to seat ourselves. Our waters never came. Once the food came, she never came back to the table. They were out of the GF vegan desert. and apparently we accidently ordered outside of the "groupon" menu and were charged for it. I asked her why she didn't mention this to me when I was ordering and she just kinda mumbled.  Took forever to get our bill. No one said goodbye to us. It was awkward, too bad bc the food was ok.
2	They obviously have good intentions here but there is just too much to complain about. Firstly, the interior decor is extremely drab and depressing.  Yeah, that's just my opinion, but I can't be the only one. Also, on a 75 degree day in Vegas, the temperature inside was way too hot. Even my wife who is never warm noticed it. The tables are too small, and the couches are creepy looking. We ordered smoothies and I swear they must have grown the fruit trees from scratch in order to make them, they took FOREVER to come out. They were good, though. We ordered the "hummus delight" appetizer and even though the hummus was good, there wasn't enough of it to adequately eat it with the sides. My wife ordered the Greek salad and there was no feta cheese. What?!?!  That was a first and it made the salad so-so at best. I got the spicy beef panini and it was really good, but it looked as though they had some trouble with the panini press because it was a bit burnt and had pieces of other sandwiches on the bread.  So, overall, the food was good but it took so looooong to get it out that it really marred the experience. Add that to the depressing decor and the high prices and I won't be back.
4	I was very hesitant to eat here because the reviews were so-so.   I was very pleasantly surprised at the excellent service and the quality of the food.  We had spring rolls, hot vegetarian sandwich and cole veggie chicken sandwiches - all of which were excellent.My only criticism is that $2.99 plus $1 for refills is way too expensive for a small glass of regular iced tea.   I will definitely return to the restaurant, but will probably skip the drink.
1	If there could be a no star rating, or a negative stars, I would give it to this establishment. My friend and I wanted to try this place since we had a groupon. We decided to stop by after our pilates class. We didn't realize they were about to close, but I know we didn't deserve hearing the cook in the back become upset and curse because he thought we were going to stay and eat. So my friend and I ended up leaving without ordering anything because we felt rushed, and we already had one employee (cook in the back with tattoos on his neck) basically feel unwelcome. Groupon or no Groupon, forget it, I will not be going there ever!
5	I was really impressed with the wrap I got! My hairdresser ordered for me to pick up when I left her! She did say to order ahead cause they are very slow! When I went to pick it up, I actually liked the atmosphere and decided to eat in! That wrap was the best I ever had!  Vegan, vegetable! Told my personal trainer about it and she said never again! Like a couple other posts she said the service is awful and very slow! I really hope this place makes it and reads these posts to keep in business! I was also surprised there was no one there at lunch time? PLEASE ELIXIR, post are all similar so they should pay attention! Slow and bad service? I cannot wait to go back, so well see!
4	Having read the previous reviews, my husband and I were a little concerned but we shouldn't have been. The service was good, my only complaint was that we had to ask for napkins. Easily solved!  I don't know why others are complaining about the decor, I personally loved the couches. Yes, the tables are small, and we could have been dining with the couple next to us since they were so close together. But, again, I didn't go there for the decor. I loved the food. I had the lemongrass vegan chicken wrap and it was wonderful! The sauce was good, and anyplace that serves vegan/vegetarian food as well as gluten free options are a winner in my book. The green tea with coconut was very refreshing. I ended up taking half of my wrap home, with my Vegan Carrot Cake and they will be my lunch today. Please give this place a try. Next time, I am going to try one of there smoothies with the green vegetables. I don't however think I am brave enough to try the Avocado Smoothie yet. But who knows!
2	As Misti, our Las Vegas CM, mentioned you could come here and chill and read a book and have some food or a beverage.However,... The atmosphere is less than desirable. Yes, there are couches. Yes there's some tables. But the place needs more color and sound. I asked the manager to put on some music in the future. They had a movie playing on the TV when I arrived. Totally not a movie I would associate with Elixir, mindful eating or general well-being. Like,... put on a surfing movie at least. Not National Lampoon's European Vacation!The space reminds me of a cafe that used to be in the Lower Haight in San Francisco called, "Common Ground." The coffee was good. The music (which ranged from Reggae to Indy-rock) was decent and there were some good food choices. This place needs to embrace their cafe/ lounge attitude and play some darn music!The Caesar salad was fair. The blue cheese burger was overcooked like... well, well done, and I wasn't asked a temperature by the server. The server didn't bring enough setups and I was given the reasoning that the table was small so they try to conserve. Um... utensils are utensils. I need them to eat.Some things should just be a given when it comes to service.I think she saw two entrees ordered and brought just two setups because of it. But.... there were 3 of us. And yes, I had to ask for an extra plate. Good service should predict a customers needs. This place needs some serious training.Back to the food... as someone else said, they have good intentions. I liked the choices of bread, meats and veggie options for their burgers. Presentation of the food needs some work. Right now, I might as well be at the Waffle House and not a healthy choice restaurant.With competition like Greens and Protein and the Raw Cafe, this place is going to need to pull it together with their atmosphere, service and food in order to stay in the game.
2	I would give this restaurant 1 star, but the food itself was not too bad, so I am giving it 2 stars.  We found this restaurant via Groupon, so we decided to give it a try.  I will say this:  the food options are great for anyone who is trying to eat healthfully.  That is the only positive I can mention.  The service is some of the worst I've ever encountered.  We waited 7 minutes or so just to be acknowledged at the front door, and I finally flagged down a girl w/ dreadlocks & kneesocks, who rudely said "I'm not your server, but I'll find you a table".  Wow - Thank you so much for doing your job!  After being sat, we waited and waited....and waited until finally flagging down our server.  she was the only server working, but the restaurant was not even busy - she had maybe 3 or 4 other tables but seemed completely overwhelmed.  We placed our entire order (since we were only there during our lunch hour) - and also because we weren't sure when we'd see her again.  The hummus arrived, and I will admit: it was delicious.  HOWEVER, the portion size was absurd - It was barely more than 2 tablespoons of hummus on the plate.  Give me a break!  We got the lemongrass chicken wrap, which I would definitely go back for (for takeout only) - and we also ordered the italian sandwich, which was just OK.  The ambience in Elixir is awful - It's a nice-sized space with potential, but is decorated in a way that makes it look tacky, cold and unwelcoming. Ick.I would never eat in this 'restaurant' again, but would consider getting takeout, because the food itself was pretty good.  The service, on the other hand, is embarassing and I would be shocked if they were still open this time next year.
4	I went to Elixir cafe after seeing they had a groupon deal. I really enjoyed eating here! I was a bit hesitant at first because the other reveiws were not all that great, but I think this cafe is so adorable. Remember, your not going to a Outback or Chilis kind of place,there isnt booths and the seating tables are arranged as a cafe setting, I think some people forgot that when they reviewed. When you walk in you wait to be seated (it didn't seem to be very busy and the waitress was multitasking, but it didnt take more than a couple short minutes for her to seat us) She was very nice and helped us make selections from the menu. There are tons of great choices. We ended up with an app of Feta and green spread pita bread and for entree the hawaiian pizza and he got an italian toasted sandwhich. SO GOOD! and you can seriously taste the freshness. The only reason this doesn't have 5 stars is because I didn't really like the seating, the chairs arn't very comfortable, Next time I'll be sitting on their lounge couches! Overall 4*'s, disapointed that I didn't find it until now!
4	Came here on the Groupon and for the promo value of $24, here are the items we ordered:-Berry Blaster Smoothie (non-fat yogurt based):  This was quite healthy.  Again, seems like no sugar was added, but that's all good.  Healthier this way.-Basil lemonade:  Tasted very pure, like no sugar added.-Lemongrass Burger (turkey):  Oh my Gawd, this was super tasty.  If I knew it was this good, I would have ordered a burger for myself vs halfing it with my bf.  I could devour a whole one by myself easily.  It's not a typical burger.   The veggies on there were cucumber, daikon, carrot, and lettuce.  The sauce was unique and flavorful.  The turkey was not a patty that I was expecting.  Instead, it was a nice thick slice of turkey that seems to be carved from a whole turkey.  Muy Bueno.-Black Forest Cake:  This was super delicious as well.  Very moist and airy.. Aahhh...I felt guilty for eating it because it was so delicious.Food was awesome.Service was awesome.Price could be better.Gosh, eating healthy is expensive. :(  But I will cough up $10 for that burger and $5 for the slice of cake once in a while.My mouth is watering just thinking about those 2 items.
5	We came here with a groupon. We had smoothies and paninis for a late lunch. I had the lemongrass and sesame paninis with beef. It was great!! The menu has many options and the prices are reasonable. 4 stars for food and drinks and 1 star for the groupon discount.
1	I made a yelp account just so I can give this place a one star. I had a groupon so I came here with my sister. We first waited at the front door for a minute while they were talking in the backroom. I even said/yelled a hello nd I had to finally go to the bar area and then when this asain waitress saw me she came out. After being seated we got some menus, nd as it was my second time giving this place a chance AGAIN they did not have half the menu. the drinkS ( plural )  nope. Asked for less ice and the reply was you will get it in a smaller glass then, the burger i wanted nope, oh even the chips and salsa that are suppose to come with the food they didnt have. Apparently they were serving fruit with a BURGER today. Hmmm one strawberry nd pickle literally half the size of my pinky. Nice excuse of being out of that also, not substituted with fries which is an extra cost with the burger but one strawberry, are you not suppose to put the customer first. Then my sisters food came with a hair in it nd we told our server nd of course the server compares the hair size to my sisters. Are u kidding me. After the food we presented the groupon to the asain waitress who looks at my sister like we stole the phone nd asks for id. I would give it no stars if I had an option. That lady is straight out rude, i think she owned the place because she was on her phone and laptop the whole time  in a corner, no service what so ever. NEVER AGAIN WILL I COME TO THIS PLACE. I WOULD RECOMMEND AGAINST IT IN EVERY WAY. The food ( Cajun Burger ) had no flavor to it at all. There was bland meat and one portion somewhat in the middle that tasted somewhat cajun but thats it...
5	Love it! We used a group on 1st time, can't wait to go back.
1	This place is absolutely terrible.My mom is a bit of a health-nut and took Dana and I for lunch here one day and it was UNBELIEVABLE how bad this place fails on all levels. We walked in and the place was relatively empty, save for one table of two women sitting in the back of the restaurant. The waitress sat us down and left to get us menus...and five minutes rolled by. She asked us what we wanted to drink, left the table and another ten minutes rolled by while we waited for those. She came back and we placed our order...thirty minutes later the waitress returned with our food.I understand that fresh food sometimes takes a long time to prepare, but this was outrageous because all we ordered was three burgers. If I remember correctly, Mom had a Vegan burger, while Dana and I had a good old-fashioned beef burger. I'll go on the record right now as saying that this was one of the worst burgers I had ever had. I ordered a "Cajun Spicy Burger," but there was nothing spicy, nor flavorful about it. The menu stated that the burgers come up with blue corn chips and mango salsa, which they did....five blue corn chips and a dixie cup-size Mango Salsa, which was also not especially tasty. At $9.99, these burgers were overpriced...especially because they didn't even come closing to filling any of us up.Long after we had already finished eating, the waitress came and took our plates, and after another wait, we received the check. Leaving this place was a DREAM.I can only speculate that our bad service was the Elixir Cafe's way of punishing us for not ordering all veggie burgers or taking any shots of wheat grass. If I want a burger, I'll take my business to Bachi Burger, Sliding Thru......even McDonald's  before I come to this joint again.
4	I've been to Elixir twice. The first time I got an iced herbal tea drink, and the second time I ordered the grilled tofu salad with ginger dressing and a coffee with soy milk. The salad was absolutely delicious, as was the coffee. Elixir even has Stevia and Truvia, which made me a lot happier than it probably should have. ;)My boyfriend ordered the guacamole burger with a Portobello patty, and he was also very happy with his meal.The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable about vegan and vegetarian foods.When we went to Elixir most recently, we arrived at 11 but it took a few minutes for them to open for business. Not a big deal, but it did worry us that maybe they weren't going to open at all that day.
2	We went here on a groupon deal. First, they are out of lots of things on the menu. We tried to order 6 different things total that they were out of. The hummus was ok, I can make better at home. The pita bread was delicious! We both ordered a grass fed beef burger, it tasted preformed and frozen with absolutely no flavor. The baked fries were seasoned nicely and pretty tasty though they were soggy, the blue corn chips were pretty bad. We were the only 2 people in the place on a Sunday afternoon, and the service was extremely slow and not very helpful. We wouldn't go back.
5	Enjoyed a healthy and delicious lunch from a very diverse menue.  Delightful attention and atmosphere...Highly recommend the alternative experience.  I'll definitely return....
5	I met a friend there on a Sunday afternoon for lunch.  The atmosphere was wonderful.   We both had green drinks and the portobello salad.  We couldn't have asked for more - friendly service, water with lemon, a clean beautiful restaurant with a lovely, tranquil atmosphere.  I'll definitely be back.If I had any criticism at all, it's that I found the menu layout confusing.  I was looking for vegan options.  The portobello salad was on its own page with all of the other porotbello meals.  Next time I'll ask the server for more help with the menu.  It's definitely not a reason for a lower rating.
4	The food took a little while to come out, but they had warned us about this from the beginning.  I'm not a fan of the fact that they close at 8pm, which is kind of early in my opinion.  The food however totally won me over.  I had a philly cheesesteak with fake chicken.  Very tasty and i am actually getting a craving for it now, which to me is a true sign of a great meal.  I would say worth checking out especially for all you vegetarians out there looking for more tasty opinions for protein!
4	Really like their selection of teas, smoothies, and other organic drinks! Veggie burgers are good too, service is very very slow!
3	Came here with the Yelp deal of $17 for $25 worth. I must say, I am quite impressed with the food that they serve here. But every other surrounding aspect of the cafe needs some sort of improvement if not more. First off, the graphical design/theme of the restaurant needs MAJOR change. If I didn't read this about yelp and walked by the store, I would've thought that this joint is some acupuncture office. The Website also needs major reconstruction as well. The service wasn't bad but the waitress seemed a bit awkward. Not to say it hinders her performance as a waitress, but she can use a little more personality. The atmosphere also didn't really remind me of a cafe or even a restaurant. To me, it looked more like a furniture store. And it was dead silent in there. No music and a TV that wasn't even on. The waitress also seemed to be fulfilling duties that aren't really resembled of a waitress. She was spending way too much time cleaning the place.I got the Guacamole burger with whole wheat + grass fed beef.. It was juicy and cooked on point. Could have used more guacamole since it is a "guacamole burger." But in all, the taste was delicious. On the other hand, my girlfriend got the Santa Fe burger with whole wheat bread and grass fed beef in which was practically the exact same as the Guacamole burger... I have no idea why. Nevertheless, it was very tasty. On the sides, I got blue corn chips. Not enough to fulfill the side that I want but still somewhat good. On the other hand, my girlfriend got baked fries which is an additional $1.50. I recommend getting baked fries over any other side just because I'm a potato type of guy but it really complements a burger well.Later on, the cook came out and greeted us to check up and see how we liked the food. I felt very welcomed and he definitely makes me wanna come back on numerous occasions. On a real note though, this restaurant needs major reconstruction other than its foods because they seem to be struggling just a little. And to make matters a bit more difficult, they are competing with another restaurant with the same focus of organic foods in Green & Proteins, which is about a quarter mile north from Elixir. Nevertheless, they can see me coming back.
2	Very slow!!!My boyfriend and I have been twice.  Each time was almost the same experience.  We walked into an empty place. It was almost like twilight zone. Seemed like the staff was irritated to even be there. Not very welcoming. The food was great! That's why we went back the second time.  I loved the veggie wrap and my boyfriend enjoyed the vegan Philly cheesesteak.  The sides that came with were skimpy!! I got 4 grapes, a tiny pickle, and a pepper.  My boyfriend had 5 chips and a tiny salsa in a 2oz cup. Maybe they have to ration between all 4 patrons that were there? Ha!  We shared the vegetarian spring rolls which we thought were fantastic!Bad: slow, slow, slow, priceyGood: food tastes greatWe may not go again, finding an extra 90 min to grab a quick bite will be difficult.
1	I bought a groupon for elixir back in April. I usually always yelp before I groupon but of course this time I didn't. Lesson learned! When I finally did my research & saw all the negative reviews, I chalked it up to them being a newer business & figured I would wait a while for them to work out the kinks out before giving them a shot. Silly me, thinking that this business owner might pay attention to yelp & surely the types of issues people were talking about would be dealt with. Well, fast forward 4 months to this past Thursday when the hubby & I finally got a chance to give this place a try. We walked in a little after 5pm to a completely empty restaurant. I tried to push aside any lingering doubts & keep an optimistic attitude. The sign said please wait to be seated but the lady behind the juice bar didn't so much as glance our way or acknowledge that we had even walked in. We started walking towards a table while asking if it would be ok to sit down. I think she grunted or something but definitely did not give a clear answer. We sat down & waited for her to bring over a menu, say hi, smile, something!! Nothing. She continued to clean or do whatever it was she was doing behind the counter & then finally brought over some menus after close to 5 minutes. Sorry to put you out! She took our drink orders, water with lemon for me & a sugar cane soda for hubby which she said they were out of b/c Whole Foods was out of it. Um, ok. He asked for just water with lemon too. We also ordered the Vietnamese spring rolls as a starter. I noticed that it came with a choice of dipping sauces but she never asked which one we wanted & hurried away before we could tell her. She came back with the 2 waters, no lemon. I asked for some lemon again & she came back with a tiny wedge of lemon in a filthy little bowl (pic attached) which I unfortunately didn't notice until after I had squeezed the lemon into my water :/ Then I realized we had no place settings therefore no napkins to wipe my lemon-juice covered hands on. I got her attention & asked for some napkins which she brought over, but again like I was putting her out.A couple minutes later, she came back to take our dinner order. I asked if I could have my chicken sandwich on a multi-grain bun to which she replied "that's what it comes on" The menu has several different bun options listed, so I'm not sure why that is the default bun for that sandwich. I guess if I had wanted another type of bun, they would have been out of it. Another 10 minutes or so & she brought out the spring rolls with a sweet chili sauce. Still no silverware so I guess it was good it was finger-food. We asked if we could get some of the peanut sauce instead & she informed us that they don't have peanut sauce. I mentioned that I had noticed it on the menu & she said "oh yeah, the manager is really bad about updating the menu" Way to call out your manager! O.OWe finally got our dinners after another 20 minutes or so. Cobb salad wrap for hubby, Mediterranean grilled chicken sandwich for me. Hubby's came with 4 grapes, a tiny pickle & a pepperoncini pepper. Mine came with some mango salsa &, no joke-I counted, 7 blue corn tortilla chips. The food itself was pretty good, albeit a little pricey for what you get. I'm glad we had the groupon! I wouldn't mind going back to try other things on the menu but you could not pay me to go back there & sit through another dinner that was as awkward, uncomfortable & slow as that was. I usually don't discount a place on service alone & always understand that people can have bad days. Yes, even a waiter/waitress!  But when I see yelp review after yelp review stating pretty much the same thing, I get a little ticked off. If some business owners took the time to read through reviews & fix the problems that are glaringly staring back at them, more businesses would succeed!
4	Food was tasty, we were the only table in there... Waitress was friendly. My friend had a fresh made juice and it was good. Would go back!
1	So far I have had two poor experiences here and I still have yet to eat here. The first one was with Lisa L when we came in shortly before closing and were given nothing but expletives from the cook who then decided to make a lot of noise closing the kitchen. The cashier said "sorry" in the least apologetic tone and didn't seem to know what to do or care. Needless to say, we left pretty upset. I came by again on Wednesday at 11:45 to find the place closed. The sign says closed on Mondays. There were employees inside ignoring us. The only thing I can think of for why it was closed was the rain but that doesn't make much sense since every other establishment in the center was open. I have yet to use my Groupon which expires next week and after the last few questionable and annoying experiences, the only reason I'm going to bother is the fact that Groupon probably won't refund me at this point.
3	First glance of the place and it's not somewhere I feel comfortable hangin' out. The seating isn't very comfy & it needs some decor assistance.  Despite that small hurdle, the food is GREAT!Everything we ordered was very good!! The juices were done right and not mostly with fruits. (As a juicer, you need to use mostly green veggies rather than mostly fruit) or you can put in your own requests of ingredients. It all added up quickly and our bill was $35 for 3 people AFTER the yelp coupon I bought which was buy $17 get $25 -  so the bill would have been $55.There was only one server there, I felt bad, there were several tables and the phone was ringing. She was running around all over the place.  There were several things I asked about on the menu because they sounded great & they were either out of them or not serving anymore - get your menu up to date, it's not very professional for the waitress to keep telling us they don't have that or this anymore.All is all, I would go back!  I was happy, the food was very good.   But I will take it to go for future, the ambiance of the restaurant was no bueno!
1	This place is awful!  I had a groupon that was going to expire today, so I decided to swing by on my way home to pick up something for lunch.  I'd been really wanting to try it because of the vegan options (I had not checked yelp reviews- lesson learned), but I was very short on time, so I wanted to get my food to go. Having never been there before, I needed a minute with the menu. The girl behind the counter was less than friendly and never stopped to actually listen to my order.  I literally had to follow her and she never really acknowledged what I said except to tell me that the kitchen was really busy and it was going to take about 30 minutes to get the humus plate and veggie wrap I ordered. Busy?  There were two tables occupied in the entire place!? But okay, whatever.  I was already there, starving, and gone through the ridiculous chore of placing an order.  Then, when I showed her my groupon, she said that it was, " dine in only." the best part is her explanation that it was due to the extra cost of take-out packaging.  Unless they're wrapping in cashmere, I really don't see how a 10 cent piece of plastic could possibly cost more than serving food on a plate you then have to pay someone to wash.  So, I said fine, bring it on a plate, but I'll just have to ask for you to box it up because I had a repair man coming that I needed to be home to let inside.  Her response?  "my manager is right there and she's pretty strict about it.  And she'd catch on to what you were doing.". Excuse me??  And what exactly would she do about it?  I just left and will never go back. There are plenty of other great restaurants with fantastic vegan food in this city.  I have no desire to waste my time or to in any way contribute to the existence of such an insulting and rude establishment.
3	Purchased a groupon to use with my vegan friend, I am not vegan or vegetarian, but I am open to trying whatever, so I knew I could get her out for lunch here. Both her and her husband are vegan and they both really enjoyed their food, she said her caeser salad was the best she's had. I ordered the Thai style chicken pizza (grilled chicken, red onion, carrots, mozzarella cheese, peanut sauce and crushed peanuts) $10.99. Kinda steep in my opinion for a personal pizza. Overall, I don't see myself returning, but I can see the appeal for the vegans/vegetarians out there.
3	Went here for the first time a couple weeks ago, and was surprised to see how big this place was.  For some reason, I expected to open the door and find a small cafe with few tables all of which were going to be filled with people. I found the exact opposite. This place is pretty big, and sadly empty. This place has a pretty big menu. I ended up getting the asian beef sandwich... I forgot what it was called exactly, haha. It was pretty good, but a small portion for the price. I also ordered one of her fresh juices, and man was it good ! The service was good at first, but kind of became over bearing. Since my friends and I were the only ones there, they were checking up on us way too often. I mean, I appreciate the sentiment, but there's a difference between good customer service, and being too attentive. Would I go back here? Probably not. I don't live near it, and the price and ambience just weren't good enough to capture my attention.
3	The food at Elixir is full of flavor and tastes great! The problems are that it takes forever to get the food and smoothies. Also we asked for a side of mustard and there was a fee.....for mustard? It was a dollar so it didn't break the bank but paying for mustard was a new experience for me. My husband and I aren't vegan or vegetarian but we are trying to eat healthier and this is a decent start for us. If you have time to spare and don't care about the old mismatch couches or very small tables this stop it....the flavor  makes it worth it for us and we live nearby.
1	This was the most interesting restaurant I have been in. Place sucks. The food was like it was made in a microwave by a 8 year old. Super expensive for some really bland, boring food. Just because its vegan/vege does not mean it has to be terrible.The decor is 100% salvation army, pieced together from a thrift store!I used my groupon, paid an additional $20 and went to baja fresh after.And it took an hour
2	Super weird atmosphere. Waiter & cook were sitting @ the couch when we walked into the empty restaurant. Just me, hubby, and our baby who was in carseat. He sat us @ a tiny table for 2. Fine, but we had to put our baby on floor. Also fine, but after the whole experience every little detail sticks out unfortunately. Ordered a "New Mom" smoothie & hub ordered a black coffee. He brought the coffee in a water glass & mentioned it was to hot to touch but didn't offer a napkin or perhaps a togo cup...better yet a coffee mug? Oh Well we laughed it off. He took our order's me the Spicy Chicken Wrap & for him a Black Pepper Turkey Burger. He informed us that his barista is out & when she gets back she'll make my smoothie. I tell him no prob, I work in a restaurant so I'm letting this all pass. Approx 10 mins later a cute hippie chick comes and immediately makes my smoothie which was DELICIOUS! Food came shortly after...that too was excellent. Small portions but very tasty. Downside?? No napkins or forks etc. We had finger food but we would've used a napkin. THEN while watching the waiter an barista frolick behind the counter (unprofessional but we were amused) a roach crawled up our table. I was done then. Had to interrupt the frolicking to get our check & get the f@*% out.
3	My friend & I were hesitant to try this place and put it off for months because we were afraid they wouldn't have enough meat offerings (since it seems to be marketed as a vegan/vegetarian-friendly place than just an organic eatery). I'm glad we were wrong about that! Turns out nearly the whole menu (minus deserts) was carnivore-friendly, and there also existed a veggie or vegan option of most every item. They have an awesome smoothie selection & some great flavored herbal teas (the "elixirs"). I ordered the lemongrass & sesame panini and my lunch mate got the lemongrass beef burger. Both were tasty (though my panini didn't have the pickled daikon/carrot mix I expect as part of that flavor palette) and came with some blue corn chips--dusted with some kind of slightly spicy and delicious powder--and a small cup of salsa (nowhere near the best salsa I've ever had, and frankly tasted like it was poured from a jar of Pace, but at least the chips were good). Our waiter, JB, was a whirlwind of energy & hilarity and was one of my favorite parts of the whole place. They had karaoke videos showing during lunchtime on a Saturday, and we were encouraged to grab the mic & go for it if we wanted (we passed since there's no booze served there & that's usually the necessary precursor). There's some really nice artwork on a couple of the walls, though I wish they'd extend it over to all the walls since the others looked a little sterile or austere. Still, though, it's a nice-looking little place, and the black leather couches along one wall are awesome to kick back on....keep in mind that I just found this draft of a review from well over a year ago. I've been back a couple times since, and service has been slow every time (JB was nowhere to be seen), and sometimes you get the distinct feeling they believe they have better things to do than serve you, but that's definitely not all the time, just when certain people are manning the fort. The owner is nice, when she's there. There never seem to be very many patrons in Elixir, which kind of makes me wonder how they're able to stay afloat, but maybe they do more business during the karaoke night(s).
1	I'm baffled how this place is still in business. My first time I came here with a groupon, the entire place was empty except for my friend & I. We ordered a couple things, all were decent, nothing mind blowing, so when the groupon came up again, I was reluctant to get it, but since my friend is vegan, this was a close lunch spot for us. This time around however, things are different. Again, the place is empty. The ambiance/atmosphere is really strange, a large room with old lady furniture & couches, and outdoor patio furniture for their tables. I ordered the hummus platter, the cucumbers were soggy & watery in the middle, the celery was old looking as well, they were hard at the ends. The hummus wasn't that great, I didn't know it was flavored (I prefer plain old hummus) the only thing good was the pita bread. I ordered the turkey burger, I was expecting ground turkey, but what came out was an actual piece of turkey that had been on a panini machine, it was dry, gross and inedible. I still had some money left to the groupon so since I didn't eat my burger I ordered a mango lassi (which tasted like crap, NOTHING like a mango lassi, like ice and greek yogurt) she then informed me that the groupon was for dine in only and I wouldn't be able to take the smoothie I would have to drink it here. Are you kidding me? Uh okay. I watched several people come in after me, and what a long time to be served. I don't foresee this place lasting. I know I won't be returning.
3	Good service. Good tasting food. Not a bad place, just OK. Lots of choices for juices and smoothies.
4	Choose-your-own 5 ingredient juice, $6.95 for 16 oz., delicious. Thai-style peanut 'veggie chicken' pizza could've only been better if the onions were cooked and some sort of asian chile sauce were available (Siracha?)So happy for so many vegan and vegetarian options.  It took a while to decide.  Service was great and friendly. Definitely recommend for those of us who enjoy healthier eating.
1	This restaurant is NOW closed. OUT-of-Business. R.I.P.
4	I love their organic burgers! It is extremely pricey, but the flavor is there. Typical hamburger with excellent succulent juices flowing through each gram of fat in the hamburger meat! :-)
