5	First off, let's clear the air. Don't judge this El Bravo by the El Bravo at the airport. Though I'm pretty sure they are related, they aren't working with the same facilities down there at Sky Harbor. For the real thing, head north on 7th street past Northern and keep your eyes peeled; it'll sneak up on you. It was expanded in the past year or so but I love how intimate and beautifully tacky this place is. You walk in to Magic Eye posters lining both sides of the restaurant, along with an oversized mural of mustachioed mariachis. As you can probably already tell, this place is not to be missed. I am loyal to the flauta combo meal, for one main reason: guacamole.  No frills, no BS; just guac for guac's sake. Heavy on the avocados and lime juice, and perfectly salted. I love avocado and tend to get frustrated when there are too many detractors that take attention away from them. This guacamole uses the perfect mix to highlight the avocados and accentuate them just enough. Bottomless sodas are necessary with the outrageously amazing sodium intake, and they have great soda there. Just the mix is right, I guess. I love El Bravo.
3	We had high expectations after reading the 4/5 star reviews for El Bravo, but our dinner tonight turned out to be only average.We ordered the chips and salsa ($1) based on Calamari's recommendation which was wise as the food did take a while.  In fact, almost 20 min for one beef enchilada with rice and beans ($6.35) and one chicken green corn tamale with green chile sauce ($3.75).  The masa of the green corn tamale was tasty but the chicken filling was on the dry side, so we were definitely grateful for the spicey green sauce.  The enchilada was drowning in a red sauce and yellow cheese - I could not taste the shredded beef at all.Service was actually quite decent.  The waiter took our order promptly, inquired about our food and got us the check promptly.If I happen to be in the area again, I think I'd choose to eat at Pepe El Toro Mexican Food just 1 block North instead.  Although there's only counter seating and no ambience, the food is totally authentic and kick-ass tasty.
4	I've read a lot of reviews about the decor not being much to look at. I found the restaurant comfortable. If they just dimmed the lights a little it might be downright cute. Jake: Much to my disappointment, I saw no magic eyes. But the mural was hilarious!The service was excellent when we went! We had a party of 6, with diverse tastes. The waiter sized up each person and knew just how to make suggestions and offer helpful advise on menu selections. He was quick with a refill, but not obnoxiously so. He definitely got this place the four stars!The food was pretty good. I wasn't expecting much when I saw Chimichangas on the menu, but the green corn tamales were to die for. I also had an enchilada, but I would probably stick with the tamales when I go back, which should be soon!
4	I have been going to El Bravo for more than 20 years.  It isn't fancy but the food is excellent and the people are friendly.My husband and I have gotten to know the waiters and they even know what we will order.  We are predictable though.  I ABSOLUTELY LOVE their Navajo Taco.  It's like a large fry bread with ground beef, lots of lettuce, tomatoes and cheese on top.  I usually eat half and take the rest home for another time.  My husband orders #9 which is an enchilada with an egg on top.  He loves it.  If you just want some good Mexican food but don't care about the ambiance, this is your place.
3	After hearing rants and raves from the people at work I deiced to finally give this place shot. Okay, right off the bat, ding, 1 star! Who the hell pays for chips and salsa?!  For some thats a reason to boycott a place! Maybe its the homeless problem or the neighborhood around there, its still pretty lame!Order a cheese crisp.. I have to say, one of the best Ive had.. super crunch, held the paid for salsa very well.. not to oily.. I could have had just this for lunch! For my entree I ordered a green corn tamale and a green chile burro with rice and beans. The green corn tamale was awesome! Super moist, cheesy and very flavorful. The rice and beans were decent enough.. the green chile burro was good but not great.. it had a strong black pepper flavor which I'm not a fan of but the meat was nice and tender. The tortilla was wonderful though.. soft and chewy and slightly charred. I think they actually make those there as I saw some other guests leaving with ziploc bags of them. The chunky salsa was very fresh as all the food prepared for us seemed to be. However the red sauce in the bottle tasted fermented and much like beer. When we asked if she put beer in it she said no and said that it might be going bad. She tasted it at the table (which I loved) on her finger, shrugged and walked off.. must have been alright. Still didn't taste quite right to me. El Bravo is decent Mexican food, close to work, cheap and comfortable. Though with so many other places in the neighborhood, Via Delosantos and Los Reyes de la Torta I don't see the need to go here to often except when I'm in the mood for a good tamale!
5	The absolute best!!  I love this place and have been coming here for something like 15 years, even when I lived in other states (like MA, and WA and CA).
4	When I was in town and wanted to treat a friend to a Mexican dinner (a cheap dinner as I'm not currently flush with cash), my mom suggested El Bravo.  She knows me well - I like clean tasty Mexican dives and this was perfect. Note that when I say dive, I still want to eat on a real plate and sit at a booth with a modicum of cushioning. When you walk into El Bravo, don't be fooled by the window you see and the line of people standing there. (I was - until a nice woman standing in line told me there's table service.) Those people like the place so much they're picking up tortillas and meals to go. The food was tasty and cheap. A winning combination in my book! The chips were thin and crispy with just the right amount of salt.  The salsa was chunky and fresh-tasting.  They're definitely not opening up jars of Pace in the back.  We both ordered the chili relleno dinners.  My friend loved the rice.  I thought it was fine but he really liked it.  So you might really like it too.  The beans were creamy with the requisite melted cheese on top.  I like my chili rellenos a bit plumper with more egg coating but the benefit of the size of these rellenos is you could finish your whole meal and not feel like a total pig.  When you pay, you look directly into the kitchen and they run a clean, tight ship there.  All in all, a great place to grab two dinners with chips/salsa and one soda for $25 and change.  ($21 something for dinner plus $4 tip)
4	So I wouldn't go there on a romantic date, but you will find me there for lunch a couple of times a month.  The chips and salsa are good, but what I really go there for is their Fry Bread.  I've eaten at the competition and it's good, but El Bravo does a fantastic job of satisfying my need for overindulgence.  I get the Navajo Taco, and there is enough meat, beans, cheese and veggies to make two meals.  You've gotta try it :)I've never had to wait for a table and the food always comes fast enough to make it back to the office before my lunch break is over.
5	The food is fantastic, the staff is helpful and the atmosphere is comfortable. The food at El Bravo just tastes better than the food at any other Mexican restaurant I have been to in Phoenix, regardless of price. The cheese is amazing! I love their flour tortilla flautas , crispy beef tacos, cheese crisps, enchiladas (I could go on and on). I really can see no reason to go anywhere else in Phoenix for Mexican food. I highly recommend El Bravo.
3	Do not go there if you're looking for "fancy".  It is however, authentic.  Y ou'll see the short Mexican" ladies cookiing in the back.  They have fresh made tortillas you can buy to go...which I always do.  Really enjoyed their shredded beef tacos and enchiladas.  If I'm in the area, I make it a point to stop by...even if it's just to buy a dozen of their homemade tortillas.
4	OMG, their cheese and onion enchiladas are superb!!  You pay a buck for chips and salsa, but that's worth it to me.  There are so many mexican places that serve weird hot sauce with their chips instead of real salsa, and this place had great salsa, so I'll pay the buck!  Sometimes the service is a little slow, but always polite, and the food is always fresh and delicious.  The restaurant is clean, and the seating is casual and comfortable with both booths and tables.
5	Chips and salsa, beef taco, and a cheese and onion enchilada.  That was my dinner Friday night, and it was perfection!  I don't care if they're slow.  I'll wait for my beloved El Bravo!
4	I think this place is great! I love that it's been there for years and years, locally owned with friendly staff. They're super easy-going and makes for a great lunch spot. Great spot for toddlers too :)I like the Navajo taco--yum! Really, I think I'd like anything here. Oh, and they have wine magaritas----never head of before. The alcohol is not tequila, but, can you guess? Wine! It's definitely different but I likey. Would have had another but I was driving. boo.
4	One Liner: Some of the best TacosFood: (scale of 0-4) 3.2This hole in the wall is apparently famous for the green tamales. Personally, I loved the tacos. (pork mexican tacos especially). The salsa was awesome as well. I could never have enough of it. It's good that we had to pay a small amount for it. I wouldn't feel bad ordering seconds after seconds.Extras: (Scale of 0-1)  0.7Service 0.1: Decor 0.1: Speed 0.1: Dessert 0.2: The flan is really nice. If you like flans, you should try it here. Prices 0.2: Can't beat it with a stick! My score for this experience is 3.9 stars.
5	One of the best Arizona Sonoran style Mexican food joints in Arizona, or anywhere in the USA!Great thin hot chips with typical, but good Arizona style salsas... My favorite meal on their menu is the #5, Green Chile Chicken tamale, Sour Cream Enchilada, Rice & Beans...The tamale has lots of meat in it, not like most tamales that are 85% Masa and little meat. The green chile they cover the tamale with is absolutely wonderful, very fresh green chile flavor and not to spicy as to mask the flavors of the masa & chicken. The sour cream cheese enchilada is amazing, wait till you taste it, seriously the best Sonoran style enchilada this Chef has ever had....an end product you can only get with using the finest of fresh ingredients!The only downfalls EB has is no hard liquor, which equates to no REAL Margaritas (Ay, caramba!.....but they do have cold beer & and wine) and sometimes theres a wait for a table....buen apittite!!!
4	It had been a while since eating at El Bravo....and I am glad to put it back in my 'good places to eat' list.  Great food.  Go check it out.  Oh, and they make their tortillas in house!  Yumm!
4	I just have some tweaks on what others mentioned.Ambiance--some people apparently wish negative scores were possible, but I found the look quaint and fun.Service--I went at lunch and dinner today and had no problems.Food.  I really liked the green corn chicken tamale and chile relleno with green chile.  I thought ordering one of each a la carte was the thing to do since the rice and beans were unappealing.  You still get some salad (i.e., lettuce) with it.  I've had much more intense green chile and/or poblano before, but by the time I'd finished I had developed a satisfying slow-warmth.The dessert popover (fry bread/sopapilla with sugar and honey) was delicious.I really enjoyed the cheese crisp ole to start.  Very little bread, so it just added a good starch/crisp to the cheese, tomato, and jalapeno that top it.
4	This very good and inexpensive mexican food. They have excellent tamales, the green corn tamales are good plain or with chicken. The shredded beef with green sauce on frybread is superb, as is the frybread dessert with honey and powdered sugar. The one main issue with El Bravo is the consistently spotty service, but the food is consistently top notch if you can put up with the service.
5	This may be the best hole-in-the-wall Mexican food I've ever had.I found this place on Yelp after searching for Mexican restaurants in the Sunnyslope area, and was expecting a lot after all the rave reviews. My boyfriend and I have been there for dinner twice now, and attempted a third time but arrived too late because I forgot that they close at 8pm :( One of the only negative things about the place so far. I think they should stay open until at least 9PM, but oh well.I've read numerous comments about poor service but both times I've been, service has been just fine. Maybe a little on the slow side regarding the check, but I can let that slide as I was not in a hurry to leave either time. The ambiance is not romantic or necessarily inviting, but it's charming in its own way.I found it a little strange that they charge for chips and salsa ($1), but it's a small price to pay, as the chips were very fresh and the salsa (both the salsa served with the chips, and the bottled hot sauce) was quite good. I think both times I've eaten at El Bravo, I ordered the chicken chimichanga dinner special served with sour cream, guacamole, cheese, tomato and rice and beans on the side. The chimichanga was AMAZING. Flavorful, juicy, tender shredded chicken and a very fresh and crispy flour tortilla. The toppings were a little overwhelming, next time I may ask for them on the side. The rice and beans both had good flavor and I was very satisfied with the whole meal. I thought the little crispy flour tortilla with cinnamon sugar which was brought with the check was a very nice way to end the meal.El Bravo is a little nondescript and can be easy to miss while looking for it, but it's totally worth it!
4	Excellent, fast, inexpensive. Plain old good Mexican Food. I would drive across town for it, but if you live in the vicinity it's a must have.
4	This place is such a find. Let's start with the chips & salsa because that's really what melts my butter. Perfection! chips were thin, crispy, hot. The salsa was the perfect consistency, not the Hot Ketchup variety & none of that we opened a jar of Pace Picante, hahaha these stupid gringos!  I mean, honestly, my Mexican food standards are not that demanding. Give me the same quality I could make at home without having to drag out my food processor & I'm your best friend. Rice & beans were good, typical, but good. Tortillas are exactly like my grandma's, probably full of lard (sorry if they're not but I don't see this place making the Jenny Craig hitlist anyway). And lard is necessary to build your quality cellulite. That, and butter slathered on the lard laden tortillas; now the clouds have parted. I ordered the chile relleno plate and the chile relleno was very satisfactory - the batter could be a tad flufflier but, hey, who's measuring. On another visit, I ordered the chicken taco. The chicken was moist & shredded, very good. are the hard shells handmade? I detected a slight comparison to Lawry's but I'll give you the benefit of the doubt. I love the shredded lettuce on everything. It's very Baja & makes me feel a little better about the fact that I've completed reversed the effects of 4 hours of Insanity Workout. The person who complained about the service should go to Macayo's or Arriba's (excuse me as I hork all over my keyboard). Ok, better now. if you are looking more streamlined, corporate, dining process, these places will be little gems for you. (heheheee)
2	The chips and salsa were pretty tastie.  The guac was pretty bad though and it almost ruined the chimy.  The shredded beef didn't have much flavor to it.  Cant say I'll be going back any time soon.
4	I should have bought a house in Sunnyslope.  Los Reyes de la Torta and El Bravo in the same neighborhood.  It's like a dream come true.  El Bravo has been on my list for a while now, and I finally made it a few weeks ago.  The typical "not much to look at from the outside" place, but I found the inside to be, dare I say, charming with it's colorful walls and mural.  Seat yourself and the wait is not long for chips and salsa.  The salsa was mild, but tasted fresh.  The hot sauce in the ever so popular in Arizona squirt bottle was a little hotter with good strong oregano flavor.  Yes, they do charge for chips, but it's a buck.  Nothing to get bent about, and the rest of the menu is priced affordably.To maximize my sampling pleasure, I ordered a 3-way burro so that I could try both the red chile and green chile (both made with beef), beans, and tortillas without ordering too much.  Pretty resourceful, I know.  I also ordered the green corn chicken tamale.The beans were good, but a little too seasoned for me.  Not overly seasoned, but I'm a minimalist when it comes to beans.  Salt does it for me.  The red chile was made with shredded beef, while the green was made with cubes.  Both were tasty, but I couldn't detect one being hotter than the other, but you know how 3-ways are.  The tortillas were really good!  Maybe a little less "floury" than say a Carolina's tortilla.  Now the tamale was perfection.  I'm usually never impressed by a restaurant tamale's masa.  There's either way too much, or it's too tough or too soft, and it never tastes like home-made, maybe because they're restaurant-made.  El Bravo has it down.  I ordered mine without sauce, and it was served out of the husk, so I'm pretty sure they are made with only one husk.  I like the 2 or 3 husk version so you can peel away the layers....mmm, mmm.  So, it's too late to make a long story short, but El Bravo is now my new favorite table-service Mexican restaurant for good ole Sonoran fare.
5	I love this place! Consistently delicious. Don't be fooled by the outside, this place is a gem. The chips are thin and yummy and their salsa ROCKS!!! My husband and I eat here at least once a week. It's cheap, clean and service is good. Plus, they leave you with a nice parting gift -  a cinnamon sugar 'cookie'.  We try other Mexican places and every time, we say the same thing, "damn, we should have gone to El Bravo." I am addicted.
5	My boss and I get green chili burros about once a week because they are amazing.
5	Went to El Bravo with the family tonight at my mom-in-laws request and yes it was as tasty as ever.  This place is as good as it gets for authentic Mexican food in Phoenix.  The service on the other hand is usually not the greatest when they are busy and tonight they were busy so I feel pretty lucky to tell you that the experience was great.  I usually get the #5 which is a corn tamale, sour cream enchilada, beans & rice which was awesome tonight.  I have also had there 3 flat enchiladas with egg which is also the best.  The green chili burros, bean burros, tacos, red beef tamales, and tostadas and they are all fantastic.   The place is a hole in the wall establishment snuggled in the SW corner of 7th Street & Butler (South of Northern).  The atmosphere is pretty nice considering the area and the price of the food.  They charge for the chips and salsa but its only a $1 and good chips and salsa are worth it.  We also buy a dozen flour tortillas on our way out the door each time we visit.  There is rumor for one to be open up more north like maybe Norterra area!
5	Simply one of the best Mexican hole-in-the-walls in Phoenix.  Though it may not look like much from the outside, inside El Bravo sports a quaint appearance and amazing Mexican food.  The chips are thin and crispy, and are just about perfect when they are hot.  Shredded beef or chicken tacos are great, as are the burritos and enchiladas.  The reasonable prices and fantastic food keep us coming back time after time.
3	Growing up in Arizona, and the west side-I only find El Bravo okay.  I had never been there before, even though I love Los Reyes de la Torta which is down the street.  I had heard a lot about the place and I finally had the chance to check it out.  I ordered a beef picadillo burro and a chicken green corn with sauce tamale.  The burro was extremely disappointing.  It really didn't have any interesting flavor, spice or ingredients.  It was filled with beef and raw shredded cabbage, which I didn't enjoy. The tamale on the other hand was definitely the right choice--if it weren't for the tamale, El Bravo would have been a two star place for me.  The tamale was the best restaurant tamale I've had- the masa was soft, moist and perfectly seasoned.  However, for over $5 a tamale, I thought it was a bit expensive since it doesn't come with anything.A nice surprise are the cinnamon sugar crisps that come with your bill.However, for a disappointing burro, great-but expensive tamale and a soda, I got out of there just under $17.  So is El Bravo good?  I think they have some good things on the menu.  Would I spend $17 for okay Mexican food on a regular basis?  No thanks.
4	Chile Relleno is really good. It comes with the standard side of rice and beans which is nothing special. I have been there 4 times and have the same thing each time. Don't blink or you'll drive right past this place.
5	The best Mexican food in AZ! Your kind service, large menu, and cozy restaurant will keep us coming! One teeny gripe.. a little music playing would be a great addition..at times it seems like everyone can hear my conversation. Other than that, please don't ever change!
3	I've been trying to get to El Bravo for months, and I finally made it! The atmosphere is pretty cozy and the staff was very friendly. I ordered a green chili burrito with beef and potatoes, and I also ordered a shredded pork taco. The burrito was great. The green chili was a winner in the flavor department. On the contrary though, the shredded pork was pretty bland. It almost tasted like it wasn't spiced at all. It was unfortunate, but it didn't ruin my visit. Lastly, I got to try some of a chicken burrito. I am definitely ordering chicken during my next visit. It was some of the best tasting chicken that I've had at a Mexican restaurant. It was well seasoned and not dried out! I've had so many bad experiences with chicken at Mexican dives that I've pretty much stopped ordering it, but El Bravo will be my exception.I'm going to need to try more, but all in all, El Bravo was pretty good.
5	Doesn't get any better than this. My gma lives a few blocks away been eating here since I could eat. Never disappointed ever. Love their Mexican taco and allllll deserts! Great friendly service. If they cooked dirt I'd eat it this place is amazing!
4	Visit date 3/24/11:I was really impressed with our visit. We brought our friends from France and the waitress was really accommodating with our goal of ordering lots to share family style. She even suggested their veggie tamale that was really good. I can't wait to go back and have another. My only qualm? A tiny bit too much cheese drenched on top. I know, I know... anyone who knows me knows I love me some cheese. But the food is so good that it doesn't need to hide under all that cheese!
2	I use Yelp a lot to find places to eat. My son suggested El Bravo because of reviews. Lots of good reviews.My wife and I  got there and was seated by a very nice lady.  I am going "good start". I may of just hit it on an off night. Nothing special about the decoration. Kind of plain could of used some cleaning. Very typical of some of the locally owned places where you can often get some very good food. My son and daughter arrives and it takes a while for someone to come and take our order. We get our drinks and wait and wait. Other people that came in after us have their food and are eating. Our drinks are empty and I have to ask to get refills. Ten min. later our waitress came out and said our food was being made. Ten min later we finally had our food. My son liked the Chimi, my wife and daughter liked their meal. Nothing exceptional, good. I got their cheese crisp Ole, again was good. There was not a lot of people in the restaurant so our long wait was not because they were to busy. I will probably not go back. There are a lot of places that do as well or much better closer to where I live.
4	Great place for Mexican food - yummy food, friendly service and cheap prices!
1	I don't know folks. I see a lot of good reviews of this place here on Yelp but my experience at this restaurant was just awful! This is your typical mom and pop place. Normally these types of places are great. Not so with this one. We walked in and were seated promptly. We had a couple of questions about the menu and our food server could not answer any of them. One of the questions was "do you have margaritas"? She was so clueless she didn't even know if they served margaritas or not!!! Every question we asked she kept having to run into the kitchen to have answered. Finally an older lady had to come out and help her. The older lady told us our food server had only been there a week. You're there a week and don't know what type of drinks you serve among other things? The items we ordered were guacamole cheese crisp, shredded beef burrito enchilada style (red sauce) and machaca burrito with green sauce. The cheese crisp was cold and the tortilla they used had the consistency of pop tarts. Hard, greasy, horrible. It was the worst cheese crisp I've ever had. The shredded beef burrito was only filled about a quarter of the way and the beef was extremely dry and flavorless.  It makes me nauseous thinking about it it was that bad.  The machaca burrito was made using ground beef with spices. Not your typical machaca. We thought we were given an incorrect order but the food server advised us this is how they make their machaca. It is dried then ground. I would not visit here again. I've eaten at better Taco Bells.   Do not eat at this restaurant.
5	This place is great. I've lived in AZ for 10 years now, and this is probably the best mexican food I've had in the valley. El Bravo, I'd describe as a dive restaurant. It's one of those places where you walk in for the first time and wonder if you should turn right back around and walk out. Don't make that mistake. It's definitely not going to win any awards for decor/atmosphere, but if you want great mexican, this is the place to go.The service has been very good to date, and the family is always friendly, as you can tell they appreciate their customers. Keep it up El Bravo!
3	Just discovered this little gem.  I liked it.  The salsa is not nearly as good as the red sauce that has hits of garlic.  Had the three way burro enchilada style.  My lunch partner had a chicken burro also enchilada style.  The portions are huge for the price.  Can I say it is the most mind-blowing burro?  Likely not.  I will say however, that the horchata is delicious, the service good and nothing is super spicy.  Sometimes I want spice, some other times, I really want the other flavors to be complemented by a little kick.  This is a good alternative for times when you don't want to brave the wait at Tortas del Rey, or you have out of town guests who can't handle the heat.
5	El Bravo is certainly on my new list for go-to Mexican Restaurants.  The place is spotless (even though the building to the north looks like people have been sleeping out front).  You really cannot tell by driving by, but the interior is bright, open and full of great smells.Chicken Tamale Combo for lunch included a shredded pork flauta and a ground beef taco that was one of the best in town.  Ground beef tacos usually remind me of Toxic Bell, but this one had very flavorful, but not overspiced meat and a homemade shell.  Tamale was sweet and delicious.  Flauta was better than average.  Beans and rice were excellent and homemade as well.While eating, one of the owners was talking to, I guess, her daughter.  It was a total George Lopez, "Why you crying" story.  There is definitely a lot of love in this great mom and pop establishment.$13 food, tax, tip.
4	LOVE this place. Eat here twice a month at least. Very consistent in quality. I love the pico type salsa with warm chips nice touch!. I always get the stacked enchiladas with extra onions & lettuce. The enchilada sauce is so creamy smooth. Also love their Indian fry bread with beef and green sauce. Fry bread is fluffy yet crispy enough to not be soggy when smothered with the green chili beef!The staff is incredibly polite and kind. I feel like family when I'm there.
4	Solid 4 star mexican food at very reasonable prices.the ladies at the counter are always friendly and help you decide what delicacy will tempt you!the food is not too spicy here and always served piping hot!
3	I just visited El Bravo for the first time.  I have mixed feelings about it.  I ordered the guacamole tostada with a side of rice and beans.  I didn't think there was anything especially tasty about any of them, although the tostada shell was nice and crunchy.  I love cheese, but even I would agree with fellow Yelper Cookie that there was a tad too much cheese for my liking.  The salsa didn't have much flavor, and just tasted like tomatoes to me.  However, the hot sauce made up for it.  Flavorful and spicy, it has a little kick to it.  You do have to pay for the chips and salsa here, $1 not a big deal.  Okay, now on to the best part of my visit.  The horchata was AMAZINGLY delicious!  Lots of cinnamon, just the way I like it.  To make things even better we were getting free refills on the horchata.    However, don't get too excited.  I'm not sure if this is always the case, or if it was because we were there 30 minutes before close and they were just trying to get rid of it.  The cinnamon chips they give to each guest at the end of the meal were amazing too!  A crunchy, little round chip (tortilla size) covered with cinnamon and sugar.  It was the perfect little sweet treat to follow all the hot sauce I had eaten.  I definitely see these becoming a new sweet bite that I crave.  The prices here were very reasonable, and I would visit here again, even if just for the horchata and cinnamon chips!
4	The green sauce is amazing here.  The vibe is authentic, the food is on point Mexican, and the price is reasonable.  I freakin' LOVE the popover desert they have with powdered sugar and honey.  So simple, and unhealthy, yet so good :)  The food always comes out hot and fresh, and appears to have some older Mexican female at least running the show in the kitchen...which is a good thing.  Authenticity oversight, I dig it.  I love taking people here who want "Mexican".  There are a ton of other items I have yet to try, but it's only a matter of time before I knock them all out.  DEFINITELY check this joint out.
4	Basic mexican food menu but, very yummy! I love the family owned feel to this place! I grew up in this area and i was always excited to come here... I still am when i am back in my roots :)
5	Best homemade flour tortillas in town!! You will crave these, and will tear into them while still driving home... best to buy two orders :) Also inexpensive! The location 'keeps it real'.
5	Wow, El Bravo never disappoints! My first visit to El Bravo was 15+ years ago and I have kept coming back because it seems to get better every time. I developed a high bar for judging Mexican food while growing up in Phoenix -- probably because of El Bravo!My favorites are either the traditional combo plates (some variation of tacos + enchiladas + tamales) or the Machaca plate. Great family place!Special shout-out to the tamales: El Bravo makes over 700 dozen tamales around the holidays; they don't make them until ordered, so it's fair to say that demand is *very* high for these delicious fares!Viva El Bravo!
4	Have to agree with the consensus: 4 stars and 1 $
4	I came here for the reviews, I wanted a tamale for Christmas season, and it was close to the Pointe Hilton hotel we were staying at. Tamales were awesome, that green sauce is excellent with the right amount of heat. On the combo platter I had I felt the crispy beef taco was average, same goes for the rice and beans, but did not detract from the meal. My son had an enchilada in red sauce which was four-star worthy, my wife had a crispy chicken taco that was very good. All for a very reasonable price. If this were near our home, I would be eating here often. Thank you El Bravo.
4	I can't believe being the Mexican food junkie that I am it took me so long to try out El Bravo...I have been missing out! The restaurant is small, in a nondescript strip center along 7th street and it is no frills, but it is delicious!The chips are so light and crispy, yet they hold up to the chunky salsa really well.  The salsa is full of big chunks of tomatoes, onions and peppers, all at their peak of freshness.We ordered a cheese crisp to start, and this one was crispy and loaded with cheese, perfection!  Made even more perfect with a scoop of salsa on top.  I got the green chile beef and bean burro, and I was in love at first bite.  The meat was tender and flavorful with just enough heat and the tortilla was tender and rich.  This was probably one of the best burritos I have ever had and it is making me hungry again just thinking about it!  I know many people complain that you have to pay extra for additional baskets of chips, but the prices are so reasonable to begin with, it really shouldn't matter.
3	I'm being generous by giving this place 3 stars. Being an AZ native I know my Mexican food and this place is very mediocre at best. Took the family for dinner after craving tacos and decided to go to El Bravo since it had been years since the last time we went there for their infamous chocolate chimichangas. Chips were delish...thin, crispy and served warm. Salsa was okay, wish it had a little more kick! Husband had shredded beef tacos with chile relleno, which had a green sauce over it that was bland. My daughter and I had combo shredded beef tacos with beans. The meat was nice and hot and flavorful but the taco shell was really greasy and thin. The beans were horrible! They tasted like they had been burned. My son took one bite of his bean tostada and said "gross". With all the great Mexican food in AZ I don't think we'll be back...
5	I LOVE this place.  I'm Mexican & my favorite things to eat here are their posole (red chile, hominy & pork soup). I'm known for mine and I think theirs is better.  Their fry bread with red or green chile is simple and amazing.  Their tamales are expensive in my opinion 4.75 for one, but they're worth it.  My favorite tamale is just the veggie green chile & corn...I have not found a better tamale at a restaurant.I don't know about their normal stuff like tacos, burritos or tostadas, since I prefer to  go for what reminds me of authentic dishes but I'm sure they're good as well.  The restaurant is super clean and service was good.  My only complaint is that they're closed on Sunday, but then I remind myself that it's a family place.
5	This reminds me of the place I grew up (and later, my kids) grew up eating Mexican food.  I was taught that tamales are the test of a good mexican restaurant, and  El Bravo's chicken green chile tamale is unbelievably good with lots of filling, great flavor, and light sweet masa. My husband and I are continually seeking out authentic, privately owned Mexican restaurants and El Bravo remains consistently great.  We recently took California friends to El Bravo. Both are Mexican, and the husband grew up in New Mexico. He was in heaven at El Bravo, and practically ordered 1/2 the menu as he wanted some to take home. He said he hadn't had mex food "this great" in a long time. I might mention we walked into the restaurant on a Monday night - not knowing they close early. They still gave us exceptional, friendly service. Now......if we could ONLY get a real margarita!
4	Good food and a friendly staff typically make for a positive dining experience, El Bravo delivers on both fronts.  On my latest visit I opted for the green chile popover, it was very good.  The popover bread was perfect and the green chile was very tasty and pretty spicy.  I've had the bean and cheese popover and the sweet one as well, both are great.I've ordered just about everything on the menu and have never left disappointed, although that may have something to do with the delicious cookie they give you with your ticket.
5	Definitely one of my favorite places! Small local Mexican restaurant with bold flavors. The staff are always friendly and the restaurant is very clean. As you walk in, you can see the kitchen where the food is being prepared. You can see how They probably have the best shredded beef chimichanga with their homemade salsa and guacamole. I'm torn between that and the chile relleno. Both are delicious and authentic. This is a local favorite and I will keep coming back.
4	The simple fact that they make their own tortillas makes all the difference in the world. I am so glad that El Bravo is in my central neighborhood while the suburbs are jammed full of lousy chain restaurants. El Bravo does fill up during the dinner rush so arrive early to place an order to go.
5	Best mexican food!
3	I gave it a 3 stars due to the fact the staff is pretty nice, place is clean and I only had one item on the menu. With that out of the way here is my huge disappointment, I ordered a carne asada burrito for 7 bucks and it was a tiny burrito was my first thought ( had it to go so it was wrapped). I though well it must be out of this world good!! When I opened it it was dripping with grease the I had to dry it with napkins I took a bite and I felt the grease running down my throat, I don't know if they use grease to cook the meat with the veggies or it's the cheese they used... But it was gross. Couldn't really enjoy the taste because of the grease, my hands and I'm not joking; felt like they went through lotion therapy! Anyway based on that I'm not sure yet if I want to go back and try something else.
4	El Bravo has a typical menu with the regular items you expect to find at a Mexican restaurant.  The success of El Bravo is the quality of the food and their ability to put a distinct mark on Mexican standards.  I ordered the #6: Chicken Tamale Deluxe Combo that included a shredded beef flauta, ground beef taco (with flour shell), chicken tamale with rice and beans.  The flauta and tamale were fantastic.  The green sauce on the tamale top notch.  The flower taco shell was an interesting experience.  It's the first I've had in the style offered at El Bravo.  I prefer the standard corn shell (also offered at El Bravo) but it made for a nice deviation from my typical taco experience. My order took longer than I would typically expect but worth the wait.  El Bravo has a smaller staff and all the food is prepared fresh when you order.  This isn't assembly line style cooking.  You can even look into the kitchen from the counter and watch the magic happen.  The dining area is of ample size and fit for the solo diner or families.  The restaurant is clean and the staff is friendly and attentive.  Overall, I can say that El Bravo is one of the best restaurants, Mexican or otherwise, in Phoenix.
4	You can judge a Mexican restaurant by the salsa and this one rates pretty high on my list.  The red chile burro is to die for!William F.
2	Not impressed. They were busy... I was disappointed in the food. I ordered a shredded beef taco salad and only two bites of meat in the whole salad. Ill try something else if I ever end up there again.
3	You guys hyped this one up too much, I was expecting some tastiness and I was really disappointed in the food, it was just okay definitely not adding it into my rotation. Expect the average, nothing more.
5	Best green corn tamales in town, love the tortillas, too...Bean/cheese burro is heavenly too.  We love the hot sauce - could use it for 'enchilada' sauce and we DO!  I wish I lived closer...but it's a great departure even so.  I've been eating here since the mid-80s and it's consistently great.
4	Great little hole-in-the-wall/local Mexican restaurant.Good selection of adult beverages (beers only; wish I could've had a margarita).Tons of food on every plate.EXCELLENT salsa.
5	Consistantly great food. Love both salsas, chips are good. But the chicken tacos have to be my favorite. So good.
3	My family and I came here on a rainy Monday night. They don't seem to be good with serving large parties (ours was 8 adults and 2 kids). Service was slow. I had a chicken enchilada which was really good but teeny tiny, and a side of beans which were good. My husband had the green steak fry bread and I had a bite and really enjoyed it. I was sitting near the kitchen and I saw the server girl heating the chips up in a microwave and then bringing them to the tables. That was a bit shocking. So, the food was good, but the atmosphere and service was not so good (nor were the chips).
5	Modelo Especial!The BF gets the special almost every time we come here...and it's always really good. Spinach tamale tonight. I had the fry bread, which is fabulous, mostly because of the fried part.Love the hole-in-the-wall atmosphere.
4	I'm proud to say that this was the first Mexican restaurant my parents ever took me to. I was six months old. My love for their food is undying. After every painful breakup, bad test grade and off day, I know I can run to this restaurant and be greeted with warm smiles and delicious food.If their extensive menu confuses you, here are my favorite dishes:Machaca scramble: amazing. I love breakfast foods and this makes eating breakfast for dinner easy and delicious.Flautas: amazing. Especially with a side of beans.Green chile burro: so good.Anything with a tortilla is good. Their tortillas are the best.And every meal is finished with free fried, sugar and cinnamon-coated crisps.My only dig: Nearly everything is fried. There is no "light fare." But if you're in the mood for an authentic and delicious Mexican meal, look no further than El Bravo.Word to the wise: You get faster service if you seat yourself in the room immediately to your left after entering the restaurant. If you sit in the first room you enter or the room to your right after you enter, you won't be served as quickly. (Just a little something I noticed.)
5	Cute place in Phx to eat. Staff was soo friendly and food was d@$% good. Had the macahca omelette and hubby had the appetizer cheese crisp ole. The omelette was a great meal for sugar and carb free dieters.
5	I don't know why I gave this a 4 earlier. I've been dozens of times in the last few years--sometimes twice a day--always loved it, never had any problems at all. I only wish there were one of these outside of Arizona so I could still enjoy it in the summer. O:-)Besides the chicken tamales and rellenos I love the breakfast burrito. Also the vegetarian tamales are great.
4	Went in on a Tuesday evening. Place was pretty empty but that left plenty of parking so I wasn't deterred. Service was also pretty slow for it being empty. The older woman - owner? - who was waiting on some tables took awhile to get to us, though we were greeted at the door.Prices were a little higher than I expected (I was thinking a smaller Manuel's but the prices were a few dollars more than what I typically get there) but my chimi covered in fresh guacamole, sour cream and cheese was delicious. It also had a side of beans covered in cheddar and they were really good. Split a basket of chips with my friend and while the chips were great, I wasn't too keen on the salsa - it was a little more watery and more like pico de gallo than I typically like. I got a water with lemon that was good, it didn't seem like tap. Overall, I typical Mexican local restraunt experience. Great food but I'm not sure I'd go out of my way for it.
4	Have eaten here for years and never been disappointed. Not fancy and the food is fairly basic sonoran style, but have always enjoyed it, found it well prepared and fresh. Service has always been good, maybe a little erratic.  If all or most Arizona Mexican restaurants were anything close to this, I would be one happy guy. Instead we get the execreble Aunt Chiladas or Jordans or the TeePee--the worst.Bravo.  A great place.
3	The food was good but the service was sloooooooow.  I'm not sure that we will be giving this place another shot.  The food wasn't so amazing that it warranted how long we had to wait for our food (40+ minutes).
4	This is a small place that is our neighborhood secret!  Nothing too fancy, but darn good, homemade food that is served up efficiently and professionally.  You can see into the kitchen and watch the cooks working.  Very clean and orderly.  The chips and salsa and the burritos and the tacos have always been great..  And your meal is topped off just perfectly with a melt-in-your-mouth crispy sweet Mexican cookie, no charge!
5	great food great prices and great little family business been going there since it opened
5	Been a regular here my whole life. Nothing better than the chicken green corn tamales with sauce!!
5	Get the "Green Beef" from the Side Orders, with  Corn tortillas or Rice.
5	great place and food, people are great.
5	My coworkers and I always have a hard time deciding what to do for lunch.  One day, my coworker Mike suggested this place since we were in the mood for Mexican food.  He said the food is really good and he's been going there regularly for years.  After leaving that visit and going there multiple times, this is by far my favorite Mexican Restaurant in the Valley.We always start off with some chips and salsa.  Make sure you try the sauce from the squeeze bottle.  It's so good that you end up eating so much chips and leaves you with little room to finish your meal.  If you want more appetizers, I would recommend the cheese crisps with peppers!  And if you like horchata, This place gives free refills :)My favorite item from the menu is the green corn tamale with green sauce!  It's a must have when I come here.  I would usually pair it up with a bean and cheese burro.  If you have a really big appetite, go with one of the combo plates.  You will leave full with one of those plates. The staff here are really friendly and welcoming.  You'll see them chatting it up and laughing with the many regulars that come in.  Food comes out fairly quick even during the lunchtime rush.
4	Went here with my wife and daughter. I haven't been here in many years but I remembered it being delicious. I remembered correctly. The food was amazing. I had a number 4 and added on a green beef burro. My wife had the number 6 and split some of that with our daughter. My daughter had the kids plate, which looked good. The only qualm is they don't offer a kids menu, just the single selection of a kids plate that isn't on the menu. It was good though. The service was very good. I will definitely be returning.
5	I went after work on a Thursday and a few of my coworkers bowed out because they are sick of Mexican food. I am so glad that I didn't! The ambiance is cute and there are pictures of the family who own the joint on the walls, some are really cool looking. They have imported Mexican beers that were all great, we tried three of them. The food is the best Mexican I have had in a very long time. It isn't just smothered in cheese and beans and called Mexican. It tastes like heaven on a plate and still did the next day when I had my leftovers for lunch! The service was excellent and courteous. I will definitely come here again and again!!
5	I've been taking my family & friends here for over twenty years. Authentic food that hasn't changed. Quality control is very high. It's great every time we go.
4	Overall, good experience, but could have been a hair better.I ordered the #6 Chicken Tamale Deluxe Combo because of what other people have written.  The chicken green corn tamale is just as everyone said said, a unique flavor that really satisfies.  If you can get one or two unique things out of a Mexican restaurant then you've done well, and this was it.A close second was the ground beef flour taco.  I usually don't spend much time ordering tacos at restaurants but this one had a shell that was hard enough to hold it's form but soft enough to bend a little when you took a bite.  The bottom of the shell mixed with the juices from the beef and created a texture that I'd not had in a taco before.  Delicious.One disappointment was the shredded beef flauta. Nothing to write home about and without a knife I ended up stabbing it and taking bites off of it.One other disappointment was the salsa and hot sauce, but I chalk this up to personal preference so I don't really downgrade restaurants because of it. The salsa had chunks of fresh veggies but the flavor wasn't to my liking, and it had quite a bit of juice in it.  You ended up getting some veggies on top and then juice which ran off of the chip.  The hot sauce has an earthy flavor to it that just didn't do it for me, but others seem to enjoy it so to each his own.Last point, the rice and beans were excellent.  Some places try to do too much or too little, but El Bravo found the perfect balance of spices and natural flavor.  Really enjoyed it.As for the extras, the restaurant is easy to find and there is plenty of parking.  The wait staff was very friendly and the food came fast.  Not much ambiance but you're kind of looking for that from time to time.
5	I love this place, I have been coming here for 15 years.  I keep coming back because the food is consistently awesome  The green burro is the best and the salsa is chunky with just the right amount of heat.  Authentic and flavorful!  I always look forward to my bill because it comes with a cinnamon crisp!  We've had them cater for several events and the food is always delicious. Great family run business.
4	Great Authenic Mexican food. I have been going here for over 15 years and it is one of my favorite mexican spots in town. Great tacos, home made tortillas and most everything is fresh. No host/hostess you just pick a table and they will help you out. Try the mexican indian fry bread come with powdered sugar and honey very good. Prices are pretty good and the wait is not bad during the week.
2	I just can't give them more than two stars, I wasn't impressed by any part of the experience except that they were very friendly."Sweet" should not be the first word that comes to mind when describing red sauce. I got a smothered chorizo burrito, and you would have never known it was chorizo, no spice or flavor at all. "Peppery", as in too much black pepper, is the word for their hot salsa. The mild salsa just tasted like cilantro. I love cilantro, but with some other flavor too, please.I will go back to try their green tamales since people rave on here about them, but so far I'm disappointed.
5	Love this authentic Sonoran  style food!The owner,  Carmen is a wonderful lady As is her whole family . The food is consistently good.Love the green chile enchilada style burro  topped with green sauce or red sauce on top. Sometimes I order half green half red sauce on top. Out of this world . The green vegetable tamales topped with green sauce are heaven. The beans are delicious! Love the cinnamon cookie chip they give you with your check! Chips and salsa delicious! 4 stars !!!!
2	The green corn tamale with green sauce was awesome!  I came in after the lunch crowd so it wasn't really busy, but service was lacking. It seemed that "regulars" got more attentive service and I had to ask for everything, more water, utensils, clean plate, no one came by to check on the table after I was served until I was finished, etc...It would be worth another try and if nothing improves, I'll write it off completely.
5	Authentic!!! 150 %! The entire staff is wonderfully accommodating and nice! They did everything to make sure we were comfortable and had all we needed to take out. The prices are awesome and the food is mouth-watering. I've been going here for years and it only seems to get better!
5	Simply my favorite Mexican food in Phoenix.  Nothing fancy, but such delicious food.  The restaurant is very clean, the service is friendly.  My favorite things to order: chips and salsa (and sometimes Guac), cheese crisp (with extra salsa), chicken burro enchilada style, chicken chimi.  Of course, I don't get all of this is one sitting.  :)  We go back over and over and just love it!
3	The wait for a Saturday night wasn't really that bad.  The place is quaint and cozy but didn't feel too crowded.  We waited a while for the food, and I was totally fine with that... until I heard what sounded like the beeping and door opening/closing of a microwave.  Now I know it's the 21st century and the microwave has been a kitchen staple for years... but if I wanted a microwave meal, I could do that at home!  We started with the chips and salsa, and while the chips were light and crispy and delicious, the salsa really missed the mark for me.  I love a chunky pico de gallo style, but this just had weird seasoning and watery consistency.  The stuff in the squeezy bottle was even weirder tasting.  Okay, so no salsa... but the food that was coming out looked good.  As we got down to the business of ordering, we quickly realized there are no kids menu options.  We opted for a regular enchilada plate ($8) and I thought Little Guy could have leftovers for lunch the next day.  Wrong.  The regular plate came with a single enchilada, rice and beans.  So basically a kids portion for an adult price?  The #6 boasted a tamale, flauta and beef taco.  I was most excited about the tamale, but was a bit let down... The filling was sweet - something I guess I'm just not a big fan of.  The flauta was very dry and difficult to cut but was topped with some tasty guac.  The star of the plate hands down was the beef taco.  I think I'm in love with a crispy flour tortilla shell!  The chimichanga got good reviews at the table.  Bonus cinnamon crisps at the end rounded out the meal nicely.Overall this place was good.  I seriously think Filiberto's is comparable.  For the price ($35 for two kids and one adult, two waters and one Sprite, chips and salsa) I'm not sure it's the best choice for the quality, but I can't deny I'd try this place again just for a plate of tacos and a bucket of cinnamon crisps.
5	Great family place and unreal food! Enjoyed the recommendation and the attentive service. Hit the tamales hard!
