2	No, no no.  I went here last night with some of my husband's work buddies.  If you have ever been to PB in San Diego on a Saturday night, it's pretty much like that.First off, all the waitresses are dressed in bikinis and have body paint all over them and have huge boobs.  Hence the name "Coconuts" I guess.  The hostesses, of which there are about 30, dress in short jean shorts and ripped up T-shirts.  As one friend put it, "What the hell are these people going to do in the winter?"  When the hostesses aren't all jammed by the door preening, they climb up on top of the booths and "dance."  At least I think that's what they were doing.  Seriously...it looked like the bad day shift at a strip club.There was also a guy wearing a sombrero/lifeguard hat, with a pancho tied around his shoulders, and a painted on mustache.  He was walking around blowing a damn vuvuzela and asking who wants to do a beer bong.  I thought his get up was a bit racist, to be honest.  And, yeah, you read that correctly about the beer bong.  They bring in people out of the mall to do beer bong contests and shot contests.  And they also use water guns to shoot alcohol into your mouth.  Classy.Drinks were pretty pricey and we ordered chips and guacamole for $7...the guac came in a teeny tiny bowl that barely was enough for 2 people to share.But listen, if you like to look at boobs, enjoy beer bongs, shots, people shooting alcohol into your mouth with water guns, and basically bad college-like experiences, by all means come to Coconuts.  But I'm warning you, it's like going to Tijuana.
5	mmm mmm  and mmm!   Decided to check out this place after the movies over the weekend since it looked fun and interesting from the outside.Tried several of their margaritas (can't remember the names), and they packed a punch.    I was buzzing after my second.The Kudos go to the chef and the cooks...I ordered the seafood enchiladas and were very delicious...I was craving for seconds.  The scallops and shrimp were tender,juicy, and not over or under cooked., but perfectly cooked.  Loved the vibe, the service, food, and drinks.  I will be visiting again.
1	This place is a joke. My first and may I add only experience dinning here was revolting. Not only was my taco filled grisly fat, there was an added bonus the TIP OF A RUBBER GLOVE, I guess the chef thought it might add some much needed texture. My friend ordered fish tacos, but found it some what unappetizing that we were being served by a girl that resembled a Thai prostitute wearing nothing but a bathing suit, every time she spoke all I could just hear suckie suckie five dolla. When the drinks we ordered finally arrived I was surprised to find that the martini was nothing more than kool-aid with a splash of cheap bottom shelf vodka, something that would make even the cheapest college student gag. Conceptually this place is uninspired, Mexican Beach in the middle of the desert, in the middle of a strip mall. Genius, and let us open the doors the minute it is time to put on your jacket. Suffice it to say I did not order dessert since I had a belly full of rubber and povov, which quite possibly maybe a recipe for a gastro molotov cocktail.As I made my much anticipated exit I had to make my way through a parade of under age girls in bathing suits and 10lbs of make-up. Who had been dancing erotically as i attempted to eat my meal. Word to the wise, if you find yourself in the vicinity of Coconuts, run and and never look back. Go to Yardhouse, or JIB(Jack in the Box) down the street. Tasteless, in every sense of the word.
1	So after I went on and on about how nice Town Square was we stroll into this place for lunch. Wow. (That's not a good wow.... it's just a wow.)If you like Mexican food, please don't go here. It's a waste of your valuable time... even if you have absolutely nothing to do! The food was awful and they CHARGED ME FOR CHIPS AND SALSA! THEY CHARGED ME FOR CHIPS AND SALSA! Really? That's ridiculous. Chips and salsa is the one appetizer that is ALWAYS free at any Mexican grill. We ordered drinks and one of our margaritas came in a broken glass. I guess this place turns into a nightclub at some point because there was a dance floor and a DJ booth inside of a Volkswagen van. They should just do away with the food and focus on the party because I was so not impressed.
5	Had delicious carne asada tacos and shrimp tacos here! The salsa was also very tasty. Good sound level on the music and lots of tvs for my dad to watch sports on. Fun decorations everywhere. Very nice waitress and prompt service. Will definitely return!
2	This place wont be here long. I came in two nights ago because the Yard House had a wait. It looked okay from the outside beside the 30-something girls dirty dancing on eachother. I should have taken this as a warning sign. I was eventually greeted by a bartender who was hard of hearing. For the most part he was nice/friendly and frankly I felt bad for him. There was no one at the bar but me unless you count the waitress who laid down ON THE BARTOP where i was eating to get a shot done off of her.I ordered a salad and a soup. Both were good, although there wasnt much meat in my soup. Together they were 11.00, which isnt bad. This place caters to the 20-something college guy. Who in their right mind creates a place like this in a high-rent area?? The hostesses were 4's at best and were basically nude. The girls were all in bikini tops and shorts.  But whats the point of shaking you booty for no money??? I felt like they had no respect for themselves. Its one thing to be a go-go dancer, but I doubt any of those employees walks with more than 100 bucks. WTF PART: Me eating my meal at the bar. Midway through, a waitress lays down ON THE BARTOP maybe 3 inches away from me and a group of guys do body shots off of her. There has to be a heathcode against some chicks body/hair being that close to my food while I am eating. There were a bunch of college guys taking pics of it of course so I am sure I am on some random dudes facebook page looking at my meal grossed out.
4	Super friendly place with very attractive servers. A big dance floor, VERY tasty mojitos. My husband had the chile verde margarita and found it delicious-- not overwhelming with the spiciness, and just the right amount of sweet. We would definitely go again with a group of friends-- it seems like this place will pick up in the "after 10 PM" hours.
3	I had dinner here about two weeks ago. First off, I am Mexican therefore I don't tend to eat Mexican food at restaurants, since I have high standards. But, I happened to be very hungry!So I ordered the chips and salsa and the Enchiladas del Mar. The chips and salsa came out instantly and the salsa was surprisingly good. Not spicy, but not necessarily mild. It was perfect. I devoured the chips. Next, my order of enchiladas came out. They looked so good! I put a bit of the salsa from the chips on the enchiladas along with the black bean salsa that came with the entree. IT WAS AMAZING. My mom had never made any seafood enchiladas, therefore these were the best. The shrimp, scallops, and crab made an excellent combination. Craving them right now...Needless to say, I enjoyed my dinner very much. I would definitely recommend the Enchiladas del Mar and the Chips and Salsa. Yum!
2	My boyfriend and I were shopping at Town Square, and decided to try this place. I have been to a Coconuts restaurant in Mexico, and thought maybe this was part of a chain, but I was wrong.  I think this is the 3rd or 4th restaurant in this location, so I'm not sure how long it will stay open.  We were greeted and seated by the hostess, who was friendly, but this may have been her first job, as she was really young.  It took about 5 minutes or so for us to be acknowledged by a server, and I guess we weren't in her station because she took our drink orders, and another server brought them to us.  I ordered the bean and cheese burrito, and my boyfriend had the fish tacos.  My burrito was ok, but it was lukewarm at best, and the cheese inside was barely melted.  I didn't say anything because I figured they would just nuke it, and when I got it back it would be too hot to eat.  The chips and salsa were good, but it was a small serving, and they charge for them when most Mexican places just give them to you.  The atmosphere of the restaurant is really targeting the younger crowd, maybe college students and 20-somethings.  I don't think I saw a male server, but there was a male bartender.  The girls were all in cutoffs, really, really short cutoffs, and bikini tops.  It was chilly in there too, so not sure what they will do when the weather is colder.  There was also a guy that was blowing alcohol onto a flame in a bottle, making a big fire ball.  Very entertaining.....NOT!  It is reasonably priced, and if I were still in college, it would probably be a great place to hang out on a Friday or Saturday night.  I will probably go again to try something else on the menu, but it won't be a regular place for dinner for me.
5	I was here after 6:30 pm on Friday to hang out for dinner and a drink after a long day at work. I sat at the bar - where the nice bartender named ? Chris ? made me what he said was a more orignial version of a "sex on the beach". It was good, and I drank it quickly before ordering the half off appetizer "guacamole". When it came out, it was probably more than I should have eaten alone, but it was REALLY tasty and much better than most places who dont know how to make a good guac.Next I ordered my usual, a Madris. Since this was happy hour - my drinks were super cheap too - but I dont know the exact price. I came in there to order the Enchiladas Del Mar - but after my guacamole appetizer, I was a little too full so I will definately be getting it next time. I DID order the fried ice cream - and Oh My Gawsh! It was amazing. The strawberry sauce was perfect with it, it wasnt OVERLY sweet but since I'm a desert junkie - it was just my style. I have a friend there whos a server and waited around for her until they got off and we still stayed there after her shift ended. Thats how fun this place is. The other serers there are super sweet too - not bitches like the girls at Hooters seemed to be.  :)After a certain time they have a live DJ and he was pretty awesome too. I WILL be back, more than once. And i'm getting my enchiladas this time!! :)Oh - and my total was only lke 15 bucks after all that too. I had about 5 drinks over the whole night. Cant beat that!
1	Worst restaurant in Las Vegas....service very slow...drinks overpriced.....food overpriced and not good....too bad cuz in good location at town square.... $180 wasted!!!
5	AWESOME STAFF! Great happy hour!!!!
2	The food was great, but the service bad enough for me to say something, which I normally don't.  I work in the service industry, and customer service is everything. Coconuts doesn't understand that . I came in for dinner, there were maybe 15 patrons, and staff standing around. It took ten minutes for someone came over and take our drink order, then it took ten minutes to get the beers. Sadly, I was sitting close enough to the bar that I could see our drinks just waiting to be sent out. Then someone came and asked what would you like to drink, we explained we had already ordered and that they were sitting at the bar... then no one came back for ten more minutes.After an hour waiting for our food, they brought it out. It looked great, but with in that one hour timeline, no one brought napkins or silverware. As an employee walked by I asked for the silverware and napkins.... nothing happened. Then I saw a manager walking around. We flagged her down and explained  the issue, she ran and got us the silverware and came back with one napkin...we had burgers and tacos. Mind you this was after our food had been on our table for almost five minutes.  She came back with a pile of napkins, then the guy I originally came back about fifteen minutes with them.   Finally, the meal was over, the manager brought us our bill, which was all wrong. She felt pretty bad, gave us a few free rounds. Maybe they had an off day or something, but the service would make your grandparents roll over in their grave.  The food was good though, good luck trying this place out.
1	The waiter warned, "The plate is hot." True. But the food was not. And who has ever heard of a Mexican restaurant without complimentary chips and salsa? Not worth the trip.
1	Terrible service and terrible food! The only thing half-way decent were the drinks, and they were overpriced for what you received. We have never had to pay for chips and salsa at a Mexican restaurant before ~ here they charge you $5. The green sauce was okay, and the red tasted just like canned enchilada sauce. There were five of us dining, all ordering different items, and nothing tasted good. The food was very bland and tasteless. When we complained to the waitress, the manager wouldn't even come over to our table. All that was relayed to us was that we could order something else if we didn't like what we ordered. We were there for an early dinner, so there were maybe 3 other tables filled - no excuse for such poor service and long wait to receive our food.
1	Don't bother. Went for dinner and the place was almost empty but the hostess told us to wait in the bar it would be about 15 minute wait. What!! Decided it wasn't going to be worth the wait after still waiting 15 minutes. Went down a couple shops to an excellent dinner at the crowded, Yardhouse.
2	Two stars is being generous.We wanted a night out...something different and last night while at Town Square and walking around we stumbled upon Coconuts Beach Bar and Mexican Grill. Let me just say, this place was SO much better when it was Lolita's Tequila bar. Not sure why they closed but they shouldn't have. We looked at the menu on the wall outside the restaurant and figured we'd give it a shot. When we walked in, we were greeted by a hostess and next to her was a waitress complaining about the table she had just waited on. Luckily, we were able to get a better server. And I feel bad for the sweet server we had. She deserves to work in such a better place. As a matter of fact, from observation alone, our server appeared to be the only one in the place who actually cared about her job. After being seated in a poorly lit area, we were presented with a small dinner menu and a large Margarita drink menu. We were given water and the waitress took our drink order. About 20 minutes later we received our drinks. My boyfriend was seated facing the bar and noticed that at first the wrong drink was made, followed by 1 drink coming out, then the other. The food was actually the best part about our time there.We ordered the guac and chips. That came out quick and was decent. The chips were dripping of oil and freshly made. The guac could have used a little more salt, but we polished off the bowl so I can't complain too much. For dinner I ordered the "Carne Tacos" and he had the "Del Mar Enchiladas".  After about another 20 minutes or so the food came out and it was time to eat. The meals came with rice and beans. Both were delicious.  The menu said the Carne Taco's would be served in 2 corn tortillas. I got 3 tacos in a single tortilla. The meat was amazing, but it was covered in onions the way you'd cover a chili dog in onions.  After removing most of the onions and a squeeze of lime they were perfect. The Del Mar Enchiladas I'm told were very good as well.  Because I checked in on Yelp, we did receive a free dessert item. We went with the Fried Ice Cream, which wasn't bad either.  Would I recommend this place to a friend? Certainly not.  Will we be back a second time to dine? No way!  If this place wants to become a successful dining establishment, I suggest getting rid of the lazy people that don't care about their job, changing up the menu a bit and get bartenders that know how to make a drink quickly. Oh, and subscribe to Satellite radio rather than streaming Pandora with ad's.
2	I was hoping this location would finally put together a good Mexican restaurant.  Unfortunately, it might be worse than Lolita's.  The place is like a beach bar in mexico that impersonates a restaurant before 10 pm.  Our waitress was really nice but that's about it.  Chips and salsa cost 5.00 (chips were cold and semi-stale). We asked for queso cheese and were presented with a bowl of lukewarm liquid cheese.  Fish tacos were ok.  I sure hope they kill it as a nightclub because this place will die the same death Lolita's did if not.  I really hope they figure it out.
4	Went in for lunch and let me just say that the food was AMAZING! Asked our server Nicole what she would recommend and she was nice and recommended some great items!! FISH tacos with grilled Ahi Ahi was fantastic. Fresh, moist and the Baja slaw was a great side dish. It made the dish. Had the fried ice cream and was also fabulous.The service was friendly and fast and would definitely go back!
2	For a bar, the mixed drinks aren't so good. Stick with the beer. The food is so-so (we just ordered appetizers), but it's cheap. The chips and pico are good. My advice for those with a discerning pallet, go somewhere else.
1	I really hate to give any place a bad rating, I try to find the good in every place I go. Having said that this review makes me a little sad but more then a little cranky!Note to self: If something is not on the menu then chances are you don't want to order it!!!  What mexican place doesn't have nachos on their menu? Well this one doesn't and as I was unfortunate to find out for good reason! The food here is just awful! The tortilla soup was cold, and a very bland version of tomato soup... I don't think this place will last long unless I am missing something profoundly different from my experience.... very disappointing!
1	Went with 4 friends.  After we were done we bet how long this place would be open?   All our food came at once.  So the appetizer and our soup got pushed aside. The staff was very dumb and didn't care how long empty plates and bowls stacked up.  I give the food 4 out of 10....  Go home hungry or just hit Millers or the Yardhouse!!!!
5	Fantastic service, food and drinks.  Staff and management are very friendly.   Ask the bartender to make his special drink :). I really liked the beef enchiladas.
2	Visited 1/28/12 and 1/29/12Tried to come in on a Saturday night, around 930pm.  Nope too late, kitchen closed at 9:30pm.   Seriously, on a weekend?  Went to Miller's Ale House instead.  Came in the next night earlier, around 6:30pm.. Was told  "slow night, kitchen closes at 7pm".  So we have to hurry and order.  Anyways, ordered the Nachos.. pretty good, lots of toppings.  Ordered the Chicken tacos.  Not very tasty, flour tortilla tasted like paper. For desert,  The churros were pretty good. caramel and chocolate dipping sauces were nice. The cook/manager came by a couple times to ask how we were doing.  Only reason I came was I paid $4 for a $20.00 cert thru http://www.restaurant.com.  Not sure If I'd come back.  Of course I'm not sure how long this place will be around at the rate they are going.  Id be willing to bet that the boarded windows will be coming here by the end of the month.
2	Shady acres at this place. The Happy Hour apppears to be a great deal with 2-1 beers. Who knew that Cocoloco would charge $6 for a PBR draft? Seriously, that is a record, but this place is so upscale (cough, cough) that it feels like its cool to do that to us. Bartender says it is a more casual place now, yeah casual (cause it has a lifeguard chair?) with $14 burrito's. Next issue was 1/2 price appetizers. The cheese quesadilla was $6 and chicken was $3 making it $9 right? Not here, only the cheese is considered half- price and the chicken is extra. I didn't agree and too there credit, they were nice and changed it, but the bartender was a bit lippy and didn't really look good in his tanktop (put a female back there). I agree, its bon voyage for this place eventually.
2	The food was decent, but the staff was not very pleasant to deal with. I've been here twice, (only because I loved their tortilla soup) but each time I've gone, my waitress has been very snotty and rude. And as a couple of other people have mentioned, the staff in general is slightly lazy. I would recommend the food to other people, but not the atmosphere. I can't see this establishment staying open for very much longer.
5	Went in on a Tuesday night around 9pm and had very prompt service. The hostess was very welcoming and the server (Clay) was very friendly & gave excellent recommendations. I've never had a tomato sauce based ceviche before, but it tasted pretty good! The guacamole appetizer had a savory taste as well. There is an extensive drink menu, and I must say that I am a fan of Mango Mojitos.
2	So went to the media opening of this restaurant last week and had a fabulous time. A+ service!!! Got a gift card to come back and use.Came back last night and walked in, there was no hostess. Waited around, which was fine because I was waiting for my friend. In that 5 mins, no one acknowledged my existence, even though the bartender and a server saw me. I did not see a sign to "seat yourself," so I waited. My friend showed up, so we stood there waiting again. Finally left and went to Yard House.In an area with so much restaurant competition, I would think they would be seating customers right away. I was looking forward to chicken enchiladas all day too :(I would only come back to use my giftcard, if they will actually seat me next time!2 stars because I had fun the first time around.
4	My daughter and I were in Vegas for the WPPI convention and had purchased some restaurant.com coupons and this was one we had purchased. It was a little difficult finding the restaurant not knowing our way around town. We called and the hostess was very helpful giving us directions. We both thought the nachos were the bomb and our burritos were big and just as delicous. I would recommend Coconuts
5	I love going to Coconuts, I'm there almost everyday. The atmosphere, people, and food is GREAT! I also love going to their events!You should all come check it out at least once and I swear you'll be hooked. By either the servers and bartenders, the food or even BOTH!
5	Great food! Great service. Fun waitresses and bartenders. Management is friendly, attentive, and grateful for your business. Fun atmosphere. Definitely a place to check out.
5	I'm surprised by some of the negative reviews for this place. I have been here twice and both times the food has been amazing. Haven't been here for the nightlife events but I hear Saturday nights get pretty packed with a cool crowd. I'll def be back!!!
1	GREAT MUSIC, HORRIBLE MANAGEMENT AND SERVICE!!!!!The 1 star that I awarded this place is for the music, best of bachata, reggaeton, salsa, and hip hop.  I can't lie the music had me going.  Here is where the rest of the rating actually begins....So we arrive at Coconuts to celebrate a friend's birthday.  She had already made reservations with Rafa for a booth and a bottle of Grey Goose for $200.  When we meet the hostess at the front and tell her that we reserved a booth and the bottle she proceeds to tell us that the booths have already been filled and that she is going to have to find us a table for 6 somewhere else in the place.  She finds us 3 small tables that she puts together and then we move on to the bottle service.  When we tell her that we had set up a bottle of Goose with Rafa for $200 she proceeds to tell us that they can only do a bottle of Smirnoff for $200 and that a bottle of Goose would be $400 more.  So what she is saying is that for a bottle of Goose we are going to have to pay $600!!! WTF?!  We only pay that amount if we are going to some place like Pure at Cesar's or XS at Encore!  You are a restaurant in Town Square south of the strip!She then goes and talks to her "Manager" and she comes back and says that she can do a bottle of Goose for $300.  What a coincidence.....I hate to imagine the suckers that actually pay $600 for a bottle of Goose at this place.  So we get our bottle and start enjoying tasty Goose and Soda, Goose and pineapple, and Goose and cranberry.  We get half way through our bottle and the hostess comes by and asks if we want to buy a 2nd one.  We say that we are good and for the next hour or so the hostess is hovering around our table watching us to make sure that we are continuing to drink.   Then the best thing happens....some door man looking guy comes up to us and says I see that you have 3 tables set up here, I am going to have to take 1 of them.  I'm like, "Excuse me?!"  His response, "I have 4 guys out front that want to buy 2 bottles and I am going to have to take the table.  I was like, "First of all our original table was given to someone else after we had made a reservation, 2nd we reserved and purchased a bottle of Goose for $200 and your hostess tried to make us pay triple the amount and made us pay an extra $100 for it, and 3rd of all I don't care if I bought 1 bottle or 10 if I make a reservation for table service it's reserved for the entire night for me.  I asked to speak to Rafa and the bouncer-looking guy said very lowly, "I am the assistant manager so I am the one who makes the call...."I ask him for his card and he blows me off.  Some assistant manager this is aaand they pack this club like a can of sardines and the bathroom has about a 30 minute wait.I have been to many clubs throughout the US and Mexico....I get bottle service regularly at these clubs and they know how to treat their guests.  I have never had a table taken away because the VIP host thinks he can make more money.  Bottom line the service and management of this place is a joke.  If you want to be treated like a real VIP and experience real bottle service I suggest you walk across the walk way and contact Jared at the Blue Martini!  They know how to treat their patrons.  Sufficed to say I will not be returning to Coconut's ever again.
5	Awesome food, great atmosphere.  Me and my girls had a blast!!!!
1	After looking for a place for dinner my girlfriend and I decided to give this place a try.  Before we entered I said this place looks empty. It was 7pm on a Monday night so we figured it might just be an off time. We decided to go in and we greeted and seated at a completely dark table, we asked to be moved to a table with more light. Just after another group was seated at the dark table and proceeded to use their phone flashlights to read the menus. After being disappointed that there are no free chips and salsa my girlfriend ordered tortilla soup, chicken taquitos, and I ordered the al pastor tacos.  I first tried the soup and thought it was disgusting, we both said that we make way better tortilla soup than this place. I grabbed a taquito and squeezed it and oil soaked out through the tortilla and onto the plate. Completely soaked in oil. Bland chicken inside. Although they were the best things we ordered I would never order them again. Shredded pork and a bland overly oil marinade. Nothing like traditional al pastor.  Margaritas were not "the best in the world" as advertised. Tasted like cheap tequila and sweet & sour with too much sweet.  Waitress was prompt at first but I think she was the only one in the restaurant and took her over 20 minutes after the food to check on us. We were done and waiting for a check for 10 of those minutes. The only reason I ate the food is because I was so hungry. After leaving I told my girlfriend I felt like I wanted to throw up that nasty food and go eat somewhere else.  Both of us left with our stomachs feeling like we were sick and she developed a head ache. The owners and managers were having a meeting at a table while we were there and had very negative vibes felt by us both without discussing it.  I noticed them checking out female customers and talking about them.  Very much the opposite of professionals. Oh yeah and one other thing they a song actually came on while we were there with the lyrics "the Mexican food really sucks here" I couldn't believe they would allow something like that to play there but it was very fitting. I think they were playing pandora or something because radio advertisements would come of every now and then. Also weird. If you like good, real, authentic Mexican food do not go you will be disappointed.
1	AWFUL!! Went for a wine n canvas event, never again will I return to coconuts or wine n canvas. The theme of the place is not really my thing since I don't wanna be on spring break when I go to a restaurant, but  whatever I won't knock them for that. I will talk about they're horrible drinks n food though. My $8 drink tasted like plain pineapple juice n my friends tasted like straight tequila, we ordered the same thing. I wasn't expecting the most amazing food going into this, but even for a place w flip flops nailed to the walls it was pretty bad. It had no flavor n the shrimp a friend ordered tasted spoiled. They advertise 1/2 off appetizers, but what they don't tell u ANYWHERE is that it only applies to ordering at the bar. Save ur time n money.
2	So... The food was okay but the place was gross and cheesy (in a bad way).the floor was dusty and dirty which made me wonder what is like where I can see. I won't be coming back.
4	This place is sooooo cute! The waitresses are dressed in tank tops and short as a uniform. If I was looking for a job, this would be my ideal place to work. I don't mind running around all day in shorts and flip flops. Besides the cuteness of this place, the food was also good! I had the enchilada del mar (talapia, lump crab, shrimp). YUMMY!!!
1	HORRIBLE FOOD AND HORRIBLE SERVICE -- But hey their female employees are all walking about with body parts sticking and pushing out and thinking they are ALL that!  Will NEVER go back to this establishment !
3	This is a review of their night club (Latino night) - I didn't try the food or anything else. Local ladies are free to get in, my husband had to pay $10. The atmosphere inside is kind of tropical, and dress code was business/party casual. The dance floor got crowded pretty quick. The music was very rhythmic and I couldn't stand still and danced the whole night. The crowed was mixed. Tequila shots are $8 each for a small shot, ugh how I hate the expensive drinks in Las Vegas. Anyway, it was nice to try out this place and we had a good time. Will I be back? Maybe.
5	I love this place!!!  Had a blast at the Wine and Canvas event painting and drinking some delicious margaritas!  Their food is great (nachos are so yummy!)...reasonably priced and the staff are really great!  If you are in Town Square stop by and have a margarita or sangria!
1	My friends and I went here for Happy hour.  It looked like a fun spot for a few drinks and food. We sat at the bar.  The bartender was friendly, that is about all the good I can say about this place.We were served with a dirty plate, the food was horrible.  We ordered chips and salsa, which was good.  The steak Quesadilla, Ceviche and taquitos were terrible. The margaritas were very weak.  I had a coupon so that is why we decided to try this place.  When the bill came they would not accept it for Happy Hour.  It does not say anything on the coupon about not using for Happy Hour.  The bill also had many mistakes, over charging on several items.  We will not be going back here, even though I still have my $25.00 off coupon.  It is not worth being served horrible food.
2	Honestly... any place that checks guys for weapons is a no go for me. Im not really good around thugs and hoodlems. Was a little weird.once inside I saw why.. its like tijuana meets southcentral LA. I also do not like to get shanked nor checked out like a piece of carne asada. Just saying...The margarita was disgusting sweet and barely any alhoohool with it. And it was way to expensive. Sorry.... I rather go to my favorite hole in the wall mexican restaurant than this place. At least I wont get shanked, robbed, raped, checked out, abducted or touched.
5	I had an amazing time here at coconuts! My family & I went in last night & tried the "mexican sampler" which had a little bit of all the appetizers! The food was incredible & the service was superb. I saw a few of the managers walking around asking how the service was. I am thoroughly impressed with my experience here & will definitely be back!!!!
2	Food was ok, after being asked if we wanted drinks three different times we were allowed to order. Nachos and a taco salad. Place was not busy but took way too long to get the food. Noticed that chips and salsa is 5 dollars.....good luck with that one. Guy filled water glasses regularly so that is something good. Oh yeah, a table that rocks a bit is one thing but our table was horrible. Must have a good two inch movement up and down.
2	Like Lolita's before it, I fear that Coconut's soon too will fail... A fate that they have brought on themselves.Walking into coconuts reminds me a of a tackier and cheesier version of Rainforest Cafe (and yes I said more tackier) The restaurant itself looks like a tropical run down beach shack. With fake palm trees, random flip flops on the wall, and a beach theme which Hollister Co. pulls infinitely better, Coconuts definitely deserves it's own page in book of 'How Not To Design A Restaurant.'The food was average but priced decently for Town Square. My 3 tacos with a side of beans and rice came out to be around $9. It could have been worse. The food itself was not bad, but wasn't impressive either. The service on the other hand was great, which is probably why this place isn't a one star. The manager (possibly owner) brought out the food and was incredibly helpful. Though I do find it odd that pretty much everyone who works here is required to wear short-shorts and flip flops.From my understanding the place turns into a College/Frat party area with cheap drinks, loud EDM and latin music on certain nights. I guess the nightlife aspect could be appealing but I would definitely pass on another Coconut's dining experience.
2	This is about College Night every Thursday. If you want to be thrown into a crowd of strangers consisting mostly of boppy eighteen year olds' who actually have the chance to come into this bar on this day only, then this is the place for you. I mean, I went because I have a lot of 20 year old friends, so I like to take them dancing from time to time until they reach the age of opportunity here in Las Vegas. For the most part I had a great time because my goal of the night was to dance and we did. I did not buy any drinks because, that night, the only 21+ was me and I was driving... how does that happen, not sure, but it was OK. I did purchase a tiny 12 oz water, twice, because it was HOT in there with all those people. However this tiny bottle of water does not do justice to my hydration process, and it was $4! I mean I would be OK with a regular 16oz bottle being $4, but not this tiny little thing. The first DJ was OK, but the midnight DJ's were awesome. They are called the Bombmakers and they play at other clubs, so it was cool to see them there. The music for the most part is good, it was just that first DJ did not know how to transition at all.. fail. Bombmakers..win! This will probably bet the only night I will ever go, until those friends reach their 21st birthdays. I do not find it cool to just grab a drink.  It is 10$ for gentlemen and ladies are free (another good thing about being a girl), but in reality I would never want to bring a guy friend because it wouldn't be worth that $10 fee. Like I said, good for those not of age here in the fabulous Las Vegas and it is at Town Square which I love that place, but that is all it is.
1	WORST SERVICE EVER!!!!My daughter and I came here to try it out.Came in and got seated quickly and that's where it ended.15 minutes wait to have a server come to the table15 minutes wait to get the drinks we ordered15 minutes wait to get a refill on water15 minutes wait to get our food15 minutes wait to get a "to go" box after we ate15 minutes wait to get our bill....and only took us 10 minutes to eat.  All this waiting made the food suck.Calculate the TOTAL wait time (and I'm being nice with averaging 15 minutes):  It was over 1 1/2 hours of wait time.And what makes this even worst is that it was slow night...not much customers were there when we came.It sucks that Restaurant.com forces an 18% tip.  I wouldn't of gave anything!!!!!
2	Walked inside and liked the change from Lolita's previous decor. We were there at about 3:00 on Sunday. About 1/3 of the restaurant was occupied. They told us there would be a 10 min wait!!! Confusing. I wanted to try this place. But not gonna wait when it's not busy. Had to leave. Found I love burgers 100 ft away;) so far so good.
1	Terrible...service took forever...food was cold, meat very chewy and over cooked...no flavor...place was filthy looking, tables so wobbly almost spilt drinks just moving, cigarette burns in booths. I would never step foot in this place again. Should be closed!!!
2	Decor was nice but the food needs flavor. If you like bland Mexican this is for you.
3	Stopped in here with some friends Friday at 9PM. I had been before but just for drinks and stood at the bar. This time we wanted some food and a few rounds. Waitress was pretty quick to ask us what we wanted, but our drink orders were delivered very slowly, especially for the place being nearly empty. I ordered the Ranchero burrito which was okay; it was mostly peppers, the steak was overcooked, and it didn't have enough sauce. While the drinks are expensive, they don't skimp on them. The Jack and Coke I ordered was strong, and our shots of Patron were practically doubles. One of my friends ordered the cheesecake and about 15 minutes later we found out they were out so they suggested the flan instead. After about an hour never receiving that and asking for it 3 times, they finally brought it out and said they would comp it for their mistake. But when we finally got the bill, they had charged us for the cheesecake. The waitress offered to split our check which I appreciated. Overall they were friendly, but not particularly quick. It's a nice place to hangout, but the food and service is just okay, Price was a little high, drinks were $8-$15 and food was $10-$15 per plate. I think I would go back, but I wouldn't expect much.
5	This is for the bar scene only.  I stopped by pre-nightlife around 9:30 with some friends to grab a couple of drinks.  The bartenders were all very quick, one of my girlfriends ordered one of their specialty margaritas and it was yummy!!!  I stuck to a boring vodka soda but all of our drinks were nice and strong and when it came time for our second round more than one bartender was offering to pour it for you.  It's always nice when the bartender fights to get your attention rather than the other way around, hehehehe.  We checked out the outside porch also which I give them props for.   I always love any place that has a patio option. It was fun people watching outside on a weekend at town square and I would definitely come back to check them out again for a bite to eat while shopping.
2	I went here one night with my friends and we heard advertisements about 2$ beers for guys and free drinks for girls with wristbands. We get there they physically hand us a flyer for all of the advertisements and still wouldn't give us the deal!!!! It was ridiculous, I literally had a flyer with the info in my hand! Then all the bar tenders were rude and also this place won't decide If it's a lame night club or a food/bar joint. Get real. First time and never again.the only thing good was Garrett sliger unfortunately he know longers works for the restuarnt
4	This applies for Happy Hour only. Picked this place out to meet with my friends for Girls' Night Out. I was in town for for a few days, and apparently this place was renovated. Yelp reviews were mixed but decided to go anyway. Service was okay (server didn't hover, but it was tough to get her attention when we needed her), drinks were okay (strong red sangria) , but the food was great! We ordered multiples of the ceviche and chicken taquitos. Those things are yummy!
2	Coconuts has POTENTIAL if they would just pay attention to the details.  They better FIX IT quick before they go bye bye like many of the restaurants in Town Square.   Here's a punch list to FIX:1. Give FREE chips and salsa for dinner and lunch patrons.2. Bar Drinks should not take FOREVER to arrive and then be wrong and then take FOREVER to replace.  (get a NEW bartender who is GOOD)3. If you offer 2 kinds of rice,  put the one the guest ordered on the plate and don't give attitude when you make a mistake.4. Cook the rice all the way.  the flavor was delicious, but the uncooked kernels in my teeth not so much.5. Don't be stingy with the avocado in the ceviche,  that sliver is pointless.6. Remove that funky taste in the albondiga soup.7. Green Enchiladas are not supposed to be SPICY, and enchiladas are supposed to be smothered in cheese.8. Keep up the good work on the beans,  those were good. 9.  Hire some waiters with brains.Overall everything was just on the edge of being good.   I hope they can figure it out.Good Luck!
3	Absolutely not as bad as some of the reviews here suggest.Despite always being keen for some other options at Town Square, wife and I were scared off by the negative Yelp vibe which has ranged between 2 and 2.5 star average and only recently has climbed to 3. I would say the three stars is just about right, bordering on 3.5.We went during the happy hour which was uncrowded and the food was more than decent. Service was fine, too.The only thing I would suggest is to get in line with the industry standard of free chips and salsa (keep the guac as an optional extra that you pay for) and possibly do something about the chips which I wasn't so keen on. They had a bit of an oily taste and seemed just the wrong side of being overcooked. Perhaps try a different oil or change it out more often -- I don't know. The salsa could be more interesting and I would love to see a bean dip.Overall, though, the happy hour specials on appetizers was a great bargain. I enjoyed my wings and nachos for a decent price.I'm not sure I would seek Coconuts out, but if I am at Town Square and fancy a bit of Mexican, I see no reason not to return. It's not remarkable, but not terrible, either -- get some better chips and salsa and they are a solid 4.
1	So I went here on a very busy night and service took seemingly a lifetime and after the 1st drinks (took 40 min).. went on a slow night.. nearly the same experience my water sat empty for 30 min as I ate my spicy food.. I had to barrow my partners water.. lame! On the plus side the food was okay!
1	This restaurant is located in town square, upstairs across from the movie theaters and across from Ranch house restaurant.Went in for lunch. Not very busy with only 5 tables occupied.The hostess went to seat us at the lousiest  spot in the room with most of the room empty as its a pretty big place. So we asked to be seated at a booth. Wow this seemed to really piss her off and she brought us to a booth pinned against the rail next to a pillar. So sitting down I see holes in the booth seats like cigarette burn holes. Really?? You can't even smoke in there and the restaurant is like a month or 2 new.The decor is kinda like beach and swap meet furnishings coming together in a bad way. The booth table top was Way too high where your plate would be like chest high. Very awkward. I'll post a couple of pics that give the flava.  The menu looked and sounded good but I couldn't smell anything and the vibe was bad, so we left before eating.Normally i give a second shot, but too many things wrong in a short time. Not worth my time nor do they deserve my money. I won't return
4	Happy Hour!!!We went for Happy Hour specials, how can you turn down a $10 bucket of sangria?! They also have half off some appetizers and other drink specials.We sat outside on the patio, perfectly protected from the wind and since it's on the second floor there were no screaming kids and shoppers right next to us. It's nice to get a little drunk in peace right?Great fast service, food came a little too close to appetizer but it was slow and we did order all at once. Food is 4/5. Come for the drinks and appetizers mainly. It is a little spendy but what can you expect in Vegas? It was appropriate pricing for the venue & location. I will for sure be back again for a nice cold drink!
5	We love Coconuts. The staff is very attentive and friendly, and the food is awesome! Definately try the fish tacos! - the best in Vegas!!
4	Coconuts Beach Bar...went on a Wednesday night and it was dead. Of course it was 30 minutes before closing when we showed up but the bartender was super nice and hospitable. Used our free dessert from checking in and got the churros....YUMMY! to eat with our margaritas.The establishment was very well maintained and looked clean. I will definitely be back again on my next visit to Vegas!
4	Pineapple Mojitos! Yum! Just what I needed on this hot day!I was actually there in early June and found a coupon on Restaurant.com. I was worried that they would give me second hand treatment, but they were just great!The shrimp tacos were wonderful! The drinks! Yum (as stated above)! The service was pretty good.All the servers are dressed in beach style and all were pretty friendly and helping each other out.  Definitely worth giving a try.
1	Walked out bad service no attention after 10 minutes at table then another ten with no drinks. Trust the reviews don't go
2	Went on Thursday around 6 pm and there was hardly anyone there.  The beer was cold, the guacamole burger was good but I found the rest of the food to be a little bland.  There was a mistake on the order and they fixed it right away.  We sat at the bar and the bartender was friendly.  The seats/tables could use some TLC.  Probably would not return.
4	Great atmosphere especially in the early afternoon. Very chill with the potential to be a great party place. Ordered the classic Mojito and enjoyed every sip on a hot Vegas day. Prices are reasonable and the staff is not only easy on the eyes but very kind and helpful.
1	Went for lunch yesterday.  We had a group of four for lunch and it took over an hour to get our food.  We had to send back the Chile Rellenos as ithey were cold in the middle.  Also, had to send back ice tea that looked and tasted quite weak.  The server did not seem to know how to brew stronger ice tea...really.  The best thing I can say is that our beverages were refilled three times before our food came.  Overall, food and service not good enough for lunch.  It might be best for them to not open for lunch and or just be a bar that opens 4pm till?  It sadly reminds me my past experiences at Cadillac Ranch in Town Square.
1	Actually, I haven't eaten there...I lived New Mexico for 8 years and was excited to try "The Best New Mexican Food" in Las Vegas, but after sitting down I was discusted to find that the table was sticky from food and drinks.  We arrived right at opening and were the first patrons to sit.  My wife wiped the table with a wet-wipe from her mom arsenal and turned it over to find it black with filth.  Normally, a table with a little leftover food doesn't bother me, but this table was disgusting.  If they can't wipe their tables clean before they open for business, I can only imagine what their kitchen must be like.We left before even placing our drink order and headed over to another nearby restaurant.  I will never go back.  Too bad, because the menu items sounded good.
4	Went a week or so a go. Place was empty but food was good and I love Pacifico beer and they have it on tap there(that is enough for me to like). Service was very slow considering the place was empty.
1	The only thing good about our visit was our waiter Jason... It took the hostesses awhile to realize we were there and when they finally seated us they didn't alert any waiter that we were there... It took awhile for somebody to come, and he made our experience pretty fun :) I got over the horrible customer service when he was so nice and friendly! Gave us good recommendations and we started to have a good time. We got there about 10 and the club opened around 11 or so... This woman came up to us that didn't address herself as an employee copped attitude and told us to leave "because dinner was over" after she sat people at our table... We'll probably never be back... Too many employees standing and messing around not tending to their tables... Hostesses feeling up on each other and messing around instead of making sure they're customers are helped... Rude club hostess at night doesn't know what customer service was if it slapped her in the face... So many complaints on here and obviously nobody cares so... Jason was very nice but overall experience= the place sucks... WON'T BE BACK...
1	I'm writing this review as I'm sitting here wondering why I even decided to try this place.  First off, I was greeted by a girl who seemed nice enough, though she was wearing a bikini top that pushed her boobs up to her eyeballs.  It's kinda a clue that your shorts are too tight when you're a skinny girl, yet you muffin-top over your cut-off shorts.   She ended up being our waitress. To be fair, she seems really nice, and is really trying to please us (maybe since I complained about the horrific iced tea).ICED TEA: My husband and I ordered iced tea which is our usual drink at any restaurant. The tea that we received was so opaque, it could have passed for Sam Adams beer. Ironically, it was served on a beer glass. Any iced tea drinker will tell you that you should ALWAYS be able to see through you tea, otherwise it is over brewed and ridiculously bitter. I sent it back and requested water instead. She apologized and said that their iced tea brewer was broken, and they had brewed that tea through a coffee machine. REALLY?? Who does that?  Later she brought me a fresh tea (after I received my water), and asked me to sample it to see if it was good. This time, the tea was very pale and tasted weak. I told her it was better but probably needed to be brewed longer. She proceeded to tell me that they had just tried to add water to the tea in the back.  (oh great....)DECOR: This place is definitely a college kid hang out. Two of the big screen tvs played a looped video of what was presumably parties at the restaurant. The top of our table had decal stickers of strippers pole dancing. Definitely not a kid friendly scene.  Luckily we didn't bring out kids that day. However, a family of 5 came in and were seated at the booth next to us. They had two young kids. Personally I wouldn't have felt comfortable bringing my kids in, but to each their own...SERVICE: Like I said, the under-dressed greeter was our waitress. Seem seemed nice, from what little interaction we had. She and the only other waitress in the joint were busy flirting with the table of 6 college guys that were seated in the covered patio/outside area on the other side of the restaurant from us.FOOD: The ceviche we ordered came on top of 3 tortilla chips that had gotten soggy from the juice. Not fun to eat, was very messy. I don't remember what my husband had, but I ordered the shrimp tacos. It was soggy, gross.  I picked the shrimp out of it and left the rest on the plate, completely dissatisfiedSUMMARY: I left the place still hungry and boiling mad about my whole experience. Not one time did were we approached by a manager after the whole ice tea debacle. It's not like the manager didn't know, since I had watched our waitress bring the ice tea over to her and speak to her about it. Poor service, poor management and poor quality of food. I wouldn't EVER come back, even if I was stone-drunk, which I guess is who they cater to. If people bothered to take their beer goggles off, they would definitely have morning-after remorse.
3	We were at Town Square looking for something different since Yardhouse was packed.Walked by Coconuts and it reminded us a bit of Cabo, so we decided to give it a try.  We were a party of 3.Service- We had a server who kept apologizing for the lack of service and making us wait so long.  He also never checked on our table after the food was served to see if we needed anything. We had to get the attention of a mgr to get refills on our drinks.  They tried to make up for it with a free desert and said it was because of a couple of large parties, but it looked more like lack of communication and mgmt didn't really care.Food- burritos were actually pretty good and so was the desert.  That's the only reason for as many stars.Cocktails- Drinks have too much ice for the price.  Moral of the story, drink beer not mojitos or margaritas, similar to Mexico.Hopefully they figure it out.  This is the 3rd restaurant in that location.  Sink or succeed.  Service is the name of the game.
5	Had a great experience here.  Came in for lunch with my family.  The server was great!  He was attentive, friendly and positive.  The food was great!  We will definately come back when we are in Vegas again.
1	This place serves mediocre food at best at an expensive price.  Refried beans are watery looks like they basically too a can of pinto beans and poured them on the plate. Chips and salsa costs an additional $5 even with a meal.  Not sure how they are managing to stay open.  Waitresses look like they came from Hooters.  There are better places for Mexican and lots of better places to eat and drink at Town Square!  Skip this one!
2	Mahi Mahi fish tacos were great. Server had an attitude and was very very slow.
2	My husband and I came here right before seeing a movie. We chose it based on the fact it is right next to the movie theater. The staff was great, prompt with seating and taking our order. Yummy watermelon margarita! The food...... Not so great. I got the chopped salad but couldn't eat more than two bites because the dressing was far too spicy. The waiter was nice enough to substitute my salad with a quesadilla, which was nothing great, but at least my mouth wasn't on fire. My husband got the rancho burrito which wasn't too bad. When we go back to the movies, we'll go somewhere else for dinner. I wouldn't suggest this place to anyone.
2	This review is for the nightclub portion of Coconuts.The entire layout of this place is super annoying and difficult to navigate. The quality of the people there wasn't as high as I was hoping for either, not to mention the music was total crap. If you want a nightclub, probably go check out one of the million casino night clubs on the strip.
1	Awful restaurant! This place USED TO BE AWESOME when it was Lolita's. The new-age Mexican food they offered was flavorful and every dish was a culinary experience. Since this place became Coconuts the food has turned to crap. Everything we tried was overcooked, under seasoned and swimming in tasteless sauce.  Tables were sticky and dirty, not tablecloths, and poor service given.  Do yourself a favor and do not come to eat here. It's a waste of time and money.
1	I saw the Yelp review but came here anyway with coworkers as they wanted to. I ordered the shrimp enchiladas (as was mentioned on yelp). I asked the waiter if it had corn or flour tortillas, was told that it was corn, however it was flour when I received the dish. The possibly worst spanish rice I have ever had, it wasn't seasoned at all and tasted more like it just had butter in it. My coworkers black beans were not cooked all the way through and she said they were crunchy, although mine were fine. The "red" sauce on the enchiladas tasted canned. They did not have fresh brewed iced tea and only served Pepsi products, I am a Coke fan myself. I opted for water. Chips do not come automatically to the table, if you would like to order them as an "appetizer" I think it was $4.  And absolutely no heat to the dish at all.We had a coupon otherwise I would have been highly upset as it cost $13 for the lunch dish.  However, with a choice I would not go back here even with a coupon. On a positive note although I did not look at the drink list, I have heard that they have a lengthy drink list, which will hopefully work to their benefit as in my opinion the food will not.
5	Had a burrito here for lunch. Checking in with yelp also scored me a free desert. Really clean place to eat and a great break from the outside heat.
3	Update 10/15. Visited again and the food was pretty decent this time and the service was superb. I am upgrading from one star to three stars. Awful restaurant! This place USED TO BE AWESOME when it was Lolita's. The new-age Mexican food they offered was flavorful and every dish was a culinary experience. Since this place became Coconuts the food has turned to crap. Everything we tried was overcooked, under seasoned and swimming in tasteless sauce.  Tables were sticky and dirty, not tablecloths, and poor service given.  Do yourself a favor and do not come to eat here. It's a waste of time and money.
2	I was here a few months ago and I really wanted to give them 3 stars because our waiter was very friendly. Shout out to that guy, whoever you are. I did appreciate you doing your best to accomodate our group, but it just wasn't enough to make up for the rest of the experience. The girls working at the front barely looked old enough to be there, and were about as knowledgable about the happy hour policy of the restaurant as a german shephard I had seen walking outside earlier that day. I think they were paid to stand there and look cute because that's about all they were good for ( no offense girls, whoever you were)I suppose if I were rating this place solely as a bar, then I wouldn't have to be so harsh. I had a happy hour priced Stone beer for about $4. Not bad I guess. And the interior looks kinda neat and tropical and what have you. I suppose you could double your fun by showing up in a hawaiin shirt.Unfortunately, we did try alot of the food here and I certainly was not impressed. I suppose the most tolerable of the food we had was the beef tacos. Kinda tasty and bite  sized. I really did not care for the ceviche?? [Is that how its spelled?]. Well I have tasted it before and had much better. The chips were very mediocre and the guacamole--I have serious doubts about whether that was freshly made. It tasted like the stuff that comes out of a packet in the refrigerated section at the supermarket. The value of the food wasn't bad but if you are in the mood for happy hour eats, there are so many better options out there. Sorry coconuts...you just didn't do it for me.
2	Stopped in for lunch today as a backup to another place we were planning to eat that was closed for lunch.  I had read the mixed reviews, but was just looking for some stable decent pseudo-Mexican fare at this point.The short list of deficiencies include burnt tasting tortilla chips, boring salsa, dry rice, and extremely bland al pastor tacos.  The canned pineapple chunks that were added for garnish were the most exciting ingredient.The guacamole wasn't bad, so props for that.  The service was good.  Our waiter was prompt and stopped by frequently for refills and to check on us.  He earned the 2nd star for them today.I guess my expectations weren't too heavily skewed.  Definitely doesn't trump any of the taco shop chains or the massive corporate competitors.  I think this will be my first and last visit.
3	Review for drinks only.I was in for Happy Hour, the place was pretty dead, but it was a Monday. I had to try one of their specialty cocktails. We had a Coconut Mojito and a Purple Bikini Martini, a little pricey (9-10$ each) but we had coupons which made it easier to swallow. They were okay drinks, nothing special. We opted to go cheaper and just got beer and well drinks (BOGO) afterward. The service was okay. Nothing to complain or rave about. I hate that they don't serve complimentary chips and salsa but I knew that before going. The food we saw looked okay but we had eaten already so skipped food. I really have no need to go again, so I probably won't.
2	Very disappointed.. I am part of the VIP membership club I tried to plan a party and never heard anything back.. Our drinks took forever.. Food was decent.. the server said the VIP host would come talk to me about the issue with the party and she never did.. We were over charged for a drink and their specialty drinks sucked.. I never finished either one of mine.. I ordered 2 and the server never asked if anything was wrong.. It was a girls night and there were 6 of us and none of us will ever come back and will tell our friends about it.............
4	HAPPY HOUR!My cousin and I were looking for a place to go in town square for happy hour and we wondered into Coconuts. We had so much fun! Our bartender Adam was awesome we was very attentive and had a great attitude. Everyone was friendly, It seemed like a lot of the people in the bar area were locals who frequent the place. Although we didn't really eat here, the drinks were good and cheap BOGO and the chips and salsa were great!***Adam told us on Sat nights they have salsa dancing, we are planning on checking it out:)
1	Early New Years Dinner....BIG MISTAKE...The only thing that was good was the service..the margarita was a joke,the liquid looked clear? No taste,I had a taco salad ,it had almost no lettuce. I should have  complained but it would have ruined what would have been a nice New Years Eve....The only thing that was good,it gave me the first laugh of the New Year..IT WAS A JOKE ! ! ! Next time I will go to Dell Taco.
2	Our server jason was awesome we had a movie to get to and only had a half hour and he made it happen , wish the food was as good as the service , rice is bland and the beans are terrible need to give it some more flavor , fish tacos were ok , and my girlfriend had the enchilada and meatball soup was really good , but same complaint rice ans beans are terrible , overall wasnt too bad though .
2	Stopped in after a movie on Saturday night with a couple of friends.  The staff was very nice and attentive.The food was average and my order came out wrong the first time.  The waitress took it back and they corrected the problem but by the time it was returned to me it was lukewarm.   The food was ok but nothing great.The drinks were pretty good and average priced for Town Square.I was surprised how dead it was for a Saturday night.  At about 10:30 there was only one other table occupied.  It looked like they were setting up for some after hours activity but I get the feeling there weren't going to be a lot of people showing up. On the way out 2 of us went out the wrong way and the douchey bouncer barked about us going out the wrong door rather than opening the tension barrier and saying "Have a nice night ladies."  But I guess one doesn't need common sense or good manners to be a bouncer (you are representing the establishment after all).  All in all the place isn't terrible but it certainly isn't something I would recommend to others.  I also don't think its going to be in business a whole lot longer.
1	Scary.  Dirty.  Overpriced, bad drinks.  Rude wait staff.  Waste of time.  I'm surprised it's still open.  And we're pretty easy to please - from fancy joints to dive bars.
1	Stay away! Dirty, poorly managed and just an overall sense of "I don't wanna be here".
4	Visited this place for the first time just before new years.  Food was awesome...service very good!  Will go there again when I am in Vegas.
4	Had the 4 foot burrito here (it was free for our group, ask me how to get hooked up) and a few drinks. The beverages are a little bit more than standard off-strip establishments but not by much.Chips and salsa will cost you $5 which is odd for a cantina to not just give them to you for free, but not a big deal. Chips are freshly made. Plenty of flavored and specialty margaritas available to choose from.Service staff is on point (it was a slow Monday night after Super Bowl Sunday) and very attentive. They were playing some pretty sweet tunesPlace looked clean enough to me, I don't understand these folks saying it was dirty. Overall was a solid dining experience!
1	Where can I start with this place? I don't even know where to begin...First of all, it took us a while to get seated for lunch, and the restaurant was not full by any means.Where was the host to greet us when we walked in? I don't know, but after we stood at the front for a while, we finally got someone to seat us.It took a while for our server to come over. Not sure if we were forgotten, but we sat there staring, again waiting to get someone's attention. We finally had someone come over, and we placed our drink order. When our drinks were brought back, I asked for a suggestion on what to get for lunch since it was my first time dining there. The answer was "everythings good." Seriously? Wow.I settled on the bean and cheese burrito, which at any other mexican establishment I would have loved. This burrito was bland, no flavor, and the refried beans were hard and pasty, kind of like they had been sitting there for a while. The cheese was not even melted and it was lukewarm. Eww. When I told the server she didn't really have a reaction, no I'm sorry, nothing. No manager ever came to the table, but I'm not surprised since I've heard this place was run poorly, and it shows.Food was disgusting, drinks over priced for the amount of alcohol they claim to put in them. Staff was unattentive and not friendly at all. They seemed to all hate their jobs, and man does it show. I don't care how much they may advertise on facebook or around town, this place is poorly run, and no one seems to care. Skip this place, go right across to Blue Martini. They take better care of you, and have much better attitudes.
1	This was the worst meal I can ever remember having! The only positive part of the meal was the waitress's positive attitude.We ordered a Escalante Margarita (their version of a Cadillac) and a Blood Orange Margarita. The Escalante went back because it was too sweet. The Blood Orange tasted like punch, but I decided to just deal with it.We ordered a ceviche (Shrimp and Ahi) appetizer. It was really shrimp and avocado in a wine glass with V8 Juice! Sent it back!We ordered Beef Fajitas to share. Asked for the meat to be Medium Rare, what arrived was medium dead! They included only three cold stale tortillas for the two of us to share. We asked for some more tortillas and they brought three more, only this time they were the way tortillas are supposed to be. The meat was way over cooked and drowned in oil (maybe the lifeguard chair in the entry way was for the guy responsible for preventing drownings, but he was off for the night). (BTW, they tried to charge $.75 for the extra 3 tortillas)Because we checked in on Yelp, there was a free desert offer. We ordered the non-coconut Flan. We received a medicine tasting coconut Flan. The waitress took it back to get us the one without coconut, but came back saying that the kitchen does not know the difference between the ones with coconut and without. (Really, hope they know the difference between rat poison and pepper!) We were offered another desert choice but had already given up and free still  sounded too expensive!With all the problems the waitress told us that the manager told her to only charge us for the drinks but did not bother to come and speak with us. (The comped food bought them no good will, as the manager did not feel the need to do better or hear from his customers! I give this place 3 months before they  close their doors.)More reviews at http://www.thevegasevent.com
1	This has to be the worst Mexican food I have ever had and the only reason I went was because my husband kept wanting to go here. He was as disappointed as I was. They charge for chips and salsa and it was really bad. They wont be here long and if they are it will be how they may cater to the college students.
4	Fabulous drinks, delicious food.  Timing out of the kitchen could improve.  Our server Kelley was fun.
2	Can't say that I'm nuts for Coconuts Beach Bar & Mexican Grill. Although I visit Town Square quite often, this was my first time here. And this wasn't by choice, but because it was for a couple of my girlfriends' birthday. What's funny is that this bar wasn't their first choice either - they wanted to have their shindig at Miller's Ale House but couldn't because it was packed for the UFC fight. This place is super roomy. But as roomy as it is, there are not many places to sit down. It's probably because they hold a lot of college parties with bumpin' music and whatnot. Our party stuck close to the bar. The bar itself is pretty large in size, but there was only one guy running around serving drinks. Maybe there was another bartender but his presence was not known. I ordered the watermelon margarita for myself, the classic margarita and a pineapple malibu for the birthday girls. The three came out to $26. I thought this was way pricey for what we got. The pineapple malibu was served in a small plastic cup. The two margaritas were served in margarita glasses, but the rims weren't salted. I can't say anything about the classic margarita since I didn't get to taste it, but the watermelon margarita tasted pretty bland. It definitely had me scratching my head hoping for a swig of tequila on my next sip. The pink color was pretty and all, but it tasted like a single jolly rancher melted down in a full glass of water. There are advertisements all over town square for their "4 foot burrito". Sounds cool, but I hear it doesn't taste very good. From what I hear, you have to have 10 people in your party in order for them to serve it. Speaking of advertisements, there are pre-movie commercials that play in the theaters for Coconuts. If you've seen this, you know there are two girls dressed in teeny bikinis holding coconuts enticing people to come for food and drinks. I was there on a Saturday night and there were no signs of girls in bikinis. Sorry to break it to all you boys but you might as well go to Blue Martini next door for hottie bartenders, if that's what you're looking for!
1	Was invited to join a group of friends for a 4 foot Burrito meal for 10, which was given as a promotion. What a mistake!The burrito was served on a large cutting board ( the best part of the meal) As for the filling, which was SUPPOSED to be beef/chicken, it was primarily rice and beans. If paying full price($50) one would be very upset. The salsa and chips was $5 per small bowl, the red salsa was flat and tasteless, the salsa verde was not much better.Drinks were expensive, $7 draught beers. Happy hour was 2 for 1 which was a reasonable price.The decor was very interesting, even entertaining.As we left, I tried to comment to the manager about the lack of meat in the 4' Burrito, He tried to get me to believe there was 42 oz of meat in it. No way!The promotion seems to be a ploy to have a party of ten buy the obligatory drinks in a desperate attempt to keep this place open. Don't bother. There are many other places nearby with better beer selections and way better food. The staff was very friendly but slow. Maybe that was the laidback beach atmosphere they were trying to create. My advice for them would be to dress up their resumes.
4	This place was clean and the food was good. It is very affordable considering where its located. I mean come on 7 bucks for nachos as an appetizer and it could feed 3! To me that's a great deal. The fajitas are pretty cool..they sprinkle tequila on them and catch them on fire at your table. Overall a great experience.
4	I was back at Town Square this weekend. Coconuts is closed.
4	The food is delicious - not super authentic it's more Americanized Mexican than anything but that's ok. What really struck me was the staff; the service was great! We actually won a 4 foot burrito - which we had no clue as to what to do with so we gave it away - nevertheless it is an interesting concept to give out prizes at a restaurant/bar. We came back another night to party and the bartenders were fun and knowledgeable. The drinks were delicious but the music could use a little variation. The music was primarily Spanish which is fun but not for the entire time.
1	This location is CLOSED for business.
2	Mediocre at best. Everything tasted bland and precooked. I had the chicken enchiladas and my daughter had the three cheese enchiladas, and in both cases the sauces had very little flavor. Although the total bill wasn't over the top expensive, around $24 for two entrees without drinks (we had water), and they don't provide free chips and salsa--you can order them separately for $5, it was too much for the flavors (or lack of) we got. We both wished we'd just left Town Square and gone to a fast food place. It was kind of a letdown to an otherwise fun day of a movie and shopping. The decor looked like it would be a fun place, but the overall mood of the staff and customers was subdued and kind of a bummer. We won't return.
3	Food was flavored well.   We had good service and attentive manager.  Food could have been warmer.
1	OMG staff super slow and rude, food is disgusting. I will never step a foot in here again and wouldn't recommend you do either.
