4	I went to Bosnia to visit friends in September and loved it, so I was intrigued by this place. It is legit-- the cevapci (small sausages) were really good and the bread it came with was awesome. When I was ordering I was torn because they also have burek, which is basically a pie with meat or cheese and is delicious. (Next time I'm in Phoenix I guess...) They also have Bosnian coffee-- yum.Check this place out for a little BiH in the states.
5	I'm always a little nervous going to places like this. The same reason I love them--they are geared towards the immigrant community--can also lead to stares that never cease throughout one's meal as the rest of the crowd tries to figure out if you are part of the community somehow, and if not, why did you come?When my friend and I first walked in to Cafe Sarajevo, the record skidded off the player so to speak. All the middle-aged Bosnian men smoking at the bar turned around as did the crew of Bosnian teens. Thankfully, the owner quickly saw our timid looks and came over with a big smile and a lot of information and recommendations about Bosnian cuisine. The stares stopped. I ordered an excellent chicken sandwich on this incredibly thick, rich Bosnian bread called Lepinja, while I tried some pretty good Bosnian soda. The portions were huge. Bosnian television played the whole time. For desert, most of the selections available were classical French pastry. In addition to the amazing food, the small cafe also includes a small selection of imported Bosnian goods for purchase. Bosnian food is hard to find even in the New Yorks and L.A.'s of the world, so take full advantage!
5	I dated this gypsy con artist chick for awhile who was from Bosnia. She took me here a few times and pretty much blew my mind. I had never had anything quite like it and she assured me it was authentic. From what I understand, you would be hard-pressed to find anything so authentic anywhere else in the US. She even knew the owner (at least I think she was the owner) pretty well. As a tiny grocery store, they have some really fantastic items that I've never found elsewhere. From candy to cured meats, it's all pretty impressive. As a restaurant, the food is great. It's all very rich and pretty accessible for American palates. They serve Turkish coffee which is this pretty amazing mud.Ambiance here is a little third world, but that's part of the experience. I felt pretty welcome, but I was being escorted by an insider. I have found it a little intimidating to return by myself (plus, it's just really kinda far), but as friendly as they are I can't imagine I'd be beaten and dragged into the back or anything... though I don't know why I just thought of that as a possibility. Hmm... I guess it's cuz there's a bit of a mafia vibe here. I can't explain it.
5	A couple of nights ago, a friend & I were looking for a place to have dinner, so I headed for Yelp.  Looked in my friend's neighborhood, and found Sarajevo  Saw good reviews, so that's where we went, since neither one of us had ever had Bosnian food.  GOOD CALL!When we walked in, we noticed that we appeared to be the only non-Bosnian people there.  This little nondescript hole-in-the-wall only seats about 20 people.  Our waiter patiently explained the menu and made what turned out to be *excellent* suggestions.  However, the portions were so big, we both took boxes of leftovers home.They weren't busy, so we're a little nervous -- we want this place to succeed, because we want to keep going back for more.I've already recommended Sarajevo to some friends.UPDATE:   My latest visit (last night), I had the Gyro Sammich.  Serious YUM!This time, we we the only customers in the place.  The food is soooo good, and the people are so nice, WHY aren't you Yelpers doing your part?  ;-)Go there.  Fill this place up.  Eat.  Enjoy.I have selfish reasons for wanting this Sarajevo Cafe to be full of customers.  No, I don't own a piece of it.  I like the food, and I want to know that it's doing well, so I will know that it's there.  This is seriously good food, people.  Your stomach will tell you that I told you the truth.
4	You have not lived until you have had Cafe Sarajevo's sausage sandwiches. I had a lot of Bosnian friends in high school, and one kids mom used to make these for us all the time but damn, this place does it right. It's a hole in the wall, order at the counter, but it is cheap, and delicious. Lunch for two 16 bucks with drinks. Can't beat that many places other than Arby's. I strutted what Bosnian I do know, which isn't much, but was enough to help make change for American money and order my sandwich in the right language.
5	Vegetarians need not apply; the only salad you will find here is a pile of grilled onions!  Seriously, this place is comfort food heaven.  I ordered a chicken sandwich, a large cevapi (which I can only think means "delicious spicy meat fingers" in Bosnian) sandwich, a cheese pita, and a spinach pita.  I can't really put my finger on what makes the food so good, other than it's straight up comfort food that sticks to your ribs and makes you wish all pants came with elastic waistbands.The restaurant itself is out of this world; no seriously, it's like walking into some small Bosnian hole-in-the-wall.  What it lacks in amenities it makes up in character; you've got soccer playing on the TV and this 70's eastern European techno playing in the background while a bunch of men chat away in the back of the shop.  The best way to describe it is Star Wars Cantina scene meets National Geographic.  Don't worry about feeling like an outsider, nobody pays attention to the confused and worried look on your face unless it's the gracious and friendly host.  ;)Anyway, back to the food.  The chicken sandwich was perfectly seasoned and cooked, while the meaty Bosnian sausages put Jimmy Dean and his family to shame.  I recommend using the Kobayashi method on these dishes; meat first, bread second.  Oh, and don't forget to ask for some ajvar (tart red-pepper sauce) to dress your sausages with.  The bread shouldn't be ignored though since it is thick, rich, and hearty.  The pitas are not pitas in the Middle-Eastern/Greek sense, they're more like stuffed fillo pies and they're just as delicious as the rest of the entrees.  By the way, the portions are quite large and make a Hungry Man frozen dinner look (and taste) like a McD's Happy Meal.  Actually, if McD could make their McNuggets even remotely taste like Sarajevo's cevapi, they would rule the world.In all seriousness though, this is simply awesome comfort food at an uber affordable price.  Although I must admit that I was so in love with my plate that I may have snarled and showed my teeth to innocent bystanders who got too close.  Regardless, I definitely recommend this place if you want to try something (as Cheech and Chong would say) that's the same as your favorite comfort food but different.  I would write more but the food coma has completely taken me over.Post Scriptum:  I believe my stomach just did a happy dance and passed out.
4	If you want somewhere shiny, big,fancy  Sarajevo is not your place, but if you want good food then you are at the right place.Their food reminds me Turkish food but it is a little different.For breakfast and lunch try their Borek(with chese or groundbeef) and Sundays they do Lamb on skewer.Their Borek IS JUST LIKE MY MOMS. How can I not like this place.The reason for 4 stars is smoking. They should not smoke inside.
3	I tried the famed Bosnian sausage sammich.  It was effing tasty.  The bread was what really made the meal.  I wanted to lie down and make the hot sex with the Bosnian bread.  I also had some Bosnian baklava.  Ummmm tasty.  3 stars for now.  I'm intrigued tho, I'll bring the fam next.  The Bosnian dude running the joint was rad.  I love it when they understand how to make the custmer feel at home.  Cant wait to try everything on the menu.  :)
5	Right on the front window is a gigantic painting of the Bosnian sausage sandwich, and it deserves the place of honor! This is a casual hole in the wall with a small grocery section in the back. Everything we tried was delicious. My husband had the Bosnian sausage sandwich and a cheese pita. I had a meat pita and bean soup. My daughter had a plain gyro, which she pronounced as the best gyro she's ever had. The sausage sandwich and the gyro came on a wonderful fluffy bread that appeared to have been browned on a grill. Next time we go, I'm definitely ordering extra bread! The pitas are not the flat bread sandwiches that you might be expecting. Instead, they are made with a flaky pastry like filo. The filling is wrapped in the pastry and twisted in an oblong spiral shape. For dessert, I had baklava, which seemed to have even more honey sauce and nut filling than most - very tasty!Our server was very friendly and explained the whole menu to us. The atmosphere is homey and there is a notable sense of community that gives you a wonderful taste of Bosnian culture.
4	I discovered this place, on Yelp, by accident. I was searching some other item and this came up. I read the reviews and decided to try it. What luck! I met a buddy, a fellow food nut, for lunch here on a Saturday. There were a handful of people in the joint, including the small group in the back, who seemed to go out of there way to not notice us. We were not greeted right away, and had to ask the host/waiter if we should just pick a table. You definitely feel like an outsider walking into this place if you have never been there before. After we got seated, the friendly waiter gave us a few menus and took our drink order. We were only drinking water and he returned promptly with two small bottles of water. Noticing that we looked unfamiliar, the waiter asked if this was our first time here. We said yes and he proceed to thoroughly explain the menu. This was great since I wasn't really sure what I was getting into here. My friend and I both ordered the Cevapi (sausage sandwich) with onions. I ordered the large and my buddy ordered the ex-large. We both added the sour cream & the pepper spread. While we were waiting I noticed the decor & atmosphere of the place. The loud Bosnian music playing and the hand painted murals on the walls. I even noticed the plaques on the wall from the local soccer teams (my son is a soccer player). The small bar in the rear of the place was visited by a few Bosnian looking people speaking what I can only assume was Bosnian. The shelves behind the register were full of what appeared to be Bosnian goods. It was all very nice and added to the experience. Our food arrived and was amazing. The sausages, my friend and I agreed, were possibly a beef & lamb mixture. They were very tasty, and reminded me of the Armenian food I had tried once in California. I was a little disappointed to find out that they didn't use their own recipe for the sausages (shipped from CA), but was happy with them non the less. The bread was wonderful. The first bite took me by surprise. I compared it to a cross between a pita and Indian Fry Bread. The onions were served raw. I am not a raw onion guy (grilled is the best) but they did compliment the sandwich. The sour cream was standard issue and the pepper spread had a red bell pepper, possibly tomato taste to it that was also a good compliment. I should have gone for the ex-large though. Having a big appetite myself, I left feeling like I could have eaten a little more. Overall I was very happy with the food and hope to return to try some of the other fare. The service was what you would expect from a small place with only one waiter/ host, but the gentlemen was very informative and friendly. The atmosphere was nice and a little out of the ordinary, which I enjoy. The prices were pretty good I guess. My lunch bill came to just under $10. If you are looking for fine dining this is not it, but if you are looking for someplace different with good food this IS it.
4	Four star food. I loved the meal and the Turkish coffee. The service and helpful waiter takes the time to explain the food and make suggestions for you. I've only been for lunch, but I've gone back 3 times now and have been pleasantly surprised each time. Try the Cockta, Chuck Norris drinks it!
3	I had put this on my bookmarks quite some time ago and then forgot about it until Brian S did his review.  It worked out I could drive by it on the way back to the shop after making my morning deliveries.  I got there at 10:00 which turned out to be too early for the spinach pita so I got the medium Cevapi.  My meat didn't seem to have as much fat and gristle as Brian Described.  My first thought seeing red pepper sauce was hot, I'm not good with high heat, but this had a good taste and the onions were way hotter than the sauce.  The bread was fresh and chewy.  I like the overall blend of the different flavors.  I think I was sort of between the morning coffee drinkers and the lunch crowd as I was the only customer in the place, having passed a group at the door that was just leaving.  And except for when the waitress was speaking to me there was no English spoken.  The interior was clean and neat in contrast the the aging strip mall facade of the building.  The was Bosnian music playing one the DVD/CD player.Overall a different and enjoyable lunch stop. 3.2
4	Round tables make seating a large group a bit strange but love the place. Excellent service and very rich - authentic food. Mom cooked food and son was the waiter. If only all restaurants could have such charm and family spirit.
5	Awesome food! I've been in love with Bosnian food since 2008 when I visited the country, and I was not disappointed at all. It's definitely an immigrant restaurant and any non-Bosnians might feel a but strange at first, but the waiter is super friendly and very welcoming. Definitely check this place out if you are in the mood for something authentic. And for all you posters out that made comments about not finding Bosnian products or authentic restaurants in NY or LA, that's because you aren't looking in the right city. St. Louis is home to the largest population of bosnians outside of Bosnia. Checkout the Bevo Mill area for a large selection of Bosnian restauarants and markets.
5	Amazing Cevapi's. I come here once a week. Great service. Great food.
5	Upon entering, I was greeted warmly with "Dobar Dan" (Good Day). I felt taken to another place. What an amazing restaurant! The cevapi is perfect! ...and I will be going back often for Bosnian coffee. Authentic, ambient, clean, quick, friendly, and delicious!
5	You MUST try this place. It is wonderful! We shared the zeljanica (spinach spankopita thingy) and the sausage sandwich. Both were amazing. We also had turkish coffee... it blew my mind. I was so pleased by the way it was served. THAT'S how it should be done! I keep meaning to get back soon and savor another turkish coffee and a zeljanica all by myself. Because I don't want to have to share!
4	It seems as though good sausage is a way to my heart...or so my doctor tells me. But enough about me, this is all about a fantastic Phoenix gem that I would have never known of had it not popped up on my Yelp app one Sunday afternoon; this is about Caffe Sarajevo.This Bosnian dive is home to a seemingly authentic menu, and an atmosphere that made me feel like I left Phoenix for lunch. As with any ethnic dive, I expected service to be absolute crap or absolute gold...the service I got was gold! I walked in with the girlfriend into a small dining area filled with customers speaking words that I couldn't understand while laughing and having a great time enjoying their food and company. We were immediately greeted and asked to sit wherever we'd like by a server who was smiling and very welcoming. After we sat down, he came over and was awesome enough to go over most of the menu with us, explaining each of his favorite things in perfect detail. - If you know me, you know I like dives... Also, if you know me, you know I love asking for recommendations, and love hearing those recommendations with enthusiasm. -  I was in heaven, and completely excited when we decided on the Cevapi (the sausage sandwich), the Pljeskavica (a beef patty sandwich), a Sirnica (cheese puff pastry) and some freshly made Turkish coffee...And here we go:I love coffee, especially strong, rich coffee with real flavor. Lemme tell ya, if you're looking for some good caffeinated mud, look no further. Just great. While waiting for the main dishes, we shared the Sirnica, which had just come out of the oven! It was literally a hot mess and filo doughLICIOUS! As far as those sammiches, we didn't want to stop mowing through them! The Cevapi was served with a couple sauces and raw onion, and the sausage was a mix of lamp and cow. Mix those all together on some freshly baked Bosnian bread, and...Yum! The Pljeskavica was a patty on the same bread, but had more of a lamb flavor to me than a beef. It was also yum, especially since it was covered in cheese and mushrooms!!Holy hell, I've gone on long enough. The food was great. The service was great. The people were all great. I'm such a fan. I love dive restaurants. I love ethnic food, and now, I love Bosnian food.
4	I've never had any experience with Bosnian food or any foods from that part of Europe before prior to entering Cafe Sarajevo. I had somewhat of an idea of what it would consist of based on my sparse knowledge of culture and history though. Like others have said, bring your passport because entering this establishment is going to Bosnia. Just the name of the place is novel or movie material. My friend and I were the only non Bosnians in the place. Kind of hard to explain, but the place did have a mafia vibe to it. Maybe it's from excess Hollywood exposure, or maybe it's because I'm from NE Philadelphia where there definitely IS a mafia presence there, albeit Russian. I had the cevapi, and my friend had the patty version of it. Food is hot, fresh, and cooked on the spot. Their special bread is also baked fresh on the premises. The flavors are real simple and has a soul food feel to it regardless of what your ethnic background may be. We also enjoyed some imported sodas, bitter lemon soda and "cockta" (wonder why this didn't take off here?) which is a mix of coke and creme soda. To top it off, the items are priced as if you were in a foreign country (where the dollar is actually above the local currency mind you)! Five bucks for a hot, fresh, cooked meal? That's fucking crazy, and in a way it captures some of that old world spy novel Cold War era nostalgia to it as well.   I recommend coming to this place and trying it out, well worth the trip. Or, if you were scheduled to meet a contact and make a drop in the area, stop in for lunch. Just make sure to leave with a different briefcase than the one you came in with.
5	Great Bosnian food, excellent friendly service. I love this place.
4	I live in the East Valley, so this place is not exactly convenient. I go there when I have the chance after visiting family on the west side. Tonight, I took my mother for the first time. She is in love with the place.It's a small little cafe with a limited menu. However, this menu is perfect for the place. It's simple and delicious. Their zeljanica (spinach pastry similar to spanakopita) is damn near perfect. I've had their pileci (chicken sandwich) and it's so tender, juicy and friggin' addictive. My mother loved this so much she ordered an extra one to go so she could take it to work the next day. I have a feeling my gas budget is going to go up so I can take my mother here more often. It's quite a drive from East Mesa!I ordered their Bosnian/Turkish coffee today for the first time. I loved it. Great flavor and my only complaint was that it was too late in the day to have another! For my Muslim friends, I've asked if their meat is halal and sure enough, it is! I definitely recommend this place.Their service and their food is excellent. The only reason why it didn't receive 5 stars from me was the fact that it's a little dirty there and the resident Bosnians of the place were making my son a little uneasy because they were staring at us a lot. My opinion? Who cares!!! I didn't go there to see if people were going to stare at me or not. I went there to experience food you do not normally find in the US, or particularly, AZ.
5	There is no pretension or formality in this wonderful little cafe. Just brilliantly buttery, homestyle European food.The spinach pita is buttery and decadent. The Bosnian sausage sandwich is simple and hearty, with sour cream and a roasted bell pepper relish to compliment the flavors. The breads are all baked in-house, as is the baklava.A word about the baklava. I am a serious baklava fan. I love to try the seemingly endless versions of this dessert. The baklava at Cafe Sarajevo is much more nuts than phyllo dough, and not over-sweet at all. I think it's my current favorite.Another thing Cafe Sarajevo gets right is the Turkish coffee. I love a cafe that brings me the ibrik with my coffee still in it, and leaves it for me to pour myself the second cup.The bottom line is this place has great food for a very reasonable price. Don't miss it.
5	Amazing little family owned place! The woman who helped us order (I think she is the owner) was extremely sweet and helpful....and VERY proud of the food, and rightly so.  The  Bosnian sausage sandwich was just fabulous.  We also shared the spinach pita that can only be described as fluffy goodness.  Then we finished off the meal with homemade baklava and Turkish coffee.  Wonderful comfort food.  Also, they have some imported cookies and chocolates for sale. Just lovely.
4	Welcome to the family. You truly feel like you are in a Bosnian home when you are here, although it's not a scary place. Inside at least. Service - top notch. There's a small language barrier that makes ordering fun, and sort of surprising. Food - must try. Go with a small group and just order everything. The food was admittedly too greasy on our second visit, but I'm still going back. The spinach thing is awesome, the sandwich "bread" is like none other, and the red sauce/dip is just awesome. Go, now!
5	I love the cevapi at Cafe Sarajevo. It is a Bosnian bread stuffed with sausages made from beef and lamb. It is served with onions, sour cream, and an eggplant red pepper sauce.Yesterday I tried the stuffed cabbage. They are normally out of it when I go there but they finally had some. It was incredible. The cabbage they use to wrap the meat mixture was soured much as you would sauerkraut. It was out of this world. This is a dish that would cause a single man to fall in love. I am going to have to get this recipe for my wife. Maybe share it with my single daughter to only be served with a young man that meets with her father's approval.The prices are great. The Turkish coffee is fantastic. And the food is not to be missed. If you're looking for a unique dining experience you will want to give Cafe Sarajevo a try. You will not be sorry.
4	My cousin and I went here for the first time together because we had never tasted Bosnian food before. It's delicious. We tasted the cheese pita, the gyro sandwich, the chicken sandwich, and the Bosnian coffee, and all of them were delicious.Chicken sandwich was probably the best. The gyros were aite, but nothing too special. Their bread is amazing, though.Service was great too! The owners are very friendly and attentive. I would highly recommend ya'll to check this place out!
5	My cousin and auntie were here visiting from Michigan.  My mother and I searched high and lo for an Eastern Europe restaurant and we found it.  This has got to be the best place in Arizona.  It didn't appear from the outside, but once you stepped in, It's very clean, newly remodeled.  The waiter was very kind, but what do you expect, it's Eastern Europe :)  Definitely would go here again!
5	Wonderful Bosnian food. Wonderful. Complaints listed before about being treated as an outsider are inaccurate.Turkish coffee needs work, cevapi and burik are the bomb...
4	God I love the sandwiches. Nobody who I have taken there has liked it as much as me... then again, they've been Pei Wei/Olive Garden types.The cevapci (che-vop-chee) is awesome. The bread it is served on is uniquely spongy and delicate and the sausage is well complimented by the sauce that reminds me of a chimichurri.Give it a try.
4	Wish you were in Fort Worth! Great food and great service!! Najad explained the menu and made suggestions which were perfect. I will be back!
4	I saw this place and stepped in. I didn't order food because I'd just stopped by to grab a take out menu to return to this restaurant. The hostess said that they were redoing their menu, and they didn't have any. I took a business card because I wanted to return. The inside of the place was really nice! And the menu that the hostess let me look at really made me want to return. The prices all seemed reasonable at a glance. I have excited anticipation of returning here to eat, especially after seeing so many positive Yelp reviews.
5	They remodeled! Still great food, but now the place looks awesome inside, too!
5	There's no better way to have your first Bosnian cuisine than having a true-blooded Bosnian for company. He speaks the language, ordered for us, and knows if the food is authentic and not watered-down for the American palette. WHY GO THERE? My Bosnian friend gave this restaurant the thumbs-up seal of approval. The food is  good, he had a box to go for the next day.WHATCHAGOT? For starters, we ditched the hearty soup and went for bread. We had all three pitas: meat, cheese and spinach. While each was delicious and warmed up, it would have been better to have them early in the day when they're made fresh. Traditionally, you grab the end by hand and uncoil the bread, as you work your way to the center. Best shared. The cevapi is filling. I find the large too much, I could have settled for a medium or small. I asked about the raw onions. My friend said it is a cure for everything. Have an ailment, eat the raw onion! I guess it's apples for Americans, onions for Bosnians!We wrapped dinner with an addictively sweet and delicious tulumbe. Better than baklava!YOU GOT SERVED.Service is quick and friendly, but in a take-your-time-when-you're-ready-to-order kind of way. I like it better than the methodical service of chain restaurants. Overall, the Turkish and Greek influences are very much present in Bosnian cuisine. If you like Turkish, you'd like Bosnian food. Geez, that sounds like the perfume ad of the 80's.
4	A newly discovered gem hiding in the crevice of Northwest Phoenix. I had no idea there was a Bosnian presence here! As many things in Phoenix, this restaurant buried in a strip mall. Judging by the outside, I thought it was going to look like a hole in the wall. But the interior is like an Eastern European slice of Disney's It's a Small World ride. There are cute little faux windows and doors like you'd see in a Swiss village. It's very classy looking. When I was there, they had real roses on the tables (but I think that was because of a private party coming in later). It feels like a family restaurant too with actual stocky Bosnian men coming in to chat and eat.I had the Bosnian soup (chicken &  vegetable) which was like split pea soup. The real awesomeness is anything involving their bread. My friend and I split a ground beef patty sandwich, a spinach pita and a Bosnian sausage sandwich. The meat had amazing flavor. The pita was a flaky, buttery bread. The beef and sausage sandwich was made with a bread akin to ciabatta. Apparently the person who oversees the kitchen makes all the bread herself. The bread is really the crowning jewel. Our waitress was pretty nice though she kind of rushed us near the end because of the private party. She wasn't rude but it was a little off-putting. Still, I plan to come back here next time I've had a good exercise day and I feel I've earned my carbs.
5	Excellent food, excellent prices and large sized portions. We'll be going back.
4	Went in on a Tuesday night with a friend. Very quiet while we were there, but that's okay. Our waitress went over the menu with us and made great recommendations. The decor is super cute - you can tell they put a lot of time and effort into the atmosphere. It appeared to be a popular spot for take-out food as there were several people who came in to pick up. Our food came out quick and hot and yummy! My only complaint is the general lack of variety in the food. We ordered the traditional bread and sausages - all of which was good - but they only come with dippers. There are no real "sides" on the menu. More than okay, but it would really complete the meal if there was more. Overall, would definitely return if on that side of the valley.
5	My Fiance and I went here today for the first time. We shared a meat pieand a serving of the largest  Bosnian Sausage dish.      ALL of it was amazing. I cannot speak highly enough of their food. Service was very prompt and the waitress courteous and quick. The food was very reasonably priced and the restaurant itself was very charming and nicely decorated. All over, the ambiance was pleasant. I look forward to returning!
4	I have to admit I was a bit skeptical coming here.  I had no idea what Bosnian cuisine was or where Bosnia was on the map.  However, the pictures and reviews on here quickly eased my worries.  All the reviews on here are spot on.  The food is unique and delicious.  My only complaint was the service.  The hostess/waitress/server/busser (owner?) was very difficult to flag down.  Once you got your meal and beverage - that was it.  You had to lock eyes with her and wave your hands as she scurried around the dining room so she would come over to the table so you could order a refill, order something else, get the check, etc.  The place was pretty dead but it was almost impossible to get her attention even as she passed right by the table.  Very weird.  As we were the only Americans there, it seemed as if we didn't speak the language she didn't really care.  She was very friendly though when we were able to get her attention.Cevapi = excellent although I'm not a fan of the raw onionsKebab = excellentPileci = excellentSirnica = excellentBaklava = sweet and deliciousI thought the food was very unique, delicious and reasonably priced.  The entire experience of trying a new cuisine in a new part of town was worth the drive.  So, all-in-all my dining experience was a good one. If I ever again have a hankering for Bosnian food, I will return.
5	Don't go to Caffe Sarajevo if you're seriously on a diet; Bosnian food is NOT fat-free.  Or a vegan; I can't imagine what you'd find to eat.Otherwise, GO THERE NOW.  Ignore your arteries just this once.  Cut a few minutes off your life span?  Worth it!This is comfort food to the max, and the service and charming decor will make you feel like you're dining in a friend's home.  Also, I can just about guarantee you'll walk out with a comfortable wallet AND plenty of leftovers to remind you tomorrow of your delightful meal today.  My friend was even burbling about the clean and pretty bathroom.We had the cevapi (sausages, be sure to get the sour cream and pepper sauce offered), a couple of pitas (croissant-like, filled with meat or cheese), Turkish/Bosnian coffee, and samplers of the desserts (my dining buddy had never liked baklava--but now she does).  The. breads. are. awesome.  We agreed they're not like any we've had before, and we're pretty well-traveled foodies.  We look forward to trying the soups next time, saw someone else's soup order and it was piled high with goodies.This place is now on our destination list for dining out, it's worth the drive.
1	I agree with Jason B, the service here SUCKS!!  You have to flag down the wait staff and tell them what you need, they are NOT helpful.  The food was good, when I got it.  I came here with a group of 14.  Most of our party already had dessert, while I still even hadn't gotten my salad.  I was the last one sitting at the table when everyone got up, still eating my food.  This was not a pleasant experience.  The waiter was EXTREMELY forgetful and had to be told several times that I didn't have my food.  I feel that my meal should have been comped, because the way things were handled, I AM NEVER GOING BACK!!
5	I've been coming here for several years.  Can't find my first review.  I guess it was too long ago.  So here comes another one.The woman who runs the place.  I've forgotten her name.  She is one of the most gracious, friendly, and kind people you can ever hope to meet.When I go there, sometimes with and some times without my wife, I alway order the small sausage sandwich.  With ajvar and onion, this can't be beat no matter how you my search around.  The sausages, cevap, are delicious and what's unusual is that the bread is almost as good as the sausages.  Simply delicious from all points of view.  They make their own sausages and their own bread from scratch.  In fact they make everything from scratch right there in the restaurant.  Their soups are do die for.A very favorite of ours.I give this a 5 star because in the Bosnian/Jugoslavian cuisine catagory, this can't be beaten.One more thing worth mentioning:  her Baklava is top of the mark.  It's not as sweet as what you find in other restaurants.  Everything is simply top shelf.
5	I saw the reviews on Yelp and I made my hesitant and unadventurous extended family eat here. Everyone loved it! Everything we ate was really good. The bread is fantastic. Go. From the outside it looks suspect, but its nice inside.
5	This place can be a bit deceiving when you are parking, or even when you see the restaurant.  Parking can be a pain. But once you are inside, it's clean and roomy!The waitress is very polite, she seems excited to see someone coming into the place, and she's been this way all 4 times that I have gone here.Now to the food. Our first visit here I had the Cevapi. The sausages are really juicy, tender, and delicious. But the bread...the BREAD! It's soft, slightly chewy, airy, but not dry. The bread alone is worth coming back for. Friends of ours had ordered the Pita filled with cheese, and black bean soup. The soup was very well balanced, and really flavorful. The pita is a must have. I've had the meat filled Pita, but for myself I prefer the cheese filled pita.If you come here, and you like coffee, you have to get the turkish coffee, it's $0.99, you don't get a lot of it mind you, but what you do get is very strong, smooth, and good to boot.The last time I went here, there were 5 of us, and we ordered the Meat Platter. It's not on the menu, and it's expensive, but you get TONS of meat. The tray of meat comes with 4 nice size pieces of their amazing bread as well. Needless to say, the tray for 4 fed all 5 of us, plus 2 friends who ate the leftovers at my place later that night. So buyers beware, it's really a ton of meat. On it came chicken, steak, 4 different sausages, and 2 different meat patties. By far, my favorite sausage was the veal sausage. It looks like a kielbasa, but it is nothing like it. They sear the veal sausage so its casing has a bit of a crunch, it's sweet, and very, very flavorful. One of my favorite sausages.All in all, you get really good customer service, a lot of food at a CHEAP price, cool atmosphere. Can't go wrong with Cafe Sarajevo. I have recommended, and will continue to recommend Cafe Sarajevo to my friends.
3	Food was really great, especially the Baminje soup.  The prices were very reasonable for the portions.  My only issues was the lack of drinks they had to offer, no iced tea, just a Brisk kind.  Also, it would be nice if they had more on the menu, maybe some potatoes, rice or additional sides.  They had baklava on the menu, but was out of it.  The place is nicely decorated, clean, and cozy.  But the menu needs work in my opinion.  This is my first time at a Bosnian restaurant, so maybe this is the way it's supposed to be.
5	Love, love, LOVE Caffe Sarajevo.  There is nothing on the menu that isn't delicious.  The beef soup - stew-like - is out of this world delicious.  I could wrap the bread around myself like a blanket and wear it it is so warm and delicious and comforting. The pitas - cheese, spinach and cheese, and meat - are so good I could eat them every day.  The prices are very reasonable.  The interior is so cool - very European and completely unique from any restaurant in Phoenix.  The server we've had all but once, Johnna, (not sure of the correct spelling - sorry!) is a delight!  So friendly and welcoming, and a very, very good server.  Give it a try - you won't be disappointed.
4	I just drove 23 miles just to try this little ethnic restaurant and  thought it was well worth it!Caffe Sarajevo sits in an unassuming building off of Northern and 35th avenue. I had read about their Cevapi which is a traditional Bosnian sausage sandwich and I thought it was very good.Only one table was occupied upon entering the restaurant at approximately one p.m. I asked the waitress for her recommendation just to be sure and I also did not want to screw up. I kinda had my eyes on the kebab but decided to along the recommendation for the Cevapi sandwich.It took about 10 minutes for the food to be delivered, which I thought was a little long but I was not in a rush or anything. I happened to pick a wobbly table of course...Despite the wait, the food was delicious and  I was particularly fond of the bread which was soft and chewy. I ordered the small version of the Cevapi which comes with five sausages and happened to be plenty of food.The sandwich also comes with  red pepper spread and sour cream which cost about $ 1.50 each extra, so the total cost of the sandwich with these two side items came to $ 8.74 with just drinking water. For the quality of the food, I thought it was inexpensive.I thought the waitress was very welcoming and a  sweetheart who checked on me on several occasions to make sure  I was happy and content with my meal and I sure was.I was so full after eating the small Cevapi that  I did not have any room for dessert. I had discovered Caffe Sarajevo after reading about it in the ratings for "10 best sandwiches in the valley."
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Phoenix and probably the only restaurant I will really miss if I move out of Phoenix. I'm not familiar with Bosnian food and never been to Bosnia. But when I read some reviews and saw the pictures of tasty looking food on Yelp, My husband and I gave a try and we fell in love with their food. It was the love at first 'taste'.We do not eat beef and many of the items on the menu have beef. So things we can eat there are very limited. We normally order a soup and chicken sandwiches but still we love this restaurant a lot. What we love the most about this place is their Bosnian bread. We tried the plain one (with no stuffing) and the one with spinach called Zeljanica. On their menu, it's translated as 'pita' but it's totally different from pita. It's still a kind of flat bread but much more fluffy and not so flat. This bread is very unique and super delicious. They use this bread for sandwiches too. We normally order some extra bread and bring back home to enjoy later. I've been trying to find how to make this bread but so far no luck.Their desserts are also very delicious. You should try tulumbe which is like big churro in syrup. It's only $1.5 each. Their baklava is also nice and different from baklava you can get from a middle eastern store.I do not know much about Bosnian food but I assume their food is authentic as they always have lots of guests who are talking in the language I totally do not understand. This place does not look formal and everything on the menu is reasonably priced but has nice decor and quiet & cozy ambiance. Service is also excellent and people working there are all friendly. I strongly recommend this restaurant.
5	The menu is somewhat limited but what we had was really tasty.  This is not a place for people avoiding carbs because the entrees come in sandwich form and the bread is really good.  This was our first visit, so we ordered an extra dish to make sure we had ample leftovers.  Bosnian sausage, chicken sandwich, and a gyros sandwich. All delicious.  The chicken soup and desserts (baklava and a piece of the egg-white meringue-like cake) were also very good.  And the prices are great, especially considering the portions are fairly large!They have done a lot of decorating in Bosnian style (or at least I assume it was Bosnian - as I have never been there), with the walls decorated to look like old European-style doors with porch overhangs.  Cute.  The only odd thing was that half of the tables in the restaurant have chairs that have "Tropical Smoothie" etched into their backs.  I assume that at some point the cafe must have expanded and acquired another restaurants furniture.  Their other furniture is nicer.  It's as if they have lunch tables and dinner tables.  The 'dinner' tables have table cloths and nicer chairs.The only real negative was that there was a big group and when they weren't actively eating they were so loud it was hard to carry on our own conversation even though we were a few tables away.  But the food more than made up for it.We will definitely recommend to others or return, ourselves, if we're in Phoenix again.
5	While visiting Phoenix from Orange County, I checked yelp for a good inexpensive place to eat. Lucky for us, this place came up as one of the top results. I've never tried Bosnian food and decided to go here. Good choice. There was almost nothing on the menu that didn't sound delicious. Everyone at our table loved their food, and dessert was amazing. It was super cheap too. From the quality of the food, and judging by how nice the restaurant looks, I'd expect to pay a lot more. This place is a work of art inside. It reminded me of my honeymoon in Montenegro. I've never been to Bosnia, but if I had been there, I suppose it would remind be of Bosnia lol. Anyway, this place was so good we came here the next day before driving back home to CA. Next time I'm in Phoenix I'm coming here again. I'm bummed that I can't find a single Bosnian restaurant within an hour's drive of where I live. Such good food!Update: I'm planning another trip to Phoenix just so I can eat here. I'm having withdrawals. It's that good.
4	First key to Caffe Sarajevo - don't miss this place.  It's located in a very non-descript strip mall with limited seating.  Google Map Street View this place before coming!Second key to Caffe Sarajevo - the interior decor is adorable.  I'm not someone who uses the adjective 'adorable' often, but I can't think of another word that fits.  It's like what Disney would do if they wanted to design a restaurant for Bosnialand.Third key to Caffe Sarajevo - and the most important - the food!  And it's delicious!  The Cevapi seems to be the signature dish - a sandwich of delicious little ground meat sausages filled in a lepinja bread that has kind of a ciabatta-like texture to it.  However, instead of the crisp crust of ciabatta, it's more chewy.  The bread also has a bit more bite.  I've tried the small (with 5 sausages) and it's a bit light.  I'd recommend at least the medium (with 10 sausages).  The sandwich is served with a side of chopped red and white onions and a serving of a smooth tomato sauce, served cold  with a bit of heat.They also offer a few different types of Bosnian pitas - which are actually a filled phyllo dough pastry that is baked into a round.  The zeljanica is crispy, flakey, chewy, gooey, filled with a cheesy spinach.  Very heavy but also very addictive.As a baklava fanatic, I had to give their baklava a try.  No pistachios, walnuts make up the main nut component.  Also, it's less sweet and there's a definite savory element to it.  It's also not completely drenched and the honey they use is on the thinner side.  There are fewer phyllo dough layers so it's less crunchy.  It's good, but I'm not sure if I'm a fan of this style of baklava.  Gotta try them next time!Our server was very friendly and helpful.  Prices were very reasonable for the volume of food.  The menu is pretty limited, but what they do make is all delicious.  Plus, for Bosnian cuisine, which I'm guessing most people in the United States aren't very familiar with, it makes choosing what to get much simpler.
5	Really really good.  Always good to eat something that is interesting and tasty!
5	If you want good service and excellent food that is off the beaten path look no further!I ventured to this little gem and found one of my new favorite places to eat Bosnian cuisine. We were greeted by a friendly waiter and quickly were offered any table to sit at. Finding the perfect table quickly and then sitting to examine the menu. We were told that the "Bosnian Sausage" was the best thing to try for a newbie to the Bosnian taste. We quickly ordered one non spicy and one spicy sausage and it came on fresh bread and some sauces on the side.Writing this my mouth is watering again. Anyway  delicious and we decided to get the "Turkish Coffee" at the end of our meal as well as a selection of dessert. Our waiter knowing this was our first time to the resturant wanted to make our experiance that much better and gave us the desserts on the house. All I can say for this place is if you want to venture out and try something new get down there and get some goodness.
5	If you look in a dictionary for Hole in the Wall restaurant the example will say see Caffe Sarajevo. From the outside you would drive right by it, which we did, and when you pull up in front of the place you would wonder how good can this be. Also you will wonder if your car and/or stereo will be there when you get back. Yes the neighborhood is a little scary and the strip mall this place is located in is a little run down. Then you walk in the front door after you tell yourself hey we are here we are going in no matter what. Once you enter you feel like you just stepped through the wardrobe or something. Very nice and clean inside. The decor is excellent. Lots of fake doors and house facades around the either inside. Also some trinkets on the walls but not a lot like some wanna be sports bar.We are here for the first UYE International Supper Club. This turned out to be a great way to kick this off. I have never had Bosnian food before so I didn't even know what to order. Couldn't even pronounce half the things on the menu. Luckily there are also basic English translations on the menu as well. I couldn't quite decide what to get and neither could one of my fellow dinners so we decided to split the Bosnian Sausage Sandwich and the Beef Patty Sandwich, which we added cheese and mushrooms too. The prices are great. Very inexpensive. So far so good.Then the food starts arriving. Someone orders some stew and that smelled and looked good. Then my food arrived. Looked good. Can't wait to try it. My fellow dinner and I each cut the sandwiches in half and traded halves. Upon first inspection the Beef Patty Sandwich looked like ooey gooey goodness but the sausages in the Bosnian Sausage Sandwich looked like store bought heat and serve sausages. What was going on here. But the first bite obilderated that thought. These were so far away from heat and serve sausages it wasn't even funny. One of my favorite sayings is It is so good you punch a hole in the wall. Well this was so good you would tear the whole wall down. I can imagine having these sausages on a breakfast plate. They would be great anywhere. Of course the Beef Patty Sandwich was as advertised. Ooey gooey goodness. They should make a combo plate of half of each sandwich and put it on the menu. So good. Every bite more delicious then the last. I was sorry to finish them. I wanted more. Then of course I had to get some Baklava for dessert. For $2 how can you say no. This continued the delicious train. Some of the best I have had.This place made my list of new favorite places. The service was great. Food was awesome. Small little hole in the wall mom and pop place. Total surprise. I will definitely be back. I think my fellow dinners liked it as much as I did. There were clean plates and smiles all around. Thank you to Ursula D. and Monica O. for setting this up. It was a great idea and a good find. Can't wait for the next UYE International Supper Club. Can't wait to come back here again.
4	I came here last week for the international supper club. Unlike my fellow Yelpers, I did not have time to investigate the menu online beforehand so I was not really sure what to order. Apparently their specialty is their sausages, which everyone at the table agreed were quite good, but my husband and I stuck with some safe choices. I got the stuffed cabbage and he ordered the steak sandwich. My mother's side of the family is Polish and growing up she would make stuffed cabbage regularly so it is something I really enjoy eating. These were a little smaller than hers but they serve you three of them so it was a very filling meal. They were cooked well, pretty much the same as my moms but less rice in the filling and the spices were a little different. I liked that they came with a good amount of tomato broth (some restaurants serve them with a thick gravy like sauce that I think is gross) and I really enjoyed sopping the juices up with the toasted pita-ish Bosnian flat bread that they served with it. The hubby also enjoyed his sandwich - you can never go wrong with steak in his book. This was a pretty big piece of meat that he got and it was real steak, not minced meat - it even had a big bone in it! We ended the meal with Turkish coffee and baklava. The coffee was very good. It was really strong but very smooth and even though it was unfiltered all the sediment magically settled to the bottom so it was not grainy at all. I am not sure if you are supposed to drink the pasty part at the bottom of the cup but I did not. The baklava was pretty similar to what I have had at Greek restaurants but perhaps a little less sticky sweet so personally I preferred this version to most others I have tried even though it is not one of my favorite deserts.The best part about Caffe Sarajevo was the place itself. Even though it does not look appealing from the outside it has a totally charming interior. And staff. Our waiter was very friendly, helpful and courteous. We had excellent service. But even though the food and service were good I might not give it more than 3 stars if it weren't for the price. This place is just a really amazing value! My entree was only $5 and I think our total bill including drinks and dessert was less than $20 for the two of us. Overall, if it wasn't so incredibly far from where I live and in a part of town I never go to I would be back for sure.
5	One of my new favorite places to eat. Fresh food, and super friendly and courteous waiter. He makes sure you leave the place happy. I have been there twice now and every time I happened to put my finger on something they didn't have. But he was very apologetic about it and comped my desert. I thought this was very nice. Most place don't care at all. Food is outstanding. Kabob  comes on fresh bread and a special sour cream and a roasted pepper sauce. Turkish coffee is only $1 and it is one of the best coffees you will ever have. Baklava tasted fresh and not too sweet. I love locally owned hole in the wall places with great food and only one dollar sign. I cannot wait to go back.
4	It was the 1st International Supper Club UYE for this year, and the placed picked to kick it off was Caffe Sarajevo. When you 1st drive up to the place you think, man what a hole in the wall, what am I getting myself into, but when you walk through that door, you are transformed into a whole another place, you feel as if you are no longer in Phoenix. The place is bigger that what it appears on the outside and so opened & friendly.  The place itself deserves your visit! We had a table reserved for us in the back, and it was a nice big table, felt like a family dining table, it was perfect for us! Our server was Nigel, very friendly and made sure we never were without anything. And ladies, he is a cutie, easy on the eyes.I decided on the Cevapi, it was a Bosnian sausage sandwich that came with sliced red onions, sour cream, which I swear was freshly made, and some sort of veggie spread. Let me tell you, this sandwich was A-MAZ-ING! I am a bread freak, love the stuff, this bread was fresh and rustic, the sausage were so tasty and with the veggie spread & sour cream spread across the bread, you have just made yourself an amazing delicious bit of heaven!  I also had some baklava, I love that stuff! It was the perfect blend of sweetness for me! Caffe Sarajevo is such a cute place and the food is amazing, I for sure will be back!
3	I checked out this place for the International Supper Club UYE.  I love checking out food from around the world, in the US and in it's native land.  So, this was cool.  I've never been to Bosnia.  I wondered what the food could be like because Bosnia is a literally cultural melting pot with Mediterranean, European and Middle Eastern influences.  I was eager to give it a try and see if any of those 3 cultures dominated the influence on the food.  You might drive past the tiny shopping plaza in which this restaurant is located.  Why you ask?  Because it is about as nondescript as a traffic light, except you pay attention to the traffic light.  It's also a rather run down plaza and is not attractive.  No worries, pull in to that parking lot and yeah, you'll look around like, "where is Ursula sending me.....?????"  Seriously, go inside.  You'll quickly realize that you've escaped the ho' hum and entered eastern Europe.   The inside of that restaurant is so neatly decorated, you feel like you're in eastern Europe.  Fortunately, I was with a great group of yelpers.  I teamed up with Preston S to split our entrees.  He ordered the Pljeskavica and I ordered the Cevapi.  Both of these items are served on the tastiest, flakiest, buttery pastry type bread I've had in quite some time.  The Pljeskavica was a 4-star item with a the beef patty, mushrooms and cheese on that flaky pastry-like bun.  I would order this item again!  The Cevapi was somewhat like a kabob, but really reminded me of Jimmy Dean Breakfast sausages in appearance.  But NOT in taste.  These small sausages are made of beef and lamb and are seasoned with Bosnian spices.  This was a 3-star item for me.  If I ever get back over there, I MUST try the burek.   I have a feeling that I will enjoy that immensely!  Unfortunately, any place that serves dinner, but not wine generally gets a one-star-off from me.  This could have been a 4-star review from me!  I wonder if you can do a BYOB.  I have to keep in mind that no booze could be a religious choice as well.  so I'm giving them a 3.5 instead of taking the whole 1 star.  I always bump 3.5 star reviews to 4 stars.
5	The best part is definitely the bread. I brought my friends to try something different and we left happy. The location and menu may seem intimidating at first but everything we had tasted amazing.
5	The definition of "hidden gem", and its not really that hidden. I have to admit, this little strip looks a little scary. But once you get inside, its a whole other world.The decor is very cool. Its made to look like a little village w/ pieces from Bosnia all over the place. We were seated at a large booth in the back. Our server was wonderful. He was extremely attentive and was more than happy to chat w/ us and answer our questions.The menu is full of very warm, homey food. Sausages, and bread and stew and man, it is cheap! I decided on the stew (and it was not small). It was warm and flavorful and reminded me of something my grandfather would make that his mother would make for him. Lots of tender meat, root veggies and even some cabbage. It came w/ a large warm piece of bread. And im not ashamed to say i used it to clean my plate. It was a good amount of food. For $5.45. Yup, super cheap. Didnt I say that?The really disappointing thing about this place is that we were the only table. Otherwise the restaurant was dead. It made me so sad! Their food is amazing!Go here, and tell your friends to go here too.
5	I just want to say a few things. I had the borek with ground beef, a green salad, and some wonderful sides of sour cream and crushed red bell pepper paste.The food is delicious, fresh, and obviously authentic. The prices are startlingly cheap - you feel as though you're either ripping off these nice Bosnians, or the restaurant is a front operation.The service is very polite and attentive. The decor tries so earnestly to be authentic it ends up being sort of adorable.
5	What a great place! I am always on the lookout for great ethnic restaurants, and found this place by accident. I drive by frequently, and honestly never noticed it. The inside is quite cute (I was expecting the typical 'divey' ethnic place, and was pleasantly surprised that it was quite nice!) We got a sampling of stuff to try as neither of us have tried Bosnian cuisine before. We split a chicken soup (amazing)!, cabbage with rice and ground meat (excellent flavor and sauce), a salad (of pickles, pickled green tomato, carrot, and pepper stuffed with slaw), and each got a sandwich (I got the chicken and my friend got the sausage.) The bread is really amazing, and almost the consistency of a popover. Everything was very tasty and I will have two meals off the leftovers! It all came to $30 which was a steal. The server forgot to give us silverware and we had to ask.. she was hilarious about it, and brought us each a dessert to enjoy as a thank you/sorry.  (I am not sure which it was, but very like gulab jamon in Indian restaurants.. cooked soft dough soaked in honey water-- yum!) I will definitely go back and thought it was a great value.
5	Cafe Sarajevo was recommended to me by a coworker so I decided to stop for lunch. When I first pulled in I was a little nervous because it looks like a run down vacant strip mall. However, when you walk in it looks like a little village.  For lunch we had the spinach pita, chicken sandwich with cheese and mushrooms and a sausage sandwich.  All three items were extremely delicious. You receive an abundance of food for a little of nothing. I highly recommend this place for anyone who wants to try something a little out of the norm.
4	This place really is a diamond in the rough!  Once you get past the fact that it's located in a strip mall between a smoke shop and a beauty parlor in a not-so-pretty Phoenix neighborhood, you will experience a truly wonderful meal!I had the Bosanski Lonac soup with a basket of their lepinja bread.  The soup was basically a beef stew with lots of cabbage.  Very tasty.  The bread, which to me was somewhere between a croissant and an English muffin, was a perfect companion to the soup.  Finished the meal off with one of their Bosnian desserts and paid about $10 for the experience!
5	Wow, what wonderful food! It does not look like much on the outside, but inside is charming and the food was so delicious. The sausage and meat sandwiches are fantastic (get the smalls they are huge!) and the home made rolls the sandwich is served on are lite and delicious. We also had the cheese stuffed bread which was sensational! The cabbage rolls were very tasty and flavorful.I didn't have the turkish coffee but my sister in law did and she loved it. It is served in a tiny cup and tray that is adorable! And the baklava just melted in your mouth (best I have ever had)! The prices are great, the service is friendly and attentive, I will definitely be back!
5	Wow! What a treasure this place is! I just finished my meal and I'm already looking forward to going back. First off, all of the praise for the bread in other reviews is complete truth. I would probably be content just going there for it alone it's so delicious.We started off with the beef soup and the cabbage rolls. Both were dynamite; the soup was super hearty and more of a stew with healthy-sized pieces of beef, carrots, cabbage, etc. The next item ordered was the beef patty sandwich. Saying that it was amazing would be an understatement. The patty was perfectly seasoned, it was served on the highly addictive bread mentioned previously, and the melted cheese kept all of the mushrooms locked in place. I'm normally not a fan of mushrooms, but these complemented the sandwich perfectly. The owner hooked up samples of all three deserts since it was our first visit. While all three were very good, I'll always be partial to baklava, and theirs did not disappoint. The decor makes you feel like you're in another country and everything looked to be in top order. I'm so glad that we tried this place and I will eagerly anticipate my next visit. And the next. And the next. And the next.
5	Looking from the outside, this place may not seem appealing, but if you give it a chance you're sure to be glad you did. The pita bread is the best I've had and the coffee has no equal. The food is cheap and delicious and the interior decor is gorgeous. This place is definitely worth a trip and I look forward to my next one.
5	My new favorite restaurant!This is quite possibly the most overlooked eatery I've ever been to.  It's a little hole-in-the-wall joint in a random shopping center, but as soon as you step inside it's like being transported halfway around the world.  We went for dinner on Saturday night and shared Cevapi (a must have, as other reviewers have commented), stuffed cabbage, spinach pita, and homestyle soup w/ beef.  Prices are very reasonable; menu items range from $3-$9 and the $9 ones could feed a family!I don't have any complaints about the service; don't know what other people were whining about quite frankly.  The staff was attentive, our food was brought out in a timely manner, and the owner's son, visiting from New Jersey, stopped by to chat it up with us and brought us a Bosnian cola drink which was fantastic.I will definitely be back with my daughter, and everyone who ever comes to visit me in Phoenix!
4	This place is in a run down strip mall, but don't let that deter you. Nothing on the menu costs over $9 and their portion sizes are huge. Come hungry! Go with a bunch of friends and order at least one of everything. I always get the spicy sausage cevapi, and the meat pita. Their stuffed cabbage is a seasonal item, but that's not indicated on the menu.  The service can be a titch on the slow side. The Turkish coffee is very strong and great when paired with dessert.
4	This place is like getting in a time machine and going back in history. Somebody has spent a great amount of energy decorating the inside of this place like an old fashion Bosnian town. Tons of intricate wood work and detail to add just that right amount of fun and authenticity.Came here after seeing the International Supper Club pig out at one of their UYE parties. They always pick great places and food that is unique and tasty. I can confirm all of the above with a smile.The menu here is rather small but filled with several different types of Bossian specialties. Usually get one of the Cevapi/Bosnian Sausage Sandwiches. There are three different sizes depending on how hungry you at the moment. Also have tried the tasty Pljeskavica/Beef Patty with mushrooms and cheese.Service is friendly and helpful. On my first visit the owner and server were getting ready to eat lunch. They were more than happy to share some of the treats that they were having with me. She said it was a potato version of the cheese pita that they make. Nice!You know it is good when you can hear people speaking a language that you are not accustom to hearing. Sometimes they can get a little loud and passionate in their discussions. Gives you that intimate feeling like you are there with them and in the zone. Overall the food is very good and worth checking out. There are several other dishes that I want to try on my next visit. Still need to also check out the desserts. Good thing my job has me in the area a couple times a month. Meet me for lunch if you can. CHEERS!4.25 STARS
5	Amazing food and value - authentic and delicious. Very nice and hard working host - we didn't mind the wait as this lady works  real hard.
5	I had eaten at this place several years ago. They have made some changes to the design to make it like an authentic village in Bosnia. Food has remained just as good as it was before. My husband and I stopped there today for a quick lunch. We had the meat pies, coffee and desert. Pies were delicious. Their Turkish coffee is truly amazing. Prices are great. We were served complimentary deserts. The baklava is the best we had in Arizona. We will surely go back.
1	Stopped in here for a late lunch as I saw this place had high recommendations.  It took some time to get waited on.  There was only 2 tables with people eating and another group of several persons were leaving.  The staff were inconsiderate and just kept standing and talking and taking photos with these people who were on their way out.  I wanted something that was not hot and spicy so I ordered the chicken sandwich.  Waitress asked me if I wanted mushrooms and cheese on it so I asked if the mushrooms were fresh.,  She said they were so I told her to put them on.  One bite into the sandwich and I knew they were not fresh mushrooms bur canned. I sat there for some time waiting for someone to ask me how everything was but nobody ever checked back with me.  I got up and left.  As I was leaving I mentioned to the gal at the counter how disappointed I was and she acted like she didn't hear me and asked me if I was walking out without paying.  I told her I was not going to pay for something I could not eat and should have been told that the mushrooms were canned and not freshVery disappointing food and waste of my time.The area this place is located in is not a very good area and I would advise people to not go after dark.
4	My boyfriend had this restaurant bookmarked for a very long time. So long it was almost forgotten. Today, however was the day we decided to give it a try. I'm so happy we did. First off I never would have known about this place if it were not for yelp. It's in a small older strip mall with about four businesses. We walked in and and it was a little dark, mostly using natural light from the windows. We were advised to sit anywhere we liked. We chose a booth by the window so that we could better see and appreciate the decor. The place is clean and adorable. We ordered two sodas and my bf asked our server what his favorite soup was and told him it was our first visit. He suggested the Earl, which came with bread. I ordered the steak sandwich. The few other tables emptied as we eagerly awaited our food. Our server dropped off a plate with napkins and a fork and knife. This confused me a little since we ordered a soup and sandwich. A few minutes later the soup is delivered with a basket of their wonderful bread and then a plate with a sandwich on it the size of my head is set before me. My sandwich consisted of an ENTIRE flattened steak covered in Melted cheese and mushrooms cradled between two pieces of their savory bread. I ripped a small piece of the bread off to taste and it reminds me of a popover. Yum! I get to work on my fork and knife sandwich and my bf starts on his soup. My steak was seasoned very well and the whole thing was delicious (mind you I could only finish half). My boyfriend ate all of his bread and soup which he really enjoyed. I tasted it. It was savory and reminded me of home. We will definitely be back to try more of the menu. Everyone was very nice and when we paid our bill the woman who helped me (I presume the owner) gave us a free chocolate bar from their mini shelf of goods for sale. I recommend people give this place a try. It can be intimidating to try new cuisine from different cultures, but it is well worth it.
4	Great place and my first real experience with Bosnian food! We went in and ordered the cabbage rolls, chicken sandwich, and sausage. The chicken sandwich was served open-face with bread, mushrooms, and some sort of sauce. Quintessential comfort food. Everything were good and pretty much tasted like they'd been cooked in someone's kitchen at home- but done well. The service was friendly overall and the whole place was much nicer on the inside than it appeared on the outside. Prices were pretty inexpensive. Coffee at the end was yummy and traditional style (don't drink to the bottom of the cup). Only odd thing was that after our meal the waitress/owner disappeared for a good 20 minutes while we waited for the check. We finally went up to the counter and shuffled around enough that she poked her head out and rang us up. She gave us some chocolate bars to take home, and when we left we realized that the restaurant was well past closing time, and that in fact we had walked in only about 30 minutes before closing time (it was midafternoon on a weekend and we hadn't checked the sign on the way in). I'm not sure if it was a culture or language issue that she didn't mention something about them closing soon, but it was a bit strange. Overall we'd definitely come back.
4	Awesome authentic Bosnian food in a totally unexpected location. The interior is very nicely decorated, looks nothing like the dirty strip mall it's located in. Yes, the service is slow, but so are most authentic European restaurants, and the waitress is always very nice, attentive, and helpful with explanations/translations.The food is not as strange or exotic as many Americans would think, and more people should give it a try, I think you will be pleasantly surprised! The cevapi is my favorite, and you have to end your meal with a Turkish coffee, it'll have you buzzing for hours!
4	**Original review from 5/8/2011. Updating new profile.**I live in the East Valley, so this place is not exactly convenient. I go there when I have the chance after visiting family on the west side. Tonight, I took my mother for the first time. She is in love with the place.It's a small little cafe with a limited menu. However, this menu is perfect for the place. It's simple and delicious. Their zeljanica (spinach pastry similar to spanakopita) is damn near perfect. I've had their pileci (chicken sandwich) and it's so tender, juicy and friggin' addictive. My mother loved this so much she ordered an extra one to go so she could take it to work the next day. I have a feeling my gas budget is going to go up so I can take my mother here more often. It's quite a drive from East Mesa!I ordered their Bosnian/Turkish coffee today for the first time. I loved it. Great flavor and my only complaint was that it was too late in the day to have another! For my Muslim friends, I've asked if their meat is halal and sure enough, it is! I definitely recommend this place.Their service and their food is excellent. The only reason why it didn't receive 5 stars from me was the fact that it's a little dirty there and the resident Bosnians of the place were making my son a little uneasy because they were staring at us a lot. My opinion? Who cares!!! I didn't go there to see if people were going to stare at me or not. I went there to experience food you do not normally find in the US, or particularly, AZ.
4	Don't be fooled by  the exterior, the establishment is absolutely gorgeous on the inside. The walls are beautifully made facades resembling village homes. The service was mediocre, not attentive but adequate. I only had the "Tulumba" which was a  fried cake like dessert soaked in syrup. It wasn't to my liking but according to a friend of mine who's family is part Bosnian, it's authentic, as well as the food. So if you want authentic Bosnian food, this is your place.
1	If I could give this place no stars, I would. The staff was absolutely the rudest set of people imaginable.  The server, who had the sloppiness of a self dressed 3 year old there who claims to be new and doesn't know the menu, also claims to be the manager. Go figure. We sat down at 715 and walked out by 9, that's how long it took for our meal. I ordered 5 pieces of byrek and the waitress brought it up on herself to only bring out 3 because she said it was too much food for the amount of people I had.......ummmmm okay. So I said that I still wanted the original order of my 5 total and then she said they didn't have any more. So basically lied to my face about it. Amongst the other issues that happened that evening, I got my salad at the end of the meal,  after I got my check by the way! So I proceeded to explain that I didn't want the salad because we were already leaving and she refused to take it off of my check even though I literally received it after I got my check, i figured fine I'll deal with it. Then she charged me for all 5 pieces of byrek when I only received 3. She solved this issue by telling me I ordered 5 so that's what she charged me for, even though I only received 3. I also ordered a $9 plate and she charged me $10 for it. Basically she was so incompetent that she couldn't look at the menu and charge me the prices that were right there in front of her face.When she refused to just take a second look at my check so I could show her that i clearly had gotten over charged , she handed me a business card and told me to call her another day because she was done talking to me about what the issue was. Luckily I had cash so i paid her for exactly what i had ordered.The whole scenario of a Bosnian themed place is mediocre,  it looks dirty and not well kept. They had sesame street, wrapping paper table cloths, who the hell uses wrapping paper as a table cloth. The table was dirty when we sat down, mind you we were the only table they had initially. There was an employee drinking beer while he was working. This place was a disaster. It's extremely pitiful because the food wasn't half bad but i can not tell you how horrible these employees were especially the waitress who could not even comprehend a 9 key register and spoke 25% of the English language. She should seriously be in the back of the store so you wouldn't have to see that horrible wretched face of hers. I'm in the same line of work, and if I ever treated someone who came to my restaurant with that kind of utter disrespect I would fire myself! !
3	I went for lunch today with a bud who had seen good reviews in Yelp.This place is definitely a bit of a  diamond in the rough. It's not in the best part of town and it's in one of the shadiest looking little strip malls but the inside is put together well (if a touch eccentric) and it was very clean. It was sort if like walking into the closet and coming out in Narnia, if that makes sense.I must confess to knowing nothing about Bosnian food and the menu was vague, to say the least, so we went off of our waitress's recommendation.The Cevapi (sp?) sandwich was actually delicious. The bread was phenomenal and the sausage was seasoned well and full of flavour. I do think it missed maybe some tomatoes and lettuce inside to provide some crunch and a bit of a contrast. I can only assume that that's not traditional in Bosnia and maybe just what I'm more accustomed too.The service was fine. Our waitress was as helpful as she could be, despite the language barrier, but we made it work. The place was pretty empty but she didn't hover, which I really appreciated.If your in the area and looking for a quick, cheap bite that's a little but different I would definitely recommend this place.I'll be returning for sure.
3	Three stars, but I'll still go back, if only for the Turkish coffee, cabbage rolls and the bread.I SO wanted to like this restaurant more than I did. Went for lunch on a slow Friday afternoon. There were two tables of people, all speaking Bosnian (Croatian?) with the woman (owner? cook?) The woman was quite friendly to me and I was served quickly. The interior of the restaurant is delightful, but you'd never know it from the outside.I ordered the Earl soup, a small order of sausages (comes with bread), cabbage rolls and Turkish coffee.The soup was creamy and had many cooked vegetables, but the chicken in it was obviously mechanically separated and from a can. I couldn't shake the feeling I was eating Campbells. I prefer a thinner, more flavorful broth and would have preferred unprocessed chicken. I will never order that soup again, despite the server telling me "how good!" it is. It just isn't. Sadly.The small order of sausages is ample! The sausages reminded me of breakfast sausage. However, the flavor is slightly distinctively different from Jimmy Dean. Slightly. They are served with a most profoundly good bread!! It also comes with red pepper sauce and sour cream and white onions. The onion was chopped  in small chunks. Slivers are more conducive to putting on a sandwich, but it was ok. The red pepper sauce was not very flavorful. What I liked about it is that it is different from the usual condiments of other restaurants.The best of show was the cabbage rolls. I have memories of my mother's cabbage rolls which were bland and covered in too much tomato sauce. These are perfect, and the spice in the meat spot on. No tomato sauce! The cabbage leaves are tart and soft. In the future I'd go back for these alone, along with a side of that FANTASTIC bread. Yum!Drink water and then follow with Turkish coffee at the end. ...Do not eat the "grounds"!Nice experience. I will go back with others and try the beef patty.The prices run about $5 to $7 per dish, so it's a stellar value. I wouldn't pay $5 for the soup again, though.
5	As promised I have returned to Sarajevo Care for another go around. This time I brought a dining partner. I had the steak sandwich and my companion had the gyros sandwich. Again I ordered the cabbage rolls.The cabbage rolls were better than the previous day if that is possible. They are delicious!The true star may just be the gyros sandwich, though. I loved my tasty and ample steak sandwich, but I was *this close* to stealing my partner's gyros sandwich. This Is The Place for gyros, folks! Omg!We finished with the delightful Turkish coffee and our lovely server then brought us each a free dessert "just because".We have such warm feelings for this place. It is on our rotation now. If you are curious you MUST try it!We suggest the sausages, the bread and tyros and the desserts with Turkish coffee.
5	Amazing, authentic food! Even the wooden decor inside was very true to Eastern European style. This place will not disappoint!
5	The food here is amazing! Everything is delicious from the soup to the pitas! I would recommend this to anyone! A great change for a great price!
5	Great authentic Bosnian food!
4	A great place for brunch and quite inexpensive too! I love the freshly-made Bosnian bread and the cevapi, though the green salad that came with it was lackluster. The Bosnian coffee that I ordered with the meal was strong and was the perfect beverage for the brunch. Service was friendly but slow, which was surprising since there was only one other table that had diners during our visit.
5	Having been to Eastern Europe and LOVING the food there, .. I can attest...this is the REAL deal!!  If you go, try to forego all "American" expectations.  We went Friday night & our gourmet group tried like the dickens to get our waitress to laugh, but it was not to be. She was SO nice, but the same as we found in Prague, Slovakia and Russia, laughing with "strangers" is viewed as sort of phony.  (we got it from our Russian tour guide.. they don't get all the early, stranger to stranger glad handing we do in the U.S.. they just don't.) Takes 'em time to warm up to people which is probably more natural and not as "car salesman-ish" which is how many there view this behavior of ours that WE see as the only way to be. Hey, different cultures have different customs, right?  So relax.. it's all good!   Anyway, nuff said on that... Here is the upshot of the food!  It's beyond fabulous and SO inexpensive we couldn't believe it.. for what you got!  And the bread.. like everyone said.. SHEEEZ.. baybaaay... that is totally addictive!!  I am going back tomorrow!   So is the stuffed cabbage (sarma) which we all loved!  Hearty, not too spicy.. just like all the eastern Eur.food my hubby and I have had.  It's substantial, and yet not much more than salt and pepper for spice.  Last thing... the decor is sooo cool. I loved the one review calling it "Narnia."  It IS! Or "Hobbitown!"  Just go. Trust us!
5	The best Eastern European restaurant in the Valley, hands down. Large portions, very reasonably priced. Go with the 15 cevapi plate for under $10! Delicious juicy pljeskavice too. Pass on the salad, but then, you're probably not here for the salad (; Very charming decor but the plaza is iffy. Fast and efficient service just don't expect a smile from server, though owner is extremely friendly and welcoming.
5	Had outstanding Serbian food while I was in Chicago for work. This is the first place that has come close to that experience I have found in my travels. I will definitely come here anytime I am in Phoenix
5	It's easy to miss this hidden gem but you won't want to. Small menu, but the food is excellent. I was a little skeptical to try it but I'm glad my cousin talked me into going. Gyros and cevapis are definite musts, along with the Turkish coffee.
5	I just went there for an early lunch and had the place to myself.  I had the cabbage rolls served with a dollop of sour cream.  The texture of the bread is spongy and fluffy if that is possible.  WONDERFUL!  I will definitely be back.
5	Great atmosphere. The waitress was super nice. I went with a group of 10 including myself. So since we had a lot of people we tried all the pitas, a couple gyros, both soups and both desserts. The food is absolutely yummy. The desserts were delicious as well. I would definitely go back and would recommend everyone to try it!! :)
3	Going to reserve an A+ for this place until I get another visit in.  3 of the things I wanted to try, they were either out of it or it wasn't ready yet.  :/  I had the veggie/beef soup and the cevapi meat sandwich.  Everything was very good, but the menu is limited and the options were even more limited when a few things weren't available.  It is definitely a hole-in-the-wall on the outside, gem on the inside.  Of what I did try, it was goooooooood.  I'd like to go back and vet it a little better for sure.
4	The sausage sandwich was so yummy! The bread it comes on it to die for!! I feel its a mix between a buttery biscuit and a flaky croissant. The price of the sandwiches are very reasonable. The place doesn't look like much from the sketchy strip mall its in but its totally worth a try!! The service wasn't the fastest but from what i saw it was one lady who works the front.
4	My wife and I went to Caffe Sarajevo last night for dinner.   We had the following:Pileci / Chicken SandwichCevapi Mali / Bosnian Sausage SandwichDomaca salataZelena salataThe food was good.  The only thing is that it is a bit of a drive from where I live in Mesa AZ.  It is worth trying.  If this place were closer to me, I would go back again.The only thing that my wife mentioned was that the food was slightly heavy.  You can see and taste the Turkish and the Central European influences in the Bosnian food.  It is difficult to classify it as similar to Turkish or to Central European, as it has both influences present in it.  I do not know if the restaurant is Caffe Sarajevo or if it is Old Town Sarajevo.  The sign out front says it is Old Town Sarajevo, yet the address matches that of Caffe Sarajevo.  We found it regardless, and it really does not matter.  But it can be confusing.Regardling the neighborhood, it is not too shifty.  It is not a bad neighborhood unlike what some of the people who have posted have said.
5	Probably the most friendly and loving staff I have encountered in an extremely long time. Besides the food being authentic European (Bosnian), the restaurant is very unique and most importantly clean! This is a must place to check out.
4	Driving through from the Grand Canyon back to San Diego and found this place thanks to Yelp. It was delish! We had the Bosnian Soup, Stuffed Cabbage, some kind of pickled salad and the large sausage plate. The bread was amazing too! If you are in the area, you should definitely venture to this spot.
5	Superb but could use a new atmosphere for a change - it's great but needs a new touch. However, we'd return on any visit to the City!
5	This food is so delicious. I wish there was one in the east valley!!!!I highly recommend the zeljanica which is so tender inside and flaky outside...   Also the lepinja with the red bell pepper sauce is to die for. The prices are pretty cheap and the food is flavorful and traditional. I would eat here every week at LEAST if there was one in Chandler. Furthermore, the service is top notch and you will be well cared for...very hospitable staff. The last time I ate here the woman who served us also gave me a chocolate Milka bar for free as I was leaving. They are so beyond nice at this restaurant!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Went there for the first time on Friday and it was so yummy. The only reason they didn't get 5 stars was just because we didn't get to try everything we wanted to because they had already sold out. Sold out of all their pitas, all deserts and one of the soups. We will definitely go earlier next time to try the items we missed out on. We tried the sausage and cabbage rolls and both were very good. The place is also nice and clean. Always a good thing.
