5	This is a little treasure chest of people, service, food and sports. Totally unpretentious in a converted old property of south Scottsdale. It could probably use a facelift, but who cares. It has very little atmosphere, but again, who cares. It still feels good to arrive. It has a great patio that folks congregate at - and when you enter the building you can speak to the host and go to the dining room; or, you can go to straight back to the bar area (which is where I hang). They've got plenty of space (a couple of lounge couches) and televisions  that are always on the day's biggest sporting event. And, one of the things that I love about this place is that it attracts really nice people. Everyone who works there or hangs out there genuine, friendly and approachable. The bartenders and servers are really interested in ensuring you have a great time while you're there, and the food is easy going and good. There's nothing fancy. Just good, solid menu items.I usually get a main entree and a couple of their sides of vegetables. I have to say, I think they have the best 'roasted corn' I've ever had. Then, for dessert, they have this "Oooey-Gooey" cake that when served with a little ice cream, might be a perfect slice of heaven. I keep threatening to order a full-sheet-pan of this stuff, I'm just afraid I'll eat it all by myself. That's wouldn't be good.Good people. Good Food. Reasonably Priced. Sports.
4	Frasher's (pronounced Fraisier's) is a great place to hang out--though it's not your typical Scottsdale destination. The owners have an interesting taste in decor (interesting=questionable. Note the leather couch on the patio.) But, I like it, so it's ok with me. Happy hour? Excellent. Half price on already cheap appetizers and good pours on the drinks. The bartenders? I want to miniaturize them, put them in my pocket and carry them around with me everywhere. Even the 'grouchy' one makes me peal in laughter. The food? It's St. Louis themed, plenty of meat, the salmon is smoked on premises and is delicious, in fact, everything I've had is excellent. If you're from St. Louis, and you're jonesing for pizza topped with all of that signature cheese, drop everything and head over. I've heard this is one of the few places you can find it. I'm always surprised at the variety of people here and how little I've spent during happy hour when I walk out the door.  Dinner can be a little pricey, but you can order anything off the menu at the bar so it might be a good place to start.
4	Really good food, and a unexpectedly busy back bar that seems to be busy every night of the week. I don't usually end up here till after 9, but they must have an amazing happy hour, by the looks of the crowd...The steaks are simply perfection.The atmosphere is nice and dark, though they could update the furnishings a bit.Great place to just grab appetizers and lounge around with pals.
4	Some guy friends are way into this place, and half of them are from St. Louis, so it makes sense.  The pizza, ribs and gooey butter cake are phenomenal.  The roasted corn side is great, just fresh kernels scraped off the cob, as well as the mashed potatoes, etc.  Plus, the interior is like my dream house- dark, with rope lighting, a great bar, friendly people and big couches with a huge tv.
4	I can't wait to come back and actually eat dinner.  We basically crashed a birthday dinner and nibbled on appetizers and dessert.  The Ravioli appetizers were yummy.  Little cheese and meat filled pasta baked to perfection with a marina dipping sauce went well with our wine.  When the birthday dessert was passed around the ooey gooey butter cake was to die for!  I  might be having dreams about it soon.  I wanted to devour the whole plate but that is very un-lady-like and I was already a little uncomfortable not actually being invited for the festivities!   The interior was very romantic.  Dim lighting with candle light.  They even have outdoor seating but you are facing Scottsdale Rd so that might not be the best spot for a quiet intimate night.  The prices were very reasonable and the service was amazing!
4	This place has fantastic food at reasonable prices, incredibly friendly and attentive service, and a great atmosphere that lies somewhere between comfy cozy casual to romantic and classy. So why the hell is this place so empty??I'm sure it has some busy nights, but when I've gone there's hardly anyone in there. Perhaps it's just a well-kept secret. Or maybe people just forget it's there. Or it could be just that I've only gone there on off hours.I do have a few ideas actually - and this could explain the 4 star reviews instead of 5. The food is very rich and the portions are huge. It's almost old fashioned cuisine. Everything I've had has been awesome, but I think they could get a little more modern with some of their dishes... although they do offer some good contemporary or at least unique stuff.It's also pretty dark in there - I would definitely bring dates here (if I was single) for the intimacy, but not everyone likes to eat in such a dark restaurant. This is also a little old-school. I guess that's it - that's the only thing I can find fault with here. Otherwise, it's got a cool patio and a great bar, the kitchen is open until midnight and it's just an all-around solid place to hang out.
5	I've been to Frashers a few times. Each time the service has been great and the food wonderful! The steaks are great and I've never had a better pork chop then here. The pork chop is also thick and juicy. A real delight!The roasted corn as a side is outstanding. If you like corn, that is a must side. I believe the corn is only offered seasonally though.You can choose to eat in the dining room or in a little more casual setting in the bar area. Be warned there is TV on there with sports and ESPN. Needless to say, I don't get to sit in this area!This is a perfect place for a nice dinner with friends/family or a romantic dinner with your significant other.
4	Yum!!I love Frasher's. I love that there has always been speculation amongst my friends as to how to pronounce it. (it's not rocket science people) I love that the place is often full of strippers (who doesn't like strippers) and I love love love the food. They used to have this shrimp salad that was amazing. I haven't seen it on the menu for quite some time but every time I went I ordered this salad. This was back in my pseudo vegetarian days when the only meat I consumed was of the fish/ shellfish variety. Now that I'm fully obsessed with suicide by red meat I opt for the Filet. The Toasted Ravioli and Stuffed Mushroom Caps are also a favorite, especially if I'm more there to get my buzz on than eat a full meal. All in all I've had nothing but good experiences at Frasher's. Even if my meal didn't come with a lap dance... I can always just run across the street for that nonsense. P.S. Bring back the shrimp salad.
4	I finally ate dinner here and it's official:  I am a fan!I decided to go with the salmon.  Yeah, I know we are in the desert and yes it's a steak house but I was not in the mood for beef that night.   The salmon was excellent as were the steamed veggies and of course we ordered the ooey gooey cake.
5	Okay - I've been going here fairly regularly and I've upgraded this to a 5 star place. The food is awesome and the people here are rad. It's one of my new favorites. I don't know what I was thinking giving it a 4. I'm stupid.This place ranges from quite busy to comfortably laid back as it turns out. It's always an easy place to go though. As for the pronunciation, I used to say it like "Frasier's" instead of like it's spelled and then for some reason started saying it like it's spelled for the last few months. Tonight I asked the owner and he confirmed it was pronounced like Frasier's. I feel stupid yet again, but at least I've been sending people there.
5	Five stars for the ooey gooey butter cake alone. Even if everything else at this place sucked (fortunately, it doesn't), that cake would merit 5 stars. I woke up thinking about it this morning!The toasted ravioli was good and the sauce for dipping had a nice bite. The wine list had some good selections at reasonable prices including Rombauer merlot for $40.Didn't even get to try dinner yet... will I need a sixth star?
4	I am going to admit that I was pleasantly surprised by Frasher's. Normally I wouldn't be caught dead in a steakhouse being that I am a vegetarian, but the bar area here is pretty cool. Nice, dark and loungy. They had really tasty fried ravioli, bread and the ooey gooey cake. Yeah. That cake was godly. We had amazing service. Our server was extremely attentive and friendly. We got our food and drinks really quickly. And it was still warm when it got to the table. That's a plus. ha My one negative comment stems from the bathroom. They had some cleaning chemicals lying around and I kind of felt like I was in a meth lab. Not that I know what a meth lab looks like, but one can assume. Good location... McDowell and Scottsdale... or just north of McDowell. It's far enough away from everything to not be crowded, but a good place to add into the rotation. I cannot wait to go back for that cake... mmmmm,,,,
5	The thin-crust pizza at Frasher's is an acquired taste.  From what I know, the ingredients are all imported from a pizza chain in St. Louis called Imo's.  The cheese is not mozzarella, and has a texture of Velveeta.  But this is not a bad thing.  Sure, it sticks to the back of your teeth, but man, is it good.In addition to the great pizza, Frasher's offers amazing toasted raviolis, which are also a St. Louis delicacy.The ambiance is pleasant, offering both a formal dining area and a lounge, replete with leather couches and chairs.If I could convince the misses to go to Frasher's every night, I would be a happy, and slightly larger, man.
5	Frasher's truly deserves 5 stars. This is my all time favorite place to go whenever I am in Scottsdale. The service is outstanding. The entire menu rocks from the appetizers to the desert.
5	Frasher's recipe is simple - great food (St. Louis style) and an incredibly friendly staff. It's not the nicest place in the world (the booths could use some TLC) but it does have some charm.The filet, smoked chicken, and ribs are all amazing. The side item choices you get with your dishes are also great. I would suggest the loaded baked potato and the corn. The desserts are also fantastic. As mentioned by others, the gooey cake is excellent, as well as their cheesecakes. My boyfriend and I can never seem to get out of there for under $70. Well worth it though! We plan on going back soon and trying the pizza, which always looks so good coming out of the kitchen to the other tables.Frasher's is worth driving a bit south of Old Town Scottsdale and trying something off the beaten path.
5	Alright, not going to lie.  This place kind of took me by surprise.  I must have driven by Frashers at least a thousand times over the past 7 years that I've been in AZ.  Never once felt compelled to go in and check it out.Then over the holidays earlier in the year, my brother and his family came in town to visit me from NYC.  To put it simply, they are VERY hard to impress or even please for that matter.  I love them to pieces but they are the epitome of the Park Avenue princesses who find flaws with everything!!  The Phoenician and Mary Elaines (back when it was still there) were incredibly "sub par."  I took them to Mastros and they acted like I was trying to poison them.Then, believe it or not, after taking a suggestion from someone who worked at the hotel, we wound up at Frashers.  I assumed we were doomed from the second we walked in the door.  The interior?  Very understated and even had a bit of a bar crowd for the last few minutes of happy hour.  Not a good start for the upper east siders...Then my brother opens the wine list, sees a bottle of Silver Oak he usually pays around $200 for in the city selling for $70, and decides to give it a shot.And thank the lord we did!  That food was incredible!  And I mean everything!  My filet was absolutely divine!  Literally beat the pants off of Mastros at a much lower price.  My brother and his kids could not believe how good their food was either.  It was hilarious.  His wife practically couldn't speak the entire meal.  My nephew ordered some BBQ sampler if memory serves, and he killed the entire thing, saying over and over again how it was the "best chicken, ribs, steak etc that he had ever had in his entire life!"  Much to his mother's dismay of course : )Anyways, if you want a ridiculously good meal that will completely catch you off guard, go to Frashers.  Great food and great wine at almost half the price of what comparable places in the valley would run you...what more can you ask for??
5	I was in Phoenix on a business trip with 3 fellow workers and we were on a Quest while here to find a Great Steak.  Our first attempt at finding one was a disappointment.  See my review of T-Bones for that.After checking out  Scottsdale Old Town District we wanted to find a good steak.  We asked a cute clerk at a shop in the area where to go and she said Frasher's Steakhouse & Lounge was her highest recommendation that she had never had a bad meal there.  Cool, so we went looking for it.  When we walked in it looked nice and casual with booths and a bar in the center area. Our waitress was a very sweet little lady and she never let my glass run empty.  We started with a couple appetizers, Combo platter which had Potato Skins, Stuffed mushrooms and toasted ravioli served with a marinara sauce & the second one was chicken drummies which was smoked chicken wings.  It was all very good and didn't last long.  The bread basket and herb butter was also wounderful, the waitress brought us more herb butter without us having to beg for it.For main course we all ordered the Rib Eye which was listed on the menu as "14oz Midwestern corn feeded beef, grilled to your specification with secret basting sauce".  Oh My God were they great!  They were near an inch thick and cooked as we ordered perfect.  Mine was Medium Rare red and hot all though it.  It was so tender with just the right amount of fat on it to give it the taste we were looking for.  I give my highest recommendation to this Steakhouse & lounge.  This was my second trip to Phoenix and if I come back again I will be back to Frasher's.  The Quest for a Great Steak was completed with 100% happy faces and full stomachs!
4	The dining room was pretty cozy and had nice atmosphere. The ravioli appetizer looked mediocre but tasted well above average. The St Louis steak sandwich I had was quite good although the garlic mashed potatoes were a bit too rich and over whipped. The service was excellent. I will go back there very soon.
3	I went here on my birthday with my husband and mother.  I found the booth we sat in to be uncomfortable and needing to be replaced.  I ordered a dirty martini and it was very good!  Good price also.  We got the fried raviolis for an appetizer and I think that was my favorite part of the meal.  I ordered a veggie burger (since I am a vegetarian) and it was just so- so.  It was served on bread instead of a bun which bugged me.  They did bring out a complimentary ooey gooey cake for dessert but I didn't try any.  I won't go out of my way to return again.
4	Funky atmosphere, great food, great service, generous cocktails.  Definitely worth going out of your way for.  I'll be back!
3	The first time I ate here was when my in-laws visited two years ago.  I had the teriyaki glazed salmon, and found it to be just okay.  The garlic mashed potatoes are whipped so I didn't really enjoy that either.After the food situation at ZooBrew was a bust, Dottsy Z and I with our plus ones zipped over here for dinner on Friday evening.  First off, we had excellent service, and there was free live soft porn for entertainment.  Stay tuned for Dottsy's review--she had the best view of the "action."  We started off with the toasted ravioli with meat.  I didn't think it was great, but I would have preferred the cheese.  My husband had a steak which he said was very good.  I went with the smoked salmon appetizer for a light dinner.  "Light dinner."  There are two words that usually aren't next to each other in my vocabulary.  With the salmon was warm pita, a horseradish mousse, and capers.  I couldn't detect the horseradish which was fine with me.  The plate was a nice combination of flavors.  A little green apple or cheese might be a nice addition, but I enjoyed it.I might have bumped Frasher's to four stars had Dottsy's plus one not found a piece of plastic in his sandwich (supposedly from the turkey).  As it is, I still can't say that I'm a fan.
3	Craving steak, and remembering this was a place I had been meaning to try, we came on a Friday night. It was not very busy at all. Our server was very good, highlighting what were the best items on the menu.We ordered the appetizer combo of toasted ravioli, potato skins, and stuffed mushrooms. The mushrooms, with spinach and gorgonzola, tasted muddy. Not literally, of course, but the flavors were just not clean and bright. The ravioli were quite good, with melty cheese and bits of jalapeno. The potato skins- more like slabs- had a Southwest kick with a black bean salsa. They were just OK.I had the ribeye, and it was cooked just as I wanted at medium rare. The baked potato was huge, but not as hot as I would have liked it. The quarter-stick of butter (I'm not joking) sticking out of it barely melted. My husband had the french dip. The bun was good, he said, but the beef was too thickly cut and well-done for his taste. It was also spicier than he had anticipated with what he thought was a combo of grilled onions, horseradish, and mustard. He ended up just picking off the meat and he didn't even finish that.The soups were a mixed bag. The mushroom was cream based, but with the addition of gouda cheese, was simply too rich. I also found myself wishing there were pieces of mushroom in it, not just a puree. The steak soup was also cream based, but palatable. I didn't taste much of a difference in flavor, as if the two had the same base. All in all, dinner was fine. Not great. Not rushing to return.
5	I can't remember how many times I've been to Frashers....but there hasn't been a time where I wasn't 100% satisfied.Steak is always cooked to perfection and my started is always the fried cheese & meat ravioli's:))  This last time my friend from San Francisco suggested I taste some of his ooey gooey cake........it was orgasmic.George...always look for you when I'm there.  Missed you the last time.  LOVE YOUR PLACE!!!!!!!!
5	Toasted Ravioli...Excellent.Filet Mignon...Best I've ever had.Ribs...Best I've ever had.French Dip...Best I've ever had.Love this place.
4	I've been hearing about this place for years, but never ventured in.  I've been missing out.   The service was friendly and well-paced.  We had what we needed without being bombarded.  The prices were incredibly reasonable.We sat on the patio which had a good vibe, and I would like to check out the inside as well.The food was really good.  I can't give it 5-stars because MY food was not incredible, but it IS pretty much what i expect from a grilled chicken breast -- I wasn't super-hungry so i ordered light and the chicken was fairly dry, but still really tasty.  The ribs, on  the other hand, were fantastic!!  Next time I go, I'll definitely be going with a larger appetite and indulging in appetizers and desserts as well.
5	Fantastic!  I love this place.  Good drinks, great appetizers, good atmosphere, great salads, FANTASTIC butter cake.
5	YUM YUM YUM.5 STARS!!!!The best filet minion in town! My hubby and I always get the split plate and have mash potatoes and corn to save room for desert.They have awesome wine. I love the bar. Sit in the bar for sure.  The other side is a bit Ihop-ish...I know, I know thats harsh...but true...The bar is where its at.The crumbly bleu cheese salad is amazing.The hummus rocks!!!The Dirty Martini's have blue cheese olives! YUM...Staff is very friendly, bartenders are generous, prices are good.The new updated patio is beautiful....Great for watching sports, they even have couches around the bigscreen!!!!This place could for sure use a new stereo system as the one they have cracks and pops...but that is the only thing I can find fault with.AWESOME! EAT HERE!
4	I was so excited to find this place. Frasher's brings me back home to St. Louis. Surround yourself with St. Louis sports memorabilia and large Hitachi TVs (Hitachi is my fav). Try the crispy toasted ravioli (T-Ravs) and if you're feeling adventurous, order the cracker thin, gooey cheese (provel) St. Louis style pizza. Both are accurate to the style and quality you'll find at just about any St.Louis corner. A wikipedia entry for St. Louis Style Pizza:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St._Louis-style_pizzaThe T-Ravs are sooo good. ...Even Mastros Steakhouse serves them (although on the kid's menu). Heh. Order and devour them.Warning: This pizza isn't for everyone. St. Louisians love it, but it'll take a long long while before outsiders get used to its overwhelming superior gooey cheese texture. Order the steak and the T-Ravs if you're not ready to coat the top of your mouth with cheese.For reference to the steak: My friend from my college days in St. Louis was visiting from Los Angeles, and he had the steak with T-ravs. He was pleased. Also, sit outside if it's late and you're not up for sports. Their cushioned patio furniture is comfy. Out of 10 (10 being the best, 5 average)Decor: 7 (tacky but comfortable and generally clean)Food: 10 (if you're from St.Louis, you'll agree with me)Service: 7
2	The atmosphere outside on the patio is nice, but the food wasn't more than mediocre at best. Good service.
3	I waiver between a 2.5 and a 3 which is a shame because we really liked the food but experienced horrible service. We called in advance and was told to come on over... but the were told there might not be a table because of so many reservations... I shot back with a "if we had known the person we talked to was not truthful about open tables we would have gone elsewhere" ... the girl made some excuse about not working the front and not knowing the situation.... was it my sweatshirt that indicated we should go elsewhere? or was there something else similar to the old couple who kept staring at us during dinner that we were unaware of that isn't acceptable in Scottsdale? No tables my ass... we were promptly seated once the hostess came.... *irritation level rising...did we make a mistake and should we have gone elsewhere?*So strike one Highlight: two drunk men taking 6 roses out of the bin.. handing a seventh to me (which I put back) and saying they had girls to impress. After the whole seating deal we settled on the following: There was no asking if we wanted appetizers or beverages like at other tables.... she just asked if we were ready to order *well... point of no return*I got the crab stuffed dover sole with green chili mac n cheese and the acorn squash. The BF got the halibut with the acorn squash and the garlic mashed potatoes.... (each entree comes with two sides of your choice)The halibut was unevenly cooked so perfect in some parts and overcooked in others. Other than that... he liked his mash and squash. The stuffed sole was perfectly cooked and the green chili mac in cheese was okay.. it was creamy but not a lot of kick... the pasta was also well cooked (not soft and mushy). The acorn squash was like candy... it had some walnuts, cranberry sauce and cinnamon. The servings are huge but there is little detail to presentation. The three portions of sole were different sizes, the panko was slightly burned and the portions were not all the way breaded. If you don't care about stuff like that then awesome.. if you are a stickler and a firm believer if a place that tries to have a classy atmosphere but doesn't it is disappointing... you will be irritated. The gooey golden cake was something mentioned on several reviews so we ordered it...... Strike two...The waitress gave us the bill sans cake right after we ordered.... we asked if we did not make ourselves clear when we ordered... she (again) apologized... usually that stuff is comp'd when there are so many party fouls.. we got charged... for us no biggie..we had already gotten a lasting impression. Overall the gooey cake... I recommend passing. It is okay... the carmel sauce on it is decent but it is nothing memorable.Food is 3-4 stars Service was a 1.5-2 (at least at our table.. everyone else seemed to be getting great service with a smile.... perhaps next time I should wear my gucci heals and bebe dress) For our two entrees, 1 iced tea and the dessert it came out to around 73.00 bucks. This is my first "fail" here in Az. The reviews thus far on yelp have steered me right...because the food was overall good in flavor... it was not a total loss.
3	Holy garlic mashed potatoes! I probably would have not even taken the time to review Frasher's had it not been for these wonderfully buttery, perfectly seasoned spuds. After taking one bite of those I was thoroughly excited for the rest of my meal but sadly everything else was just ok.. we had the stuffed mushrooms, creamy spinach and gorganzola stuffed inside a mushroom topped with a cream sauce sounded good on paper but was not very well executed. The grilled chicken breast was a bit dry with not a lot of flavor, and the penne pasta was a little over cooked and mushy, and please don't get me started on the vegetable of the day, butternut squash, just gross, under cooked, under seasoned, and unimpressive. The crab legs, one of their daily specials were well prepared and tasty, no wow factor in them but delicious none the less, and the peppercorn steak soup and garden salad were both filling and yummy but still again nothing to call home to my mother about. As for the ambiance, it was pleasant, we sat out on the patio and although the traffic of Scottsdale road was a little distracting I still enjoy my time there, the music however was a little odd for a steakhouse, 80's hairband rock and weird techno beats, interesting if nothing else. I don't know if I would ever want to come back here when there are so many other amazing knock-your-socks-off restaurants around this area.  But still worth checking out at least once.
5	Very cool hangout, we are bar patrons but the food is good too.  In fact, I have several friends that come in from outta town and they always want to have dinner at Frashers.  They have $$ but they say the filet at Frashers is the best for the money they have ever had.  I think its like $20 and comes w a huge loaded baked potato (or whatever other side dish) and a 2nd side.  They have some D'lish St Louis oooey gooey cake for dessert.  Chorizo stuffed mushrrom are goooood.  Good ribs w a peanut glaze.  Yummy wings.  Good salads.  You get the point.  Great burger and chicken sandwhich.  Good seafood and chops specials each night too.  The place is old school and hip at the same time which sounds wierd but you will see what Im talking about when you go there.  Bartenders and strippers hang out there so that tells you that it is hip w the locals and has a unique yet unpretentious vibe.  Its the kind of place you start the evening out at, grab dinner and drinks, then go to the clubs.  Then you realize the clubs suck and you wind up back there for the rest of the night!  Sometimes the owner is barefoot but wearing a suit.  Thats George Frasher.  Hes a goofy cool f*ck!
5	We went to Frashers while in Scottsdale on business and were first greeted by the lovely smell of smoked meats which is always a good sign.  We had happy hour on the patio, and all of the apps were great.  What really racked up the stars for this place was the service.  Our waitress Casey, is hands down the best server I have ever seen. She was personable, polite, and very good at her job.  We were all astounded but how great the service is here. Nice to find a place with good food and good staff.
3	My friend's sister lives in Arizona, and she recommended this place for dinner.  Since we were getting tired of our regular Spring Training hangouts, and we were too lazy to do our own research, we agreed to meet at Frasher's.The white stucco building is not particularly impressive on the outside or on the inside.  On the outside it looks like any other building outside of Old Town.  On the inside it looks like a Carrows, but with a much better looking waitstaff.  The green vinyl booths, mirrored walls and white Christmas lights made it a tad difficult to accept Frasher's as a fine dining establishment.  It was, though.We had a big party, and our waitress handled all seven of us with ease.  At various points throughout dinner, other servers came to her rescue, which made it easier on her and on us.  She couldn't have been over 21, but she seemed to know what she was doing.  Her customer service skills and her knowledge of the menu were also top-notch.We ordered two appetizer plates to share: potato skins and stuffed mushrooms.  Potato skins came with salsa, which I could have done without.  The stuffed mushrooms didn't have any discernible flavor, even though they were fun to eat.I ordered their house salad as an add-on to my entree.  For $3, it was a good value.  Speaking of entrees, I had the prime rib dinner.  The prime rib was cooked more medium than I wanted (I asked, as I always do, for medium rare).   The meat was lean, but dense.  I liked my sides, though.  The roasted garlic mashed potatoes were very well prepared with distinctive garlicky taste and just enough salt.  My second side was FGT - couscous with raisins, served cold.  It was an interesting take on couscous, and it made my prime rib seem more exotic.I may have ordered the wrong things, but I fail to see what makes Frasher's a St. Louis-style restaurant.  They did offer the St. Louis style pizza though.  Sadly, I didn't leave the restaurant nearly as enthused as the little man on the logo dancing in front of the Gateway Arch.
5	My boyfriends family came in to town from St. Louis this past weekend so he decided to take them to Frasher's because he knew thats where the owners are from. We all had a great time! The food was fantastic, the service was great and to top it off there was live music.I highly recommend it!
3	After a great day of Giants Minor League Baseball, Frasher's looked like an interesting place. Really high Yelp ratings and a ghetto-looking exterior. The interior was vintage 70's and the booths were held together with duct tape. I keep saying to myself, "but it got 4.5 stars on Yelp, let's just try it!"And, try it we did. Between 3 of us, we tried the Prime Rib (only served Fri/Sat), the large Fillet and I opted for the the Chicken and Ribs barbecue combination. Everything was excellent and the service was wonderful. I can't really give this a five star rating, though. The breakdown was as follows:Food 3.5 starService 4 starAmbiance 2 starThe good news is the food and service which usually kills a restaurant are good enough, that it would be simple to remodel/upgrade the interior. We went on a Saturday around 6:30 (with a reservation). It was fairly dead inside until 7PM when it seemed hundreds lined up to get into Frasher's. If you give this place a try, get here early!
4	Had a really good experience here. The menu is kind of all over the place with meal prices starting around $7 and going over $30 per plate. It's a steakhouse that is decorated like a sports bar!?!  The food was good and even though I was with a large group, the service was great. I don't think there were any mistakes on our order and we always had beverages in front of us. I don't see myself rushing back here but would eat here again.
4	I'm an eat at the bar kind of gal. That being said, I love eating at Frasher's Bar. I've never even eaten in the main dining room so my review might differ a little from the other reviewers. First, the guys that work behind the large wrap around bar are all awesome. They are super casual and very helpful when it comes to needing their opinion on food or drinks. SOme of the other reviews have mentioned that the menu is a little scattered and this is true. There is everything from steak to pizza to fried raviolis. I've saddled up to the bar numerous times and sampled a variety of items but all that ended the day I ate their Steak Sandwich. I never ordered a different entree after that fateful day. This sandwich is dynamite. Seriously delicious. It's made with big slices of filet, provo cheese, and peppers & onions on a hard roll. And the big kicker is that it is only $12!!! Amazing. I've paid $10 for cheesesteaks from a hut on a corner that probably served Steak-Em's ....so $12 for FILET? Yes, please. Also, they have amazing giant bowls of soup that change daily. Even though this place is a steakhouse it's pretty casual and full of a mixed group of people. So go and sit at the bar and dive into the steak sandwich. Mmmmmmm.
5	We have been going to Frasher's for 6 years. We have always received amazing food & service. We drive from central Phoenix to Scottsdale, for a meal that is always worth the trip. Some of our favorites are St Louis Style Ribs, Teriyaki Salmon, Steak, garlic mashed potatoes.  George is the owner/mgr. and always checks on us. We are business owners also and really appreciate being treated the way we treat our Guests.
4	The bar chairs are surprisingly comfortable here, the bartenders are very friendly and the crowds are attractive, yet not as pretentious as some bars in Scottsdale.  I've come here for New Year's before and had a great time, plus it was not as expensive as most in this area.  I've only tried a few of the appetizers and a salad which were tasty and fresh.
5	Best filet in Scottsdale!  Best price too!  Where else do you get two sides with a great steak?  I always do the mash potatos and corn, yum.  Loaded baked potato is a meal itself too.  I've had other meals there, all good.  Pizza is amazing, love provel cheese.  Also great wine list.  Sit in the bar, always freindly service.
4	I'm a St. Louis native, so when I say the T-ravs, pizza, and gooey butter cake are all excellent, I mean it.  One bartender was really nice,  April I think her name was.  One was kind of curt/mean, a tall  thin blonde lady.  Other than that, awesome place.
5	Best food and service; thanks for a great time both times that I have been there.
2	I am from Wisconsin.  Every steakhouse in Northern Wisconsin looks, feels, and acts just like this one.  So I apologize if my review is tainted.  In summary, great meat, with little else.The service was average, the food (in this case, the sides): average, the atmosphere...ugh.I'll just wait to experience this...at half the price...next time I am visiting Wisconsin.
1	This place looks abandoned and we should have left it at that, rather than actually eat here. We walked in and the only room that was lit and had people in it was the bar. The menu looked okay but it was NOT a smoke or steakhouse from what the menu says. If it wasn't for the very nice waitress I would have sent my ribs back (and the mashed potatoes that I was talked into). I had the "mayfair salad" which the menu states is their version of a caesar salad, and it was the only thing that was palatable. I could not cut the rack of ribs with a steak knife! Hello?! The mashed potatoes were like glue and tasteless. My husband had the ribeye steak and said it was average, but he did like his baked potato (it's kind of hard to screw up a baked potato, isn't it?). I will never return to this place, and in my opinion, you should'nt bother with it either.
3	A bit pricey but the food and service were both very good. House salad, steak, roast chicken and the desserts had no complainers. The waitress was a real sweetie and she didn't fuss one bit when we kept asking her for more fresh bread.....over and over again! :O)
3	10yr vet of this joint.... sad to say, food quality is slipping.. ya commodities are getting up there, who out there except for the medicare crew and the midwest fannypackers wouldn't rather pay a few bucks more for quality vs a mediocre meal to hit a price point... Lady Frasher, I am breaking up with you... you were excellent, now you are good... still great service and great corcktailz, but... you are like the girlfriend that kissed another dude... ya I'll be back.... for corcktailz and apps before the gentlemen's  club official inspection service.  It is o.k. to charge for quality.
4	I've been going to Frasher's now for about 5 years and took my GF there last night for Valentine's Day. We started with cocktails, toasted ravioli and split a house salad (all very good). For entrees she had the 6oz Filet, garlic mashed potatos and asparagus while I had crab stuffed filet of sole, mac & cheese and spinich. Service was excellent, so was the food as usual and George stopped by the table to say hello & thanks!
4	Love the steak and gooey butter cake. :)
1	What a dump.  With all of our Spring Training choices...to give them money was criminal.  We actually made reservations and were delayed getting to our table by 1/2 hour.  That's where the fun started...they were out of ribs which we thought interesting for a steakhouse.  They were also out of our first two selections of chardonnay wines.  We did order reds as well for the beef, but by that time not even the overtaxed waitresses could lift our spirits.  They are wonderful, but not worth wasting an evening at this outhouse.
4	Enjoyed a very nice evening there with a special lady. Appetizers, bottle of wine, 3 course dinner, and cigars with port afterwards (out on the patio with the fire pit going) . Local and loving it!
5	Always come here for my uncle and grandpas birthdays and the food gets better and better every time I go! My favorite dish hands down are the ribs, talk about bliss! Would highly recommend this place to anyone of my friends.
4	Can you say Old School or dive steakhouse?  This is it.  The food is good as well as the frosty beverages.  The bar is ultra small and very much like a dive bar but beyond the astetics the food is wonderful.  Some items like the ribs are priced in line with what you would expect of a steakhouse but some things are expensive.  The soup is rad and big portions of fries.
2	This is a dark, old, and really nothing special type of place - basically a dive that was clean. In all, this is not my type of place. The patrons were all in the older crowd 60s+ and it did not seem like it was a place made for foodies.The smoked ribs and chicken were pretty good and the creme brule was average.Reminded me of a lower-end Don & Charlies.
3	From St. Louis? Missing your IMO's Pizza? Then you need to go here for your Pizza fix!I recently had family visiting from St. Louis and was told we need to check out Frasher's. Decor/Atmosphere: If you've ever been to a Ma & Pop Steak House in WI then you'll feel right at home. It's a pretty dark and old with some huge circle booths surrounding the table. There is St. Louis memorabilia all over the walls. Service: ehh - we probably had to wait about 15 minutes from when we placed our drink order to when we placed our food order. She was friendly and knowledgeable but would have loved to see her a little more often....Food: If you've never tried the St. Louis style pizza you really should! A thin crust pizza topped with the amazing Provel cheese and sausage. It's much higher priced then good ol' IMOs back in Missouri but I'll pay the price to get it out here in the valley. The toasted ravioli was among the best I have ever had. The loaded potato skins were loaded with pretty much loaded to the max - a little loaded for my taste with cheese, onions, bacon, black beans, and I'm sure a few other things that I'm forgetting (I'd personally prefer TGIFridays). I ordered the Provel Chicken Sandwich because it had provel in the name - meaning I should love it. I was pretty disappointed with the sandwich though. The fried chicken was a little tough to bite through but was moist on the inside but there was a severe lack of provel cheese from what I was envisioning. The complimentary bread served with some flavored butter is pretty awesome though!If you're from St. Louis they have the book for you to sign and of course write down which high school you went to.Summary: Go for the pizza, bread, and toasted ravioli.
4	Checked out Frasher's for an early Sun.dinner.I was trying to explain the Imo's pizza in STL.to a friend.The thin crust pizza was delish and spot on.The waitress was very friendly and service was great.We'll be back for pizza and try a few other on their menu.Manyof their key ingredients are shipped in from STL. and we were able to buy a # of the provel cheese to go.YUM
4	Definatly here for the pizza. Provel cheese YUMMM!!!!
2	Rather disappointed. Was looking forward to going here on a Saturday Night as we were meeting a group old friends and had never been. Heard good things about the joint and had watched the review on PBS some time ago. First off, the bartender needs to learn some social skills, as well as, a refresher on some of the basics. Sat down and took over 5 minutes to greet us - there were total of 5 people at the bar. Gave us a drink menu then took a full 10 minutes to come back. Really? Wasn't like he was doing anything important, just casually chatting with some customers while we wait dry and parched. Sorry to interrupt your conversation but Alcohol sales are waiting over here sir! He wasn't fully knowledgeable about the liquors the establishment offers either. How about a cocktail napkin for the sweaty beer - they were 6 inches from where he set the glass down. In fact no one had cocktail napkins; just plain lazy. He never checked back with us either or asked for food sales. I had to flag him down to order appetizers. Never came back either, we ended up just leaving and going to the table. I hate that "Scottsdale Bartender" mentality of it seemingly being a favor to serve you. Don't flatter yourself lazy bar-keep. The wait staff is mature and knowledgeable. Out gal was quirky and funny - we liked her personality. She dropped the ball a few times on beverage service though. Thirsty 12-top of people waiting for drinks decreases your sales and inevitably your tip as the check is smaller. Big hint: Six chicks at the table, you might want to suggest desserts as they WILL order them, but won't if not asked. FOOD:Started with Hummus app and pot-stickers. Nothing to write home about and presentation was plain generic. Pot-stickers were on the cold side too. I ordered a Caesar salad sans the croutons with extra dressing and extra cheese. Came out w/o the extras and was quite dry. Had to ask for more dressing which was brought out. This might be picky but I like my Caesar tossed so it's even and not dressing poured over the top. The big kicker for me was the abundance of giant leafy romaine tops. A Caesar should be the hearts of romaine and chopped - not the other end of the leafy bush as it's too bitter. It was not enjoyed. I ordered prime rib since we're in a steak house right. Ordered it MEDIUM RARE. MR should be red with some blood. The server dropped my plate and ran before comment so I sat there looking at a piece of Medium Well shoe leather. With that said, the 12 dinners came out wildly staggered and auctioned off at the table - real bush league. How difficult are table/seat numbers. "Who has the Sole? Who has the Steak?" is so unrefined. Some of the guys at the table were served before their wives and then were patiently waiting to eat until their partner's meal arrived - result cold food. Others were finished with their meal before others even got their entrees. The table service as a whole was disconnected and awkward.  Anyhow, I had to send back the prime rib as I don't eat shoe leather; especially for like $30 something bucks. It came back and it was MEDIUM not MEDIUM RARE. I'm not one for the double send back as you don't know what might be brought back the third time if you know what I mean. So I pained through it, and pained I did as this Prime Rib was super bland - really disappointing. In fact all of the food was rather bland and in need of seasoning. One other item was a side of this couscous thingy that sounded interesting. It wasn't - it was awful. Crunchy and tasted odd. Now with that said, it very well may be the correct way to prepare this, I don't know, but it tasted like eating raw rice to me. No coffee or dessert were offered. I would have ordered a Grand Marnier or a Sambucca if asked as well. What a tasteless train-wreck. I can think of a ton of other places to drop $140.00 in this part of town.
3	Great little find!  Food's always good and service is efficient but not overly impressive... They get the job done and do it well.  HH is pretty good and the wine list isn't bad either.  Never had a dish I didn't like.  I have gone a couple times and plan on keeping it in the rotation of local joints to frequent.
5	Gonna keep it short and sweet since I'm stuffed like no other! Great rib eye steak and service! Their bread and butter was good also; the bread was hot from the oven when they served it. Overall, great steakhouse that you should eat at.
5	After looking at my other reviews and seeing how they were only complaints, I figured I should add something about what's become my favorite restaurant in the valley.  Frasher's has the best filet I've ever had.  In the two times I've dined here, both times both my wife and I did the split plate on a large (which basically means you just get two of the smaller filets) and not once have we gotten a steak that wasn't absolutely delicious and cooked exactly medium-rare like we asked.  The place is a tad bit pricey, and I can't really speak towards anything else they have there (the toasted ravioli is decent, though the rest of the appetizer platter was boring), their mashed potatoes are delicious if you like garlic (which I do).
5	Great food at a great price. The steaks and pork chops were amazing; I'm still dreaming for their mashed potatoes. DO NOT MISS the butter cake!!!!!!!Love it!!
2	5 Stars for the delicious food & flavors. No stars for the tired, drab & dusty interior. Very disappointed. Needs a complete interior update overhaul and face lift. The food is great quality, but their portions are monumental, and rather unappetizing with the amount of food on the plate--although this could be appealing to others of a unsophisticated palette. Quite disappointed, but gracious that the quality of meat was outstanding.
2	My husband and I have been here once before but just for drinks and we had told ourselves we need to come back.  Well we did, on a wednesday night and sat out on the patio, lets just say....dont think we will be going back!  Our friends had joined us well and were rather excited to try the place out untill we were there for almost 3 hours and had just got drinks, apps and dinner.  The service was horrible and they werent even busy...they used every excuse possible on why the service was so bad.  We had asked the hostess to speak to a manager and instead of getting the manager she told our server who then came out asking if everything was ok and "did i do something".  Finally the manager had came out and really didnt have a care in the world that we had such a bad experience.  Needless to say we will never go back there!!  Not worth the money in any way!
5	I live right around the corner from Frasher's and up until yesterday have only gone there to get a drink and after finally getting some food there, I'm angry at myself for not eating here sooner. I ordered a strip steak to which they prepared at exactly the way I requested it, medium rare, and it was simply delicious. Coupled with a baked potato and garlic mashed potatoes (I know, I'm weird) the meal and the company I was with we're simply amazing. I'll definitely be back.
4	We stopped in here one night before a movie to grab a quick drink since they stay open pretty late. The interior definitely needs some updating but overall still a decent atmosphere. The bartender was very friendly and was quick to serve us. They have a pretty good menu we tried the fried ravioli appetizer and it was really good also the drinks we ordered were mixed perfectly and he definitely didn't skimp on the liquor lol. I have also been there once before for dinner and thought it was really good I had the half roasted chicken and it came out super moist. Overall Its a nice little gem in a run down plaza but worth checking out.
5	Without a doubt one of the best and most friendly places in town. The Filet is the best and most tender. Friendly staff and seller service. Don't miss it
5	I read some of the reviews about the decor, and I completely disagree.  First of all, one of the best parts about this place is the 1970s, Midwest, Super Club decor and atmosphere. It completely reminds me of the places I grew up going to (which are still there and the same) with my parents in Wisconsin.  I think that is part of the allure of Frasher's.  Their happy hour is fantastic! The drinks are cheap and stiff! Just like in the Midwest. In fact the owners are from St. Louis, and they pride themselves on the nostalgic Midwestern atmosphere, hospitality, and offerings. The food is very good as well. Nice prices for happy hour. They also have a wonderful Lobster Bisque on occasion that is amazing.  The staff is very friendly too.  People from the Midwest would feel right at home, and for those of you who appreciate anything vintage, as well as good food and drinks, this is your place! You will also find a variety of people here. Anyone from your 80 year old snowbird to 20 something hipsters.
5	This is my 2nd time living in Phoenix and this is one of my favorite restaurants.  The food is amazing, the staff is very friendly and the owner goes out of his way to accommodate his patrons.  I'm from the St. Louis area so it's great to be able to go here and watch STL Cardinals baseball.  It's not a sports bar, but instead a nice, sit-down restaurant with a great bar area.  Steak, toasted raviolis, etc., it's all amazing.
5	I have been dining at Frasher's since it opened, everytime I do it is a great experience. Last night we had a table for my boss' bachelor party and as always George and his staff made it a memorable occasion. Food is amazing, service is always superior and they always make sure that a special occasion is not overlooked !
5	Scottsdale's late night secret, steaks and smoke house. Order the fillet and close your eye's you'd be in the most snooty of they steak house's  without the BS. Kitchen open tell midnight, dimly lit bar and the music only sucks half the time. I'm sharing with you what I have kept to myself long enough, all around great place recomended.
4	Ate here last night for the first time. Our waitress, Chelsea, really knew the menu and gave us some good info for ordering. Enjoyed our salads, entrees and especially the butter cake! The coffee was an added bonus - freshly roasted from a place in cave creek. This is a perfect spot to meet friends and enjoy good food and conversation.
5	I'm a native St. Louisian so I'm going to rate this place 110%.Feeling a little homesick, a sorority sister of mine (also a transplant to AZ from MO) took me here to watch game 6 Cards v. Giants. We dined on toasted ravilois, povel cheese pizza (STL style, of course) and gooey butter cake. It was totally magical. Not only did the place look, feel and even smell like St. Louis but they had the Cards game playing with MO sports memrobilia everywhere. It was outstanding.I WILL BE BACK.
4	We've driven by here a few times and eaten at other restaurants in the area but never actually stopped in. The outside is pure white stucco and misleading. I say this because while it looks old and outdated on the outside, the food inside is amazing. My husband came here and had dinner while I attended Yelp's Cocktail Society. He ordered a ribeye steak with mashed potatoes and corn. He said it was one of the best steaks he has ever eaten at a restaurant. I snuck out during the event to get a taste of this amazing ribeye and he's right - it was delicious! It was huge - almost an inch thick and a rather large portion. It was tender and juicy and flavored just right. He ordered medium-rare and it was perfectly cooked. My husband even said the corn was good (which surprised me since he normally doesn't order corn and like it). For dessert, he ordered the butter cake and let me tell you, their butter cake is sooo good. I was lucky enough to try some and it just melts in your mouth. Yuuuum. I can't wait to come back here and have another amazing steak!
5	I love Frasher's! This restaurant came to my attention several years ago, and it has stayed on my radar ever since. Frasher's is literally perfect for every occasion- watching the ball game, dinner with the family or a late night rowdy bar stop.The staff at Frasher's is very friendly, and always very accommodating. I have witnessed them make sure that patrons get home safely if they have had too much to drink, and I really like how they always remember my name and what I drink when I come in.The food is wonderful! They have a great happy hour, but the full dinner menu is awesome as well. They have wonderful flat breads, and their rib eye is to die for! For dessert, make sure that you try the ooey gooey butter cake- it's heaven in your mouth! Seriously!Some yelpers have commented that the interior needs some updating, but I actually disagree. That is the vibe you are supposed to have- it is an old, St. Louis style bar. So what if there are lots of mirrors and dim lighting? It's fun!
4	Finally got the chance to eat at Frasher's, and I really liked it. The steak was great, and the mashed potatoes and corn were also very good! It's a dark classy place where if I was the type to get a drink after work this is where'd I go. Maybe when I hit 50 or something. However, I'd still come back here for a quick drink or grab a very good steak.
5	I want to say thank you to the staff!  You guys were great!  I cant for the life of me get that gooey butter cake out of my mind, possibly the best thing I have ever had! Can't wait to come back and try one of your famous steaks!
5	I found this restaurant through the MU Alumni Association and I really enjoy it.There's plenty of parking outside which can be a factor in Scottsdale.  The outdoor patio is spacious and once inside I was pleasd to find the bar decorated in sports memorabilia from MO.  The menu is extensive and the daily specials are a sure bet.I couldn't resist the toasted ravioli and thin crust Imo's pizza flown in from St. Louis.They always show the MO games even if they're on ESPN3.  The staff is friendly and George, the Owner/Host, is never far away, making everyone feel right at home.I highly recommend this establishment for it's food, drinks, service and atmosphere.
5	4.7/5 stars - If you are from St. Louis you understand. If not and you are not planning to go to Missouri in the next 4 months go to Frashers and order the following: Toasted Meat Ravioli, The Original St. Louis Style pizza, & Gooey Butter Cake. The only deviation from this is to order the 14 inch pizza (which is not on the menu) if with someone.
3	Guinness on tap gets them an extra star. The ribeye was just okay. The broccoli was very good, garlic mashed were good. The Mac and cheese was worth trying, but I don't think I would get it again. I will say like everyone else the gooey butter cake is by far the best part of the meal. Do yourself a favor, save room for it!
3	Let's start with the food. Pretty solid. A little overpriced from my point of view but everything was above average. StartersThe toasted ravioli can be skipped. The crab stuffed mushrooms are pretty good. SidesFGT outstanding, specially because I didn't know what to expect. Asparagus were also pretty good as well as the loaded baked potato and broccoli. Main courseThe filet was cooked right as requested and was tasteful. WineShort selection but good options and well priced. Benton Lane and an organic wine. Both pretty good and not a rip off at all.So why 3 stars? Well, the place needs a major update. Stinky bathrooms, drop ceiling looks like it was built in 1970 (which probably was), at the kitchen entrance you can see a hole in a crappy black-painted plywood sheet. I mean, is one of those things that you wonder if the kitchen is like that as well.My wine glass had some lipstick which I didn't try since I didn't know who it belong to.Again, good food, decent prices (slightly overpriced) but the ambiance and place feel awkward. They had a large TV showing basketball and there was this group cheering and clapping (I'm sure the basketball team appreciates that) which made the experience even weirder.Cheers.Funny fact. One of the urinals is like for somebody who is 6'7". I didn't even dare to approach since I would get a pretty disgusting backsplash for sure.
5	I love this place and can't get enough. You walk in the door and I feel like I'm back in the Midwest. The people are great, the food is INCREDIBLE (make sure to have the steak soup and gooey butter cake). Don't worry, the owner will be by to talk with you to make sure everything is to your liking - and it always is. If you want super Scottsdale on steroids this is not the place. Want real food, real people and a place that reminds you of home if you're from the midwest? I dare you to find a better place.
5	I can't say enough about this steak house, Frasher's catered to my nephews wedding and the service and food was beyond 5 stars. I recommend everyone wanting fine dining and service to use Frasher's for their next event. George and his crew went beyond to see that every detail was the best experience for all guest and the wedding party. The food was the greatest I ever experienced at any catered event I've attended.
5	My husband and I love eating at the bar for dinner. Frashers always great food and the atmosphere is very inviting and relaxing. The chicken & rib combo along with all of their sides are amazing!  We always have a fun time at Frashers! Oh and get the Butter Cake!
5	I love Frasher's! The service has been awesome both times that I went. I sat at the bar and Jen served me. She's attentive and friendly, and knows her stuff.There was a male manager last time we were there which would be last Saturday night. He was also exceptionally nice and helpful.The crab stuffed mushrooms, ribs, mashed potatoes, and corn are all to die for. The appearance is fun. It's got a divey atmosphere with exceptional food. Not to mention, I looove drinking wine in dim lighting. I love this place.
5	Best steak in town, great drink prices on happy hour and they serve food late. What more could you ask for?
5	If you love St. Louis style pizza ( Imos) then you are going to love this place. It has been over a year since I have had Imos, and toasted ravioli. I heard about this place at a car lot and needless to say, I'll be back. The best part about this place is Cardinals baseball is played here. GO CARDINALS
2	This review is purely about the poor service experienced at this legendary location.I went with some friends looking for a special occasion meal there after reviewing all the GREAT reviews from my fellow Yelpers .  I actually insisted on re-routing the original route of our get together in favor of trying out this venue.UNFORTUNATELY... we walked into a very dark bar and asked about the happy hour drinks only.... $4 martinis were one option.  The bartender seemed overly confident that there was no better martini to be had and that for only $1 they could update  the drink as one friend with us was requesting it.  Moments after the order was placed, about 10 minutes... our bartender went missing and a bar-maid surfaced asking for our order.We told her that we had placed a while ago with the bartender and she dismissed that and said let me just take your order.  Confused and growing thirsty the friend with the special upgraded martini re-ordered.  But now that drink went up to the normal price versus the happy hour price.  She told us  that the bartender did not tell us the right price and that this was it...  Witnesses to this were shocked.  But the barmaid would not acknowledge that this was not ok and did not even offer to chat with our missing bartender.  She simply took an attitude and even asked our friend not to argue with her about the price since it did not matter what the other person quoted.  Taken aback, our friend asked to speak with George Frasher, the owner, and she said that she was too busy to get him and it would be a while.  That was enough to get our party of five to get up and leave.  The friend of ours did return and talk with the owner ultimately just so that he was aware of what went down.  George was ready to make him a martini and was gracious but it all left a bad taste in our mouths.   That experience denied us the opportunity to have a meal that from a food quality standpoint might have been otherwise good.     I do hope that a little time can pass and the staff can handle their customer service shortcomings so that I can return and update this review.
4	Great food in this neighborhood restaurant. Smoked BBQ & St. Louis inspired food. Owner George knows everybody's name. Dark and old school bar. Fun place to catch a game on TV and catch up w/ people.
5	Great Service, Amazing Pizza, Cold Beer, Perfect Patio, and of course it feels like home St. Louis,
4	My girlfriend and I came here around 10:30PM-ish one night looking to have a nice meal because she's been here before and wanted to come back for nostalgia. She remembered that the starters used to be the size of entrees and were well valued so I figured why not. We got here and the lot had a decent amount of cars...probably around 10 or so. We went inside and there was lots of room left...less than half a dozen patrons and all at the bar. I hadn't seen any servers/waiters and the place was seat your self at this point. I asked the bartender if we could get some service and she stated to pick a spot and someone will be right along to help us...okay. The interior was very well kept...bar in the middle and quite a large bar it was. The bathroom was very clean and there is seating outside by the front.So we sat down and someone did come along after probably 5-10 minutes to ask us for our drinks. We had asked for some alcohol and waited probably another 10 minutes or so for those to arrive. At that point, I asked to order since she was right there before we'd be there another hour just waiting for our food to arrive. I was very hungry being the fat ass that I am. I got the larger filet mignon since I like steak and she picked the smoked salmon plate since she wasn't Somalian hungry like I was and wanted something to pick at. The food came...like 25 minutes later it seemed and by now, it was almost midnight. Doesn't bother me...just irritated which I get when I don't eat...our mistake that we didn't get any appetizers but we thought being like one of the only customers that it should've been faster service and food out. Anyways, the salmon was nicely done...she liked it. I liked the filet mignon.Pricing is fitting of a steakhouse on this part of town...let's put it that way.This place is good and it's a good date night if you're looking for a place where you can have a casual conversation with your companion and you guys are patient. If you're starving and looking to eat right then...look elsewhere.
3	Took a party of 5 out for dinner. the food was excellent. we had no complaints about the food. the atmosphere was a little less than desirable and the prices were significantly higher than we expected. the area is a little bit of a strip mall area. Just some warning but if you are looking for good food this place should be on your list.
2	Mizzou watch party off to a rough start.  Crap service and no TV.  Come on guys.  Step it up or lets quit pretending.  Ive enjoyed the atmosphere here for years but its tired.  Seats are worn out.  Carpet is ancientn. Servers are so disconnected from the customer its sad.
4	Rib Eye, 14 oz, 21 days dry aged (per menu) cooked to perfection.  Excellent mashed potatoes with garlic, not to overwhelming with the garlic or butter so you can still taste potato and they're great.Brocolli was star of the side dishes. Simply steamed and served dry, no butter and cooked to perfection, just the right amount of snap and cook to it. I ate most of it and realized I had 14 oz of steak to go.
5	Another great meal! My wife and I come to Frashers whenever we are in the mood for DELICIOUS comfort food. The food is consistently well made and flavorful. The steak is tender and juicy. The peppercorn soup ... To die for. Even the potato skins top our list for the best in the valley. I love the dark old school atmosphere and tall booths. All in all, a treasured Phoenix locale.
1	Simply put overrated. My steak was almost rare, I asked for med well. The hostess tried to sit us twice and left us standing in the bar area waiting on the table to be cleaned for 5 minutes.  We had reservations as well. The only thing good was fast service. I guess it doesn't take long to cook a rare steak.
5	The Ribeye was incredible. Mashed potatoes and corn excellent. A little pricy but the proportions are nice and flavor makes it worth the cost.FD
4	I wish this restaurant was in the middle of the downtown action...but it's not...and you can't really fault a restaurant for its location. At least it has a parking lot so you don't have to hassle with the parking like you do downtown.This is a really classic-feeling steakhouse. Very dim lighting, sports on TV, a centrally-placed bar. It feels fancy, though we showed up in sandals. It's not pretentious at all.I got the pan seared trout...very good with the crunchy skin. I recommend the "FGT" as a side... some kind of four grain rice thingie. The appetizers are all great, especially the crab-stuffed mushrooms and toasted raviolis. You can get a bottle of wine in the $30-$40 range--not bad. The service was friendly. All the meat-eaters at my table loved their cow.
5	Classy place, the staff is friendly, and the food is excellent. Owner George very aware of what's going on in his restaurant. If nothing else, HIS laugh will make YOU laugh!!  Check out this place if you haven't already.
5	This is where Old School Italian meets with baseball crazed Scottsdale.   I love the retro vibe of the place (read old school decor) coupled with fabulous food and baseball fanatics.   There is just something magical about the good ole boys chomping on their steaks talking baseball stats while Sinatra sings "My Way" and the bartender shakes up martinis by the dozen.The food here is outstanding.  Perfectly cooked steaks at reasonable prices, sans the glitz and glam of Maestro's City Hall, and delicious sides like Jalepeno Mac & Cheese and the most amazing buttered corn I've ever had.Service was super friendly and engaging and made us feel welcome as we ordered full on dinner service at the bar at prime time on a week night.  This is one of those hidden gems you are conflicted about:  do I tell the world or keep this one to my self?   The only downside is the are clearly Cardinals fans but hey, whatevs.
5	Exceptional service with a dark private setting. This is one of my favorite restaurants I go to weekly.
1	I hate writing bad reviews, but this place missed the mark several times. I made reservations with my husband for my birthday dinner. We are from Seattle and were very much looking forward to a steak dinner in Scottsdale. I made reservations for 6:30pm on a Monday night. When we walked in, no one greeted us, and there was a sign that said, "please seat yourself." The restaurant was very dark and loud, we found a small booth and waited to be approached. It took over 10 minutes. The waitress was so absent I wondered if she might also be the cook? Either way the service was not good. The red wine we were served was sour and very cold- I think it was from an open bottle that had been the the refrigerator for a long time. Our appetizer was also cold, and not even good. How do you mess up potato skins?!  After that we decided to leave and salvage the night by eating dinner somewhere else.
5	Great local place.  We had the 6oz filet and bbq ribs, both were excellent.  I'm from TX and these ribs are as good as any TX bbq. The corn side dish is delicious, actually smoked alongside the meats. Met the owner George, great guy who takes pride in his craft.  This Phx establishment is worth a visit.
4	Yum! Yum! Yum! If you are looking for St.Louis style Imo's pizza, this is your place.  Wonderful pizza,  tasty toasted ravioli and excellent gooey butter cake. If you are missing home (St.Louis) this restaurant needs to be on your list!
3	Their food is "pretty good," but not exceptional. The exorbitant prices can be attributed to the large portions. An obfuscated case of quantity over quality. I'd rather pay this much for a great meal and no leftovers.
5	Fantastic! See Ryan Nagode for a great cocktail. Pizza just like Imo's from back home in St. Louis. Ribeye and butter cake were awesome too. Will definitely visit often!
5	George and his staff are tops in our book.  We try to eat here once a month.  It's a great atmosphere where you feel like you are eating at home with friends. Never had a bad meal here.  Rib Eye, Mashed and Corn "off the cob" are my favorites.  Steak soup is killer !
4	The Ribeye w roasted corn and loaded mashed potatoes is one of TOMMYZ TOP FIVE steak meals!!! Make sure to have the Butter Cream Cake for desert. The setting is cool and intimate but they do need to update the interior a bit.
5	As a Native of St. Louis, MO and an alumni of the University of Missouri, this is my home away from home here in the Valley. I have only sampled three items. The St. Louis style pizza, the toasted ravioli and the gooey butter cake. Man, just thinking about it makes me want to head on over to Frashers. The pizza is just like Imo's back home except more expensive. I don't even care though because as I understand it, the pizza "crusts", sauce and the Provel cheese are flown in from St. Louis. Simply put... BEST pizza in the valley IMHO. The toasted ravioli...you might find toasted cheese ravioli in some other restaurants, but I have not encountered the toasted meat ravioli anywhere outside of St. Louis except here at Frasher's. It is sooooo good. Gooey Butter Cake, it's a must have if your in the mood for something sweet. Every single bakery in St. Louis makes this delicious confection and again, Frasher's is the only place outside of Missouri that I've ever seen it. As for the decor, it's crazy because while I'm in there, I forget that I'm even in Arizona. STL Cards memorabilia on the walls and the overall decor makes me feel as if I'm sitting in pretty much any pub on the south side of STL. One suggestion for Frasher's.... BBQ pork steaks. Oh how I miss those. Keep up the good work!!!
2	Went here last Friday and was wondering if I would ever get served. I looked the waitress in the eye and asked for a menu and got a blank stare. I was pretty much starving at this point in my day. After finally getting my order in I waited...and waited...and waited. A half hour food ticket is sad. My burger was meh and I had already tapped out. One of the people I sat with commented that my server must not like me too much. I don't know what I did wrong, but I won't be back.
4	Stopped here on a road trip based on reviews on Yelp. Very dark when we first walked in, but there was enough light to read the menu. We ordered the fried ravioli and were not overly impressed, maybe I expected more, but the marinara sauce was very good. The salad was fresh and the dressing was just right and not over-powering. The steaks were just as ordered, tender and well flavored. Garlic mashed potatoes, wow!! When we told the waitress, who was very attentive, that we weren't impressed with the raviolis, she treated us to a slice of the Gooey Butter Cake to make it up to us. Overall our experience was a good one.
4	I did a search for St. Louis style pizza and toasted ravioli and found this place - I just finished an amazing "Imo's style" pizza and toasted ravioli which brought a smile to my face with each bite.   The price point is a little on the higher side, but for bringing back home memories to my belly - it was worth it.   Super nice staff with the restaurant decked out in STL memoribilia.  I did take out vs. eating in - the restaurant on a negative was so dark that I almost couldn't see where I was walking.
4	Came here for happy hour and the place was completely empty -- literally us and 1 other patron at the bar and that was it. First impressions are that it was dark and "cave-like"; and I was kind of skeptical.The bartenders were super friendly and made some menu suggestions. $3 glasses of wine and cocktails from 4-7pm everyday!? Wahoo! We shared the bruschetta and toasted ravioli. The bruschetta was yummy and tasted fresh. Loved the added sundered tomatoes. The toasted ravioli was just okay - comes with 8 pieces and marinara sauce for dipping.The prices are fantastic. For a total of 4 drinks and 2 apps I believe it was under $25. What a steal! We will be coming back here for happy hour for sure.
3	You would pay about 2/3 the price for the same dishes in St. Louis. Good food but too expensive for what you get. I guess if you're nostalgic for STL food, this is your place.
4	Came here for a late night dinner with my husband and his work clients and the food was great! my filet was cooked to perfection and the wine was great as well! everyone seemed to love what they ordered which made the night great. My husband ordered the chicken and even that was tasty! Great menu and our waiter was very friendly and helpful!
3	Should be 3 $. 10oz filet $48. Presentation looked good, sauce on the ribs and chicken was a little thick, salads were very good and so was the bread.
5	Killer rib-eye.  George came out many times to verify everything was good, and it was.
2	Wasn't fantastic. Definitely overpriced for what it was... service was horrible.... we were the ONLY people in there and it took forever... would we go back? Nope.
4	A nice, casual dinner restaurant. We started with toasted raviolis which reminded me of pizza bites but were pretty good (not quite like the ones they make in St. Louis, but not bad). The strip steak was decent and the service was okay. Overall a good experience.
2	The dessert was good! Service was nice!The soup was amazing! It's just strange..it's a steak house right?36 to 40 $ in price, - I had the rib eye -but no seasoning no flavor? It tasted like , it was taken out of storage, place on the grill and put onto a plate ! It made my stomach hurt.
