4	07/15/07The quintessential New York Deli...or at least what I am told one should be (having never visited New York).  Solid, satisfying, hot and cold sandwiches with a variety of potato and salad (macaroni, etc.) side options.  Cafeteria style, so know what you want by the time you get to the counter.  It's a great place to go on Sunday morning and read the paper while you enjoy a carved sandwhich.  Of course, there is nothing heathy about any of this food, but it's solidly tasty and satisfying.  Slightly pricey (hot dog special is a good economic choice), but the atmosphere is relaxing, always clean, consistent quality, and they have free self-service water, so you don't have to bother with getting back into line if you're still thirsty.  What makes it unique is its authenticity and distinction from chain and fastfood stores.  It's not particularly interesting food, just good to satisfy your deli cravings.  Plus, I believe it's locally owned with gives it actual personality.Come on Sunday and then walk down to PetCo. (or is it Petsmart?) and visit the adoption dogs.
3	It was great to find a New York / Jewish style Deli in the middle of Phoenix on my last trip out there.  Miracle Mile doesn't hold back on their servings and prices albeit a tad high, is well worth it.  You can't go wrong with the 3-D Sandwich Combo, it has Corned Beef, Pastrami, and Roast Beef.  Ask them to toss in some thousand island and sauerkraut.  I beleive they have multiple locations, so google or yelp them!
5	Ah, Miracle Mile! I will always love you.I grew up in Phoenix during the 70s and 80s, offspring of parents who had grown up on the East Coast and knew what a real deli was supposed to taste like and smell like, and at that point in Phoenix history MM was the only game in town for that kind of experience. Probably still is. Anyway, we ate at the old Park Central location hundreds (okay, maybe just dozens and dozens) of times, sampling everything on the menu -- the pastrami is still my favorite, though. I can even remember when they expanded and built out that back patio with the koi pond, which quickly became my favorite place to sit when I went there with my mom. The Chris-Town location was okay, too, but it didn't have the koi pond so it wasn't as interesting to me.And the guys who worked behind the counter, what a bunch of old pros. If you went there during lunch rush, you had better know what you wanted when you reached the counter (and since you'd probably been staring at the menu for five minutes you had no excuse not to) or you'd get sent to the back of the line!I was sad to hear that Park Central location was gone, a little piece of my childhood being closed off. But this location at the Colonnade, it's not bad and the pastrami is every bit as delicious as I remember from years past. I can't wait until the next time I'm in Phoenix to visit my mom so we can go there again!
5	Reminds me of a place in Chicago called Manny's.  Although, MM is a lot cleaner.  This cafeteria style deli is the best.  I always get the Pastrami.  The corned beef is good too.
5	I really enjoy this place. It is usually busy but we still find a place to sit.I almost always order the NYer with pastrami on rye. Just too yummy. I have on occasion order other foods and yeah it is all good.One thing that does sort of freak me out is when I get in line and it is my turn to order the guy taking the order always alerts his co-workers to look at me and they mutter in Spanish quickly and then smile and go back to business. It has happened every time I have been to this or any other location. I know why they are looking but they are so blatant it is strange. Oh and yeah some white guys understand Spanish too.
5	Love this place!! It's huge, it's got a great big menu sure to fulfill anyone's needs. I CAN'T wait to go back!   (Probably in between shopping 8 hrs at Last Chance)
4	Okay, a little disclaimer for bias.  Having known the family of this establishment my whole life, I can personally attest to their devotion to their food, the customers and the atmosphere.  The Garcia family first hit a home run with their original deli location at Christown Mall.  When they moved out of Christown they opened up a pair of locations with huge fanfare both at the Colonade and at Arrowhead Mall.  To be honest, I didn't think the Colonade would do all that well as they were invisible from Camelback Road.  Little did I know the following this place had.  Everytime I've gone the place has been jumping.  And rightfully so.When you walk in you immediately notice the fun color scheme as well as how clean it looks.  The aroma from the hot line is as alluring as you'd expect.  No waiters or reservations here.  Just hop in line and order your dish from the cooks as they make it right in front of you.My tried and true favorite is the brisket sandwich on kaiser bread with a side of fruit and a slice of one of their fresh pies to boot.  Sometimes I'll grab some pastrami or corn beef as an alternative.  They've also got burgers and kosher hot dogs if you prefer.  Other sides include chili, fries, mac and cheese, or one of a number of soups.  The food is delicious but simple.  And whatever you order, you'll feel like you're in a New York style deli (without the NY attitude of course).So why only 4 stars instead of 5?  Well for one, this hip deli near the Biltmore area isn't cheap.  True, you get what you pay for, but I couldn't afford to eat here everyday.  A good meal here usually runs around $15 -$20 so just be aware of that.  Also, this place is wicked busy, especially during dinner.  Usually you can find a seat, but it can get pretty noisy in there.  Don't let this scare you away though.  Especially if you live in the central Phoenix area.  Alot of the folks who eat here are people from the neighborhood so its highly possible you'll run into someone you know.  If you're on the west side, their location at Arrowhead Mall won't disappoint either.  Let's give props to the folks at Miracle Mile.  This small family operation has grown by leaps and bounds over the years, but you'd never know it talking to the owners.  The same humble attention to good food, a good atmosphere, and a neighborhood following still holds strong after all these years.  Success clearly hasn't changed this family recipe.
5	So I finally made it to the Miracle Mile Deli - after hearing so many things!!We turned a meeting into a lunch meeting....and closed the deal.The parking lot was full outside...so I hesitated because if I have to wait in line for food....its not happening!!But once inside, it resembled a glorified cafeteria with plenty of seating YAY!! When it comes to deli you can't be a snob to decor - my true test is a pastrami and corned beef sandwich and they clearly received the thumbs up! While they only had potato knishes.....their selection of other goodies made up for it. I will be back. =0)
4	A nice, cafeteria style eating establishment in Central Phoenix/Biltmore Area. Parking is a bit cumbersome, due to many businesses in the complex, but can't be faulted on The Miracle Mile. Belly up to the hot line, where a 10ft steam table greets you with the specials of the day, and the standard fare. The menu has typical Jewish Deli style offerings. Big ass sandwiches made with corned beef, pastrami or my fave beef brisket. I had the "New Yorker" which was pastrami and slaw sloppily put between two pieces of your choice of bread. I like pumpernickel. Add fries, complimentary pickle and a drink, it was about $10. Not to shabby. I'll be back.
3	Three Non-Inflated Truths About Miracle Mile:First: I don't get what all hype is about this place? This really isn't that much of a deli. It's more of a Luby's meets Subway. I'm not using that as a put down, it's just the best way I can think of how to describe this place.Second: The food isn't great, it's just pretty good. I'd been hearing people rave about this place and how it was a NY style deli. Chompie's is more NY than this place and the food is generally tastier there. I ordered a turkey sandwich on french bread with Swiss and cranberry sauce... It was okay and filled me up but it wasn't anything particularly memorable.Third: Miracle Mile dishes out pretty solid portions. It's not too much and it's not too little. To be honest, it's probably a little more toward too much... but in a good way.Go to Miracle Mile for a decent meal, just don't expect the Second Coming.
3	I originally walked in here and thought to myself man I bet this place is a hot place of old people in the morning..I can see the shamu wearing old ladies gathered here in the morning drinking their coffee and gabbing like little chatting Cathy dolls about the new pool boy, and the old dudes talking about their tours in Nam and the Korea and the few survivors from the big one  WW II. To say the least I did not see that but I did picture it in my mind...suffice to say it was not like that but that was my first vision:)What's good about this place is it has plenty of space the staff seems very attentive and it is clean and the sandwiches are delicious with pretty large portions. Not huge or anything but decent. I did think it was a little pricey considering I could get a bigger better sandwich at subway for about $3.00 cheaper. This place in not bad. Run of the mill a little pricey. But would not be opposed to going here again.
3	FAST, a great selection, and centrally located makes this a great place to meet people for lunch.  My only complaint is it's very hard to find anything healthy and the price is a tad high for the quality/ambiance.
1	"Hey, Kerstin! Why are you eating a grilled cheese for dinner? Didn't you just eat out?""Yeah, but we ate at Miracle Mile."'Nuf said, really, but our experience was such an epic fail, I must elaborate a bit. This was Hubby's suggestion, mind you, and he was pleased they had several vegetarian options. After a lunch of Peter Piper, however, even his lame veggie sandwich was pretty good to him. We'll see if I have to rush him to the ER later, since MM served sprouts when no one else is right now due to a contamination issue. He got his sandwich with a supposed potato knish. This was supposed to be creamy mashed potatoes with sour cream and seasonings in a pastry crust. What he got was an overly peppered dried out, square of potato chunks in an unnatural color wrapped in an anemic crust that had zero taste, crunch, or flake to it. It had that speckled look that old pastry gets. If this is what a knish is supposed to be, then they nailed it.I got the chicken and noodles with a side of mashed potatoes. It came with two inexplicable slices of untoasted bread. What is this? 1950? At least it wasn't Wonder Bread. It was wheat. I had asked for sour dough, when one guy told me there were no caraway seeds in the rye they served me initially. There were. The manager "saved" me by correcting his employee about the caraway, only to be given the third degree by the ghetto tart working the register. "Why don't you like caraway?" she asked. I tried not to stare at her ridiculously over-plucked eyebrows and garish make-up as I replied, "I really don't like the taste." When she asked me "Why?" a second time, you'll be happy to know that I refrained from informing her that the gang-bangers she was obviously trying to attract would not likely be frequenting  this establishment. Anyway, the chicken and noodles dish was complete mush and the "sauce" was totally canned, and topped with a lovely hunk of congealed cheese. It was also not to temp. The mashed potatoes were 75% instant with some red skins thrown in for that "real" texture. Foul, foul, foul. Hence, the grilled cheese.
5	There are sandwiches and then there are SAMICHEZ. I would walk a mile for miracle mile! I'm not sure about the entire menu mind you so my review is based off of certain Items. For instance the Straw! juicy Pastrami piled high with melted Swiss cheese and hot sauerkraut on rye bread delish. Ok I must admit I was a Pastrami virgin before the mile. So I have nothing to base the deliciousness of this pastrami against. All I can tell you is it tastes great to me. Now I am not a virgin when it comes to there Macaroni salad and that salad came to party! It's really good! The deserts are great to I love the pecan pie! I cannot even call it pecan pie it is PEEECAN Pie, not to sweet just right scoop of vanilla ice cream sets this off! The cheesecake is yummy and the carrot cake well it is some of the best I have tasted in awhile. Also this little known tid bit, they serve farmer brothers coffee! Which I find to be the best of the pre-ground coffee's out there. I prefer farmer brothers over Starbucks any day. Check out the mile and try the pastrami. PS I gotta knish once, yea once. I don't recommend it Bluck!
3	Good variety of deli-style food, big portions. Not sure about how healthy the food is - it seems a bit greasy / fatty. But there's definitely something here for everybody in your party, meat lover to vegetarian.
1	Grotesque food, vulgar staff, blech.
4	I forgot how much I liked Miracle Mile Deli until quite recently when I realized I've been going there about 3-4 times a month.  In fact, I was astonished to find that I hadn't written a review of the place yet.  So here goes...First off, the food is served cafeteria style.  I know this turns many people off, but if you give the place a chance, I don't think you will be disappointed.  As I said earlier, the food is quite good.  My favorite is "The Straw".  It contains mounds of hot pastrami, melted Swiss, and sauerkraut.  You have your choice of bread and I always choose the onion roll.  If you like corned beef, try "The New Yorker".  It's similar to "The Straw" but with corned beef and coleslaw.  All sandwiches include fries and a pickle spear.  You can add everything from macaroni and cheese to steamed veggies on the side.  A typical lunch will set you back $10-$11, but most people can make 2 meals out of the sandwich.  File this one under my "Best Lunchtime Eats!"
5	Whenever I feel nostalgic for my childhood, I go to Miracle Mile and order a straw sandwich on onion roll with a potato pancake and homemade apple sauce on the side.  It is a total guilty pleasure.   They've been in the Valley since 1949 and when I was a kid we used to go to the Christown location every weekend. My grandma used to always order the polish sausage  and my mom loved the hot brisket sandwich.  Even though it's not an authentic Jewish deli, it's still really good food. Other things I love here are the New Yorker sandwich and the vegetable soup.  Lots of yummy food at a good price.
4	So you may feel like a cattle in line to get branded as you shuffle through the gated line on your approach to the bar, but it will be well worth it. You are here because you like delicatessen sandwiches. Whether its corned beef, pastrami, or one of those 'other' meats you will walk away satisfied. I usually order the New Yorker on rye bread with a potato pancake and a Dr. Browns cream soda. Mmmmmm
2	The line moved fast. The food looked fresh. The menu is ample. The child menu is short and fare priced. The sandwiches are a lot better priced than Chompies. I had the honey-baked-ham sandwich. I know it's a Jewish deli for the most part but if you offer it make it good okay. It was alright. the ham was thin sliced and tasty, the bun however was not so good and the lettuce not so crisp. My friend had a chef salad and well it did not look very fresh either, the cheese was sort of melting back together though it had cute little cut out shapes. The lettuce not so crisp once again. The child with us seemed to enjoy the kid serving of Mac and cheese and was able to finish it. So the portion size was good for a 6 yo. I did notice that a lot of people seemed to not eat all or any of the bread or bun their meal was on so though I'm picky, it appears to be a fair assessment that there is an issue with all the bread other than the rye. Oh and the fact that a kids meal comes with soda is an issue, you have to pay more to give your kid a milk! That astonished me. So much for healthy America. Kid's meal comes with a cookie, French fries (yes with mac & cheese) and pop. I feel the children getting fatter reading the menu. So this Saturday lunch snatched $25 from us for a Chef salad from like two days ago, a ham sandwich on 2 day old bread and a fatten up you child kid's meal with milk and one adult small soda. Would have had a better sandwich and salad at Subway for a lot less. But I suppose if you try something else on the menu it might be worth the visit.
1	Dear Miracle Mile,This is the last time you will ever sucker another $15 bucks from me for bland, over-salted cafeteria food. I hate to be the rabid cur of dissent in this love fest, but I can no longer fake it and go with the flow. I despise everything about you, Miracle Mile.Unless someone had cued me into the fact, I never would have guessed that you were trying so hard to duplicate NY deli-style fare. Why so? Because every NY staple I've tried from your fetid excuse for a deli has sucked so effing hard it just about pulls grey matter out through my ears. Stale and mealy defrosted cheesecake that was as unappetizing to look at as to consume. Matzo ball soup so bland I had to keep looking down to assure myself I was indeed consuming something other than hot air. Wilted salads guaranteed to deflate my hopes upon first bite. Vegetable soup that was so flavorless as to be nearly nonexistent. Are you trying that hard to fade into the background, you wallflower? It's no wonder the median age of a patron in your restaurant is pushing 80. The near total annihilation of my taste buds is the only way I would ever step foot through your doors again.And then there's your pathetic excuse for a sandwich, Mile. Pastrami and corned beef sandwiches piled (not so) high with bland, fatty meat that's been slopped with reckless abandon atop your choice of bread, guaranteed to disintegrate in five seconds flat. All topped off with a slice of sweaty Swiss cheese that adds zero flavor and flops listlessly atop a piteous excuse for a sandwich. If it weren't for the spicy mustard at each table, I'd hardly have tasted anything at all! Bravo! You surely deserve an award for the most poorly constructed sandwich in all of Phoenix! Although I guess that dubious honor should clearly be bestowed upon your brusque, monosyllabic cafeteria line workers. "Next? Bread?" Unappetizing slop of meat, slid down the line to the next guy. "Fries?" Heap of fried garbage, liberally applied, slid down the line. That is, unless you're asking for something outside of the crap-sandwich-and-fries box. At that point your request will be wordlessly acquiesced to with a scowl and a slop. "Drink?" No! Please! NO! Just get me out of this slovenly pit of cafeteria hell. What do you want, I'll pay anything! Anything!Wait a tic. That's your whole ploy all along, isn't it Miracle Mile? Brainwash the masses with mediocre food and overcharge for everything to make it seem like it's a privilege to be dining upon such slop.Well I'm on to you. I've given you plenty of chances, Mile. Your Reuben was the only sandwich that didn't make me want to violently upend tacky cafeteria tables on the way to my car. Wishing you the bland, inoffensive dreams of an automaton,Erica
3	So I just don't think that I am a deli kind of person, it is just not my thing.Last week some of my co-workers wanted to order in lunch, and since I am still kinda the new kid, I didn't want to really voice my opinion on our selection.  After I had agreed to be the one to pick it up, they picked Miracle Mile, and I couldn't back out at this point...so I decided to just go with it.I got the Miracle Mile Special, which was a cup of soup and half of a sandwich and a side dish.  I got the Navy Bean soup, pastrami with coleslaw on rye bread and some potato salad.  I generally love Navy Bean soup....but this was so bland and brothy, it was not anything like the Navy Bean soup I have had in the past.  There was also no ham in it....boo!  The sandwich was good I guess, but I am not really a sandwich kind girl, so I just picked at some of the meat.  I will say the potato salad was good, but not good enough to warrant a return trip.Since it is right near my office I fear I may be suckered into going here again, and I will muddle through on those days, but I can think of about 50 other places I would rather go first!
3	So I was reading an online discussion board about the best sandwiches in Phoenix and this place was suggested a few times.  I figured since it was pretty close to my hotel I'd give it a try for dinner one night.  I ordered a Veggie New Yorker.  My first mistake was ordering it on plain sourdough bread...you need a heavy duty roll to stand up to the sauce and the cole slaw they put on there.  I thought my sandwich was pretty tasty, but it wasn't the type of sandwich I'd want to have all the time.  I got potato salad as my side and it was really bland, I wouldn't order it again.  I highly doubt these are the best sandwiches in Phoenix but at least there were a lot of options to choose from...the guy in front of me actually ordered a whole turkey leg!
4	OMG! The combo is my fave! Combo is pastrami and corn beef together in harmony on bread. YUM!!  I have been coming to this Miracle Mile for tons of times..  Always love it.  It is clean, fast, and good!
4	I had a pastrami on rye with a salad instead of fries. The sandwich was great-piled with hot pastrami, sauerkraut and thousand island. The salad was exactly as it was billed but better than having fries. I tried some of their homemade horseradish and it was good but not as hot as they make it seem. My only dislike? The place looked and felt just like a school cafeteria. I'd rather not revisit jr high, but this place at least had better food.
2	Cafeteria food, no flavor I did a combo with the turkey sandwich, salad, and mac, I have to say I think my favorite thing might have been the pickle. For $11 bucks really,.. no thanks. Plenty of better deli's around here
4	Well, being pretty new to Yelp, I have started jotting down places I wanted to check out. Of course, knowing their hours definitely helps. After planning on a stop at Blue Fin (which isn't open on the weekends), I ended up at Miracle Mile at Camelback Colonnade following a quick stop at Trader Joe's. I ended up being pleasantly surprised with the result, though the price was a little higher than I had hoped.Walking in, the decor is pretty laid back; clean and open, with a dessert station right by the door (never a bad idea) and an easy path to the counter. My first time there, so I had to do the "What do I want?" walk through the line. Luckily, it was slow, so I was able to pick out the Combo sandwich (pastrami and corned beef). Watching them make the sandwich, you could see how thin cut the meat was, and the marble rye looked fresh (other choices include sourdough, rye, and a few types of buns). There were a multitude of options for sides (french fries, a few pasta salads, etc), but I ended up paying the extra $1 for mac&cheese. From there, it was a quick walk to the register to pay $11 for my meal, along with grabbing some free horseradish.I took the food home, and it was worth the wait. The sandwich, which seemed a little small when the cook made it, suddenly grew to a thick mass of beef. I even had to pick off a few slices that were falling out before taking a bite. Gotta say, it was excellent. The pastrami and corned beef were a perfect match, and there was just enough fat to give it that extra burst of flavor. They give you regular mustard with the sandwich, but I preferred my own spicy mustard, with the occasional addition of horseradish (which had a good bite). The bread was perfect, and the crust broke away with every bite. Finally, the mac&cheese was a great addition. The flavor could have been stronger, but it was very cheesy and the pasta was firm without being overcooked.Overall,  this was a pretty good find. As others noted, the price is a little steep for a deli, but you will certainly get a full stomach for around $10, so I can't complain too much. It may not be a usual stop, but it was a good find.
2	Probably the worst tasting stuffed cabbage I've ever had.  It was sickeningly sweet (tasted sweeter than my soda!), and there were raisins in the tomato sauce which probably added to the sweetness.  The ground meat on the inside on the other hand, was very bland.  I thought when you had something as a "special", such as the Friday stuffed cabbage, that meant it was supposed to be really good?  The overwhelming sweetness of the sauce made it very hard to eat.The only redeeming factor in the meal was when I tried some of the Straw sandwich (pastrami, sauerkraut, swiss), which was decent, nothing spectacular, but a whole lot better than the stuffed cabbage.  At other delis I've been to, you can get a whole lot more meat, and more flavor for about the same price, so I will probably be skipping any future visits to this deli.
3	While I'm not a big corned beef or pastrami fan, my coworkers love this place. Every time I go, I manage to find something good to eat as there are endless choices of food to eat, and its all pretty good. I'm a big fan of the matzo ball soup here and the sandwiches are all piled high with meat and cheese. It's a little pricey but worth it for the large selection. Is this a traditional back east deli? No, but worth a shot for sure, as you just might find something you like.
1	No, I simply cannot put in a good review for Miracle Mile. A coworker recommended this place to me. Actually, two coworkers did.However, upon inspection of my pie right before I was about to eat it, I noticed that there was mold in it.Yes, mold.Sorry Miracle Mile, your fries were bland and while your chicken tenders were decent, I can't forgive mold in a pie. I did take a picture of it so I will be adding it to this review as soon as I can.Who knows if I will get my 2.95 for moldy pie back.*ETAMM has been notified and I am to receive a gift certificate for my 2.95. I was given the option of returning it but it's over a 40 min drive.
1	I came here hankering for a real deli experience (e.g. chompies/ east coast style), but I was willing to settle for just a decent sandwich.   I ordered a turkey sandwich and got dry bird on a tasteless, tacky bun that induced grade school cafeteria flashbacks. I consoled myself with the fact that I at least had a pickle to munch on.  but alas! I bit into a revoltingly limp, fetid-smelling, gag-inducing gherkin not fit for consumption.   I had to spit it out in my napkin like some priss---a sorry thing for a woman who likes to chow down.   well at least I had some water....my advice: go an extra mile to steer clear of this glorified cafeteria.
5	I'd been craving some legit deli food.  I'm snobby about sandwiches.  I grew up in PA and spent much of my free time eating and hanging out in Manhattan and Philadelphia, two cities full of prime delis!  I had high expectations walking into Miracle Mile.  It just emits a vibe of deliciousness and authenticity.  My friend Jen recommended this place, and she ordered a reuben that looked amazing even to my vegetarian gaze.  I ordered a NY veggie sandwich on a fresh roll.  Good god, y'all!  That sandwich took me to heaven for a moment!  Best of all... (are you ready for this?), I substituted my french fries for a 100% real, 100% fresh potato pancake for an extra 95 cents!  It was soo soo good I kinda came close to crying into it.  You see, it's outdoor bazaar season in Pennsylvania, meaning potato pancakes are being cooked every weekend in every Polish church parking lot for miles around.  I've found a cure for my PA summertime homesickness: Miracle Mile Deli.
4	Went there with my boss, we met some co-workers there. I had the Combo on Onion, it was great. Service was fast. Price was average. I'd go again.
1	I was driving by looking for a place for lunch and I stopped in, hoping for some deli food. I was quite surprised to see that it's actually an old-school cafeteria. I didn't know that these places existed anymore and I was ready to be charmed.  Alas, that was not to be.Although I came inside in the mood for pastrami, watching the staff throw together - and I mean that quite literally, I've never seen anybody, anywhere make a sandwich as quickly or carelessly - I lost my nerve and ordered the meat loaf special, thinking that was probably a better way to go in a place like this.Unfortunately the meat loaf was dreadful as were the mashed potatoes.  Absolutely devoid of any flavor and covered in a gloppy gravy.  Seriously awful.I see that one reviewer described it as hospital food.  That's being charitable because some hospitals actually have edible food.  It's more like what I imagine prison food to be like. It's also not particularly cheap.  My prison plate was $9.73 with the tax.  Not recommended.
4	Wasn't in the mood for a sandwich this day, so was happy to see a nice selection of salads to choose from. Ordered a grilled chicken salad that was simply divine. Large portions of chicken served over crisp lettuce and a balsamic dressing to die for. Very yummy and satisfying lunch. A great find in Phoenix!
3	I had a pretty basic sandwich.... turkey and cheese on a kaiser roll with fries. It was pretty good I will have to admit, but $10 for a sandwich and drink definitely makes it not worth it. I would visit more often than 1 or 2 times a year if it were not so expensive. Yea, I am cheap but .... its a sandwich.......
5	What an AWESOME casual dining experience!! Food was FANTASTIC! I've traveled all the best deli meccas of the country but Miracle Mile's pastrami was the best I've ever tasted!! Flavor can't be beat! Sandwich was big and plentiful, service was UNBELIEVABLY fast, FRIENDLY and EFFICIENT! I'll definitely be back and bring my family! There is an obvious reason this valley favorite has been around for decades....they know what they are doing!
3	I want to try EVERYTHING on the menu!!! But it's hard to do because the portions are so HUGE on everything.I usually go with a sandwich with slaw. The coleslaw has a nice sweetness to it, but tends to be on the soggy side. The sandwiches are usually packed with meat. GREAT place for liverwurst.This is a cafeteria-style place, so you can clearly see how fresh everything is. But the place is usually packed for lunch, so they cycle through everything relatively quickly.The employees are always friendly and the place is always CLEAN!!! Whoever is doing the hiring there is doing an amazing job.
1	the food was cold including the soup,fries.  the brisket was dry and the service was awful.  The ruben was awful.
5	MMD has the BEST Homemade macaroni & cheese, vegetable soup and every meal comes with a pickle!!! All their dessert are to die for AND I heard on their Facebook page they sometimes have "secret words" and you can get a FREE dessert :) http://www.facebook.com/miraclemiledeli
5	Every time I travel to Phoenix, I go to Miracle Mile. It is usually my first stop after I leave the airport. While San Francisco (where I am from) is known for its world-class restaurants, there are no great delis. Every deli in my city--from the traditional deli to the is-this-meat-or-is-this-tofu deli--pales in comparison to Miracle Mile. Either the deli has day-old, rubber-like meat or has bread so stale that a pigeon wouldn't eat it. The sandwiches at Miracle Mile, in stark contrast to all of the other delis I've frequented, provide the perfect marriage between great meat and great bread. Their brisket and pastrami sandwiches are so good that every time I bite into them, I'm transported to another realm of consciousness!
4	Came here yesterday so I could get my car washed at Danny's while having lunch (this works out perfect to kill 2 birds with 1 stone).  I always get the New Yorker on rye and it never lets me down.  They have great coleslaw and thousand island dressing so the flavor with the pastrami and rye work out perfect.  I like that there are a thousand tables here and 2 lunch lines so they can really pump you through quickly.  You can tell the quality of the food is top notch and service is always great.
5	I've been eating at the Miracle Mile Delicatessens for over 45 yrs now. What makes these guys special is that the consistency is the same regardless the store or the decade. They are making the same fabulous Straw sandwiches & brisket of beef today that they were making in the 60's. Family owned & the pride shows. I'm looking forward to eating here for another 4 plus decades, God willing!
4	So, I love deli food.  a lot.  I've tried a few deli's out here, including these guys, and I have to say, I think I like them!Prices here are typical deli, but from what I can tell, cheaper then others.  You can get just about anything, anyway you want.  I love how they have Matzoh Ball soup, big huge deli sandwiches, and all the fixings.  YUM!The past few times I've eaten here, its been on lunch with coworkers.  I've kept it light with my order, since falling into a food coma and taking a nap at my desk after a huge lunch is generally frowned upon by management.I've gone with the Kosher beef hot dog, fries, pickle, and tiny pop for a grand total of $5.24.  My friend usually gets the tuna on wheat while here, and she likes it here as much as I do!What I do find odd, is that its buffet style serving.  You walk through the line, give your order, and walk down with your plate while the guys behind the glass fix your order.  Service here is quick and efficient, and seating is plentiful, even during the lunch rush.I would recommend this place to most anyone, and they have multiple valley locations.  yummy!
5	Mmmmmm..a Combo please!  Pastrami and Corn beef together at last on a soft onion bun with Swiss cheese (or without)..best thing when you are craving MEAT! Yep, certainly not a diner for vegans.  Miracle Mile has been around forever, and I love to have a great sandwich or entree at this location.  From deli sandwiches to daily specials like meatloaf, roast chicken even cabbage and corn beef, it's a miracle I haven't gain 20 pounds from here! And they have Cream Soda...mmmm.   Side dishes include fries, potato salad, salads, mac n' cheese and potato pancakes.  The portions are huge that you can share or take the left overs home for a midnight meal.
4	I had been wanting to stop by this place for a while, and finally decided to do it today. I was hoping for a bigger selection of salads, but it's a 'deli,' so it can't really bother me that salads aren't their main thoroughfare. I opted for the Supreme (Turkey, Bacon and Cheddar) on wheat with lettuce, tomato and onion; I think I got Provolone instead of Cheddar but I'm not complaining. The bacon was wonderfully crispy, the turkey was thin and absolutely delicious, and the pickle (spear on the side) was cold, crispy and yummy. I got applesauce on the side instead of fries...I only took a couple bites (waaaay too full), but it's very good and it's chunky; not quite so pureed as traditional applesauce. I don't know if they have it made for them or if it's some applesauce you can buy that I wasn't aware of, but I like it. I'll definitely be back at some point, and I'll probably get the same sandwich.The servers were also very friendly; all in all it was a satisfactory visit.**Update**I SWEAR when I was first typing this, it had the Scottsdale address. This is in reference to the Scottsdale Promenade location; I have never been to the Camelback one. That is all :)
4	I am such a fan of this deli because they offer quality food at a very reasonable price. It has a real East Coast feel when you walk in and the staff is super friendly. I would recommend anything on the menu and don't forget the fries!
5	I've been eating at Miracle Mile ever since I can remember, initially at the old Christown Mall location.  For my youth, it was the only Jewish/American deli I knew.  It's still great after all these years and location changes.  I've since eaten at a few deli's that can top it, but not by much.I'm not going to run down everything I've eaten over the years; you know what deli's have to offer and this place is no exception.  Get your matzo/pastrami/corned beef/chicken soup on, homey!
5	I walk in here with the intentions of getting an egg salad sandwich, when the three people in front of me order a "straw" sandwich.. basically pastrami, sauerkraut, melted cheese and bread.Damn that sounds good!!So i end up getting the same thing with a side of fresh fries and a pickle.These sandwiches are big enough to share with someone, but with me starving like I was, I quickly polished off the entire thing.  it was yum.I used to go to the one that was at Christown, but it's been closed for many years.  I was happy when they opened up this location.  It's right next to work, so that helps.I will be back!
2	Nah. I forked over $13 for a club sandwich, mac 'n' cheese, and a large Pepsi.  The mac 'n' cheese was good, and the sandwich was just okay.  I say take your $13 and go to Texaz Grill!!!  WAY better food, and for $13 you can get dessert too.
5	I always hear great things about this spot and when I had a chance to go it was a must... I entered the restaurant it smelled so good I wanted to try everything but I went with the New Yorker and a cup of Split Pea Soup... I rate the experience as followed.The New Yorker - ASplit Pea Soup - AStaff - AI was really impressed with the food here... I need to go back ASAP and get the stuffed Cabbage Rolls... Lots of great food to warm you up on these cold winter days.
5	One of the best Delis in Phoenix !!
5	I've eaten the hot brisket of beef sandwiches on onion rolls at Miracle Mile for over thirty years. I no longer live in Phoenix but I must visit every vacation usually more than once. I first ate at Chris-Town and then Park Central and then Arrowhead and now Colonade. The brisket is as good today as it was in 1980.  I know the corned beef, pastrami and egg salad are equally excellent but I order the brisket nearly every time...I've never had brisket at any other deli that even comes close to being as good. The fries are always great too. The bread pudding is my fave dessert but be prepared to split it or take it home, its huge.
5	This place is great.  Everytime I go I either get the pastrami or the corned beef, so I can't comment on the rest of the menu but everything looks delicious here and I am sure it all is.  The pastrami and corned beef are amazing, never too much fat and never dry, and most importantly never chewy and always tender, perfect every time.  Granted I have never been to New York, but I feel their pastrami and corned beef is probably as good as anywhere.
4	i could eat the hot pastrami sandwich everyday for the rest of my life!  the new yorker is good too.  the fries are good.  not the best but good.  they have alot on the menu but all i order is hot pastrami and the new yorker.  any side you order is expensive.  so i never order anything.the ambiance is loud during lunch.  i guess this is a local hot spot for lunch.  lots of seating available.i've never had a bad experience here.
4	Excellent New Yorker sandwich; pastrami, cole slaw and special dressing, get it one an onion roll! This is a huge sandwich, beware of afternoon naps!
2	It is by far not a true delicatessen, but more of an upscale sandwich shop with some soups.  The corned beef has little flavor because it's so lean, they do not make any of there breads, soups are average at best, hot foods are acceptable, there supposed boiled potatoes are right out of a can, chili is below average, and all there deserts are not made in house.  If you want to experience a real deli in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area, head to Chompie's.
2	Ordered hot corned beef and wife ordered a cheeseburger at 230pm. We were the only ones in the place.I asked to please wait to make the corned beef until the cheeseburger was ready.  Ok, no problem.   Paid the $21 and went to a table.  Within 2 minutes, the corned beef arrived.  I asked for the 2 meals to come together, young lady."Don't worry, your order will be right out."Fifteen minutes later, it came.  Corned beef was dry and tasteless, cheeseburger ok for eight bucks.I agree with another review, this place is just an overpriced sandwich shop with bad service. Not sure what is special here, if anything.
5	This is a great Phoenix delicatessen and one of my favorites. In fact, I always preferred Miracle Mile over many of the other deli options in the Valley. They have great corned beef and pastrami, and both are always moist and tender. The only thing that makes me do a double-take at Miracle Mile is when I am asked if I want cheese on my corned beef. Who performs that act of sacrilege? At any rate, their fries make for a nice side to their sandwiches, but I actually prefer their potato pancakes. They also have a very good matzo ball soup (although my mom's recipe is by far the best), but I don't recall them serving it on a daily basis. Another excellent choice is their split pea soup. The nice thing about Miracle Mile is that they serve a specific menu of dinner entrees for each day of the week. Try their hot turkey dinner, which is simply the best. This is a nice, casual dining place to enjoy good food, and, located on Camelback Road, it makes for easy access to the Biltmore Fashion Park or downtown Scottsdale.
4	Looking for a light lunch at Miracle Mile Delicatessen? Oy! You won't find it here!I was stuffed fuller than the turkey on my challah ever could have been. The "special" is described as a 1/2 sandwich and (either side salad or) cup of soup. I had no idea it also came with French fries and a pickle wedge! The turkey was fresh and overflowing over the bread. Try it with a side of cranberry sauce for that "Thanksgiving" flair. The matzo ball soup was also tasty, with the flavor of homemade broth.It had been quite a while since my last visit to Miracle Mile Delicatessen and the new decor gives it a lighter, airier feel than I remembered. But the service is just as fast  and the portions will leave you stuffed to the max!
5	Awesome food and great service.  Their reuben sandwich w/ fries is to die for!!!
5	Best deli i have ever been to! Have been a loyal foodie fan since it's inception at the old christown mall. The newer location Rocks. Great food & Prices. The busers are awesome- you feel like you are being waited on by top notch servers and they arent even servers! just because its a deli doesnt mean the service experience is underrated.Please TIp  these awesome servers- they deserve it! It is my moms favorite deli also....we will continue to be loyal foodie fans of this awesome deli.FYI- Best Rueben Samy i have ever had!
4	Brisket on a kaiser with the juices dripping onto the bread. Makes it a little hard to eat, but its yummy.  Fries are good too.  A little spendy, but all in all a good deli meal.
5	I'm going to admit this.I don't have a single Jewish or New York ounce of DNA in my whole body. I've never even been to New York ( I know, but it's on my bucket list). My family is either from Cincinnati ( German and Scottish), or the Washington DC area (Irish and French). But maybe a little bit of me is a reincarnated New Yorker? There's got to be a little deli in my DNA strand, or in my memory somewhere....Because I have loved this place since I was a kid growing up in Phoenix. My parents used to take me in here for  potato pancakes and chicken soup and Hebrew National hot dogs as a kid. They ate Reubens piled with sauerkraut and Swiss cheese on marbled rye bread. I didn't know better yet, or I'd have had one too. . Later, I got a job working at KLZI Radio one summer between college semesters ( my dad got me a stint as a substitute receptionist) and it was close enough to duck in for lunch. Cabbage rolls? Sure! Matza ball soup? so what if it's 117 degrees, bring it! Liverwurst? were my friends around, no, well ok! YUM. The lunch specials were cheap and affordable on my minimum wage budget. Besides, my dad said I just had to work, not that I had to save any money, right?I still like this place, and you can still get some good stuff in here. I like how long it's been around, and I like their story. It makes me happy. Last time I went and got my dad and dragged him back to Portland I got some chicken liver and it was good. Yum.
5	Miracle Mile is the best lunch in town!!!! I've been going here for 20 years. They put so much into each and every meal/sandwich. They will make any modification you want. Meatloaf, stuffed peppers, the Reuben, the pastrami and sauerkraut, it's all good! There's a Hispanic guys that's been there as long as I've been going there. he is the nicest guy. I love this place. Best casual business lunch in town.
4	Amazing sandwiches and probably the best servers/staff of any restaurant I've been to. Great choices and gourmet sandwiches available that comes with a handful of sides and a pickle. Condiments on every table and a tray of free water at the end of the counter. All smiles around. Such a great place. I can complain about the price but I just keep coming back anyway! It's that good!
5	The best Deli in Phoenix.  This place is always crowed around lunch and is well worth the wait.My favorite is the Pastrami and Swiss on marble rye and make sure you ask for the thousand island dressing!!!
5	Thanks to all the staff at Miracle Mile Deli for a successful delicious catered lunch on March 8.  The food was delivered on time, set up appropriately and abundant.  We had the cold cut plattter, lighter side platter, veggie platter and all the fixings.  My group thoroughly enjoyed the meal, as did non attending staff with the leftovers, which were plenty.  The pricing was well within our budget.  I have been asked list them as "keepers" for future event catering.  We'll be seeing you again!
4	Stopped in here for lunch today, accompanied by Robyn N. & Mike C.  For this first visit, I ordered a "Straw", which brought out a sandwich with pastrami, cheese and sauerkraut on a big fluffy round egg bun with toasted onion flakes on top.  For the included side item I chose a potato pancake rather than fries (no extra charge), and they gave me little cup of sour cream to spread on it, along with a cup of applesauce which I ate by itself.  A tasty pickle spear also came along.This delicious lunch is supposed to be a reasonable $9.79, but was only $8.32 with a coupon from the website.  The restaurant itself was nice too.     :-))
3	Had lunch here withRobyn N. and Rand H. I had the #1 straw  which consisted of pastrami on a bun with saurkruat and and mozzarella cheese and a potatoe pancake.well the potatoe pancake was only 3 stars and the sandwich was not bad but not as good as scotts generations. I like deli's and this one did not shine over the others I have been to.
5	The beef brisket was WAY too salty.The macaroni was over cooked and running off the plate.I had a bite of pickle.The pickle was crisp.The pickle had class.The pickle was perfection.I was going to exchange the meal but I already lost my appetite. Without hesitation, mgmt offered me a monetary refund. He was a gem as were all the other chipper employees. I left satisfied, with a smile and full of joy. Best place to come while dieting!
5	The BBQ pastrami has taken its place among my favorite sandwiches. Plenty of breads to choose from - I got the kaiser roll on my most recent visit, but I've had several different kinds before, always great. I'm not sure what makes this sandwich so good - it's just plain quality.Fries and other side items are pretty tasty, and while I haven't tried a whole lot of different things there, most of the menu looks pretty appetizing. Since I live nearby now, I'll likely be back often to keep trying new things.
5	Ate here as a kid when it was at Park Central Mall.  The sandwiches are just as good at this Collonade location.  I like the beef brisket and the fries are always yummy.  It's just good, warm, comfort food...a nice deli sandwich.  The guys behind the counter are always friendly and parking and seating is almost always available.  What's not to like?
4	I was expecting nothing special from this place, but I will say that the sandwiches were far better than that and the mashed potatoes and fries were wonderful! Mixed with a bit of horseradish, the mashed potatoes were among the best I've had (aside from my own). The fries were fresh, golden, and crispy.My only gripe is that the sandwich I ordered wasn't as requested, but still tasty. The cheese used was lower quality, so it didn't sit very well.
3	the sandwiches are decent, nothing amazing or special. I got the triple decker, which has layers of hot pastrami, bread, and their special sauce. the best thing about my meal was the French fries and pickle.the atmosphere of this place was kind of yicky to me for some reason.  it wasn't dirty or anything, maybe just a little outdated and not very inviting.the positive about this place is that your food is prepared VERY quickly. if you are looking for a quick lunch, this would be the place.
4	Pleasantly surprised...thought this was just another delicatessen, but this place had a really extensive menu offering something for everyone.  I just stopped in for a snack, but would like to go back and eat a full meal.
5	I don't know how anyone could ever give this amazing place less than 5 Stars.  I had the New Yorker on an onion roll and potato pancakes.  I haven't been here for years because I live so far away but it is just as amazing as ever.  The pastrami was stacked high and the sweetness of the coleslaw and Thousand Island mixed with the fresh roll is absolute perfection.  The potato pancake was crispy on the outside and full of flavor!  The Restaurant is set up cafeteria style and they keep you moving.  The service and hospitality are quick and top notch.
4	I have been going to Miracle Mile for years and years, and in my opinion it is still the best deli in town. Years ago, it was even better than it is now (hard to imagine), but it still has all of classics cooked to perfection. It is hard to go wrong with anything on the menu, but my favorites are the daily specials. Try them if you haven't already, especially the beef stew on Tuesdays and the fish on Fridays.There is not much else to say - if you want cafeteria style deli and you want it done right - this is the place to get it.
5	Not sure how I have missed this place as I live 5 minutes away but stopped in today for the first time for lunch.  The restaurant is very clean and like many others have said it is cafeteria style.  You step up to the counter and they prepare you food to order.  They have a great number of different sandwiches, salads, soups and deserts to choose from.  I ordered the "New Yorker" Piled high with Hot Pastrami topped with homemade Cole slaw and Miracle Mile Dressing $9.79.  Sandwiches come with your choice of sides and a pickle. I cannot remember ever having better Pastrami.  Service was friendly as expected.  I will probably go back tomorrow.  :-)
4	I guess Pastrami is the way to go here and I do not like that so can not offer a fair review on that. However, friends say it is pretty good. The sandwiches are fine but not a 5 star deli. They have a nice selection of foods and sandwich options. The desserts look good but I have not tasted any in a long time so not sure how yummy they are. I did not see any Black or White cookies nor Cannolli tonight but I think they have NY style Cheesecake now and again. For my dinner tonight I had the Chicken Salad on an onion roll. I have had that a few times in the past and it has always been pretty good. It is not the best I have had but pretty good. I will leave it at that. They also have Knishes, which are hard to find in Phoenix. The problem is this place is expensive for Phx standards. I just got back from NY and I paid more for three items here than I did for 6 items there. Hmmmmmmmmm??Of course the food is not nearly as good as the NY food. I guess this is probably one of the better delis in town if you can not make it to Cassellas in Scottsdale or NY Hero in Downtown Phoenix.
5	One of the best places in town to get a New York Style Pastrami Sandwich.Every time I came into town from San Diego Miracle Mile wound be the first place I eat at.
5	Classic Phoenix Deli that has been here since I can remember as a child at Park Central Mall and Christown Mall.Best deli sandwiches and soups, my go to sandwich is the Hot Pastrami on Onion Roll. I don't think I have ordered anything else the past 10 + years. Service is fast as you go through the deli line and always plenty of room for any size group.Location is central to anywhere in Phoenix with plenty of parking. Always clean and nice to done at, will be back again and again as long as they have pastrami and onion roll.One of my favorite lunch locations
4	Ok finally checked it out for lunch today, all I can say is they have cabbage rolls !! There awesome ! Old school food nothing fancy just hearty classic stuff.
3	The food was good but I just didn't like the atmosphere. It seems more like a cafeteria than a deli.
5	Hands down the best deli in town. Awesome food and an abundant variety. Huge portions and excellent service. What else can you ask for?I typically get a combo pastrami and brisket on a onion roll with Swiss. However, some of my other favs are: the beef stew, stuffed cabbage, chicken enchiladas and the BBQ sandwich. Long live Miracle Mile Deli!
5	Went with 2native NewYork City friends. They said "be sure to say this is the real deal." This is the real deal, Yelpers. Amazing meats and breads. Great sides (fries not so much) and pickle slices that will leave you thinking you are pregnant...you will crave them when you leave. Yes there is YooHoo and Dr Brown. No egg cream, whatever that is. Seemed to be the only thing my friends thought was. Missing. I didn't save room for dessert which I regret. That bread pudding and cheesecake looked fierce. When I go back (for more pickles) I will remedy that.
3	Miracle Mile is a great speciality to have in Phoenix. Having a New York State of mind, I love coming here to enjoy this l cuisine since it is rare to find in these neck of the woods.Whether it's the chicken soup with matzah balls, a delicious pastrami sandwich, corned beef, a traditional sandwich, a hot dog or a piece of cheesecake for dessert - always puts a little smile on my face. You are always going to get a good meal at Miracle Mile, definitely the best around! Haven't tried the potato knish just yet ;)Since I cannot have my mom's chicken soup when I am sick, I make my way over here to cure any cold or cough!
4	We come to the miracle mile deli every time we visit Phoenix. Everything we have tried tastes really good. Corn beef, pastrami and stuffed cabbage are my favorites. I also like the potato pancakes, potato knish and Mac and Cheese. They have delicious lemon meringue pie and cheese cake.Everyone who works here is very pleasant and eager to help you. That includes the people behind the counter, the cashiers and the people who bring the tray to your table. The restaurant is always kept very clean.I will keep coming back.
5	Best pastrami sandwich in the valley. Go for the New Yorker. Enormous. Filling. Delicious. You will feel fantastic after this experience. Don't forget to get a Dr. Brown soda, also
5	I may be stuck in my ways....but that's a good thing at Miracle Mile. I always get the New Yorker on a kaiser roll. Corned beef and pastrami with coleslaw. Sloppy, delicious and juicy. Sometimes I get it with fries and sometimes with potato salad, but either way it's always delish.Cafeteria style, fast service, clean, loud and busy! Just like NYC...and they have Dr. Brown's, if you know what I mean.Just tried the bread pudding for the first time. Nothing to write home about, but still very good. Lots of raisins....Great deli, if not the best in Phoenix.
3	I have been to Miracle Mile before, just not this one. Probably not a fair review because I only got a grill cheese sandwich. It comes with a side, I got chips and a drink. You get to choose your bread and I chose the marble rye. The makings for a great sandwich. So what kind of cheese do they use? Not real cheese. You know the kind that is wrapped in plastic and will keep in the refrigerator for two years and still be eatable. On the better side my mother in law and father in law got a ruben and a turkey. Those sandwiches really looked good and they said so. The service was as good as you could ever expect at a cafeteria type of eatery. Everyone was friendly and the people that came by the tables cleaning and helping guests were fantastic. I was very impressed with they way they took care of everyone. Unless you are fond of imitation cheese pass on the grill cheese sandwich. Everything else looked good.
3	I went there for lunch on a work day with some coworkers. The inside reminded me of a hospital or college cafeteria. It is definitely very casual and lines move very fast. Maybe I didn't know what to order or I ordered the wrong things, but I wasn't too impressed with the food. After staring at the menu for a while waiting in line, I decided to go for their deal of 1/2 sandwich and two sides. I ordered the hot pastrami sandwich with a side of mac n cheese and their steamed vegetables. Then I watched how my food was put together without any passion in less than 10 seconds. The sandwich was just really ok. Nothing special. In fact, it was just bread and a lot of pastrami. There was nothing else on it. No sauce, no cabbage, nothing. As far as the sides go, the Mac n cheese was the best of the whole meal. The vegetables were broccoli and carrots and tasted like water. I didn't really enjoy this meal and actually got stomach cramps afterward. I won't go out of my way to go there again, unless someone takes me and orders something amazing for me.
5	I have been going to Miracle Mile since I was a kid, back when they used to have a location at Chris-Town Mall. (I just aged myself!) Anyways, I always got the same..well almost. A triple decker or the New Yorker and a YooHoo to wash it all down! My goodness!But I went without it for a long time due to my service in the military and dreamt of Miracle Mile's yummy pastrami on an onion bun! So needless to say I got happy when I discovered a location on the East Valley!! So I dragged my boss, a first timer, and got a New Yorker with fries and an ice cold YooHoo! My taste buds were singing!It was nice being able to relish in a childhood memory and see my boss enjoy in her first time enjoying it!I recommend this place everyone and anyone! The best place to ever get a pastrami sandwich!
5	I have been wanting to try this place for a while now and had the opportunity today. They did not disappoint! I jad the straw and it was delicious! I am going to try their New Yorker next trip.
5	First went to MM as a small child in the 60's with my dad when they had one down at Park Central Mall; took my son to Christown in the 80's and now I take my grandson to Camelback. My fav is the New Yorker-huge pile of pastrami, coleslaw and Russian dressing on a fresh onion roll, plenty for two or save for lunch the next day. My son loves their salads and my grandson loves the homemade mac n cheese with jello for dessert.I love to see places with polite employees and MM 's are great and many seem to have been around forever.You don't stay in business as long as MM unless your doing something right.
3	I ordered the cheesesteak (which is made with brisket) and although it wasn't bad by any means, it was pretty average. The fact that it's also $10.99 makes it less than exciting. The fries are straight out of a 1950's hospital cafeteria. They're so bland they shouldn't be offered.The clientele was older: probably 60-80 years old on average. The vibe is completely that of a cafeteria.The restaurant has been around more than 50 years, and although it's sad to say it, it won't be around for another 50. This type of food, cafeteria-service, and interior is going to fade away as the generation that supported it eventually passes on. If you're under 60 and not from the east coat, this NYC Deli/Cafeteria shtick isn't going far with you. With the many sandwich options surrounding this area, I can't ever see why I'd come here again, unless it's to soak up the nostalgia for a simpler time, when food standards were less stringent and the way to order food was with a tray in hand.
5	When I went in with my daughter we ordered vegetarian sandwiches and they were pretty awful.  I know they have great deli meats and such.  I complained, and they not only sent a gift card, they actually solved the problem!  I love that.  Now they have some decent vegetarian items.   When I just get a gift certificate from some corporate PR flak,  I don't even want it sometimes because they don't even address the issue.    Miracle Mile did though.  Thank you!  You get five stars.
5	Awesome service. I thought at first this place was only for old people...boy was I wrong. Freakin great food, dessert and again service. They are always clean n friendly. I am in love with there turkey sandwich. They make it exactly how I want it . Sounds crazy but sometime restaurants over due the simplest things. All I can say is if you looking for a place to grab something savory this is the place to go. Did I mention the service? Lol
4	The service was outstanding, the food was delicious and the place was clean. I would recommend this to family and friends.
5	the best pastrami you'll find anywhere........another favorite of mine is their mac and cheese........I just wish they had a place closer to me again so I could go there more
5	Everytime I'm the area I go here. I've had the New Yorker, the Ruban, and several of the sides. The food is always fresh, and the bread is soft. They have awesome options. Best sandwiches ever! This is a must go to.
5	OMG I haven't even been there yet and I love this place my husband Pete just won a year of free pastrami YUM!
5	The best Kosher style deli in town. My fave place used to be Abe's but since they went kaput I decided it was time to give this place a shot. Boy did this place deliver. Not only was the pastrami sandwich  delicious and filling, but the sides exceeded expectation as well. Most places outside of New York don't know how to make decent potato salad or cole slaw. Miracle Mile delivered on both! (though do skip the macaroni salad, that's my one criticism).  I left feeling full and happy. If you haven't tried this place yet and are having a hankering for real New York Jewish deli food, don't bother going to any of the other places in Phoenix claiming to be New York style delis (you know who I'm talking about). Just come to Miracle Mile. It won't leave you feeling disappointed. A note to the uninitiated: if you come here, order pastrami, corn beef, or any deli-type fare. I have no idea what their fruit salad or their pancakes taste like and you shouldn't either. Order real deli food and I guarantee you will be satisfied!
4	Had the stuffed cabbage. delicious!!!!!!! Side of veggies and water. Will definitely be back.
5	Chicago needs more deli's like this. Cafeteria line and you just point at what you want. It was sensory overload for me. Lasagna, potato's, Pulled pork. I was freaking out! But I knew what I wanted. I passed by several Subways and Jimmy John's to get here. The pastrami on rye with fries had my number. The sandwich was right on the money. juicy and packed with meat. The fries were on the crisp side. The mac and cheese came free with my Yelp check-in. Cheesy, creamy and full of flavor.It was a typical lunch crowd with everyone enjoying their meal. Next time I'm in the area. this is a must on my list. OH! And to Kyle S. Who has his taste buds set on Big Mac's and Dorito's. I am quite sure this fine establishment will be here way past your expiration date. So there is no need for you to return and ruin your youthful vibe to choke down a meal that was made in house instead of pressed and steamed at a factory overseas.
5	Okay, you just cannot beat a good deli and this place rocks. I was overwhelmed by the choices but the Rueben was calling. As you walk through he line you just point and ask and pick it up at the end. After biting into my sandwich I could understand why it was crowded. Good food and prices. Service is quick and with a smile. This is a must stop, don't waste your time at a chain.
5	This is not a usual restaurant. In fact it doesn't look like a restaurant at all. And yet it beats plenty of eating experiences you may have in lots of other places just because of the fact that it isn't.You can read a lot about its history and so on online.But nothing will prepare you for your first time you visit this place. Its like going back in time to a place where no fuzz eating was the norm and the quality of the food was judged based on its taste and not how its arranged on a plate. And yes the food is simple and delicious.The service is direct and genuine.Enjoy this place for what it is because its special and in its own way great.
5	Times square cheese steak is my fave at this deli..Perfectly cooked brisket, grilled onions and peppers, pepper jack cheese served with fries and a pickle for $11.99Make sure you have time for a wait as this place is always packed during lunch time..
5	Best deli in town, I've tried almost everything on the menu. Today, something new and great: chicken enchiladas! Never thought a deli could make such good chicken enchiladas, but they are really good. Wednesday only special.
4	Decided to stop in for lunch today since I wasn't totally sure what I was wanting and knew I'd find something here. I decided on 1/2 of a pastrami sandwich with mac & cheese (it was a special today) and fries since my 1/2 of my sandwich comes with two sides. It was still a bit to much food but that's ok. Service is always great and it is always very clean. The staff is always friendly as well. Will certainly keep this spot in mind again for lunch soon.
