5	I have been to many Italian restaurants and Arrivederci is Fantastic! I had Eddie the waiter order for me and I was not disappointed. I was served the Veal Marsala and it was oh so good. I then finished with the chocolate Tiramisu...oh my!!! Arrivederci is a must.
4	Although I'd been in this shopping center before, last night was my first time dining at Arrivederci... some friends of mine were in from out of town and suggested we meet here for dinner.  I bit my tongue instead of suggesting Giuseppe's instead and figured, why not try somewhere new?I'm happy I did.  I was extremely impressed with Arrivederci.  Service was fantastic, portions were really big, and the company was a cherry on top.  There were 5 of us total, and I think everybody was happy with our experience.  We received fresh warm rolls and a pesto-olive oil sauce off the bat... yum!  Our waters and drinks were refilled constantly which is always a big plus.  Side note - everytime I said 'thank you,' our Italian waiter replied with a 'prego' - so charming; it made me feel like I was really in Italy!I started with the arugula salad... it was lightly dressed with a perfect balsamic, and had just the right amount of tomato, parmesan cheese and artichoke.  (I think the artichokes came from a can, but I like canned artichokes, so it was fine with me).  The others seemed to enjoy their caesar salads just as much.  For my main entree, I had the linguine vongole cozze e calamari (Linguine with clams, mussels, calamari and zucchini) in red sauce.  It was delicious!Other dishes at our table were the spaghetti and meatballs, and a pasta dish that had Italian Sausage, chicken breast, bell peppers, zucchini, and mushrooms, sauted in white wine with a touch of tomato sauce - that was a hit as well!We were all too full to order dessert this time, so I'll have to remember to save room my next visit.  I really don't think you can go wrong dining at Arrivederci... it's casual, charming, local, and they've proven successful since they've been open since 1995.  Cheers to many more years of success... Gratzi Arrivederci!
5	This place adorable! The staff and owner are authentic Italian, and you can taste the authenticity in the food. They use the freshest ingredients and I believe they make everything there on site (as in, all the sauces, etc.). And when they bring the check, they bring everyone a free lemon-cello shot! The atmosphere is so cute and it's very intimate. A great date spot or a nice place to take visiting parents.
4	Nice & cozy place. On the expensive side but the food is great depending on what you pick. The chef's special had a dish with some kind of potato dumplings with cheese. Although plain sounding, that was just mouth watering. We also got a seafood pasta with clams, prawns & calamari in it. This was way too fishy smelling. Felt like a seagull eating raw fish. I am a major seafood fan, but this did not do it for me. We'll go there again for special occassions.
2	Wrapping up our stay in Phoenix, the manfriend and I were hoping for a pretty decent meal here, after the previous night's amazing dining at Quiessence.  What a let down, even though we got a good laugh out of the Ferrari parked out front (how many plates of pasta sold?!)I grew up in with a Sicilian family and spent years on the East Coast, eating literally hundreds of meals in restaurants all throughout New York, Pennsylvania and New Jersey.  My opinion is that I have tasted authentic American-Italian food from the gamut of my grandfather's bolognese sauce (to die for) to off the Jersey turnpike dive Italian joints (to die from).  I appreciate a good dive joint with homey Italo-US grub.  This ain't it.+ 1 Star - Decor.  I love the kitchy (ok, downright tacky) walls painted with the Italo-city flair.  It's just the perfect hideous companion to the checkered table clothes and low grade china/glasses.  It works for me.+ 1 Star - Waiters.  I love grumpy Italian waiters! Their presence usually means that there will be some good food coming.- 1 Star - Bread.  What is with the hideous squishy white rolls?  At least they were warm and came with some pesto dipping sauce.  But they were more like sandwich rolls and less like dinner bread.- 1 Star - Pasta.  Why is the pasta cooked to paste?  Is it because we were the only diners in the place without gray hair, maybe they can't chew the al dente anymore?  Squishy noodles that became paste in my man's dish, and blubbery tubes that couldn't be forked (I had to spoon them!) in mine.- 1 Star - Sauce.  I had vodka sauce.  He had al fredo with mushrooms.  Not a good comment when he says: "It tastes like beef stroganoff without the beef".  My vodka sauce was not bad, but nothing I would think about twice.- 1 Star - Grated Cheese.  Not fresh grated.  Likely bought in bulk - was actually "sprinkled" over my food (by request) with large sticky-glumps of it bouncing off the edges of my plate.  Had zero flavor - just a mild saltiness.  Obviously cheap quality.- 1 Star - Bus person.  Hey lady!  Why would you come and ask my date if he wants a box for his pasta leftovers (ugh! no thanks!) while I am still SPOONING food into my gullet?  There are plenty of other empty tables, so why rush us?  Oh, and you don't have to come by twice and ask it.  Get us some more grainy Phoenix tap water, why dontcha?- 1 Star - Price.  It felt overpriced to me to pay $15 for his plate of mediocre pasta with no protein (chicken, salmon, meat).  And just about that for mine.  Add one beer (I had water) and we are hovering around $40 with tax/tip.  Silly.I really would like to give these guys below a 2 but they weren't quite nasty enough to rate a 1.  I don't know what all these people who are rating this place 4 and even 5 stars are thinking.  Maybe they are comparing it to Olive Garden (I mentioned that place to my man and he said he thought the OG food was better than here!) or Macaroni Grill? This is a place for people who have mediocre taste buds and little experience with innovative dining.  For me, I won't bother coming again and neither should you.
4	I've eaten here twice.  First experience was lunch with the wife.  We had an intimate dining experience and really enjoyed our meal.  Seated at a small, cozy booth; the restaurant was uncrowded and we were unrushed.  We remember the bread as exceptional (I note at least one other reviewer found it lacking).  The food was very good.Second visit was a weekend dinner and the place was packed.  Three of us this time and we got an awkward table straddling the threshold between the main dining hall and the winterized patio.  There was a large, loud group in the small patio type room behind us ruining the atmosphere.  The kitchen seemed stressed, our meal was delayed, and my memories of the experience are not good - but I do remember the food was fine.My advice, go at an off hour - perhaps for an early dinner.
3	I've only tried one entree here because I am afraid to try the others.  There eggplant parmesan is to die for!  Although my food is great, the wait staff is a little pushy (may be the Italian in them).  No expression on there faces or warm smiles.  I've been here only a handful of times but crave there eggplant quite often.  It is a very intimate setting and a great date night!  I remember once asking for more bread with our meal and the bread took almost 20 minutes, but it did taste like it came out of the oven.  The portions are very generous and I always have left overs.  I would recommend this place for good Italian food but if your wanting a warm friendly wait staff I would check out the olive garden, where you are family!
4	Love this place.  I found it by accident back in 2001 and I was surprised at how excellent the food was.  It has become the place my wife and I go for our anniversaries, and for special occasions.  The food is fresh and tasty and the service is AWESOME!  Can't recommend highly enough.*edit*  Fogo de Cho is now our anniversary dinner choice.  It's amazing.
5	We have eaten at Arrivederci dozens of times over many years.  The food has always been excellent and the service the same.  We have our luncheon meetings there and often take out of town guests for dinner because we know they will love the food and the atmosphere is like eating in a bistro or cafe in Italy or other places in Europe.  Giovanni is excellent and makes you feel welcome and taken care of, as does Eddie, the owner, and the waitresses.  I am amazed that anyone would give this restaurant anything but 5 stars and great praise.  We have been there at various times day and night, as well as when it was crowded and during times we were one of the few there - and the service and food never varied in excellence. It is one of our favorite places to eat in all of Phoenix.
4	My mom recommended this restaurant which fit my husbands Italian Date Night theme perfectly.  We went early because our movie started at 6:45 and we wanted to eat prior.  The place is very inimate and cozy and was nearly empty at 5:30 on a Saturday night.  Our waiter, who was also our host, was very attentive and friendly.  We were brought rolls that appear to be homemade and taste to be too.  They come with a bowl of pesto that is fantastic!  I had the Canneloni with beef filling in a red cream sauce and my husband had the Gnocci  We asked if we could have the gnocci with meatballs and red sauce instead of the menu choices of chicken, shrimp or salmon.  We think the meatballs and red sauce should be added to the menu as a selection.  It was superb!  Fresh and garlicky.  My canneloni were very rich and the melty, crusty cheese on top really made the dish.  We did not get salads prior to our meal nor dessert afterwards.  Our orders were plentiful.  We will be back!
4	Arrivederci, a southern Italian enclave in the midst of a strip mall in the desert, can boast the rare designation of a dining choice that was not a compromise candidate between members of my family. Granted, I might have just been weak from the travel, but I was enthusiastic to satiate a hunger difficult to address in my homeland.I was not disappointed with what we found. An owner who greets patrons with "buena sera!" in a thoroughly non-corporate, warm, mood-lit setting is always a good sign. Many patrons who respond back in Italian and conduct themselves like they're at their second home are an even better sign, even if the restaurant was a bit empty.The true test, of course, is the food. No amount of show or neighborhood family feel could compensate for a massive kitchen deficiency. Fortunately, it wasn't required:- Bread: Uninteresting... except I could drink the accompanying pesto and oil mix.- Minestrone (~$5): The lowlight. A case of nothing ventured, nothing gained. Skip it.- Gnocchi in pink vodka sauce with salmon (~$19): Let's just say I was highly looking forward to the leftovers as two separate snacks. - "Choco"misu (~$7): Much hullabaloo is made about the addition of the ingredient, but it really just came off as above average tiramisu.- Cannoli (~$5): Always ridiculously unhealthy, but here it's made properly with ricotta and the texture is spot on enough to justify it.Arrivederci is an excellent "corner" restaurant in a land lacking a bit in both deviance and corners. More importantly, it clearly passes the "would survive in NJ as-is" test. There is nothing left to say.
5	This is very authenic Italian and one of my favorites. The waitstaff are friendly and attentive, but to be honest it is all about the superb food. I reccomend the stuffed eggplant and the linguine al fredo w/ chicken. The wonderful rolls with homemade pesto is pure heaven.
5	So we started with the porabella mushroom appetizer, it was cooked perfectly but had a little to much salt. I had the fettuccine with mushrooms, it was a rich Alfredo sauce and all the mushrooms where cooked to perfection. It was a large portion but oh so good. My grandmother had there new eggplant parmesan, as she said it was so good and everything was cooked to perfection, nothing mushy. My grandfather had the chapino, It was a generous portion of fish and pasta with clams all through the sauce and shrimp; it was not spicy at all and the portion was also large. The only faults that I saw where,The amount of noise in the small restaurant and that the parmesan cheese ,they ask you if you want any, is not fresh grated it's that powder type. It was a great place and I plan to go back.
5	Hello Fellow Travelers,My husband and I had the great pleasure of trying Ristorante Arrivederci in Scottsdale last evening.  Having lived here in Arizona for about 6 years, we always drove by this restaurant yet never ventured in.  I guess better late than never, as our taste buds were delightfully satisfied!Their mission boasts healthy but tasty food, casual elegance and impeccable service.  Ristorante Arriverderci keeps its promise to all three.  This restaurant's roots come from a native Master Italian chef, Franco, who partnered to bring their special "Nouvelle Italian Cuisine" to:  La Jolla, California, Scottsdale and Ahwatukee, Arizona, and finally Houston, Texas.A:  Upon entering this establishment, you are taken to a most welcoming atmosphere.  To the left hand side, there is a small cozy bar area.  The hostess awaits you with a smile and you see a most cozy dining area, complete with several sections of intimate areas to dine.  The hostess seated us towards the back dining area, where it can be a little warmer.  They are quick though to adjust the air conditioning, to make sure all are comfortable.  The walls have quotes in Italian, along with decor that takes you away to a feeling of dining in a cozy restaurant off the streets in Rome.  We were promptly given water at our table, as well as warm fresh bread with pesto dipping sauce.  A nice touch with the fresh roll of bread served from the basket of a server!T:  Their menu includes a variety of appetizers to delight, as well as salads, hearty pasta meals, secondary entrees, and their special "Treasure of the Chef" entrees.  Prices for their pastas and entrees vary from 11.00 to 19.95.  Their portions are large, so you are certainly receiving every cent worth you pay.  I ordered the Campagnola salad and Rigatoni Emiliani with meatballs for my main course.  The salad was crisp and refreshing, along with a generous portion of balsamic vinaigrette. The Rigatoni Emiliani with meatballs will satisfy any pasta and meatball craving!  A more than ample serving of large rigatoni pasta, mixed in with a generous serving of their tomato sauce and homemade meatballs makes for pasta dish deliciousness.  Their seasonings within the dish bring the a taste that no other that I have tasted in the valley.  About 4-5 meatballs are included, so the carnivore in you is also satisfied.  This dish makes for an extremely filling meal. They also have dessert if you still have room left over from your meal!  :)  Next time, will have to save some room to sample their dessert which I am certain is quite unforgettable as well.Upon closing out our bill, we received a shot of limoncello to help with digestion.  An extremely nice touch to close out our meal. E:  Our overall experience was one not to be forgotten.  Even a nice touch with our waitress' tie embroidered with her initial.  :) I wish we would have ventured into this establishment all the sooner.  I guess better late than never, and will certainly make up for lost time!I will never want to say arrivederci to this restaurant!  I will say hello many a time in my dining future.Your Honored Guide,--Christina
4	Gnocchi alla vodka is *muah* molte bene great service they brought my boyfriend the wrong meal but were happy to bring the right one out. Cannoli was so sweet and yum tuaca liquore was so smooth. A definate successful dinner.
4	Hungry for some pasta, I grabbed my man and my groupon and hit Arrivederci. The wall art was.......interesting?  Some strange looking faux Italian frescoes. Not what I would do, but on to the food: The rolls with pesto to start were fantastic. Good thing they only gave us one roll apiece or we'd have filled up on those. We split an arugula salad, which had a great vinaigrette dressing. For dinner,  I had the linguini vogole-shrimp, clams, mussels and calamari with the perfect amount of red sauce and expertly cooked noodles. My other half had the carne cannelloni, which was super rich, but SO tasty! I had more than one bite and was really impressed. We had no room to do dessert, but we did clean our dinner plates. Bottom line- super good food, but I can't afford it all the time. Thanks for the experience groupon!
4	We eat here frequently and it is always solid, good food.   The staff is wonderful!
5	Excellent food and service in a quant restaurant. They've got a nice wine selection as well!
1	Don't like this place very much.  The decor is really cheesy and tacky, the location is horrid, and the food is sub par at best.  I come from the nyc area, so i've had my fair share of authentic Italian food and this place could do much better.  I'm also not sure what's up with the Ferrari in the front of the restaurant.  WHY?!
4	So good.The restaurant is admittedly in the most tucked away place. You'd hardly know it was there in the strip mall. Stepping inside however is an instant transformation to a charming little place.Now when I say charming, I don't mean too fancy. It's nice and sets a good mood. The wall decor is not exactly "out of place," but certainly a bit odd. But they could paint Grimace and Burger King sword fighting on the wall for all I care if the food is good.And the food is good. There are moments when food has taken me to another place, where I felt as though I could leave the bounds of Earth behind me. This is not one of those times. There's nothing transcendent about the food, but it's the kind of food that tastes so good that it reminds you to eat out more often. The kind that you think about days afterwards.The roll and pesto are a fantastic start to the meal, but dangerously addictive. It's hard to slow down to make room for you meal.Most recently, I had the lobster ravioli. The lobster was very fresh - a rarity in ravioli. The texture was perfect and supplemented by shrimp in the wine sauce that added to the seafood flavor. The raviolis were also cooked to a great heat and consistency. I frequently found myself closing my eyes to enjoy them.Not the most elegant of surroundings, but really great food for the price.
2	Two stars does feel a bit harsh for rating this place, but the description fits perfectly. "Meh. I've experienced better." Three stars would be "A-OK," which I don't feel describes my experience here at all.It's not that anything was particularly bad or offensive. It just wasn't great. The roll I got before eating was harder than I would have liked, but the pesto/olive oil that came with it was quite pleasant. On the recommendation of the server, I got one of their chef's special dishes, the Ciambotta Di Pollo e Salsiccia. Again, nothing was wrong with it. It was good and I plowed my way through it quickly. However, it was far from gourmet. The sauce, while it tasted fine, was hardly distinguishable from something from a jar. The chicken and peppers were roughly cut in all sizes. Then the biggest problem with the whole experience was the price. For my lunch of only iced tea and an entree, I paid just over $20 after tax and tip. Now I don't have a problem with paying $20 for a meal, not at all. But for that price, I expect quality. What I got did not at all match up with that expectation.I have nothing against this restaurant. I wasn't at all put off by the meal. But I can get better at Olive Garden for a lower price. I can call to mind several family-owned Italian restaurants with higher quality and lower prices. So I'll be taking my money to those.
5	Really enjoyed the whole night.  Service was great and food was better.  I made a reservation and they had table ready.  You can not go wrong with this place.
5	OMG so good!! I got a to-go order tonight and it was great. They were rally friendly and the rigatoni was fantastic. I went there because I had a coupon, but I can't wait to return.
4	We go here a lot. The only reason for not giving 5 stars is that i feel there is always room for improvement. There are many Italian restaurants in the area but this is by far the best.  I have had many dishes and they have all been very good. My kids even like the cheese ravioli. Cute small location
5	Hosted a wonderful birthday dinner for my wife at Arrivederci. The service, the food and the wine were outstanding. The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. The food was hot, flavorful and just like the Italian we love. Thanks for a memorable evening.
3	Not sure why this place gets such strong reviews- things were just okay. Bread was mediocre, as other reviewers have said, pesto was tasty but not fantastic. We had a caprese salad that was terrible, an arugula salad that came out first with more than 50% bad arugula (was quickly fixed, but STILL), and chicken parm was not great. Arrabiata sauce was great though, as were my kids' meatballs. And three stars instead of two for having whole wheat and gluten free pasta options. The server was SO nice, so I feel bad even writing anything negative, but need to be honest!
1	Disappointed. This wasn't our first time but it will be our last. First, my wife's wine glass had some suck-on food from its previous owner. Then her rigatoni with chicken in pink vodka sauce had bad chicken. She described it as chicken that had been in the refrigerator too long. My food was good. I had the lobster ravioli special.Our server replaced my wife's glass and promptly ordered a rigatoni without chicken. A manager never visited our table and that ruined the place for us. I understand that mistakes happen. But for the manager to not address the problem or even take the add-on chicken off the bill is unacceptable.
4	Arrivederci is one of those little nice family owned restaurants that people keep kvetching the valley doesn't have enough of.  While it's not the best Italian food in Scottsdale, it serves up some wonderful meals at reasonable prices.For me, it brings back memories of many little whole-in-the-wall Italian restaurants my family and I used to visit when I was growing up in Chicago and Cleveland.  As others have said, the decor is awful but easy to look past.  The "rustic" wall paper and wine racks probably had an authentic old school feeling 20 years ago, but the dining room could drastically use a 21st century update.  The Ferrari parked outside is cool for a quick glance, but really just serves as a fairly pointless "wow" device.The food tastes fresh, the sauces are good but not overpowering to the dishes, and the service is great.  The only thing I don't recommend is the complimentary liquor shots we received at the end of our meal.  Awful.  The server said it would help with digestion.  It left me feeling like I was suffering from indigestion.
1	I'm a little surprised at all the great ratings.  I have to say this was not a good restaurant.  While the ambiance is cute and works for a casual Italian restaurant, I was hoping for a great little find.  I was with two others and the salads were not good - the Caesar dressing tasted store-bought (and not a good store either).  I had the beef carpaccio and have to say it was the worst I have ever had - very tough around the edges and flavorless in the center of the beef.  They were very nice about exchanging it for a salad and didn't charge me for the dish.  I then had the eggplant appetizer and it was basically very thinly sliced eggplant with a mound of mozarella and some decent tomato sauce.  So, it actually tasted fine, but could have been better.  In addition, the prices were ridiculous for what you got.  If it was homemade pasta, I would understand.  But it clearly wasn't.  I'll keep looking for that great Italian restaurant that's not a chain, but stick with Maggiano's until I find it...
4	We have been coming to this restaurant for the past nine years and haven't had a bad experience yet. My father and and husband are addicted to the veal gorgonzola and ordered it the other night as usual. They raved about the tenderness of the meat and the richness of the cheese sauce. Unlike these gentlemen, I order something different every time we go. This time is was the gnocci with shrimp and argula---yum! The potato dumplings were sleek, plump, and velvety, peppered with plenty of shrimp in the sauce. I find the freshness of their seafood and the pastas pretty amazing. Of course the service tops it all off. Our lovely "mustached" waiter, who had obviously been doing his job well for many years, kept things humming and organized. We received a very warm greeting at the door as well to start things off on the right note as well. We love this place!
5	Rarely give a 5, but truthfully? We set out to go to Giuseppes and stopped here...thought we were there...I'm sure Giu. is good, but Arrivederci is the bomb. We will keep going on every visit. Reasonable and really, really authentic. Bueno Sera is your welcome..and they mean it! We loved it. . . reasonable, too. b
4	Our family had the wonderful opportunity to dine at this restaurant and I mean wonderful opportunity! Knowing Arizona restaurants consist mainly of corporate chains, individually owned restaurants are rare and not always the greatest.  The gentleman that served us I think was the owner he made sure we felt like we were the only customers in there without hovering. We had the  Lobster Ravs and the Pollo Mostarda Con Funghi, it was delicious! This family owned restaurant is excellent. Can't wait to eat there again. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is the chairs are not that comfortable but the food and service makes up for it.
3	I had high hopes after seeing the reviews.  Initially, I was very happy.  The waiter was a pro and mixed the perfect martini.  The bread arrived, which was four stars, served with olive oil containing garlic and petite diced tomatoes.  The Mozarella, tomato and basil salad was outstanding. Then came the disappointing entree: veal that was supposed to be served in a lemon, butter and caper sauce along side wild rice and roasted veggies.  The veal was wafer thin and literally swimming in an overpowering, greasy sauce; the veggies were ho-hum carrots, broccoli, etc. that were more steamed than roasted (and i suspect came from a bag); and the most unforgivable part was that the dish was served with acini di pepe, a bead-like pasta.  No wild rice was on the plate!  If you're going to make off-menu substitutions, at least have the good form to tell me that when I'm ordering.  Up to that point, I would have given Arrivederci five stars, but a one-star entree averages the experience to barely three.  Don't go here for the veal and certainly not the wild rice.
4	As soon as I walked into Arrivederci in Scottsdale, I felt welcomed.The cute, bustling Italian restaurant was cozy but elegant, with lots of chatter and linen-covered tables, and the staff at the door and servers were super-friendly. The spot is locally owned, with a second location in Ahwatukee, and my pal and I got a nice table in the corner of the restaurant to enjoy the homemade Italian food at.We both liked how there were wine racks dividing the main dining area from the bar area, and there were pretty paintings covering the walls, while the restaurant glowed in a soft yellow light. Our server was excellent and professional, and I'd say it's a great date place if you're in the area.We started with the Portobello Reganato con Fontina ($8.95), a mushroom topped with cheese. Our server said it was one of their most popular appetizers, and I can see why: it was plenty of food for two people to split and had a ton of cheese. The mushroom was really juicy and brought a healthier aspect to the dish, and I really enjoyed it.Our meals came with freshly baked bread, and I ordered Ravioli Caprese Gratinati ($14.95). It was a pretty traditional cheese ravioli, and nothing really stood out to me about the dish, though my companion really liked the fresh tomato sauce it was smothered in. The pasta was thick but a great consistency-there wasn't anything wrong with it, but I've just had more memorable meals.My guest got the Vitello Madeira con Porcini ($18.95), which was veal covered in a mushroom wine sauce and served with pasta. He said he would have preferred a cream sauce instead, which is totally available to you, but he really liked the veal.For dessert, we had the epic chocolate tiramisu the spot offered. It was a giant slab of my favorite dessert, and it tasted pretty heavenly. Definitely get it if you go here-I could have eaten the whole thing myself!My favorite part about dining at Arrivederci was definitely the atmosphere and the service. I love places that make you feel at home, and Arrivederci certainly does that with zero pretentiousness from the staff, and I also appreciated the casual elegance vibe the place had. Not to mention, I'm still dreaming of that dessert.
5	This place is AMAZING Mom & Pops place!  Dishes: Chicken Cordon Blue Al Gorganzola-my husband loved it. I thought it was a little overcooked. & Lobster Ravioli-Superb! Very tastey They also gave us an extra shot-Lemon Drops to drink for free :)  It's not very large inside. Nice touch with Ferrari outside!
4	We live right up the street from Arrivederci and while it is way too nice to eat there too often, it is a treat every time we do. The staff is great. Real old school nice service. Warning, like any good Italian restaurant ... They love to get you liquored up :) Luckily we can walk home from here and so we do indulge from time to time in a wine fest here. The food is great. All the sauces are fresh and homemade. The eggplant rollatini is delicious ... The gnocchi is the best I've had and you have to love the drinks. Great place to take a date or just pop in for a nice dinner on a Tuesday. You will be welcomed with a smile and always leave with one on your face. 4 out of 5. It really is closer to 4.5 out of five. Jason
4	Saw reviews and sounded good.  I ordered the Chicken parm. I highly suggest this dish.  Not oversized but just enough for me (but I'm not a big eater).  This is the first time I've ordered this so I have nothing to compare it to but it was delicious!  Lemon drop martini.... kinda bitter.. they use their homemade lemonciello or however you spell that.  Had very good service and that's a big thing to me.  The veal with creamy sauce and mushrooms is what my hubby got... very creamy and veal very thin... he was still hungry when he was done and he's not a big eater!  But he said it was very tastey.  My aunt had a fish special with black olives and capers - she said fish was done perfect but the dish was a bit salty (olives and capers might be why).  My uncle got some eggplant dish with a lot of cheese... was just okay... very cheesy.. so if you like cheese... go for it.  It was just a nice, local, italian place.  Not too fancy, very comfortable, reasonable size dishes.  I'd give them a shot.
3	A bit disappointed so writing after only one exploratory visit and a revisit for the one dish that deserved an encore.The Ossobucco was the major disappointment, A beautiful Presentation that lacked flavor and was past overcooked. One of my favorite dishes when prepared correctly, but they just missed - badly!On the plus side the Gnocchi were little pillows of wonderfulness! Reminded me on our neighborhood  "little Italian lady" who made it for me as a child over 60 years ago and was, until now, the very best I have ever had. This version was very close and was served with a wonderful four cheese white sauce (calorie free for certain!). The Caesar Salad was a decent rendition but nothing I have eaten here approached the Gnocchi, unfortunately.Worth the trip for the Gnocchi alone!
4	What a nice find right next to Scottsdale airport.  I am a faraway visitor who was playing golf nearby and went here wanting authentic Italian food.  No Bucca or Olive Garden here, thankfully.The service was excellent and attentive throughout dinner.  Both the veal and chicken parm dinners were very good.  The pasta was a bit overdone.  Salads were nice and fresh.  Prices were in line with one would expect to pay.  The menu has many dinner choices.  Although we didn't get dessert, it looked delicious.I will return here on my next visit to North Scottsdale.
5	This is our go-to place when we want to spoil ourselves.  The bread and pesto if phenomenal!  The lobster ravioli is divine.  And we love the lemoncello at the end with the yummy biscotti.  The wait staff is very attentive.  You WANT to go here!
3	This is a good Italian restaurant, but I'm going to have it bring it down from 4 stars to 3 after our most recent visit. The owner is incredibly friendly, but the hostess this past weekend was fairly rude to my wife.  She seemed very busy, so it could have been that, but since we don't encounter rudeness at Scottsdale restaurants too often, I thought it was important to note.Service is very quick, since they have a team wait on you.  One person brings the bread, another takes your order, and another fills up waters.  You may not see your actual server very often, but that allows you to focus on the food.The food, for the most part, is great.  Portions aren't too big, especially considering what you pay, but you likely won't be disappointed.  Just keep in mind the Calamari isn't fried, so if that's what you're expecting, steer clear.
4	Even though its right around the corner, this is the first time I've been here and I would definitely come back.I like the cozy bar in the front which had a city feel to it - reminded me of places in San Francisco.  The food was outstanding Tuscan style and they actually have Calamari that is steamed not fried.  I had the Chicken with mushrooms in a light broth and my dining companion had the Salmon, we both cleaned our plates. Very good service.
5	Absolutely delicious!!  The cesar salad was good & pasta dishes delicious.  The food was hot & the service was great!  Can't wait to go back again.
4	Very nice Italian restaurant.  It's a cozy little place - maybe less than 30 tables. We dined on a Tuesday night, and although there were only a handful of patrons in the place, it filled up fast and by the time we left, there were only a couple of tables left! On a Tuesday!! Go figure.The meal began with a nice, warm, fresh bread roll. OMG - so heavenly! Not sure what the herb was in the bread, but whatever it was, it gave just the right hint of flavor. The Veal Madeira was very tender , cooked perfectly, and the sauce flavorful. And the pesto dipping sauce was excellent. One of the evening specials was the other choice - lamb chops with risotto.  Six chops! They were cooked to perfection and delicious.  I'm not a big risotto fan so hesitate to weigh in on it. It was cheesy and I'm not sure it would pass the Gordon Ramsey test, but tasted fine.Our server was attentive; she checked in on us a couple of times to make sure everything was OK. The atmosphere is nice - faux painting deck the walls that give an old-world kind of charm. The lights were a bit bright - they could tone them down a bit to create a nicer atmosphere (maybe they do on weekends??). As we were waiting for the check, the bus boy came by to ask us if we wanted boxes. Too funny as there were only 2 noodles left from the veal dish!! Very good food and friendly staff; prompt service. Definitely will patronize this restaurant again.
4	My husband and I just dined at this restaurant for the first time.....EXCELLENT! Great food, great service, very pleasant atmosphere. We will be dining there again!
4	I took my family here on Sunday and must say I thoroughly enjoyed my meal.  The restaurant is relatively small with about twenty five to thirty five tables.  The clientele on a Sunday night is largely graying snowbirds with the exceptional family with kids. The restaurant feels more akin to Northern California than Scottsdale, Arizona - that is a complement! The meal began with ice water and fresh bread with pesto.  A great combination.  My son ordered the Caesar salad and minestrone soup and left nothing behind.  I had ordered the Fettuccine Alfredo con Funghi which was simply outstanding.  As a matter of fact, my wife and son ate most of my meal.  If you have the opportunity to visit this restaurant try this meal - you cannot go wrong.My wife ordered the Rondelle 4 Formaggi which is rolled pasta, tomato sauce and rolled pasta which is pan fried.  It appears to be a light weight meal, but is truly filling.  I would say the food is a five star, the service is somewhat lackluster.  Water refills were not timely, the salad took a while to make to the table and the service is so so.Worth trying........
5	We just came back from a wonderful evening at Arrivederci!!  We were looking for a non-hotel, local restaurant and we found the perfect place. The food was good, the wine was good and the service was excellent.  The owner and staff went well beyond what would normally be expected.  When we couldn't get a cab or car to come pick us up and take us back to our hotel, they drove us back.  Amazing!!  They were so lovely and we thoroughly enjoyed ending our evening with stories of their families and their passion for Italian cuisine.  No wonder their restaurant is a success!!
5	Great Italian food outstanding veal parmigiana... And it is Veal !!! Not Pork like some other places...Edy the maitr'e d is amazing portions are great. I truly recommend this place.
3	The food was good but the service was ok at best. I had the eggplant parmesan, which was delicious. I highly recommended it. But overall the service was okay. I am all for going to local places, but they need at least try and give good service.
4	This is a very nice place, but small. I had the stuffed eggplant and it was delicious. The spaghetti and meatballs were really good. I loved the meatballs. They were very juicy and tasty. I thought the rolls and pesto was really good. My wife never eats the rolls but she had two rolls for dinner and she really enjoyed the pesto. Since this was a small place, they only had two servers who were older and seemed like they have been working here for a long time. They knew the menu and gave pretty good service. I just didn't think they were that friendly. So good service and good food means I will be back again.
3	Better than I had expected.  Pleasant staff and delicious food at reasonable prices.
5	It is a great local place - we have been going to this restaurant for years - always great food, service and drinks... One always feels welcome; it is a great place for small parties and out go to place to take out of town visitors...
2	We dined at Arrivederci over the weekend and I wondered if it was the same restaurant I reviewed in December.We had reservations and the waiter that greeted us gave us the option of a couple tables - we selected one, and he said no, that was for four people (they why was that an option???) I didn't care to sit at the table for two next to a party of 8 + a baby, so he sat us at another table for four (so if this table for four is OK, why not the other one??)I was sooo looking forward to that nice, warm fresh herby bread roll...it came, but not so fresh or warm. meh. Not being overly famished, I ordered the cheese ravioli with arrabbiata (spicy) sauce. Flavorful, yes, but not spicy as described. The homemade ravioli were large and flavorful, though. The veal carciofi with lemon caper sauce was good, but not great - the sauce was not lemony at all; the veal was cooked to tender, but again, meh.(we had gone to Nick's a couple of weeks ago and had this dish & it was awesome) The place was busy - which I'm always happy to see in this economy. We have seen our waiter when we've been there on previous visits - he's not new to a busy night. He wasn't over friendly but did answer our questions, took our order, brought our drinks then went missing. Until of course, it was time to bring the bill.If this had been our first visit, it would be our last. Still, it may be a while before we return - there are many more locally-owned Italian restaurants that will be all to happy for the business.
4	They are friendly enough and service was good.  Bread was decent, pesto sauce was good but could have used either salt or parmesan.  Fusilli Bolognese was actually rotini, but good.  I really like the sauce.  It could have used a little parsley for freshness and color.  The cheese ravioli I'm not too big of a fan of, the sauce is watery and salty and it wasn't great?  But its not a dish I favor and my friend says that its not mushy like it typically is so it might be a good version.  Will definitely go back.
4	Tucked away just off the corner of Thunderbird and Scottsdale Rd, I've driven down Scottsdale Rd hundreds of times and have never seen it.  Thanks to Groupon, we found this joint.  There's a Ferarri Testarossa parked under a small canopy as you enter the restaurant....very retro/cool, was expecting to see Tom Selleck in the restaurant...LOL  Actually, it's pretty cool.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/arrivederci-scottsdale?select=XwbYXd3iwsRqfRCqoIk6iQ#XwbYXd3iwsRqfRCqoIk6iQThe place was packed when we arrived, good thing we had reservations via Open Table.  We were seated immediately and the hostess gave us our menus.  After browsing the menu for a while, we decided to order:Caprese Salad, $7.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/arrivederci-scottsdale?select=y_S90tz4lU_fgT_T95lddg#y_S90tz4lU_fgT_T95lddghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/arrivederci-scottsdale?select=a9fJ6UZMgXszy-WnM7PSHw#a9fJ6UZMgXszy-WnM7PSHwGnocchi w/Gorgonzola Cream Sauce, $14.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/arrivederci-scottsdale?select=oGN8sA5ntpHdRBq7StXhMQ#oGN8sA5ntpHdRBq7StXhMQRavioli Caprese Gratinati (filled with Ricotta Cheese, topped with Parmesan & Mozzarella), $14.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/arrivederci-scottsdale?select=ZkCB534PV_uxiPYIoK_UfA#ZkCB534PV_uxiPYIoK_UfAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/arrivederci-scottsdale?select=ES6PjDeRka7wgDOiBnKh5g#ES6PjDeRka7wgDOiBnKh5gChoccamisu, $7.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/arrivederci-scottsdale?select=dBvd4nd5-k_Rz7wuR1RIuw#dBvd4nd5-k_Rz7wuR1RIuwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/arrivederci-scottsdale?select=maK0iPmrp8DDWIbAxK-J-Q#maK0iPmrp8DDWIbAxK-J-QIt took a while to order our Wine and food.  They were busy and our waiter had his hands full, so the hostess came by our table and took our Wine order....that was a good thing, kept us distracted...LOL  While were waiting, a busser brought out some Bread and Oil for us...the Oil was a little different than most Italian joints...it had chunks of Tomato and green herbs & spices in it...almost like a Salsa (see pic below).  It was very good.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/arrivederci-scottsdale?select=pr4ZJ1w3FnvFdudt0TlzAQ#pr4ZJ1w3FnvFdudt0TlzAQWe ordered our food and after a short wait it came out.  The Caprese Salad appetizer was very good and perfect for 2 people to share.  The portion size was just right and we didn't get full before our entrees came out.A short time later, the entrees came out.  I sampled a little Gnocchi from The Better Half...it was very, very good...yum!  I had the Ravioli....they were cooked perfectly al dente...the Tomato Sauce was homemade with fresh ingredients and full of flavor.After dinner, we were surprised with a complimentary shot of Limoncello from our waiter.  He said it was to help cleanse the palate for Dessert...great!  He read our mind...we ordered a Chocamisu to split for Dessert.  It came out a short time later and was heavenly...soft, creamy, sweet just like it's supposed to be.Overall, we were very pleased with our visit to Arrivederci.  We can't wait to come back soon.Return Factor - 95%
5	I love Arrivederci. I feel conflicted every time I'm in this shopping outlet because it's packed with two great Italian restaurants, but Arrivederci has hands-down the best eggplant you can eat in Arizona. (I've been to a lot of Italian joints.)The service is always great, the food is always hot and delicious and the deserts are worth the guilt that come with them. Definitely check this spot out! Naomi Garnice gives it five stars.
2	I ended up here on my birthday and the bartender made a stellar impression on the phone.We called around 6-7 on a Saturday night and he said he would have a table waiting. I was thrilled to come in, and it was a nice atmosphere. They do well with the space they have. I was a little sad by the menu because they vegetarian options were limited. I ended up ordering the fettuccine alfredo with mushrooms. Typically I adore this dish, I can make it from scratch so I'm a bit picky about it. It came out with onions which was not on the menu. I despise onions with a passion. I had to wait for the waitress to come back so I could tell her, that was a good 5 minutes. When told she rushed off without a word, although I was still trying to ask her a question. It was really abrupt. She was generally nice most of the visit but I was still thrown off by the weird behavior. Apparently it was not supposed to come with onions anyway. The other gripe I have is that the sauce seemed watery and runny instead of the thick creamy sauce alfredo typically would be. The wine was very good, but again with the waitress I attempted to ask her about the wines and she did not seem at all knowledgeable while she dodged my questions. I'm not sure if we would make a return visit. Service and the confusing food issues just aren't up to par with surrounding places. My friends enjoyed their food though although were also baffled by our waitress.
4	They were out of bolognese, my first choice.  They were out of bread, which is a big no-no for an Italian restaurant.  However, the waiter was extremely well versed in everything on the menu and was very cognizant of the fact that it was a problem.  I think he went out of his way to give detailed explanations of  the other dishes, but I liked that.  His guest service was excellent and he did a perfect job of making us forget about the bread.  The food certainly helped.  We ordered the Rondelle 4 Formaggi which was excellent.  Waiter suggested a side of meatball to go along which complimented the dish well.  I can honestly say the meatballs were about the best I've ever had, and I've had a lot of damned meatballs.  We also ordered the Spaghetti Vongole, which had just the right mix of seafood and had an excellent flavor.  I will definitely be back, and I apologize to our waiter for forgetting his name.  Probably lack of carbs!
5	the bestthe owner eddie is wonderfulthe server ann marie is the bestthey give you a dessert for your birthday and sing to youthe food is wonderful.
5	It was such a welcoming restaurant. We loved the waiter, Giovanni. He was amazing.  We let him pick our entree. We enjoyed the halibut and the shrimp arbitta, a spicy Penne dish. The setting was very cozy. We were able to have a nice intimate dinner.  I highly recommend this restaurant!
5	I just had my daughter's baptism catered from Arrivederci and I can't say enough good things about it!  The food was excellent!  I served it to a group of Italians and they loved it!  I called a few days before the baptism and although they open late on Sunday, they opened early for to cook my food.  I ordered shrimp ravioli and chicken florentine.  Although the chicken florentine is not on their menu, they accommodated my request.  The food was delivered on time and was warm.  I gave them my budget and they worked with me to meet it.  We had so much food but little leftover because it was so delicious.  The owner called me the next day to ask how everything went.  That was a great personal touch.  I highly recommend for catering and dinner.
4	Not a great restaurant but good enough. We wanted Italian food and remembered a place we hadn't been to for a few years. It is well organized. A minute after we were seated ice water and bread were served. The bread had the look and feel of a small Rhodes bread loaf if the product still exists. It was very white and quite substantial. The dipping sauce was not memorable: olive oil (I think) and some vinegar (I think) and some mystery herbs. Everything was better from there.  We skipped appetizers, salad and soup. The salads looked good. My wife loved the gnocchi, my chicken, sausage and noodles were great. One friend loved the ravioli and the other the chicken breast. Food prices were fair. Desserts made up for other food prices: spumoni for $7.50 seems high and same for cheesecake. The wine was also expensive  $7 for house merlot is expensive though $7.50 for a glass of Sangiovese not so bad. Service was good until it got busy.  We got limoncello with the bill which always helps.  We wondered how we had forgotten this excellent restaurant. We will be back soon.
1	Did not enjoy my meal at all. Ordered the eggplant appetizer. First cut into it and oil flooded my plate. Could not get myself to eat it. The main courses were completely forgettable. The service was pretty bad too, had to wait forever until someone came and took my order for the second glass of wine. First time here, and probably the last time. Don't care too much about the bad service, but really bad  food, that is not acceptable.
5	From the customer service, to the drinks, to the food, this place is bar none the best Italian Restaurant in Scottsdale.  This quaint, family owned restaurant is Old School Italy with a romantic atmosphere and food to die for.  Recommended Beverage: Spicy Bloody Mary with Lemon Vodka.Recommended Food:  Ravioli and Spaghetti/Meatballs.
1	Went for lunch. Food tasted fine. Portions were small and WAY overpriced. Terrible service...servers were inattentive and indifferent, the manager bordered on rude. Will never return.
4	Had to travel on Christmas, it was nice they were open!  They had a minimized menu featuring select dishes for the holiday.  I started with the lobster bisque that had a delicious creamy broth, but the lobster were cheap langostino  lobster.  I also chose the gnocchi with Salmon.   This dish was exactly as I expected it to be, and I loved it.  They refilled our waters many times, and they had quite a number of staff available.  I do agree with other reviews in that the tables are very close and it is noisy. Very difficult to be intimate.  Overall, good dinner, nice staff, and it was great that they were one of the only place open on Christmas!!
4	We love this restaurant.  The staff is professional, friendly and efficient.  We have always had great service.  The food is really very, very good.  It is fresh, and prepared with pride.  The atmosphere is lively and can be a little noisy. It is not a large restaurant and so when full can feel a little tight, but it all adds to the fun.   We visit this place often and it has become a family favorite.  They have a great wine list!  We love this little restaurant and their staff.  Cliff and Cathi
4	4 1/2 starsDropped in without reservations.  It was early, 5:40.  Lucky for us, as it didn't take long to fill up.  First thing I noticed were the waiters.  Mature Professionals, with help staff.  Very impressive.  I felt as if I were in Europe.  Ambiance very nice.  Cozy, but not sufficating.  Italian decor, but no rubber grapes.  Very elegant.  Tables are quite small, and close.  No naughty conversation advised.  Wink.Pesto dipping oil for delicious rosemary rolls.  Caesar salads were good, nice tang. Meat lasagna excellent.  My veal scallopini, though wonderful flavor, was not as tender as I have had elsewhere.  It was not the cooking.  It was the cut.  It was thin, but hard to cut as connective tissue was stubborn.  Too bad, and thus the half star deduction.  Spumoni ice cream.....perfect.  While waiting for that, a complementary shot of limoncello.  We will be back, with friends.
5	My husband and I come here when we want a romantic dinner alone or to introduce friends to the wonderful flavors of Arrivederci. The owner is always there, and he shows great pride in his business and is ready to greet you warmly. The staff are all wonderful and very professional. The food is beyond delicious, small menu but it is all made with pride. Hand made ravioli and gnocchi, absolutely wonderful! The location is close to other Italian eateries and I have tried them all. Truly nothing comes close to the wonderful ambiance this place emanates.
5	Not sure what took us so long to eat here!  Delicious!  We started with the calamari, amazing, a healthier (non-breaded, non-fried) version.  Wait...I forgot to start with the yummy bread and homemade pesto!  We shared the Fruiti de Mare for dinner, not sure I'd ever order anything else.  Yummy!
5	We just enjoyed a delightful meal at Arrivederci.  The eggplant appetizer was delicious, as well as the arrugula salad.  My husband and I shared the entire meal, including the veal limone main course.  It was tender, nicely flavored, the vegetables were crispy tender and the rice very tasty.  We finished the meal with their homemade pistachio ice cream with belgian chocolate and it was just perfect.  They also gave us their homemade lemoncello as a final course.  The serving sizes were just right and enough for us to share everything and be able to enjoy several tasty dishes.  The service was excellent and the prices were right for the quality.
5	Great friendly service.  Menu is extensive and the food was superb.
5	Excellent find in Phoenix.  Had a large party of 6, their menu was very extensive, everything from pasta, veal, ossobuco, chicken, fish, etc.  had the eggplant roll ups, grilled eggplant stuffed with a trio of cheeses (ricotta, Parmesan, fontina), spinach topped with a rich marinara - yum!  Sis had the sea bass, encrusted with walnuts/breadcrumb crust, over a delicious mushroom risotto, huge portions.  Chicken Parmesan was moist, seasoned well over pasta with marinara sauce.  Great wine list and delicious red wine selection. Staff is very knowledgeable, friendly and on top of their service game.  We were wayyyyyy too full for desert, but their dessert list sounded awesome as well.
4	We were greeted by a charming host who escorted us to a cozy table.   Fresh baked rolls with a pesto oil dipping bowl was outstanding.We began our evening with delicious green salad followed by excellent calamari, veal with portobello  and chicken parmesan.  The evening was finished with some rich Italian ice creams and cappuccinos.
5	Wow. The lady brought me here for dinner and I am so glad she did. It's Friday night and this place is popping.I had to park in the parking lot next door. When we came in, the hostess asked if we had reservations - we didn't, but they had us seated in no time. We got seated and It was loud! Lots of happy folks talking and eating. That's a good sign!After a brief wait, they brought out delicious bread and pesto. It was yummy!For dinner, I had the meat and cheese lasagna. It was a treat. It had a somewhat of a light texture and was just delicious.The lady ordered rigatoni ala vodka with shrimp. I was jealous at first just by looking at it, but she was nice enough to trade halfway through. Lucky me - that was delicious as well!We finished off with the cheesecake. It wasn't the best I ever had, but it was good.So that was my experience. I hope this place is here forever, because I'd like to make it back a few times.
4	Very nice restaurant. Dodd, atmosphere and food was veryGood and affordable. Would go again if we wereIn town.
5	My wife and I celebrated our 25 anniversary! We wanted to celebrate at Arrivederci. I had the Halibat, It came with artichock on it. WOW! So good. The atmosphere was perfect for us too.Thanks you guys it was a night to remember!
5	Simply the best ambiance, food, and service. Eddie and Giovanni are in a class by themselves for professional, accomodating service. Another great meal last night.
1	They were too busy to take our take-out order! Too bad. But...I'm glad they're so busy they didn't miss us!
4	Busy, quaint place in North Scottsdale...make sure you have a reservation.  The yellow and white awning is very welcoming when you arrive and the atmosphere inside is kitschy, but cool too.  The staff was very friendly and really efficient with the crowds.  The food was great - I tried the tortellini soup and the rigatoni alla vodka.  Both were amazing, but just too much food for me.  Be prepared to take home leftovers for the next day.
5	So very happy to have found this restaurant. We have been looking for a wonderful restaurant where we can go for our special occasions and the long search is over! The food is outstanding! Haven't had such great Italian food since I lived in Rome. Ambiance is very nice. Service is excellent.   Great menu. Have never been disappointed with anything we have chosen. Only drawback is how loud it can get.  Overall still an A+.
5	Love the ambience and the food. The staff is consistently friendly and professional. Will continue to come here again and again and again and...
4	First time visiting this restaurant. Had the chicken parm and it was very good! Food quality and quantity were above average. The only complaint I have was the espresso was cold. Other than that it was tasty.
5	This 5 star review is my huge thank you to Arrivederci and its staff for allowing us to host a 50 person birthday party on a Sunday before their normal operating hours.  That example indicates how nice the staff is and it carries over to their excellent Italian food.Our party started off with 2 appetizers: the cheese au gratin covered Portabello mushrooms (unbelievably tasty!) and the caprese (excellent, but I focused on the mushrooms more).  We then moved onto a baby greens salad and finally our choice of either spaghetti and meatballs or lasagna. The meatballs were succulent, but I'll be damned if that wasn't the best lasagna I have ever had!The staff was professional, courteous and extremely helpful.  I look forward to returning to try out more from their main menu selections.  Thanks again, Arrivederci for hosting a great 40th birthday party for my cousin.  **Tip 1**Save time to snap a couple of pics next to the Ferrari Testarossa outside of the restaurant.**Tip 2**Look for that red Testarossa because the place is a little hard to find!
1	Sub par at best. As close as you can get to a chain, without the big name or consistency. My meal reminded me of "pasta anytime" and was not enjoyable. We went on many recommendations from our hotel and coworkers, and I've never felt so mislead. I'll take the blame though, I ate Italian in a desert.
5	Good old fashioned Italian family restaurant.
3	Average.  Been here numerous times over the years and the past couple of times have been so so.  Probably won't be back
4	We had the Amazon Local deal and opted for dinner with friends.  This is a little gem tucked away on the corner of Thunderbird and Scottsdale Rd.  We often drove by the place and noticed the Magnum PI Ferrari parked outside, so we finally decided to try it.The food was great orders included - Eggplant, Veal Parm, & Lasagna.   There were no complaints.  The place is a bit tight and there's a lot of locals there.  In traditional Italian fashion, they gave us all free shots of homemade Lemoncello.   Our theme remains the same  - PATRONIZE THE LOCAL GUYS!!!  This is a great local joint that will surely be added to our list of favorites.
5	The restaurant is newly renovated and it's beautiful. Staff is very friendly, and the food.... OMG! Bathia had the gnocchi was the best either of us have had. I had rolled eggplant parmigiana stuffed with ricotta and spinach. It was great. For my fellow Jews, our waiter told us most of their patrons are Jewish and per their request they are open Christmas Eve. It's not the traditional Chinese, but thinking about it.
1	We went there while we were in Scottsdale on vacation.  It had 4 stars on Yelp so we thought this would be a good Italian restaurant.  Unfortunately we were very disappointed.  We had a reservation and yet we were seated at a cramped table for 2 in a corner.  The waitress merely came to take our order.  We explained we had not been there before.  Instead of volunteering house specialties or explaining the menu she smiled still waiting for us to order.  It took several questions to determine a recommendation.I ordered the recommended veal and my wife ordered the recommended eggplant Parmesan.  Surprisingly nothing came with the food.  The pasta on my plate was disappointing and bland.  The veal itself was paper thin and rather tasteless and tough.  The eggplant parmesan was good according to my wife but nothing special.For a 4 star restaurant we expected better tasting food and far better service.When it came time to pay, the waitress brought the bill and then disappeared for over twenty minutes.  Given how small the restaurant is, this was no easy feat and yet she buzzed by various tables purposely not looking our way.The waitress seemed to be more outgoing with other tables, just not us.  It seemed pretty obvious this restaurant plays favorites and for some reason they did not take a shining to us from the very beginning.  Just so you know we are a normal looking couple who were dressed in dockers and polo shirts with no piercings or tattoos.
4	Very good food.  Large party in their private room with a door that closes to create the ultimate party experience.  Great service, amazing food.  Celebrated my Mom's 80th birthday.  Very special evening.  Food was delicious.
4	Yum.Bread, calamari, veal with mushrooms...Great service, complimentary lemoncillo.Yum.Can you tell this was good? :)Food arrived quickly, I couldn't eat everything and I have a big appetite!
5	Delicious calamari, bread, Eggplant rollatini!  Would definitely dine again, best Italian place so far that we have found in this area.  Great authentic service.  Thank you:)
4	Great little spot that we would not have found on our own but friends recommended it.  Hearty greetings when we arrived and were seated.  It was nice and quiet and we could talk and be heard without difficulties.The Melenzana Arrivederci - a rolled stuffed eggplant parmigiana was unusual and delicious served with a pasta side. Our table also had the Vitello Limone with artichoke hearts and capers with very fresh vegetable side and a wild rice side - very good.  The salmon with honey mustard had the same sides and was tasty. We would all recommend this spot and we will certainly return
5	It has been almost 18 months since I was in Italy but I felt like I was there tonight!  As soon as you walk in you are greeted by a family of Italians, some with great mustaches by the way! I love that the place is somewhat small and quaint as it makes the servers easily accessible even when busy.  The food is absolutely amazing!  My wife had the eggplant Parmesan which was delightful.  I had the veal with wild mushrooms and pasta, so flavorful it was with the perfect amount of gravy!  Definitely will be back!
4	We were skeptical about this restaurant because it was easy to get reservation the day before and we were using a Groupon.  Well we were pleasantly surprised.  It is an authentic Italian restaurant with many Italian staff members.  My husband had a dish with sausage and peppers and said it had great flavor and just enough spice.  I had pork loin in a gorgonzola cheese sauce with gnocchi.   The flavor was nice but it looked terribly bland; all white on the plate.  A little dusting on the dish of some color would be appropriate.  Our one criticism is that the water was served in a plastic tumbler.  Seriously?  This is a white table cloth restaurant with nice wine glasses and fairly high end menu.   The water also tasted awful like it had not been filtered.  All and all a good experience but the water glasses need to go and get a filter people.
4	Very friendly waitress, excellent bread excellent  choccimisu for dessert. The veal parmigiana for lunch was rather small and thin and could not cut it with a fork, had to use knife and fork for every bite. Did i mention it was thin yes very thin. Side of pasta tasted OK. Grilled warm sliced mushroom salad was fine. I really was hoping for large portions like other reviewers said to take some home for lunch but it was not the case today.
1	Our whole experience was terrible. We waited 15 minutes for the hostess to seat us and we had a reservation. We ordered right away and waited 40 minutes for the food to arrive. The waitress came over once and said they were down a cook and they were very busy. She never said they were sorry.  I had the rigatoni with vodka sauce. The sauce was  runny and had no flavor. My husbands food was partially burnt. The waitress never asked how the food was, even when she clearly saw how little we had eaten. It was disappointing and we will never return.
1	Omigosh! We had reservations and they have COMPLETELY ignored us. Even let another group ahead of us. The hostess is rude and condescending. I will never come here again nor would I recommend this place to anyone.  We are still standing here 45 minutes after we should have been seated!
1	The customer was absolutely terrible, the front of the house was poor and the server gave us truly bad customer service 1/10. Mary was our server. It was like pulling teeth to ask for chicken cutlets for our 3 yr old Son, and they charged us $7 for 3 of the tiniest chicken cutlets (it was really one cutlet split into smaller pieces) with no side for him. The beef carpaccio was awful. The beef was over cured, it was like eating salami, and they drenched the arugula with dressing. Worst carpaccio I have ever had.Even The pesto for the bread was awfulThe main entrees were ok, we had the eggplant rolled with ricotta and the parradella pasta with sausage. Not bad, but my entree was $21 and the quality of the food did not merit that.Terrible dining experience, definitely will not go back
