5	First time shooting at this range, very good customer service. They answered all the that we have asked. The range is really quiet and the temperture is really "cool", Unlike some of these ranges out here in Vegas. I love that they offer the FREE ultrasonic cleaning for hand guns, but they could also fit my GSG-522 in there as well. We brought some .22lr, 12ga and a S&W 500 to shoot today. All handling well. Will be back to this range very soon.
5	Nice and very clean range.  Very nice that they supply you with electronic ear protection.  Relax and take a break between your shooting sessions and grab and drink and relax.  Check in on Yelp and get $5 off for your range fee
5	Went to check this place out yesterday! The staff was awesome and the range was really clean and well set up. The price may be higher than some other ranges, but the price includes all day shooting as well as targets, snacks sodas and a relaxing lounge area, show me another range that offers all of that for 20 bucks. The beauty is it is very quite and you don't have a ton of tourists like you do at the ranges by the strip. I used to go to American Shooters but I will be going here for now on!
5	Very nice range.  Pay once and shoot all day.  Free gun cleaning at end.  Small lounge area with free soda fountain, and popcorn.  Ranges are good size and two paper targets are provided with the fee.  I actually had an issue with my pistol and the range officer checked out my gun and fixed the problem.  I hope it does not get so popular that it is gets crowded.
5	Great place to go shooting!! Staff is great, never get that "commando" attitude. The shooting range is lighted very well and kept cool during the summer heat. Every time I have been here someone is keeping the floors free of loose brass and debris, that's important to a klutz like me! Included in the range fee (20 bucks) are two paper targets and they also sonic clean all of your guns when you are done shooting. While your guns are getting a bath you can even snack on complimentary treats and sodas! I believe the range time is good all day as long as you have your receipt, so you can leave and come back later if you feel that urge to shoot up more bad guys on paper!!
5	Green valley range is our new favorite place to shoot.  The lanes are nice and they keep it cool, which is great in the summer.  The range officers are very willing to help out but leave you alone if you don't need them.  Included in the range fee are 2 targets, sodas and snacks, and gun cleaning, which is a nice bonus.  We have been twice already and will be back again soon.
5	This is a great place to shoot. I have been here several times and have observed the staff to be helpful and friendly. After shooting they will clean the guns for free. I have children and they shoot for free, and are always welcome. NO PRESSURE. Also the clientele seem to be locals. (Not the loud and touristy type) Free drink and popcorn with a small lounge area. I have used other ranges in the area, but this is located in Henderson and I don't have to drive across town. In my opinion, if you live in this area it's a no-brainer to use their facilities.
5	Stopped in a few days ago so I knew where it was and Chris and Isaac were very helpful.  Went shooting last night and everyone there was very knowledgeable and helpful.  Josh was extremely helpful when my gun jammed a couple of times.  Very very very helpful and all about SAFETY.  I appreciate everyone there and the free cleaning with the range time.  Ladies Night is Thursday night.  The thing I liked is that even though I am a female they didn't make me feel stupid when I asked a question.  The only thing I didn't like was that the shooting stall walls didn't go to the ceiling and other peoples shell casings were coming over the wall and hit me in the head and distracted me and a few burned my arm but that's not their fault I will just choose my location differently next time.   Wish they were open a little later for those of us who work Monday - Friday...........  So overall Fantastic!   Thanks to the Team at Green Valley Range for making my friend and I feel so welcome.
5	Ladies Range Day on Thursdays! $10 for range fee for ladies. :) Joshua was great.  He really helped with my aim.  I went with a couple of gal pals.  I am practicing so I can get my CCW.
5	My favorite gun range.. Friendly staff, clean store and good prices.. Favorite things are free soda pop, pop corn, sonic dip cleaning and its not a tourist trap either..
5	Awesome range! Great staff, very helpful guys . Check in on yelp get 5 bucks off! Ammo's still tough to find but they have some. Check it out you won't be disappointed ! Lounge area and they clean your handguns after you're ready to take off.
5	My fiance and I went to this range today. He's shot all his life, I've never even held a gun. When we got there, Josh and Kim spent time explaining the different kinds of guns they had and what would be best for us. Josh was our instructor and couldn't of been more helpful. He was so patient with me, walking me thru each step over and over, allowing me to get comfortable with the gun and how it operates. He never got frustrated or made me feel like I was wasting his time. It was such an amazing experience and we had such a wonderful time. The staff and the facility is amazing. We will definitely be back.
5	GReat new range in Henderson! Staff were helpful and very friendly. Range is nicely ventilated an well lit. The range masters seemed nice, not much interaction with them.  I highly highly recommend bringing your own ammo.  The ammo they sell is ridiculously overpriced! ~$1 for a single 223. CRAZY!!! Other than that, this range is close to home so ill definitely be back here again.
4	Went in there just to check it out and the staff was phenomenal.   They answered our questions and we felt very welcome there.   Will be back this weekend.
5	It was my 1st time going to a gun range. It was a great experience. The people there were nice. The range looked good and kept up nice.
5	Best range I have ever seen. And I've seen many ranges in Vegas and California. Staff is super friendly, facility is really clean, amenities are great! If you can afford the membership, you get a separate side with amazing "guy's playroom" - video games, cinema style chairs to watch TV, drinks, snacks, treadmill to run on then go show to test your accuracy with your adrenaline going. Overall, that's the place to go if you live in town! And when visiting!
5	Once you try out this range I dont think you'll want to use the other ones in the area. This place is really nice and has a more upscale feel. We encountered the most helpful, knowledgeable and friendly staff. They really made us feel welcomed. It's fairly inexpensive. For $20 you get unlimited time for the entire day in the range and it also includes:-Safety glasses and electronic ear protection. It filters out the live fires but you can still clearly hear voices next to you. So take advantage and use the ones they provide you.-2 paper targets-They clean your guns for you after you use them. (except ones with laser sights)-Also complementary popcorn and soda in their lounge area  while you wait for your guns to be cleaned.You can rent guns and buy ammo there. Both Mr B and I brought our own, so Im not too sure how much they charge. There's a Sig I want to practice with next time and I was told it was $10 to rent. The range itself is well ventilated so the smoke is cleared out faster. Lighting bright enough to see your targets. They are quick to clear out the brass casings off the floor. The range officer present was also helpful too. While my pistol was not in use, he noticed my laser sights were still on and pointed it out, save me on battery wear..thanks!You can also fire shotguns ..just no steel core or steel shot (..saving those for zombies anyways right?) more on gun range specs ( http://greenvalleyrange.com/the-range/)Green Valley Range is local and off the strip, but if you don't live in Henderson still easy access off 215 near Auto Show Mall. Being it's off the strip, the client base I saw was mainly locals. None of the touristy types yahoos. (sorry but they can be annoying) You don't have to deal with long lines or wait time to use the range. It's very family friendly. All different skill levels from newbies like me to more experienced shooters like Mr. B.And like I said customer service here is exemplary. Not once did I felt intimidated (like at other ranges I've been to)  Im a newbie and everyone was so welcoming, helpful and patient especially the Asst. Manager/Instructor Kim took time out to offer some suggestions and help me with my grip and lining up my sight. She rocks! I felt a lot more confident after having her help me.  I am going to the Ladies Night event that she holds on the 2nd Thursdays of each month. They also have CCW, safety, and instructional courses here as well ( http://greenvalleyrange.com/events/) Definitely making more visits here. We will be signing up for a membership! That's how much I like this place!BTW Thursdays are Ladies Night  ..it's $10 for the day! Also check in on your Yelp app! $5 off...so it cost us $20 for the both of us! That's if you BYOA (Bring Your Own Ammo)
3	Unfortunately during the times when business is booming owners tend to forget customer satisfaction and service. And the gun business is the epitome of this type of abrasive personality because of its massive popularity, hence the term gun range commando is born. It is unfortunate mostly due to the fact that this is a nice range with great amenities but after sending close to 10 of my most avid shooting comrades there I had a bad customer service experience that will deter me and my friends from using this range again. On my third visit to GVR I opted to use the complimentary gun bath that is part of the "perks" of using this range. And being a sheet metal manufacturer, we use and build ultrasonic gun cleaners commercially  for our stamping tooling so I am quite knowledgeable in this field. As a sales pitch these machine claim to clean your guns without taking them apart and this may be the case if you are in a hurry but common sense says if you take you gun apart and put in into an ultra sonic bath it will definitely clean you gun better. And even if it didn't if the customer opts to clean his gun more thoroughly he should have that option especially since my first visit we put the entire gun into the bath and it came out like a soapy sponge with all sorts of build up inside the weapon. Being a gun enthusiast and a professional in the gun industry that was unacceptable. I kindly asked the abrasive owner if I could please clean my gun while it was apart he immediately  refused again and went with the manufacturer claim that this machine will clean you gun while its together. I explained to him that I build and use ultrasonic cleaner professionally and from my past experience there with the build up and he rudely denied my request. I told him I have not only been a fan of your organization but I have sent many people to his range and he said in an empty gun range with nobody in the lobby that if he did that for me he has to do it for everyone. In my world everyone is your customer, and if you are offering a service you should offer the right way or the right way which is the customers way. Not only are we customer we are the word of mouth that will help your business grow. It is unfortunate but my wife and I both knowing how these machines work looked at each other as we were kindly given the cue to leave the facility because of a request to clean a weapon the proper way... Unfortunate because we really liked this place...
5	This place is great. Very clean and the staff is so friendly.  They have free soda and a waiting room television.  There was a range instructor helping a family and I was impressed with how patient he was.
5	Great experience at Green Valley Range.  Very friendly folks and our instructor was very professional and helpful.  Highly recommend.
5	Visited this range for the first time and was very impressed with the staff and facility. They were very friendly there and went out of their way to make sure we had whatever we needed. They have guns in different sizes and calibers for you to shoot if you don't have your own and will also clean your gun with each lane rental. There is also a lounge area to relax in when you're done. They offer Ladies Night Shooting on 2nd Thursday of the month and CCW classes.
5	Super nice counter personnel and RSOs. Kids 15 & under are free with adult. Nice noise-canceling hearing protection and safety glasses included with range time. Ultrasonic gun cleaning included with $20 range fee. Will be back!
5	So, I am writing an update because I continue to be soooo impressed with this place.  Today I went and used the yelp check-in deal but they weren't quite sure how to use it.  No big deal, even at full price this place is worth it.  When I was done I got my guns cleaned they did a great job.  Kim apologized for the mistake with yelp and MORE than made up for it.  If you live in Vegas and you haven't been able to check this place out yet be sure that you do.
5	Came out to Henderson this last weekend, November 29th - December 1st 2013, with a group of friends. The guys (and gals) at Green Valley made our weekend top notch. Josh with his instruction on an MP 5 (my first time shooting an automatic weapon), Kim and Jessica helping with ammo, getting us checked in, and our guns cleaned (they've got this really cool sonic cleaning setup that worked really well on my Glock 17 gen3). The entire experience was much better than any range I've been to. I will definitely be coming out here again, stopping by when I'm in town and I highly recommend you do the same.
5	In Vegas for a work conference and my colleague and I decided to go shoot some rounds through a few different pistols.  My usual range experience at other locations is pretty bland...show up, get targets, get ammo, go in, shoot, pay leave.Whether we were lucky or the stars aligned we had the BEST experience here.  James spent quite a bit of time checking our skill levels and teaching us some new skills.  You could tell he was passionate and wanted you to be safe yet have fun.  Steve came in later to give James a break and again showed the passion and interest in helping out that I wish every range had for their customers.  I came out of there with more skills to practice and more learning than expected.  Again not sure this is the norm, but I hope so.   Definitely recommend the place.  Nice little lounge to relax in, employees were all really nice and helpful.  Just need them to move to my hometown.  My passion to shoot my arms has been renewed thanks to Green Valley Range!
5	This is the best of the best ....... A range with a professional staff, super pricing and amenities. The club side offers fantastic classes, a great group of regulars that show up week after week.....a super place for locals to keep up and learn new skills.
5	As you can see from all the reviews, there is a general consensus here... This range is doing it right!  New facility, free targets, soda, popcorn in the lounge while your gun is getting sonic cleaned?  Why do you do it GVR?  And above all the staff is excellent, that alone trumps all the other ranges!  GVR has raised the bar that other ranges will try to achieve and I doubt they will...(most are stuck in the old ways/days)  The sonic cleaning is worth the admission alone!   Great job GVR, keep it up!  Also, ask about the VIP range and clubhouse next door!
4	The staff was very helpful and friendly from the moment we entered the front door. We brought all of our own guns and ammo, glad we did, as their ammo prices are pretty high. We used the check-in offer for two of us, which helped bring the bill down at least a few dollars.Entering the range, I was a tad disappointed their range only went to 15 yards. This was doubly disappointing, as I had a rifle with me. The RSOs were easy to deal with and helped my wife and mother in law with a couple small issues they were having with accuracy. We had two lanes, so it was nice having a little extra help keeping things fun for them.We spent a couple hours in the range, punching holes in paper non-stop. After we wrapped up shooting, we enjoyed some refreshments from the fountain and popcorn. A couple of my family's handguns received the complimentary sonic cleaning service. They came out looking pretty clean, without breaking them down, I can't be 100% certain how clean the internals are though.If we are just going to shoot shorter distances with handguns, could see going back.
5	The instructor that I had (JOSH) was amazing!! He is truly the best. I never had so much fun and now I actually look forward to going back. JOSH IS AWESOME!!! JOSH IS AWESOME!!! JOSH IS AWESOME!!!
4	We took our 11 years old daughter here for the first time two weeks ago and she LOVED IT!!!  We were so impress with how MIKE was so tentative, patient and AWESOME with her.  He made her first visit at an indoor shooting range an unforgettable experience.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars because the lanes were so close to each other that you periodically got blasted with emty shell from persons next to you.  Likewise, we loved everything about it!
5	Went to GVR with my Dad while he was in town and it is a GREAT place.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  I have health issues that make standing for long times difficult so they brought in a chair for me to sit on while my Dad was shooting.I will be going back very soon!
2	I like this range! Sherri, who checked me in was very nice and friendly. I would come back more often if they weren't so expensive for the daily rate. Their membership and club rates are really way too pricey as well. I wish Green Valley had an indoor range where you could go and shoot without paying an arm and a leg.
5	Great place to shoot and have a good time. Everyone their is very friendly a knowledgable. I'm getting into firearms and they didn't make you feel stupid when you asked a question.
5	Our RSO was awesome very helpful and knowledgeable.  Didn't make me feel ridiculous or dumb.  Would definitely go back again.
2	the staff here is very friendly, that is the only reason i am not giving a one star rating.so i went down and used this range a few weeks ago, the facility is nice. i was the only one using the range at the time. a range officer went onto the range with me for safety, nothing wrong with that. after my range session was over the R.O. was nice enough to give me a tour, and tell me about all of the different memberships that are available. that was the good. now the bad. i reload my own ammunition, one of  the biggest costs in doing so is buying new brass. if you reload it is very much worth while to recover your spent shell cases, as most re-loaders do. you will also keep track of how many times your cases have been fired. this is very impotent as cases will become weak after so many loading's. so after running through a magazine i will stop, place my gun on the table, and pick up my spent cases before i go back to shooting. i have been doing this since i started reloading in 2005. i have done this at many different ranges over the years with no issues what so ever. at GVR however when i start picking up my spent brass (never crossing the firing line, or going into a lane other then my own) the R.O. tells me "normally you can't pick up your brass, but since you are the only one here i will let you" i am a bit puzzled by this, the only thing i am thinking is "hey thanks for letting my pick up MY brass that I have paid for AND STILL BELONGS TO ME" but i didn't say anything other then "ok" so about two weeks ago i sent an e-mail to GVR in the contact us section on their website asking them about the brass pick up policy. i have yet to get a reply to my question, but i am somehow now on their mailing list, as i get info on classes they have coming up even though i never signed up to be on any mailing list.so that brings me to today. i decide to go in and talk to them about memberships, and the brass pick up issue. i ask what the deal is with picking up brass? and i am told "well we can't have people bending over in there" ok fair enough. i ask if i can bring in a broom and dust pan, (exactly what the R.O.s use when they pick up spent cases) or a brass fetcher? both of those will let you pick up spent cases without bending over. i am told "no we would not let you bring those onto the range" the person i am talking to then goes on to tell me "look we don't want to keep your brass, and sometimes (yes he said sometimes) you can get cases back, but they wont be the ones you left" i tell him why that won't work, because i would be getting back cases that i don't know the history of. i have no way to know how many times they have been fired. not to mention the cost, and Q.C. i have into MY cases. he says "i get it i, reload too, i know what you are saying, and i agree with you, but that's the way the owner wants it" so what green valley range is doing, is if i shoot there, they are trying to force me to accept cases that may in fact be a DANGER to load again (no one knows the history remember) and force me to leave MY property that i still own. all the while not ever giving me a reason why i can't collect my own cases with any of the above mentioned tools to do so safely. now again i have been collecting my spent cases for going on ten years now, at many ranges, not only locally but in other states, and i have NEVER had one single issue at any of them. i really want to like this place as i live less then five minutes away. the only thing that was keeping me from getting a membership is this issue. between this and the e-mail that was ignored i am done trying on this place.
5	Went for the first time today,  I think this place is the bomb.  Great price,  great range,  and free targets,  and free drinks.  I will definitely be returning.  The also sell ammo that I can't find anywhere else.
5	Green Valley Range is amazing, I found my new locals hot spot. All my out of town friends thought it was great. Kim and the crew made my party awesomeand I will be back soon.  If you want to have a great time and not blow up your budget Green Valley Range is the place for you.  Thanks again guys you were AWESOME!!!!
5	We were visiting Vegas and happened to find Green Valley range by mistake, I'm glad we did!! Amazing customer service! The range master was so nice and helpful especially with my wife. I thought the price was great, $30 for the two of us for all day usage! Next time I visit I will definitely go back!
5	Excellent staff. Very helpful when you need them. Gave my pistol and nice ultrasonic clean which is same as Manuel cleaning except you need to open your gun up and dry the remaining residue
5	My wife and I went today and had a blast!!! The range is very clean and its not overrun withtourists wanting to shoot machine guns. We liked it so much we became members and now enjoy the monthly defense classes and the club range with no waiting. We also get access to the club room upstairs which is great for events.  Great weekend activity with the wife.
5	I went there for the first time yesterday to try out a couple guns that I wanted to try since I was in the market for my first handgun. The RO was really nice and informative and taught me how to shoot the proper way. I then decided I also needed to try an MP5 which was probably the best decision I made because it was super fun! I plan on definitely going back and getting a membership. thanks again guys!
5	This place is great. The staff was friendly and place was clean. James, our instructor, was GREAT!!!, very helpful and thorough. I imagine that all of the other instructors would be the same!  My husband and I had a great time. We will be back. Keep up the good work and awesome customer service.
4	I really like this place. I purchased a Groupon a few months ago that included a few range passes.  I was debating on cancelling the purchase because this range is not close to where I live. I'm glad that I didn't cancel the Groupon.  The range has some nice perks such as free popcorn, soft drinks, targets, and gun cleaning.  The staff, is very nice including James the RSO.  There are 2 ranges, one in the front that is quite small but there is one in the back they open up when they get busy.  I've never had to wait longer than 5 minutes to get a range.  The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is that I've been there when they were not busy once and I needed a bit of help field stripping my firearm and I was not shown how to do so. Every other range that I've gone to will have staff assist you in taking your gun apart If you need assistance.  However, I will return to this range because of the environment and that they don't nickel and dime by charging you for all the little things such as drinks and targets.Thank you!.
5	Extremely friendly and helpful staff, clean and well ventilated range, well lit, good selection of firearms to rent, and decently priced, what more do you want!I'm from Los Angeles and have been to a couple indoor shooting ranges there and this place absolutely blows the L.A. ranges out of the water. Like comparing a Best Western to the Bellagio, no comparison. I was in Vegas for a week with my sister and her boyfriend and they had never shot a gun before so I decided to take them out to go shooting. Found this place through a quick google search, called them up to a make a reservation and a couple hours later we arrived to Green Valley Range. Right from the start we were greeted by a group of friendly staff members who were ready to answer any questions we had and make suggestions on what guns to rent. They helped us put together a package deal  and we ended up renting an M16 (w/ 2 mags of .223/5.56), a glock 19, Sig P226, and a 1911 (such a sexy gun!) plus 50 rounds of 9mm and 50 rounds of .45 ACP.After we paid,  we grabbed a few targets and made our way into the range. We were accompanied by one of the staff members who helped my sister and her boyfriend get acquainted with how to hold the guns, get the correct stance to fire and how to line up the sights. Unfortunately, I forgot what her name was (short haired woman) but she was extremely knowledgeable, friendly and funny and made the experience that much sweeter and I'd give 5 stars just for her help and guidance. I would definitely recommend this place for anyone in the Vegas area who wants to get their shooting urges satisfied, I'll 100% be back next time I'm in Vegas. Now only if they could open up a gun range like this down in L.A...
4	Great facility, decent prices, helpful staff.I took my fiance here with a friend to do some shooting and for the price it was definitely worth it!We want to return and do the machine gun next time we're in town, this is the best range I have ever been to.
5	This is one of the best places to shoot for newcomers to range shooting; the ROs are great and the lounge is comfortable with FREE refreshments with a day pass.GVR has a small but interesting inventory of accessories for sale.During my first visit, I was given a tour of the facilities by their Assistant Manager, Kim Smith and was significantly impressed to the point that I am considering joining their club: larger lounge area, work out area (so that you can practice shooting under physical stress) and other members only amenities.The ROs are near by but never intrusive and one even gave me some shooting tips!Oh: and the facilities are clean and well maintained......and speaking of clean: GVR will ultrasonically clean one gun FREE with a day pass: AMAZING!There is a lot of value in a day pass at GVR so I highly recommend them.One last thing: GVR has "GVR TV" dedicated to videographing events and "Guns of the Month" reviews that I find helpful and informative...
1	This is the last time I will shoot here. One of the male workers at site approached me while I was shooting and was very rude and unprofessional with the comments and his tone of voice towards me. There was a couple of other workers behind the glass that was shinning a flashlight and laser at another shooter in the range. I spoke to a female manager or supervisor that was even more unprofessional when I mentioned both of the issues and she did nothing about the other workers and I quote she said, "oh well". She should be fired by how she handled the situation. I WILL NEVER RETURN. The staff employees that work there should work in a cemetery where they have no contact with living humans.Once again very unprofessional.
5	Great experience with James welcoming us! Charles was the most patient and encouraging instructor! Would definitely do again! Thanks guys!
5	What can I say this place is just awesome. Very clean and professional staff. I brought my wife there to shoot for her first time and Dave the range officer was just amazing with her. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
5	JOSH was the best most patient dude ever!  I'm buying a gun and taking my CCW Sunday and he was the bomb!!!
5	I walked in a month ago to take a beginners class frightened and unsure.  After my fourth time visiting this establishment, I am confident and look forward to my next visit.  Staff is friendly and extremely knowledgable.  My RO, James is fantabulous! He is a passionate teacher.  James caters to your abilities while making it relevant and fun!  James cares about the experience you have. He will even load your magazine! Who needs an automatic loader?Facilities are clean and air quality on the range is excellent.  Try this place! It will not dissapoint!
5	This place had the most excellent service from entrance to shooting. We were helped by the kindest staff, especially James, who was so patient, knowledgeable, and friendly in assisting us in the range. This place is clean, well kept, and very welcoming. We got a great deal from them on Groupon, but I will return here regardless. Thank you all so much!
4	This is the perfect range for anyone interested in learning how to handle a weapon in a safe environment. The staff is patient, knowledgeable and incredibly thorough when teaching anyone how to handle a gun. Their awesome facilities, diverse gun selection and reasonable prices make this my range of choice in Las Vegas. Make sure to ask about their yearly memberships which allows you access to their exclusive gun range.By the way, they have free popcorn, premium coffee and soda!!!
5	Went for the machine gun experience on our recent trip to Las Vegas. Had such a great experience we went back a couple days later. Jason helped us decide what we wanted to shoot, instructed our teenage sons on shooting and made the experience a real blast. Very friendly and nice clean, modern facility.
5	Green Valley Range is THE best range I've had the pleasure of visiting.They not located IN Vegas but that's probably why they can have a more relaxed and inviting atmosphere than the ranges in all the billboards.Staff - Very friendly, positive, patient, and extremely helpful with any questions or concerns we had.  Unlike a lot of gun stores I've visited Green Valley is NOT stocked with anti-social, Obama-hating, tea-baggers.  These guys (sorry, I forgot their names) were quite accommodating to my friends who were new to shooting and to me who was a bit more experienced.  They handled our Groupon deal and all logistics with great care and got us all the models we wanted (some models, which were full auto needed to be sourced from the store next-door but that didn't add much complication to the process).Facilities - Very clean, organized, and comfortable.  They have a tv lounge with drinks and snacks as well if you ever find yourself waitingFirearms - We rented a wide variety of models in order to get the best experience with models we either had no experience with, didn't own, or didn't plan to ever touch again since we live in the police state of California ;)  They have a good selection and good communication I'll go off on a slight tangent and list/review the guns too:F&N FN9 - as good as a Glock, very accurate and easy to shootGlock 17 - like my G35 but regular barrel length, super easy to shoot and the gold standard of handgunsH&K MP5SD - definitely recommend this!  The factory, integrally-suppressed, full-auto MP5 submachine gun was one of the quietest most controllable guns I've shot!M16 SBR - full auto, short-barrelled, probably the most violent, thunderous and exciting gun I've shot.  A great way to get your blood pumping and throw $ down range.  Not for the faint of heart!  Gives you a new respect for our armed forces! (even though they probably only use semi-auto / 3-shot burst models these days)If you're ever in Las Vegas/Henderson I HIGHLY recommend Green Valley.  They make the shooting experience easy, safe, undaunting, and fun for any skill level!
