3	I have noticed other yelpers complaining that this is not a traditional tapas restaurant, but it does not claim to be.  There is nothing traditonal about this place.  There are a few traditional tapas on the menu, but the purpose to have an original dining experience, step back in time, chill with our fave icons and share small portions of somewhat avant garde dishes.  I wanted to rate this restaurant higher because I really enjoyed the experience, but the food is not the greatest.The restaurant is long and narrow with stylish retro red barstools lining the bar the full length of the restaurant.  Tables are small and fit in well with the decor which inculdes life-sized portraits of icons such as Marilyn Monroe and Clint Eastwood.My favorite tapa was the fish fry.  The fish was tender and flavorful and served in a unique way.  What a concept...making the Friday fish fry into a fun and tastey tapa.  My least favorite was the flat bread...just a few chopped items.  Some menu items were inspired by our icons, such as the carmelized bananas with peanut ice cream for Elvis.  The chocolate moose was delicious.  They have a creative drink menu which are themed after the icons with names from films or famous quotes.  I drank a "Rebel without a Cause".  This drink was a refreshing blend of citrus vodka muddled with a generous amount of basil and mint.Prices are reasonable.  I will likely return on one of my visits to Madison.  This is a fun place to go with a group before heading to bars near the capitol.
1	The menu reads well (not classic tapas, I agree) and the presentation is good  but the execution and flavors are lacking.  With the anchovies appetizer, we only tasted mayonnaise; with the ahi tuna tartare, only tasted olive brine; with the jamon flatbread, microwaved cheese.  The service was excellent but I am sorry to say, we ordered the right quantity of food to fill us but it did not taste like anything going down.
4	I think my real rating would be more like a 3.5, but since I can't do that, I'll err toward the better side.Our server, lemme say, was GREAT - funny, nice, very available, very helpful in menu recommendations/wine selection/reminding us of upcoming specials, etc. I'm pretty sure his name was Travis, but I won't make any promises.  Anyway - he was very friendly & definitely a pro.The menu was extensive - there would definitely be something for even the pickiest of eaters.  I'm not a tapas expert, my boyfriend wouldn't call himself an "expert" but he knows a lot more than me, and he seemed to think the menu was great, too.I'm not big on seafood (with the exception being, of course, fish fry - I AM from Wisconsin after all! :D), so we had the short ribs that our server recommended, the chicken croquettes, the goat cheese, the artichoke & fennel salad, and then we had the chorizo flatbread.  I couldn't resist dessert, I ordered the pear tart & the truffle cake.MOST of the food we got was excellent, the only complaints I have are 1) in regards to the desserts.  The ice cream on one tasted freezer burned to me, which was a total buzzkill, and the other one, the tart seemed kind of frozen, ((but the cake & the tart were soooo good that it ALMOST made up for it.)) and 2) the portions were super small for what they were charging.  We've eaten tapas in Boston & paid less for bigger portions, which is surprising, because Boston's usually a pretty expensive city.  BUT the food was great :DThey also have $15 bottles of wine on Wednesday nights, which we were happy to take advantage of :D.  We decided later that it's a pretty good gimmick - cuz for the two of us we spent over $70 on dinner, way more than we usually would have for a non-special occasion - so if you can get people in by lowering the wine price, so be it!  We left happy.The decor in there is spectacular, although there's not a lot of space.  I was kind of disappointed that on a Wednesday night we had a table seated right next to us and we were elbow to elbow and practically sharing conversations with one another the whole time.  But it's not like there was anywhere else to put them, the place was relatively full for a Wednesday.  Space on State St. is at a premium, so I'm not surprised that the place is pretty small, and you've gotta serve as many people as possible in order to pay that rent, so I don't begrudge them that.  The moral of the story is, I'd definitely go back for drinks, dessert, appetizers, but I don't know if I'd go back for dinner, just because of the cost/portion size thing.
4	Who doesn't like trying many dishes instead of one entree.  Cool retro atmosphere.  Space is small on inside, so have to agree with other reviews that conversation can be a little difficult.  There is small outdoor seating area during warmer months that is always fun.  Who doesn't like people watching while eating good food.  The wine selection is good.  If you order sangria, plan on a taxi or public transit, cause volume is more than the average joe should consume.  The menu is not overwhelming, but i have only sampled the tapas and desserts.  I tend to stick with the hot tapas.  The beef empanada, short ribs and goat cheese are a must.  You have to ask for extra bread with the goat cheese but is an extra cost.The wait staff is always friendly and are very knowledgeable.  I have been here multiple times, decent place to stop and have a drink also.  The price is a little expensive, but overall a great experience.  If it wasn't located on state st., probably would only be a three star, but location always makes the difference.  Enjoy.
3	Went here with a friend recently on a Saturday night.  As a big lover of tapas, I was very excited to see The Icon appear on State Street this fall.  The wine list was superb...and the "half-priced bottles" special on Wednesdays would, alone, certainly bring me back for a second visit.  (Try the Trapiche Estate Pinot Noir from Argentina - delish! Especially on a cold winter's night.)  The food, however, was a bit of a disappointment.  To me, tapas should be a small portion, yes...yet, they are meant to shared with others.  The Icon kitchen must think differently.  For example, the beef empanada is just that - "a" beef empanada, a "small" beef empanada.  While most of the portions were small...there was inconsistency.  For example, the goat cheese tapa (an all-time favorite of mine) and the flatbreads were large enough to share with several others, but everything else just created awkward splitting.  Also, the tables are sooooo close together - close enough to flick your neighbor's forehead.  On yet another sour note, the raspberry on our pear tart was covered in mold.  The waitress stated she was appauled but did nothing to show it, as in she just let it sit at our table, allowing us to continue to stare at it.  However, things ended on the positive, as she allowed us to take our second, unfinished bottle of wine home. Again, kudos to the wine, boohiss to the food! :)
4	I can honestly say I am only giving the Icon four stars due to its location, in Madison.  The food is a nice change from the typical wings, beer, and burger places you find in the area.  Food is pretty good, but I'd agree on some of the other comments regarding portions and cost.  One dish may be enough for four or five people, while another may barely suitable for two.  Just something to consider before coming here.  My wife and I will be coming back.
4	I would prefer that the Icon call itself a restaurant of small plates, because it strays from the traditional Spanish dishes, but besides that, this place was pretty tasty and the portions were good enough to feel satisfied afterwards. The dishes are reasonably priced and the ambiance is, dare I say "fancy," and on a super hot day in Madison, the amazing air-conditioning made me give the Icon it's 4th star.
1	My husband, 2 friends and I dined at The Icon on July 4th. It was not a busy evening in the restaurant so you'd think you'd receive 4 star service...not a chance with Mackenzie, our self-important and pretentious waitress. She actually asked my friend to move his mussel shells from the bowl to a plate and then she would clear his plate. I'm sorry, but I know I don't pay to work during my meal! The food was mediocre at best. I ordered the curry chicken salad and a few other unimpressive selections. The curry chicken salad was swimming in mayo, at least a half cup or more. It was the most disgusting chicken salad I've ever had. I commented to our waitress that the amount of mayo was unbelievable and that I was very disappointed in the dish and she just said "that's how it's made," no offer to take it off the bill or to replace it with a different selection. The sad thing is that the dish was less than $7 and that should've been a no-brainer for them, unless they are that strapped for cash. All in all, I'd take your business to another establishment where the food is better and the servers actually want to kindly assist you.
4	As a student, I highly recommend Wednesday nights--a wide selection of $15 bottles of wine, and all the ones I've tried have been good.  Wednesday is apparently also "little black dress night," with free glasses of wine for women in black dresses, but I think you have to sit at the bar to get the special.In general the tapas are good; some of them are really entree-sized, like the flatbread pizzas.  I had a zucchini one that was not bad, a little bland, which seems to be an issue with some of their dishes.  I recommend the cheese plate.The service is generally okay, although I've definitely had some servers who were better than others.
3	Icon is a fine resturant but in the wrong town. I don't think that the location really benefits the fine tapas that they have here. The food I've had here has just been stellar, although be prepared to pay a hefty amount for it. The wait staff has always been extremely friendly and knowledgable in the way that high quality places expect their staff to know every ingredient in their dishes. This is that kind of place. All of that said, I've only been on the 15 dollar wine bottle night. Try the maximo, great wine there for the 15 dollar price tag. You should certainly come here and try it, but perhaps have a snack beforehand so you don't bust the bank.
4	I've been to Icon a couple of times now and I don't really have anything bad to say.  The service was fabulous, the staff was super knowledgeable, and the food was great.  The baked goat cheese is amazing, and I also love the jamon wrapped shrimp and skirt steak.  I probably had several martinis but kept coming back to the Strangers in the Dark.  So SO good.  It's great to go with a larger group because everyone can order their own tapa but then pass it around the table to share.  At the end, we ordered one of every dessert and didn't regret it for a second.  The decor and atmosphere is so cool and chic and I love a place with a simple yet elegant theme.  Yeah it's sort of pricey but I would say well worth it.  I can't wait for another reason to go back!
4	I've had a blast both times I've been here. Obviously the point is to share, but as long as you don't go in expecting traditional tapas or to not spend $20-30 per person you'll have plenty to eat and in good variety. The goat cheese....something or other...is a must-get for us. The cheese plate had all of the garnishes I enjoy.
3	I went to The Icon last night with 5 of my girlfriends. We didn't think seating would be a problem since it never looks crowded. However, when we got there it was kind of crowded and they assured us we would be seated in 30-45 minutes. We didn't mind so we had some drinks at the bar. Travis, Jeff and Justin were great. They were very accommodating and friendly. We had a lot of fun at the bar until we started getting hungry. We then realized we had been waiting an hour for a table. While we were STILL waiting, we ordered the cheese plate and two bottles of wine. It was pretty good. When we were finally seated, we ordered the mussels, calamari, surf and turf, petite filet, cheese flat bread and the crab cake. They brought over the chicken skewers, too, which was really nice. The mussels were OK. I first tried the one on top which didn't have a lot of sauce which kind of turned me off, but when I did get one with sauce it was decent. The calamari was good and had a nice kick. It was my first time trying crab cake which was delicious. The surf and turf, petit filet and cheese flat bread were pretty good, too.All in all our experience was good minus the waiting. It was impossible for our table server, Kim, to live up to the standards set by Travis, Justin and Jeff. I wouldn't mind going back and if we didn't have to wait 2 hours for a table I would have given it a 4.
4	This somewhat non-traditional tapas bar is perhaps our favorite place for a glass of wine (or a bottle) and some light dishes after a concert or a play, as long as we don't have to wait to get in.On our most recent visit, we shared a bottle of Malbec and four plates: baked goat cheese, cured Spanish meats, a crab cake, and the beef carpaccio. Each are excellent in their own way, and I can particularly recommend all of them.  We always seem to order three of them -- goat cheese, crab cake, carpaccio -- whenever we visit, and then round out the order with whatever strikes us at the time.The service is always excellent, no matter the time of day or how busy they are. The wine list is decent and the cocktails are well-made.The only real downside (besides an increasingly light wallet) is that when it gets busy, the waits get very long and there's no good place for those waiting to stand, other than around the single door (and in the winter, not having a double door can get a bit chilly if you're sitting near the front of the house). We won't wait to get a table or a seat at the bar, but that's just because there are many other great bars and restaurants in downtown Madison.
5	Eating at the Icon felt like being a judge on Iron Chef. Not only is the food here excellent; it's also presented to you in a manner that's almost artistic in its execution. I could go through play-by-play and describe how well each dish was made, but I think it suffices to say that I ordered a bunch of food and almost every dish had some of the best food I've ever eaten. I paired dinner with a $10 pitcher of sangria on special that night, which was delicious and too big to finish. Highly recommended for an affordable yet fancy dinner date.
5	HUGE fan. I tried The Icon yesterday for the first time, and was thrilled at ALL elements, quality of food, preparation, menu creativity, decor, service, drinks... everything was exceptional, and on a slow Sunday evening just before they were closing too. Upscale decor makes for a romantic venue for two, but also a fun venue for hipsters. I can highly recommend the seafood croquettes, the fried calamari, the beef empanada and the stuffed mushrooms. All were generous portions for the price. Our server was class on a stick, she knew the menu well and had great suggestions for drinks without ever being pushy or pretentious. I will be back for CERTAIN.
4	We ordered 5 dishes, a good bottle of wine, for about $100. So a tad pricey but very delicious. Comparable to tapas I've had in San Francisco.
5	I had passed by Icon several times with the intent of visiting before actually having the opportunity too.  The first was on Halloween night.  As slightly-older-than-college-age persons, my friend and I picked here to rest our feet a bit and have a drink.  Best decision ever.  We had the apple sangria and I had the stuffed mushrooms and dessert.  Simply amazing.  We dubbed it our go-to place for nicer nights out.I've been there numerous times now, and among all companions, have probably sampled 90% of the menu.  All have been amazing, both in taste and presentation.  I admit I have not tried a drink other than the apple sangria.  Normally, I change things up.  But I dream about it.  Therefore I order it.If you are the type of person who enjoys good food, good drinks, and good atmosphere, try it out.  You won't be disappointed.  If you are hung up on labels (this is not traditional tapas, which they don't claim to be anyway), just try to clear your mind of that and focus on what really matters at a restaurant.  Again, you won't be disappointed.
3	we weren't expecting much of this place but i was pleasantly surprised.(i really really don't understand how the decor ties in with tapas. but i realize the name of the restaurant reflects this? in spite of this, the ambiance felt classy and intimate.)all the tapas we tried (vegetable-only) were tasty and delicious. i definitely recommend the patatas bravas.
5	Was in Madison for a conference and discovered this wonderful restaurant. It was so good my friend and I ate there two nights in a row! Food is delicious and service is terrific! I'm coming back next year for the same conference and look forward to dining here again
2	I'm being nice with the 2 stars. This is STRICTLY for the Sangria. It taste just like they make it in Spain! I really thought this place would be great w/ the reviews and all, however, me and the bf left extremely disappointed. As a matter if fact, we left hungry :( The order: Scallops $12, two small piece for the cost, and they were spoiled! The smell of the is still lingering in my nostrils. I can't even describe the odor with out being graphic about unwashed female parts. Gross. Patas Bravas- these were meh. Tasted more like baked potatoes dipped in Hooters wing sauce. A bit like dry fries that were sitting under the warming lamp for a bit. Rack of lamb?! I HARDLY call it that for 13$. Do NOT waste your money. It was more like one piece of very, VERY bland lamb. Did you ever hear of seasoning?! Supposedly, they have a "chef" um, I'm doubting that very much... I do believe that untrained cooks could have done better. You can see for yourself, however, save yourself the $100, spoiled scallops, and a stomach ache. Good idea, bad execution, and even worse food. The ONLY plus is the Sangria. I was also nice about the scallops AFTER we paid the bill I let our server know, and you guessed it..our server had nothing to say. I guess I don't blame him for the lack of care in his service seeing as it was a slow Wednesday night. I will not go back & the bf will not recommend the Icon it to his UW coworkers. Sorry Icon. Not at all Iconic in our book. Now that I think about it-it should be one star. I can not emphasize how much you should just skip this place and grab a sandwich and a coffee next door as we did following our so called dinner.
5	Nom nom nom. Delicious cocktails and lovely food. Our group had some misses (the Tres Zetas soup could have doubled as a salt lick), but everything I had was a home run. - the An Affair to Remember martini (chocolate raspberry) - no alcohol tang, but not too sweet- Gentlemen Prefer Blondes cocktail (strawberry & champagne concoction) - light and perfectly bubbly- Stuffed Flatbread - perfect crust, layered, complex flavor- Triple Chocolate Mousse - airy, a nice dark flavor, nicely complemented by fresh fruitOur server was friendly and attentive, the decor is bold, and the foreign & classic films playing silently usually provide something interesting to look at. Though a bit on the pricey side, it's a great place to hit up on a date or with a group for an evening a little more on the formal side.
5	So, some dishes that you absolutely must try...Patatas Bravas: Potato wedges that have somehow been infused with the pure essence of bacon. Likely fried with bacon fat, which gives it a unique flavor you won't find anywhere else. Served with an incredible tomato-based sauce that would make Mr. Heinz cry himself to sleep with feelings of inferiority.Baked Goat Cheese: A classic that has been thoroughly Americanized, with great results. You get a big pile of soft, melty goat cheese in the middle of a plate of sweet and simple tomato sauce. Comes with light and fluffy garlic bread for dipping, making the whole thing a kind of "deconstructed pizza" with very high-quality ingredients.Gazpacho/Cream of Tomato: Both are frequently offered as the soup of the day, and both are unbelievably good. As you're probably starting to notice, The Icon is really good with tomatoes. Steak/Lamb: The chef is a master at cooking red meat. Every time I order a dish like this, I get a juicy piece of meat that you can cut like butter. When you slice it open you will tear up and swear you have witnessed a new color - that unmistakable red/pink sear of perfection. The steak comes sitting on a bed of potatoes mashed to a consistency where it's almost a puree, but with little lumps of soft, melt-in-your-mouth chunks.And anything with Manchego Cheese, such as the above mashed potatoes. I can only describe it as butter-flavored cheese. It transcends the boundaries between dairy products and adds this indescribable texture and flavor to everything it touches.And some dishes to watch out for...Tres Zetas: This soup is extremely bitter, flavored with nothing but a variety of mushrooms (and that includes the black broth the mushrooms came soaked in). Thus, my Russian girlfriend loved it. But for someone like me, who didn't grow up eating every kind of mushroom in the country, my palette just isn't prepared for it. It's an adventurous choice, and that comes with an inherent risk.Spanish Tortilla: Tried this a couple times and it's hit-or-miss. It's a bunch of vegetables pressed together in a "quiche," served with flatbread and an aioli that never fail to impress. But the quiche-thing itself seems to take some skill to make right. I got this overcooked once and it tasted like paper.
4	Let's start with the fact that I've only ever been here after 11:30pm for their $5 martinis.Of their $5 drinks, I like the strawberries+champagne and the champagne. A lot of the chocolate drinks are just a little too sweet for me. Last time I went, some of my friends ordered food from the tapas menu. They got the zucchini fries, the stuffed pepper and a beef empanada. They looked good enough that I'd like to come back and actually try dinner sometime.I also feel the need to write about the bathrooms. They're very nice. This is a huge plus in my mind. Also, they are single bathrooms, which means that when the ladies' room is taken, I can just go in the men's. Make sure the door is locked though, or it can be really awkward!Service: Waiters have always been good about checking in to see if we need more drinks, but otherwise they leave us alone (which is totally acceptable).Environment: It's always been quite empty whenever I've gone. Though I hear it can be packed. It feels like it's trying really hard to be trendy, with a very minimal, red, black and white decor. They play old movies on the TVs
4	This is the best wine/tapas bar in Madison ... Everything is really good here, with the exception of their sangria .. I have been to authentic Spanish places with good sangria .. theirs was extremely catered to the masses, think koolaid with alcohol and fruit.. I love their fritata dish, the goat cheese and marinara and I LOVVVVE their desserts, avoid this place when there are shows across the street it gets busy..
3	Would give it three and a half stars, but I'll err on the side of caution.I've been to The Icon twice.  The atmosphere is nice but only as long as you're lucky enough to not have anyone seated next to you-- the tables are ridiculously close together.Food is hit and miss.  The cold tapas have been better than the hot tapas on the whole.  Definitely avoid the chicken croquettes.  Service has also been spotty.  Tonight the waitress kept throwing more plates on the table before we had a chance to get even halfway through.  You think she would have taken a clue when I said "Oh... O'kaaaaaay..." when she tried to jam a third plate onto our table.  Guess not.The real problem with this restaurant is value.  It's not that any given menu item is necessarily overpriced, but both times I've been to The Icon I've felt like the overall experience and the check don't quite match up
1	Called and made a reservation for a birthday party, gave them my credit card info to hold the spots, and they called back a few minutes later saying they couldn't accommodate such a large group.  Very unprofessional, and unaware.  My 23 friends and I won't be visiting the restaurant if they can't even figure out reservations.
3	the reviewer that called icon's menu "fusion tapas" hit it on the head.pros:- reasonable prices- nice portions on each plate (split b/t 3 people)- able to get in reservation day of- friendly staff- perfectly cooked squid (bravo)- amazing shortrib- potatas brava - must havecons:- the decor... i'd much rather be transported to spain (vs. hollywood) when eating tapas in madison, wi- the aioli - overkill and oftentimes, too much olive oil- not a fantastic wine selection (regionally)- claustrophobic seating and walking, especially when the bar crowd fills out to standing room only- the lack of non-traditional "lighter fare" tapasoverall - a fun night out for less than a hundred bucks with decent food
4	I really wanted to give this restaurant 5 stars however I was disappointed that they did not host an Oscars Watching party.  If you pay attention to the decor, you would understand why.  As for the food, the Tapas are excellent.  I recommend the patatas brava and for dessert the Tres Leches cake. Hope I am not shooting myself in the foot as I am a big fan of their desert.  Drink specials are also great!
4	I realize this is a tapas bar, but were some of the dishes at a "regular portion size"--I have a feeling this place would be easily one of the most crowded restaurants in town. But it's not, and that's fine--because the more people that are in there, the less of a chance I can come in and get some of the best food I've had in Madison thus far.The dishes we had the other night include:Patatas Bravas: as many have mentioned, this is probably one of the best dishes on their menu. Potato wedges that have the taste as one of my cohorts described as "barbeque Lay's potato chips" but without the guilty feeling of needing to be eating a potato chip. The aioli that comes with it is superb and I wish I could get it just to have for sandwiches or something else at my own leisure. A little greasy, but that's what makes them SO good.Grilled Lamb: Potatoes and lamb with a Jack Daniel's glaze that is absolutely to die for? What's not to love about this? The chef really can cook red meat astoundingly well as Yelper S.M. notes. The lamb I got was a little chewy because it was so fatty, but it was also one of the most flavorful lambs I've ever had. At ~$12.95ish, it's a little much for such a small sampling, but if you try it, you'll understand that it's actually incredible and worth it.Baked Goat Cheese: I love goat cheese and I love being able to dip bread into this wonderful dish with the cheese and marinara sauce-combination. However, a complaint: they only give you 6 slices of bread (it IS a tapas place), so if you get it and share with others, you'll probably need to refill up on bread. Which, our waitress was kind enough to do for us, but not kind enough to tell us we'd be charged for it.Bay Scallops and Shrimp: My significant other loved this dish, as he's a huge fan of scallops. It's got a really nice sauce with a little kick to it. Duck Confit: I have a deep, dirty, and dark confession: I hate duck. It's greasy, it tastes awful compared to other birds, and really--it's hard to do well. I've had it at a lot of places with no success. However, unlike other places in Madison--the chef here doesn't make the duck greasy. Instead, ours was a little dry. But it had figs, so I can forgive. If you use figs in anything, you've automatically won my heart--seeing as I have the spirit of an 80 year old with a love affair with Fig Newtons.Tres Leches: Oh, Frida's, step down. There is only one Tres Leches in this town worth having and from now on, I will never have reason to visit you. The Icon does a perfect Tres Leches. Perfect. I crave this. I could write a 15 page essay on why this is SO fantastic.That said, I'd definitely love to come back. However, there are reasons why some might hesitate in coming back/coming here:- The aforementioned additional fees with restocking bread for goat cheese dish. I'm not knocking that they're charging, but letting us know of the additional fee would have been really nice.- The place is cramped and crowded as hell, at times. Like, a little claustrophobic. But I never noticed it was too loud and it does feel very comfortable.- Our service was very slow. Granted, we had to wait 15 minutes for our other half of the party to arrive, but after they got here, it was another 15 minutes before we were even noticed again and approached for dishes. After that, it was about 20 minutes either way. I understand it might have been busy, but there were two groups aside from us there that got their food and left before we had even gotten our second dishes.- The portion sizes are small. This is a tapas bar, not a full-fledged meal. I don't have a problem with this, personally, but some might and I figure it's worth warning about.I love this place, kitschy, Hollywood-theme and all and I'd definitely like to come back.
4	Swanky place, good atmosphere & food, right in the heart of Madison's cultural center. A great place to meet friends for food & drinks, even catch the game @ the bar.
4	I went here on a Thursday night, we had reservations but it actually wasn't necessary, which I guess is pretty surprising.I'll start off with the bad - They charge you $25 per each person who doesn't show up on your reservation...I'm pretty sure that a one person difference wouldn't change your table size, so it seems a little ridiculous.I like the decor - they have a classy 1950's lounge feel going on, everything is very clean and simple - but I felt like you could be wearing any type of clothing and fit in fine, which is good for a State Street restaurant, because you often go to them on a whim.Our service was good - but again, this might have been because the restaurant wasn't busy on the night we went, I've heard iffy things about the service and the packed tables when they are busy.The menu is substantive, there were multiple options for everyone in our party which included both vegetarians and kosher eaters. We ordered three or four dishes at a time, which allowed us to gauge where we were at in our hunger levels.The best part about going on a Thursday night was that they had 1/2 price sangria pitchers (with tapas purchase). There were about five different flavors of sangria (included were straight red or white sangria), which I had never experienced, so that was fun - I liked the raspberry a lot! I enjoyed everything I had on the menu: the crab cakes were great considering they were served in Madison, WI; the Espinaca Artichoke Dip was plentiful, and they were quick to give us additional crostinis when we ran out; the Patatas Bravas were flavorful and addicting - potatoes are a great thing to try new flavor combinations with; I particularly loved the Stuffed Flatbread with spinach, mushroom, monterey jack and goat cheese, served with sherry tomato sauce and finished with garlic parsley oil - that in particular was a very large portion; the Spanish Tortilla  was the most mediocre of the plates we had, but there was really nothing I could complain about.Even with an automatic 18% gratuity, our party of seven paid less than $20.00 each for our meal and drinks, which we were very impressed by, I had expected paying much more - particularly because our other main tapas restaurant in Madison (Eno Vino) can run you dry.
4	Great bar with a very classy feel. Won't find an immature crowd here. Intimate feel with great martinis and cocktails. Also a few good tap beers.  Employees are knowledgeable and have a neat appearance with black shirts and red ties. There is also a good variety of music that's not so loud that you can't have a good conversation. Capitol Bar-esque feel but on state street.
3	This is a pretty good option for State St. The sangria is tasty--and half price on Thursdays! Happily for us, we wandered in on a Thursday. The sangria was a little sweet for my taste, but still okay. The service was quite good and very well paced. The server helped us order the right amount of food and was very good about bringing new plates, etc. when asked. We ordered plenty of food for 4 people, some vegetarians, some not, and a pitcher of sangria, and the bill was quite reasonable. I gave it three stars because I've been to some really terrific tapas bars, and this was good, but not great. Still, it's a nice choice for downtown, and the noise level isn't so insane that you can't have a conversation.
4	This is my third visit to Icon.  This time I was by myself so sat at the bar and had a dinner of tapas and wine - lots of choices by the glass.  The Spanish Albarino was great, the Argentinian Sauv Blanc not so.  Many choices of well made tapas with some creativity.  Try the white anchovies with almond pesto.  There are two TV screens discreetly showing old movies (without sound) so watched an old "singing cowboy" western from 1936 while dining.  Very fun.  Friendly, smart staff.
2	I ate here the other night while craving tapas, and thought the place had delightful potential with its classic film theme. It was okay. Not particularly bad, just nothing particularly redeeming that would make me go back. I also may be spoiled and used to variety of dishes on a Chicago tapas menus, but was quite surprised and disappointed when they didn't even have paella. My husband and I both thought the lamb meatballs were good, and enjoyed the tomato bread but agreed the dish would have been better if the bread were toasted. The gazpacho was over blended and not very good, we only ate a few bites of it before giving up on the dish.The mussels were very neatly plated, and okay, maybe a bit salty, but with virtually no broth for dipping! That's my favorite part of steamed mussels. The not particularly good food was also echoed in the drinks. My husband had a Manhattan (relabeled an Ocean's 11) that he said "had too much vermouth."
2	I am spanish and was looking for a good tapas bar to remember the taste of home. Unfortunately, I found the icon a bit underwhelming. I was not expecting to walk right into a restaurant in the middle of Madrid and fully understand that some ingredients are hard/impossible to get, however, I was expecting more from this place. I like the style but found it to be quite uncomfortable for a party larger than two. Will probably give it another try at some point.
4	Excellent food.  Baked goat cheese was great, could have used more bread though.  Also had the chicken skewer and mussels.  The mussels were a unique prep and one of the best I'be ever had!
1	The food is fussy and over complicated, which wouldn't be so terrible if it was actually good.  But, the food is actually quite average.  What's the point of having 1,000 different ingredients in a super complicated dish and then stacking it in a an intricate presentation when the food tastes like crap?Service is horrible with rude wait staff.  I had to ask for water 3 times and I was given nasty glances for doing so!  Tables are jammed next to each other, which made for a physically uncomfortable dining experience and also made the place really loud!JUST DON'T GO!
5	Was in Madison for a wedding which did not have alcohol being served (not even a cash bar) so after the wedding we wanted to find a nice place to grab a few drinks. We found a lot of bars along state street but they were all mostly grungy. We were looking for something upscale (we were all dressed up so wanted to go to a classy joint with some top-shelf liquor). Luckily we spotted the Icon on the walk back (we had completely missed it on the first walk down State street). It looked quite trendy from the outside so we decided to check it out and we were so happy we did. The decor was very chic and classy, the crowd too was a little dressy and upscale so we fit right in. The bartenders were extremely attentive and prompt (a rarity in most bars) as well as extremely helpful (I wanted directions to a place and the bartender took me right out of the bar onto the street to explain the directions). They had a very good selection of wines both by the bottle and by the glass. I am a single-malt scotch drinker and they had the real absolute top-shelf stuff so needless to say I was thrilled. I had a laphroaig 10 followed by a lagavulin 16 followed by a Macallan 18 ... just perfect. I really wanted to go for the Macallan 25 next (which BTW I have rarely seen being served at a bar) but I didn't want to turn a night-cap into a nite-binge ;-) ... and more importantly the price on that drink was $95. :-)Must say, this one was a great find during our trip to Madison. I would certainly go back there if I happen to visit Madison again.
4	It was our first night in Madison, and I wasn't overly hungry, so this is exactly the kind of place we were looking for.  Everything we ordered was straight-up phenomenal, but first, I want to rave about the service, because it was excellent.  Although we ordered 2 dishes at a time, they were delivered one by one, which was perfect - more than one dish would have been crowded for the tiny 2-seat table.  Pacing of the dishes and drinks?  Perfect.  I have some dietary restrictions that always leave me asking a lot of questions and making special requests;  the server was helpful, friendly, never made me feel like I was putting her out, and brought me plain bread when I needed to have some.But now, the food.We started with the anchovies, which were fantastic;  as my partner pointed out, they're difficult to do well, but these were done VERY well.  The description on the menu doesn't remotely do them justice.  Savory, salty deliciousness, with a touch of creamy garlic aioli.Next:  piquillo peppers, stuffed with a colorful mix of roasted vegetables, and served on a bed of Israeli couscous salad.  Not only was it very tasty, but it was substantial enough to have served as a light lunch on its own, at a mere $6.Third: serrano-wrapped sea scallops, with an orange pineapple vinaigrette.  I am not a scallop-lover;  I often find them rubbery.  These were perfectly-cooked and absolutely superb.Fourth:  No way were we NOT trying the grilled lamb, and it was every bit as fantastic as previous reviewers have said.  Cooked perfectly rare, garnished with a port reduction - wonderful.  I couldn't eat the accompanying manchego potato gratin, but I was told that it was decadent.Everything else sounded so good that we undoubtedly would have eaten more if we possibly could have.  Cocktails and wine selection were also fantastic.  The prices are a bargain, for the quality of food, compared to what we're used to in Boston.  The decor and ambiance is quirky, not elegant, and it is a bit crowded, even when the place isn't full.  But we thought it was a fun, funky place to grab a bite (or four!), and we loved it!
3	New to Madison, this is one place I kept passing by and wanted to check out. Went on a Friday night around 7:30pm when the wait for a table at other restaurants around the capital was extremely long. There was no wait at The Icon. Is that a good sign, or a bad sign? Had some red sangria, which was good but a little on the sweet side for my taste. Ordered the cheese plate, which had a great smoked sheep milk cheese. They had a special flatbread that night with duck confit, which was amazing! Also had the stuffed mushrooms, which we alright but nothing to write home about. I'll return to The Icon to try out some other dishes. I heard the papas are good. They also have late night drink specials and they had some tasty-sounding cocktails on the menu!
5	We were extremely impressed by our experience here.  I'm shocked that there were any bad or even neutral reviews of The Icon, because we loved it.  We started with the crab cake, which was the best I've ever had (and I love crab cakes, so I've had a lot of them.)  We had the grilled lamb, which was extremely tender, perfectly seasoned, and incredible.  Even the fried calamari, which I never like, was delicious - melt in your mouth batter, tender seafood, and just the right level of spice.  I was blown away by it, it was that delicious.  We finished with the stuffed flatbread, which was more like a long stuffed soft pretzel.  It was one of the tastiest things I've ever had - slightly crisp on the outside, soft on the inside, and stuffed with goat cheese and spinach/mushroom/onion.  The whole thing (and it was a decent amount of food) was sitting on a bed of some terrific marinara sauce.  We devoured it and loved every bite.  Bottom line: great service, romantic ambiance, and the best food I've had in a while.  I highly recommend this easily overlooked restaurant.
3	This place was recommended by my coworker to try out. The place was trendy looking, the tapas was pretty good. I wish they had some kind of rice dish or garlic potato salad that I'm use to see in Chicago. since were in Wisconsin. I like braised short rib and stuff flat bread.
2	Meh. I was thoroughly un-wowed by my experience at The Icon. My friends and I went on a Friday night and were surprised that it wasn't too busy even at 7:30pm. However, it took longer than it should have to be greeted by the waiter. I sometimes think there is a correlation between restaurants being not busy and servers slacking off, and that rang true in this instance. The tapas were mostly forgettable, including the cheese plate that our server raved about. The one thing I do remember what the "stuffed flatbread" that was basically a steaming log of overly-seasoned garlic bread filled with veggies and plated over marinara. It felt like something you'd get as a side with your Domino's pizza order. We ordered wine for the table, and I was glad to see that they had a good selection of affordable bottles. I did not try any cocktails but it seemed there were quite a few offerings as well. Unfortunately, there was just nothing about either the ambiance, food or service that would compel me to go back.
1	Some friends and I decided that we were going to try out the Icon last night. we hadn't hung out in a while so we figured tapas would be good for conversation.  We had made a reservation for 8PM, but  when we got there, they had given our table away to a walk in and would not seat us at any of the other tables as they were for "other reservations."  We will never be going back to The Icon again.
5	I was really impressed with the food and the price. I came here in a group of 5 as part of the epic recruit program, and dinner for 5 comes down to $180 including tax and tip - and we each had 2~3 items! we shared most of the plates and left really stuffed. Plates I recommend: mushroom soup with blue cheese toast (excellent!)bacon wrapped sea scallop (best plate of the night)spicy potato with hot dipping sauce (surprisingly good)interesting plates:baked goat cheeseduck breast with cranberry & sweet potatoartichoke & sun dried tomato flatbreadslightly disappointed:beef tenderloin (the asparagus was great, but the blue cheese on top of meat is just unnecessary)tuna tartare (overly seasoned, can't really taste the tuna, definitely had better ones)but all and all, great service, great ambiance, great dining experience. It's somewhat close to a fine dining experience, at chain-restaurant price. One of the reasons I'm seriously considering relocation to Madison now, haha.
4	Trennnnndy. But not intimidatingly so. A great location for a first date, or for drinks with a group of people. Drinks are good, martinis are strong. Tapas are on the whole, delicious. Ask the staff for recommendations.
2	I want to like Icon.  I've dined here 4-5 times over the years and I keep coming back because I think that it must be improving because it stays open, but I'm now convinced that it exists solely based upon its proximity to the Overture Center.The food is average.  The service is average at best.  They do have a decent wine selection at a fairly moderate price point.  That may be the high point, along with a decent cocktail menu.The tapas menu is inventive, but not well-executed.  Last evening, the patatas bravas were overcooked and the sauce was very uninspired.  The crab cake was too much breading and not enough crab--and only one crab cake for $12 does not seem like a good value.  The stuffed piquillo peppers were served too cold, and the cous cous accompanying them was bland and flavorless.  It had clearly been microwaved, too, instead of reheated properly.   Lastly, the short rib served with manchego mashed potatoes sounded divine, but it was stringy and not a good cut of meat.  The potatoes were fine, but very light on manchego.  The sauce was the highlight, but Icon's kitchen was not very generous with it.  Two diners left disappointed, not full at all, after four tapas and one drink each for $86.  Icon:  neither a good meal nor a good deal.
2	I was pretty disappointed with the experience through and through. To sum it up, I don't think that the atmosphere (I'm thinking music and decor) went particularly well together or with the menu. Our server that night was mousey and awkward and took our menus before we were ready to be done ordering...then tried to say that she left a menu and it must have fallen...into thin air? not cool. Finally, the hot tapas were'nt hot they were luke warm and just ok.
2	My husband and I dine at Icon's occasionally primarily for happy hour.  On yesterday, we were surprised to arrive and be advised that the restaurant no longer has happy hour. In addition, the hostess was less than welcoming.  The place was virtually empty when we requested to be seated. She proceeded to respond with I need to make sure we don't have reservations at this time. The chicken empanadas are one of our favorites, but when we got them this time they had shrunk in size.  Again the place was empty when we were seated, and wasn't full when we left.  Bad service combined with downsizing food= we will not be returning.  There are much better restaurants in Madison who have great service and great food. Deuces!
5	Awesome cocktails. There are too few good sit-down cocktail places in Madison. This place really fills that niche for me. Food is good too. Definitely not for dinner time - the portions are too small, you will spend a fortune trying to get full. But it is a good accompaniment to drinks. Mussels with chorizo are good (very rich sauce, just fyi). White anchovies are also very good - my favorite.
2	I was here recently with 4 friends after an Overture show.  The food was quite good, at least what we ate of it.  On a few occasions the server cleared the plates when there was still food on them.  The worst part of our experience was out waiter.  One woman is 8 months pregnant and ordered an mojito without rum.  The waiter looked at her with the most confused look and said "so, you want it with vodka then?".  She finally got it through to him that she wanted it without alcohol.  So then our bill came and we were charged $11 for this virgin mojito (the normal price with alcohol).  We asked him about this charge and he stated that there was no button for this drink without alcohol and the charge was for the mint and the labor.  We asked him to check with a manager, we waited 10 minutes and no manager came to our table.  So, we paid and left....angry.
5	We stumbled upon the Icon after another restaurant was too busy on a Friday night before a show.  What a find!  We had several dishes, all of which were excellent.  Our waiter was AWESOME.  After we left he ran down State St. to return a necklace my wife had dropped on the floor.  This was the cherry on top of the cake.  We will absolutely be back - the food, the ambiance, and the staff were all wonderful and this Madison jewel.
1	Meh is right. Food was bland and ridiculously over-priced. The ribs was actually a rib. $15 for a mediocre rib topped with gravy out of a can. Actually, it wasn't gravy out of a can. Gravy out of a can has more flavor. The scallops were pretty good but two for $15 is nuts. Seriously? Two? Way out of line. The goat cheese and pesto stuffed flatbread had way too much goat cheese. I know that sounds crazy but it's true. I love cheese. I could live on cheese. This had too much. And, I'm pretty sure the marinara they put on the flatbread was Ragu or Prego. Pathetic. They almost scored gold with the anchovies but they ruined the dish with a whopping gob of gross mayo. The service was great. We sat at the bar and ate. Bartenders were friendly and kept the wine and food coming. Wine selection was great, too. Unfortunately, neither the service or wine could make up for the terrible food. This place is living on location alone.
4	Liz and I hit the Icon for a pre-show beverage (we were waiting for friends to meet us at the Orpheum). We sat at the large bar, where a super friendly and helpful bartender presented us with two glasses of water and drink menus.We browsed; the options were many and varied. I spied a very nice selection of scotches and whiskys as well - Macallan 25? Glen Morangie 18? Yes, please. Ultimately, we decided to keep it a bit light. Liz ordered a fantastic cocktail with champagne, passion fruit, and vodka. I went with a weiss beer. Prices were reasonable and the drinks were tasty.I'd like to come back and spend some more time here...
4	My husband is more of a meat and potatoes kind of guy, but I have been wanting to try The Icon for a while, and I finally convinced him to go for tapas.  He was not disappointed. We went for dinner around 8:30, and we were seated right away.  They have a large selection of specialty drinks and wine which looked awesome, but they were a bit pricey (most of the specialty drinks were around $10), so we opted for beer.  They have a very limited selection of beer on tap.  The service was excellent.  Our water glasses were never empty.  The waitress checked on us several times and timed the dishes perfectly.  She brought one dish at a time, and every time we finished a dish, the next one would be coming out.We tried the special which was duck confit in filo dough.  This is seriously the BEST thing I've ever put in my mouth.  Every bite was like a little piece of heaven.  It was SO full of flavor and the other components in the dish provided a perfect balance of different flavors and textures.The stuffed mushrooms were also very good.
4	I didn't quite know what to expect from this place. It turned out to be pleasant surprise -the good kind. Now I'm thinking, "this could be my regular girls night out base bar."It's comfortable, and staff are friendly. The service could be a bit slow sometimes, but one can just sip wine or martini and pass the time. According to my bff, Mark makes a superb martini.Pretty good wine selection. The Oregon Pinot that I had tonight was good (not the best pinot noir ever, but good), I loved the spicy sauce that cane with calamari. Nice job on the desert - I'm looking forward to the new addition to the menu.
1	My wife and I went here before the play Wicked at the Overture Center.  Had the stuffed pizza and two glasses of wine.  The food was ok, but was really disappointed withe the small poor on the wine.  I'm guessing it  was 3, maybe 4 oz at best.  What is is with restaurants these days that charge you $10 for a glass of wine and then don't even give you 5 oz.  I mean, really?   How cheap can you be.  Won't be going back.  Note to The Icon.  Don't be so cheap.  How much does an extra oz or two of wine cost you?
2	The first time my friends and I ever entered this establishment was on a Thursday evening when they still had their half-price Tapas specials.  The Elvis and James Dean prints, black-white movies playing on the TVs, and wall-of-wine made for a very promising first impression.Apparently though, our waitress was just as new to the establishment as we were, as we soon found ourselves reading the flyer we picked up (at the front, on our way in) to the waitress to explain what the special for that evening was.The general trend thereafter seemed to be reboots of the same clueless wait staff, episodes of standing at the front door for up to 10 minutes to be seated, and:The absolutely worst bartender you will ever encounter.-This is a man who, once you pay for your drink in cash, will hand you your change, and come back around when you are talking with someone, to ask: "Are you going to pay for that drink?"  In the most accusational tone someone in that state of employ could muster. You better hope it's not someone you need to impress.-This is the same man who will drink from a round of birthday shots (that wasn't supposed to include him, but he poured it for himself anyway), charge you for it, and then thirty minutes later that evening threaten to take away your beer if you don't finish it before closing time, with the kicker "Do you want to test me?"This little 'hole on State St. basically epitomizes the Hollywood that we know:  Glitz, glamour, and an absolutely vapid lack of any substance thereafter.Alright, so there _is_ a reason that this place still gets two stars (instead of one) after repeatedly embodying bouts of Gigli, Matrix Reloaded, and Star Wars EP123, and that's the food:Even without the (self-educated) half-price discount, the tapas are actually quite  tasty, and worth their price.  Especially the creamier options such as the goat cheese and anything with their aioli.  The hiring philosophy for the back of the house must differ quite a bit from that of the front.I guess to sum it up:  If you're a student going on a first date with no transport to anywhere not walkable, no funds for anything on the 'Square, and a date that only cares about yummy fingerfoods, then this is an excellent excuse to dress semi-formal and start the night.  Otherwise?  Be prepared to spend the rest of your evening wondering how these people haven't been fired years ago.
3	Went on a weeknight and the place was nearly completely empty. I've certainly had better tapas, but you can't go too terribly wrong with the baked goat cheese and fried calamari here. The waiter recommended the Marilyn's Cosmo as the most popular cocktail, but it was pretty mediocre. Still, the staff are friendly, the food is decent, and the decor is pleasant.
4	This place has a great vibe. It is on state street so I was a little worried that it would be flooded with undergraduates students since it is the first weekend they are all back. But I think the bar/atmosphere caters towards a more young professional crowd. Servers were patient when our party got larger and we ended up needing four tables together. Some drinks were a little slow to come out but they apologized for the wait. I had the Duck Tenders which were pretty good and great portion size if you are just looking for a small snack for yourself. I also got 2 $5 Martinis (after 10pm prize),  Marilyn's Cosmo- delicious. The Chocolate- pretty strong but a good dessert cocktail. I would not have a full meal here, it is a tapas bar so your bill can start running a little high if you are walking in starving. But if you just want a couple of drinks and a small bite it's the perfect place!
2	We chose The Icon because of it's close proximity to the Overture center and percentage off your first drink and dinner promotion when you have a ticket to the Overture Center. When you walk in you think you're in for a treat. Up-beat, contemporary, and "cool" is what I thought. Very different than your typical DT Madison establishment. We left saying we'd never go back again. The food was sub par and way overpriced for what you get. I mean, $14.95 for 3 bites of, what looked like, pot roast and mashed potatoes? Ridiculous! On top of it all they wouldn't honor our 50% off the first drink, per the website's promotion, because our tickets were printed off of a printer. I get this but come on!! Isn't that how most people do it these days? Don't go here unless you want to leave hungry and broke.
4	I am a huge fan of tapas, and Icon definitely satisfied my craving. My husband and I were in a rush to make it to a concert, so we stopped at Icon and asked if we'd be able to be in & out in about 45 minutes. They said it was totally doable, which was great! We ordered their Thursday evening Sangria special (1/2 off glasses of sangria). We tried two kinds - raspberry & red - and the red definitely was our favorite. We also ordered calamari, spinach & artichoke dip, an empanada, and short ribs. The short ribs were just ok. I've had better in Madison. We were HUGE fans of the spinach & artichoke dip. It came with crispy bread and there was plenty of dip. I hate when you're left with a pile of chips or bread but not enough dip at the end of a dish, so this was amazing! The calamari was fried calamari. We love it, but it didn't blow my mind. And finally, the empanada was great! I don't often order them, so I don't have much to compare it to, but I would certainly get it again. Icon definitely delivered us a delicious meal on a short time frame!  We'll definitely go back when we've got some time to savor our small plates & sangria.
1	I have gone to Icon many times before and have always enjoyed the food and service.  I am still trying to figure out if what happened last was actually real or just a bad dream.  I walked in with a friend around 7 pm for dinner, without reservations.  After requesting a table for two, the hostess met us with a blank stare and said 'um...'  After what seemed like a painfully long time she reported they were full (which we could see of course).  We suggested she take our name to which she replied 'um...'  Now this is where things turn from disappointing to outrageous.  My friend states we will wait at the bar to which a male server also at the host stand replies, 'there are no seats at the bar, we could put a napkin on the floor for you.'  After outright asking them if they wanted our business, the response was a blank stare.  We had no choice but to leave.  .. And we will never return.  Customer service 101 wouldn't even begin to cover it for these two shameful employees.
3	Wondering where to get a dirty (vodka) martini with sweet vermouth?  At The Icon of course!  Now you're probably confused because everyone knows dirty martini's are made with DRY vermouth.  And yes, a martini with sweet vermouth is just as disgusting as it sounds.The food was decent, service was decent, atmosphere was "interesting" - I think this is a once and done place for me though.  Nothing about it screamed "come again!"
5	I had a WONDERFUL experience going here.  I was worried when we got there because I had tried to call and get a reservation and got no answer.  The host said that they had 70 voicemails waiting for them when they opened.  Luckily, they managed to fit us in at the bar which was fine with us.  It wasn't full when we sat down and the bartender was very attentive.  We started with cocktails and I was impressed with their cocktail menu.  It was hard to pick just one!  Our plan going in was to order a couple plates each and try each others dishes.  We tried the beef, chicken, and spinach/mushroom empanadas, potato croquets, chicken skewers and the beef tenderloin (which was the BEST dish of the night, but maybe not worth $16 for portion size?)  Overall, I was very happy with the price vs. portion size.  There also wasn't a long wait for the food. Even though they had a full restaurant by the end of our meal, I didn't feel like we were rushed out of the place.  I loved the decor, I loved the food, I loved the service.  I will definitely be back to try more dishes!
3	I would give this place another star if not for the service. It wasn't bad, just wasn't very good either.Came here with a large group of girls for a couple of birthdays. We made a reservation and the table was ready for us when we got there. Our waitress came to take our drink order and just did not seem very interested in us or being there at all. Kind of a turn off. The drinks we ordered were all very good, especially the mojito!For food I ordered the duck tenders and potato croquettes. The duck tenders came out first and were actually very good. You get quite a few pieces and they were nice and crispy. Then, I waited for the rest of my table to get all of their food, and then about 10 minutes extra for the waitress to realize that my croquettes never came. I notified her that I was still waiting and she said it must have been a kitchen mistake. It then took another 10-15 minutes for them to come out. They were very good, and I didn't get to enjoy them because I was the only one left eating and everyone else wanted to get going. Other people at our table really enjoyed their food, too.So food is great. Service not so much. I would definitely give them another try, though.
4	Nice variety, good atmosphere and great service.
1	Ambience is good. That's about it. Service is below average.  Food is subpar. Very small portion. Salad looks so tired and tastes tired. Meat is too rough to be chewable. Even fried calamari is unchewable.  Disappointing experience.
1	Atmosphere was perfect and waitstaff cool. Menu delightful but whoever wrote it must have been out of town Sunday night. Nothing matched the description. Worst was the paella which was pretty close to Uncle Bens with some chunks of chicken on top.
4	I really love this place in Madison. When I moved here from Spokane, Icon left a great impression on me. I had a great time the first time I went there and they were even playing one of my favorite movies (The Thin Man) at the bar. It became a go to celebration place for me and so I am willing to overlook some of Icon's faults. First off, this place is not cheap, especially if you get wine. But they have an excellent wine selection and for those with more pedestrian tastes in alcohol (myself included), they have beer too. Not everything on the menu is of the same caliber. Some menu choices are excellent (ex. braised short ribs) while others may miss their mark. Because this is a tapas bar, take a friend and plan to share multiple dishes. The size of the serving tends to be smaller and so it's better to split three or so dishes with another person. For the first dish, I enjoy one of their flatbread selections. Second course? I almost always default to braised short ribs (those are amazing). For desert, I like the tres leches. This is a nice place for a treat with a good ambiance. Or you could just have a drink at the bar.
1	This was possibly the worst tapas place I've ever been to...highly disappointed in everything we tried.  The fried calamari was cold and soggy.  The bacon wrapped chicken was ok.. The ceviche lacked flavor.  The best thing we had was the mash potatoes that accompanied the beef... Unless you are just up for drinks avoid this place!!!
3	I really want to love this place but haven't been very impressed after going multiple times.The ambiance is awesome. Probably the best part of the restaurant. Dim lighting, a funky wine display and a hip looking bar make it a fun place to go. Feels like you're at a lounge (and apparently they do bottle service which I think would be funny to do someday). However, I really just don't love the food. It's overpriced and looks and tastes so average. It almost seems like they're lazy. I did really like the tuna tartare! I would go back for half priced bottles of wine on Wednesdays and perhaps try something from their new menu before going to a show at the overture center. However, there are many much better places in the area.
1	I've been to really good Spanish/tapas restaurants in major cities. For Madison, this used to be a restaurant I enjoyed going to with friends. In fact, I spent one of my birthdays here six years ago. I don't know what happened between then and now, but the quality of food has completely deteriorated. In short: the food was bland and disgusting. There were no croquetas, which is a classic and basic Spanish tapas. The "grilled" calamari tasted like it had been thrown in boiling water and nothing else. The shrimp was overcooked and overpriced--two large shrimp (no garlic olive oil, which, again is the classic gambas al ajillo dish) for $15. Lol.  My friend and I were appalled. To make matters worst, the bartender lacked any couth. Needless to say, I will not be returning. To detox the horrible culinary experience from our system, we ended up going a block down the street to Centeno--much better service, ambiance, and quality of food. If you've never had tapas, do not deceive yourself into thinking this is anything close.
2	The food was average/good, but too expensive for the portion sizes. I've eaten tapas all over the country, and these were some of the smaller portions I've seen, and prices in line with San Francisco or NYC. The meal was ok, but we couldn't seem to order enough to be satisfied. Also, the service was slow. But the real kicker was they charged 50 cents for the stuffed olives in my martini! Overall, too expensive and not enough food to make it worth going back again. It was a pretty disappointing experience.
2	The quality was pretty good but the portions were tiny (even for tapas) for the price that they charge for it.. 10$ for a small plate that is sub par.. And included four pieces of meat that were the size of a quarter.. Not worth it!
2	Another travesty on State Street.  Its far from "tapas" and more like overpriced appetizers.  Small portion, expensive bar food.The space is ok but felt contrived.  Any decent bar knows that keeping wine on the wall in full sunlight is a no no.  Service was the usual State Street mediocrity but there is worse.  Obviously Icon stays around because of its proximity to the Overture Center and because real tapas are non-existent in Madison.
