2	All-you-can eat pizza buffet & drink for $7. It is just buffet pizza lots of different variations and you can request any you can imagine-mac n chz,hot dog, pepperoni & jalapeno,hawaiian & more. There's about 10-12 varieties on the buffet at a time. There's lots of people here so there's usually something new every time back to the buffet. They also have 2 salads, soup & bread sticks plus 2 desserts and they serve Coca-Cola products. It's cafeteria-style seat yourself and there is a small arcade and several flat screen TVs. For buffet pizza this place is OK. BUT for pizza it's crap-No flavor, sauce was weak, thin flavorless crust or thick & doughy, all the toppings were over processed and the cheese was invisible. Worst yet less than 5 minutes after leaving this place I had the uncontrollable feeling that everything needed to exit my body from one end or the other.
3	I have been to a couple Cici's in other states, this one was a little disappointing. But, for the price ($5.50 per person + $1.50 for drink) you are getting endless pizza and there awesome cinnamon roll things. The pizza here is quantity, not quality, although they do have interesting topping combos (like mac&cheese or buffalo chicken) and they rotate pretty often. Don't expect much from the "salad bar", its basically two pre-made salads soaked in dressing.Overall, its OK. I'll probably be back only because I can't get enough of there Cinnamon rolls.
4	I went here on one of my usual monthly trips with my boyfriend.Like Scott D. said, it is cafeteria style. You walk into the entrance and wait in line while the cashier rings you up. She also gives you the necessary drink glasses if you choose to use the soda fountain. After you get your receipt, find yourself a table and dig in!While yes it is quantity vs quality (what buffet isn't?), they do have a nice trick they do. They make the pizzas small, so they will get devoured quickly and then there's a fresh pie in its place ready to go up on the buffet line! I think every time I went back to the buffet line, there was always something fresh and new. They rotate the pizzas quite often, so you get to try lots of different types.Salads are pretty generic. They come already assembled with dressing included. I wish they would put the dressing on the side, because sometimes too much dressing is overkill.I really enjoyed the white pie with chicken. It was like chicken alfredo, but on a pizza crust! The Hawaiian one hit the spot, and the Mexican wasn't too shabby either. There was one pizza that I thought was really disgusting, which was the tabasco one. I'm not a fan of tabasco though, so that probably didn't help me much either.The garlic sticks were thin, but flavorful and made a great paring with either the soup or pasta with marinara sauce that was also available. Save room for the desserts! The cinnamon rolls are *TO DIE FOR*, especially when fresh out of the oven. My boyfriend and I had a foodgasm over them, because they were just so soft and melted in your mouth. DELICIOUS!! The brownies were pretty good as well.Bring your extra stomachs with you, as this buffet brings food coma galore! I passed out for about 2-3 hours after heading back to the hotel.
4	I had never been to or heard of Cici's before so when we came here, I was completely unaware that it was an all-you-can-eat pizza buffet. Considering the selection and quality, it was almost too good to be true! I was aware, however, that they had a macaroni and cheese pizza which I was dying to try; it definitely lived up to my expectations. I was with a group of a dozen folks and we had a blast. They even had a fun little arcade and gave us fresh pizzas for our table. Everything was delicious, including the dessert cinnamon rolls and brownies. There needs to be more Cici's closer to the Los Angeles area!
3	I recently moved to Las Vegas from Sacramento California. In Sacramento the TV commercials for CiCis plays all the time, but there is not an open location anywhere. We always said if one opened we would go check it out because it looks so good. Well you know how commercials make things look great, When we pulled into town I realized that we live a few blocks from this location. The first chance we got we had to check out CiCi's. Unlike the commercial the pizza was so so and there was no lady screaming Cutter at the top of her lungs. There are a few good things, you can request any kind of pizza you want and how many pieces or a whole pie to be brought to your table and they give you a cone to put on the table and when it is done they bring your hot pizza. And.......well.... It's just flat out cheap.
3	I don't think I've ever read a more consistent series of reviews, everyone else has hit the nail on the head! It's cheap and okay, that's about it. They have currently lowered their buffet price to $3.99...as if that would suddenly attract all the folks holding out on that dollar. The drink price is $1.49 and an extra $0.50 if you want a 32oz to-go cup. Pizza is about what I expected...basically the type that would taste a lot better at 2:15 am on a Friday night. However, the selection is good and they certainly keep them coming. The cinnamon roll things really do live up to the hype and I would come back if only to eat just those. The brownies were good too. The only thing I didn't really care for was the pasta sauce, yuck, not good and the other patrons, a bit of a seedy crowd in this location. Oh, I could also do without the overzealous greeting upon each customer's entry, but I guess it's nice to have my presence acknowledged. Thanks for the swill Cici's, I'll be back!
4	i always see cici commercials on tv and am instantly sold-- pizza buffet? down :] well, i finally found a cici's in las vegas-- since ive never been to one in california. its definitely not a fancy place, but its pretty good for the price you pay. i think the lunch buffet was around four bucks a person-- and you cannot beat that! the pizza was so so, but you get what you pay for! there is definitely no real complaints here! however the only thing i wish was that they had something for dessert-- because their sugary breadstick things were not crackin. so if youre hungry and in this area give this place a try :]
4	With the Pizza Hut (which had a buffet) on Boulder Highway closing down, I have been seeking a suitable replacement for my pizza buffet needs. I kept seeing commercials for Cici's, and they finally opened a few locations around town. After going, I think that need has been filled. The place is, essentially, a pizza buffet with a plethora of other items offered as well. There are all kinds of pizzas prepared different ways with different toppings, pasta, breadsticks, dessert items, and even soup! Seriously, there is a little bit of everything here. Regardless of your tastes you're bound to find an item that works for you. The place is priced right, too. Their buffet is not overly expensive by any means, making this an ideal place to get a cheap, good lunch if you are in the area and in the mood. I only wish they would put a location in the "old" Henderson area, as this is the closest restaurant to me and still a pretty lengthy commute.If I have one complaint with this place, it is the overcrowding. This place gets JAMMED at peak hours, and even finding table can be a struggle. It doesn't help things that they only have one drink machine, and all the food laid out in one long row. This makes it hard to get around without bumping into someone, which is both annoying and a safety hazard.But I can overlook the flaws. This place is excellent, and I have no problem making the commute there for my pizza buffet needs. This place gets a strong recommendation.
5	I always see the Cicis commercial. But there is no Cicis in California. So, I went to Cicis in Las Vegas. It was really Good. They had different types of pizza's and if they didn't have what you wanted they would make it for you. They only had two types of salads but they were good. I was disappointment with the pasta because I was expecting something with Alfredo sauce, but I cant complain because the one they had was soooooooo good. I would recommended to anyone that is in the area. I even took some to go...but I should have taken more! Next time.
3	Good pizza at a great price (under $6 with tax for the buffet + drink). The employees are incredibly friendly and enthusiastic (some might say too much). I've been there twice now and it's been good both times.
4	Staff was very friendly. Salad was fresh. Pizza was good, about a 3 star rating, but the thing that pushed the rating to a 4 star was the cinnamon rolls - wow, they are good. I wish I could get them in the morning with my Starbucks.
3	I recently discovered Cici's Pizza over the Summer thanks to a friend of mine that lives near one in the Northwest part of Vegas.  Since then, I've visited 3 locations in the Valley.  This was the third one.My Son and his friend wanted to get some Pizza before the UNLV Football game on Saturday.  Since this location was on the way to the Stadium, we stopped here for lunch.  AYCE Pizza Buffet priced at $3.99 per person is pretty good....don't you think?This Cici's looks relatively new and is very clean.  It was a Saturday afternoon around 3 pm and it was packed!  However, it didn't stop them from pumping out Pizza after Pizza to keep everyone happy.  The boys and I went for plate after plate of Pizza.....until we couldn't eat another slice.  That held us over until we got to the Tailgate Party...ha!Overall, great spot.....service was awesome.  They kept the Pizza Buffet full of Pizza with over 100 people in the restaurant.....amazing!Will I return?  It's very far from my house, but next time I'm in the neighborhood....probably.
4	My children (8 & 10) LOVE this place. Every time they get any choice/input on where to go for dinner IHOP and Cici's are mentioned.My son (8) thinks the "You just order a pizza with whatever you want and they bring it to you for FREE!!" I tried explaining that I paid for him to get in...Anyways Cici's gets 5 stars from my kids and 3 from me.
4	macaroni pizza! salad! desserts! pretty cheap buffet, great, enthusiastic service and clean, kid-friendly place.
4	Who is a fan of a cheap ol' pizza place like you would think Cici's is?? Me! Seriously this place blows my mind. Between the excellent service and attitude's of the employees here and the nice variety of pizza they service... this place is awesome! This is the first time I've had a macaroni pizza, a dessert pizza, and you can pretty much order anything the imagination can think of. They have a lunch special for $4 for all the soup, salad, dessert and pizza you can eat. If they don't have the pizza there you want... ask them! they'll make one special for you. Amazing! and for the price?! Amazing!
5	The food is pretty good.  It's well worth the low price.  Service is amazing!
4	The service is pretty good, you will always hear "Hi Welcome to Cici's" everytime you go.  In fact you might hear it so much it starts to annoy you, or, like me you think it's funny and laugh.  The pizza is pretty cheap, both in cost and quality.  It's not the best pizza ever, but is overall still pretty good.  You can get a pizza made practically any way you want it.  The cinnamon rolls are the absolute best!!  I go pretty much for those gooey, cinnamon rolls alone.  I usually get 3-4 slices of pizza, and than 1-2 plates of cinnamon rolls..that's how good they are.  All you can eat for under 6 bucks is a great deal.  Im only giving this place a 4 because the pizza isn't top of the line pizza, but worth what you pay for.
4	If they only had pizza I'd give it a 3.  You get what you pay for.  Cheap thin crust buffet pizza.What bumps it up to 4 stars is the cinnamon rolls.  OH MAN.  These things are amazing!  It will probabbly give me a heartattack, but I can eat plate after plate of these things.  Warm and gooey.  So good.It can get pretty crowded though.  And there are usually lots of kids running around (where are their parents??).  Staff is really friendly though.Macaroni and cheese pizza isn't too bad actually.  They also make an apple-cobbler pizza thing that is pretty good.come for the price, stay for the cinnamon rolls.
3	My recommendation: be as creative as you can be ;)As soon as you walk in you are greated with such a warm welcome that you have to stop and think if you know the cashier personally lol. The whole crew has an upbeat attitude and everyone is ready to help you with any question or request you may have.It's a buffet for $5 so you can't expect gourmet food, but they try. If they don't have a pizza you like sitting out already then don't hesitate to have them custom make you one. I hear they have some pretty unusual ingredients too lol. My favorite thing at Cici's is their cinnimon rolls. I probably eat more of those than I do pizza. Overall, it's a friendly environment with decent food. Cici's is a great place for the family.
4	Surprisingly good. When my niece told us her high school volleyball team was having a fundraiser at Cici's Pizza I cringed. Really? Cici's? But you have to support the kids so I went, expecting the worst only to be pleasantly surprised. The staff was friendly with no attitude, the prices were good, and the place was clean. And even with the place being packed with hungry teenage girls on top of the regular crowd the pizzas were hot, fresh, and pretty good with more variety than any of us expected! And the buffet didn't have empty spaces...if they ran low on a pizza they barked out orders to the back for more and they kept them coming! The fountain drinks were strong, the game room was active, even the restrooms were clean, but the most important thing is the kids had fun. Oh and Cici's made it easy for the team to raise money without fuss. It's not Grimaldi's or an artisan pizza place so I won't give that coveted 5th star, but if you have kids you won't go wrong here. My 2 year old would give it 5 stars...he cleaned his plate. (And as parents we all know how rare that can be!)
3	Fancy, we don't do fancy at Cici's Pizza. This is a simple, quick, buffet style eatery. $5.49 is the everyday price, and $4.99 is the lunch special price on Monday-Friday from 11am-2pm. If I read correctly, drinks are an additional $.50 as well. Mac'N'Cheese pizza was surprisingly good. Usually don't like my carbs on carbs action, but a small slice should do. I didn't go in expecting anything more than what I got and left feeling satisfied.
2	If you're looking for CHEAP, I guess this is the place.  They serve all of the pizza and salad you can eat for $5.49 (soft drinks are $1.79, or free for seniors).  There's a temporary lunch special for $4.99 including drink.The two types of salads were fresh tasting and good.  They had a variety of pizza to choose from.  While the pizza LOOKED really good, the taste didn't match the appearance.  It really tasted like inexpensive frozen pizza that you'd get from a grocery store (I didn't see them making it, but I wouldn't doubt that it was made in a factory somewhere and shipped frozen) and the crust tasted like cardboard.The place really isn't meant for "Pizza Snobs" to enjoy a quality pie.  It's meant to be a cheap alternative to McDonalds, and it seems as though it's marketed that way (photos of kids and teens eating pizza hanging all over the walls, arcade in the back, "Macaroni and Cheese Pizza" as one of the types).There were teens and families with small children everywhere.  I was the only person not there with someone under 18.
1	I went there January 2012. First off, the food was gross. The salad was premixed and they wouldn't even let you pick any of the toppings out yourself you had to find someone behind the bar, which was harder to do since they only had one girl working the front for a little while. The lettuce was not crispy or fresh cause it was sitting in ranch WAY before I got to it. The pizza was even worse. I completely understand the strange choices like cheeseburger pizza but a lot of pizzas were like that. They only had 2 pizza that were adult friendly. Those 2 pizza tasted like they were under the heat lamp to long and became dried out and hard. The staff was really friendly but there was one worker who pretty much yelled as he worked. I was standing at the bar, while he was standing right next to me, he was talking to another employee who was standing on the other side of him but he was talking to him like he was yelling across the parking parking lot. I was VERY annoyed. I went home to the website to find a email address to complain too, but the one they had on they site wasn't even working. Will not go again!
3	If you are looking for the most amazing Pizza in Vegas you aren't going to find it here. However, this would be an awesome place to take your kid for lunch or dinner. Its a buffet style pizza place (if you can call it pizza) with an arcade and a little room to run around. The price is great $4.99 for lunch, are you kidding me? I would totally come back when I have friends in town and we are looking for a cheap, fun place to feed the kids and have a little grown up time while the kids play... but you won't find me here otherwise.
3	Some of the varieties of pizza taste much better then others.  However, none of them are overly great.  This location used to be much cleaner but it appears management may have changed and the service has gone downhill a bit.  I do find the cinnamon rolls to be addictively good though.  So I keep going back to get my fix.
3	Cici's really upset me this time. The pizza is okay, my kids love the mac n chz pizza. The only reason I personally come is for the ranch salad and brownies. The salad wasn't fresh, very limp and saturated with ranch, and the brownies weren't even cooked through. I used my fork and the brownie turned in to mush. Almost looked like it was batter. So nasty. And disappointing.
1	15 dollars for two people food was not good salad was old piZza was cold pizza taste weird only thing good cinnamon rolls not worth ur money
4	Don't come here and think you're gonna get anything fancy..because it's not. It's cheap and for the price it's worth it.  The food is surprisingly good..salad and soup is great. Pizza is also good...there are about 6 different varieties of pizza and they will make you any kind you want if you ask.  For dessert they have cinnamon rolls(delish) brownies..and a apple pie pizza. I have to say I love all of them. It's great for kids..cheap also. Came for lunch on a weekday..2 adults and 1 kids was under $20.
1	Only one star and that was for the dessert.  This is the worst excuse for a pizza buffet I have ever had the misfortune of encountering!  The salad bar was messy and understocked... the pasta bar sat empty for over 30 minutes, the bus boy passed by our table more than once, but left all the dirty plates sitting.  The only slightly redeeming part was the dessert.  Save your money.Worse yet, when my date shared our concerns with the manager, he was just blown off like the concerns didn't matter! :(  Not going here again!!
4	My family raved about this place the last time they visited because it was so cheap and my niece and nephews were stoked about the food. It's pizza for goodness sake! Can't go wrong with pizza (even if there are some frozen pizzas out there that may taste a tad bit better).We stopped by for a late lunch. I think we just missed the 5 dollar special and it ended up being $5.99 per person. Big whoop. A dollar more for a pizza buffet was no biggie. I tasted everything - bacon ranch salad, macaroni and cheese pizza, pepperoni pizza, cheese pizza, veggie pizza, cinnamon rolls, apple pie pizza, and brownies. They even make a whole pizza per your request and bring in to your table. Everything was actually decent for the price. The manager came to our table to make sure everything was okay and was really personable. I'm stoked that I didn't have to watch a dancing mouse entertain us during lunch and it's much cheaper with less kids running around. Prices were comparable to eating at a fast food joint. Nice option for a cheap meal.
5	I LOVE this place..They are so friendly upon entering the door, and they will make you ANY kind of pizza you desire.. Love how clean it is and its healthy..Their pizza's have thin crust if you want it , no crust pizza too, or you can have all the crust you want.. The toppings and kinds of pizza are amazing.. Mac n Cheese, BBQ chicken, also a pizza that taste like a Big Mac.. OMG!!! what a friendly place.. Love it...
4	I always love CiCis, nothing big about this location but the staff is friendly. I love how you can request special orders of pizzas free of charge!
2	If you're going to eat here, order your own personal pizza. The staff was friendly although I was a little surprised that the cashier had such a hard time taking a gift card and then subtracting that from the total to receive cash for the remainder of the bill. We spent 5 minutes at the front having her try to figure it out. Eventually she threw her hands up in the air and I'm assuming it was the assistant manager came around and helped her out. We came in because we read about the $5.99 lunch buffet (Which we assumed it included a drink) it did not include a drink and the drink itself cost $2. Why don't you just charge me for everything at once instead of being all sneaky with your costs? Made me not trust them. The salad was good, I wasn't impressed to see the dressing in squirt bottles though. Depending on which slice you picked up the pizza could either be really good or really bad. My friend and I got the same kind of pizza, and hers tasted horrible while mine tasted freshly made. That happened with every pizza we tried until we had them just make us our own pizza. The only explanation I can think of is that they just keep the old slices on the warming plates and add fresh pizza when they need it. It was super gross. The dessert pizza was pretty good but we ran into the same thing. Some of the desserts were fresher than others. I had one mini cinnamon roll that was delicious, moist and warm while the next one was hard as a rock, dry and disgusting. I hope they get this fixed. I don't think I'll come back unless they do. I would need them to fix their prices too; either include the drink in the $5.99 price or charge more for the buffet and include the drink but don't make me choose whether or not I'm going to have a drink with my meal right when I get there. It was really sketchy and rude.The atmosphere was horrible. At least for someone in their mid twenties. We sat across from a TV with Dora the Explorer on and the music that was playing had to be from the Disney Channel. I guess they're catering to kids?...It wasn't very clean either, the floors and tables could definitely use a renovation. The bathroom doors had greasy fingerprints all over them from top to bottom. The only plus I can say to this place is the service was friendly. Even so it seemed like I was back in high school with how much they joked around even with customers. I don't need someone to do voice impressions of a redneck for me when I'm picking out pizza. If I wanted to go back to High School I would. I don't think I'll be coming back here though.
5	Everytime i walk in to this place, atleast five people greet us welcome. Cant beat the variety. We always walk out satisfied.
4	The pizza is pretty good. they take special requests and the staff is very friendly. they do a mac n cheese pizza (yeah i know it sounds kinda weird) that is surprisingly good. pizza selection is good, thin crust, deep dish, veggie and meat are all up. salad bar is a little sparse but adequate. usually three selections for desert, apple/cream cheese pizza, brownies and cinnamon rolls.  if you can snag a couple fresh made cinnamon rolls you will not be disappointed. only drawback is they have coke products but they have tea. coupons abound, you will get an offer on the back of the receipt.
3	Food is good not great , but what do you expect for cheap.
1	This place is full of germs and got me sick. The restaurant is filthy and the manager needs to scrub the place and get a more sanitary system for serving food. I wash my hands before I eat every time, but think about how many dirty hands touch the pizza server handle. This is disgusting, you grab the handle and then go eat pizza with those hands. I wish I thought about this before they got me sick. Do yourself a favor & use a napkin to hold the handle. Better yet, get Papa Johns instead, it's way better.
4	It's $5 for pizza lunch buffet. I'm not expecting spectacular pizza. It's edible and the fact that they will custom a pizza for you, now that's great!! Nothing at cici's lunch buffet is extraordinary, but it's good. And for what you pay, can't best it. You'll come in hungry and leave stuffed. Dont like the selection, ask then to make you a pizza with the toppings you want. It's that easy. There's always something for you.
2	Pizza is ok for the price. The salad bar was under stocked, the soup was very good as was the desert cinnamon rolls. Went on a Friday night, screaming, crying, running loose kids everywhere, this is where a stiff drink or four would have come into play, but they don't serve those here. Don't go in there expecting to find parents in control of their kids!
1	Not going to this certain CiCi ever again. Ordered a custom pizza to find out that they never made it, even though I checked up on it about three times. When the manager hands the pizza to me, it was cold and seemed like he didn't give two shits about anything. Went over to get pasta, to have the manager take away everything and coming back with empty pots. Asked how long, he said 5 min. Aren't you suppose to make them when the pasta is half way empty or when you have somewhat a full house? Well work on your management please.
3	You're getting ayce pizza for $3.99 you get what you pay for.Pay, grab a plate, get all the pizzas you can and find a table. SImple. If you don't find any pizza to your liking you can ask them to make one for you! Again don't expect any sha-bang when you take a bite. The pizza's are very very mediocore. BUT major props to their pepperoni bread that stuff is what makes me a fan of the establishment.PRO TIP! stay away from the pasta, it looks like it's been there 5ever.If they place actually tried to scrub and clean the tables and floor then I'd bump this place to four stars. It feels really dirty coming here.
4	Cheap and to the point! you will not get gourmet pizza here but they try! the spinach and white is my fav! something your body can allow only once in awhile but great for large kid gatherings!
4	For a cheap pizza buffet, it was surprisingly good! My husband and I really enjoy this when we are over getting fast food, but still trying to eat on a budget. The food itself is good for the price. It's not the best thing we've ever had, but still good! The dessert is pretty good as well. We really enjoyed pretty much all of the food so we are happy customers and will return to this location again. As for the arcade.... we are extremely upset with the stupid claw machine. IT IS BS Y'ALL
3	Not a bad place!It's pretty cheap so that's why I'm sticking with 3 stars. The food isn't that good but it's pretty cheap and fills you up. Their salad is pretty darn good. Pizza is not very good which is weird for a pizza place. I usually eat 2 slices and stick with the other stuff. I love the pasta and soup. I always get the pasta and cover it with Alfredo and marinara sauce. But I HAVE to eat it with the dry chili pepper they provide (thank goodness) if they didn't have that then I would never come here. It makes it taste SO much better. As for the soup I also HAVE to add pepper and chili pepper or I wouldn't be able to eat it. But when I do add those things the soup and pasta are SO good. I think their desserts are WAY too sweet but I still like coming. You can order toe own pizza which is awesome.
1	The owner of Cici's is not a good person, he only cares about money not doing the right thing! whatever you do if you use Cici's for a "fundraiser" don't pay upfront because they lie when they say you can get your money back, yeah if the owner would return phone calls or be available... He ran to the store when you wanted to buy them but not when you want to return them.
1	My family used to go a lot! Then they changed managers a few times and each time the service got worse. Finally we started just using take out only, but omg that was even worse! Every time we called in an order our pizza was never done even though we always gave them an extra 10 minutes over the time they told us it would be ready. One night we went and three of our 5 items were ready and the girl just left them on the counter while our breadsticks and dessert cooked for another 10 minutes! Then one terrible night after waiting forever after we got there to pick up, the counter girl dropped one of the pizzas on the floor upside down and seriously asked what we wanted her to do about it!!!!  Yet another time again with the pick up pizza part they were again rude and I said out loud "I'm so done with this place." And the manager said, "Good!" What? Wow that was the last straw! My kids used to ask to get it all the time and finally stopped asking thank God! I will never go back!
4	Love this place. We come at least twice a month. They need to add some meat to the buffet.  The workers are always friendly and helpful.
4	For a nice bit stop by here. If you order and take it home place your order there and wait 10 mins the pizza will be hot and very good.They do not have soda as 2 liter but hey smiths is right there by cicisThe management is very nice as well as the young lady that rang me up.
4	We have been coming to this location since it opened. There are other locations in town now that are closer but we still go to this one. They have always been very friendly and lots of choices. My fave pizza is the flat bread spinach, most delicious. I only wish they had Pepsi products instead of coke. We will continue to visit here as long as they remain open even though it is way out of our way.
3	You definitely get what you pay for here. This place doesn't survive on being the best pizza, best pasta, or salad bar. It is a quick, cheap, and easy meal if you your low on funds and have a hankering for pizza. We eat here if we want something fast and simple. The salad has changed over the years. I remember it being premix and now it is more of a salad bar which we (my husband and I)like better. The pizzas are not bad, and the variety is pretty good. My favorites are always the macaroni pizza, and bbq pizza. It's not the best but it satisfy cravings for pizza. This place is definitely family friendly. We always see families come in and the occasional small parties. The staff are always friendly and happy which can borderline on almost crazy ( that's not a bad thing but we have theories that the owner probably threatens them to smile lol). Tables are always cleared just in time as well.
4	Came here with my family one day for dinner. The price of the buffet is cheap and you can even get them to make you your own pizza! That was a plus.When I came in, I was greeted by the staff. The politeness of the staff is the real reason why I'm giving such a good review. The pizza is okay. You get what you pay for. But the cinnamon rolls are flipping delicious.
4	Ask for the thick crust and they will make you a fresh deep dish pizza that is amazing.  The same dough is used on the cinnamon rolls and we were in heaven.  Service, value, and cleanliness deserve 5 stars.  Buffet selection is good but didn't see too many veggie options. I'm sure if I asked they would have though. Seniors got their drinks included.
