5	First time at Napa. I sat at the bar for a glass of wine and to take out. Service was great from the beginning. The menu is limited which is a good thing - that means they can concentrate on the items listed without trying to be all things to all people. They offer small plates including some very nice looking oysters served in individual white porcelain cups. All of the plates I saw coming out of the kitchen were nicely presented. In addition, they have large plates ranging in price from $17 to $24. I chose one of the large plate selections - Poulet Rouge with roasted root vegetables.So I will interject this: I take out a lot. Some restaurants do a good job and others don't get it. What really bugs me is a nice restaurant putting the entree in a too-large container. The food looks skimpy and it sloshes around on the way home. The Poulet Rouge was absolutely the BEST take out meal I've enjoyed lately (and perfectly packaged in recyclable cartons.) The chicken was cooked well done. The entire outside was very crispy but the inside was not compromised. And the vegetables...... ah! I seek decent vegetables at restaurants and Napa has won my award. Perfectly cooked sweet potato, cauliflower and broccoli rabe (I know, not a root vegetable but it fit in the mix.) I recommend Napa for sure! It's pricey but my first impression was great. Oh and by the way, as I stood to leave, the bartender apologized for not having the time to get to know me because it was busy.... that was pretty cool. I'll be back.
2	ok - first problem - walk in tell hostess I want a TABLE - no prob  she says - then wants my name - no prob -  I  give her my last name - she puts it in tablet and then asks for first name - ok - give it to her - end of discussion - she informs alternate hostess and there we go - to a BOOTH - what part of I WANT A TABLE do you not understand - ok - we just let it go.  Next problem - what is with the high intesity lighting - change out those high light to soft lites - oh and by the way - turn down the f'n music - okay I am genuinly pissed at this point - OPTIONS halibut and swordfish and then 1 beef  1chcken 1 pork - not happening - sauce on hailbit was overwhelming - hubby said no way jose -  better waiters - better clothes - sorry I like black tops black pants - green tops/khaki tops - no way - do not want to be ugly but unless they really change this up -no way going back there
3	Honestly, how you can give you a place with copper-esque goblets just two stars. These incredible drinking vessels are worth a star just for them. I stopped by Napa for lunch and I can say the prices area tiny bit on the high end but not as terrible for a quick lunch. And quick it was. In and out in about an order but with service so flawless it didn't feel that fast. This place is fancy shamncy- in the way that they have a small brush to brush your bread crumbs off the table after your plates are cleared. Try the delicious pomegranate butter on the bread. I had a solid carrot ginger soup and bibb salad. Great location for a business lunch but I won't be beating their door down anytime soon.
2	I won't go back. The most exciting aspect of this restaurant is that they claim to have barrel dispensed wine, house made breads and cheeses(!) and farm-to-table menu. Oh yes, all of these sound great but might just be marketing ploys. The wine is dispensed from kegs(they say barrel to make it sound fancy.) I love the keg wine idea if it's used to offer better wines at reasonable prices, but this restaurant makes a killing off their wine program and offer no values. Examples- Pine Ridge Chenin Blanc retail-$12/ this restaurant $45, Pennywise Petite Sirah retail $10/ here-$44, Caymus Cab retail- $65/ here $150. Could you imagine a wine barrel behind a bar anyway? The food quality is good, but I want more! I want damn good food when I pay $25 for a plate. Why is "good" the standard and they don't try for great, exciting food? The menu covers all the necessities: fish, check; steak, check; chicken, check; a house specialty; check...Boring, check. The food quality and decor earned them two stars in my book. Now, get creative, use local food sources and cut your wine prices in half and you'll catch up with the 2000s.I don't know if the bread is made in house- our server didn't know either. When asked about the house made cheeses, the server explained there aren't any. Then went on to say the Humboldt Fog cheese is from Humboldt County, NC(ouch!). And you'd think if the produce or meat were local they might mention the farms they source from, but no. And, yep the server didn't know where the produce or meats came from either. Maybe, I am completely in the wrong and they simply don't want to put farms' names on the menu or haven't found reliable sources since opening. Maybe this is actually a farm-to-table restaurant and I just had a clueless server. Maybe they make their own cheeses and breads and maybe Humboldt Fog comes from Humboldt County, North Carolina.
3	I will start by saying that nothing was in particular wrong it just wasn't very good. The server we had was very sweet and was on top of everything which was great! The food was really just ok- the menu is very small and very generic. It basically is Providence Cafe with a makeover and not a very good one. We ordered The Pork Belly with ginger slaw and that was ok the Pork could've been crisper on the outside and the slaw was with like a sweet and sour sauce but overall not bad. We also had the Pulled pork pizza and that was alright lacking in flavor and a little chewy. Then had the Bucatini and that was good and we also had the steak special and I liked my steak it was cooked to the right temp and had good flavoring the Fries they served it with were NOT good they were chewy and cold like they were cooked and hour before and just left on the side. We had ordered some of the sides my favorite being the Mac N Cheese it was delicious!!  I wont say I wont be back but I really have no real reason to go here other than the Mac N Cheese so we will see...
5	From the beginning, I have heard nothing but praise for this place.  Several friends had already gone and been inordinately pleased.  One of them even ordered off-menu and was thrilled with his experience, so my expectations were high.   I was not dissapointed.   From the moment we walked in the door, we were treated as invited guests.  The entire staff was warm, attentive and cooperative, our server was clever, well-informed, and charming; the surroundings were beautiful and simple.   We never felt rushed, though we were almost the last customers to leave.  We lingered, savored slowly and absorbed the evening.  The food was perfect.  The most beautiful oysters I've ever seen.  The baby beet salad was perfectly balanced, lacking nothing, and the roasted mushrooms in the tagliatelle were heavenly.    The hangar steak was almost pretty enough to tempt this vegetarian to cross over to the dark side... almost.Although we couldn't find room for dessert, they all sounded wonderful, and I am sure we will have plenty of opportunity to indulge in future visits.  The manager dropped by to make sure that our experience was wonderful, spending a few moments making us feel welcome, asking for feedback and suggestions.  I suspect this will become a regular "after-work wine and friends" local.  It just feels good.  On a side note, I decided to save some for lunch today, had it boxed and, of course, left it on the table.  When we were half-way home, I actually turned around for it. To my delight, they saved it for me.  And I'm so glad.  It was delicious.  :)
4	We went for Sunday Brunch and it was fabulous! We ordered the pizza special of duck confit with roasted cherries, and took the managers tip of drizzling some of their "pig sauce" on it, awesome. Also had the lobster Mac n cheese and bananas foster waffles, which were equally amazing. Service was perfect. Cannot wait to return for dinner!
3	I came to Napa on Providence for restaurant week with four hungry men ready to eat their way through wine country. I assumed this restaurant was California-inspired fare based off their name and some word-of-mouth reviews, but not quite sure it fell into that category...Anyway, I opted to order off the regular menu. I had the Heaven in a Bowl salad which was delicious (although my waiter led me to believe otherwise...odd). A very good size portion of frisee tossed in a bacon vinaigrette, topped with grilled onions and a poached egg. It was delicious. I also had the pork pizza which was fine but nothing special. The boys had the short rib (which they loved, I thought it was fine) and sides of mac and cheese. As other Yelpers have pointed out, this mac and cheese is divine. Big, curly noodles, creamy Velveeta-like sauce, topped with crispy breadcrumbs? Yes.I'll come back, but probably just for wine and snacks. The atmosphere is cool and the portions are generous. Thanks!
4	After seeing the hit-or-miss reviews about Napa, I wanted to wait a little bit to give them time to work out the kinks and get settled.  We visited on a Wednesday night, and the place was pretty full at 8 p.m.  The hostess greeted us immediately, marked our reservation and sat us at a table.  (I think booth is the way to go here since we felt a little on display at one of only four tables in the middle of all the booths.)  The structure is still the same as when it was Providence Cafe, but they've lightened the place up with cream walls.  I've sadly never been to Napa, but it had the feel of a rustic yet classy vineyard house.  It took our waitress what felt like a loooong time to get to us, and as nice as she was, her approach was a little too... awkward?  eager?  However, the food was outstanding.  The house made sourdough bread with pomegranate butter was to die for.  Is it wrong to eat butter with a spoon?  We got the cheese plate to start, and it was fine - three cheeses with some honey, marmalade, etc.  For dinner, I got the Pork Pizza, and I'm pretty sure there aren't enough adjectives to describe how delicious it was.  I'm a big fan of roasted red peppers and caramelized onions, and these were phenomenal.  The pizza crust was fresh, and I could taste just the right amount of olive oil.  Fella got the pork sliders (we're big on the pig), and he said they were even better than he expected, which is high praise coming from him.I also have to mention their magical water glasses.  They appeared to be hammered copper/silver, and for as much water as I poured in them from the bottle they leave on the table, my glass never seemed full... and yet, I never ran out of water.  And sadly, I didn't have any wine, so I'm pretty sure that's not why I thought they were magical.All in all, a solid experience, and we'll definitely be back!
4	My wife and I went to Napa on Providence for a friends birthday, so we went with a pretty large group. This really gave Napa the opportunity to shine from a service standpoint and they did. The water glasses were always filled, the service was pretty fast considering that we were a large group and the people.The food was great and very well priced for what it was. Being that it was Sunday before 2:00 my wife and I ordered off of the brunch menu. She ordered the Napa Benedict, and I ordered the Herb Fried Chicken and Waffles. My wife's Benedict was amazing, the eggs were poached to perfection, and the hollandaise sauce tasted amazing. The herb fried chicken was to die for. It really was some of the best friend chicken I have had in my life. It was crunchy, moist, and very flavorful. The waffles were great as well. My only complaint was that I do not believe that there was enough syrup provided for the waffles. Now to the one down part about the meal, the drinks. Although the drinks did taste great, they were almost your typical drinks that you can get at other Charlotte restaurants. My wife and I both started with pomegranate mimosas, they were what you would expect from a mimosa. After one I switched to a beer and had a big boss beer which comes from a brewery in Raleigh which I am very familiar with. The beer was exactly what I would expect from the beer. I have had it several times before having went to college in Raleigh. The biggest problem with the drinks though is their price. For what you get the drinks are very over priced. My beer was $7, the most I have ever seen this beer charged for anywhere else was $4, and the mimosa's were $8 a piece. Really expensive when you think that at other places in Charlotte bottomless mimosa's are $10. I know that it isn't a fancy one like a pomegranate mimosa, but still, the mimosa was not that impressive. Other drinks that were on their menu had a higher cost than the food. I under stand a great wine costing that much but the drinks that were $10 or more I just didn't understand. Overall the experience was great and I loved the food. I am very likely to return to Napa again, but probably not likely to drink there.
2	I LOVE a good brunch!  I've been anxious to try Napa on Providence since they took over Providence Cafe.  Being seated 5 minutes before the magical "noon" alcohol time on Sunday, we were anxious to get our bloody marys.  At 12:15 the waiter's asst delivered water, but still no bloody marys or my friend's coffee.  Finally got them and the bloody mary was DISAPPOINTING!!  Not remotely spicy even though the waiter's asst asked specifically if we wanted regular or spicy.  After a few sips, I just couldn't take it so I asked to have a fresh one made, this one with some spice.  The second one was slightly better, but still not good.  I ordered the eggs benedict minus ham.  It was just that, eggs benedict without ham, nothing fancy or gourmet, nothing more than I could've made at home.  My friend got the proshetta hash (some kind of diced pork tenderloin) and she said it was ok but she left hungry.  My other friend got the margherita pizza which she said was good.  I wouldn't request to go back, but would be willing to give them a second chance if a friend said she wanted to go.  Disappointing!!!
3	Food average, service average, wine price 3x retail store, I believe in under promise and over deliver. Napa gives below expectations. 1/2 of our group said they won 't last 3 months. Nuff said.
3	Walking in I felt the hostess was underdressed for the price/atmosphere of the place... black bra, light colored tshirt skinny jeans and boots. The bar staff wore maroon button down shirts/khakis and the servers green button downs/khakis... again felt a little casusal. The bar area was nice, I left the colors a little light, I think if they brought in more dark tones it would make it more cozy and wine-bar like.We ordered 3 small plates: meatballs on polenta cakes, crab/lobster cakes and mozz cheese balls. The crab/lobster cakes were amazing... lots of crab/lobster and super fresh taste.. was served with some weird veggie salad thing. The fried mozz cheese was really tasty, the meatballs were eh... the polenta cakes were a little mushy and the meatballs were stuffed with mozz cheese and were ok, I wouldnt order again in lieu of trying something else. The service was very slow... when we got our food nobody came back to check on us... after we finished eating the server cleared our plates and never brought the check, we sat a good 10 minutes before he came back. It was also hot in there... the a/c wasnt on and I dont think the heat was either... had to go outside and cool off while waiting for the check.I read some previous reviews and it appears they have taken what people said to heart - the bread is fresh baked, the mozz fresh made in house and the menu denotes where the food is comming from... the server was very knowledgeable and seemed excited about the food.I would go back again for their happy hour (5-7) but dont think I would go back for dinner.... the prices are high (7$ a beer for a local beer, I had a local beer today for $2.50 at Midwood Smokehouse) and the food was decent but there was still no wow factor.
3	Great service, but almost too personal. My waiter shook my hand upon introduction, asked my name, and continued to call me by my first name throughout my entire dining experience. All of the food was delicious, from the complimentary bread (with pomegranate butter) to the dessert (Chocolate Pie with a graham cracker crust). Overall, I had a positive experience, but I found it overpriced for what I got. Would think twice before going again.
2	Over rated! I can't  believe I need reservations for this place. The food was good, but not great, especially for what I had to pay. Plus, my napkin smelled like old socks, or a wet dog. My expectations were very hi going to this place.
4	Had an early dinner tonight because we were going to Beethoven's 9th at 8 pm. Our first time here. Love the look of the place.  Dined outside in a very tastefully done area. Started with a Caesar and their mozzarella stuffed meatballs over polenta. Salad was ok, nothing really special. Meatballs were different and tasty. We easy ordered the red snapper special with spinach gnocchi. Mine was perfectly done. My wife's not so much. It was under done and very tough. Sent it back. The dish was redone withe the same result. One more time and it was perfect.  Seemed the several cuts of snapper were bad. The GM was very gracious and apologetic and made things right by coming the entree and around of drinks.  We will go back. One area for improvement is the basing of tables. A large party just finished dining and each plate was being scraped right next to our table. It was like being at a wedding. A better approach would have been to clear the plates and scrape them off in the kitchen.  I believe Napa has a lot to offer and intend to see it all.
5	I am very particular about going to newer concepts however I was pleasantly surprised when visiting Napa.  I have been twice in 2 weeks and that almost never happens!  The first time I selected one of their pizzas (wild mushroom and artichoke) and for the price I was quite pleased. The second time I was a little for hungry so I ordered the short ribs.  This was an awesome choice.  I've heard a few hit or miss reviews about this place so i figured I'd give it a couple months and this was a wise choice.  Napa is definitely improving and climbing up my list as a local fave.
5	5-7 happy hour Monday - FridayWhat time was my reservation? 7pm. What time did my friends arrive? After 7pm. Sooooo, with that being said, I missed the happy hour that I wish I had known existed! Next time though... next time... yes, I would recommend dining at Napa again. The venue was cute and I liked the nice touches throughout the restaurant and decor. They have copper mugs for the water. Very cute. Call me simple but I like that. LOL. It reminded me of how some places make moscow mules in copper mugs. Anyway, they were hosting a community group in the bar and patio area so it was really loud in the back where we were seated initially, but they accommodated our request and moved us to the front room which blocked out most of the noise. If you read this review and still don't order the Clam Linguini, shame on you. It was absolutely delicious! It wasn't heavy like pasta dishes can be and it was perfectly prepared and seasoned. I remember reading on the menu that there was sausage in it but let me tell you... it's house-made sausage and I would have the chef over to make it at MY house anytime. It was that good! True story, one of my friends had already eaten dinner before meeting us (don't ask me why!) and after just one bite of my food she straight up asked for an order of her own. Yup, she kept on eating (well she had half of it boxed to go) but still. My point is that it was yummy! Two thumbs up for Napa.
4	Had an early dinner tonight because we were going to Beethoven's 9th at 8 pm. Our first time here. Love the look of the place.  Dined outside in a very tastefully done area. Started with a Caesar and their mozzarella stuffed meatballs over polenta. Salad was ok, nothing really special. Meatballs were different and tasty. We easy ordered the red snapper special with spinach gnocchi. Mine was perfectly done. My wife's not so much. It was under done and very tough. Sent it back. The dish was redone withe the same result. One more time and it was perfect.  Seemed the several cuts of snapper were bad. The GM was very gracious and apologetic and made things right by coming the entree and around of drinks.  We will go back. One area for improvement is the basing of tables. A large party just finished dining and each plate was being scraped right next to our table. It was like being at a wedding. A better approach would have been to clear the plates and scrape them off in the kitchen.  I believe Napa has a lot to offer and intend to see it all.
4	I really enjoyed the Sunday brunch and outdoor atmosphere.  The menu was limited but the selections offered were delicious.
3	I  visited Napa on Providence for lunch with a fairly decent sized group. We were immediately greeted and seated. The service was great and the restaurant was really cute. I loved the decor. The food was just OK. The bread and butter they serve was delicious but my main course was a little disappointing. The prices are also a little high for just OK food.I would possibly go back and maybe try something different.
1	Well....My daughters and I decided to try out a new place. I wish we hadn't .My Pinot Noir was great. One of my daughters had a pizza and it was tasty. The problem we had was the Napa Short Ribs were good but came with a long hair on the plate.I pointed this out to the waiter and she was very apologetic. She removed the plate and offered to bring out the same entree. Manager came by and was very sorry to hear about the stray hair.I was very disappointed that they did not comp my daughters meal.....Or at least offer to comp a portion of the meal in a situation like this.
5	This place is fantastic. Great food, Great wine, awesome happy hour and an enthusiastic staff. Read the negative reviews carefully.They are insane. Lets focus on what's really important at a restaurant....if you are looking for a great meal and atmosphere you will find both here.
3	Had lunch today June14th., around 130 pm. Dined outside, it's lovely. Had chicken salad, wife had shrimp salad. Both were ok, nothing to rave about. Flavors were fine, portion size rather small. Delicious cocktails, pomegranate mojito was very good, but on the pricey side.
3	Had lunch today. Very nice welcome from the hostess. Our server Ryan did a fine job. Started with wild mushroom soup; robust and tasty. Out of today's quiche, so frittata was suggested as substitute. It was good. My buttermilk chicken salad was very tasty; 2 issues: too much pancetta and the chicken breast portion had a lot of connective tissue. It didn't seem like a chicken cutlet was used.
5	I drove 95 minutes for a meal so good I can only describe it as divine. The staff is great, very helpful and full of tips. Sunday brunch is amazing.   Bottomless mimosas, fried chicken and waffles, the most wonderful parfait & frittata were second to none. Tried the mozz stuffed meatballs from their regular menu and it was magnificent on top of the polenta. Gotta try it!!Great atmosphere, great outside seating, and beautifully located in a tranquil area.Def worth spreading the word about. Also check out their water glasses.... Copper and stainless steel : )
3	Nice lunch, a bit pricey.The decor is modern and very attractive; the place attracts a mixed-age crowd for lunch and is probably so popular for dinner and socializing that its large parking lot is full most evenings. The pricing is from moderate to expensive.Our meal began with bread accompanied by a delicious pomegranate butter. My wife's salmon caesar salad and my spaghetti entrees were tasty and attractively presented. Lunch for two plus two glasses of wine was $50; the single small meatball I added to my order of spaghetti cost an extra $3.00.Service was friendly and attentive without being overbearing. However, the waiter failed to inform us that our wines were from kegs, not bottles, a trend that is spreading across the country because it saves money for vintners and restaurants--not for diners. The sauvignon blanc my wife had was so good we would like to buy more of it but a 20 liter keg is a bit much for just the two of us. My less expensive cabernet sauvignon was OK but a bit too tannic before it had a chance to breathe for awhile. A few wines are served old-style from open bottles, while still others are served from an automated preservation and pouring system that is supposed to keep a bottle fresh for up to 60 days (perhaps my rough-edged cab came from a bottle that was on its 59th day).There were only two negative elements, neither of which would keep us from coming back again. Indoors virtually every surface (walls, floors, windows, ceiling) is hard and reflects the overly-loud sound of the piped-in music and the chatter and clatter of the diners and staff. There is outdoor seating that is a bit quieter, though with some road noise, a choice that is of course dependent on good weather. The other criticism has to do with serving drinking water in metal goblets, which for some people can convey a slightly bitter or metallic taste that interferes with enjoying the meal and wine. Happily, even though most of the wines come from kegs or preserver/dispensers, they are served in real glasses so there is no added metal taste as with the water goblets. Bottom line:  We look forward to coming back some day.
2	The old Providence Cafe finally has a refreshed interior as well as menu. Have tried this place two times, neither anything to write home about. The service is sub-par. No attention to detail and generally doesn't even get the basics (long wait to be greeted and get water at the table: salad plates linger after entrees arrive; server unsure how to answer some basic questions on the menu etc.). A nice spot for a change of pace but at this price you may consider other options after one shot.
4	Had brunch at bar.  Amazing service which is becoming rare in Charlotte.  Bartender was busy so hostess brought menus and manager took drink order.  Food always good and great atmosphere
5	Had lunch here yesterday. Food was excellent. The restaurant is such a great looking place but the service was just top notch. From the hostess to the bar tender, these people cared about the customer. I will be heading back at Napa soon.
3	I was here for a work Christmas lunch and we were able to sample quite a few items off of the menu and I believe they deserve a solid 3 stars.  The food in theory all sounded amazing but I just don't feel like the execution was all it could have been.  Nothing was completely repulsive and nothing will encourage me to return.  It was just an "OK" experience all around.We started with a few of their flatbread/pizzas.  The crust was thin and the flavor was bland.  There were a couple thin slices of onion and pebbles of chicken on the flavorless toasted bread.  There was no sauce and the cheese was plastic in texture and taste.Next came the calamari.  It was an asian inspired calamari which doesn't seem to go well together but it was pretty decent.  I mean, let's be honest.  It was fried dough with a sweet and sour sauce dumped on it.  Of course it was good.  But in terms of real-deal, fresh calamari...it isn't even in the game.Next up--mozzerella stuffed meatballs.  I was excited about this one but was let down.  The meat was tender and seasoned well but it didn't taste like ground beef.  In fact I would almost suggest it was a turkey or chicken meatball.  There was very little sauce so that was disappointing and the cheese in the center was so minimal that it probably shouldn't even be mentioned.  They were just okay.For my main meal I ordered the special.  It was scallops on top of red pepper risotto.  The scallops seemed to be fresh, nice and tender and didn't require much seasoning.  The risotto wasn't really risotto...it was orzo pasta but the red pepper flavoring was done well and besides the fact I was expecting traditional risotto, it was pretty good.A couple co-workers ordered chicken sandwiches and one ordered the filet mignon burger.  I've never heard of that but it certainly has potential to be good.  She seemed to be enjoying it.  For dessert we tried quite a few items.  They had a creme brulee trio (chocoate, vanilla and peppermint), eggnog cheesecake, double chocolate cake, and red velvet cupcakes.  The vanilla and chocolate creme brulee were fine--good, not great.  I didn't even try the peppermint custard because that just sounded gross.  The eggnog cheesecake was festive and truly tasted like eggnog which I thought was pretty good.  The double chocolate cake was more like a mousse and it was served cold, which I hate.  I prefer warm and serve it with ice cream please!  We were given the back room for the "party" and that fit the 10 of us quite nicely.  I also think the patio with the lounge furniture and heat lamps is lovely.  It would certainly be nice to hang out there during the warmer months when they offer live music.All in all I think this place has some good to offer but nothing great that I could see.  I feel like they try to offer 5 star dishes at a 5 star price but with a 3 star budget.  Nothing was done exceptionally well and nothing was necessarly memorable.  It was all Ok.
2	Good bar scene, food was real salty. The chef must not have tasted any of the food, or he would not have served.
4	Service was amazing....Best Wine selection I have seen!!
4	Great ambiance, great food and great service! Glad a girlfriend told me about this hidden gem. Ordered my entree but wasn't sure what wine to order so the bartender offered a few samplings before I decided! We will definitely be back!
5	We went here for dinner for a friend's birthday and as part of Charlotte Restaurant Week. We had reservations at 7pm and showed up early for a drink at the bar first. The bar staff promptly served us! Right at 7pm our table was ready. At the table, our waitress, Allison, was fantastic! Very attentive and great personality. My wife and I both ordered off the Queens Feast menu. She ordered the steak and was even able to substitute her sides. I ordered the grouper. Everything was excellent. The manager stopped by twice to check on us! Great food, great staff, great time! Definitely will be coming back again.
4	I drive past Napa on a regular basis, but didn't realize what a great restaurant was nestled off the intersection of Providence and Queens.  Our party of two dined during restaurant week and were surprised to obtain reservations just an our or so before our arrival.  We were immediately seated - directly across from the open kitchen - good for watching the action, but poor in the fact that there was lots of foot traffic and was somewhat loud.  The warm loaf of bread with pomegranate butter was a great starter while we perused the menu.  I simply can't resist hot bread and butter!  Appetizers included the kale salad (great portion size!) and mussles (can't beat the sauce to dip the bread into).  Entree selections included grouper and the pork chop.  Both were good portion sizes, nice and hot (nothing I hate more than food that's been sitting out), and incredibly tasty.  For dessert, we split a chocolate cake with mousse-like icing and a lemon panna cotta.  Both were in great contrast to each other, but by far my favorite was the candied lemon peel and mint syrup with the panna cotta.  Napa truly does restaurant week perfectly - not sacrificing portion size or quality for price.  I'll definitely be back!
4	More like a 3.2, but rounding up to 4 due to the good-looking hh/bar scene. (Self included!)Stopped by Friday following Restaurant Week.  Really neat looking place, and one of few, if any, places that have wine on tap.  Wine on tap is legit.Mozarella Stuffed Meatballs - This dish gets a :}  The meatballs were pretty good, but it was served with POLENTA as well.  "POLENTA" is in caps, because there was way too much of it.  Conversely, "Stuffed" is an exaggeration.  This dish would get a normal :) but clearly there's an abundance of POLENTA dripping down my face; hence the :}  Margherita Pizza - This pizza gets a :[  Maybe it was our fault, and let it sit while eating and drinking and talking.  It wasn't all that great because it got cold pretty quick.  Average.Shrimp with Gnocchi - This dish gets a :\  Tried a little of the shrimp which was plump and fresh and joined in the flavors of the dish quite well.  The gnocchi was still dough and incredibly heavy because of it.  If only I didn't have to keep chewing my way through the gnocchi I would be smiling fully instead of the :\Really good ambiance.  A bit slow and a bit inaccurate on service, which is slightly disappointing bc we told the bartender to bring out the dishes as they're ready.  Instead, all the dishes came out at the same time.  Can tell meatballs should have been quicker given the guests nearby who ordered it as well.  If I'm in the area, I wouldn't mind coming back to grab happy hour.  dmo out.
4	I dined here for Valentine's day. I loved our waiter Eric! He had great personality and awesome recommendations. I really appreciated the wine list by the bottle, it provided a detailed description of the flavors of each wine. That made it easy to jump out of the box and explore. The food was exactly what I would expect from a Napa inspired restaurant. I loved the Napa salad! If you like kale, you must try it! They're oysters were awesome, I can't recall where they were from but they were a tad salty so use the lemon! I chose the seabass which came with a pomegranate puree . I ended the night with a creme brule'trio, vanilla, caramel and chocolate. Chocolate was my least favorite but I enjoyed it!!! This restaurant is farm to table so the menu varies seasonally. Overall, I would come back and try something different each time.
4	Fabulous Sunday brunch! So 3 friends and I last minuted wanted to do brunch together. We ended up here mainly due to 2 things: availability and bottomless mimosa. We're pretty simple foodies... online RSVP, skip the wait, get us a table, and hand over some solid drinks and good food and we'll be your biggest fans! That's essentially what Napa on Providence delivered.By the time I got there my friends were already seated. Promptly at noon waitress brought us our mimosas. $10 bottomless (they made the mistake of having $8 on the website, which the manager kindly honored) and they were solid: not too much OJ and the champagne was refreshing. There were alot of brunch items to choose from, along with the lunch menu. I opted for the duck confit benedict, while others had the chicken and waffle (ok, chicken breast instead of bone in), croque madame (very good), and pancetta hash & poached eggs (solid option as well). Notable observations onthe food: 1st, they did excellent with the poached eggs... yolks were runny and the whites were just cooked. 2nd, my duck confit was delish! 3rd, good portion, you definitely will not be leaving here hungry. Service was good as well, the waitress didn't leave us hanging for too long on our mimosas. However we did feel like for a "bottomless" option, there was an implied bottom when waitress said something along the line of bringing us a small (and last) refill.Napa on Providence was a pleasant surprised on the brunch visit. Definitely will be next time.
4	I've been to Napa twice for happy hour and was quite pleased both times! Happy hour features wine and appetizer specials that are absolutely delightful (I think the wine was $6 a glass). The first time I went I ordered one of their flatbread pizzas and shared it with a friend as a meal -it was filling without being too heavy and good to the last piece! The second time I went I shared 4 different appetizers with a friend (neither of us ate lunch that day and were starving). We loved everything we ordered, especially the shrimp gnocchi and oysters on the half shell; we pretty much licked our plates clean. I sat at the bar both times and received excellent service from the bartenders.Napa gets my vote as a great place to have a girls' night!  I've heard they have an excellent brunch, I'll be giving that a try next & may be upping my rating to 5 stars!
5	This is a letter I sent to the manager at Napa.  Great food, experience, atmosphere..... A must try!Hello Jamaar, I wanted to let you know about the wonderful experience my friends and I received at your restaurant the other weekend.  We chose Napa for my birthday dinner and it was such a delight.  We had reservations and naturally, there were several members of the party that were running a few minutes late.  We early arrivers decided to wait and have a drink at the bar while the others were arriving. While there, John was a gracious bartender and so attentive.  He brought out a lovely cheese plate. I mentioned that we had not ordered the cheese plate and he stated that it was complimentary.  Minutes later, he brought out an oyster plate.  I asked him if he knew that we were dining because of my birthday and he replied, "No." I told him how appreciative and thankful we were even without knowing it was my special night.      What great service!  I simply want to applaud your staff for a fantastic evening.  The dinner after our bar experience went just as well.
4	Just had lunch at Napa and it has greatly improved since my last visit. In fact it may even deserve a fifth star. The service is perfect, it sounds stupid and maybe it is, but even the water tasted great (ice cold and clear). I had their buttermilk chicken salad; dressing delicious and ditto for the greens and chicken. The bread was tasty. I am definitely adding them to my list of go to places for lunch.
5	SO GOOD!!Talk about a hidden heaven, this place is to die for! The wine list is HUGE and you can have tastings, half glasses, one glass or by the bottle. The food is fantastic - I had the grilled hanger steak salad - YUMM!! Our server, Katrina, was wonderful at helping us pick out and recommending different cheeses and meats when ordering the Charcuterie (which also had the most amazing granola/honey on it). I could tell from her upbeat personality that she was a passionate foodie just like me! She took excellent care of us and told us all about the brunch they offer on the weekends too!Attending on a Wednesday night also allowed us the pleasant sounds of a live band, Stella's fellas, while we enjoyed our dinner. Best Tip about this place: The location is on a dead end street, meaning it's a tucked away and there is outdoor seating with very little traffic - its peaceful and quite. I DO NOT RECOMMEND BRINGING CHILDREN HERE.
4	The mussels were awesome.  The sauce is so good with bread for dipping. Great patio space for a sunny afternoon with a glass of wine. The style of this place is so cute. I love the real Napa Valley and have been many times - so this is a great little spot that makes you feel like you are in the wine country.The pasta dishes are good and the salads are fresh. Relaxing place to meet the girls or for a romantic date.
5	The perfect spot for date night or just a great dining experience.  The menu is seasonal and changes from time to time but there is always one appealing dish.  The atmosphere is my most favorite part of the overall experience.  Service is usually top notch.  I would strongly recommend reservations during peak dining hours or days.  If just in town for a few night this spot is a must visit.
5	Took the wife to napa on providence.  It was great...although a little hard to find but it's worth it.Started with mozzarella stuffed meatballs....yum.from there, the wife and I split gnocchi which was also nicefinished with a pizza/flatbread.  Cheese was freshWife had a salad but the star was the wine on tap.  They have about 8 wines served from the keg.  Unique experience.not too pricey...worth the searchparking a little tricky they say when it gets busy
5	To be perfectly honest, I had written this place off a while ago after they first opened, due to so-so yelp reviews. Went for drinks and apps tonight, and everything was delicious. Great cocktail options (including infused vodka/tequila), great wine selections (on tap!) - tried the pork belly, summer vegetable pizza, and the bruschetta - they were all sooooo good! AND they have a drink/food happy hour from 5-7. Can't wait to go back!
4	A group of 10 of us tried this place for the first time last night for restaurant week and we all enjoyed everything!  The main hits of the group were the hanger steak,  shrimp gnocchi,  beet salad, bone in pork chop and the cheesecake.  The service was wonderful as well. They do have a cute little outdoor seating area which I would like to go back for.Because of restaurant week we tried this place and because of all the good food and service they now have 10 more people that will be customers. Thanks restaurant week and Napa on providence!
4	A group of girls and I went for dinner for restaurant week. Three courses and a glass of wine was included for $30!  Total steal if you ask me. For my first course I chose the beet salad which was very tasty. Second course I got the hanger steak and oh my goodness it was yummy! They had four options for dessert so we each got one so we could try them all. None of them were short of amazing!!! Couldn't have asked for a better dining experience there.
5	Perfect Date Spot!  Hidden gem in Charlotte with amazing wine and food. Great to try during restaurant week.  Salads are refreshing, especially the Roasted Beets Salad.  The steak and risotto entree was the best!  The chocolate trifle cake was delicious.  Definitely returning to this place soon.
5	I came here with a good friend of mine for restaurant week and I am so happy we got a last minute reservation on a Friday night. It was AMAZING!! We loved every minute of it. The decor and the ambiance of the restaurant was great. It would be perfect for a date night. We sat in front of the kitchen and it wasn't loud or distracting at all. Our server, Emily was great. She gave us suggestions on the wine and wasn't too overwhelming checking in on us. We each got different meals which was good because we got to try each other's and let me tell you, nothing was a disappointment. The meal came with a glass of wine (PLUS!) I ordered the mussels-they were decent..a good amount for one person, she got the roasted beet salad. For our entrees I ordered the grilled hanger steak and it was cooked perfectly. It came on top of a bed of saffron risotto. It was good, but a bit too salty for me, which was fine because I could give the leftovers to my salt-loving boyfriend. My friend got the smoked chicken florentine which came with spinach gnocchi and sundried tomatoes. It was delicious. For dessert I got the chocolate lasagna (pretty much a chocolate torte) and she got the blackberry shortcake. It was superb. I will definitely be back to visit this place, the servers were sweet, there wasn't a wait, and the food was great.
4	I went for brunch. The restaurant itself is really beautiful and And has an outdoor patio. The food is reasonably priced and tasty. Not the best I've ever had, but good. The service was excellent as well. Unlimited mimosas are $10!
5	Last night was my first time going to Napa on Providence and it definitely won't be my last.First, the restaurant was beautiful.  We started with the calamari, I had the mushroom soup (which was a special last night) and the waiter even brought my boyfriend a seasonal salad just so he'd have a little something to eat while I had my soup.  For entrees -I had the grilled salmon and my boyfriend had the pork chop and both were delicious.  Cooked perfectly and seasoned beautifully.  Great wine selections and the service was impeccable.  I can't recommend this place enough, it was an amazing experience.  Thank you.
3	The is was my second time dining at Napa on Providence. The first was just after opening and I was not impressed. So it's been awhile and I was looking forward to giving it another try. They have a great happy hour selection of cocktails, wine and appetizers. Definitely a nice bar area. I am torn on my rating----hard to give 4 or 5 stars when they forgot to put in my food order. There was a party of 6 and something happened to my order, either not put in or the kitchen simply messed it up. Nt much fun to sit and watch the rest of the table eat most of theirs before I received mine. That being said, the pan seared duck I ordered was good. A friend ordered the scallops with risotto - it was really good. Also sampled the eggplant mash that came with someone else's salmon---good as well. They also brought me soup while I waited which was nice but I really couldn't eat it. I give the server and manager credit for trying to recover from my missing entree. They comped my dessert---olive oil lemon creme cake---delish!!!So all in all, I would return. Everyone seemed pleased with their food and drink selections.
3	I've been here 5 or 6 times (it's right by my house), so I feel like I can write a fair review of Napa.Service: inconsistent. Hosts are always great, but servers are really hit and miss. I've actually had better, more attentive service at times when it's busy than at times when it's not, which is sort of weird.Cocktails: fantastic. Their barrel-infused spirits are a must-try. Good mimosas and bloodys, too.Wine: meh. There are some okay choices, but the wine list doesn't blow me away.Food: decent. The poached eggs on the benedict have been way overdone both times I've tried it. The potatoes are awesome.Atmosphere: stellar. The patio is especially beautiful. Can be pretty loud when they have live music.If they upped the service and food game even just a little, I'd be here all the time.
4	They serve water in metal cups which was odd because it throws off your palate. For a place focused on the wine experience that's a faux pas.  Who wants the taste of metal on their mouth just before sipping a new glass of wine? Easily remedied though by an extra wine glass for water.The charcuterie didn't have as much variation in flavor between the different meats as I've experienced at other places.  I would give it three stars as an appetizer.  Needed a lot more bread crisps to go with it as well.  They gave us 6... You don't just eat it plain because it's so heavy.I had the filet and it was cooked perfectly.  The wine reduction was great.  French fries are also super tasty, a small portion that keeps you wanting more.  I wasn't crazy for the haricot vert but that's because I don't like undercooked green beans and they're always like that.  Our waitress raised my review a star.  Would definitely go back to try more on the menu because of the ambience and service was excellent from start to finish.
4	The outside of the place is so darn California-quaint you'll think you can see the Golden Gate Bridge in the back. A covered patio - featuring a guitarist when we went last Saturday night at 8:30pm - was packed with chatty wine-drinkers that looked so happy it seemed like were practicing for a commercial.Inside, the place is small and has a good mix of modern/spare/winery vibe. Our waitress (Shannon?) was GREAT - knowledgable, funny, casual but attendant. Go to her and tip her well. She's probably the best service person ice seen in Charlotte so far.The menu is very interesting. We had our choice of a variety of small plates, pizza, pasta, seafood, large plates, salads, etc. We chose a 6 piece charcuterie tasting which came on a beautiful slab of wood. A variety of house made cheeses along with some prosciutto, speck, bread triangles and - the best part - a few granola balls drizzled in local honey cuddling up to some glorious raspberries. Excellent.Our pizza was a short rib and Gorgonzola number but I had that vile cheese ejected and replaced with some goat cheese. Gorgonzola = ew. It was VERY flavorful. The mushrooms on it were roasted and the onions caramelized, the meat tender, the pizza part of it was thin and bubbled from their pizza oven. Delicious.Desserts were equally interesting. We had a ginger pannacotta that was as authentic as anything I ate in Japan. You don't really see hardcore ginger flavoring here and it was very good. And that was it.Yes, we split a charcuterie board, a small pizza and a dessert and we were stuffed PLUS there were leftovers. We always guess on the bill amount, He estimated $100, I thought it would be more like $70. It was $48 - and $22 of it was a glass of wine He had! It was hard to gauge what was ordered as it all came with such flair and big flavor that it felt like more food. :) Next time, we will sit outside at the covered patron, alongside the grape vines (nice touch!) with the other prosciutto-eating wine drinkers and enjoy the music, the evening, the company and that amazing granola.Or we try the brunch that Shannon raved about - she went on and on about the awesome offerings which all sounded so good. Plus, endless Mimosas are a very good thing.
5	Came in town for a conference and needed to find a restaurant with real food and a bar tv to watch the baseball game. Napa was recommended by our hotel. Wish we had known about it sooner. Food was delicious! We had the swordfish and pork chop and loved them. Best meal we had during our visit. And the staff was super friendly. Let us stay past closing while they cleaned so we could watch the game. Thanks, guys!
4	What a beautiful restaurant.   Patio seating was great.  Live music outside and our waiter Michael was the absolute best.   We had the soup of the day chicken and roasted. Potatoes and it was fabulous.   Hanger steak salad was good but would not get again.   Nutella cake over rich for one person to eat but a chocoholics paradise.
5	Went for apps and wine, shrimp pizza was outstanding. Also enjoyed meatballs, fries, and beef carpaccio. Sat outside around 530 on Saturday no rush and great weather. Like the larger cab glasses for the wine. Staff was friendly and checked with us consistently.
5	Katrina is AMAZING. She brought my mom and me a taste of the special from the kitchen (a delicious scallop on a bed of saffron risotto), was super pleasant and bubbly, and made sure we were well taken care of all evening. We ordered the marinated artichokes as an appetizer- delicious. Beet salad and napa salad- the kale in the napa salad was SO good. And prosciutto and fig pizza for our main dish. The pizza was large enough for us to split after our starters and such a unique, delicious combination. I can't wait to go back for brunch and also try their desserts soon!
2	I had a bad experience here and probably won't go back. I was on a date and that is the main reason I didn't complain to the waiter. The chicken and pasta dish I had was terrible. I guess when I saw mushrooms I should have thought it may have a marsala sauce or mushroom sauce but I asked for no mushrooms and it still tasted like mushrooms. It was really bad. The chicken was not fresh grilled chicken but more like it had been pulled from a rotisserie chicken. It had dark meat in it? The service was good but I just can't comprehend how you mess up a chicken and pasta dish. At a minimum, stay away from the Grilled (it was not grilled!) Chicken Fettuccine dish!
4	I have been to this place twice so far.  The atmosphere really does feel like California (in my opinion).  The first time I sat at the bar and had the bucatini - which was amazing.  Another amazing feature:  wine on tap!  Oh yes.  During my second experience, I went during the day and service was definitely lacking.  Our server disappeared for 20 minutes at a time.  As they say, when things are slow, servers sometimes slack off.  Even the people behind me were complaining about the service.  However, the $10 bottomless mimosas made up for this.  I had a pizza, which I did not really like.  It was a bit salty and it had sundried tomatoes on it - which I detest - and this was not mentioned on the menu.  Everyone else in my party really enjoyed their food.Wine list is great.  Menu is great.  Atmosphere is great.  Not much else to say.  I will be back at some point.
5	I haven't eaten here yet, but the drinks are wonderful. I always ask the staff which wine I should get, they know better than I do. I just describe what I'm in the mood for, and have never been disappointed. I also love their mixed drinks/cocktails, I've tasted quite a few and each was better than the next! I wish they would sell the copper mugs they serve water in, I'm obsessed!
5	Really enjoyed the food and staff. They have a great wine selection. Will be going back.
