5	The last time we were going to Oregano's the wait 45 minutes and that was to sit ouside....no way.  So my husband and myself went to NYPD pizza (just across the parking lot) instead.  The food and service is about 100% better than Oregano's.  We were greeted to a smile and the wait staff could not have done a better job. The food is very good and inexpensive.  Personally I loved the bruschetta (alot more than we got across the alley), the wings and we had the best pizza.  I will be going to NYPD Pizza instead of Oregano's from now on.
4	If you're ever in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area and you hear people talking about a fantastic Pizza place in town, just assume they are talking about NYPD and never mind about that other pretentious Bianco place. NYPD serves up some gigantic, cheesy, thin-crusted NY style pizzas.  These sizzling beauties are often large enough to fold or to eat with a fork/knife.  Their large pie for about $18 will feed 3 or 4 people.  Try the garlic cheese knots also.  Finally their salads are big enough to share. Bottom line, good pizza at good price.  Service is good and you'll never be emaciated from waiting 2 hours to be seated.
4	NYPD is the old standby.  Always consistent always good.  I recently had the Italian beef salad.  It was different, but good.  The wings, salads, meatballs and most importantly pizza are all good as well.  The service is always good.We have been going to NYPD since they opened their first restaurant on Via Linda ( it is now something else) .You will never go wrong at NYPD.
1	NYPD claims to taste like NY pizza because they use "Yonkers water" in their dough.  I grew up in Yonkers. My benchmark is Carlo's Pizza at the corner of Central Avenue and Tuckahoe Rd.  That is my neighborhood.  Yonkers wins the NY State water flavor championship on a yearly basis, so to make such a claim piqued my interest.   NYPD is some of the worst pizza I've ever had in my lifetime.  We ordered pizza with tomatoes on top.  When I picked up the pizza and brought it home, I realized that the tomatoes were stale.  Yes they gave me a refund, but anyplace that serves pizza with stale toppings isn't worth my time.  I've never eaten there since.If you want authentic NY Pizza forget NYPD and go to Ray's at the corner of Pima and Frank Lloyd Right.
4	I work right around the corner from this pizza joint. So we go there at least once a week. I am definately a pizza connoisseur so I will give this place ashout out!!! WOOT WOOT. The staff is always really friendly and they decor is also kinda clever, They also have a rooftop patio you can eat on that is cool if the weather permits. A fun fact, all the water used to make there dough comes from New York. I would call that going the extra mile for authenticity. I wouldn't go there if your party is larger then 5 or 6 as the place isn't that big. try it for lunch sometime, you wont be disappointed, and if you are I didn't recommend anything
4	Case File: NYPD PizzaStatus: UnsolvedWanted: Rogue "Pizzeria" Gang in the Southwestern United States. Last reported activity near Scottsdale, Arizona.Dossier: The Hideout- two floors- some sections of tile wall- built-in uniform flair taunting "amateurs" with the temerity to ask for takeout containers- busy but no wait at 6pm- a throng of people in the waiting area around 7:15pm- felt like Axel F should have been playing in the backgroundA well-designed disarming replica front of a NJ family pizzeria/restaurant. Dossier: The Expendable LackeyGarlic knots ($4, $5 with melted mozzarella):- too airy- too light on the garlicA dough distraction designed to lure the unsuspecting into the aforementioned ridicule.Dossier: The RingleaderA whole Sicilian pie shouldering on half of it the weight of roasted red peppers, mushrooms and spinach (~$22):- not too oily- not too thick to be unwieldy- thick enough to not buckle- solid marinara whose flavor held its own- crowned with the tabletop offerings of crushed red pepper, oregano and garlic- just right to achieve blissArmed and extremely dangerous. After two slices, I could not resist consuming a third, desperate to savor one last taste before returning to the desolate pizza celibacy that is the Seattle metropolitan area.
2	Thick pizza, ok service, and urban decor.FOODNo matter what you order, there will be plenty to go around. We order the thick pizza with an array of toppings. There was a little too much garlic on it for my liking. Because it was so thick, the dough didn't seem cooked all the way through. It's nice if you want to build your own pizza. They have a large selection of toppings. You can also get pasta, panini, etc. AMBIANCEThe setting reminds you of being in the NYC subway- creative urban decor, setting was a little crowded on a Saturday night. If you have a party of two, request a booth. The table we were sat at was really small and smashed into a corner. SERVICEOur server seemed a little distracted, though we overheard her say that she had worked there for 2 years- she still seemed somewhat inexperienced while attending to us.
1	It took me 30 minutes until my pizza was cool enough to put in my mouth without fear of scalding my tongue and rendering me mute. When I was able to safely eat my order it was very "meh". There's no real taste and it looks like they just pulled it out of a grease sauna.The interior looks like they gutted a Chompies and tried to fill it in a quarter of the space.The service was mediocre at best. For a place that small and with all the waiters going around, how hard is it to drop by the table more than twice?There's nothing really NY about this place. The rape scene with Harvey Keitel in Bad Lieutenant would've been a more enjoyable and a NY experience than eating at this place was.
4	I have been to NYPD a few times now, and have left happy each time.  The restaurant is a bit small, but the layout (with a small bar & a few tables upstairs) is fine if you don't have a large group.  The wait staff is laid back and friendly - attentive but not all over you, which I like.  The garlic knots with cheese are a great way to start a meal - golf ball sized twists of bread topped with melted mozzarella and served with marinara dipping sauce.  The thin crust pizzas are tasty with just the right amounts of cheese and sauce.  On a visit where I ventured away from pizza, I was very impressed by the shells florentine - large pasa shells filled with spinach & artichoke hearts, mixed with oh-so-melty cheese glorious cheese.   Have you noticed yet that I love CHEESE?  :)  Save room for the cookies & cream dessert - a freshly-baked chocolate chip cookie served topped with vanilla ice cream.  Mmmm...
4	Great pizza and great service, and oh so much more reasonable than that overhyped pizza place adjacent to this location.Nice NY thin crust with a good quality, milky mozzarella cheese.  Crust is like eating a fresh loaf of crusty french bread that I had in Europe.  Garlic knots are always just right with the dough that just seems to melt in your mouth.  Topping portions are just right, and they do a much better job with seating than the local competition.Only negative is I absolutely hate the name of this place.
1	Not a fan on NYPD and I'm from NY - this pizza is honestly NOTHING like NYC Pizza... Sorry - I have to be honest you know!
1	This place is the pits.  I  would imagine NYC pizza would taste like their pizza if it was mailed to them via ground shipping then microwaved. In other words, their pizza is horrible.  I also had wings.  They were red in the middle.  I asked the server what what was about and he said they were not raw, they are pre cooked and flash fried.  He also said the quality of the meat is also the reason it's red.  I wish he just told me they were raw.I should have known this place sucked when Oreganos next door has a hour wait and this crap hole has no one in it on a Saturday night.
1	This used to be THE go-to place for pizza when I was in Scottsdale on business, but sadly, no more. Previous good experiences have been overshadowed significantly. They offer Internet ordering where a specific pick-up time could be specified. They often run out of dough for the Sicilian deep-dish pizza (odd, that) so I had always ordered early for pick up around 7PM for a casual meeting with colleagues. On one trip I ordered a pizza around noon for pickup at 7. I arrived at 7 and was given the pizza. They opened the box at the darkened counter and it looked ok. When I got it back to our hotel I could see something was wrong. The pizza was hard as a plank of wood. It was completely dried out, shriveled and could only be cut with a saw. The work ticket still attached to the box revealed the mystery. They had actually made the pizza when it was ordered even though the ticket listed a 7PM pickup. The pizza then sat there for seven hours and was then sold to me. Not only was it inedible. It was probably dangerous.NYPD made it right. They refunded my money and gave me a gift certificate for another pizza. On my next trip, the pizza was better but the fresh Roma tomatoes I ordered were replaced by hard, dried tomatoes which had not been re-hydrated. Dried tomatoes can be great if re-hydrrated properly but that wasn't what I ordered and these were just dried strips thrown on, and way too many of them.I also noticed that the box kept getting smaller and the pizza inside no longer filled the shrinking box. Prices have remained relatively steady even though the economic mess but quality and portion size have gone to hell.Pizza expectations in Arizona have never been very high but NYPD was once a bright spot there. No longer.
5	Best sit down pizza place in AZ. love their sicilian. calzones are great too.
4	I had a date in January here with Jen.  We got the meat pizza, which was great.  I thought our date was pretty good, but wasn't quite up to the hype of our texting and online chatting.  She was very talkative and definitely an adventurous extrovert.  She lived in New York (Appropriate NYPD PIzza topic) for a few years to be close to theater, but moved back to Arizona because of lack of money.  It was another unsuccessful first date, not leading to a second date.  Overall, I recommend the pizza and the service was excellent.
4	So eight of my friends and I planned a night out on the town starting with Oregano's on Scottsdale Road and Shea. This plan changed as we all grew tired of waiting in the parking lot just to get seated! We waiting for 1 hour and 45 minutes! Now that's ridiculous! We love Oregano's pizza but when we are all starving and wanting to get our night started we decided to look elsewhere. We looked across the way and there we saw NYPD Pizza. We were ushered in 15 minutes later. The service was fast and great. The food was very yummy! We all chose different entrees and shared tastings.  OOOhhh.....Garlic Knots.....need I say more. Thanks to NYPD Pizza our night was soon back on track. To make things better we ran into such a nice man who was a total gentleman to us all. He even held the door open for all of us as we were leaving the restaurant. Who was he?. . . Charles Barkley. ( LOL...I know) Besides the whole Charles Barkley thing we would most defiantly go back and visit this NYPD Pizza. It's much better than waiting nearly 2 hours just to get seated.
2	Raw pizza sucks.  It sucks even more when the reason you ordered take out was so you don't have to turn the oven on and you end up getting raw pizza and now you have to turn the oven on anyway to get it cooked.When we called to let them know that our pizza was raw, they were kind enough to reverse the charge on our card and apologize for the mishap that was very nice and the reason I didn't give only one star.  I would have have been happy, MORE THAN HAPPY to pay the price and have an actual cooked pizza because even free raw pizza pisses me off on a Sunday night when I am dreading to cook. Raw in the terms of the crust still doughy and cheese not melted, even after placing it in the oven for a good 10/15 minutes, it was still doughy.  yuck.I like NYPD a lot though and I need to just stick with the Camelback location, they have never done me wrong.
1	As a NYC girl I have to say this is the first time I ever ordered from here and had delivery from the Surprise AZ Chain, and this will be the last time I ever order. I ordered baked Ziti and it was so dry and looked like they baked a whole pan of it and then take from the pan and Microwave it to heat it, The Ziti noodles were hard I ordered chicken wings as well I did not get any blue cheese dressing & Celery as I asked for and there Garlic Bread was definetely nuked, it is as hard as a Hardball you can not even chew it. what a waste of money. People who say this place is excellent must not be from NY...Sorry to write such a bad review but it is the truth...
1	Ordered two pizzas for our office: one full pizza with sausage, peppers, onions, pepperoni and olives and the other was a medium veggie pizza.The food not that great; it tasted like the pizza had been sitting in the car for a while. The sauce tasted bland and the crust was not crispy at all.  I felt like the pizza was frozen and re-heated up again. Also, it seemed like the vegetables were overcooked.I do not recommend this place to anyone.
3	This place has pizza just like they do in Queens, NY.  Original Traditional NY Pizza.  The Pizza is good if you like original NY Pizza thin crust if you are looking for something else besides Cheese pizza then this place is not for you.  Also I have never had anything delivered everything is dine in so no idea what delivery is like.  Also this place has terrible mac and cheese for children do not order it it is terrible just pasta with cheese melted on top nothing fancy actually terrible.  Also this place just got rid of their root beer so no root beer even though all the customers ask for it so the manager must not like customers much.  The wait staff is always changing and they are usually empty on Monday and Tuesday.  But they do have a full bar upstairs and a patio.  It is a little bit of NY in AZ.  enjoy the large cheese pizza dine in only;-)
1	I FUCKING LOVE PIZZA! The end.I try things over and over, sometimes when they suck too. Same is the case here. I keep trying this pizza and eveytime I just don't like it. I don't know what it is. Sauce = BlandCrust = Bland and did not pass the NY fold test, full on Tip Drip!!Truly they're better places than this in AZ. I don't want to mention them in this article but 3 or 4 come to mind.  P.S. This time when I tried the pizza I was swimming laps outside.....in the heat..... That makes me soooo hungry. Our friends ordered it and thats why I had it again. As hungry as I was I still no likey!!!
5	Forgettaboutit!  Reminds me of home in NYC!  Awesome pizza and Matt is the best!  Why would you go anywhere else to have pizza in Scottsdale?
5	The Pizza Blanco rocks my world!  I crave it!!!  THere is something special about the delicious ricotta with the other flavors.  I don't like it with spinach, but go for the tomato instead and have them add fresh basil.  SO delicious!  The salads are also great and the service has always been good.
2	Yikes! Where do I begin......Well it started off with my mom deciding we should order food from here to pick up for dinner. She called and ordered a large pizza: half plain/ half pineapple, 1 cheese calzone, and 1 order of garlic knots. The person on the phone told her to come pick it up in 30 minutes.30 minutes later we arrive at the restaurant and it is a zoo. I head inside to try to pick up the order and was told it would be a few more minutes. They gave me a cup for a complimentary small soda while I waited.Well, 1 complimentary small soda turned into 2 complimentary small sodas and a visit from my Mom who got tired of waiting in the car. Another 30 minutes had gone by and we were finally given our food. It was all cold by the time we got home and had to be re-heated.We chose this place because in past years, it was the only place to get a decent, NY style piece of pizza in Arizona. Well, now I'm not sure if there is a decent NY style piece of pizza in Arizona. The pizza was undercooked and covered in oil (took me 3 napkins to remove it). I took one bite and refused to eat any more of it. The garlic knots and calzone were decent but not decent enough to redeem this experience. I'll avoid pizza on my next vacation and just have a decent slice when I get back to NY!
3	Decent pizza but a bit overpriced.  I thought it  was better under the original owners.  There are a lot of different pizza places to choose from in Scottsdale and I'm not sure this place separates itself above the others to warrant more than 3 stars.   Worth a try but don't go out of your way.
2	i just moved here from Philadelphia where NY style pizza is on every corner by "the slice" not to mention an hour to NYC.  NYPD pizza is a very distant cousin to real NY pizza.  Even so this is not my complaint about this place.  i have gone here 4-5 times since i moved here 90 days ago.  They are unorganized, chaotic and completely uncustomer focused at the counter.  There always seems to be a high number of youthful employees congregated behind the counter with little actual customer activity going on.  So many times i have been asked if they could take my order, or how i can be helped only to be cut off to have the same person answer the phone.  what about the other 12 people standing behind you?  Can they answer the phone? are you guys on commission to sell the pizza?  lets talk about each time you tell me over the phone my pizza will be ready in 20 minutes and when i get there 20 minutes later i still wait another 20-30 minutes.No, thanks....i have had better pizza and better customer service.
3	Our Margherita pizza was pretty good. Caesar salads were better than most chain restaurants or pizza parlors. Service was friendly & prompt. Atmosphere was A-OK. Would we go back? Maybe so.  Overall it gets the Yelp "A-OK"  rating.
4	So the kids on Saturday decided they want to go to Oregano's, so when we arrived we were told it would be an hour and 15 minute wait so we decided we would go to NYPD in the same Parking lot..Pretty convienent for us :)We have been there before but it has been years....So we got right in and was met by Aimee our server she was very nice and told us about the special for the day, but we were there for pizza and I have forgotten what a great pie these guys make. My husband and I shared the Broklyn PIzza and the Kids they shared the kids meal with two slices..those things were huge and way more than one child can eat.The boys also had some garlic cheese knots to starts and those were pretty darn good as well, over all a great place for the kids and the pizza and of course they do a pretty good pizza cookie to, so if you are in the area it is well worth the visit. Side note I saw their lunch specials for the week days I will definently be going back for those...
4	I couldn't be more pleased to find NYPD near my new home in Scottsdale. Their pizza crust is thin and bubbly, and the ingredients are fresh. The fresh mozzarella is especially good. It's as close to Grimaldi's as I've gotten since I left New York. The staff is friendly. The beer is cold. Excellent.(By the way, in regards to all the hyperventilating about how every pizza place in New York is wonderful and that any attempt to make a pizza outside of metro New York is doomed, puhleeze. Most pizza joints in New York serve pretty average pie. Some are bad. Patsy's is great. But if you want consistently great pizza, go to Italy.)
2	My daughter and I are pizza aficianados and decided to try NYPD Pizza.  This was the closest location to us, so last Thursday, we ventured over.I ordered a 4-item special pizza with pepperoni, sausage, onion, and anchovies (all self-respecting Italians have anchovies on their pizza).  My daughter order a calzone.  It all went downhill from there.My daughter's calzone arrived burnt literally BLACK.  Complaining to the manager was an exercise in futility.  He was rude and dismissive.My pizza was pretty good, but expensive.  My daughter managed to scrape enough burned crust off her calzone to eat it.  She said it was otherwise OK, but had too much ricotta cheese.I want to note that the restaurant staff were friendly and cheerful.  But the manager soured the entire experience.  Apparently, the manager feels that they have more than enough customers, so engendering goodwill is not necessary. We will not be returning.  Red Devil Pizza is every bit as good, if not better - and they will bend over backwards to make good on anything that is wrong.
5	I have been eating at this place since it first opened and we could walk over from school at lunch. Recently returned to Scottsdale from being out of state for a few years and it is every bit as good as I remember. Sure it takes a little longer than other places and it costs a little bit more but that is the price you pay for a superior product.In the past I always went with my standard of pepperoni and mushrooms but recently I had their pesto pizza with chicken. Very very good. I always have a mental debate between nypd and grimaldis but I would say they are both on par. Will be back soon....
3	Eh, not impressed. I must be honest in saying that we ordered takeout, and thus by the time we ate it, the pizza was in that lukewarm, chewy-cheese state that is not desirable from any restaurant. But aside from that, the crust seemed stale and dry and the toppings somewhat flavorless. We created our own combination, which is the same one we create at all pizza restaurants to be able to compare. It had pesto, artichoke hearts, chicken, roasted red peppers, and black olives. The ingredients did not taste very fresh and were also lacking flavor. And to be honest, the pizza was very expensive. I know that's pretty standard when you are creating your own combination, but it seems more pricey than its competitors, which I think have much better pizza.
5	Best pizza in AZ hands down. My family has been going here for years and wouldn't bye pizza anywhere else. Zippilies are a must buy!
3	It's okay... Doesn't wow me but cures a pizza craving. It's walking distance from my house and that's why I do
4	I enjoy ordering from NYPD on a Monday or Tuesday night when the second pizza is half price. I order probably 2-3 times per month as the family enjoys getting together and chatting over a good meal with little clean up. Our deliveries always arrive earlier than the time quoted! The delivery drivers are polite and professional. The toppings have been correct all but one time and it has been so long since the foul up I can't honestly remember what was wrong. My husban and I are from NY and we love thier pizza. We used to be die hard Ray's fans, not anymore. Our favorites: plain cheese with extra cheese, pepperoni, sliced meatball (yum!) and ham with pineapple. We will continue to order on Monday/Tuesday for the cheap leftovers! Thanks NYPD!!
5	WOW!!  Great pizza!  Try the "Soho Salad" (yummy fresh salad on a thin crunchy pizza crust) or the "Prosciutto Perfecto".  Fantastic!  And the service is awesome!
2	Im giving this place two stars because I love the first location at 20th St & Highland.  That place was always great.  This place was pretty bad.. at least on this visit. We arrived to eat to see a packed parking lot. Many people were eating at Oregano's and we've always enjoyed NYPD.  As we walked in, we were seating pretty quickly.  Always a nice thing.Nice waitress came over, took our drink orders and we also ordered an appetizer and a salad.  Within 5min, both were out and we placed our pizza order.  In came more people to eat and we realized we were going to be waiting a long time.  The table next to us  who was seating long after us asked "I wonder what's taking so long?"  That's when my girlfriend informed me that we've been sitting here for nearly an hour before our pizza showed up.  I learned they were short staffed, but it would be nice to let your customers know that.  When the pizza finally came out, it was over cooked and wasnt great.  Ive always raved about NYPD having the best pizza in town.  Today (at least at this location), I was wrong.  It was far from it.
5	My Experience here is always so pleasant! i never have to wait long, the food always taste great, and things are in order and clean. I love having a good manager that will come up to you and greet you when you walk in the door. Thanks NYPD! we'll Be back!
4	We've eaten pizza in well over 100 countries, and many places in the USA.  I have to admit my surprise time after time, at the quality of NYPD's pizza.  Yep, they are a chain, but who cares when the pizza is pretty darned good every time you go there, and the service is great?
4	Thanks to Groupon we gave this location a try.  It's a little farther from our neighborhood than our regular NYPD Pizza location....but for a 50% off deal, we'll make the extra drive.  I'm happy to report that this location is as good as the our favorite on Raintree.We dined in and were seated upstairs near the bar.  It's pretty dark up there and it's more quiet than downstairs, which was jam packed with people dining in, plus all of the people picking up orders.  If you want more privacy, upstairs is the way to go.We ordered the Garlic Cheese Knots as an appetizer and the Brooklyn Family Pizza (Sausage, Pepperoni) and added Salami to it.  We like our Pizza well done and they know how to do that here...it came out perfectly.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nypd-pizza-scottsdale-3?select=CbOVy7I3aQgoyWfMOB-MeA#CbOVy7I3aQgoyWfMOB-MeAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nypd-pizza-scottsdale-3?select=s57CGAyhkoHxP4HNCkV31w#s57CGAyhkoHxP4HNCkV31wThe Garlic Cheese Knots are awesome too...and they're huge!  We didn't finish and took some home.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nypd-pizza-scottsdale-3?select=t2Aggx-ieV-t4q0bYEF0oQ#t2Aggx-ieV-t4q0bYEF0oQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nypd-pizza-scottsdale-3?select=47E9NV5DEGEsdI05U1hMdg#47E9NV5DEGEsdI05U1hMdgOur server was great too.  She took good care of us.Return Factor - 90%
1	Wow what a total disappointment here! I had a 1/2 hour wait at oreganos so I said I try Nypd next door! I tried their meat lovers pizza in 18 inch for 21.99 on menu.  It had mainly crust and could have been a 14 inch pie with the small amount of meat on it! A total ripoff no meat on meat lovers pie!  2 inches on each side had no meat. And for the same money I can get a 6 pound monster loaded at oreganos with enough meat to make 2 nypd meat lovers 18 inch pies at the same price point!The reason oreganos is always a wait is the food is great quality and huge in size every time! Fantastic customer service all things nypd neighbor is not.Nypd needs a lot of help here! I would not waste my hard earned money
4	This is one of my top two favorite traditional pizza places in Valley. I am partial to ricotta and salami or ricotta and breaded eggplant for toppings. The crust is thin enough to fold but thick enough to have some chew to it. And, whatever you do: start with the spinach artichoke dip! (It really could/should be a meal in itself but is sure to at least become a standard kick off for your table.)
4	You can't beat the lunch special. Salad, slice, and drink for under $7.
5	This is a great pizza place!! The pizza is really fresh and tastes amazing! The price is really reasonable too!
3	You get what you pay for.  It's cheap, yet very subpar compared to pizza joints in California.  No selection of condiments...no mercy.  The White Pizza is pretty good though.
5	Love the Brooklyn slice day or night. This company is so impressive with their toy drive for Cardon Children;s Medical Center. Thank you for helping kids in our community!
2	I've tried a few times. It's so close, and not as busy as Orgenos ( I know why) service is iffy. Had good had pretty bad.  I ask for pizza well done I don't consider it even done. I'd be afraid if it cooked normal.  2 stars because the garlic knots are usually pretty bomb (except the time they were cold) keep trying....
3	Good food with good service in a fairly dirty environment.We sat on the patio and the tables around us had old pizza sauce on them.  Got the plates and they had food on them. However,  the pizza was very good (we had the Brooklyn) and the garlic knots were delicious.  Would consider going back but I was fairly disappointed with the perceived cleanliness.
5	For this Buffalo, NY transplant; the Upstate-Style Wings and Cheese Pizza slices I got were the closest thing to flying into Buffalo and Manhattan, respectively! Good service and very legit food. Had a good local beer, NYPD Uptown Amber Ale, that is brewed specially for this restaurant. Boyfriend liked his meatball sub too.
4	I love pizza, and try pizza everywhere I go in my travels.  I have to say the NYPD pizza is my FAVORITE ny-style pizza anywhere outside of NY itself.The dough, sauce, cheese, and toppings all combine to form a sublime pizza experience that I can not stop eating until the pie is all gone.   Please keep in mind this is NY style pizza, so if you are a fan of thick crust, or pan pizza, then you can't complain when you go here and don't find it to your liking.   And by the way, NY pizza is not supposed to be loaded down with "6 lbs" of toppings!   I can not comment on the dine-in experience, since I only ever get take-out while I'm in town on business.  But I make a point to get a pie at NYPD every time I'm in town.
3	I go here fairly regularly for lunch and have always enjoyed the pizza slices and that is where the three stars comes from. I got takeout last night for dinner. Two small pizzas and they were not good. These are pizzas I have had in the past and they have been good, Vinny's favorite and the blanco pizza. This time, the pizza was tasteless. I don't know what happened, but I will definitely think twice before going again. I don't even want to eat the leftovers. Too bad, but there are other pizza places nearby.
1	Save your money and go to the freezer section of your local grocery store. Some of those are far tastier. You can call yourself NY all you want but no one in NY would ever eat this distasteful cardboard.
4	I went here with my date for Valentines, and the food was insanely good.  The apps were WAY more food than we could handle, but we had left overs which were also good for the next day. The service was ok.  Not anything to really mention positive or negative.  But it was Valentines day, so I understand it not being fantastic.
4	Really good pizza. Everything about it, the ingredients, just the right amount of sauce, the crust. All really good. Not the best I've ever had, but close.But...The garlic knots were decent, but not good. The salad was good, not great.The beer selection was decent.
5	I'm a huge fan of Nypd. Their pizza is really, but I would definitely ask for it well done so the crust comes a little crispy. Their delivery times are spot on. They save your information and know your past orders so it makes for a pretty easy ordering process. I'm a pretty decent tipper for a good delivery guy and I really like the guy with the mustache. He's very nice and even brought us a little card for a complimentary appetizer last night as a thank you. I highly recommend nypd for their food, but the customer service is what pushes them from a four to a five star  review for me.
5	Loved the pizza here.We've had the blanco, Brooklyn and the one with pineapple and ham. Brooklyn is my definite favorite. I find a lot of places are hit or miss with a white pizza, this one was pretty good though.As a beer lover, they had tasty beverages from one of our favorite local breweries Phoenix Ale Brewery. Great pairing!
5	The Al Capone Calzone is the best!!
3	I used to give this place 5 stars but it's gone down hill, based on my last 2 pizzas. I love their white pizza, but for whatever reason, the crust just has not been good. Too hard, like cardboard almost. The toppings are alright.. although they could be a bit more generous with their cheese. I still haven't had better pizza than this in AZ but I wish it was really good like it used to be.
5	I love NYPD Pizza, and last night we went, and there was a snafu, it happens.they had a HUGE rush all at once and were running behind.  What was impressive was way they handled it. The waiter was over checking on us, and making sure we had refills and that everything was okay. When the pizza came (it was only about 10 min more than usual) it was as GOOD as ever! NYPD never fails to please. Get the Big Kahuna and Garlic Knots...you wont be sad!
5	Love all of the food at nypd pizza. They have amazing gluten free pizza and delicious salads. The staff, including the delivery team is incredibly friendly and always smiling. It's great when staff is knowledgeable about their food especially because I am gluten free and not by choice. I find a lot of places think it's to be healthy and don't really understand what it means. Definitely recommend their gf pizza. One of my regular spots in Scottsdale.
2	The food is fantastic and up to par with any of the other NYPD restaurants. Unfortunately, my experience with the staff leaves much to be desired. During football season, Thursday night is pizza night. Our family has a ritual - the last one heading home picks up pizza and wings...usually, it's me. Straightforward, right? Upon walking in, I'm usually given the once over by staff at the podium, then I'm ignored for a few minutes while idle chit-chat and horsing around continues. It's usually a process to get our order paid for and in hand. The last straw was when I was dressed down in front of staff and other customers for asking if someone could help me. We wouldn't recommend going to this location. Save yourself some grief and head to the location down the road on Pima and Raintree (5 stars all the way!!). The Scottsdale Road team should take some lessons from the crew up there!
4	They do a pretty good job for Arizona for New York style pizza. Have a good lunch special for $6 includes two slices with any toppings and a drink. $6.90 out the door
5	Absolutely in Love with this place.it has such a great atmosphere and of course the cruelty free Veganizza, so delicious it worth trying.
5	Amazing pizza!!! Being from the east coast I have been dying for good food and I have finally found a pizza meeting my satisfaction. Love, love, love it!
4	I was going to give five until I tasted my friends eggplant parm, not what I would expect. The sauce was bland... But that aside, the pizza here brought me back to the East coast, same crust, they even bring in the water to make the dough. This is the pizza I know and love, bend in half and shove into mouth, trying not to burn off the skin on the roof of your mouth. I highly recommend this place to every one. Oh, and I tried their signature beer and that rocked as well.
5	We were looking for a good place to have a gluten free pizza. I called a couple area restaurants, which did not offer a gluten free crust. We stumbled upon this place, and were happy to find that it is absolutely delicious! My husband had the sausage pizza on a gluten free crust, and he said it's the best he's had. A lot of places tend to burn a gluten free crust, but this one was cooked perfectly. My daughter and I had a small pepperoni, and I couldn't believe how big it was! Generous sizes, delicious pizza, and friendly service. We left full and happy!
