3	People really love this place.  Stylish?  Yes.  Good prices?  Sort of, more expensive than I thought it would be.  It is good, but I wasn't blown away.  I thought it was rather average.  Maybe I just don't like Chinese food that much.  I actually think I prefer PF Changs.
3	Flo has managed to create a mini Chinese restaurant empire here in the Valley.  Maybe it's the funky atmosphere, maybe it's her personality ... it doesn't seem to have spawned from the food.  Although it's good, it's nothing spectacular... especially for the price.  But then again, where do you go for inspired gourmet Chinese that rises above the rest?
5	Second only to her other restaurant, Flo's Asian Kitchen, five miles down the road. I really wish she'd open a location closer to ASU, where I lived. Three of her four locations are all a stone's throw from one another, all in Scottsdale. They're all excellent, and all half an hour from where I live(d). The exception is the airport location, and don't even get me started on that mess...
4	After a lukewarm initial view of this mini-chain, I've become a believer.  The lunch menu and value can't be beat and the addition  of the happy hour (3-7/7 days a week; 1/2 of alcohol & apps) enters this place into the apres work happy hour rotation. Staff always meets expectations and the food quality is consistent.  The only possible knock (and this is REALLY nit-picking) is that the food is consistent in it's simplicity as well as quality.  Sometimes I wish they'd roll the dice and innovate the menu a little and introduce a few specials (I don't believe they offer any off the menu fare) or seasonal dishes. Strongly suggest trying this place if you haven't, and sit at the bar if you've only experienced the dining room.
4	great food, and fast friendly service.  We go there often and also get takeout.  It's definitely a go-to restaurant for guest in town or when we are in the mood for chinese.The only reason I can't give 5 stars is that I wish the menu was broader or more creative.  I end up ordering the same 2-3 things everytime.  Still one of our favorite places.
4	Disclaimer: My sister used to work here, so I have eaten my fair share of free food from this place, allowing me to taste more or less everything.Flo's has some of the best hot and sour soup I have ever had.  It is so good, it is a bad thing because I cannot eat it anywhere else without being disappointed.  Really.The food is all pretty good, nothing outstanding, nothing terrible.  I try and mix it up every time, so there is nothing that I prefer over anything else.  Take a stab at any thing.The happy hour here and at all Flo's places is pretty sweet, 1/2 off all appetizers, table or bar, and same with drinks.  It is hard to beat.The restrooms are nice private stalls, clean and stocked.  4 Flushes.
3	When she began opening up restaurants to compete with P.F. Chang's (so the rumor goes), it was a real reason to go, especially dinner hour.  Prices were really competative and food was good.  Now a few years later you might as well go to Chang's; you certainly will feel like you are paying for it.  There's no reason for a honey beef dish (deep-fried beef and sauce - that's it!) to be $13.  Yes it tasted good and yes they were quick, but I'll bet if you did some reasearch and took a few chances you'd find something similar in Mesa/Tempe/Chandler for half that or less.  Maybe even S. Scottsdale...Lunch and happy-hour will be the best options.  It still tastes great, you just feel like you are getting what you pay for.
3	Like Christopher H., I think Flo's. Well, I think Flo's kinda blows actually. Great open, modern room. Quick and friendly service. Affordable prices But the food? Bland and predictable. Kinda like network television. Or a Will Smith movie. I gave the extra third star to Christopher's 2 because when I lived at DC Ranch, it was uber convenient. Cuz once I was holed up at home after a long day at work, dining choice were slim pickins. One huge reason I'm happier living in CenPho. The Mongolian Beef and spring rolls were my usual. And if they were fantastic, merely thinking of them should get my glands to salivate. But alas. No salivating. No Flo's. Adios and Dim Sum.
3	I would give Flo's 3.5 stars if I could.Best brown rice I've had from a restaurant.  Consistently the hottest hostesses from lunch to dinner too.  Sometimes she has a really hot bartender girl too.  One of my favorite places for lunch - super fast service, and a lot of food for the money.  Also one of my regular places to bring home take-out from.  It's super-duper awesome Chinese take-out food.  That's not really saying a lot though.None of the food here, besides the rice, is really all that great.  The only thing I've ever had from Flo's that was gross, though, was the Teriyaki Chicken.  It smelled totally disgusting.  Everything else though - pretty good but not great.This particular Flo's is extremely ear-shatteringly loud when full.  Don't expect to carry on any sort of conversation in here at lunch.
4	Had a Great dinner at Flo's tonight, Fried brown rice, non-breaded orange chicken, cashew chicken, lettuce wraps, tofu and vegetables and spring rolls.  Love the contemporary atmosphere.
5	Great stuff, we went during happy hour.  I couldn't believe the prices at the end of the day.  The only problem was the salt and pepper chicken didn't have any salt.  Probably some snowbird complained that all the salt would raise his blood pressure.  $25 for two of us, both are over stuffed, and not oiled out. I am going back for sure.  Also I saw Flo.
4	I love this place! It's one of two Flo's within about five miles (the other is at the Scottsdale Promenade, and from what I understand the menu/focus is somewhat different).This one is at McDowell Mountain Village (same strip mall as an AJ's)  kind of a corporate hangout for people who work in the area, like myself. They've recently changed and expanded the menu a bit, and it includes more vegetarian options (yay!) I especially enjoy the Crispy Tofu and Vegetables. Each meals comes with a green salad with the world's most delicious dressing -- kind of spicy, kind of sweet. The wontons with dipping sauce are also delish. Service is quick and friendly. Parking can be an issue, and the place fills up fast during weekday lunch hours.
2	Its ok food. The portions are small especially for Chinese food.I think they actually pour oil directly on the dish. Ive never had food this oily. I do like that you can ask for extra won tons but they charge you .25 cents a won ton. Not very good, everything tastes the same.Im also not sure if they use any hydrogenated oils
4	You really can't go wrong with any of Flo's entrees and thus everything I've tasted was good, just not great.  I am grateful that it's nearby because it 'hits the spot' when my chinese food craving kicks in and you can find me there at least a couple times a week.  My food is usually carry-out, but I have to comment on the superior service everytime I've eaten there.  The servers are soooo attentive:  1) always checking to see if everything's okay 2) clearing empty plates 3) refilling beverages, etc...I'll admit I'm obsessed with the herbal vinegarette salad dressing.  I think it's the 'perfect' dressing to any salad and my only gripe is I wish it was sold it bottles.  I would buy it.  The fried wings appetizer is also tasty and they're perfectly fried and presented on a bed of chopped lettuce, onions, and jalapenos.  It's salty, spicy, crunchy, and there's alot of flavors going on.  $8 is pricey for 8 pieces, but it's worth going during HH when it's 1/2 off.Oh yeah, the sweet/sour soup is really good too.  $5 for a huge container is a great deal!3 stars for the food +1 for the service!
3	Flo's is good! Gourmet? Well, okay...I agree that it is predictable, but I enjoyed what I had (NO LIES!). Their brunch/lunch specials are sort of affordable. At least, the dishes are cheaper, eh? The Dan Dan noodles, crab rangoons (although I think they call them puffs here), and we got a spicy beef plate...I forgot the name. NERDS! It's not really authentic by any means, but it still filled me up and was tasty. There are these crispy won ton chips that they bring out, too. And a small salad. I know probably none of this is actually good for you -- health-wise, even the salad drenched in that orange dressing (which I personally really dug). Maybe it's just that I was really hungry when I went? Isn't that why you're supposed to go out to eat? To NOT be hungry at the end of it? Mmhmmm. Flo's. Comfort American-Chinese food. For me.
5	YUM! Everything is made fresh and they don't over cook the veggies.  They use a sauce in most of their dishes that is fabulous.  I take my visitors there and they say it is the best Chinese food ever.  Especially the hot and sour soup.  YUM! The service could improve.  When we do take out, it only takes 15 min.
5	This is the best of all Flo's restaurants.    It is probably one of our favorite places to eat in Scottsdale.    It isn't unusual to see Flo walking around the restaurant checking on the customers.   The menu is very reasonably priced and they have great lunch specials!   If you sign up for their email promotions, they have great deals on gift cards - 20% off and sometimes even 50% off.     If you haven't been here, definitely try it and it is well worth the wait if there is one.
5	Not only is this the best Flo's location, it's the best Chinese restaurant I've found in the city. In fact, it's the best Chinese restaurant I've found outside of San Francisco. The BEST hot and sour soup - the perfect balance of the spicy and sour elements. Everything is extremely fresh and they use high quality ingredients. The service is prompt and friendly, too, so Flo's is a great overall experience.
3	What makes Flo's worth the trip is the Happy hour.  You can fill up on appetizer goodies and have a beer or two for a reasonable amount.  The food is average and some of the appetizers are mislabeled if you have Chinese family and are accustomed to the food.  This is not really suprising or even important for a restaurant in the states since not many people would notice and if it's good then so what?  It does make it trickier if there are expectations to be met.Flo's is by no means authentic but some of the dishes are good for what they are and the ambiance is nice when it's not too loud.
4	Seriously the best Asian food I've ever had (granted, I've never been to Asia so I leave off one star for that, but still, it's amazing). This is the location to go to, the others aren't as good in my opinion. I have friends that come into town just to eat here. It's really worth the visit.
5	So I've eaten at Flo's three times this week and had to review it. I've been coming to Flo's for about three years now and have enjoyed the experience every time. I will say this though, its loud. It can make it difficult to hear and carry on a conversation especially if you have a big group.Nonetheless, the food is yummy and always comes out quick. I usually get the same thing, garlic chicken and I ask them to spice it up. I've gotten some friends hooked on it as well. The owner/manager is always walking around, not sure if her name is Ms Flo, but she is always asking patrons if everything is ok. My answer is always yes. Btw, you can order to go as well. There are several other Flo's around town but this one is by far my favorite. Oh its way cheap too.
4	Flo's is absolutely delicious! Their hot and sour soup is an absolute must, as are the lettuce wraps and cashew chicken! GREAT happy hour as well. Their wine list could use a little work though..
2	Most people seem to like it but not me.  It was not bad, just did not seem that special to me.
2	Went to Flo's tonight, we ordered hot and sour soup, which was very sour & not hot at all; crunchy tofu with veggies, which was ok, one of the highlights of the meal; veggie chow mein, which was tasteless; veggie fried rice was ok, nothing special; and moo shu chicken, which wasn't good. The majority of the meal was tasteless. There were 5 of us in total, and we paid $50 plus tip.
5	I've been coming here for years, and always enjoy my experience here. It's a great place to bring guests to enjoy great quality Chinese dishes. Also they have the best happy hour! 3-7 everyday!! half of their drinks and appetizers! Their appetizers are so good! My family loves them, the crab puffs are so good with the sweet and sour sauce (the best sweet sour sauce I've ever had), shrimp skewers gotta be my favorite! The shrimp is so juicy and the peanut sauce is such a nice pairing! My parents love coming here, their pricing also is so affordable! They have this lunch specials on Saturdays, anything that you can order in a lunch portion, is 5 dollars! Also comes with a side of rice, a side of salad with their amazing dressing!! and side of those yummy WT chips with the sweet sour sauces! The service has always been excellent, Flo's got the best crew! They made sure that everything is excellent and the owner and managers are friendly and helpful too! All of their dishes are so good, this is by far the best Chinese restaurant in America. You can do take outs too! I first came about 4 years ago with my family, and we were hooked! The kids always loves the sweet and sour chicken, and the chocolate won tons! right now I'm definitely in love with their cashew chicken! they have a great vegetarian menu too, and you can ask to have your food gluten free! I took one of my friend to try out the happy our there and she fell in love with the spring roll and also thought that the staff are all really good looking LOL. Over all, this place is definitely worth the visit, and it's a great experience. It's affordable, great quality, very customer friendly and definitely my favorite restaurant!
3	I walked in on Saturday night at about 9pm; the place was almost empty, but there were two well-dressed Asian ladies at the front desk - one looked like she was the manager or owner, the other maybe the hostess. They glanced up, but not long enough to acknowledge my presence.  I stood there, but they were busy discussing some administrative matter.  I stood there some more ... no 'we'll be with you in a moment', or similar.  Finally, the older 'manager'-like lady walked off - without so much as a smile or 'hello' or whatever and the younger lady greeted me and offered to seat me.  This extremely cold greeting was enough to cause me to walk out but it was late and I was hungry, so went forward with the meal.   The meal itself was not too great. The much-raved about hot-and-sour-soup was sour and sweet, without the slightest hint of 'hot'.  The serving was enormous - definitely a bargain - but after about 1/3rd of a bowl, I lost interest.   Then my main dish arrived - again, a generous serving, but - nothing special in the taste department.  The decor was 'clean and refreshing', and the music surprisingly mellow and enjoyable.  The older 'manager' lady paced around the place once in a while looking like the end of the world was upon her - maybe she received some bad news so I hate to ding her too badly for this, but - the mood of the place was awful. I will return and try some different dishes, and to see if this much recommended place can redeem itself; I'm willing to beleive this was a 'bad night'.  I'm giving it 3 stars in anticipation of better things to come...
5	So I went here for LUNCH on a SATURDAY while in town visiting friends and it was sooo good, for one their lunches on Saturdays are 5$ but even when not on special they are only 2$ more... and let me just say it was sooo delicious I shared about four dishes among 2 people and myself (we ate semi-light) my favorite of the 4 was the sweet and sour chicken it was very crisp light breading and juicy wonderful chicken... tone of the other members in my party enjoyed the egg plant chicken, and the other said she most enjoyed the pork fried rice so it is clear to say ALL the dishes were tasty. I would def. reccomend
4	The hot and sour soup is da bomb!  Seriously the best I've ever had.  It's full of tender shrimp and chopped green onions that give it some great freshness.  The large bowl that serves 4 people is only $5.  It's so good, I could eat the whole thing myself.  We were there with 6 people and all ordered different entrees.  Garlic chicken stir fry, Sweet & Sour Chicken, Lemon Pepper Chicken, General's Chicken (not spicey enough), Kung Pao Chicken (not spicey enough either).  The Garlic chicken stir fry was the best.  If you like spice, ask them to make your entree more spicy, as everything is pretty mild.  There is also a secret menu, so if you have some Chinese favorites that aren't on the menu, ask your server.  The chicken is very high quality and I believe all white meat.  I will go back for the soup and garlic chicken stir fry, and get more recommendations from the servers.  This will definitely be my go-to Chinese restaurant.
4	I have eaten here before on several occasions, but its been a while since I dined in at Flos.  I like it here, though its typical chinese food.  Lovely menu, cool decor, service was okay.  I would come here again.I split a dish with a friend was hanging out with.  Sweet and Sour chicken was good, and my friends lo mein noodles were exceptionally tasty!!!  yummy.  Great place for first dates, places to take parents while they are visiting here, or just a nicer dinner out then the usual. :-)
4	Flo's lunch deal is good bargain. The dishes are usually around 7$ and come with a salad with a tasty dressing and bowl of won tons with a nice orange dipping sauce. I usually order the Teriyaki bowl and they now have the option of white or brown rice. It is enough food that I can only eat half of it and bring the rest home for dinner. I enjoy the ultra quick water refills as well. You can't beat the lunch deal I recommend it highly! Only complaint is that it can get a bit noisy when it's packed and it's usually packed!
2	This place turned to crap.  I remember when it first opened I loved this place.  I thought it was the best Chinese Food in town.  Flo took so much pride into her recipes.  I am not sure what went wrong.I can't speak for all the servers there, but ours was terrible.  No personality just a freaking robot.  She came up to the table to greet us by saying "Are you ready to order"  How about some drinks lady?  I can get by with horrible service if the food is good, but the food was lousy.We ordered chicken lettuce cups, 2 different types of soup and 2 entrees.  They tried to bring the soup out first but I asked them if we could get our app first.  The chicken that came with the lettuce cups was just the fatty pieces of the chicken they don't used with the entree, but all minced up.  The texture was gross and the flavor was bland.  The soups were the only reason this review got 2 stars.  Pretty good.  Wife had wonton soup and I had seafood shelfish soup.  The entrees sucked.  We shared Crispy Spicy Chicken which was more like Soggy Salty Chicken and the Orange Beef which was decent but soggy which made it not as good.  The server never came by again therefore I went the whole meal without anything to drink.For sure we will not be coming back anytime soon.  I am not sure why this place stays busy, it's not worth my time.  If I wasn't so hungry, I would have returned the entrees and app.
3	Love their lunch here. It's an excellent value. You get crispy won ton's, salad, and an entree for $7-$9. It's quite a bit of food so I always take some left overs back with me. However, it is always really loud an crowed here. Parking can also be a nightmare in this lot. It's a small shopping center with a couple of popular stores/restaurants (well it doesn't look like there's much else but apaprtments/condos/houses in this immediate area) and minimal parking.  And it's pointless to make reservations here for large groups here. We've had issues a couple of times. Most recently we had a business lunch here a few weeks ago and called and confirmed our party of 14 twice and when we got there on the day of our reservations they acted completely clueless. And because it was during a busy lunch time it took them awhile to get some tables together to seat us.
4	This is probably the best kinda of, fancier then normal, chain Chinese place I have been to that I can remember.  It is way better then Pei Wai and I guess better then P.F. Chang's.  Although, I can't really say that since it has been a while since i have eaten there...So, i would suggest going to Flo's your self and YOU tell me if it's better the P.F. Chang's.  Also, there lunch is WAY cheap, less then $30 for 3 people!!!Why I didn't give it 5 Stars.  1st time I have been there.  Parking wasn't very good at all.  We had to drive around the small lot a couple times.  People were parking in the fire zone.
1	Ive eaten here twice and I dont think Ill ever eat here again. I ordered the lettuce wraps and the food smelled like horrible BO. It made me so nauseous I couldnt even eat it. The salad is decent but I still cant get over that smell!
1	The fact that this place is so crowded at lunchtime just confirms my suspicion that most Scottsdale residents have more money than taste.  This place is aggressively mediocre and proud of it.  You could get better Chinese at Applebee's for a lot less money.  I had to load on the soy sauce and chili oil just to make my lunch have any taste at all, and even then it tasted like mildly spiced dishwater.  Pretty bad when even your chili oil lacks flavor and authenticity.
4	The place to get Chinese food in the McDowell Mountain ranch area. This place is usually pretty busy. We have been happy with every dish we have gotten there. The hot and sour soup is very good and the spring rolls are awesome.
3	First timer..found via the Urban Spoon App. Service was excellent, Im going to say that right off the bat. The rush had come and gone and by the time we sat down it was 5 til 7pm. We didnt even know about the HH that was about to expire but our server let us know we had 5 minutes left and told us the HH deals ..which was a nice surprise since she could have said nothing and we would have been none the wiser. My date and I were chatting up a storm and the server was great she just kept checking on us but wasnt hovering or rushing us to place our order. We started with the pan fried pot stickers and they were excellent, no complaints. I ordered the spicy cinnamon shrimp.. just because it seemed so unique and it was great. The texture was great, not soggy. I just couldnt really tell if it was spicy because I was 2 cherry vodka/diet cokes in.. but the cinnamon was apparent..you could taste it on the inhale.. when you take a bite, but no cinnamon taste left behind. It was like a magic trick in your mouth.. lolI would definitely go back to try other dishes not even a question that needs an answer.
5	One of the managers at my job decided to treat us to Flo's for lunch yesterday. I practically did cartwheels in my aisle because a) I was determined to eat out on my Friday and b) I love Flo's. I can't recall if anything I have eaten there was subpar. I ordered the Pepper Bacon Shrimp which is mixed with tomatos, cabbage, and bacon. With this you can choose between white or brown rice, and it comes with their house salad. The dressing is spicy and unique. They also bring out wontons with a sweet and sour sauce. Between those and my affinity for chips and salsa, I will never have a six pack. Anyhoo, service there is speedy without you feeling rushed. That place runs like a well-oiled machine. It is nice when you go during your lunch hour because you are in and out within the hour, usually. My husband says their Mongolian Beef is the best he has ever had and since he comes from the Seattle with plenty of Asian food, I believe him. There lunches are on average $7-9. Not bad considering the amount of food you get. I can usually make a second meal with my leftovers. I wish they would bring a Flo's down to Central Phoenix so I could have it more often.
5	I'm giving this five fat stars because I'd get fat if I still lived in Arizona and was subjected to the close proximity of this restaurant to my apartment.  And job.  I can't remember other things on the menu, other than the Pad Thai.  I'm not sure if Pad Thai is Thai (makes sense that it would be), but I see it at non-fusion Chinese restaurants, often.  Anyway, I don't care about authenticity when something is this spectacularly good.I am very afraid of flying.I had to fly back and forth from Phoenix to Burbank (Los Angeles area) once per month for work.I needed comfort when I stepped off the plane, regardless of if it had only been a one hour and five minute flight.I'd make a beeline here after getting back to Arizona.Yummy Pad Thai.  I miss you so much.You were my friend and comfort against the horrors and fears of the scorpion enemies.  Wide, flat (but short) noodles.. slightly curled..  chicken, egg, sprouts, and other good-tasting things.  I would usually get my order to-go, but the seating area seems cool, too.  Service was also great..  to-go order always ready to go..  price was right.You know that feeling you get in the deepest parts of your gums and jaw..  that tingling thing that begins the process of salivation?  It's happening now.  They're heeeeeere!
4	I'm not sure if I really know what good Chinese food is... It seems like all my favorite places growing up were soooo delicious. Now I end up at Flo's with coworkers about every other week and really do like it. Maybe it's the comfort of the food? Who knows.I ate nothing but kung pao the first few times I came here because I loved it. I decided to experiment with the menu a little and so far the pad Thai and twice cooked pork are also delicious. So, either they make good food or I am easily pleased with salty meaty saucy woked food... Hmmm maybe a little of both. Flo's EXCELS at getting people in and out and I love that as well. The portions are also perfect for lunch and usually under $10 including tip.
5	The best Chinese I have ever had. I live in the Bay Area of California and have a lot of options when it comes to Chinese. Quite often, we will pop up to Chinatown in "the City" for some Dim Sum, but there are the other kinds of Chinese restaurants closer to us that we have tried. None of these have ever come even close to tasting as good as Flo's. We think of it often and wish we were picking up some. Whenever on vacation we make sure to stop by here a least a few times. I see the mixed reviews below and have to wonder. I don't know if it's their tastebuds, or perhaps there are different chefs on different days (and we've just always got the best one), or if we just happen to order the best stuff on the menu, but we have no complaints at all and we can't wait to go back. I HIGHLY recommend the Twice-Cooked Pork. MMMMM
4	Of all of the Flo's restaurants in the Valley, the McDowell Mountain Village location is my favorite. It's located on the northeast corner in the same plaza as AJ's, so parking can be a bit trying during peak eating times.I've never been disappointed with the food at Flo's. It's easily the best affordable Chinese food here and even rivals some of the best places in the Bay area. My personal favorite is the lemon pepper chicken, which is delicately tart. The kung pao is also pretty fantastic. No matter where you go on the menu, it's hard to go wrong here.One of the best things about Flo's is that you can substitute tofu into any of the menu items, or ratchet up the spiciness with no fuss by the staff. It's refreshing that they're so accommodating.Prices are normally pretty reasonable, especially given what you're getting. Dinner is in the $10-15 range for the most part. However, on Saturdays, Flo's runs a crazy lunch special from noon to three: $5 lunch! For five little Washingtons, you get a nommy house salad (with a tart herb dressing), crackalicious won tons and your choice of entree with rice. Even at lunch portions, it's still a good amount of food. I typically take half home with me. The rest of the week, most of the lunch menu is $7, which is still a steal. Happy hour (half priced drinks and appetizers) is on weekday afternoons from three to seven.There is typically a short wait for lunch at Flo's, but service is quick and efficient. The restaurant is always clean, and although it can get noisy at lunchtime, I have never found it difficult to carry on a conversation here.
4	Tonight was our first time trying Flo's. We arrived during happy hour so appetizers were half price and we ordered the crab puffs. I had the Kung "Pow" chicken and my husband had the orange chicken. We also had the chocolate won tons for dessert. I can't complain about the food. It was good. It was a large portion for the price and it was hot food. It was fine but unremakable. Didn't blow me away. What DID blow me away was the service. It was outstanding. Our bus boy was so great I gave him a tip. We were well taken care of and I would go back.
4	Great food and a great happy hour. Half price appetizers from 3-7. Kimmy is a great bartender and always there with a smile and there to serve. Good Job!!
5	I LOOOOOOOVE it here. I have never had a bad experience, even when they get really busy during lunch time, the service and the food are both delightful. It's one of my favorite lunch time spots and I never have to worry about trying something new because every time I have, it has been delicious.
5	Flo's is great. Quality ingredients, consistently good & well trained staff. Thanks Flo!
4	Seriously, this is one of the best Asian restaurants in the entire valley. Amazing service, quality, and portions at a very reasonable price. I have heard their happy hour is unbeatable too. I just moved to the hood and plan to make Flo's a regular stop. I also heard the owner is PF Chang's (Paul Flemming's) ex???
5	Have been to Flo's for over 7 years, the food is fresh, the servicefast and the prices fantastic, try their happy hour, Flo isan amazing women with the golden touch! love love love the food!
2	Not feeling Flo's at all, the staff was nice but the place is way too loud and the food isn't as good as the lunch time prices.
4	Okay, so I would still give you 5 stars based on the things that I have personally ordered, but today I took a bite of my better half's Dan Dan Noodles and wasn't terribly impressed. I ordered the Black Pepper Chicken and it was perfection...again. (easily one of my favorites there), but the Dan Dan Noodles were really blah. My suggestion...either make it as awesome as your other dishes, or take it off the menu, life is too short for you to have something sub-par on your impressive menu and it makes me sad that this was his first impression of your restaurant. *sniffle* *sigh* so I'm taking one star away.
4	Two wordsHAPPY HOUR
2	Flo's is nothing more than fast food Chinese with sit down dinning. Food is greasy and tastes of old burnt cooking oil. Sauces are all sugar based, no real flavor. Meats and vegetables are probably mass cooked, sit in bins soaking up the grease and getting stale, then tossed in the syrup when ordered. As for the happy hour appetizers - you get what you pay for- these are nothing more than food service frozen items.
3	My first Flo's experience as I do not live in this area. Pretty good Chinese. Not your typical east coast cantonese stuff. Black bean shrimp, beef & broccoli. beef wide noodle and soups were good. Fried rice is the white style fried rice so not my favorite. Really wanted to like the BBQ pork buns but was disappointed. Not white puffy dough but more like a jewish egg roll. I could deal with that but just was not all that tasty.Pricey bot not outside normal Scottsdale prices.
2	Food just okay nothing special. As a lunch that is okay, for dinner NOT.The staff customer service is mixed. Been there twice and the hostess in the front was terrific, the bartender was cool, the waitress - oh no!
4	For the area, this is one of the better places to grab Chinese food from.  The starter salad has a great dressing on it that I always enjoy and the chips and sweet and sour dip are excellent.  Both get you ready for a good lunch.I generally stick with the orange chicken here because it is quite good.  Unlike other versions of orange chicken, the taste of the orange in the sauce is distinct and there are even chuncks of oranges on your plate.If I based my review on the food alone, I would give it a five.  However, the service here is, in my experiences, a bit weak.  The staff tend to take a nonchalante attitute and walk you to your seat and visit you occasionally.  I usually have to drag someone over for a refill of water or chips.  However, this has never just been outright awful, just weak.If you enjoy Chinese food, Flo's is definately worth a try.
5	Best Chinese food around.  Great Hot and Sour Soup, Shrimp Skewers, Kung Pao Scallops, it is is all yummy!
3	Pretty good Chinese food! We've been here a couple of times, and both times the food was good. They give you wontons and a salad right after you order, and the food we had as leftovers heated up very nicely! It tasted almost as good as the food did when it first came out.Great lunch prices!
5	I love happy hour!  They have half off appetizers that are delicious, hot and fresh.  One of my favorites are the buns filled with BBQ pork.  Their lettuce wraps are as good as PF Changs and their soups are delicious.
4	4/4/11: I've been enjoying food from Flo's since 1998. I get takeout because it is loud in restaurant. Spring rolls are my favorite appetizers - I get two orders so I can eat one on way home. I like various dishes especially when they are willing to cook off menu (like chicken with snow peas).  Subtracted one star for noisy atmosphere
4	ALWAYS enjoy this place even before it moved but... the noise is unbearable sometimes. can't even carry on a close conversation and it's definately NOT an intimate setting but.. the hot and sour soup... GREAT and the food has always been terrific. Pretty fast service and the prices pretty fair. Again, I'd give it 43 stars except for the noise. Better than their other locations too.
3	I dig it. The food was tasty but didn't blow me away. I had the beef and broccoli and the crispy noodles. The service was prompt and the food came out impressively fast even when the dining room was fairly full. It was pretty loud in there and I wish the music was turned down a few notches.
2	I had a take out of Cashew Chicken a few months ago since Flo's was on the way home from work, I believe it was in the $12 dollar range. I thought the meal had no real taste to it. I didn't even finish my meal, which is a rare occurence for me.I just don't get how the restaurant is always filled. There are much better Chinese food options around Scottsdale such as Ling & Louies or Asian Island to name a couple.Oh well, let the lemmings keep coming back for more, they just don't know any better.
3	I used to LOVE flo's... but I haven't been there in a few years, and this time it just wasn't as good as I remember it. The beef and broccoli was tasty, I definitely enjoyed that. The crispy noodles had a sauce that was way to salty for my taste. Service was good, it was way too loud and way too dark. I don't mean to sound like and old lady, but it was really dark. i usually like to be able to see what I'm eating... overall its fine but I wouldn't go out of my way to rush back.
2	We went there for dinner in April 2011. The dishes are hit and miss, and all are over priced. My wife ordered pad thai, and it was horrible. Instead of the traditional, flavorful dish with peanut and bean sprout, this dish at Flo's is just a salty, chicken noodle. My wife and I both took a bite, we had to send it back. It was not edible. Too salty. Only chicken and rice noodle. There was no peanut, no bean sprout, no pepper, no egg, no ..... Basically, it was NOT a pad thai at all. On the upside, my son ordered a sweet&sour chicken, and it was better than most places. They used fresh pineapples.Based on food quality, ambience, and dinner prices, I say there are tons of other places that are better.
4	I probably order food for pickup here once a month. It's consistently good.  The sweet and sour chicken and the pepper bacon shrimp are my favorites.  It's nice to see the owner here all the time keeping an eye on things.
3	Flo's is good, not great. Killer lunch specials on Saturdays, 5 bucks. It's loud in there, and the service is OK. Can't get too excited about this place, but it is right around the corner from where we live, the only bonus for me.
4	One of the more pleasant happy hour experiences in both food and drinks thus far. Pleased with the service, great atmosphere, and the Sweet and Sour Soup is amazing, any time of year!
5	Flo's chow mein is to-die-for.  Our family also likes the orange beef, lettuce wraps...can't remember a dish I don't like at Flo's.Flo is amazing - she is frequently in the restaurant making sure everything is great.  10 years ago she treated my birthday party to chocolate won-tons :)  Thanks, Flo!
4	Fav Chinese in Phoenix area!  Fast order/take out too.  Family always wants Flos when they visit.  I like very spicy and lots of veggies.
4	I usually just get take-out from this place, so I can't speak for an important factor - the service. Whenever I get take-out however, they have a good amount of food and doesn't take too long to be ready. Worth mentioning: The hot and sour soup is amazing. I would seriously get take-out just to get that soup. The mushrooms especially are phenomenal. Who would do shrooms when Flo has much better mushrooms in her soups? Ha!
4	I know everyone and their grandmother has already reviewed this place, so I will be quick.I love this place.Yes it is more "western" chinese.  But it is light years better than PF changs, or other chain type places.Every time we have been going we get something different from the menu and have yet to have anything less than a fantastic meal.It is also very affordable. Plenty of things on the menu for under $10 per plate.Me likey...
2	Let me start out by saying their food was decent. I had the sweet and sour chicken and I thought it was pretty good but nothing special. The reason for the 2 star review is their customer service. The other day I came into Flo's with 3 of my co-workers. We were greeted by a very kind hostess and immediately seated. We sat down and waited all of 30 seconds before our waiter came over and took our drink orders. He must have run to the kitchen and back because next thing we know, we all have drinks and he's taking our meal orders.I bet you are wondering where the problem is....just wait, this is where it gets good. From that point on the waiter never came back to our table. Someone else delivered the food, we had to flag down a different waiter when the entire table was waiting for a refill. Worst of all, I had to chase down our waiter to get our check so that we wouldn't be late getting back to work. I literally had to race after him (in heels might I add) and I followed him all the way to the kitchen and then grabbed him as soon as he exited.I've never been in a situation where I had to ask someone to bring us the check. Usually that's when the waiter is most on top of things. Food: 7/10Service: 2/10Will I come back? I think I'll give them another chance, but this better not be consistent behavior.
4	Soooo tasty! And the service is great, even when the restaurant is super busy. I love the salad before you get your order too (always free, and always included) - there's nothing better than sitting down to instant food rather than having to wait for your order of appetizers to arrive.
5	I dig this place. They give you a decent sized salad and these dangerous fried chips with a sweet sauce I pretty much drown anything I order in. The prices are great and they give you a decent amount of food. I don't go for the atmosphere because there really isn't one but the prices are cheap the food is good and the service is quick. They get a thumbs up.
5	*********Yes, the place is extremely NOISY**********Yes, way to many people involved in serving you.Yes, the Hot & Sour Soup, is to die for.Yes, I have never had a marginal meal, in nine years.Yes, I love to EAT AT FLO'S.
5	I've been going to Flo's for years.  Chinese food can be hit or miss.  We decided to give it a try one day when she had her old resturant across the street from where she is now.  The food was awesome.  It didn't take long before word caught on and she had to open a bigger place.    Her food at this location is excellent (although I've tried some of her resurants and they are not as good) and she is usually there working.  Lunch menu is a great value and so is happy hour.  It is always busy, so go early.  Never had a bad meal or experience.  The only negative, it gets very loud in the dining room.
1	Not fit for human being -- I ended up throw away all take out I've ordered.  Worst Chinese food I've ever seen.Yes I am Chinese.  Yes I've eaten both authentic as well as Americanized Chinese food; of which both can be good.  The food here is growse.... Yuk~
4	Flo's is the bomb-diggity. My family has known Flo since she was the cook at Eddie Chan's in Scottsdale. I loved that little hole in the wall Chinese restaurant and was sad when they closed and reopened in Cave Creek as an expensive up-scale place. But Flo's is still affordable. The portion sizes are good (I can't even eat a whole kids order of sweet & sour chicken) and they now have steamed bbq pork buns *drool*. The atmosphere is a little nerve-racking though. Maybe it's the bare floors and high ceilings but it always seems loud and chaotic there.
4	Flo's is my favorite place to get Chinese in the valley. This location, especially. I am not a fan of the one in the promenade...The hot and sour soup here is AH-MAY-ZING. Oh my mouth is watering just thinking about it. The broth. The pork. The shrimp. The mushrooms. Sooooo good. I hate when I order hot and sour soup from a restaurant and it tastes like salty beef broth with peas and carrots and those canned bamboo shoot things. I also hate when it's the consistency of jello. But Flo's is always perfect. Just the amount of spice and vinegar, the perfect thickness, perfect amount of egg that's actually stirred in correctly and not just giant globs... Their other dishes I've had are good too. The ingredients are fresh. Their noodle dishes are pretty basic tho, so if you like tons of ingredients, maybe don't get one. I however think they're delicious.My only real complaint about Flo's is the service. Everyone always seems extremely stressed out, from the hostesses to the servers. Maybe they need a few more employees? But it's not a big deal for me, I usually just get take out. Or lunch. And it's actually great for lunch, super fast, and fresh, and you totes get your money's worth!!
1	The stench of what was once Flo's and is now garbage hangs heavy in the air. I had the crispy tofu with mixed vegetables. Husband had shrimp pad Thai and BBQ pork slices. Tofu was not crisp, was a strange shade of dark brown, had a terrible wet/mushy/sponge like texture and the sauce in the dish was completely flavorless. The smell coming off this dish was somewhere between dirty dishwater and abandoned stairwell - funny that something with no flavor would generate such an aroma. BBQ pork was an experience that we do not wish to repeat, the meat quality was incredibly poor. Pad Thai had unusually large noodles, eggs had strange color, really didn't have that Thai flavor, shrimp were ok but by the time the dish was halfway done they were soggy. Even the rice was bad. Yikes.  I'm off to light a scented candle and see if there is anything in the fridge.
5	Tried there shrimp kabobs with peanut sauce and was pleasantly surprised, they are juicy and tasty critters!!! The Chicken pot-stickers are homemade and are the bomb with the zesty dipping sauce!!!!Flo you rock the House !!!
4	All those things that Chanel said. Plus lettuce wraps. ~food boner~
4	I love the food at Flo's but the parking and interior acoustics are dreadful. I know, I know, it's not Flo's fault that the parking is difficult, but Yelp is here to help others make educated dining decisions and I think the parking issue is relevant. So there you have it.
4	As far as I'm concerned, Flo's Chinese Restaurant can expand their mini dynasty into MY neighborhood!I'd heard largely good things about Flo's and decided to take it in, myself.  Surprise, surprise...it's in a strip mall, but a quaint one at that.  The interior is sorta (sub)urban-chic.  It's a mix of upscale and low-brow with linen table cloths and throwaway paper napkins.  Cool enough for adults, yet casual enough if you're bringing the kids.  I was fortunate in that unlike some other Yelpers, I had no trouble finding a parking spot and the decibel level was comfortable.The hostess was smiley and seated me right away.  The server and busboy (or is that bus man???) were quick to have ice water, crispy won tons with duck sauce and a complimentary side salad (iceburg, romaine, carrot slivers) on the table within seconds.  It's evident they are aware the lunch crowd may not have time for a long wait.  I didn't go crazy, sticking to a couple of "safe" options ordering the orange chicken with steamed white rice and the Triple Chocolate Mousse.  The dessert was pretty, but just OK for flavor and texture.  However, I have to say the chicken was fantastic; moist without too much batter!  I've had orange chicken at many other restaurants before and have been served lumps of fried dough with an indiscernible amount of actual chicken.  Not the case at Flo's!The portions were good and the prices very reasonable: just $7 for the lunchtime entree!  Next time I'll take advantage of the $5 special on a Saturday!
2	I've had better........from the frozen aisle at frys
5	I can still remember being at ASU more than a decade ago, and laughing late at night every time I saw a commercial for Flo's.  No matter what I was watching, somewhere between midnight and 3:00am it would air at least once.  A cheap, but somehow overly produced ad featuring an asian woman with a heavy accent introducing herself, and explaining why I should eat at her restaurant.  Yes, it's quite immature, but it led to a friend of mine and I becoming obsessed with trying Flo's on general principal.  And when we finally did, we were surprised to become big fans.All these years later, Flo's is still in the valley, still awesome, and still popular.  (for better or worse, the commercials are gone).  My girlfriend and I ordered takeout, and at 5:45 on a Friday, the place was slammed.  I'm not one to go by the adage that popular means good, but when a lot of valley residents are passing up the chains or a local spot, it's a positive sign.We had the lettuce cup (think PF Chang's lettuce wraps with a fresher taste), Kung pow chicken (holy crap this was good), beef and snow peas (also awesome).  The meats were all sliced, cooked, and sauced perfectly.  I have nothing bad to say about any of those dishes.Food is good.  Portions are good.  Prices are good.  The only negative is trying to park.  The strip mall this restaurant has very limited parking.  It can be a battle for a spot during peak lunch and dinner hours.  It's also very loud inside when it's busy, but that seems to be a trend nowadays, so I guess that makes Flo's a trendsetter.
4	The atmosphere is nice and modern, and you can smell all of the yummy Chinese food when you walk in. I especially love the Beef Chow Mein. The only thing I haven't liked is the Fried Rice, which just seems like white rice with veggies and meat thrown in. Great place for take-out!
5	I am definitely pro Flo's. Every lunch is accompanied by a generous helping of won ton chips, sweet and sour sauce and a fresh salad with miso dressing. My favorite dish is their [insert any meat here] low mein. It's exploding with flavor and they let you customize your order if you want chicken and beef. The service is always great. The servers and staff are ninjas, (yes, very appropriate) -- glasses of water appear before you look up from your menu and empty dishes disappear. Everyone who works there is always smiling and looking to help, even when they are serving half the city.Best of all, this weekend, we discovered the $5 lunch special on Saturdays. The line was out the door, but it was so so worth the wait. Every lunch special highlighted in red is just five dollars until 3:00. I was reunited with my de-lish lowmein for less than what I'd spend at Subway. Now that's something to smile about.
3	Flo's made me sad.Walking in, I was optimistic.  The restaurant was open and inviting, and the food smelled good.Perusing the menu I still optimistic.  The selection was decent, with some interesting choices.  Then I saw Spicy Malaysian chicken and I smiled.  For those of you that don't know, Malaysian food is one of my favorite things in the world.  I'd kill a man to get a decent Lemak dish.Chicken was ordered and our efficient server had the food out in no time.  My chicken looked...orange.  I'm not sure how else to say it.  It just didn't look all that spicy.Sadly, it didn't taste spicy either.  It tasted quite a bit like orange chicken, which is most assuredly NOT Malaysian in origin. Did I mention that it wasn't spicy?  So to sum up, the place is nice, the service is good and the food is kinda bland.  I'd eat here again, but I would order differently
1	Opting out from the noise and hustle of Flo's we called in a take-out order recently.  Arrived for pick-up as instructed in about 35 minutes.  As usual, the place was hopping when I arrived.  Transaction was completed quickly and I was out the door with my order.  All happy - until I got home and realized that my order was incomplete.  Rec'd only the appetizer & rice, but neither of the 2 main dishes I'd ordered.  Now I'm NOT happy. Called to inform Flo's of the problem, talked to a "manager".  She was snippy and basically told me it was my fault for walking out with only 1 bag when they had 2 for the order.  Yes, and how was I supposed to know that??  I requested credit back to my credit card, more discussion, finally she says "I'm not going to argue with you" and hung up.  Huh, what has this conversation been then?  Several days later I found my credit card had been credited back.  Hurray, I won't have to dispute the charge with my credit card company.Flo's - you screwed up and blamed it on me.  Your food isn't that great anyway and your attitude is worse.  Think about adding some customer service to your menu.  In the meantime I'll find another restaurant that actually wants my business.
5	I love Flo's. The lemon chicken and sweet and sour chicken are my favorite. They have a killer happy hour, lots of delicious choices, and take out. I like have chinese food that is fresh and delicious.
2	Do you believe in Yin and Yang? The ancient Asian philosophy suggesting polar opposites are interrelated? If you don't, then you best start believing in it if you're headed to Flo's.The manifestation of Yin and Yang is clearly present...like 'in your face' present when you're here. You'll see it from the moment you're seated, but you need to be observant...in tune...at one with the universe.Look around.Notice anything?Like the couple who was seated five minutes after you were. See how they're now eating something and enjoying their experience?And what's the opposite manifestation? Your Yin to their Yang?You guessed it. You're boiling mad, no beverage, food or server anywhere on the horizon.But don't be mad. Look for the zen in all of this.Try to think in terms of the great Yin and Yang. Calm yourself by reasoning how you and your date actually sacrificed your good time  in order for another couple to be laughing, joking, eating, and now, sipping cocktails as part of their good time.This is the great balance in life.Now you try.Go ahead..it's easy.  After dinner, when the bill comes, simply stiff the waiter on the tip.You'll be happy you did, and now, the waiter will be pissed off...just like you were throughout the dining experience.Yet another example of Yin and Yang.Beautiful, isn't it?Are you seeing the zen in all of this yet?Oh, and one more thing.Despite your poor service, you'll find the food is really quite delightful.Flo's really does provide the full Asian experience.Truly, the manifestation of Yin and Yang.Kudos Flo!
4	Great place to eat and the price is right!
5	Visited the place many times. The food is great. Some dishes are fantastic. Price is reasonable. Very good lunch deal. The place is noisy, but the food and service are great.
5	Always order take out and food us always delicious!!
5	I have been here many times and have always had good food and service.
4	I have to update my earlier review because I've become a regular of this place, and quite a fan!  This is still not your 'Bay Area' Chinese restaurant, but given the location and demographics, you aren't going to get that here in Scottsdale and I accept that now.  I've settled on several good dishes, and the place is always crowded and lively these days (I was new to the area back in July 2009 when I first visited - I guess I should be amazed that they were even still open at 9pm, at that time of the year!).  Several of the dishes are really enjoyable - the bacon / prawn dish is good, and the steamed fish with ginger is outstanding. I've started to explore a few of their "Thai" variants, and they seem to be doing a good job of those.  I love the fact that the place is always busy and lively (though the acoustics are a bit challenging, with shiny concrete floor, glass walls, hard-wooden chairs, etc - some hanging fabrics would help I'm sure ... ).
4	Flo's is awesome and always yummy. They start you with a salad with an amazing dressing and all the entrees I've had rock! If you like spicy order a side of there chili oil.
3	This place is always dependable.  The food is always good, the service is always a little lackluster but without blame as those guys and gals bust their backends considering how busy the place is, always and the prices are really fair, especially considering portion sizes and happy hour specials.It's a no frills experience, you go, you wait but you wait because the food is good and fresh and doesn't leave you hungry in an hour like many other Chinese restaurants.
4	Great lettuce wraps! I get the Thai ones, although the build your own Chinese ones are good too. The pad thai here is perfect, but the cinnamon shrimp is a must-try if you like cinnamon. They're not kidding, either, it is spicy, which isn't usually what you associate with cinnamon. The chile orange chicken is really good too. I get take-out from here and it's always good, although once or twice they've forgotten an extra order of sauce I asked for. In-restaurant service is very good.
5	I LOVE Flo's!!!!  They have great service, the food is delicious and well priced.  This is one of my favorite places to go for lunch or to take out of town guests.  I especially love their salad and their lettuce wraps.
5	I rarely take the time to write a review ...Especially a positive one ... But Flo's deserves a big thumbs up!Saturday lunches are only $5....Service was damn near 5 Star and the food is excellent!
4	Went for lunch after reading review.  Ordered take out - yellow curry chicken.  It was very solid.  Good amount of food and a good value.  I'd go back to try some other dishes.
5	Dear Flo, your sure know how to make a girl scarf her dinner! It's all because of your delicious Chinese cuisine that I just can't help but pile on my plate! How it took me this long to visit Flo's, I will never know. However, now that I've had a bite...err plateful of food, I will frequent this restaurant over and over again. Let me start with the atmosphere. This is North Scottsdale suburbs at its finest. You'll find a lot of families here eating, but there's also a bar with plenty of TVs that make it perfect for an Adult's Night Out as well. This is not a dive. No, this restaurant is decorated with trendy Asian decor. The staff is incredibly friendly as well. We went on a Thursday night in the middle of the summer, so I'm sure that can attest to the fact that we were able to sit down without a wait at 8:00 PM at night, but there's plenty of seating so I'm sure even a small wait doesn't last long. Now on to the blissful food. Two words: Katsu Chicken. I could eat the entire plate myself but I did share. It's breaded chicken that's so tender, you don't need a knife to cut it. The breaded chicken is bathed in a sweet Teriyaki sauce and sits upon a heap of egg fried rice. It's delightfully delicious upon every bite. So much so that I went back to seconds (and thirds). Secondly, the Sweet and Sour chicken. It's pretty much your standard Sweet & Sour chicken but it's good, tender and worth a second helping as well! Their lettuce wraps were juicy and a great starter. We didn't get dessert, but I noticed chocolate won tons and banana spring rolls which sounded pretty sensational as well! This is solid Asian dining and worth the visit if you're in the area (or even if you're not!)
4	Whether the food is good or bad, one has to appreciate a place where the owner all-too-conspicuously wanders about the dining area during peak times, visiting with the guests, monitoring the staff, and demonstrating her full control over the operation.I'm talking about Flo.On a recent visit, this was the case as we watched Flo monitor her staff and patrons, disappearing from site every now and again, I presume to monitor the kitchen staff. She was like an Asian dust-devil! The kung pao was a little too sweet for me, but to my delight, we also ordered the Vindaloo chicken....not so much vindaloo as curry, but the sauce was creamy and flavorful, making up for its lack of authenticity. Overall, both tasty dishes.During our visit, a server dropped some glassware, sending it into a thousand broken pieces. Flo was right there to monitor the cleanup and insure no-one stepped on the glass. I really appreciated the vigilance of Flo, as it demonstrates why she's been so successful....hard work and passion.Something you don't or practically never see in a chain restaurant or its staff. Kudos Flo.Beautiful recovery from prior visits, making you my current top choice for Chinese.
5	Flo's is our new happy hour spot!We stopped by on Friday night around 6p for dinner. To our surprise, their happy hour runs from 3-7p. Also to our surprise, it's a pretty amazing deal - 1/2 off all alcohol & apps!We ordered lettuce cups, wontons, spring rolls & a couple beers. The food was delicious & they were all large portions.Our total for 2 beers + 4 apps = $17. Flo made her presence known which I also found refreshing. Everyone was friendly & the food was top notch; you go girl!
5	This will always be my favorite Chinese Restaurant!  Hello, $5.00 lunches on Saturday's???  I AM IN!The service, food and ambiance is always great.  The waitstaff work their tails off to get your food out to you as fast as they can.  The salad dressing is made fresh everyday and is the best dressing I think I have ever had.
5	I love this place and it really is the only good Chinese restaurant in the area that's not super, super casual. (Asian Island is good but it is really casual). Their won ton soup is so amazing and delicious. It is huge for $5. LOVE this soup. I had the sweet and sour chicken and my boyfriend had the chicken katsu. The sweet and sour chicken was really good and "typical" flavors. The katsu was soo yummy I ate more of his than mine. I keep sneaking my fork onto the plate for some of that delicious rice. Katsu it is for me on our next trip to Flos.It would be nice if the restaurant wasn't so modern looking, I love the traditional Chinese food places. The atmosphere is still really nice though so I can't fault them too much.
2	Eh...so so.  Service was speedy but...they are running so fast they're doing sort of drive by service so you can't get their attention if you need something, and there were a number of things I would have asked for. Won ton soup made with water not broth.  Won tons weren't wrapped properly so they fell apart and veggies were far too crispy in the soup.  They didn't serve it in a proper little bowl with a Chinese soup spoon.  It was a regular old American soup spoon.  Not fun.  They wrapped the moo shu pork for you, and then gave you sauce to dip it in which takes all the fun out of wrapping it yourself.  The plum sauce was so salty it was not enjoyable.  I needed a gallon of water to drink after a few bites of that, but I couldn't get a server to stop running past my table.  No tea offered to start???    I saw a couple drinking tea out of coffee mugs.  That is just WRONG! at a Chinese restaurant.  I don't recommend Flo's.
4	Again, we enjoyed a nice lunch on a recent Saturday at Flo's.  The $5 lunch menu has to be the best deal in Scottsdale!
4	Came here with a girlfriend for happy hour on Friday, 8/17. The HH menu is half off all the appetizers on the main menu and half off all alcoholic beverages including wine, beer and the umbrella drinks. I really like the Chinese lettuce wraps (serves 2) which is regularly $7 but only $3.50 during HH. It's just as good as PF Chang's. I also liked the chicken wings which are breaded and deep fried. but not greasy I love the banana spring rolls for dessert (even though it was not half off). Only problem with this place is the noise level -- hard to hear other people amid the clanging of dishes and loud chatter. But for HH, can't beat it. And the service is always good.
3	Sweet & Sour chicken yummy!!!
3	We can't figure out why all of the rave reviews. We've been here several times with friends, and the best thing about the place isn't the unique food, but the unique decor. The food is O.K., but not outstanding. The lettuce wraps don't even come close to PF Chang's wraps, the chicken skewers with peanut sauce were overcooked - dry and chewy, the peanut sauce gloppy and thick, the chicken fried rice was not flavorful at all. The Mongolian beef was good.You can't beat half-off happy hour, though. Maybe that's why the place gets such rave reviews - after a few drinks, almost anything tastes good!
5	Was there on a very busy Friday night. We were seated immediately, and received very good and friendly service. We had the Thai chicken lettuce cups , Yellow Curry chicken, and Kung Pao chicken entrees. Food was flavorful, portions generous, and fellow diners were very pleasant. The owner (Flo) was circulating in the dining room, speaking to (classy casually fashionable to well-dressed customers) and graciously asking how their meals were. So nice to see restaurant ownership that sincerely CARES about their product and customers.Top-notch Friday night stop with a good happy hour and app specials, good for a Friday/Saturday night date, and I would highly recommend.
2	For the life of me, I cannot understand why everyone loves Flo's.  The only thing that this place appears to have going for it is the location.  In this neighborhood, they really are the only option for quick Asian food.  I've been stuck ordering food from here several times because my Starbucks of choice, jeweler, waxer, and nail place are all in this shopping center; when you only have 15 minutes in between appointments and you are starving, sometimes you just have to suck it up.  The service is horrible, especially at the bar.  The bartenders typically spend most of their time socializing with one another and other servers.  There have been a few times that a dirty glass from another patron (or an empty glass from me) have sat unnoticed and are only cleared or refilled after flagging someone down.  The food is a hit-or-miss experience.  It's either good or completely shameful (tending more towards the shameful).  The crab puffs are good, but only if you adore warm cream cheese with a few hints of fake crab.  The summer rolls have potential, but could be improved if they didn't put so much shredded iceberg lettuce inside.  Their idea of pho is a total joke.  The beef is well done strips of leather (not rare) and they use overcooked noodles that have no business being in pho.  Their pad thai is moosh and pretty sad (if you want excellent pad thai, you should try the Wild Thaiger--amazing!).  The final insult came when they started using spaghetti noodles in the Lo Mein.  They do offer a great deal on Saturdays ($5 lunch) but it reminds me of Nordstrom's Last Chance; yeah, the prices are stellar, but who cares if you can't find anything of quality?  The only reason they are getting two stars, instead of one, is because of the few appetizers that have been edible.  So, if you are stuck there because of a nail or wax appointment, go ahead and take a chance, but you will probably regret it.
2	Went for lunch after main rush was over at about 12:45. Place was half empty but got seated in far corner table.Service was terrible. The waitress appeared to want to be anywhere but there. Salad came and was swimming in dressing. Every table had won-tons but we were not served any. We had to ask and were served them part way through our main dish. My wife's orange chicken arrived and was cold, tasted like fish and was chewy. My entree arrived 10 minutes later. The Mongolian beef was chewy and poor quality. Wrong rice was brought and had to be exchanged for our ordered brown rice. We have eaten here many times and it was okay. Today was a radical departure for even classifying it as good. We won't be back. Flo's has gone way downhill and the service which was never stellar was terrible.
1	Disappointing dinner ~  I can't understand why there was such a long wait to get into this place.  My friend and I likely would have had a better meal over at AJ's.  The acoustics are horrendous - I had to scream at my friend the entire evening.  When we were finally seated, before we could even hang our purses on the back of our chairs, a server was there asking for our order.  Apparently, we were supposed to study the menu during our 40 minute wait.  Clearly wanting to get us in and out, our food arrived a little too quickly.  I had the Curry Vegetables - horrible - some of the veges were way under ripe (broccoli was more white than green) and undercooked (yes, I know they should be crunchy).  The sauce was bland.  Even the rice wasn't good - how does an Asian place screw up rice?  There were no seasonings/condiments on the table other than the obligatory Kikkoman's.  We were ignored until it was check time.  I know it was a busy Friday evening, but that doesn't mean service and food quality should go by the wayside.  Kudos to the owner for actually being there, although it's not really a shock she would like to show her face considering there's two large pictures of her right when you walk in the door.
5	Best sizzling rice soup and crab puffs anywhere! Love this place.
5	Best hot and sour soup we've ever had!  It's $5 and easily serves 2 big eaters.  We were there for lunch. Great service too!
4	We've been here several times since it is right down the street from where the husband and I work. We've also brought the in-laws here, since they really like Pei Wei. I would have to say that this place is similar to Pei Wei, but with way more varieties and less of a "chain" feel. When you dine here, you receive a salad with a tasty dressing and some wonton chips with sweet and sour sauce to start. Then you have many protein and vegetable options. When with the in-laws, we usually order way too much food, but it's all really tasty and makes good leftovers. The house fried rice is delicious - it comes with beef, chicken, and shrimp! The sweet and sour shrimp technically isn't on the menu, but they can bread anything and dunk it in sauce. S&S Shrimp is one of the father-in-law's favorite. The beef and broccoli is tasty - the broccoli tastes fresh and the beef is really tender. The sister-in-law and I really enjoy the beef teppanyaki - which is wide flour noodles with onions and beef. The sauce is delicious and again the beef is tender. The husband always orders a different dish, never deciding on just one favorite. On Saturdays, the lunch items are all $5, which is a great deal. If you are ever in the area, definitely give Flo's a try! You won't be disappointed.
1	I have tried this place about 6-8 times since moving here in 2002 because others rave about it, and I keep thinking it will be different but every time I seem to get something bland. Ordered some sort of peanut-spicy chicken thing and it was basically flavorless and the onions were raw. Are they in a hurry or something? "Chicken" tasted thin and rubbery. Place was SUPER noisy - do NOT go on a date there! Ling and Loiue's on Shea and 96th blows this place out of the water in every category.
5	My "go to" Chinese joint in North Scottsdale although my favorite dish is not Chinese! The Thai Tom Yum is as good as you can get and for only $6, an unheard of bargin with lots of big yummy  shrimp. My wife swears by the Sizzling Rice Soup and my teenage sons love EVERYTHING but especially the Katsu Chicken and of course Spring Rolls and anything Wontoned... Be sure to get an Oder of Flo's Special Fly Rice, it has all the proteins in it including the kind that quacks before it finds it's way into the wok!Xie Xie (sheh sheh)
5	Top notch
3	Takeout takes very long some times. I usually call to order the food so it would be ready for pickup. I went there when they told me it would be ready (about 30min from the call) and I ended up waiting another 30min there.Awesome $5 lunch special on Saturdays!
1	First, the good news. Good location, plenty of parking, nice staff.Unfortunately, the bad news. Worst Chinese food ever had. Every dish we had was worst than the prior dish. No further details needed. I honestly don't know how folks keep frequenting the place or perhaps it was a bad night there. I don't think every gave a one star rating before.In any event, won't be going there again and forewarning to others.
4	One of the cool perks of being a teacher is that I have really awesome, nice parents who take pity on me because I am pretty much stranded at school with my 35 minute lunch hour, and treat me to fabulous lunches on occasion. Because Flo's is close by I often have parents who treat me to Flo's. They have a really great lunch portion menu and their lunches come with a side salad and the crispy wonton chips. My (new) favorite dish is the Pine Nut Shrimp-absolutely delicious-one of my student's parents brought me this dish last week to celebrate the end of AIMS testing. I don't even mind that  the mere thought of salt makes me blow up like a puffer fish (let's face it-you can't really get away from sodium when it comes to Chinese food). The pine-nut shrimp and Flo's food in general is totally worth it!
4	Good food, I enjoyed it with my family, 4 person meal with drinks about $50. Service size is pretty decent.
4	Everybody in the North end of Scottsdale knows Flo's.  She's often in her restaurants talking to and help her patrons, she seems very dedicated to her menu and her guests dining experience.  There always seems to be something new on the menu, which is a great mix of all the Asian dishes and styles.  Which is what makes her menu so diverse. Whether it's Vietnamese, Thai, Indian, Mandarin, or Szechwan, Japanese or Korean, it all seems to be well represented.  It's hard to recommend any one thing, and I hate to be cliche' but her Lettuce Wraps seem to be the crispest, most flavorful I've had, a Must Have, no matter what else is ordered. I don't know where else you can go where you can sample so much that Asian food has to offer
4	I just moved to Scottsdale last Friday and for some reason on my first night in town I just had a craving for Chinese food.  My husband had been living here since April, so he had been to Flo's a couple of times, so he suggested we go there.We walked in around 4:30pm on Friday and were seated quickly.  The place isn't very large and it's decorated simply but nicely.  We were pleasantly surprised to hear that it was Happy Hour.  Everyday from 3-7pm all alcohol and all appetizers are half off.  What a deal!  I even heard the waiter for the table behind us telling them that many people come in for happy hour and just order an assortment of appetizers.  Sounds like a great plan for some other time, but we were pretty hungry.We had an order of spring rolls, I had katsu chicken, and my husband had general tso's chicken (this was on a separate summer menu).  The katsu chicken was very tasty, my only complaint is that the panko breading starts to get soggy as soon as they pour the sauce on top, so eat fast.  The general tso's, on the other hand, had a different breading that was perfectly crispy even after adding the sauce.  It was not at all spicy like the menu indicated, but were were perfectly fine with that.Pricing was reasonable, service was good, and food came out quickly.  We will definitely be back.  I particularly would love to try the peking duck (note that it requires 24 hours advance notice).
5	Ahhhhh, good ol' Flo's Chinese Restaurant.  I love this place.  I was introduced to this place when I first moved to AZ  seven years ago by my friend Anushka.  This quickly became my favorite happy hour place when I lived in the area.  Just a quick drink with a friend always ended up to be a late night at Flo's.  It is an easy place to hang out at the bar.  Great drinks and food specials.  The service was great, decor is nice and the food is yummy!  I always enjoy coming back here.  Also, ya can't go wrong with the $5.00 lunch specials on Saturdays!  Check it out!
4	3.5I'd been to their other Scottsdale location, and a friend and I grabbed lunch here yesterday afternoon. It was a little afternoon and it was not packed, but no one was at the host stand so a group of about 6 of us waited for someone to greet and seat us. After 2-3 minutes someone came out and seated us. Our server came by not too long after and took our drink order and came back with the wonton chips and we ordered a side of pork gyozas. The gyozas are super small, but it was enough to split between the two of us with everything else that comes with the lunch specials. I liked the salad that came out, though the dressing was a bit runny. I decided on the southeast asian peanut chicken with brown rice, which I really liked. The thing of rice they bring out is giant and could easily be split between two. My friend had the katsu chicken and said it was good, though he prefers their teriyaki chicken. We ended with the chocolate wontons which were good, but they sound better than they tasted.The thing I noticed about this location and the other is that the wait once your done with your meal the wait is painstakingly long. Maybe it's because I'm watching the clock because I have to get back to work, but it took a long time to get out once we were done eating.Food is good. I'll be back to either location again.
4	I have been going to Flo's since it opened - Remember the Tiny location by Safeway ? My Fav is the Hot & Sour Soup- Lettuce Wraps - Hot & Sour Soup oh yeah I love that soup here- We give Flo a Big High Five for THE BEST HAPPY HOUR IN THE N SCOTTSDALE AREA. 7 DAYS A WEEK  All Items 1/2 off All Wine, Beer ALL Half Off not the Chinzy House wine only thing that other Places do. ALL Food Items on App List 1/2 Off  - Not 4 or 5 Items - like the Cheap Pretenders in the Hood - that wonder why they aren't busy ?!?!? Go to Flo's for HH - and Thank Me later when you see your Check !!
5	I have been going to Flo's for years and every single time it is AMAZING! Whenever I have family or friends in town I always take them here and nobody is every disappointed. Not only is the food exceptional so is the customer service. Flo herself stops at every table and ask how your meal was... I seriously don't understand how every single time I have been there in all times of the day she has done this. By far one of my favorite places in AZ.
2	It has been about 6 months since we were at Flo's last. We used to frequent Flo's on a regular basis and it was one of our favorites in town for Chinese food. There lunch prices have gone up to about $9. I understand the need to increase prices, but the half dinner portion that used to be half the price for lunch is now only a few dollars cheaper than dinner and still half the size. You do get a salad with lunch,but it is essentially iceberg lettuce with a little dressing. I would spend the few dollars more for a dinner portion if you like having leftovers. I ordered the Moo goo gai pan as usual. It came out without any chicken. I let our waiter know that there was no chicken and he took the dish away without apology. I waited for about 15 minutes while the rest of my party ate there lunch. Another gentleman brought out a new and improved Moo goo with chicken, but without a word of apology. I then realized that it was almost bone dry and did not have any more than a glisten of sauce. I asked the waiter who delivered my dish for some sauce because the dish didn't seem to have any. He said "oh , you would like some extra sauce" and I said no I would just like some sauce on the dish as it appears that it was left off. He returned with a small cup of sauce, again without a word. I felt badly wasting almost the entire cup as I only wanted a couple of spoonfuls not a drowning plate, but did appreciate some sauce finally about 25 minutes after my party received there food. I was incredibly disappointed by the mistakes and service. This used to be a favorite and I hope that they were just having an off day, but we will not be back.
5	This place has an AMAZING happy hour....tons of apps and drinks for super cheap.
5	I have been  coming here regularly for many years and this is one of my favorite restaurants and definitely my favorite Asian restaurant. I rarely stray from the cashew chicken because I love it so much but have had many other dishes that are also very good. The appetizers including lettuce wraps and spring rolls are great. The chocolate won tons for desert are great. I love the atmosphere. The service is usually excellent.
2	Food is generally pretty good but the snotty little brat that answers the phone to take our pick-up order couldn't be more rude and almost ruined our appetite once again. It's a shame how one person can negatively affect a dining experience. The owners should hire someone new before losing more business.
1	IS THERE A WAY TO LEAVE NO STARS?As a long time Flo's customer, today's review pains me to write and share...  Normally we order takeout and everything is perfect.  Today we made the critical mistake of eating at Flo's...  BIG MISTAKE to attempt to eat there on a Friday at lunch.The service was abysmal to say the least.  The waitress clearly had trouble managing her tables and stayed in the weeds the entire time.  They poured 2 glasses of water for a table of 4 and even after requesting water for our 2 children, our salads were on the table and  1/2 eaten before I finally had to go ask a hostess for 2 more waters.   Our main course was on the table and we had still never received silverware for all 4 people so we finally robbed the freshly made table next too us.  I felt sorry for the elderly couple who sat down later at that table knowing they may never see silverware again!She asked if we wanted our food to go and was only concerned with running my credit card to settle the bill.  Finally a random busboy stopped by and asked if we were interested in some togo boxes.  He kindly dropped them and an empty bag off at our table.  It really bothers me when a restaurant fails to actually box up food for the patrons and leaves boxes to do it yourself, but we will save that story for another day.We love Flo's and will remain loyal for take out only!  EAT IN CUSTOMERS BEWARE!
1	I used to love Flo's.  We would go there once or twice a month.  Have moved out of the area, haven't been there in a year or so.  Went there for dinner on Friday night. Food tasted great.  All three of us had food poisoning all weekend long.  Needless to say, we won't coming back for a long time if ever.
4	Diverse menu. Food usually pretty good. Great happy hour prices. Decent beverage selection by Chinese restaurant standards. We have had good service when we have gone.Easy parking. In a shopping center but don't let it discourage you.  This is part of a small chain and they all seem to be good.
1	I took my father here for dinner because I had heard so many good things about it. The restaurant was relatively slow when we arrived. We were sat by a very friendly hostess and waters were promptly delivered. Then we sat at our table for over 15 minutes without receiving any further service. I had to ask the hostess to find our waitress for us.  Once they finally came over and took our order they hardly seemed apologetic for the neglect. In addition to having to wait so long to even place our order they forgot my order when the food finally arrived. I will not take anything away from the quality of their food but the service is less than up to standard. Id recommend getting take out.
2	Not that good, not that bad. If you have to eat here, it won't hurt you. If you can go somewhere else, do it.
2	I have been a loyal customer for many many years and today I was very disappointed.     The lunch has changed the salad was so small I could barely fit my fork in the bowl . The chips are no longer served with sweet & sour but are put on your lunch plate I counted four mixed in with my rice . The rice is no longer served in a kettle on your table .The lunch portion has been reduced . How Sad ! The Flo's we have patronized for years is gone !
5	Love this place. Favorite menu item : unbreaded orange chicken! It's amazing! You will not be disappointed.
2	+.+.+.+.+.+Two Things Have Changed in the Past 30 Days +.+.+.+.+.+.+PRICES have been  increasing quite frequently ...... and they just did it again.Enough is enough ...... They now have become very expensive.We'll still continue going here ........ reducing our visits by 50%.There's a wonderful Chinese restaurant at Shea and 92nd Street that gives much  larger portions ..... at about the same price as Flo's.Secondly the remodel is Beautiful ..... However, why wasn't the Rock Concert noise level remedied ?????
1	I'm giving one star because the TAKE OUT SERVICE sucks.  The last two times they have forgotten something in our order.  They tie knots in the bags when you pick it up and even when you verify the order with them verbally there is still something missing. We have had problems in the past but I never posted a review but since it was two times in a row I think it's time they get their act together.  The first time I ordered a side salad and chips to go with our entrees but they were not in the bag when I got home.  Since it was just a salad and chips I opted not to go back and pick it up.  This last time we ordered lettuce wraps but when I got home the chicken filling was not in the bag.  I called to let them know I was coming back to get it.  The first girl I talked to asked me to double check to be sure I didn't have it.  Then she put me on hold and another person came on the line and described what kind of package it would be in and asked me if I was sure it wasn't included.  REALLY?  We didn't order that much food that the container would be sitting in front of me and I didn't see it!  I told them we definitely didn't have it and I wanted to come and get it.  When I got back to the restaurant they had it ready for me but just barely apologized and didn't offer to refund my money for the inconvenience or even offer a coupon or discount on my next visit.  Since my family was at home waiting to eat and the food was getting cold I opted not to talk to the manager.  I just didn't feel like dealing with it.  So unless you insist that the bags are not tied up when you go to pick up or make them untie everything to verify beware you may be missing something in your order when you get back home.  One other thing....their interpretation of SPICY is actually MILD.  Every time I have ever ordered something that says spicy on the menu it has not been even remotely spicy.  I always have to add hot mustard or chili to it.
1	As a  a long time Flo's customer the new layout of this location is horrible. The hostess stand has been moved to the side allowing waiting  customers to flow into the dining room and lean against your table while you're eating.   Absolutely refuse the first table behind the hostess stand it is a miserable experience. When I complained about it Flo said its because they were busy. Well on my job when I earn the money that I spend at flos I can't provide poor customer service just because we are busy. Bottom line with flos is they have gotten too big,  making money is more important that the client experience. Find another establishment until they put clients first
2	I have been going to Flo's for more than 10 years and have always loved the food and value. The last few visits have been disappointing. Last night we did our traditional New Year's Eve take out and were disappointed again when the sweet and sour sauce for our sweet and sour chicken was missing and the sauce for our dumplings was also missing.  I had checked the order when I picked up but forgot to check for the sauces. Needless to say, dinner was not very good. We have had problems before with take out and at this point, I can't see us doing this again. There is no quality control in Flo's take out and when I spend more than $60 for dinner, I expect to get what I pay for. Flo, if you read this, add a quality control step to your take out process.
5	Flo's food quality and the staff are as good as ever.  We were one of Flo's original customers more than 12 years ago and loved the freshness and flavor of her menu items.  Having returned to Scottsdale after living out of state for a number of years, we had to return and have found the food quality and the staff to be a good as ever.  Flo is still there to say hello and insure the quality is as good as ever.  The menu has new items as well as the selections we had enjoyed for years. This is a must in Scottsdale and is much better than other well know national Chinese food chains.
2	I too have been a loyal fan of Flo's for more than a decade, eating here every week for awhile when I worked in the area. Sadly, I can't say I'll ever eat here again. It's true, prices have gone up and the quality and consistency has gone way down.The boyfriend and I visited twice in the past couple weeks. The first time, the only thing we really liked was the white rice and General Tso's (spelling?) Chicken. It was sweet, savory & spicy. The other menu items were a fail. Spring rolls were tiny (like as long as my pinky finger!) and I believe $4 for just TWO. The brown rice was mushy and overcooked. The Orange Beef was bland. Their orange sauce is definitely not as good as I remember, which used to be my favorite.The second visit, last night in fact, we ordered General Tso's Chicken and Mongolian Beef. Unfortunately, the brown rice was again overcooked. C'mon guys... if I can make good brown rice myself with a crappy $30 rice cooker, what is your excuse?! The General sauce lacked the spiciness of the previous visit and was just OK. The Mongolian sauce was good, but the beef was mushy. It seems like they might soak it in meat tenderizer for a LONG TIME. Very weird consistency.Seriously pains me to say that I won't be back. Very sad.  :(
1	My husband and I tried Flo's this weekend. We chose takeout and unfortunately there was a minor error on our order. That was addressed but the food was bland
5	We stop at Flo's about every other week and have never been disappointed. Service is always prompt especially when we have Pablo as our server. The happy hour specials are a real bargain and there is a wide variety of appetizers to chose from. I am amazed to see some negative reviews here as our experience at Flo's has always been great.
4	Trying to decide what to do for dinner the other night ... we settled on Chinese.  So at Flo's - we selected Lemon Pepper Chicken, Kung Pao Chicken.  We shared both dishes - and both were loaded with flavor and just hit the spot.  There was not one morsel of food left on either platter.  Can't wait for the next visit!  Service was great, and It's nice to see the owner circulate and ensure service and food lives up to her expectations.  Well done!
5	We moved here from Hong Kong a few years ago and were introduced to Flo's by our long time resident friends.  Mind you, we lived in one of the culinary capitals of the world, where the best of any food can be found.  Also, I am American and my wife is Chinese.  Flo has a fun and varied menu.  We are sure that the Western palate leans toward Orange Chicken and General Tsao's Chicken, along with Spring Rolls and Fortune Cookies.  However, the menu has a variety of well-prepared and tasty dishes with noodles and the spicier items being quite appetizing.  So, for those of you who have written less than positive reviews, you have certainly limited yourselves to a narrow sampling of Flo's.  The iconic Saturday Lunch, yes, has increased in cost and the portions may be smaller but, come on, what more could you ask for at $6? Flo has given us a unique place to savor Asian dishes at, realistically, economic costs.  We, for one (and our feelings are shared by our group of friends) enjoy a periodic Happy Hour at Flo's and stopping by for a nice lunch on a Saturday, while running errands.  Thank you, Flo....................GRW
4	Out favorite Asian restaurant in the west!! Love Flos restaurant! And love Flo!! She is a wonderful owner who is generally there toi greet us every time we frequent her restaurant! You can tell she takes pride in her restaurant and is genuine with her customers. The hot and sour soup is delicious and the very best I have ever had! It's got loads of shrimp, chicken, mushrooms and tofu in it and the savory flavor is over the top!! Another favorite is the green curry chicken, house lo mein, moo shu pork, Mongolian beef with broccoli just to name a few of our favorites!! Oh, and did I forget to mention her lettuce wraps!! Yummy! Flos is one of the first places we dine when we are in Scottsdale!!  We were there last night! 6 of us and ate to capacity for under 80.00 plus tip! That was with no alcohol and most of us were hydrating with just bottled water. Buy HAPPY HOUR DAILY with 50% off all drinks and appetizers!! What a greatValue!! The only reason I did not give Flos 5 stars was because of the service. Generally the service really good, although the last few times it took forever to order, then get our food. And the waiter kept forgetting to bring out extra sauces!  Hopefully the next visit i will update to a 5 star! Until next time..... I highly recommend you try this restaurant!!
3	When we first moved here six years ago, we really liked going to Flo's. Their dishes were tasty and interesting to the pallet.The two of us came for a late lunch and thought wow, things have gotten very expensive and the food was just okay. I agree with everything my friend Marvin A wrote in his updated review just a few months ago. http://www.yelp.com/biz/flos-scottsdale-3?hrid=TJuxgsGDqv6OjBCHJk7gpw   Also, my friend Scott D brings up some very good points as well. http://www.yelp.com/biz/flos-scottsdale-3?hrid=l4MSDHKXs1IDBvKn1TjaHQ  So I call your attention to both of their reviews. It seems Flo's no longer has a Luncheon Menu, only smaller portions of their regular dinner menu. We decided to start off with some pork Pot Stickers for $5.00. We were vanquished, so I decided to ordered two (if only to have some for later, or so I thought). These however were minis, barely half the normal size (see photo) and blandOur lunch entrees were Chicken with Cashew for $9.00 and the Chicken Asian Peanut sauce over noodles for $11.50 (photos). Both were okay, just not memorable as we remembered eating in Flo's in the past. We were saddened to see the direction Flo's has taken. There is no je ne sais quoi anymore. So our return factor is pretty low, though we might give them another try at some point. Our lunch bill came in at $30.50 and our server Irene, was very good and kept our water glasses filled. So two and a half stars and barely "A-Okay". Now, where have you taken Flo?
5	I have never had such fresh and great chinese food!  We had take out tonight and it was piping hot and tasty.  The staff is friendly too.  Just wish they delivered...
2	This was our second time visiting Flo's.  We were not impressed.  We ordered the shrimp & snap peas with sauted vegetable and were completely under whelmed.  If you can describe anything less than bland, that would be it.On a Wednesday night, the place was packed so I was so surprised when we sat down at our table with our to go order and felt I would have better served with Panda Express, which I hate by the way.The spring rolls that I ordered (thinkin P.F. Chang's) were worse than I could have gotten at Costco for a total of $8 for 4.I can't recommend it and we won't be back.
4	This is our go to Chinese restaurant! We mainly get takeout (which I recommend more). If you live in the area, the takeout is much faster and food is still great! We have eaten only once inside the restaurant and the experience was okay. The atmosphere is not the best - it is very loud inside especially if it is busy and there are hardly any lights. We went with my parents who couldn't hear half of our conversation because of the noise nor see the menu without the iPhone flashlight. So I definitely recommend the takeout if possible!
1	Service was not good, young teenagers running the place.  Food was ok but there are way better choices than Flos.
5	I love Flo's! Sweet and sour soup is the best I've ever had! I convinced my girlfriend who is extremely picky to try it, and she loved it! I enjoy sitting at the bar. This place has a cool atmosphere and the new remodel is inviting.
2	My original review was three stars, see below, but after the owner sent me a message berating me because of my review I decided to downgrade my review to a two. I felt it was a fair honest review. He actually told me I'd be better off at Panda Express, well if that's what you feel your food is compared to I feel bad for you. I feel your food was much better than Panda Express. Nice decor. The food was decent, similar to a PF Changs. Servings were good sized and affordable. I had the sweet and sour chicken, spring rolls and pot stickers. All were good. But not out of this world
4	Headed here for lunch with a co-worker the other day, and I must say we were pleasantly surprised by the sleek and modern interior of this place! We were greeted as soon as we walked in and seated by the window.Their lunch menu and dinner menu are one and the same, however, they offer smaller versions of their dinner options with a lunch price in ()s next to the regular dinner price. I ordered the sweet and sour chicken with white rice. The sweet and sour sauce was exactly what I was looking for flavor wise (sometimes you can get a sauce that's too runny and just doesn't coat the meal...not the case here!). The chicken was cooked perfectly. The waitress was quick to refill an empty class and to check on us regularly. She was obliging to separate our checks for us and had us checked out and on our way pretty quickly for a lunch hour.Overall: AWe will definitely be back for a lunch!
5	Ordered takeout on twice-cooked pork, chicken katsu, and pork pot-stickers. Wife and I were most impressed by the good flavor profiles on the 2X pork and chicken katsu. (We liked that they used fusion flavors, not just the standard bland Chinese take-out seasonings we've experienced with other locals). Pot-stickers were small but OK. I would order take-out from Flo's again, for sure. I award this restaurant 5 * on flavor! Look forward to trying other dishes.Also, I arrived at 5:00 pm on a Tuesday afternoon in mid-May, the bar seats were full for happy-hour and the restaurant had about seven 4-tops in play. That's a good sign, I think, especially as seasonal tourists are mostly absent.
5	I used to come here a long time ago when I worked up here on rain tree and the 101.  It's been atleast 5-6 years. Best thing about this place is that it has not changed a bit with the quality of food and service. I really enjoyed this place, atmosphere, friendly service, quick food. We got here when it opened so it was not busy yet, but people started rolling in right away. I ordered my all time favorite teriyaki chicken and some crab puffs. Both were exceptional. I will be coming back regularly since I work in the area again. I recommend trying it out, it might not be your kind of place. But see for yourself, you shouldn't be dissapointed.
3	Flo's is tired.  The same restaurant that was jammed with diners nightly five years or so ago is now only fairly busy.  The food is almost the same as it was then, but the world has changed, and diners now expect more innovative and tasty fare.This is not to say that Flo's is bad, and judged against the universe of Chinese neighborhood restaurants, it probably would rate four stars, but I can't bring myself to judge Flo's that way - to me it aspires to be a top-of-the-line eatery and it just isn't.  Both the dishes we ordered were fine - pepper shrimp and sweet and sour chicken - but not great.  The portions were more than adequate and the ingredients were better than average (larger shrimp, good white meat chicken).  But the flavors were yesterday, the service was maybe a bit too casual, and the restaurant was far too loud, especially when the bar was full of people.I enjoyed my meal, but only a little more than Panda Express.  Not good enough for that fourth star.  Flo's: down an energy drink and get some new life, or perhaps it's just time to retire.
5	Take out service is excellent.  We have been long time customers of Flo's and will continue to buy from them.
2	Take-out sucked violently.Too much vinegar in the hot and sour soup, I felt like an old lady with yeast issues.But what sucked the most was their new take-out containers; half the size of PF Changs and compartmentalized, like a tv dinner.In one compartment, the rice, entree in the other.Think about it.What was once a white, four-fold container is now a cheesy two compartment container with half the food.I'm out.
3	This is a good Chinese place compared to other places of similar caliber.  I like almost everything here except for the scallops and mushrooms.  The scallops tasted rancid and were overlooked.  The curry is good and so is everything else.   Service was slow and not attentive.
3	Kids meals were disappointing.  Terriyaki chicken is a basic kid meal staple but Flos kid meals only include rice.  If you want noodles instead with the Terriyaki meal it costs extra $2.  That's $7.50 for kids terriyaki with noodles.  Pei Wei much better and more flexible with pricing.
1	Disappointing. I went to Flo's with my family tonight and will not be back. The Basil Chicken entree had two pieces of basil and the cheapest chicken imaginable. My meal was cold while my husband's was steaming ?!? The service- The waiter took 10 minutes to greet us. We quickly ordered and he never once came back to see how anything tasted. Towards the end of the meal he finally returned to our table to hand us the check... Ha! Not worth the money. Not worth my time. I probably could have eaten better and cheaper at a Chinese takeout fast food place. Gross.
2	This food is terrible. The hostesses are hot, but the food tastes like one of those $4.95 all you can eat Chinese buffets. Seriously, the Emperor has no clothes. It sucks.
4	Came here twice for Happy Hour where apps and drinks are all 50% off. And you get to sit in the restaurant so that makes it nice when the bar is full or you have more than two people.Potstickers are good-chicken better flavor than the pork. You get 4 chicken ones and 6 pork. The chicken are bigger than the pork so it balances out. Shrimp skewers are good and good deal. Shu mai-awful. Mushy. Stay away from these. Salt and pepper wings-yummy. Good taste. Big and plump. Spring rolls-not the rice paper wrapped Vietnamese ones. These are fried like lumpia or skinny egg rolls. Better than I thought in that there was lots of meat in the chicken ones.  Chicken skewers (both kinds)-had mixed reviews.  Some people liked them and some did. Calamari-good amount.  Not the best I've ever had but for the price, pretty good. I've also had the lunch version of the Dan Dan noodles and they were pretty good. There's not many good Chinese places in the area so unless you want to drive to Mesa or Tempe, I think this is a good sub.
4	Yes to Happy Hour  7 Days a Week Until 7PM    Yes to Awesome Service Friendly people Nice Atmosphere- Lettuce Wraps  love you- decent portion wonderful favor-  We order Hot and Sour Soup (Not HH Priced- but $5 bucks for Huge Share able Portion) Each get lettuce cups the soup He gets a Kirin I get a glass of KJ Chard and we get a check right around $20 and a full tummy. Thank you Flo Your are one Smart Cookie.... There lunches and dinners are good as well, but we live close so HH is our FAV !
5	I've been coming to Flo's at a variety of locations here in town since the early 90's and have never been disappointed, neither has anyone I know and we've brought many a person to dine here. Happy hour is CRAZY... the drinks are very good and the appetizers are excellent, our favorite is the wings, never had anything like them. For dinner it's all good but we are big fans of the Kung pao, Beef with broccoli and the lemon Pepper Chicken with a couple lemon wedges squished on top at the table... Mmmmmm. Top it off with a variety of deserts, my favorite, not my wife's, is the chocolate won ton's. To top it all off, Flo is usually on site and making sure your experience is one you will enjoy
5	If you're looking for a great happy hour spot,  Flo is your girl. She has 50% drinks AND appetizers till 7. If you're a wino like my bestie and me go for the whole bottle. We have been on the look out for new happy hour joints for years but always come back to Flos. When you can do a tangy bottle of white wine, spicy lettuce cups and crispy spring rolls for a great price it's hard to justify going anywhere else in North Scottsdale.
1	That's not Chinese!  I eat here once and never again.  Not because the food is bad per se, it simply isn't Chinese food.  Flo has so watered down her menu by cutting the very thing that makes Chinese food Chinese Food, SPICY!  But that's not her fault, its the people in the Scottsdale area who somehow think that's how Chinese food is suppose to be - IT ISN'T!But how can one argue with Flo's success?  ME!  She sold out to the N.E. crowd who thing an onion is spicy!If Flo's was Chinese food I'd give her higher rating, the problem is, that's what she markets herself as. Her husband or ex-husband stuck to his guns and made some excellent Chinese food, but the local palettes couldn't handle real Chinese food and he went under!  How unfortunate that we in Scottsdale have to give into those from the N.E. that have no sense of good food.  Too Bad!
2	Very disappointed, we either order out from Flo's or dine in at least once a month. All previous food has been wonderful. Starting from today I will never go back.  Appetizers were great, came out hot but they did not come out at the same time. We ordered 2 potstickers appetizer's only received one but I was ok with that we had enough and the appetizer's were hot and delicious. But when our actual food came out it was not hot, it was warm almost closed to cool. We pre ordered a 25$ duck as they request and it came out cold, why pre order???? If it just comes out cold!!!! My mother did not get her food and even when we mentioned it to the owner Flo they brought her food out and it was still cold!!!! Makes me believe it's McDonalds, food already made and they just warm it up. Not the Flo's I used to eat at. Will never go back and will not recommend this restaurant to anyone. Sometime those other Chinese restaurant's that are hidden in a corner are more authentic and better than this place. I don't know what happened to Flo's but it's not like how it used to be.
4	My friend at work just loves this place. I'm not blown away by Flo's but it isn't bad. The salad dressing is wonderful, and I wish I could buy it by the bottle. The food isn't spectacular (though I will admit I am not always adventurous when it comes to Chinese food) The service is usually pretty good, though this last time, I think the gentleman was new because he was ALL over us, and then we didn't see him again for nearly 30 minutes. But I'm sure once he's more comfortable he'll be a great addition.
4	Delicious.  The remodel has helped with the noise level.  High quality food in a nice atmosphere
3	There seems to be a. "Click" that hangs at the bar . So if ur not part of it u r basically ignored by the bartender . Not hating just saying don't sit at the bar if ur not a regular
2	It seems like some people in North Scottsdale have low standards? The place is overly crowded I cannot understand why it's not that great. I ended up getting sick after eating here, not just me but my boyfriend too. Oh well, I gave it a try several times only because the location, I will make the drive to find something else.
2	Ordered to go. Asked for a small modification on one entree ("can you leave one item out"), but when we got it, it was not modified. So I just paid $15 for an entree I can't eat. Even if it was made modified, it was very dry. The other entree was just ok. Not worth the cost. I hade Asian food from food carts with better flavor. Cost did not reflect quality. Too bad, since it's close to my house :/
1	In a word, this place is a success at providing american (quasi Chinese food.)  Not authentic, not so good at all.  I didn't base this review on a single visit.  I wasted (3) visits confirming the that the food is sub-par for anyone pursuing authentic great tasting, Chinese food.  You can't even determine what region of China that they are attempting to reproduce.  They really should try and at least keep up with PF Changs, or Panda Express.
